Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|Just because yet unable to comprehend the real form of the edge, doesn't mean that this universe is infinite.
Donna Grant, Burning Desire|No longer could he deny what he wanted. Perhaps it was her confession. Maybe it was because he hadn't taken to the skies in weeks. Whatever it was, all he knew was that he had to have her or go up in flames. "Then seduce me." - Kiril
Mira Grant, Deadline|OMG YOU GUYS it has come to my attention that SOMEONE on the internet is saying that my fictional 19th century zombies are NOT SCIENTIFICALLY SOUND. Naturally, I am crushed. To think, IF ONLY I’d consulted with a zombologist or two before sitting down to write, I could’ve avoided ALL THIS EMBARRASSMENT.
George Packer|This isn't to deny that there were fierce arguments, at the time and ever since, about the causes and goals of both the Civil War and the Second World War. But 1861 and 1941 each created a common national narrative (which happened to be the victors' narrative): both wars were about the country's survival and the expansion of the freedoms on which it was founded. Nothing like this consensus has formed around September 11th.... Indeed, the decade since the attacks has destroyed the very possibility of a common national narrative in this country.
Sallust|Friendship is a disinterested commerce between equals; love, an abject intercourse between tyrants and slaves.
Krista Alasti, Taming Shadows|Why would Dad call you? I mean, you have to admit that he would have been better off calling the local prison and asking them to send out one of the convicted killers to come find me. - Shella
Marjane Satrapi, The Sigh|So there’s a freeing up that happens when I can go into that storytelling mode...It isn’t about how much sense you make, it is about how compelling you are. (interview)
Lisa Logue, Cursed Secrets|For someone who is supposed to be a knight in shining armor, you're acting like an ass in aluminum foil.
Abraham Lincoln|If you once forfeit the confidence of your fellow citizens, you can never regain their respect and esteem. It is true that you may fool all of the people some of the time; you can even fool some of the people all of the time; but you can't fool all of the people all of the time. -Speech at Clinton, Illinois, September 8, 1854.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Well, you played me, Rabbit. You played me, and it worked, and I’m not the kind of person to make the same mistake twice. Your whole life is a game, but you know what? I already have a life. Poker’s nothing to me but a goddamn deck of cards.
Mensah Oteh, The Good Life: Transform your life through one good day|Feed your mind with thoughts that inspire, motivate, encourage, empower, educate and instruct you by deliberately choosing the information you allow into your world through sight, sound and people.
Stephen King, The Stand|Don't think I know you," Harold said, grinning, as they shook. He had a firm grip. Larry's hand was pumped up and down exactly three times and let go. It reminded Larry of the time he had shaken hands with George Bush back when the old bushwhacker had been running for President. It had been at a political rally, which he had attended on the advice of his mother, given many years ago. If you can't afford a movie, go to the zoo. If you can't afford the zoo, go see a politician.
Oliver Wendell Holmes|The proverb warns that  "You should not bite the hand that feeds you." But maybe you should  if it prevents you from feeding yourself.
Alex Flinn, Cloaked|Beside me, Philippe and Meg hold hands. He murmurs something that sounds like, "my dear leetle mongoose." I wish he'd turn back into a frog and hop away.
Chuck Klosterman, I Wear the Black Hat: Grappling With Villains|But this is the ultimate contradiction of cinema. It's a medium BORN of technology, AFRAID of technology and evolving towards the future BECAUSE OF technology.
William Faulkner|I banned the use of fat as a slur hurled toward myself and strangers. I'm not saying I don't see fat; saying that is akin to the people who make grand statements about 'not seeing color.' Seeing color doesn't mean you're a racist. It means your eyes work, but that you are hopefully able to see color not for a discrepancy in normal, but as a beautiful component of diversity.
M.M. Kaye|It is not an easy thing to be a woman and love with the whole heart: which men do not understand -- having many loves, and delighting in danger and war.
Jack Higgins, The Eagle Has Landed|Be a hero, if not for others, then for yourself.
Thomas Hobbes|The first and fundamental law of Nature, which is, to seek peace and follow it.
Lemony Snicket, Horseradish|And the person who says that the only way to please them is to restrict options for others is, if you ask me, the one who deserves it least. And that’s my opinion, expressed as politely as possible.
Erich Fromm, The Art of Loving|The only way in which the world can be grasped ultimately lies, not in thought, but in the act, in the experience of oneness.Thus paradoxical logic leads to the conclusion that the love of God is neither the knowledge of God in thought, nor the thought of one's love of God, but the act of experiencing the oneness with God.
Sunday Adelaja|If you are indecisive, make decisions quickly and act in accordance with your decisions you will be able to acquire a new habit
Kris Kidd, I Can't Feel My Face|The homeless dudes on Alameda all have legs any runway model would kill for, and sometimes I think of giving them money, but— I don’t know, I’ve got bills to not pay, and drinks to make people buy for me.
Justin Chatwin|I'm not a parenting expert by any means, but I've been interviewing and writing about kids for almost 20 years.
Criss Jami, Healology|Like most arts, the link between the mind and the pen can chain you like an enslaved workaholic. Even on an intended vacation you suddenly have this killer urge to record whatever the vacation may teach.
Arkady Strugatsky, Hard to Be a God|И всегда будут короли, более или менее жестокие, бароны, более или менее дикие, и всегда будет невежественный народ, питающий восхищение к своим угнетателям и ненависть к своему освободителю. И все потому, что раб гораздо лучше понимает своего господина, пусть даже самого жестокого, чем своего освободителя, ибо каждый раб отлично представляет себя на месте господина, но мало кто представляет себя на месте бескорыстного освободителя.
Auliq Ice|Instead of trying to hide yourself from the world, make it your signature trait. Make what most people think to be the worst of you become something your proud of.
Beverly Engel, The Right to Innocence|As you recover, you will find yourself letting go of many of your negative beliefs. You will discover that many of the so-called truths you were raised with and forced to believe are not truths at all. With this perspective, you will come to see, for example, that the names you were called as a child are simply not true. You are not ‘stupid,’ ‘lazy,’ ‘ugly,’ or a ‘liar’. You can discover just who you really are. You can let go of your pretenses and masks and discover who the real person is underneath.
Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest|It was during those years that I discovered that loving [my father] was like sticking a blade into my own heart. It got me nowhere, except awake in the middle of the night, recalling the years when my father was the strongest, the smartest, the funniest, and I lay curled in my bed, wondering why I had been cheated out of a father who loved me, and one I could love in return.
Donald G. Mitchell|When I was in elementary school, I used to write letters to myself. I'd write letters and go 'Dear Kristen-at-16-years-old, happy birthday. I hope you're doing something.'
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|I think my dad was so fascinated by this idea because he realizedon some fundamental level that he was not in control of his desires:I think he woke up every morning in his nice house with hardwoodfloors and granite countertops and wondered why he desired granitecountertops and hardwood floors, wondered who precisely wasrunning his life.
Fred Rogers, The Mister Rogers' Parenting Book: Helping To Understand Your Young Child|[I]f we can bring our children understanding, comfort, and hopefulness when they need this kind of support, then they are more likely to grow into adults who can find these resources within themselves later on. (from the introduction)
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|God gives life, strength and wisdom for every accomplishment.
Rebecca Solnit|The only way he could have her was to shatter this stubborn faith of hers. In doing so, would he shatter her? 'What has this god of yours ever really done for you?' She stood very still for a long moment, her back to him. 'Everything.
Jennifer Michael Hecht|William tell, William tell,Take your arrow, grip it well,There’s the apple– – aim for the middle– –Oh well … you just missed by a little.
James MacDonald|The Roman Church has grown and grown, fueled by immigration but also renewed by two pontiffs who have seemed to understand what Tocqueville knew: People want guidance for their souls once they are convinced they have them.
Don DeLillo, Running Dog|And so everything depends on you, Bertie. Bishop or rook. Your life or mine. Do what you believe you have to do.
Anne Stevenson|Like most lit nerds, I'm a voracious reader. I never got enough poetry under my belt growing up but I do read it - some of my favorites, Gina Franco and Angela Shaw and Cornelius Eady and Kevin Young, remind me daily that unless the words sing and dance, what's the use of putting them down on paper.
Kate Rusby|Doris loves Superman as well.unfortunately, she got knocked down by a van last year, and it was a big, long recovery for her, really. It took about six months, didn't it, before she was fully back to normal. She never gone back to normal. She's got a bionic leg now, which made her twice as fast and twice as stupid. You know, but she's just such good fun. But anyway,like she had a bit of a low point, you know, when she got really fed up, you know, with those stupid lampshade collars, you know, that they have on their head. Ugh, bumping into everything, she was walking about sighing. Ugh, like that, you know, and if you've ever been known or been with the terriers, but that ball of energy,you know, and she wasn't allowed to be for a walk or anything. It was awful. So to cheer her up, I bought her a little Superman outfit for dogs. When you get home, you look online. They are absolutely brilliant. You can get Wonder Woman and Darth Vader, all sorts. They're the funniest thing I have ever seen in my. The front paws, the front legs go in Super man's legs, you know, and it like covers up the paw with these little, red boot things on the bottom. And it comes up and ties around the neck, and there's tube stuff down from the front. So from the front, it's like a tiny, little Superman with a dog's head. And then, on the back there's this cape. So when she trots around, it looks like she's flying! Ah, it's brilliant! And she loves it. I couldn't get it off for about a week. It's honestly, they're absolutely brilliant, you must check it out. So anyway, tonight this is for Doris.
Kelli Russell Agodon, Hourglass Museum|Yes, it hurts to fall— ache, tenderness—but each scar is a sign your system is working.
Robert A. Heinlein, Starship Troopers|Violence, naked force, has settled more issues in history than has any other factor, and the contrary opinion is wishful thinking at its worst. Breeds that forget this basic truth have always paid for it with their lives and their freedoms
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Negative thoughts crashed the spirit, weaken the soul and make the body sick.
Nadlee Thims, Mr. Montgomery|Mr. Montgomery pushes the envelope. It's everything we shouldn't do, yet, he makes us want to, anyway.
R. Scott Bakker, The White Luck Warrior|Gods are but greater demons," the Cishaurim said, "hungers across the surface of eternity, wanting only to taste the clarity of our souls. Can you not see this?
Jim Valvano|I started to send my work to journals when I was 26, which was just a question of when I got the courage up. They were mostly journals I had been reading for the previous six or seven years.
Hubert Selby Jr., Requiem for a Dream|They luxuriated in the feeling of deep and all pervading satisfaction, a feeling of knowing absolutely that all was well with the world and them and that the world was not only their oyster it was also their linguine with clam sauce. Not only were all things possible, but all things were theirs. 
Elizabeth Scott, Something, Maybe|How come you like Josh so much anyway? All he does is sit around drinking overpriced coffee and bitching about how awful things are""He cares about the world.""If he cared about the world, he'd donate the ten thousand dollars he must spend on coffee every year to charity. That would be doing something.
Robin Roe, A List of Cages|If, as has been postulated before, heroism happens when courage meets circumstance, what if the circumstances are mundane?
Nadair Desmar|When you come to a point realizing what is going on in the society, then you will also come to a point in need to fight back.
Barbara Leaming|Ultimately, it's my choice and only my choice.
Teresa Hampton, Leading Ladies: Willing Hearts, Willing Hands|We see through the inspired pages that Jesus often stopped His very important, very urgent work, the work He was sent to do, in order to commune with His Father. It appears prayer was as vital to the Son of God as breathing air.
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest|When we lose sight of God we become hard and dogmatic. We hurl our own petitions at God’s throne and dictate to Him as to what we wish Him to do. We do not worship God, nor do we seek to form the mind of Christ. If we are hard towards God, we will become hard towards other people.
Diana Dentinger, Modus Vivendi: Your Life Your Way|You are not one type, nor belong to one category. You are a unique blend of personality needs. Live your needs for total life fulfillment.
James Salter|The idea of modernity is beginning to lose its vitality. It is losing it because modernity is no longer a critical attitude but an accepted, codified convention.
Bill Moyes|I think at the heart of so much restlessness of the day is a spiritual vacuum. There is a yearning for meaningful lives, a yearning for values we can commonly embrace. I hear an almost inaudible but pervasive discontent with the price we pay for our current materialism. And I hear a fluttering of hope that there might be more to life than bread and circuses.
Terry Pratchett, Thief of Time|When in doubt, choose to live.
H. Kirk Rainer, A Once and Always Father|If there is such a thing as depression and despair, I experienced it during the months leading-up to and following the divorce. Insomnia, constant and uncontrollable thoughts and a deep sense of loss were among the conditions of my life. Was I depressed? Yes, I was very much so and, what’s worse, was determined to do nothing immediately for it.
Joshua Ferris, To Rise Again at a Decent Hour|The idea that a dysfunctional thought could take root in a vacuum, the individual anonymous and wraithlike, unknowable because, especially at first, he or she had no interaction with other people. Because more and more in the modern Internet era you came across isolated instances of a mind virus or worm: brains that self-washed, bathed in received ideologies that came down from on high, ideologies that could remain dormant or hidden for years, silent as death until they struck. Almost anything could happen now, and did.
Delano Johnson, Rare Images of Love|I have a kind heart, I’m in love. It gets deeper with every kiss and every hug.
Mike  Norton|Dreams are what guide us, art is what defines us, math is what makes it all possible, and love is what lights our way.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|He was, however, unable to give much prolonged or continuous thought to anything that evening , or to concentrate on any one idea; and anyway, even if he had been able to, he would not have found his way to a solution of these questions in a conscious manner; now he could only feel. In place of dialectics life had arrived, and in his consciousness something of a wholly different nature must now work towards fruition.
Ayn Rand|He is free to evade reality, he is free to unfocus his mind and stumble blindly down any road he pleases, but not free to avoid the abyss he refuses to see.
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|People have moments of consciousness and epiphanies throughout their lives, but then suppress the realization.
Suzanne Collins|People sometimes forget how to be happy due to a "failure to grasp the simple truth that other people are as real as you. And only in a story could you enter these different minds and show how they had an equal footing. That was the only moral a story must have.
Clarice Lispector, Aprendizaje o El libro de los placeres|She was no longer the fair-haired, colourless girl whom I had seen at the church fifteen years before, but a stout, over-dressed lady, one of those ladies with no age, no character, no elegance, no wit, nor any of the attributes that constitute a woman. She was merely a mother, a fat, commonplace mother, the breeder, the human brood-mare, the procreating machine made of flesh, with no interests but her children and her cookery-book.
Taylor Sheridan|There's this constant guilt that comes with parenting. You always feel like you're never enough. If you're confident in your parenting, you probably suck at it.
D.R. Khashaba|The ruinous abdication by philosophy of its rightful domain is the consequence of the oblivion of philosophers to a great insight first beheld clearly by Socrates and re-affirmed by Kant as by no other philosopher. Science, concerned solely and exclusively with objective existents, cannot give answers to questions about meanings and values. Only ideas engendered by the mind and to be found nowhere but in the mind (Socrates), only the pure transcendental forms supplied by reason (Kant), can secure the ideals and values and put us in touch with the realities that constitute our moral and spiritual life. Twenty-four centuries after Socrates, two centuries after Kant, we badly need to re-learn the lesson.
J. M. Coetzee|Old stories sometimes slid out of her like lamp oil or light, stories containing details oblique and nearly incomprehensible to me or to anyone who has never known that world.
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|Regin had known the risk in coming here, but she wasn't fearful. As Lucia had also told her, "Sometimes I don't think you have the sense to be afraid when you should." Regin had interpreted that to mean, "You have no sense of fear, oh, great Reginleit.
Irvine Welsh|Okay baby, let's take this rocket to Uranus. This hoor is perfect, and she can act as well.
Nikki Rowe|Life is like a train going in circles, the train is comfortable - it has nice scenery, it provides warmth and food & for most a loving atmosphere. Most of the people stay on the train there entire lives, maybe every now and again they may peep out the door, some might even get off only to quickly realise they want back on. Then you have the rare ones who I aspire to be, those who are bored of the train - to them - the thought of living without it, is risky but the reward of tasting life outside of doors and walls excite them enough to try.
Fred David, Strategic Management:Concepts and Cases, Global Edition|As Waterman has noted: In today’s business environment, more than in any preceding era, the only constant is change. Successful organizations effectively manage change, continuously adapting their bureaucracies, strategies, systems, products, and cultures to survive the shocks and prosper from the forces that decimate the competition.
William Shakespeare, Measure for Measure|The tempter or the tempted, who sins most?
Larissa Ione, Desire Unchained|I appeal for cessation of hostilities, not because you are too exhausted to fight, but because war is bad in essence. You want to kill Nazism. You will never kill it by its indifferent adoption.
Bill Nye|Without a struggle, there can be no progress.
Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance|We keep moving. And as we do, the things around us, well, they disappear.
Kat Von D., Go Big or Go Home: Taking Risks in Life, Love, and Tattooing|A hero is not only a brave individual, but a brave individual that dares to be different.
Jon Acuff, Quitter: Closing the Gap Between Your Day Job and Your Dream Job|We didn't try to force God's hand or do the "I just heard a sermon about David and Goliath so I need to quit my job right this second" leap of faith that's so popular in Christian circles. We took our time with the decision, like another guy in the Bible, named Jesus. He spent thirty years in obscurity before he started his adventure. Often, we're not willing to spend thirty minutes in preparation, never mind thirty years, especially when we come home from a conference and find our day jobs waiting for us on Monday morning. I'm not sure why Christians sometimes think the maturation of our own missions will be radically shorter than that of Jesus. But it happens and in the past I've certainly wanted to take wild, unplanned, possibly-not-inspired-by-God leaps of faith.
J. Limbu|Colourful lips are pretty, child but they also speak colourful lies.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|War, money and greed that is the modern heinous Trinity, and they are inseparable these days.
Sarah MacLean, Nine Rules to Break When Romancing a Rake|Peleus acknowledged this. "Yet other boys will be envious that you have chosen such a one. What will you tell them?" "I will tell them nothing." The answer came with no hesitation, clear and crisp. "It is not for them to say what I will do.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Hocus Pocus|So what indeed! The lesson I myself learned over and over again when teaching at the college and then the prison was the uselessness of information to most people, except as entertainment. If facts weren't funny or scary, or couldn't make you rich, the heck with them.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|...your soul can never be long going to the fixed stars, where I intend to settle; or else you may find me in the milky way.
Annmarie O'Connor, The Happy Closet|Excuses – the great enabler. Without them, we'd have no reason to shop when we shouldn't and every reason to feel guilty for doing so. Nothing like the aul 'dog ate my knickers' chestnut to manifest a new handbag at will (in which to deposit much-needed new knickers, of course).
Brandan Roberston, Nomad: A spirituality for travelling light|When we are able to systematise and theologise God down to a set of absolute theological principles, I believe that we lose something essential. When our faith becomes nothing more than a stagnant creed or unchanging statement of belief, we lose sight of the majesty and glory of God, the mystery and diversity that gives vibrancy to our faith.
Veronica Roth, The Transfer|Everyone was always hungry. The poorer you were, the hungrier you were, and with the hunger came weakness and irritability. It became difficult to think clearly and you needed to think clearly to work out how to survive the next day, how to get food. You were sure you could still work if you could find work, and you could look for it if only you could eat. But how were you going to get food, for yourself, for your children, for your wife or husband, for your parents? There were simply too many people within those walls for the calories that were let in. How were you to get food when there just wasn't enough of it? What were you going to have to do? With hunger of this severity came fatigue, a weakness that transcended tiredness and permeated your sinews and bones. As your limbs got ever lighter, they felt progressively heavier with each new day.
L. Frank Baum|Lions and tigers and Funkyoid, oh my!
Cesar Nikko Caharian III|If you're comfortable with solitude, being left out is not a problem
Tim Fargo|He had no tolerance for acts of betrayal or cruelty and lacked Angelo's taste for the minute details of a business deal. He was a man totally in the moment, who knew only to respond to the action with an action. He was a pure gangster.
Julia Quinn, The Duke and I|His mouth captured hers, trying to show her with his kiss what he was still learning to express in words. He loved her.He worshipped her. He'd walk across fire for her. He——still had the audience of her three brothers.Slowly breaking the kiss, he turned his face to the side. Anthony, Benedict, and Colin were still standing in the foyer.Anthony was studying the ceiling, Benedict was pretending to inspect his fingernails, and Colin was staring quite shamelessly.
Robert Kiyosaki|The U.S. automotive industry has been selling cars the same way for over 100 years, and there are many laws in place to govern exactly how that is to be accomplished.
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|Everything we have, everything we are, is a gift. How can we judge and shame ourselves if this is true?
Mae West|Not only must we be good, but we must also be good for something.
Anatole Broyard|It is extremely important that mass media, having freed from the relics of the Cold War, served for peace and dialogue between nations and religions, the rich and the poor, countries and continents.
Seth, George Sprott, 1894-1975|People claim that love is the deepest feeling, but don't you believe it. Loneliness is the most affecting of human emotions. Nothing makes life more vivid. If you wish to live in the moment, I recommend intense loneliness.
Erik Pevernagie|When you decide where you turn next in life, look beyond your thoughts, do not trust your emotions, and listen to your heart.
Mohamed ElBaradei|You are cruising along, and then technology changes. You have to adapt.
Sean Stewart, Nobody's Son|Look for Joy: that's God's echo, and his footprint. Happiness . . . happiness and wittiness and cleverness do not count for much when the darkness falls. Joy is tougher.
Shūsaku Endō, Silence|Indeed, the idea that doubt can be heroic, if it is locked into a structure as grand as that of the paintings of Cezanne's old age, is one of the keys to our century. A touchstone of modernity itself.
Kelly J. Cogswell, Eating Fire: My Life as a Lesbian Avenger|I begged Ana to shut them up, come out as Cuban, play the jail card. But she refused to claim that authority. 'It will mean you, as a Kentucky girl, have nothing valuable to say about Cuba. And Cubans have nothing to say about the rest of the world.
Banana Yoshimoto, The Lake|There was a real sense of comfort but at the same time it felt oddly tense. The feeling that every little things we said, these conversations, at any moment, they could stop being possible, and so they were precious, it was that feeling, and the sense of the miracle of this shared moment, here and now. Why were we so far apart, even when we are together? It was anice loneliness, like th sensation of washing your face with cold water.
Ernest Hemingway|This philistinism of interpretation is more rife in literature than in any other art. For decades now, literary critics have understood it to be their task to translate the elements of the poem or play or novel or story into something else. Sometimes a writer will be so uneasy before the naked power of his art that he will install within the work itself - albeit with a little shyness, a touch of the good taste of irony - the clear and explicit interpretation of it. Thomas Mann is an example of such an overcooperative author. In the case of more stubborn authors, the critic is only too happy to perform the job.
Molly Meadows|Mr. Acme comments that the new foodservice professionals in the cafeteria are two-headed carnival escapees and probably also wanted convicts. He expresses his deep conviction that the names they gave him are aliases and promises that if he finds one more cat whisker in his chicken almandine, he will hand them over to the police, whom, he is sure, will be glad to have them back.
Cristiane Serruya, Trust: Betrayed|We had everything: love, attention, the best money could buy, but we were taught that we had to first give to then receive.
Independent Zen|Change takes time self-discipline, resilience and calmness of mind.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|There are no dead ends in life, only dead end thinking.
Leah Raeder, Unteachable|I think our brain is our soul. I don’t believe in after-life and much less in a sort of buildings-like heaven, where you meet friends, enemies, relatives.
Otto Hahn|For a war to be just three conditions are necessary - public authority, just cause, right motive.
Albert Camus, A Happy Death|There is something divine in mindless beauty, and Mersault was particularly responsive to it.
Patrick J. Kennedy|Democrats have no agenda, no plan for the future, and no sense of leadership.
Prem Prakash, The Yoga of Spiritual Devotion A Modern Translation of the Narada Bhakti Sutras|Our stresses, anxieties, pains, and problems arise because we do not see the world, others, or even ourselves as worthy of love. (9)
Sarah J. Maas, Throne of Glass|Very well.""Say it.""Say what?""Say my name. Say, 'Very well, Dorian.'"She rolled her eyes. "If it pleases Your Magnanimous Holiness, I shall call you by your first name.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening: Daily Readings|A godly man often grows best when his worldly circumstances decay. He who follows Christ for his bag is a Judas; they who follow for loaves and fishes are children of the devil; but they who attend him out of love to himself are his own beloved ones. Lord, let me find my life in thee...!
Jill Bolte Taylor, My Stroke of Insight: A Brain Scientist's Personal Journey|Our visual field, the entire view of what we can see when we look out into the world, is divided into billions of tiny spots or pixels. Each pixel is filled with atoms and molecules that are in vibration. The retinal cells in the back of our eyes detect the movement of those atomic particles. Atoms vibrating at different frequencies emit different wavelengths of energy, and this information is eventually coded as different colors by the visual cortex in the occipital region of our brain. A visual image is built by our brain's ability to package groups of pixels together in the form of edges. Different edges with different orientations - vertical, horizontal and oblique, combine to form complex images. Different groups of cells in our brain add depth, color and motion to what we see.
Kurtis Blow|One of the differences between real documentaries and reality television, besides the artificial construct of reality television, is that the people who are recruited to be on those shows, and the people who are interested in going on those shows, basically want to be famous. Or maybe they can win a million dollars or something.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Upon the Midnight Clear|To be honest, as this world goes, is to be one man picked out of ten thousand.
David Foster Wallace|Look man, we'd probably most of us agree that these are dark times, and stupid ones, but do we need fiction that does nothing but dramatize how dark and stupid everything is? In dark times, the definition of good art would seem to be art that locates and applies CPR to those elements of what's human and magical that still live and glow despite the times' darkness. Really good fiction could have as dark a worldview as it wished, but it'd find a way both to depict this world and to illuminate the possibilities for being alive and human in it.
Bikram Choudhury|I've been a sports fan all my life, and like most other actors, I'm convinced I could have been a pro athlete if Hollywood hadn't come calling.
Peggy Noonan|If life were perfect, we would never learn anything. Thus, never appreciate life.
Mamur Mustapha|To be able to think freely isn't a crime, it's a gift. A real privilege; one not enjoyed by a vast majority of people globally, unfortunately.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|Remember, there are people who care for us: there are some who grow food for us, some who cook for us, some who take our trash out, some who keep us safe, some who call us late at night when it’s been a tough day and some who are right by our side the next morning when we are sick, some who smile at us, some who hold the door for us, some who compliment us, who back us, who pray for us. And, they can be friends and family and mentors and relatives and sometimes, in fact, most of the times, even perfect strangers. Let’s be grateful to each one of them, let’s be grateful to all those around us.
Shoryu Bradley|There is no "I" as such apart from others.
Grover Cleveland|Man is made or unmade by himself. By the right choice he ascends. As a being of power, intelligence, and love, and the lord of his own thoughts, he holds the key to every situation.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Envy: Instead of focusing on your own goals, your goal becomes throwing off the rails other people’s goals and at the end of the day you gain nothing but a mischievous satisfaction that you have destroyed someone’s dream
Hamilton Basso|(Vice President) Garner has taken his personal smallness, his lack of generosity, and forged it into a political principle. He has no imagination, no convictions, and he substitutes political cynicism for social understanding.
Ane Krstevska|Don’t let circumstances hold you down; You were born to be free. Sometimes it’s not the hard work that pays but what you’ve learned from it. Be happy! Be yourself, be free.
Mark Twain, Letters from the Earth|Thou shalt not commit adultry is a command which makes no distinction between the following persons. They are all required to obey it: children at birth. Children in the cradle. School children. Youths and maidens. Fresh adults. Older ones. Men and women of 40. Of 50. Of 60. Of 70. Of 80. Of 100. The command does not distribute its burden equally, and cannot. It is not hard upon the three sets of children.
Irving R. Kaufman|To the extent that the judicial profession becomes the daily routine of deciding cases on the most secure precedents and the narrowest grounds available, the judicial mind atrophies and its perspective shrinks.
Andrew Goodman|God tolerates even our stammering, and pardons our ignorance whenever something inadvertently escapes us - as, indeed, without this mercy there would be no freedom to pray.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|God has greater things in stock for us, but unless our great things are given away, we can't receive our greater things. Give big and you'll receive bigger!
T. M. Lakomy|Your gravity, your grace have turned a tideIn me, no lunar power can reverse;But in your narcoleptic eyes I spiedA sightlessness tonight: or something worse,A disregard that made me feel unmanned.Meanwhile, insomniac, I catch my breathTo think I saw my future traced in sandOne afternoon "as still, as carved, as death,”And pray for an oblivion so deepIt ends in transformation. Only dawnCan save me, flood this haunted house of sleepWith light, and drown the thoughts that nightly warn:Another lifetime is the least you’ll need, to traceThe guarded secrets of her gravity, her grace.
Alex Morgan|Sports uplift us. It's celebratory, gives us optimism and joy.
Michael J. Sandel, Liberalism and Its Critics|First, individual rights cannot be sacrificed for the sake of the general good, and second, the principles of justice that specify these rights cannot be premised on any particular vision of the good life. What justifies the rights is not that they maximize the general welfare or otherwise promote the good, but rather that they comprise a fair framework within which individuals and groups can choose their own values and ends, consistent with a similar liberty for others.
Mohsin Hamid, The Reluctant Fundamentalist|I did not grow up in poverty. But I did grow up with a poor boy's sense of longing, in my case not for what my family had never had, but for what we had had and lost.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Your hair is your halo, Wear it well!
Harlan Coben, Deal Breaker|The Democrats, fearful of his grassroots campaign, blamed him for the election of George W. Bush, an absurdity that found fertile ground among those who had abandoned rational inquiry for the thought-terminating clichés of television.
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|In order to fit our needs and wants, we are constantly adjusting and altering our behaviors and feelings. Metaphorically speaking, we are constantly giving birth to priorities; our priorities are perpetually reassessed and we perpetually adjust to accomplish them.Some call this "Change." I call it, improving ourselves by means through the inner self.
Katie McGarry, Pushing the Limits|You moved my head so that it was lying in your lap. "Keep your eyes open," you said. "Stay with me."I tried. It felt like I was using every muscle in my face. But I did it. I saw you from upside down, your lips above my eyes and your eyes above my lips. "Talk to me," you said. My throat felt like it was closing up, as if my skin had swollen, making my throat a lump of solid flesh. I gripped your hand. "Keep watching me, then," you said. "Keep listening.
Aristotle|The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance.
Jeremy Heimans|You shall always find what you created in your mind, for instance, a benevolent God or an evil Devil. Between them are countless facets. Therefore, concentrate on the depth of your consciousness and on what you consider to be positive and good.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The greater the humiliation, the greater the accolades.The greater the opposition, the greater the triumph.The greater the pain, the greater the blessing.The greater the loss, the greater the gain.The greater the danger, the greater the glory.
H.P. Lovecraft, The Thing on the Doorstep|It was at the outskirts of the world that the Old Things accumulated, like driftwood round the edges of the sea. ("The Troll")
Regina Griffin|Ish #19 "If your diet soda has zero calories, zero sugar and zero fat, what the hell are you drinking?
Malcolm X|Many people in this country who want to see us the minority, and who don’t want to see us taking too militant or too uncompromising a stand, are absolutely against the successful regrouping or organising of any faction in this country whose thought and whose thinking pattern is international rather than national… There’s a world wide revolution going on, it goes beyond Mississippi, it goes beyond Alabama, it goes beyond Harlem. What is it revolting against? The power structure. The American power structure? No. The French power structure? No. The English power structure? No. Then, what power structure? An international Western power structure.
Alex London, Guardian|Studies conducted in a city in Zimbabwe found that half of reported rape cases involve girls less than 15 years of age and that girls are most vulnerable to sexual abuse by male relatives, neighbors and school teachers.
Anita Brookner|Where knowledge ends, religion begins.
Jo Ann Yhard, The Fossil Hunter of Sydney Mines|Fozzie Bear: [holds up a photo of Constantine] Check this out![covers the mole]Walter: Oh, look, it's Kermit![Fozzie uncovers the mole]Walter: [shrieks] What did you do with Kermit?
Bertrand Russell|The sentences still form in my mind, and thoughts still do their little show-off dance, but I know my thought patterns so well now that they don't bother me anymore. My thoughts have become like old neighbors, kind of bothersome but ultimately rather endearing - Mr. and Mrs. Yakkity-Yak and their three dumb children, Blah, Blah and Blah. But they don't agitate my home. There's room for all of us in this neighborhood.
John Ralston Saul|It is impossible, in our condition of Society, not to be sometimes a Snob.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam|Leadership is an individual sport, one that has to be fine-tuned to each of the people that reports to you. Leaders also need to provide the direction, energy, encouragement and inspiration for each person who reports directly to the leader as well as for the overall organization.
Chris Kurtz, The Adventures of a South Pole Pig: A novel of snow and courage|I was seeking comic originality, and fame fell on me as a by-product. The course was more plodding than heroic: I did not strive valiantly against doubters but took incremental steps studded with a few intuitive leaps.
Shannon L. Alder|You will never accept gratitude as a solution to your problems, until you have reached the last stage of grief--acceptance.
Peter V. Brett, The Warded Man|Was this what she had shattered convention for; broken with her family, her friends? Everything she had ever known; doomed herself to eternal damnation, for the sake of what she had believed would be heaven on earth, and had turned out to be hell, here and now?
J. Sidlow Baxter, Baxter's Explore the Book|Just like the notion of "Internet natives", who have never known a world without Internet access, we, who have lived our entire lives with video games, can be known as "video game natives.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Life among clones would not be worth living, and a sane person will only rejoice that others have abilities that they do not share. That should be elementary.
James P. Blaylock, Night Relics|I refuse to suffer the torment of regret that comes from living a "what if" life.
David D. Flowers|If women patronize the wheel the number of buyers will be twice as large. If women ride they must, when riding, dress more rationally than they have been wont to do. If they do this many prejudices as to what they may be allowed to wear will melt away. Reason will gain upon precedent and ere long the comfortable, sensible, and artistic wardrobe of the rider will make the conventional style of woman's dress absurd to the eye and unenduring to the understanding. A reform often advances most rapidly by indirection. An ounce of practice is worth a ton of theory; and the graceful and becoming costume of woman on the bicycle will convince the world that has brushed aside the theories, no matter how well constructed, and the arguments, no matter how logical, of dress-reformers.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|My lover, best friend and husband, Sweetheart, every time you think of me, say a prayer for me!
James Jean-Pierre|Tulga Demir and his company Demir Energy, LLC have successfully completed a special journey which can change the lives of many people…the creation of clean and green energy.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Problem with Forever|Don't you see that the whole aim of Newspeak is to narrow the range of thought?.... In fact there will be no thought, as we understand it now. Orthodoxy means not thinking — not needing to think. Orthodoxy is unconsciousness.
Vladislav Tamarov, Afghanistan: A Russian Soldier's Story|When I came home, I was asked to put my pictures in a photo exhibit at the Cinematography College ... my pictures won first prize. I began to ask myself what I was doing, and why. A few months after the exhibit, I dropped out of college, left my wife and began to write this book.
Dean Koontz, Deeply Odd|There’s just something unsettling about studying your reflection. It’s not a matter of being dissatisfied with your face or of being embarrassed by your vanity. Maybe it’s that when you gaze into your own eyes, you don’t see what you wish to see—or glimpse something that you wish weren’t there.
Joe Peters, Cry Silent Tears: The Heartbreaking Survival Story of a Small Mute Boy Who Overcame Unbearable Suffering and Found His Voice Again|I guess to their wide, innocent eyes it all seemed like normal family life because they had never known any different. In fact, I was the only one who had lived with anyone else, the only one that realized that life didn't have to be this terrifying and this painful all the time
Tim Finchem|My dad was such a bigot. He was a horrible, self-centred person. He was really racist and he'd talk about the Jews and blacks and Catholics even.
Montesquieu|There is no virtue or vice in a transitive verb, everything depends on the direct object. 'I LOVE' could be virtuous or not - you could love ice cream, Jesus, child porn, my country, hurting people, the lust of the flesh. Love is not an automatic virtue. Hatred is not an automatic vice. What's the direct object? from Debate In The Age Of The Glitter-Bomb in The City, Fall 2013.
Wes Anderson|At a time when the GOP is playing games with the debt limit, a member of the Supreme Court is refusing to recuse himself from matters he has a financial interest in, and middle class incomes are stagnant, many want to change the subject. I don't. This was a prank, and a silly one. I'm focused on my work.
Debasish Mridha|Virtue creates reputation, but action brings success.
Daisy Donovan|I wanted to emulate my parents - Mum captained India in basketball, and Dad won a bronze in hockey in 1972 Olympics. My focus has always been to achieve excellence whether in the field of tennis, in the corporate field, in the art of acting or in motivating youngsters.
Sarah Ockler, Bittersweet|Yet, the quest for knowledge will overcome us and we must know. And, at last, we must see where the road ends, even if it be the cliff.
Ronie Kendig, Crown of Souls|She might not be as hard-hitting as Tzivia, but she had a depth of sincerity and gentleness that he appreciated. Needed. She cared about people. In the war of life, she was the medic and he the guy on the front lines fighting.
Sachin sawariya|If we want to stay Happily in this world and also after world.Then make home But Not Only on the ground, make home in the heart
Do Won Chang|I tend to say faith is believing in life, and as I love life, I try to do the best with it, make it as serene and joyous as possible.
Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot|The imagination doesn’t crop annually like a reliable fruit tree. The writer has to gather whatever’s there: sometimes too much, sometimes too little, sometimes nothing at all. And in the years of glut there is always a slatted wooden tray in some cool, dark attic, which the writer nervously visits from time to time; and yes, oh dear, while he’s been hard at work downstairs, up in the attic there are puckering skins, warning spots, a sudden brown collapse and the sprouting of snowflakes. What can he do about it?
Kirk Hammett|And I think there's something about conservatives frankly - and the Left, when it comes to their channels of persuasion, are unpersuasive. They are, most of them are hate-filled, obscenity-clogged rants of anger and hatred.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|Often people request prayers for deliverance, inner healing, or physical healing. But more frequently they simply want a man or woman to whom they can turn--not because of what this person is able to do but because of what he or she is: a person who makes them feel wanted, a friend to love them, one who generates an atmosphere of warmth and trust in which they are able to love in return.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|And out of that hopeless attempt has come nearly all that we call human history—money, poverty, ambition, war, prostitution, classes, empires, slavery—the long terrible story of man trying to find something other than God which will make him happy.
Stephen Jones, Zombie Apocalypse!|We live, if we still do live, in a Sea of Chaos, out of which any fucking monster can evolve.
Omar El Akkad, American War|In the whole history of my letters, of my liking boys, not once has a boy liked me back at the same time as I liked him. It was always me alone, longing after a boy, and that was fine, that was safe
George Foreman|Seven hundred thousand people who have dementia in this country are not heard. I'm fortunate; I can be heard. Regrettably, it's amazing how people listen if you stand up in public and give away $1 million for research into the disease, as I have done.
Axel Munthe|A man can stand a lot as long as he can stand himself. He can live without hope, without friends, without books, even without music, as long as he can listen to his own thoughts.
Clara Kensie, Aftermath|My friend Bailey is looking at me with tears in her eyes and a smile of pure joy. She sees me, the real me, not the broken little bird that my mother sees, or the Ambassador of Hope that my father sees, or the girl who was stupid enough to walk off with a stranger and ruin everyone's lives that my sister sees. Bailey sees me as I want to be: a normal, non-newsworthy, non-broken, non-victimized sixteen-year-old girl.
Tanya Masse, Stairway to Awesomeness!: 30 Fundamental Steps to Living a Life of Awesomeness!|Sweetie, you don't need to drive me to the brink of insanity... I'm close enough to walk!
Tales of Mere Existence|My father once told methat there are no gods;only the cruel manipulationsof evil peoplewho pretended that their power was goodand their exploitation was love.But if there are no gods;why are we so hungry to believe in them?Just because evil liarsstand between us and the godsand block our view of themdoes not mean that the bright halothat surrounds each liaris not the outer edges of a god, waitingfor us to find our way around the lie.
Dante Alighieri, Inferno|You can wake up every day looking forward to new adventures with hope smiling brightly before you because you have a Savior. You are baptized in His Church.... You just need to stay in, pressing forward with a brightness of hope to your heavenly home.
Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra|.. is there not one true coin for which all things ought to exchange?- and that is wisdom; and only in exchange for this, and in company with this, is anything truly bought or sold, whether courage, temperance or justice. And is not all true virtue the companion of wisdom, no matter what fears or pleasures or other similar goods or evils may or may not attend her? But the virtue which is made up of these goods, when they are severed from wisdom and exchanged with one another, is a shadow of virtue only, nor is there any freedom or health or truth in her; but in the true exchange there is a purging away of all these things, and temperance, and justice, and courage, and wisdom herself, are a purgation of them.
George Orwell, 1984|They were governed by private loyalties which they did not question. What mattered were individual relationships, and a completely helpless gesture, an embrace, a tear, a word spoken to a dying man, could have value in itself
Mehmet Murat ildan|When the unexpected meets with the unprepared, over there we find the greatest astonishments!
Imam Ali Ibn Abi Talib|Nothing was more nauseating than people who constantly complained about their life, but did nothing about it.
G.K. Chesterton|If a thing is worth doing, it is worth doing badly.
Thomas Paine|I don't go by my caste, creed or religion. My works speak for me.
Indu Muralidharan, The Reengineers|Some issues are not meant to be secret, Keep talking.
Andrea Tomić|The most enduring and galvanizing ideas and values of our civilization are embedded in our stories, from those of Homer, […] and Virgil, […] and to Jesus. It seems to be in our genetic makeup to capture our best ideas in stories, to enjoy them, to learn form them, and to pass them on to others (25)
Mamie Thornbrue|Religion is a belief or a curriculum. It can't hurt people or start wars. People hurt people, and people start wars. The real problem is the narcissist, for he can't control his anger and believes no one else is entitled to their own opinion or beliefs .
Stormie Omartian, The Prayer That Changes Everything: The Hidden Power of Praising God|There’s so much to be grateful for, and praising God for giving you His Spirit is a great place to begin.Even if you don’t think you have much to be grateful for right now, know that you can always praise God for the Holy Spirit’s presence in your life!
Rasheed Ogunlaru|A few simple tips for life: feet on the ground, head to the skies, heart open...quiet mind
Ben Tolosa, Masterplan Your Success|We can be competitive and aim to destroy our opponent or competition, but we can still respect our rivals and even be friends.
David Bowie|They say that a near death experience makes a person see a flash of their past, but that hasn't happened to me at all.
Jay McLean, More Than Forever|That's why they call it a heartbreak. Because you really feel like your heart is breaking. It's not just an emotion pain, it's a physical pain too.
Angelica Hopes|O bliss of the collector, bliss of the man of leisure! Of no one has less been expected and no one has had a greater sense of well-being than... a collector. Ownership is the most intimate relationship one can have to objects. No t that they come alive in him; it is he who comes alive in them.
Sherry Rentschler, Midnight Assassin: A Tale of Lust and Revenge|An ancient gate, sealed by the powers of Light and Darkness, barred the way to the Pillars beyond. To depart this place and continue my journey, I would have to find the means to open it.
Laini Taylor, Strange the Dreamer|If you're afraid of your own dreams, you're welcome here in mine.
Arthur Schopenhauer|ethics is at the center of both spiritual practice and social transformation. Without a strong ethical foundation, we inevitably fall into contradictions-between means and ends, between our actions and our ideals." (p. 9)
Debbi Fields|Men make counterfeit money; in many more cases, money makes counterfeit men.
Nick Harkaway, Angelmaker|Ingenious philosophers tell you, perhaps, that the great work of the steam-engine is to create leisure for mankind. Do not believe them: it only creates a vacuum for eager thought to rush in. Even idleness is eager now—eager for amusement; prone to excursion-trains, art museums, periodical literature, and exciting novels; prone even to scientific theorizing and cursory peeps through microscopes. Old Leisure was quite a different personage. He only read one newspaper, innocent of leaders, and was free from that periodicity of sensations which we call post-time. He was a contemplative, rather stout gentleman, of excellent digestion; of quiet perceptions, undiseased by hypothesis; happy in his inability to know the causes of things, preferring the things themselves. He lived chiefly in the country, among pleasant seats and homesteads, and was fond of sauntering by the fruit-tree wall and scenting the apricots when they were warmed by the morning sunshine, or of sheltering himself under the orchard boughs at noon, when the summer pears were falling. He knew nothing of weekday services, and thought none the worse of the Sunday sermon if it allowed him to sleep from the text to the blessing; liking the afternoon service best, because the prayers were the shortest, and not ashamed to say so; for he had an easy, jolly conscience, broad-backed like himself, and able to carry a great deal of beer or port-wine, not being made squeamish by doubts and qualms and lofty aspirations.
Carol S. Dweck|When you enter a mindset, you enter a new world. In one world--the world of fixed traits--success is about proving you're smart or talented. Validating yourself. In the other--the world of changing qualities--it's about stretching yourself to learn something new. Developing yourself.
Barack Obama|Well I think in a marriage you have to be honest and ask yourself, you know, what is my role? What is my responsibility?
M.F. Moonzajer|If it hadn't been what it was, it would've been beautiful.
C.J. Hill, Slayers|In response to my question about how we might rein in the empire, he said, "That's why I'm meeting with you. Only you in the United States can change it. Your government created this problem and your people must solve it. You've got to insist that Washington honor its commitment to democracy, even when deomcratically elected leaders nationalize your corrupting corporations. You must take control of your corporations and your government. The people of the United States have a great deal of power. You need to come to grips with this. There's no alternative. We in Brazil have our hands tied. So do the Venezeulans. And the Nigerians. It's up to you.
L.L. Barkat, The Novelist|Upon the one thing every writer absolutely must have, and that is intellectual curiosity.
Eric Hoffer|You just don't go out when you're over 55 years of age, have a colossal failure, and expect to find work in your field again.
Bel Arnesto|Ancients pulled metals more precious than gold from the center of the earth - They spun into giant lacy wings that flew them to the stars and back "Is that what you'd do with wings?"She shook her head "No, I'd fly to the stars, but I'd never come back
Lailah Gifty Akita|The longer the wondering, the longer the writing.
C.S. Lewis|If we find ourselves with a desire that nothing in this world can satisfy, the most probable explanation is that we were made for another world.
Bertrand Russell|We have really, that I know of, no philosophical basis for high and low. Moreover, the vegetable kingdom does not culminate, as the animal kingdom does. It is not a kingdom, but a common-wealth; a democracy, and therefore puzzling and unaccountable from the former point of view.
Terry A. O'Neal|Everyone will not favor you or respect your beliefs, passion and purpose--so be it. But do not allow the views of others to hinder your quest. Remain steadfast.
Deborah Ann|Where Destiny sets its path,Fate shall follow...:
Seja Majeed|I fell in love with you like the stars fell in love with the sky, without you I am empty and bare.
B.J. Daniels, Dark Horse|Gunfire cracked around them.	“Just warning shots,” he yelled.	“How do you know?”	“We’re not dead.
Paul Knott|My grandfather created a fortune that allowed him to live in luxury. He also went on to build the first industrial building in an area of San Paulo that eventually became one of the largest wholesale neighborhoods in the world. When my grandfather passed away, he left millions of dollars to my family as an inheritance. That inheritance, however, would have been worthless if he had not also given us his legacy of personal responsibility and work ethic. My grandfather refused to be defined by others, therefore setting not only the value of his product, but also of himself and his family.
John Milton, Comus|How charming is divine Philosophy! Not harsh, and crabbed as dull fools suppose, But musical as is Apollo's lute, And a perpetual feast of nectar'd sweets, Where no crude surfet raigns.
William Lyon Phelps|All generalizations are false, including this one.
Bobby Heenan|I.B.M. was my college education, effectively. They were very good at teaching you management.
Kerry Greenwood, Raisins and Almonds|I wonder if I brought my Silly-cat in…could you tell me what she’s thinking?’‘I can tell you what she’s thinking right now, no touching necessary,’ I drawled. ‘She’s thinking if she were three times her size, she would eat you.’ …Every cat that was awake when I’d smoothed its fur with a bare hand thought that. Every cat I touched that was asleep dreamed that.
Tucker Max|A good host is someone who really takes care of everyone, from the food to their daily programme. I can't.
Donna Lynn Hope, Willow|We have reached the end of the road that is built on the set of traits held out for male identity--advance at any cost, pay any price, drive out all competitors, and kill them if necessary.... we have arrived at a point from which we must seek a basis of faith in connection-- and not only faith but recognition that it is a requirement for the existence of human beings.
Rachel Cohn, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|Cinderella was such a dork. She left behind her glass slipper at the ball and then went right back to her step-monster's house. It seems to me she should have worn the glass slipper always, to make herself easier to find. I always hoped that after the prince found Cinderella and they rode away in their magnificent carriage, after a few miles she turned to him and said, "Could you drop me off down the road please? Now that I've finally escaped my life of horrific abuse, I'd like to see something of the world, you know?... I'll catch back up with you later, Prince, once I've found my own way.
Mikhail Bulgakov, The Master and Margarita|Most bad," the host concluded. "If you ask me, something sinister lurks in men who avoid wine, games, the company of lovely women, and dinnertime conversation. Such people are either gravely ill or secretly detest everyone around them.
Sandra Vischer, Unliving the Dream|The woman who is my best friend, my teacher, my everything: Mom.
Debasish Mridha|On Easter day let us promise to resurrect, transcend, and transform our conscience for the happiness of mankind.
Lindsay Detwiler, Voice of Innocence|No matter how far apart we may be, no matter what dreams we may chase after individually, I want you to know that you will always be my first priority. I will always, always love you.
Letitia Elizabeth Landon|The heart will break, but broken live on.
E.M. Forster|Understanding and love aren't two separate things, they're just one.
John F. Kennedy|You're not supposed to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality. Wrong is wrong, no matter who says it.
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|At first, feminists were assumed to be only discontented suburban housewives; then a small bunch of women's "libbers", bra burners, and radicals; then women on welfare; then briefcase carrying imitations of male executives; then unfulfilled women who forgot to have children; then women voters...that really could decide elections. That last was too dangerous, so suddenly we were told we were in a "postfeminist" age...
Juliet Marillier, Seer of Sevenwaters|We cannot know the future. All we can do is face it bravely. We should take heed of those we love and respect. But in the end, we make every decision alone.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Work is simply, “force x distance” or the product of a force applied to an object and the displacement of the object in the direction of the applied force…holding an object in the air does not involve any work, no matter how painful your hand will be after a few minutes… reflect on your daily activities and the results from them. Are you really working or just increasing your potential without progress or desired results? Your work must produce some movement, progress and change, by effectively using all your energies whether intellectual or physical.
Howard Schultz, Onward: How Starbucks Fought for Its Life without Losing Its Soul|There are moments in our lives when we summon the courage to make choices that go against reason, against common sense and the wise counsel of people we trust.
Curtis Tyrone Jones|When the doors begin to close, the mind begins to open.
D.R. Silva|Here is a very simple and trustworthy saying that deserves full acceptance: If it's not about Christ, it's not Christianity.
Jennifer E. Smith, The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight|I'm taking the chance, walking away, breaking the rules nobody here can tell me what to do.
Michael Bassey Johnson, The Infinity Sign|The more we lie to ourselves about how we are contributing to our problems, the more harm we will cause to ourselves and our relationships because we will blame others for undesirable aspects of our lives instead of taking responsibility for our role.
D. Morgenstern|As you have seen the treachery of love because of me, I have seen my cruelty because of you. But you learned mercy from me, and from you I learned resilience. As you came to understand me enough to know the value I placed on selfless love, I understand your nature better.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Two Sisters|Stop tormenting Derian.”“Me?” Edgar gaped at her with a clearly fake look of innocence.“Yes, you.”“And what about you? When will you stop tormenting him?” Edgar moved past the young queen to approach the unmoving captain. He circled the man as though he were checking out a statue on display “I’m not tormenting him; why would you say that?”“You have the poor guy believing you actually intend to marry him.” Edgar stopped to fix the captain’s collar, raising it up high and stiff around his
Allie Brosh|When I say that deciding to not kill myself was the worst part, I should clarify that I don’t mean it in a retrospective sense. From where I am now, it seems like a solid enough decision. But at the time, it felt like I had been dragging myself through the most miserable, endless wasteland, and—far in the distance—I had seen the promising glimmer of a slightly less miserable wasteland.
Anne Rice, Prince Lestat and the Realms of Atlantis|This, too, was myself. It seemed natural and human. In my eyes it bore a livelier image of the spirit, it seemed more express and single, than the imperfect and divided countenance I had been hitherto accustomed to call mine. And in so far I was doubtless right. I have observed that when I wore the semblance of Edward Hyde, none could come near to me at first without a visible misgiving of the flesh. This, as I take it, was because all human beings, as we meet them, are commingled out of good and evil: and Edward Hyde, alone in the ranks of mankind, was pure evil.
Courtney Summers, Fall for Anything|I hate that I'm so numb and empty and disconnected from most of these people but even I can see worth in stupid little moments like these. These people aren't even my family, but I can see their value and if I can see it in something this small, when I feel this bad, then---Then why didn't he?
MK PRINCE|Heroes betray us. By having them, in real life, we betray ourselves.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|Your ability to make me feel like I was less than I was, took awhile to recover from. But after ripping my own self worth to shreds for so long, I realized that I wasn't less just because I was more than your inexperienced hands could handle.
Peter Clines, 14|If you ever find yourself coming out of a time machine, run. Run away as fast you can. Don't stop. Don't try to talk. Nothing good can come out of it." narrator Charles Yu, not author Charles Yu p19
Genie Frisbee, Invented August: An Imperfect Escape to Capri|Six nervous wives at the sink, each quiet as a queen on a chessboard.
Sofia Samatar, The Winged Histories|All bleed who fight with the sword. All confront, with greater or lesser difficulty, the worship of their own flesh. The swordmaiden faces particular obstacles in this matter: she will have seen, in the temples and elsewhere, many images of unscarred women.
Jiten Bhatt|It is important that we learn to smile,Life will anyway teach us to cry!
James Gould Cozzens, Castaway|The fact that they viewed their wealth as a result of their own hands, without any honor other than lip service being given to the god that had blessed them, gave perfect openings to the liars slithering up their legs.
Bob Dylan|We are a race prone to monsters, she thought, and when we produce one we worship it.
Paulo Coelho, Brida|Satan's masterpiece of counterfeiting is the doctrine that there are only two choices, and he will show us what they are. It is true that there are only two ways, but by pointing us the way he wants us to take and then showing us a fork in that road, he convinces us that we are making the vital choice, when actually we are choosing between branches in his road. Which one we take makes little difference to him, for both lead to destruction. This is the polarization we find in the world today. Thus we have the choice between Shiz and Coriantumr-- which all the Jaredites were obliged to make. We have the choice between the wicked Lamanites (and they were that) and the equally wicked (Mormon says "more wicked") Nephites. Or between the fleshpots of Egypt and the stews of Babylon, or between the land pirates and the sea pirates of World War I, or between white supremacy and black supremacy, or between Vietnam and Cambodia, or between Bushwhachers and Jayhawkers, or between China and Russia, or between Catholic and Protestant, or between fundamentalist and atheist, or between right and left-- all of which are true rivals who hate each other. A very clever move of Satan!-- a subtlety that escapes us most of the time. So I ask Latter-day Saints, "What is your position frankly (I'd lake to take a vote here) regarding the merits of cigarettes vs. cigars, wine vs. beer, or heroin vs. LSD?" It should be apparent that you take no sides. By its nature the issue does not concern you. It is simply meaningless as far as your life is concerned. "What, are you not willing to stand up and be counted?" No, I am not. The Saints took no sides in that most passionately partisan of wars, the Civil War, and they never regretted it.
Julianne Moore|People change their opinion according to your position. And both politicians and bureaucrats begin to take you more seriously, as they suddenly feel you have become more important.
Erin Hunter|The only true borders lie between day and night, between life and death, between hope and loss.
Ron Garan, The Orbital Perspective: Lessons in Seeing the Big Picture from a Journey of 71 Million Miles|If we adopt the same collaborative mindset and practices that got to the moon and back, and that built the International Space Station, we can alleviate poverty—and do much more.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|We, in the interest of the so-called progress, have been persuaded to leave the production and at times the cooking of our food to companies whose owners and employees make a living by exploiting our busyness or laziness and our innate hunger to continue living.
H. Rider Haggard, She|Yea, all things live forever, though at times they sleep and are forgotten.
Tom Frieden|Julia, I promise to love you, to cherish you, in sickness and in health. No matter what, I will be there for you and our family. I promise not to make the social media another member of our family.
Robert Kiyosaki|I seek truth over a lie; I seek justice over injustice; I seek righteousness over the rewards of evildoers, and I love Allah more than I love the state.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Probably I'm boring, but I have a reason about it and I'm doing behind this, so take it, like it's a fake face.
Ted Chiang|Science fiction is very well suited to asking philosophical questions; questions about the nature of reality, what it means to be human, how do we know the things that we think we know.
Marie Force, Line of Scrimmage|We found Trent and pulled him off the leggy girl. “Trent, it’s time to get home before your parents realize we snuck out.” I said. “What?” he asked confusedly. “Plus the bouncer found out we were sixteen and he does not look happy.” Logan added. The girl froze, “You’re sixteen? What the hell. You little perv, you’re going to pay for this.” Trent sputtered, “What? No.” Logan looked at her all doe eyed innocence and said “Sorry Ma’am, we have to get home now because it’s past our curfew.” Trent stood open mouthed in shock but his eyes were shooting murderous rays.  So many death glares, so little time.
Virginia Satir|Friendships in childhood are usually a matter of chance, whereas in adolescence they are most often a matter of choice.
Abraham Lincoln|Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally.
Peter Singer, Practical Ethics|Suppose that we believe that in 200 years, people would be prepared to pay a million dollars (that's in today's dollars, not inflated ones) to be able to have an unspoilt valley. Now imagine that today we can profit by cutting down the forest in the valley, which will never regrow. If we apply an annual discount rate of 5 percent, compounded exponentially, how big would that profit have to be to justify the loss of a million dollars in 2210? The answer, surprisingly, is just sixty dollars! That's all that a million dollars in 200 years is worth, at that rate of discount. Obviously, then, if we use a 5 percent discount rate, values gained one thousand years in the future scarcely count at all. This is not because of any uncertainty about whether there will be human beings or other sentient creatures inhabiting this planet at that time, but merely because of the compounding effect of the rate of return on money invested now.
Deyth Banger|Okay this guy looks like nerves, this guy sounds like angry, so the first will be the victim the angry guy more is suitable for a killer, isn't he?Angry stage, a stage in which you can do everything and when you become victim you start to feel sorry.
Seth Godin, Poke the Box|though the wide universe is full of good, no kernel of nourishing corn can come to him but through his toil bestowed on that plot of ground which is given to him to till.
Amit Ray, Beautify your Breath - Beautify your Life|Look at the universe! What do you see? An order? Tranquillity? A divine peace? You fool! You ignorant! Over there, galaxies are colliding, suns are exploding, black holes swallowing stars! Now look at the universe again! What do you see? A disorder? Chaos? Anything savage? You see a hell? Now, you see the truth!
Lillian Hellman, The Little Foxes|Ah, Caderousse,' said Andrea, 'how covetous you are! Two months ago you were dying with hunger.''The appetite grows by what it feeds on,' said Caderousse.
Felicity Brandon, Hide & Seek|A sound from upstairs sends my thought process reeling. It’s just a small noise, perhaps the sound of your feet brushing the crimson carpet in the bedroom? It’s not loud or menacing, but it sends a wave of adrenaline crashing through me. You’re on your way!
Dada Bhagwan|As long as you are the owner (‘I am Chandubhai and all this is mine’), the worldly life remains. When does the ownership go away? When the wrong belief goes away.
Brian Staveley, The Providence of Fire|This is what we are for, Alin,” the older guardsman said, turning to his companion. Adare had never heard anyone use Birch’s first name. She hadn’t even known it herself. “Our lives for hers. If she refuses this, there’s no saying what the zealots will do to her.”“There’s no saying what the zealots will do if she agrees,” Birch pointed out. “We can’t save her if we’re dead.”“That is a risk that the princess will have to assess for herself. Our duty is to serve.”“I thought service meant fighting,” Birch protested, but the anger had gone out of him. Resignation thinned his voice.“Sometimes, Alin,” Fulton replied, nodding. “And sometimes it means dying.
Mansi Soni|You've turned out good.You've made me proud, Markos.I am fifty-five years old. I have waited all my life to hear those words. Is it too late now for this? For us? Have we squandered too much for too long? Part of me thinks it is better to go on as we have, to act as though we don't know how ill suited we have been for each other. Less painful that way. Perhaps better than this belated offering. This fragile, trembling little glimpse of how it could have been between us. All it will beget is regret, I tell myself, and what good is regret? It brings back nothing. What we have lost is irretrievable.
Christine Johnson, Claire de Lune|Most locals knew who Della Lee was. She waitressed at a greasy spoon called Eat and Run, which was tucked far enough outside the town limits that the ski-crowd tourists didn’t see it. She haunted bars at night. She was probably in her late thirties, maybe ten years older than Josey, and she was rough and flashy and did whatever she wanted—no reasonable explanation required. “Della Lee Baker, what are you doing in my closet?” “You shouldn’t leave your window unlocked. Who knows who could get in?” Della Lee said, single-handedly debunking the long-held belief that if you dotted your...
Tarun Sharma|The more risk you can take upfront in life, the better off you will be later.
Katee Robert, Seducing the Bridesmaid|It's okay if you're intimidated by my overwhelming masculinity. I promise to take good care of you.""How sweet of you. But let's be honest. I'd ruin you for other women, and I'm just too nice to do that to an adorable thing like you.
Philippa Gregory|I am a mother-tired, but when my soul doth magnify, my time doth magnify.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Institutions have processes favoring efficiency over loss, and process over people.
-uchenna Durugo|A gun is to your head and you have one phone call. If they answer, You die. If they don't, you're free. Who are you calling ?
Alexandra Robbins, The Geeks Shall Inherit the Earth: Popularity, Quirk Theory and Why Outsiders Thrive After High School|Studies have shown that, at least among students, popularity equals visibility.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Her tragedy, if she had one, was to be as normal and average as any child ever born.
Abesh Das|The best feeling I have ever felt is by holding your handbecause it is the hand I am holding today,I will hold it tomorrow andit is the hand that will hold me when I will be old.#indrani(wifey)
Kay Kenyon, City Without End|This was the winter of 2008/9. Work was ongoing to reinstate a tram system in the city. A lot of people couldn’t see the point of trams and many more disliked the disruption. Streets were closed off. There was almost a sense of ‘apartheid’ as the roadworks made it difficult to move from New Town to Old Town and vice versa. Added to which, the weather was fairly grim. And the banks looked ready to implode.
John Milton, Comus|Well, I drank enough to sustain a small Spanish village, I haven't had an orgasm in a thousand years, and I will probably die old and alone in a beautifully designed apartment with all of Clive's illegitimate children swarming around me...How do you think I feel?
J. R. R. Tolkien|Anger, if not restrained, is frequently more hurtful to us than the injury that provokes it.
Rusty Schweickart|Sport-based video games occupy an odd space within the sphere of modern home entertainment. Reliably enjoyed by millions, the sport-based video game stands at what sometimes feels like an oblique angle from the larger medium, and in ways that can be hard to articulate.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Let the water flow beneath the bridge; let men be men, that is to say, weak, vain, inconstant, unjust, false, and presumptuous; let the world be the world still; you cannot prevent it. Let every one follow his own inclination and habits; you cannot recast them, and the best course is, to let them be as they are and bear with them. Do not think it strange when you witness unreasonableness and injustice; rest in peace in the bosom of God; He sees it all more clearly than you do, and yet permits it. Be content to do quietly and gently what it becomes you to do, and let everything else be to you as though it were not.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|We are sometimes astounded by the behavior of emotional outlaws, as they act in line with their own standards, but proceed like bulls-in-a-china-shop, create one heck of a mess in their living environment and bring about shocking disturbing dissensions, ever since their inner construction clashes with our emotional architecture. (“Disruption”)
lois bujord|When the society missteps, the youths are the first to fall sideways.
Henry Adams, The Education of Henry Adams|A new friend is always a miracle, but at thirty-three years old, such a bird of paradise rising in the sage-brush was an avatar. One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible.
George Orwell, Why I Write|This is an emotional request to the for-profit startups I help to build, strategize, and monetize. I do it for free because I care for you and your vision. I don't take an equity or a salary despite knowing that you and your investors will make money, and loads of it, eventually. I help because I care. Please remember, to pay back. Not to me, but to the world. Preferably, donate to a non-profit which will never receive the investments that you can and you are; donate to children and youth who want to do good things, to families that need you, to social startups that sweat day in and day out to bring smiles, and to anyone who cares for PEOPLE more than PROFITS. My salary will be drawn. I will be paid back in full. Thank you!
Ruskin Bond, A Little Book of Life|Hapiness is as exclusive as a butterfly, and you must never pursue it. If you stay very still, it may come and settle on your hand. But only briefly. Savour those moments, for they will not come in your way very often.
Randy Alcorn, Money, Possessions and Eternity|Melancholy in a capitalist, like the appearance of a comet, presages some misfortune to the world.
Charlotte Eriksson|The mind of a writer can be a truly terrifying thing. Isolated, neurotic, caffeine-addled, crippled by procrastination, consumed by feelings of panic, self-loathing, and soul-crushing inadequacy. And that’s on a good day.
C.S. Lewis|It must be a really great book because one can read it as a boy in one way, and then re-read it in middle life and get something very different out of it - and that to my mind is one of the best tests.
Mark Cuban|My brothers were funny, and there was a lot of shtick and comedy and nastiness and violence and fighting and sports.
Eckhart Tolle, The Power of Now: A Guide to Spiritual Enlightenment|Nick drank the coffee, the coffee according to Hopkins. The coffee was bitter. Nick laughed. It made a good ending to the story. His mind was starting to work. He knew he could choke it because he was tired enough. He spilled the coffee out of the pot and shook the grounds loose into the fire. He lit a cigarette and went inside the tent. He took off his shoes and trousers, sitting on the blankets, rolled the shoes up inside the trousers for a pillow and got in between the blankets.Out through the front of the tent he watched the glow of the fire when the night wind blew on it. It was a quiet night. The swamp was perfectly quiet. Nick stretched under the blanket comfortably. A mosquito hummed close to his ear. Nick sat up and lit a match. The mosquito was on the canvas, over his head. Nick moved the match quickly up to it. The mosquito made a satisfactory hiss in the flame. The match went out. Nick lay down again under the blankets. He turned on his side and shut his eyes. He was sleepy. He felt sleep coming. He curled up under the blanket and went to sleep.
Kristen Proby, Safe with Me|I love you, Maddie, and I am devoted to making your life full of happiness and accomplishments, nurturing your creativity, encouraging your independence and making sure you always know what a gift you are to this world.” He kisses her forehead and she smiles up at him happily before admiring her pretty new necklace.
Ella Frank, Blind Obsession|I do not want to be the leader. I refuse to be the leader. I want to live darkly and richly in my femaleness. I want a man lying over me, always over me. His will, his pleasure, his desire, his life, his work, his sexuality the touchstone, the command, my pivot. I don’t mind working, holding my ground intellectually, artistically; but as a woman, oh, God, as a woman I want to be dominated. I don’t mind being told to stand on my own feet, not to cling, be all that I am capable of doing, but I am going to be pursued, fucked, possessed by the will of a male at his time, his bidding.
Todd Stocker|After six long hours of driving and three rest stops, Tiger pulls up to a snow-topped, metal speaker box just outside the State Penitentiary's first gate in Walla Walla. As he rolls down his window and snow flies in his face, Joshua starts begging for a Happy Meal.I turn around, snapping at him. "This ISN'T MCDONALDS and YOU AREN'T HUNGRY. NOW SHUT UP BRAT."A loud scratchy masculine voice blasts out of the speaker. "CAN I HELP YOU?"Tiger leans out the window, as he answers- We're here to visit Raven Chandler."HAVE YOU BEEN HERE BEFORE?""Yes sir. I've been here A LOT." "WHERE'S HIS MOTHER?""I don't know.. I haven't seen her in months.""NOT THE PRISONER'S MOTHER. THE BRAT IN THE BACK SEAT OF YOUR JEEP.""Oh- HIM-" As he turns, smiling and sticking his tongue out at Joshua, I lean towards his window to answer the guard's question. "SHE'S IN VEGAS, SIR. I'M BABYSITTING. HE'S MY GODSON." When the speaker remains disturbingly silent for far too long, I continue. "HE'S A GOOD BOY SIR. HE WON'T BE ANY TROUBLE- I SWEAR." "THAT'S RIGHT," Tiger said. "HE SWEARS ON THE LITTLE BRAT'S MOTHER'S GRAVE.
Himmilicious, Lemon Tea and White Safari|...It's not okay." He spoke jerkily, painfully. "I will hurt you, and I will leave you, and I will cheat on you.
Carrie Fisher, Wishful Drinking|Office Peone looked at John and wondered what mental illness he had. The Seattle streets were filled with the mostly-crazy, half-crazy, nearly crazy, and soon-to-be crazy. Indian, white, Chicano, Asian, men, women, children. The social workers did not have anywhere near enough money, training, or time to help them. The city government hated the crazies because they were a threat to the public image of the urban core. Private citizens ignored them at all times of the year except the few charitable days leading up to and following Christmas. In the end, the police had to do most of the work. Police did crisis counseling, transporting them howling to detox, the dangerous to jail, racing the sick to the hospitals, to a safer place. At the academy, Officer Peone figured he would be fighting bad guys. He did not imagine he would spend most of his time taking care of the refuse of the world. Peone found it easier when the refuse were all nuts or dumb-ass drunks, harder when they were just regular folks struggling to find their way off the streets.
David Wroblewski, The Story of Edgar Sawtelle|She had learned, in her life, that time lived inside you. You are time, you breathe time, though she hadn't understood why... Now she held inside her a cacophony of times and lately it drowned out the world.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When God opens a door no one will shut, When he shuts no one will open.
Jennifer Arnett, Divided: A Short Story|But that’s part of what makes America wonderful, is we always had this nagging dissatisfaction that spurs us on. That’s how we ended up going west, that’s how we--“I’m tired of all these people back east; if I go west, there’s going to be my own land and I’m not going to have to put up with this nonsense, and I’m going to start my own thing, and I’ve got my homestead.” ...It is true, though, that that restlessness and that dissatisfaction which has helped us go to the moon and create the Internet and build the Transcontinental Railroad and build our land-grant colleges, that those things, born of dissatisfaction, we can very rapidly then take for granted and not tend to and not defend, and not understand how precious these things are.
Vivien Leigh|Age has given me the gift of me; it just gave me what I was always longing for, which was to get to be the woman I've already dreamt of being. Which is somebody who can do rest and do hard work and be a really constant companion, a constant, tender-hearted wife to myself.
Vicente Huidobro, The Cubist Poets in Paris: An Anthology|Midnight"The hours glide Like drops of water on a window pane Midnight silence Fear unrolls in the air And the wind hides at the bottom of the well OH It's a leaf We think the earth is going to end Time stirs in the shadow Everyone is asleep A SIGH Inside the house someone has just died
Jodi Thomas, Welcome to Harmony|I'm tired of being your best friend. I'm tired of being second best. I won't settle for that anymore. It's all or nothing, Schuyler. You have to decide. Him or me.- Oliver Hazzard-Perry
Rick Riordan|Sometimes small things can become very large, indeed.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Life is hard and unfair. It is cruel and heartless, painful, trying, disappointing, unapologetic, and frequently downright awful. But that's not important. What's important is that through it all you learn how much you need your Heavenly Father and how much your friends need you.
Lynda Barry, Cruddy|Dear Anyone Who Finds This, Do not blame the drugs.
Kinley MacGregor, Born in Sin|For a Christian to be a Christian, he must first be a sinner. Being a sinner is a prerequisite for being a church member. The Christian church is one of the few organizations in the world that requires a public acknowledgement of sin as a condition for membership.
Julie Garwood, Castles|Damn, you're good,' he said and rolled onto his back. The man wasn't much for flowery speech, Alesandra thought with a smile. It didn't matter. She was arrogantly proud of herself because she'd pleased him. Perhaps she should give him a little praise too. She rolled onto her side to face him, put her hand on his chest directly over his pounded heart, and whispered. 'You're good, too. 'Tis the truth, you're the best I've ever had.' He opened his eyes to look at her. 'I'm the only one you've ever had, remember?' His voice was gruff with affection. 'I remember,' she said. 'No other man is ever going to touch you, Alesandra. You're mine.
André Gide|What would be the description of happines? Nothing, except what prepares and then what destroys it, can be told.
Eniitan Akinola|As complicated as life is, Its also very simple,Once we can find a balance, the world becomes ours,Till then, the hard work is to make things that are sooo complicated look sooo simple
Debasish Mridha|Stagnation is death. With love, accept and welcome changes.
Vanessa Diffenbaugh, The Language of Flowers|Being a housewife and a mother is the biggest job in the world, but if it doesn't interest you, don't do it - I would have made a terrible mother.
Louis Nowra, Così|You want to know the truth about drugs? You can only go one or two ways. You can go up, or you can go down. That's it. After a certain point, though, no matter what you do, what you take, you don't go anywhere, and that's when you've got to sit down and face yourself.
Elizabeth Jarrett Andrew, On The Threshold: Home, Hardwood, and Holiness|I'm not particularly in favor of doctrine or creed, ordination, the elevation of holy texts, the institution of church, or, for that matter, Christianity. Like most religions, it has irreconcilable shortcomings and an unforgivable history. What I do favor is the attempt to make sense of things by living within a story. The Christian story, for good or ill, is my inheritance.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|First, I’d like to point out that I didn’t use ‘one of mine.’ You refused to let me pay for my ice cream cone with a good ol’ fashioned credit card, and you forced your pretend money on me. Secondly, I can’t take any currency seriously that looks like it belongs in a psychedelic-inspired Special Edition Monopoly box.
Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps|I never said it was easy to find your place in this world, but I’m coming to the conclusion that if you seek to please others, you will forever be changing because you will never be yourself, only fragments of someone you could be. You need to belong to yourself, and let others belong to themselves too. You need to be free and detached from things and your surroundings. You need to build your home in your own simple existence, not in friends, lovers, your career or material belongings, because these are things you will lose one day. That’s the natural order of this world. This is called the practice of detachment.
Lois Lowry|But to me nothing - the negative, the empty - is exceedingly powerful.
Don DeLillo, Underworld|I'm completely aware of Matisse and what he said, that painters must begin by cutting out their tongues.
Pablo Neruda|You don't look out there for God, something in the sky, you look in you.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Whenever you get an appetite, you feed yourself. Therefore, fill your belly on wisdom of things old and new. Only swallow the truth, less you choke on the lies.
Melissa de la Cruz, Alex and Eliza|Yes, she had seen Alex's temper flare over his disappointment with a lack of his own regiment to command, but she saw that as merely the fighting spirit of an ambitious and confident leader. Yet, wasn't that what appealed most to her about him? A spirit and impetuousness that could match her own and challenge her to be better herself in this new democracy? A man who could honor her own values?
Bogdan Vaida|If you only show me a part of you, I'll only love that part.
মেহেরাব ইফতি|অনেকগুলো শব্দ প্রথম দেখায় নেতিবাচক মনে হতে পারে, কিন্তু আসলে তা নয়। আবার কতকগুলোকে ইতিবাচক অর্থেই আমরা নিয়ে থাকি অর্থাৎ প্রথম পাঠে আমাদের তাই মনে হয়; শব্দের ইন্টার-টেক্সটের দিকে যখন আপনি চোখ রাখবেন অথবা মন-যাই রাখুন না কেনো ঠিক তখন আপনি শব্দের উদ্দেশ্য ও উপায় জানতে পারবেন। যেমন ধরুনঃ পেসিমিস্ট এবং অপটিমিস্ট।
Xavier Dolan|When you come from a family of storytellers, you're doomed. You just have to tell stories.
Beatrice McClearn, Diaries of an Emotional Prostitute|The more time you spend thinking, the less time you spend doing. The less time you spend doing, the more you watch others do. This formula never equals success.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding.Even as the stone of the fruit must break, that its heart may stand in the sun, so must you know pain.Much of your pain is self-chosen.It is the bitter potion by which the physician within you heals your sick self.Therefore trust the physician, and drink his remedy in silence and tranquillity:For his hand, though heavy and hard, is guided by the tender hand of the Unseen,And the cup he brings, though it burn your lips, has been fashioned of the clay which the Potter has moistened with His own sacred tears.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|If you follow the classical pattern, you are understanding the routine, the tradition, the shadow -- you are not understanding yourself.
Marilynne Robinson|When I was in junior high, a foreign-history teacher started a theater class. So I got my feet wet there and through high school, so I was very fascinated with acting as a means of expression.
Alma Katsu, The Descent|I've lived to see my longings dieI've lived to see my longings die:My dreams and I have grown apart;Now only sorrow haunts my eye,The wages of a bitter heart.Beneath the storms of hostile fate,My flowery wreath has faded fast;I live alone and sadly waitTo see when death will come at last.Just so, when the winds in winter moanAnd snow descends in frigid flakes,Upon a naked branch, alone,The final leaf of summer shakes!...
Sengcan|To live a pure unselfish life, one must count nothing as one's own in the midst of abundance.
Mark Batterson, Draw the Circle: The 40 Day Prayer Challenge|Whether we write lyrics or craft legislation, sell homes or teach classes, design spaces or open franchises, prayer is a critical part of the creative process. Don’t just brainstorm; praystorm.
Wendy Mass, The Candymakers|Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|Stars," she whispered. "I can see the stars again, my lady."A tear trickled down Artemis's cheek. "Yes, my brave one. They are beautiful tonight."Stars," Zoe repeated. Her eyes fixed on the night sky. And she did not move again.
Thomas Hardy, Two on a Tower|If there is a dark and hostile power, laying its treacherous toils within us, by which it holds us fast and draws us along the path of peril and destruction, which we should not otherwise have trod; if, I say there is such a power, it must form itself inside us and out of ourselves, indeed; it must become identical with ourselves. For it is only in this condition that we can believe in it, and grant it the room which it requires to accomplish its secret work. Now, if we have a mind which is sufficiently firm, sufficiently strengthened by the joy of life, always to recognize this strange enemy as such, and calmly to follow the path of our own inclination and calling, then the dark power will fail in its attempt to gain a form that shall be a reflection of ourselves.
Lin-Manuel Miranda|I've always tried to avoid politics because most politicians that I know are quite dirty in terms of human dignity, ethics and morals.
Shannon L. Alder|Sometimes the simplest solution out of conflict is becoming someone’s friend, instead of saying goodbye forever.
Eliezer Yudkowsky, Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality|Christian allegories are a dime a dozen. You can find them in any story, if you look hard enough. Even Harry Potter.
Rick Riordan|Leo,” Jason said, “you’re weird.”“Yeah, you tell me that a lot.” Leo grinned. “But if you don’t remember me, that means I can reuse all my old jokes...!
Jennifer   Ball, Higher Math: The Book Moose Minnion Never Wrote: A Novel|One travels long distances not solely for large gatherings, but for something more intangible. I have always gone out on a limb for love. A dangerous, romantic, disappointing way to live.
Anthony Liccione|The happiest people aren't necessarily the most successful, or the most popular, or the most talented. They're the ones who are interested in the people around them.
Michele Jennae, The Connectworker|Without the participation of one fifth of the global population, without the endorsement of the world's second-largest economy, without the political will and security guarantee of this emerging power, international institutions and norms will be irrelevant and the legitimacy and credibility of their resolutions and arrangements will fall short of promise.
Tom Black, 10 Leaders Britain Never Had|Osborne paused. “There is... something else.”Clegg sighed.“What?”“Your Wikipedia page.”“What? My-”“It says you're Prime Minister now.”“Well, it was news to me that I'm not, I can't-”“Was it one of your staff?”Silence fell heavily on the room. Clegg tilted his head to one side.“Are you... what are you...” he began.“I'm asking because if it was, it could be... serious.” Another pause. This time, Clegg couldn't help but smile in disbelief.“Are you going to accuse my staff of a constitutional coup for editing Wikipedia?
Leah Remini, Troublemaker: Surviving Hollywood and Scientology|What’s got into me? Do I want children? Do I want to be a mamma, nursing and singing lullabies? Marriage plus pregnancy? And if my mother should emerge from my stomach just now when I think I’m safe?
Jimmy Fallon|My dad said to me growing up: 'When all is said and done, if you can count all your true friends on one hand, you're a lucky man.'
Kenneth Minogue, Politics: A Very Short Introduction|Dynasties rise and fall according to what the Chinese used to call ‘the mandate of heaven’, but life for the peasant changes little.
Janet Frame, Scented Gardens for the Blind|Everything was gone, the garden of wind and light, the Chrysalis, the Mother and her sister-crones, the rowan tree, everything. I was in a grove–no, it was a triad of trees: apple, oak, hazel. And at my feet something that smacked of familiar miens, a stone half buried in a pitch of heather. A stone bearing my name and a date I could hardly remember.A moment passed, another and in those moments I stood numb with gluey feet at the foot of my own grave. For the first time since I’d come to the Faeran Valley, I was alone. And the silence was deafening.
Steve  Austin, Self-Care for the Wounded Soul: 21 Days of Messy Grace|For me, recovery and self-care are inextricably connected. My recovery from abuse, addiction, and a suicide attempt required dumptruck loads of self-care.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The priceless gifts (life, love, joy, goodness, family, nature) are freely given by the Creator.
Pearl Zhu, Digital Agility: The Rocky Road from Doing Agile to Being Agile|Innovators are at their very heart visionaries who also have determination, dedication, passion and motivation.
John Darnielle, Universal Harvester|It’s hard to describe, this feeling of seeing your kids spending time together like adults, meeting up again after being out there in the world like free agents. There’s something giddy and unreal about it. I knew that boy when he was afraid of strangers. I knew them both before they knew how to talk.
Bernard Heuvelmans, On the Track of Unknown Animals|Yes, but humans are more important than animals,' said Brutha.'This is a point of view often expressed by humans,' said Om.
E.M. Forster, Maurice|He lived on, miserable and misunderstood, as before, and increasingly lonely. One cannot write those words too often: Maurice’s loneliness: it increased.
Nikki Rowe|the problem with the world, is, far too many people drain their energy into what is wrong with their life; instead of holding gratitude for what's right in their life.
C. JoyBell C.|There are those who say that spiritual enlightenment is achieved through the denial of oneself; you must deny yourself many things, go and live in a mountaintop, never mingle with other people, talk to the birds..but I say to you, why should you dismantle your home? Where is the meaning in removing the bricks from your walls one by one? What is the purpose in uprooting your floors? Is there any significance in only allowing yourself a tin roof and a muddy bed? Why deny your house its structure? A truly enlightened soul is strong enough, is bright enough to live and shine through, even in a beautiful house! There is no need to ransack the house in order to see an inner beauty etched against a distraught surrounding. A bright and beautiful soul can shine forth even from inside an equally beautiful surrounding.
Shawn Kirsten Maravel, The Wanderer|The difficulty of living alone is that any mess he makes he is forced to clean up himself.No, the real difficulty of living alone is that no one cares if you are upset.
Emily Dickinson|PHOSPHORESCENCE. Now there's a word to lift your hat to... to find that phosphorescence, that light within, that's the genius behind poetry.
Connie Brockway, The Other Guy's Bride|I love you, Ginesse. Don't you see? You are my Zerzura. You are my undiscovered country, both my heart's destination and journey. Gold and temples, jewels and gems don't hold one bit of your enticement. You are my Solomon's mine, my uncharted empire. You are the only home I need to know, the only journey I want to take, the only treasure I would die to claim. You are exotic and familiar, opiate and tonic, hard conscience and sweet temptation. And now I have no more words to give you, Ginesse. I only have my heart, and you already own that.
Pearl  Zhu, It Innovation: Reinvent It for the Digital Age|Develop talent for tomorrow, rather than just hire for yesterday.
Kody Keplinger, The DUFF: Designated Ugly Fat Friend|A woman's love for a man is ha;f animal passion and half hate. The more a woman loves a man, the more she hates him. If a man is worth having, he must be a woman's superior; if he is her superior, part of her must hate him. It is only in beauty we surpass you, and it is therefore no wonder that we worship beauty above all else.
Ian Mackaye|American business at this point is really about developing an idea, making it profitable, selling it while it's profitable and then getting out or diversifying. It's just about sucking everything up. My idea was: Enjoy baking, sell your bread, people like it, sell more. Keep the bakery going because you're making good food and people are happy.
Tamsin Egerton|I was an English major at the University of Minnesota, and I was very shy, which many people misinterpreted as intelligence. On the basis of that wrong impression, I became the editor of the campus literary magazine.
Theodor W. Adorno, Minima Moralia: Reflections from a Damaged Life|And we hate this possibility in movies; we hate this "both" shit. "Both" comes off as sloppy characterization, muddy filmmaking, lack of focus. ... But I submit that the real reason we criticized and disliked Lynch's Laura's muddy bothness is that it required of us an empathetic confrontation with the exact same muddy bothness in ourselves and our intimates that makes the real world of moral selves so tense and uncomfortable, a bothness we go to the movies to get a couple hours' fucking relief from.
Jeanette Winterson|Book collecting is an obsession, an occupation, a disease, an addiction, a fascination, an absurdity, a fate. It is not a hobby. Those who do it must do it. Those who do not do it, think of it as a cousin of stamp collecting, a sister of the trophy cabinet, bastard of a sound bank account and a weak mind.
Claude Lévi-Strauss|The scientist is not a person who gives the right answers, he's one who asks the right questions.
Hazel Butler, Chasing Azrael|It seemed for a moment as if something was there, loitering between the knurled and towering cherry trees, a flash of a presence as stark as the sight of the snow against their bare branches and cracked, piceous bark. Unblinking, I watched the edge of the lake, waiting for it to reappear, but whatever it had been was gone, vanished under cover of a willow tree, lofty and dense, rearing over the lake, its branches dripping all the way to the ground. The tree’s lament had been transformed into a thing of such beauty I was tempted to go and hide within it.
Michelle Monaghan|A woman must combine the role of mother, wife and politician.
Matt Kahn|The world is a place of constant change. If we are open and ready to consider everything while remaining unbiased, we will be ready to accept these changes and utilize them to improve our lives.
Sam Kean|As you eat more healthily, your palate changes - it's amazing. Your taste buds constantly adapt: from minute to minute, in fact. If you drank orange juice right now, it would taste sweet. But if you first ate some sweets then drank the same juice, it could taste unpleasantly bitter.
Kimberly Strassel|This is a party that used to embrace freedom but now they've abandoned the principles of Thomas Jefferson and adopted the tactics of Joseph Stalin.' he says. And he, (Eric O'Keefe) notes that those tactics are even aimed at fellow Democrats who don't fall in line.
A.M. Willard, Frosted Sweets|Bass players have bigger instruments." Charlie's slow grin curled her toes and he added, "We also do it deeper.
Peter Watts, Blindsight|We're so happy, even when we're smiling out of fear.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|We are not sheep or cows. God didn’t create fences for us or boundaries to contain our nationalities. Man did. God didn’t draw up religious barriers to separate us from each other. Man did. And on top of that, no father would like to see his children fighting or killing each other. The Creator favors the man who spreads loves over the man who spreads hate. A religious title does not make anyone more superior over another. If a kind man stands by his conscience and exhibits truth in his words and actions, he will stand by God regardless of his faith. If mankind wants to evolve, we must learn from our past mistakes. If not, our technology will evolve without us.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Once upon a time there were two countries, at war with each other. In order to make peace after many years of conflict, they decided to build a bridge across the ocean.But because they never learned each other’s language properly, they could never agree on the details, so the two halves of the bridge they started to build never met.To this day the bridge extends far into the ocean from both sides, and simply ends half way, miles in the wrong direction from the meeting point.And the two countries are still at war.
John Gardner, The Art of Fiction: Notes on Craft for Young Writers|As in the universe every atom has an effect, however minuscule, on every other atom, so that to pinch the fabric of Time and Space at any point is to shake the whole length and breadth of it, so in fiction every element has effect on every other, so that to change a character's name from Jane to Cynthia is to make the fictional ground shudder under her feet.
Tanya Huff, Valor's Trial|I'll send three of Harnet's Di'taken. I have it on good authority that they think the sun shines out of my ass."Pole leaned forwards just enough to bring the major into his line of sight.Pole - "All of them?" Torrin - "Some of them are officers and thus blinded by the sun shining out of their own asses."Pole - "Did you just say that?"Torrin - "Yeah," Torrin offered him her hand. "Get over it.
Dr Susan Block, The Bonobo Way|If only we could keep the wars between sperm and stop the ones between people, we would have peace through pleasure.
Thomas C. Oden, Pastoral Theology: Essentials of Ministry|Church growth experts tell us that most people seeking a new church care little about its doctrines. They're mostly interested in the facilities of the church, its nursery, and opportunities for friendship. . . .The experts tell us that today's church members will switch churches at a moment's notice if they think that their personal and relational needs will be better met elsewhere--even if the doctrine taught is at best, suspect. Thus some will opt for better facilities and architecture even at the expense of jeopardizing their own soul.
Israelmore Ayivor|You may have the greatest vision, plans or goals as you may term it. You can call it Vison 2020, Vision 2045 or whatever. But remember, not work is done unless a distance is covered!
Monica Lim, The Good, the Bad and the PSLE: Trials of an Almost Kiasu Mother|My mind skipped to a sunlit Saturday morning a few months ago when Noah was supposed to be revising for his exams. I caught him looking out the window instead, distracted by a roving butterfly. “Noah, you’re supposed to be studying!” I scolded.He replied languidly, “I am! I’m studying what’s out there.
Amit Kalantri|I don't understand this irony - valuable things like cars, gold, diamond are made up of hard materials but most valuable things like money, contracts and books are made up of soft paper.
Paul O'Brien, Great Decisions, Perfect Timing: Cultivating Intuitive Intelligence|When it comes to making the right moves at the right time, your dance partner is life itself or what can be referred to as your destiny. The more you pay attention and practice intuitive decision making skills, the better you will become at sensing the unique rhythm of your life.
Kenny Leon|It makes me feel so amazing to know there's people out here that support me and follow me on Twitter and watch my shows on YouTube and come to my concert, so I'm very thankful.
Helena Hunting, Pucked|Is that-am I looking at her beaver?"Mid-swig, I choke on the mouthful of beer, sputtering and coughing. After I recover, I ask jokingly, "'Beaver'? Are you Canadian or something?
Philip Larkin, Philip Larkin: Letters to Monica|Dear, I can't write, it's all a fantasy: a kind of circling obsession.
Howard Zinn, A People's History of the United States|The American system is the most ingenious system of control in world history. With a country so rich in natural resources, talent, and labor power the system can afford to distribute just enough wealth to just enough people to limit discontent to a troublesome minority. It is a country so powerful, so big, so pleasing to so many of its citizens that it can afford to give freedom of dissent to the small number who are not pleased. There is no system of control with more openings, apertures, leeways, flexibilities, rewards for the chosen, winning tickets in lotteries. There is none that disperses its controls more complexly through the voting system, the work situation, the church, the family, the school, the mass media--none more successful in mollifying opposition with reforms, isolating people from one another, creating patriotic loyalty.
Debasish Mridha|Don't eat too much, and never forget to love too much.
Al Gore|It's not just that reporting gives you a bigger slice of life, gives - lends verisimilitude to what you are doing - it's that it feeds the imagination.
Adolf Hitler|When people attempt to rebel against the iron logic of Nature, they come into conflict with the very same principles to which they owe their existence as human beings. Their actions against Nature must lead to their own downfall.
Shirley Jackson, We Have Always Lived in the Castle|Poor strangers, they have so much to be afraid of.
Tom Glazer|I'm sauteing asparagus, Brussels sprouts,broccoli, some boneless, skinless chicken breast, some halibut. That's about it; that's all I'm allowed. That's what's legal for me to saute.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|The Spirit, and your soul are not the same things. The Spirit is God - the source. Your soul is God's imagination - the subject.
Mahatma Gandhi|Stoning prophets and erecting churches to their memory afterwards has been the way of the world through the ages. Today we worship Christ, but the Christ in the flesh we crucified.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Eagles fly alone, not because they are proud, but because they are not afraid of soaring above the clouds.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 1: 1931-1934|At first I protested and rebelled against poetry. I was about to deny my poetic worlds. I was doing violence to my illusions with analysis, science, and learning Henry’s language, entering Henry’s world. I wanted to destroy by violence and animalism my tenuous fantasies and illusions and my hypersensitivity. A kind of suicide. The ignominy awakened me. Then June came and answered the cravings of my imagination and saved me. Or perhaps she killed me, for now I am started on a course of madness.
Katherine McIntyre, Scrying for Summer|Because one look into his eyes, and she was drowning in what existed there and didn’t want to surface.
Allen Wheelis, The Moralist|A free man is not a slave who has escaped his master; such a man is but a runaway slave who may be caught and returned to servitude. A free man, though he may be overpowered, may be killed, cannot be reduced to servitude; something in him asserts freedom as an inviolable right.It is not negotiable.He does not *ask* that others respect his right, he *requires* it; and it is ultimately his willingness to die for this freedom which forms the basis of his demand that others respect it.
Clint Van Winkle, Soft Spots: A Marine's Memoir of Combat and Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder|I guess I was always looking for something. What it was, I didn’t know. I wanted help from the VA, but didn’t want to go back, didn’t want to be subjected to that second-rate treatment any longer. I wanted to find peace within myself, but didn’t know how or where to locate it. I wanted to be a sergeant again, a writer, less angry, a better husband, and to ward off the constant bombardment of war-related thoughts. Most of all, I didn’t want any more Americans coming home from Iraq in boxes or with jingle-jangled minds.
Thomas Norman DeWolf, Gather at the Table: The Healing Journey of a Daughter of Slavery and a Son of the Slave Trade|Race should be seen in one way, and one way only: on your marks, get set, go!
Anthony Browne|Many medical students, like most American patients, confuse science and technology. They think that what it means to be a scientific doctor is to bring to bear the maximum amount of technology on any given patient. And this makes them dangerous.
José Rizal|Our liberty will not be secured at the sword's point... We must secure it by making ourselves worthy of it. And when the people reaches that height, God will provide a weapon, the idols will be shattered, tyranny will crumble like a house of cards, and liberty will shine out like the first dawn.
Jack White|When you're used to having nothing, nothing becomes your everything, and you never really want for anything. But it's a double-edged sword, because there's the danger of becoming complacent, becoming too happy with that nothing, because you've never known anything better. Complacency is the death of dreams, and freedom.
Penn Jillette|History is nothing but gossip about the past, with the hope that it might be true.
Mikhail Gorbachev|My painting teacher in high school used to say, 'I can't paint like I want to, but through practice I'll get better.' But I don't think that's true. I think sometimes you just can't paint.
Pepper D. Basham|Each time you allow the past to hold your future, [he] steals more and more from you.
Donia Bijan, Maman's Homesick Pie: A Persian Heart in an American Kitchen|... if they are persistent enough, even tiny drops of water, over time, can change the rock forever. And it will never change back." - Zoe
Steven Van Zandt|Touring is very routine. You get to the city, you go to the hotel, you got to be at the hotel by a certain time - it's very routine. I'm not a very structured person, so when I get some structure, it's cool; it's good for me.
Paul Wellstone|When we become a really mature, grown-up, wise society, we will put teachers at the center of the community, where they belong. We don't honor them enough, we don't pay them enough.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you live in the desert, view the sun not as your enemy, but as your friend. If you live in the wilderness, view nature not as your adversary, but as your companion.
Evan Wright, Generation Kill: Devil Dogs, Iceman, Captain America, and the New Face of American War|I was still a newlywed and certainly wasn't to the point where I felt comfortable yelling, "I'm going to shit my pants any second!"But the sweating had started, which was followed by the tears. "I'm not feeling well, and need to get home," I told him."Ok, but I have to obey the speed limit because of all the kids in the neighborhood," he replied.I was pleading with him to hurry up when he came to a complete stop.I screamed at him, "Why are we stopping?"He rolled down the window. "Retreat."I could see the flag lowering in the distance, the beautiful orange sun setting behind it.In the opposite direction I could see the roof line of our home - so close, yet so far away.As Retreat played, I surrendered. I pooped my pants. I took one for the flag.Now that's patriotism.
Lionel Blue|Music videos are notoriously long, not fun, grueling. You are known there as a dancer and it's kind of sad because dancers, in a lot of ways, are under-appreciated and kind of under-respected when it come to that so they don't necessarily treat you in a nice way when you do a music video.
Nikki Rowe|The magic of life hides in the dusty corners of chaos and you must sweep out the cobwebs of confusion before you reach the calm & euphorically moments; your soul believed, existed all along.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Whenever you jump off a cliff at GOD's command, be sure that you will fly! Either by soaring on the palm of His hands or on the parachute of that command or you will suddenly have wings pop out and sustain you in the air. Either way, you will be flying and He'll be the one behind it all.
John Keegan|When I graduated from high school, it was during the Depression and we had no money.
Dark Jar Tin Zoo, Love Quotes for the Ages. Specifically Ages 19-91.|It's only water," she said."Tell that to a drowning man," Giddon said.
Maya Angelou|Respect the masterpiece. It is true reverence to man. There is no quality so great, none so much needed now.
Jed McKenna|Saints and bodhisattvas may achieve what Christians call mystical union or Buddhists call satori--a perpetual awareness of the force at the heart of the heart of things. For these enlightened few, the world is always lit. For the rest of us, such clarity comes only fitfully, in sudden glimpses or slow revelations. Quakers refer to these insights as openings. When I first heard the term from a Friend who was counseling me about my resistance to the Vietnam War, I though of how on an overcast day, sunlight pours through a break in the clouds. After the clouds drift on, eclipsing the sun, the sun keeps shining behind the veil, and the memory of its light shines on in the mind.
Neeraj Vohara|I can't die yet, honey. I haven't finished counting the stars and don't you know, my darling girl, that you will never be alone, because there is always love, and love lives forever.
Shahenshah Hafeez Khan|How cold or warm are your calls can be best judged by the call duration and the number of questions you ended-up answering, and if the clients aren’t responding to follow-up calls, one of the reasons could be that they didn’t like “what & how it was said”, rejections teach if we start looking at the basic part of human behavior - we don’t talk to people if the talk doesn’t interest us.
Gina Linko, Flower Moon|I think a lot of science can seem like magic before it's explained properly. Sometimes we don't have the observations, the data, or the right words yet to explain it. Surely there was a time long ago when people watched a butterfly emerge from a chrysalis and thought of it as magic.
Margaret Thatcher|You can't operate a company by fear, because the way to eliminate fear is to avoid criticism. And the way to avoid criticism is to do nothing.
Jill Shalvis, Accidentally on Purpose|Not only will I discover every single nerve and crevice in your vulnerable, and very naked body, I will devour and exploit every one of your weaknesses. I won’t merely control you, Reina. I will own you.
Dan Gilbert|Art requires neither complaisance nor politeness; nothing but faith, faith and freedom.
Traci Lea LaRussa|The grace,faith,love and power of God will uplift you to greater heights.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|You will die, and when you die, you will know a profound lack of it [dignity]. It's never dignified, always brutal. What's dignified about dying? It's never dignified. And in obscurity? Offensive. Dignity is an affectation, cute but eccentric, like learning French or collecting scarves. And it's fleeting and incredibly mercurial. And subjective. So fuck it.
Deborah Day|Nourishing yourself in a way that helps you blossom in the direction you want to go is attainable, and you are worth the effort.
Nutan Bajracharya|Nightmare completed, another humiliating defeat. 10 goals in 2 game. It will take time to come out from such humiliating defeat for Brazilian fans. But I think when you like something, when you fall to someone, when you are in love, you like them whatever happens, even they give tears to you time to time because you liked it from your heart.
Debasish Mridha|The best gift that we can give to our enemy is not war, but forgiveness and peace.
Paul Hawken|If you don't drive your business, you will be driven out of business.
May Sarton|Where music thundered let the mind be still,Where the will triumphed let there be no will,What light revealed, now let the dark fulfill.
Nicholas Gane, Max Weber and Postmodern Theory: Rationalization Versus Re-enchantment|... Lyotard suggests that while discourse operates as a system of representation which defines meanings according to their relation to other concepts in that system, figure is the realm of the singular, of that which refuses to, or simply cannot, be captured and systematized by the concept.
Sophie Perinot, The Sister Queens|I admonish Your Majesty, as the woman who gave you life and loves you like no other, to behave always in a manner that safeguards your immortal soul. Seek God's glory in the Holy Land rather than your own, that I may see you in heaven if never again in France.
Compton Gage|He shall rule, whom they look not for that dwell upon the earth, and the fowls shall take their flight away together:
Janet Fitch, Paint it Black|Michael, in a motel in Twentynine Palms, a gun in his hands. Not at Meredith's, painting in an explosion of new creation. Not over on Sunset, digging through the record bins, or at Launderland separating the darks and lights. Not at the Chinese market, looking at the fish with their still-bright eyes. Not at the Vista watching an old movie. Not sketching down at Echo Park. He was in a motel room in Twentynine Palms, putting a bullet in his brain.
Peter Høeg|Back then I could not understand one word of what I read.Reading did, however, give me heart. Even if you cannot understand what you are reading you can get something from books.
Jim George|Things might not be great, but things would be okay.
Paullina Simons, The Bronze Horseman|To wit, existence is communication and communication is existence.
Sunday Adelaja|You need to answer questions on where, when and what to do
Lily Frey|Thunder erupted over head as I watched him go. I felt the rain start to hit my head, getting me soaked in an instant. Before he went into his house, he turned back one more time and looked at me with those sad eyes. “Looks like you have your storm.” And then he was gone, leaving me standing out in the rain.
Calvin Trillin|Without sharks, you take away the apex predator of the ocean, and you destroy the entire food chain.
Dorothy Koomson, Marshmallows for Breakfast|I don't break down," she announced. "Got it?"He got it. He was already pulling back, looking ashamed of himself, but somehow he was still holding her wrist."I never break down. I'm a lawyer.
Roman Payne, Cities & Countries|Who’s to say what a ‘literary life’ is? As long as you are writing often, and writing well, you don’t need to be hanging-out in libraries all the time. Nightclubs are great literary research centers. So is Ibiza!
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|You are protected, in short, by your ability to love!
Caroline George, The Vestige|We didn’t cause the apocalypse…”“But we were too dumb to see it,” she snaps. “That was our mistake.
Robert Ferrigno, Heart of the Assassin|Through the waters spilled by the spring, I was remade. Forth I fared, a new plant with new leaves in a new time. The stars were there, and I was set to climb.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|Have you ever had a legitimate complaint as a customer which made you angry, upset, or frustrated? How was it “handled?" If you were dealing with an inept, uncaring, or untrained employee, they may have made matters even worse by being rude, defensive, or apathetic. Simple acknowledgment and validation of your complaint is sometimes all that is needed. Without it, you're left frustrated or upset.
Diana Duncan, Sword of the Raven|Asshat! You Darth Vadered me!" (Delaney to Rowan)
Cassandra Clare|He dropped his voice, so low that Tessa wasn’t sure if what he said next was real or part of the dream darkness rising to claim her, though shefought against it.“I’ve never minded it,” he went on. “Being lost, that is. I had always thought one could not be truly lost if one knew one’s own heart. But I fear I maybe lost without knowing yours.” He closed his eyes as if he were bone-weary, and she saw how thin his eyelids were, like parchment paper, andhow tired he looked. “Wo ai ni, Tessa,” he whispered. “Wo bu xiang shi qu ni.”She knew, without knowing how she knew, what the words meant.I love you.And I don’t want to lose you.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Whether the glass is half empty or half full, you have the power to fill it up.
Chief Joseph|I believe in work, hard work, and long hours of work. Men do not breakdown from overwork, but from worry and dissipation.
Andrew Solomon|The more ships have grown in size and consequence, the more their place in our imagination has shrunk.
Elmore Leonard|In order to be heard, an author must have readers...
Tara Sivec, Seduction and Snacks|What's more, he was going to have a full American breakfast with bacon and eggs, none of this continental bullshit.
Susan Schroder|In Dark Places, May we Never be truly Alone.....~Susan Schroder, Circle the Sun books
John Mayall|Although the troops have struck us, we throw it all behind and are glad to meet you in peace and friendship.
Thomas Jefferson|How little do my countrymen know what precious blessings they are in possession of, and which no other people on earth enjoy!
Jez Butterworth, The River|I may bring other women here, to this place, and I may tell them I love them, and make love to them. But they will be impostors. And I will be a ghost. Because it means I will have lost you. My body, my brain, my lungs, my stomach, my guts, legs, arms will be here but I won't be. I will be out there, looking for you. And if we meet somewhere, at a restaurant, or a party and I'm with someone, I want you to know that they are by my side only because you are not. And she will be beautiful. And I will be laughing and smiling and she will be laughing and smiling, but she will be laughing at a lie. Because all I will have done to that person is lie to them. All I will do to anyone else, forever, from this moment forward, anyone who isn't you, is lie. I have no choice.
E.M. Forster, Howards End|The artist and the mother are vehicles, not originators. They don't create the new life, they only bear it. This is why birth is such a humbling experience. The new mom weeps in awe at the little miracle in her arms. She knows it came out of her but not from her, through her but not of her.
Russell Brand|They got drunk and high on a regular basis, but this is a vestige of youth that you either quit while you're young or you become an addict if you don't die. If you are the Old Guy In The Punk House, move out. You have a substance abuse problem.
Gaby Hoffmann|I never missed a birthday. I never missed a school play. We carpooled. And the greatest compliment I can ever get is not about my career or performance or anything; it's when people say, 'You know, your girls are great.' That's the real thing for me.
Shane Claiborne, The Irresistible Revolution: Living as an Ordinary Radical|In post-Christendom, the church is that community of people who look to discover what God is actively doing in the world around them and then join themselves to that work. The church is that community of people gathered around Jesus Christ in order to participate in his life and incarnate it into the context where he has placed them.
Catherine Doyle|You can’t avoid the inevitability of death. It comes at you one way or another, and takes us all to the same place in the end. To apologize for it is to apologize for the sun shining or the rain falling. It is what it is.
Michael J. Sandel, Justice: What's the Right Thing to Do?|If a mark of affection can sometimes be taken for an insult, perhaps the gesture of love is not universal: it too must be translated from one language to another, must be learned.
Paulo Coelho, The Devil and Miss Prym|Unto the pure ‪#‎ALL‬ things are pure: but unto them that are defiled and unbelieving is nothing pure; but even their mind and conscience is defiled.Titus 1:15.Dinesh Samuel Thank you.THEY SEE EVIL IN YOU BECUASE THEY ARE FULL OF IT.some so called Believers think am against the message. some so called Unbelievers think am going crazy and defends the message. They are all right, because I BELONG TO JESUS ALONE. In Christ Alone.1 Corinthians 13:7 kjv6 Rejoiceth not in iniquity, but rejoiceth in the truth; 7Beareth all things, believeth all things, hopeth all things, endureth all things. 8Charity never faileth: but whether there be prophecies, they shall fail; whether there be tongues, they shall cease; whether there be knowledge, it shall vanish away. 9For we know in part, and we prophesy in part. 10But when that which is perfect is come, then that which is in part shall be done away.
Cesar Chavez|One of my beliefs about leadership is it's not how many followers you have, but how many people you have with different opinions that you can bring together and try to be a good listener.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|In a suspended psychic state, writers cull words and symbols from the mystical world of memory, imagination, and intuition.
Erik Pevernagie|They say there is a kind of flower that blooms only once a century, Then couldn't there be one that flowers only once every thousand years - or once every ten thousand years? Maybe there are and we just don't know it because today is itself that once-in-a-thousand-year moment.
Brian Tracy|The happiest people in the world are those who feel absolutely terrific about themselves, and this is the natural outgrowth of accepting total responsibility for every part of their life.
Santosh Kalwar|Lies do not lie, truth do, In the times of any act lies lie hidden behind.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Guard your energy by setting boundaries, just saying 'no," and limiting your interactions with people who drain you. The measure—how do they make you feel?
Mahmoud Darwish|We all have our down days, but it's not hard to smile and say, 'Thank you.'
Tana French, The Likeness|I loved him, you know,' she said. 'I would have loved him as hard as he'd let me, for the rest of my life.
Amit Kalantri|As a general man I tried watching movies, playing sports, going to picnics and other entertainments but I still got bored, then I tried heroism and now I am hero, and I never get bored.
Jalina Mhyana|It dawns on me that maybe I'm just terrifically lazy; that I might be appropriating other people’s invisible sicknesses and disorders and scribbling them on the clipboard at the end of my bed to fool the nurses; so I can indulge in rest cures all day, every day. That I’m even fooling myself.
Salman Rushdie|He had been reborn into the knowledge of death; and the inescapability of change, of things-never-the-same, of no-way-back, made him afraid. When you lose the past you're naked in front of contemptuous Azraeel, the death-angel. Hold on if you can, he told himself. Cling to yesterdays. Leave your nail-marks in the grey slope as you slide.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Past and Present I know well; each is a friend and sometimes an enemy to me. But it is the quiet, beckoning Future, an absolute stranger, with whom I have fallen madly in love.
Katy Perry|I have a cycle that is not particularly cool, but it's a cycle: trash myself to reward myself.
Jean-Paul Sartre, The Reprieve|A Chinese proverb: Outside of sky there is sky, outside of people there are people. It is the idea of infinity and also that there will always be someone better than you.
Tanya Masse|A beautiful face will age and a perfect body will change, but an awesome person will always be an awesome person.
Carlos A.  Rodriguez, Designed For Inheritance: A Discovery of Sonship|It's not the amount of Bible you read, it's the amount of Bible you believe.
Pooja Ruprell|When we make appreciation the central theme of our value system, then all the painful elements of our past become meaningful lessons we could not have done without. Acceptance becomes natural when we become adept at finding the silver lining, even in the most challenging circumstances.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Letters of J.R.R. Tolkien|After all, I believe that legends and myths are largely made of 'truth', and indeed present aspects of it that can only be received in this mode; and long ago certain truths and modes of this kind were discovered and must always reappear.
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|Women could probably be trained quite easily to see men first as sexual things. If girls never experienced sexual violence; if a girl's only window on male sexuality were a stream of easily available, well-lit, cheap images of boys slightly older than herself, in their late teens, smiling encouragingly and revealing cuddly erect penises the color of roses or mocha, she might well look at, masturbate to, and, as an adult, "need" beauty pornography based on the bodies of men. And if those initiating penises were represented to the girl as pneumatically erectible, swerving neither left nor right, tasting of cinnamon or forest berries, innocent of random hairs, and ever ready; if they were presented alongside their measurements, length, and circumference to the quarter inch; if they seemed to be available to her with no troublesome personality attached; if her sweet pleasure seemed to be the only reason for them to exist--then a real young man would probably approach the young woman's bed with, to say the least, a failing heart.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|Strength, strength is what I need; nothing can be done without strength; and strength must be gained by strength.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Never ever let your hope and faith in God die. Keep hoping until hope dies; remember, however, that hope never dies. God is never an uncaring Father. The most important thing we can ever have from Him whilst we live is the gift of life we have. We must never ever trade it for anything else!
Deborah Cox|I've tried that love thing for the last time. My heart says no, no! Nobody's supposed to be here, but you came along and changed my mind
Judy Blundell, What I Saw and How I Lied|I drove in last night,' he said. 'I couldn't sleep, it was too hot. So I went outside. I was feeling melancholy. Then I danced with a beautiful girl, and I felt better. What's your story?
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|It is not wrong to feel sorry for yourself. Just like it is not wrong to sit in a puddle of water while the rain pours down on your head. But neither is productive, unless you enjoy feeling cold and miserable and soggy while mascara runs down your face.
Debasish Mridha|Whatever you do, foolish or wise, important or unimportant, do with love and enthusiasm.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|Because I can't help doing it," he said with a shrug. "And hey, if I keep loving you, maybe you'll eventually crack and love me too. Hell, I'm pretty sure you're already half in love with me.""I am not! And everything you just said is ridiculous. That's terrible logic."Adrian returned to his crossword puzzle. "Well, you can think what you want, so long as you remember-no matter how ordinary things seem between us-I'm still here, still in love with you, and care about you more than any other guy, evil or otherwise, ever will.""I don't think you're evil.""See? Things are already looking promising.
L.P. Hartley, The Go-Between|No, I thought, growing more rebellious, life has its own laws and it is for me to defend myself against whatever comes along, without going snivelling to God about sin, my own or other people's. How would it profit a man if he got into a tight place, to call he people who put him there miserable sinners? Or himself a miserable sinner? I disliked the levelling aspect of this sinnerdom, it was like a cricket match played in a drizzle, where everybody had an excuse - and what a dull excuse! - for playing badly. Life was meant to test a man, bring out his courage, initiative, resource; and I longed, I thought, to be tested: I didn't want to fall on my knees and call myself a miserable sinner. But the idea of goodness did attract me, for I did not regard it as the opposite of sin. I saw it as something bright and positive and sustaining, like the sunshine, something to be adored, but from afar.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Man is fully responsible for his nature, choices and lifestyle.
Jillian Keenan, Sex with Shakespeare: Here's Much to Do with Pain, but More with Love|I like to quote Shakespeare. But in this case, the rapper Eminem said it best: Words are a motherfucker.
Lauren McLaughlin, Scored|In a society as broken as ours, "antisocial" behavior is the only behavior worth defending.
Pearl Bailey|Each atom of the Holy Spirit is intelligent, and like all other matter has solidity, form, and size, and occupies space.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Though sometimes you must have an unstoppable courage, it must be with a well defined humility for purposeful living! Humility is not just good for our lives; it also greatly saves our lives, integrity and true purpose! Don’t just think you are on top of the world just because you stand on the tallest building. When the building collapses, you may be far worse than they that walk besides the building who can run away upon seeing it collapsing!
William Shakespeare|A real decision makes one humble, one knows that it is at the mercy of more things that can be named.
Frederick Espiritu, One Whole Naked Me|If you wish to know the truth of who you are,follow the voice that calls you home.Go there.For where our love is,there we will be.
Autumn Doughton, On an Edge of Glass|WRAP ME UPI shiver.He pulls away."Are you cold?" he asks."A little.Plus... you know.""What?""Um... your kisses?"He laughs,pulls me downonto the blanketand wraps his armsand legs around me.Perfect.My kind of blanket.
Elizabeth Bowen|Karen, her elbows folded on the deck-rail, wanted to share with someone the pleasure in being alone: this is the paradox of any happy solitude. She had never landed at Cork, so this hill and that hill beyond were as unexpected as pictures at which you say "Oh look!" Nobody was beside her to share the moment, which would have been imperfect with anyone else there.
Percy Bysshe Shelley|The hand that mocked them, and the heart that fed:
Robert Casey|Although we have, in theory, abolished human slavery, recognized women's rights, and stopped child labor, we continue to enslave other species who, if we simply pay attention, show quite clearly that they experience parental love, pain, and the desire for freedom, just as we do.
Tia Mowry|Having children is my greatest achievement. It was my saviour. It switched my focus from the outside to the inside. My children are gifts, they remind me of what's important.
M.B. Dallocchio|I have often reflected upon the new vistas that reading opened to me. I knew right there, in prison, that reading had changed forever the course of my life. As I see it today, the ability to read awoke inside me some long dormant craving to be mentally alive. I certainly wasn’t seeking any degree, the way a college confers a status symbol upon its students. My home made education gave me, with every additional book that I read, a little bit more sensitivity to the deafness, dumbness, and blindness that was afflicting the black race in America. Not long ago, an English writer telephoned me from London asking questions. One was, “What’s your alma mater?” I told him, “Books.” You will never catch me with a free fifteen minutes in which I’m not studying something I feel might be able to help the black man.
Barbra Streisand|I wanted to deliver babies and become a midwife. I think childbirth is one of the most amazing things you could ever experience, and I loved working with people and seeing the joys in family when they welcome a new member to it. It really brought me joy to be around that.
Carrie Fisher|If we didn't want to upset anyone, we would make films about sewing, but even that could be dangerous. But I think finally, in a film, it is how the balance is and the feelings are. But I think there has to be those contrasts and strong things within a film for the total experience.
Taylor Swift, Taylor Swift - Fearless: Easy Guitar with Notes & Tab|You take a deep breath and you walk through the doors. It's the morning of your very first day. You say hi to your friends you ain't seen in a while, try and stay out of everybody's way. It's your freshman year and your gonna be here for the next four years in this town. Hopin' one of those senior boys will wink at you and say, "You know I haven't seen you around before." 'Cause when you're fifteen and somebody tells you they love you, you're gonna believe them. And when you're fifteen, feelin' like there's nothin' to figure out, but, count to ten, take it in. This is life before you know who you're gonna be. Fifteen.
Dee Brown, Bury My Heart at Wounded Knee: An Indian History of the American West|We admit that we will never reach our ideal in this life, a distinctive the church claims that most other human institutions try to deny.
Jenn Bennett, Summoning the Night|But there was only so much worrying you could do before you just had to accept what life throws at you and move on, because some things were going to be out of your control, and others can’t be fixed or changed. And for everything I’d lost over the last couple of months, I still had a lot. More than I expected, actually.”.
Sándor Márai, Embers|Every exercise of power incorporates a faint, almost imperceptible, element of contempt for those over whom the power is exercised. One can only dominate another human soul if one knows, understands, and with the utmost tact despises the person one is subjugating.
Jack London, The Sea Wolf|If the devil ever raised a garden, the Everglades was it.
Brian   Joyce, The B-Side Diaries|He had defended himself against death from without, and then it had carried him off from within.
Sunday Adelaja|Even in extreme conditions, we should not act according to the flesh, for it lusts against the spirit
Stephen King, The Stand|She could smell damprot, high, sweet, and cloying. She could smell madness like dead vegetables in a dark cellar.
Paracelsus|The stars awaken a certain reverence, because though always present, they are inaccessible
Debra Ginsberg|Through the blur, I wondered if I was alone or if other parents felt the same way I did - that everything involving our children was painful in some way. The emotions, whether they were joy, sorrow, love or pride, were so deep and sharp that in the end they left you raw, exposed and yes, in pain. The human heart was not designed to beat outside the human body and yet, each child represented just that - a parent's heart bared, beating forever outside its chest.
Michel Foucault|It's counterproductive to lower my price, because I have to sell more units to make up for that lost revenue. Generating brand-new products can take a long time. Improving service is typically the quickest way that I can take market share. So aligning technology strategy to better service customers becomes an essential path to revenue growth.
Charles Duhigg, The Power of Habit: Why We Do What We Do in Life and Business|You must believe to see, see to do, do to improve, and improve consistently to win; therefore, believing is the key to winning.
Joan Didion, Slouching Towards Bethlehem|it is hard for me to believe that Cornelius Vanderbilt did not sense, at some point in time, in some dim billiard room of his unconscious, that when he built “The Breakers” he damned himself.
Mary Oliver, House of Light|I'm not alone," said the boy. "I've got a puppy.
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|Do you think I am a foo, Masha? All this time, and you speak to me as though I were a flighty pinprick of a girl. I am a magician! Did you ever think, even once, that I loved lipstick and rouge for more than their color alone? I am a student of their lore, and it is arcane and hermetic beyond the dreams of alchemists. Did you ever wonder why I gave you so many pots, so many creams, so much perfume?...Cosmetics are an extension of the will. Why do you think all men paint themselves when they go to fight? When I paint my eyes to match my soup, it is not because I have nothing better to do than worry over trifles. It says, I belong here, and you will not deny me. When I streak my lips red as foxgloves, I say, Come here, male. I am your mate, and you will not deny me. When I pinch my cheeks and dust them with mother-of-pearl, I say, Death, keep off, I am your enemy and you will not deny me. I say these things, and the world listens, Masha. Because my magic is as strong as an arm. I am never denied.
Manmohan Singh|A loser is one who has "given up on his dreams",so long as you are trying, you haven't lost yet!
Janet Frame, Scented Gardens for the Blind|As a leader it is your job to protect the missional integrity of the Jesus gathering to which you have been called. It is your responsibility to see to it that the church under your care continues as a gathering of people in process; a place where the curious,the unconvinced, the sceptical, the used-to-believe and the broken, as well as the committed, informed and sold-out come together around Peter's declaration that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of the living God.
Christopher Babson|Your life is not a result of your potential, skills or desires, but of your consistent expectations and actions, which largely flow from your values and beliefs.
Gustave Flaubert, Memoirs of a Madman|Everyone rushes wherever his instincts impel him, the populace swarms like insects over a corpse, poets pass by without having the time to sculpt their thoughts, hardly have they scribbled their ideas down on sheets of paper than the sheets are blown away; everything glitters and everything resounds in this masquerade, beneath its ephemeral royalties and its cardboard scepters, gold flows, wine cascades, cold debauchery lifts her skirts and jigs around…horror! horror! and then there hangs over it all a veil that each one grabs part of to hide himself the best he can. Derision! Horror – horror!
Rebecca Solnit, Wanderlust: A History of Walking|When you give yourself to places, they give you yourself back; the more one comes to know them, the more one seeds them with the invisible crop of memories and associations that will be waiting for when you come back, while new places offer up new thoughts, new possibilities. Exploring the world is one the best ways of exploring the mind, and walking travels both terrains.
D. Martyn Lloyd-Jones, Studies in the Sermon on the Mount|Whatever you do, be sure to do it well.
Nisargadatta Maharaj|I wasn't living, just existing.
Debasish Mridha|To be kind to others, be kind to yourself first.
Swami Dhyan Giten|Sermon of the MountsMatthew 5AND SEEING THE MULTITUDES, HE WENT UP INTO THE MOUNTAINS, AND WHEN HE WAS SET, HIS DISCIPLES CAME UNTO HIM. The multitudes, the masses, the crowd, is the lowest state of consciousness. It is a deep ignorance and sleep. If you want to relate and communicate with the masses, you have to come down to their level. That is why whenever you go into the masses, the crowd, you start to feel suffocated. This suffocation is physical and psychological, beacuse you relate to people, who functions from a very low state of consciousness. They pull you down and you become physically and psychologically tired and drained. That is why a need for meditation and aloneness arises. There is a practice in the life of Jesus that he noves into the crowds of people, but after a few months he goes to the mountains. He goes away from the crowd, to be with God. When you are alone, you are with God. To relate to the masses brings you down to their level of consciousness, but only in the presence of God, you can fly.With the crowd, you can not fly, you become crippled, and the masses will not tolerate if you do not live according to them, according to their level of consciousness.To be able to work with the masses, to be able to help them, you have to relate to them according to their level fo consciousness - and this is tiring and draining.Both Jesus and Buddha moved to the mounatins, to a lonely place, just to be themselves, and to be with God to regain their vitality to be able to come back to the masses where people are thristy. The montain is where Jesus do not need to think about the masses, where he can forget the mind and the body. In that moment of aloneness and meditation, one simply is. This is the inner being, the source of life. And when you are full again, you can share again. AND WHEN HE WAS SET, HIS DISCIPLES CAME UNTO HIM. To talk to the masses and to talk to disciples is two very different things. To talk to the crowd is to talk to people, who are indifferent. The crowd is resisting, defensive and argumentative. To talk to disciples means to talk to people, who have a basic thirst. It means that they are not defensive, they are open to listen to the heart of truth. AND HE OPENED HIS MOUTH, AND TAUGHT THEM, SAYING.Jesus escaped into the mountains from the crowd, but he did not escape from the disciples.He was available to the disciples.In his aloneness, Jesus is with God. And through Jesus, the disciples can feel God. The closer the disciple come to Jesus, the more they will see that Jesus is a silence and emptiness through which God can sing. And the more the disciple himself will become an emptiness, he will also be able to help other people. AND HE OPENED HIS MOUTH, AND TAUGHT THEM, SAYING. BLESSED ARE THE POOR IN SPIRIT, FOR THEIRS IS THE KINGDOM OF GOD. This is the most fundamental statement of Jesus.With this statement, Jesus has said everything. The "poor in spirit" is exactly what Buddha means with the term Shunyatta - "emptiness", no-self, nothingness.It is when the ego disappears, and you are a nobody, a silence. If you are a nobody, if you are nothing, you are God.
Kay Redfield Jamison, An Unquiet Mind: A Memoir of Moods and Madness|Mother, who has an absolute belief that it is not the cards that one is dealt in life, it is how one plays them, is, by far, the highest card I was dealt.
Amy Sherman-Palladino|Antique things have an appreciation and worth. Something can be old, but it can be timeless; therefore, it becomes an antique. If this antique is preserved and deemed precious, it could be passed down as a family heirloom.
Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading|Mathematics is one of the major modern mysteries. Perhaps it is the leading one, occupying a place in our society similar to the religious mysteries of another age. If we want to know something about what our age is all about, we should have some understanding of what mathematics is, and of how the mathematician operates and thinks.
Derek Bok|The most obvious purpose of college education is to help students acquire information and knowledge by acquainting them with facts, theories, generalizations, principles, and the like. This purpose scarcely requires justification.
Nina Lane, Awaken|Trust your instincts, follow your bliss, make plans, work hard, learn to let things go. Don’t be late. Remember that fortune favors the brave. Live. If you need to run, try and run toward something. Study for tests. Laugh at silly cartoons. Be organized. If you fall seven times, get up eight. Always carry an extra pen. Believe you can do everything. Find your key.
Samantha Chase, Wildest Dreams|Maybe we should go to JT's or bowling or something."The lopsided grin on Reece's face was probably just as sexy as his kiss, Alesha thought.Reaching for her hand, he gave it a gentle squeeze. "If that's what you really want to do, we'll do it, but I think we can control ourselves for the rest of the night." Then he winked. "If that's what you really want.
Sri Sri Ravi Shankar|She was a great wife...and a wonderful mother, a good daughter, a devoted sister and a truly nice person, which doesn't sound like much but it was one of her ambitions, to be a nice person, and she really got there, I think. She was always there. Or close, anyway.Of course, she did spend her first thrity-nine years worrying too much and waiting for rotten things to happen to her. Then when they did, and some of the things were obviously, really, truly rotten, she realised she could have a lot more fun not waiting for them. So you know what she did then? She just stopped seeing the rot.
Howard Zinn, A People's History of the United States|Case had always taken it for granted that the real bosses, the kingpins in a given industry, would be both more and less than people... He'd seen it in the men who'd crippled him in Memphis, he'd seen Wage affect the semblance of it in Night City, and it had allowed him to accept Armitrage's flatness and lack of feeling. He'd always imagined it as a gradual and willing accommodation of the machine, the system, the parent organism. It was the root of street cool, too, the knowing posture that implied connection, invisible lines up to hidden levels of influence.
Bill Bryson, Neither Here nor There: Travels in Europe|As a way of life, an act of love, an expression of faith, our hospitality reflects and anticipates God's welcome. Simultaneously costly and wonderfully rewarding, hospitality often involves small deaths and little resurrections. By God's grace we can grow more willing, more eager, to open the door to a needy neighbor, a weary sister or brother, a stranger in distress. Perhaps as we open that door more regularly, we will grow increasingly sensitive to the quiet knock of angels. In the midst of a life-giving practice, we too might catch glimpses of Jesus who asks for our welcome and welcomes us home.
Jemima Khan|I could have been on a path that led to different, more traditional teen romance, and 'Nip/Tuck' shook me loose from any generalization I might have been forced into. It helped me understand I wanted to take on things that were edgier, more challenging and riskier.
Ali ibn Abi Talib|He who has a thousand friends has not a friend to spare,And he who has one enemy will meet him everywhere. 
John A. Widtsoe, An Understandable Religion|There is a purpose in life--to raise men nearer to the likeness of God. Whoever seeks that ideal, daily, finds joy; and in no other way can true joy be found.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|That policy which aims at raising the objective exchange-value of money is called, after the most important means at its disposal, restrictionism or deflationism. This nomenclature does not really embrace all the policies that aim at an increase in the value of money. The aim of restrictionism may also be attained by not increasing the quantity of money when the demand for it increases, or by not increasing it enough. This method has quite often been adopted as a way of increasing the value of money in face of the problems of a depreciated credit-money standard.
Jock Camp|Hi! Jock Camp here,I wrote this book out of a genuine need: lots of people like to suck cock, but few people know how to suck cock deep. When they do they gag. While gagging can be fun with the right guy, it's not for everyone. Sometimes you just want to suck cock deep and enjoy deep cock. If that's you, or someone you know, please try this fun and easy guide. Let's Suck Cock! Jock Camp
Tommy Wallach, We All Looked Up|I had fainted, unless I had believed to see the goodness of the Lord in the land of the living.David
Esther Williams|Some people say funny things, but I say things funny.
Sandhya Jane, Second Spring|Happiness and Peace is something we nurture from within, Cultivate yours and enjoy the sunshine, feel the warmth.
Robin Marantz Henig|Life is abundant, and life is beautiful. And it's a good place that we're all in, you know, on this earth, if we take care of it.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|See how he cowers and sneaks, how vaguely all the day he fears, not being immortal nor divine, but the slave and prisoner of his own opinion of himself, a fame won by his own deeds.
Lord Dunsany, Monster Mix|The world is old and full of lessons. We will not lack for examples. We only have to look around carefully, earnestly, so we can learn and realize that success, to be genuine, must not be propelled by greed.
Blake Nelson, Paranoid Park|I stood there, watching her. The whole world was a dream, I realized. Everyone was acting in a bad soap opera. The whole world was one big FOX TV show.
Elena Ferrante, My Brilliant Friend|I am bewildering you a little. Just enough to help you forget what you came to believe, so that you can remember what you’ve always known.
Jeff VanderMeer, Authority|Attempting to succeed in a competitive external environment, we can lose track of how to live without anxiety.
Afton Rorvik|Dying and living, weeping and laughing--all parts of our existence here on earth. What would happen in your friendships if together you embraced the hard parts of life and did not fear weeping together?
Ashly Lorenzana|No original thought still exists. People are original, each one of them. The same ideas that others had before you are waiting for you to bring them back to life in a new way. The part of who you are that is left behind within these old ideas is what makes them original all over again.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|And what have I done?" What? WHAT?...You've stolen them." With that, Cornelia fled, but Buttercup understood; she knew who "them" was. The boys. The beef-witted featherbrained rattledskulled clodpated dim-domed noodle-noggined sapheaded lunk-knobbed BOYS.
Laura Knight Jadczyk, The Secret History of the World and How to Get Out Alive|We attribute to ourselves qualities that we do not possess because if we possessed them, our lives would exactly mirror our image of ourselves. Our lies about what is really happening in our lives are what we use to "patch up" our ego with rationalizations and justifications, all of which conceal from us the fact that we cannot really do anything because we have no Being.
Jerry Moran|When I was a graduate student, the leading spirits at Harvard were interested in the history of ideas.
Christine de Pizan, The Book of the City of Ladies|For you know that any evil spoken of women so generally only hurts those who say it, not women themselves.
Halldór Laxness, The Atom Station|I know perfectly well that it is impossible, according to arithmetic and scholarly books, to live in a far valley off a handful of ewes and two low yield cows. But we live, I say. You children all lived; your sisters now have sturdy children in far-off districts. And what you are now carrying under your heart will also live and be welcome, little one, despite arithmetic and scholarly books.
Paul Russell, The Coming Storm|Nothing conceivable is so petty, so insipid, so crowded with paltry interests, in one word, so anti-poetic, as the life of a man in the United States.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|From this arises the question whether it is better to be loved rather than feared, or feared rather than loved. It might perhaps be answered that we should wish to be both: but since love and fear can hardly exist together, if we must choose between them, it is far safer to be feared than loved. 
Karen A. Baquiran|To love others you've got to love yourself, but I love myself too much I've got no place for others.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The resources of Africa are greater than the amount of aid it can ever get. Hence, Africa needs to manage its resources prudently and efficiently to minimise its dependence on aid.
Laura Gentile, Seraphic Addiction|If you are a good hacker everybody knows you, But if you are a great hacker nobody knows you.
Hans Christian Andersen, The Snow Queen|I can give her no greater power than she has already, said the woman; don't you see how strong that is? How men and animals are obliged to serve her, and how well she has got through the world, barefooted as she is. She cannot receive any power from me greater than she now has, which consists in her own purity and innocence of heart. If she cannot herself obtain access to the Snow Queen, and remove the glass fragments from little Kay, we can do nothing to help her.
Brian Spellman|Every politician brings in a wide range of context, promises and characters to bring his mission of you to listen to his words and vote for him and later he won't listen to you at any range.
Nicolas Cage|To say nothing, especially when speaking, is half the art of diplomacy.
Subodh Gupta, 7 Food Habits for Weight Loss Forever|Mark came home late one frozen Sunday carrying a bag of small, silver fish. They were smelts, locally known as icefish. He’d brought them at the store in the next town south, across from which a little village had sprung up on the ice of the lake, a collection of shacks with holes drilled in and around them. I’d seen the men going from the shore to the shacks on snowmobiles, six-packs of beer strapped on behind them like a half dozen miniature passengers. “Sit and rest,” Mark said. “I’m cooking.” He sautéed minced onion in our homemade butter, added a little handful of crushed, dried sage, and when the onion was translucent, he sprinkled n flour to make a roux, which he loosened with beer, in honor of the fishermen. He added cubed carrot, celery root, potato, and some stock, and then the fish, cut into pieces, and when they were all cooked through he poured in a whole morning milking’s worth of Delia’s yellow cream. Icefish chowder, rich and warm, eaten while sitting in Mark’s lap, my feet so close to the woodstove that steam came off my damp socks.
Travis Barker|To us, family means putting your arms around each other and being there.
Raymond Carver|Lots of times I’m not crazy about the writing, but I keep moving ahead and somehow it gets better. The important thing is to move forward.
Zack W. Van|Prayers Are Free, But Change is going to cost you.
Elizabeth Massie, Kolchak: The Night Stalker Casebook|Janet Malcolm had famously described journalism as the art of seduction and betrayal. Any reporter who didn't see journalism as "morally indefensible" was either "too stupid" or "too full of himself," she wrote. I disagreed. Without shutting the door on the possibility that I was both stupid and full of myself, I'd never bought into the seduction and betrayal conceit. At most, journalism - particularly when writing about media-hungry public figures - was like the seduction of a prostitute. The relationship was transactional. They weren't talking to me because they liked me or because I impressed them; they were talking to me because they wanted the cover of Rolling Stone.
Simon Newcomb|My father followed, during most of his life, the precarious occupation of a country school teacher.
Jonathan V. Last|Learn from all, but copy none and just be yourself.
Arlie Russell Hochschild|Offering unequal leaves just reinforces the longstanding notion that parenting responsibilities aren't equal, and that doesn't help anyone.
Dean Briggs, The Most Important Little Boy In The World - A Novel -|I don't want to die, but I don't want to be the only one to live, either. When I was sitting alone last night, I kind of figured maybe that's how Jesus felt.
Mehmet Murat ildan|We're all here. We're close to the truck, and we met Kenton, a fine citizen of Salem. We rescued Izzy and found our way through a very sad darkness, dangers that we knew from Izzy's Orion interpretation would be waiting for us. We're definitely on the right track.
Julie Bowen|I made a resolution in 2010 to stop drinking Diet Coke, and I haven't had Diet Coke since then. I think it was the best life change I've ever made, because I drank quite a lot of it.
Hermann Hesse, Wandering|Like an attack this melancholy comes from time to time. I don't know at what intervals, and slowly covers my sky with clouds. It begins with an unrest in the heart, with a premonition of anxiety, probably with my dreams at night. People, houses, colors, sounds that otherwise please me become dubious and seem false. Music gives me a headache. All my mail becomes upsetting and contains hidden arrows. At such times, having to converse with people is torture and immediately leads to scenes... Anger, suffering, and complaints are directed at everything, at people, at animals, at the weather, at God, at the paper in the book one is reading, at the material of the very clothing one has on. But anger, impatience, complaints and hatred have no effect on things and are deflected from everything, back to myself.
Jenny Han|I notice you didn’t include a blade with your new attire,” Royce said. “Not even a little jeweled dagger.”“Lords no.” Albert looked appalled. “I don’t fight.”“I thought all nobles learned sword fighting.” Royce looked to Hadrian.“I thought so too.”“Nobles with competent fathers perhaps. I spent my formative years at my aunt’s at Huffington Manor. She held a daily salon, where a dozen noble ladies came to discuss all manner of philosophical topics, like how much they hated their husbands. I’ve never actually held a sword, but I can tie a mean corset and apply face paint like a gold-coin whore.
DMX|Mariah is a beautiful and talented person, and I've had a crush on her for as long as I can remember. Every day, my respect for Mariah continues to grow higher. She's a caring, warm and funny person. People have no idea how funny she is! I feel like I've always known she was my forever love.
Lykke Li|My life is gardening, cleaning around the house and power washing.
Peter Matthiessen, The Snow Leopard|I grow into these mountains like a moss. I am bewitched. The blinding snow peaks and the clarion air, the sound of earth and heaven in the silence, the requiem birds, the mythic beasts, the flags, great horns, and old carved stones, the silver ice in the black river, the Kang, the Crystal Mountain. Also, I love the common miracles-the murmur of my friends at evening, the clay fires of smudgy juniper, the coarse dull food, the hardship and simplicity, the contentment of doing one thing at a time… gradually my mind has cleared itself, and wind and sun pour through my head, as through a bell. Though we talk little here, I am never lonely; I am returned into myself. In another life-this isn’t what I know, but how I feel- these mountains were my home; there is a rising of forgotten knowledge, like a spring from hidden aquifers under the earth. To glimpse one’s own true nature is a kind of homegoing, to a place East of the Sun, West of the Moon- the homegoing that needs no home, like that waterfall on the supper Suli Gad that turns to mist before touching the earth and rises once again to the sky.
|Negative thoughts have the tendency to persuade one to doubt one's true destiny in life. This is why you should always stay on guard against negativity, and never allow self-defeating words to convince you to settle for anything less than your positive purpose in life.
Jane Urquhart, The Stone Carvers|Someday," Joseph said to his granddaughter, "someday something will happen and you will want to go back to the carving. You won't be able to prevent yourself; that's just the way it is. The world always somehow takes us back to the chisel. Something happens and we have to respond.
Kameron Hurley, Our Faces, Radiant Sisters, Our Faces Full of Light!|Father Hobbe, his cassock skirts hitched up to his waist, was fighting with a quarterstaff, ramming the pole into French faces. ‘In the name of the Father,’ he shouted, and a Frenchman reeled back with a pulped eye, ‘and of the Son,’ Father Hobbe snarled as he broke a man’s nose, ‘and of the Holy Ghost!
Helmut Kohl|There are no ideas in the Republican Party right now in the Congress. They're the party of no. They desperately need some intellectual leadership. And whatever you think of Newt Gingrich, he can supply intellectual leadership. So I hope he does run.
Nadine Velazquez|Jealousy is not at all low, but it catches us humbled and bowed down, at first sight.
Franz Christian Israel Digital Entrepreneurs.|We are a generation that is obsessed with nostalgia. Everything from the past is so readily available in ways that it never was before and because of that, western civilization will experience a period of arrested growth. The future holds fifty-year-old men and women running Disney Princess blogs. Bank on it.
Stephen Reid Andrews, Remnant of the Beast|Sometimes when you have a wild dream [massive vision]people intend to run away from you but is not that they hate you or jealous of you. Simply they can't see what you see, they can't hear what you hear and they don't know what you know. The best thing is to love them in spite of their silence.
Percy Bysshe Shelley|I'm always sad to leave paradise, but I leave behind the hopes of coming again soon.
Kylie Scott, Play|I think I know what he is REALLY doing in there... and thinking about ME while doing it." (continuing) "But when he thinks of me, he thinks: sister! Think: Byblis! BYBLIS! I don't think of him as my brother, I think of him as CAUNUS!
Anthony Liccione|In post-Nietzschean spirit, the West appears to be busily undermining its own erstwhile metaphysical foundations with an unholy mélange of practical materialism, political pragmatism, moral and cultural relativism, and philosophical skepticism.
Henri Matisse|The computer can't tell you the emotional story. It can give you the exact mathematical design, but what's missing is the eyebrows.
VicDo|It depends on you, to keep pushing forward until you win or giving in. Always choice the former.
Chris Hadfield|I can't help but smile when I ride Valegro; I think something, and he does it. I laugh, and I think, 'God, how does he know? I didn't even ask. I just thought it.'
N.T. Wright, The Last Word: Beyond the Bible Wars to a New Understanding of the Authority of Scripture|Many in the church have turned their back on serious study, and have embraced an anti-intellectualism which refuses to learn anything from scholarship at all lest it corrupt their pure faith. It is time to end this standoff, and to reestablish a hermeneutic of trust (itself a sign of the gospel!) in place of the hermeneutic of suspicion which the church has so disastrously borrowed from the postmodern world.
Ronald Reagan|What women are concerned in is developing their own individuality, and hence they refuse to call any man master, be he husband or spiritual guide. Personal freedom is more precious to them than the protection of the best men. The women they envy are not those who are simply wives and mothers, but those who by honest intelligent work have attained distinction in any line of effort, and whose creed has been self-reliance.
Herbert Simon|What information consumes is rather obvious: it consumes the attention of its recipients. Hence a wealth of information creates a poverty of attention, and a need to allocate that attention efficiently among the overabundance of information sources that might consume it.
Kyoko Yoshida|We do not know if she collapsed because of overwhelming joy, extreme surprise, grave disappointment, or heavy anxiety that for the next months and years she would live with a human male, because in fact she had been honest when she told her girlfriends that she had given up on men, OR NONE OF THE ABOVE.
Joyce Carol Oates, My Sister, My Love|Freaky kids like us can’t ever be normal- Tyler says smugly- Our generation is some new kind of “evolutionary development”, my shrink says- “Normal” is just “average”, not cool. My latest diagnosis is “A.P.M”, Acute Premature Melancholia”, usually an affliction of late middle age, they think is genetic since Ty Senoir has had it all his life, too.You look if you might be A.P.M, too, Sky: that kind of pissed-off mopey look in your face like you swallowed something really gross and can’t spit it out.
Richard Matheson, I Am Legend|He stood there for a moment looking around the silent room, shaking his head slowly. All these books, he thought, the residue of a planet's intellect, the scrapings of futile minds, the leftovers, the potpourri of artifacts that had no power to save men from perishing.
|When people pressure you to engage in negative decisions and actions, look at them boldly in the eyes and dare them to do good.
Gloria Steinem|Without leaps of imagination or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all is a form of planning.
The Prophet|The statement 'the Shariah says...' is thus automatically misleading, as there is almost always more than one answer to any legal question.
James MacDonald, Christ-Centered Biblical Counseling: Changing Lives with God's Changeless Truth|We can’t really explain what the goal of mentoring is, until we understand what the church is for.
Brad Meltzer, History Decoded: The 10 Greatest Conspiracies of All Time|...this cryptic game of hide-and-seek is what makes it one of the greatest historical mysteries. So many of the symbols can be interpreted in so many different ways, there's always the possibility that all we're really looking at is a blank slate onto which anything can be read.
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|A high school student wrote to ask, "What was the greatest event in American history?" I can't say. However, I suspect that like so many "great" events, it was something very simple and very quiet with little or no fanfare (such as someone forgiving someone else for a deep hurt that eventually changed the course of history). The really important "great" things are never center stage of life's dramas; they're always "in the wings". That's why it's so essential for us to be mindful of the humble and the deep rather than the flashy and the superficial.
Gavin Extence, The Universe Versus Alex Woods|In moments of great stress, the mind focuses itself upon some quite unimportant matter which is remembered long afterwards with the utmost fidelity, driven in, as it were, by the mental stress of the moment. It may be some quite irrelevant detail, like the pattern of a wallpaper, but it will never be forgotten.
Dan Buettner|I'm not scared of anything in particular, but I am motivated by a fear of failure as opposed to a need to succeed.
Mary Berry|I am a bit of a mother hen at Christmas! I always prepare in advance. It is the only way; otherwise, it can be really daunting.
Deborah Lawrenson, The Lantern|...even a poisoned, desolate childhood can be missed.
Dick Gephardt|Writing has nothing to do with communication between person and person, only with communication between different parts of a person's mind.
Eric Maskin|If budget planning requires gathering information from people who may not always have the incentive to disclose that information, then the principles of mechanism design can definitely be of use in such planning.
Gary L. Francione|If we are ever going to see a paradigm shift, we have to be clear about how we want the present paradigm to shift.We must be clear that veganism is the unequivocal baseline of anything that deserves to be called an “animal rights” movement. If “animal rights” means anything, it means that we cannot morally justify any animal exploitation; we cannot justify creating animals as human resources, however “humane” that treatment may be.We must stop thinking that people will find veganism “daunting” and that we have to promote something less than veganism. If we explain the moral ideas and the arguments in favor of veganism clearly, people will understand. They may not all go vegan immediately; in fact, most won’t. But we should always be clear about the moral baseline. If someone wants to do less as an incremental matter, let that be her/his decision, and not something that we advise to do. The baseline should always be clear. We should never be promoting “happy” or “humane” exploitation as morally acceptable.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|This is Leo. I'm the... What's my title? Am I like, admiral, or captain, or...""Repair boy.""Very funny, Piper.
Alexander Pope|Postmodernism surely requires an even greater grasp of symbolism, as it's increasingly an art of gesture alone.
Ann Rinaldi, Wolf by the Ears|The house was so quiet, as if everyone had been spirited out of sight. I had a feeling of moving through time itself. I saw myself as a small, scurrying animal rushing into my future. But I was not afraid.
Oppong Amankwaa|Maybe the moral of the legend is that we are all carved, created, and formed by a master hand. Maybe we are all works of art.
Neha Yazmin, Someone Like You|Forgiveness before one’s death, isn’t just about asking and receiving it, it’s also about forgiving others.
cassella carol|Raney flipped the book over and looked at the jacket cover, realized it was one of the books Bo had left at her house the first summer he'd been in Quentin--one of the few he hadn't read. "It's a novel, Grandpa. ENDER'S GAME by a man named Card. Orson Card," and she continued reading through the first page until he interrupted her again. "I just got out of the hospital--I don't want to hear a story about people having operations." "Well, what DO you want? LITTLE HOUSE ON THE PRAIRIE? "At least I'd learn something useful.
Liz Moore, The Unseen World|As a parting gift, he gave Harold the key chain from his house keys, the ones that opened the gate to Hamilton Arms: it was a clover, a charm for luck. Its stem was a little drawer, into which, Harold later found, George had put a love note. Harold kept the clover for the rest of his life.
Dodie Smith, I Capture the Castle|No," Lana said, "I'm not going to heal your scratch.""Good," Sanjit said."Good? Why good?""Because when you hold my hand, I don't want it to be work for you.
Kris Kidd, Down for Whatever|I’m a lot like you,and you’re a lot like me.It’s sad to say,and it’s sad to see.
Brad Paisley|No one dislikes LL Cool J. If you meet LL Cool J, you fall in love with LL Cool J. LL and I had mutual friends, and he and I had always talked about doing something. My fans know LL's music. And I love him - we're blood brothers at this point. We've been through the fire together. I know no finer person.
Owl City, Ocean Eyes [Deluxe Edition]|Then I thought, boy, isn't that just typical? You wait and wait and wait for something, and then when it happens, you feel sad.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|The only way to efficiently battle evil is to copy enough to know how to counter each argument, yet not enough to believe all the bullshit.
Tom Panaggio|Failure is temporary, but defeat is permanent.
Rose Wynters, Phase Four: Analyze|Eyes and ears are not the problem... It is rage that blinds and deafens us. Or fear. Envy, mistrust. The world contracts, gets all out of joint when you are angry or afraid.
Joan Oliver Goldsmith, How Can We Keep from Singing: Music and the Passionate Life|If you find yourself pulled beyond all practicality toward doing something -- writing poetry, building a business, restoring old cars, planting a secret garden; if at four in the morning the right word comes to you, the perfect flower to plant in that particular spot -- you are playing your invisible instrument.
Rolando Hinojosa, Korean Love Songs From Klail City Death Trip|It comes down to this: we're pieces of equipmentTo be counted and signed for. On occasion some of us break down,And those parts which can't be salvagedAre replaced with other GI parts, that's all.
Jessica Steele, Reluctant Relative|I’m about to berate his tactics, to deny any feelings for him, when he cups the nape of my neck and presses his lips to mine, velvety soft. It’s nothing but a peck, yet the flavor of the tart he sampled lingers like a warm, savory bruise—an irresistible torment to the netherling within.He draws back and my skin glistens, radiant prisms reflected off his face and the cushions. I’m gripping his jacket lapels, yet I don’t even remember reaching fo
Tom Stoppard|If you want to change something by Tuesday, theater is no good. Journalism is what does that.But, if you want to just alter the chemistry of the moral matrix, then theater has a longer half-life.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we read, we shall renew our mind.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic|Everybody is playing games. There are games now for pretty much every age, every demographic.
Leo Tolstoy, Война и мир|Because of the self-confidence with which he had spoken, no one could tell whether what he said was very clever or very stupid.
Whitney Barbetti, He Found Me|Together, they at once dodged those parts of themselves and magnified them, making for enigmatic harmony and anarchy.
Lord Byron|I am drawn to women who are independent and creative, which is problematic because it's a struggle, a competition of careers. There's jealousy.
Josephine de La Baume|My husband does so many romantic things for me, it's absurd.
Carl Sagan|Wait a minute, even I've hearda him. He died savin' the entire universe.Choked on cum...
Bill Moyers|If we lived within our means - by being prudent - the 7 billion people in the world could have everything they needed. Global politics should be moving in that direction. But we think as people and countries, not as a species.
Libba Bray, The Diviners|People always fear what they don't understand, Evangeline. History proves that.
Jamie  Mason, Monday's Lie|When someone has learned to minister supernaturally, he will always be abiding in joy, in peace and in rest; he will live righteously, because he knows that the Lord is the One who builds all things, and not man.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Dare to dwell on great thoughts, you will be great.
Ellen DeGeneres|My grandmother started walking five miles a day when she was sixty. She's ninety-seven now, and we don't know where the heck she is.
Angela Merkel|On the court, Jason Collins is not a huge basketball star, but he has already claimed his place in civil rights history as the first openly gay athlete to play in one of the four major U.S. sports leagues.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Advanced technology does not always promise a more intelligent civilization. On the contrary, the more the common people rely on technology to do their thinking and solving for them, the less practice there is left for their own brains.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|Leaf felt buried beneath the remains of their prior life, the ashes coating every part of who he thought he was in this community.
Meg Cabot, Abandon|Small said, "But what about when we are dead and gone, will you love me then, does love go on?"…Large (replied) "Look at the stars, how they shine and glow, some of the stars died a long time ago. Still they shine in the evening skies, for you see…love like starlight never dies…
Richelle Mead, Succubus Dreams|What hope is there?" I asked. "If even angels fall, what hope is there for the rest of us?
Michael Knight, Eveningland: Stories|{She} considered mentioning...how she, to, was all alone. But it didn't matter. So many stupid ways to live and die. She felt a shift inside herself at the thought, a letting go...she had reached a limit now and was moving into something new.
M.A. George, Aqua|You’re injured.” He flicks his chin at my bleeding leg.“We need to get that cleaned up.”“It’ll be fine,” I wave it off. “My mom will descend upon me with a bottle ofperoxide the second I hit the door.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, A Year with Dietrich Bonhoeffer|God loves human beings. God loves the world. Not an ideal human, but human beings as they are; not an ideal world, but the real world. What we find repulsive in their opposition to God, what we shrink back from with pain and hostility, namely, real human beings, the real world, this is for God the ground of unfathomable love.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|She has the most delicious thoughts about you, Tamlin,” he said. “She’s wondered about the feeling of your fingers on her thighs—between them, too.” He chuckled. Even as he said my most private thoughts, even as I burned with outrage and shame, I trembled at the grip still on my mind. Rhysand turned to the High Lord. “I’m curious: Why did she wonder if it would feel good to have you bite her breast the way you bit her neck?” “Let. Her. Go.” Tamlin’s face was twisted with such feral rage that it struck a different, deeper chord of terror in me. “If it’s any consolation,” Rhysand confided to him, “she would have been the one for you—and you might have gotten away with it. A bit late, though. She’s more stubborn than you are.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Keep your eyes open. Look at the world without prejudice, pay attention to your sources, and decide for yourself where the truth lies. That is the greatness of the path I'm offering you.
Douglas Adams, The Salmon of Doubt|Is it really over?" Kurlansky lamented over the dry-docked Massachusetts cod fishermen at the conclusion of his moving, epic book. "Are these the last gatherers of food from the wild to be phased out? Is this the last of wild food? Is our last physical tie to untamed nature to become an obscure delicacy like the occasional pheasant?"These words stayed with me over the years to come. But histories of environmental wrong doing have a strange way of putting traumatic events in the past, sealing off bad human behavior of former times from the unwritten pages of the present and the future.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Although I regularly convince myself otherwise, because I aim at something doesn’t necessarily mean I have a target.
Michelle Obama|That man is a success who has lived well, laughed often and loved much.
Renae A. Sauter|You gave me a soul touch. A touch beyond physical. The most powerful of touch. I thought it was about you but I was wrong it was about me. In me. It took me a lifetime to realize it was me, not you. Thank you for showing me my soul.
Leonard Darwin|Considering the way the prebiotic soup is referred to in so many discussions of the origin of life as an already established reality, it comes as something of a shock to realize that there is absolutely no positive evidence for its existence.
A.W. Tozer, The Attributes of God: A Journey Into the Father's Heart|When Jesus died on the cross the mercy of God did not become any greater. It could not become any greater, for it was already infinite. We get the odd notion that God is showing mercy because Jesus died. No--Jesus died because God is showing mercy. It was the mercy of God that gave us Calvary, not Calvary that gave us mercy. If God had not been merciful there would have been no incarnation, no babe in the manger, no man on a cross and no open tomb.
RVM|If you really want more, then cross the door and get to the shore.
Warren Bennis|Companies are bought for their revenue, customer base, technology, or people. A few great companies offer all of these, but any valuable business offers one.
Ray Bradbury, Something Wicked This Way Comes|I talk. Jim runs. I tilt stones, Jim grabs the cold junk under the stones and -lickety-split! I climb hills. Jim yells off church steeples. I got a bank account. Jim’s got the hair on his head, the yell in his mouth, the shirt on his back and the tennis shoes on his feet. How come I think he’s richer?
Seanan McGuire, One Salt Sea|Hammer the lies! Nail the truth." ~ Angelica Hopes, If I Could Tell You
Mary Oliver|I feel the terror of idleness,like a red thirst.Death isn't just an idea.
Kori David, In Zach's Arms|When are you going to marry her? “As soon as I can find a preacher willing to perform a ceremony with a handcuffed and gagged bride,” Zach replied grimly.
Paitingroads.com|We are our own biggest enemy. We criticize ourselves in a harsh way about everything, our looks, our weight, our careers, our failures and success, the way people treat us; the list goes on. Instead of critiquing ourselves and putting ourselves down, how about tapping ourselves on the shoulder and saying “I did goooood”. GIVE YOURSELF A BREAK.
Robert A. Heinlein|I know where I came from—but where did all you zombies come from?I felt a headache coming on, but a headache powder is one thing I do not take. I did once—and you all went away.So I crawled into bed and whistled out the light.You aren’t really there at all. There isn’t anybody but me—Jane—here alone in the dark.I miss you dreadfully!
Mira Jacob, The Sleepwalker's Guide to Dancing|Push-button motorbike horns, once aroused into action, were like a gaggle of intermittently disgruntled geese caught a in the middle of a very large swarm of fat and lumbering bees: a rumbling engine noise. The bees lurch, barge, and buzz. The geese grumble, natter, and quack. Every day the geese and the bees wake up in the same mood and in the same place.
Sunday Adelaja|Files of the past can be changed through shock, encouragement or pain
Michael Moses|When you're a professional you do your job no matter what gets in the way. You might take a sick day, you might take a personal day, but then you show back up or you won't get paid. Everyone develops his/her own strategy for dealing with days that are not productive.
Nan Goldin|I used to think that I could never lose anyone if I photographed them enough. In fact, my pictures show me how much I’ve lost.
John Perkins, Confessions of an Economic Hit Man|This book was written so that we may take heed and remold our story. I am certain that when enough of us become aware of how we are being exploited by the economic engine that creates an insatiable appetite for the world's resources, and results in systems that foster slavery, we will no longer tolerate it. We will reassess our role in a world where a few swim in riches and the majority drown in poverty, pollution, and violence . We will commit ourselves to navigating a course toward compassion, democracy, and social justice for all.
Jerry Seinfeld|A theme that has always interested me is how women express anger, how women express violence. That is very much part of who women are, and it's so unaddressed. A vast amount of literature deals with cycles of violence about men, antiheroes. Women lack that vocabulary.
Stephen Richards|If we ask, we should also be prepared to give.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Bravado may stir the crowd, but courage needs no audience.
Anna Broadway, Sexless in the City: A Memoir of Reluctant Chastity|God's Grace is greater than all our sins. Repentance is one of the Christian's highest privileges. A repentant Christian focuses on God's mercy and God's grace. Any moment in our lives when we bask in God's mercy and grace is our highest moment. Higher than when we feel smug in our decent performance and cannot think of anything we need to confess... That is potentially a glorious moment. For we could at that moment accept God's abundant Mercy and Grace and go forth with nothing to boast of except Christ Himself, or else we struggle with our shame, focusing on that as well as our track record. We fail because we have shifted our attention from Grace and Mercy. One who draws on God's Mercy and Grace is quick to repent, but also slow to sin.
Thomas A. Edison|I was a common man, and I will always remain a common man. No amount of stardom will ever consume my soul. Money comes, money goes. Fame comes, fame goes. I believe every human being is a celebrity in their own right.
Renita D'Silva, Monsoon Memories|You are a girl, Shirin. Girls don’t run around naked.’‘Why?’‘They just don’t.
Donna Tartt|Why does that obstinate little voice in our heads torment us so?' he said, looking round the table. 'Could it be because it reminds us that we are alive, of our mortality, of our individual souls - which, after all, we are too afraid to surrender but yet make us feel more miserable than any other thing? But isn't it also pain that often makes us most aware of self?
Sunaura Taylor, Beasts of Burden: Animal and Disability Liberation|Nettie set out a loaf of sourdough bread from Baker's Way Bakers, a wodge of runny Camembert, and a container of leftover lamb, rich with garlic and rosemary, nestled on a bed of spicy arugula from the home garden. She'd plucked two sharp green apples from one of the trees in their tiny orchard, and she placed a waxed bag of caramel shortbread beside them.
William H. Gass, The Tunnel|Sing of disappointments more repeated than the batter of the sea, of lives embittered by resentments so ubiquitous the ocean’s salt seems thinly shaken, of letdowns local as the sofa where I copped my freshman’s feel, of failures as frequent as first love, first nights, last stands; do not warble of arms or adventurous deeds or shepherds playing on their private fifes, or of civil war or monarchies at swords; consider rather the slightly squinkered clerk, the soul which has become as shabby and soiled in its seat as worn-out underwear, a life lit like a lonely room and run like a laddered stocking.
Michael J. Fox, Always Looking Up: The Adventures of an Incurable Optimist|No matter how rich or poor you are, all life will come to an halt with two types of destinations; Heaven and Hell.
Larken Rose|When enough people understand reality, tyrants can literally be ignored out of existence. They can't ever be voted out of existence.
Willa Cather, The Song of the Lark|The world is little, people are little, human life is little. There is only one big thing — desire.
Sunday Adelaja|So a complex, by distorting our perception of ourselves in our mind, builds obstacles that prevent achievement of our goals
Fernando Pessoa, Fernando Pessoa and Co.: Selected Poems|Ah, the freshness in the face of leaving a task undone!To be remiss is to be positively out in the country!What a refuge it is to be completely unreliable!I can breathe easier now that the appointments are behind me.I missed them all, through deliberate negligence,Having waited for the urge to go, which I knew wouldn’t come.I’m free, and against organized, clothed society.I’m naked and plunge into the water of my imagination.It’s too late to be at either of the two meetings where I should have been at the same time,Deliberately at the same time...No matter, I’ll stay here dreaming verses and smiling in italics.This spectator aspect of life is so amusing!I can’t even light the next cigarette... If it’s an action,It can wait for me, along with the others, in the nonmeeting called life.
Tim Cook|I do think that Japan will be one of the nations that have equality, and that, too, will serve as an example for other Asian nations.
Friedrich Nietzsche|I’m not totally mad at you. I’m just sad. You’re all locked up in that little world of yours, and when I try knocking on the door, you just sort of look up for a second and go right back inside.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|One word more. You look as if you thought it tainted you to beloved by me. You cannot avoid it. Nay, I, if I would, cannotcleanse you from it. But I would not, if I could. I have neverloved any woman before: my life has been too busy, my thoughtstoo much absorbed with other things. Now I love, and will love.But do not be afraid of too much expression on my part.
Elise Broach, Masterpiece|He remembered hearing Karl tell James once that it was hard for people to ever know what they really looked like. Reflections in mirrors weren’t accurate, Karl said, because when you stared at yourself in a mirror, you subconsciously composed your face in a way that wasn’t your natural expression.Marvin wondered it that was true when you were with strangers too. Maybe you only looked like your true self with the people you loved. And maybe that was a face you yourself hardly ever got to see…
José Saramago|Good be- gets bad, something lost leads to found...
Augusten Burroughs, Dry|There were people everywhere on the city street, but the stranger could not have been more alone if it were empty.
Marsha Roberts, Confessions of an Instinctively Mutinous Baby Boomer: And Her Parable of the Tomato Plant|fear is something i don't you experience unless you have a choice. If you have a choice, you're liable to be afraid. But without a choice, what is there to be afraid of? You just go along and do what has to be done.".,
Richard M. Nixon|History has taught us over and over again that freedom is not free. When push comes to shove, the ultimate protectors of freedom and liberty are the brave men and women in our armed forces. Throughout our history, they've answered the call in bravery and sacrifice.
Vironika Tugaleva|I came to the earth for something, I must do something, and I must live and leave not just anything, but something!
Margaret Edson, Wit|Now is a time for, dare I say it, kindness. I thought being extremely smart would take care of it. But I see I have been found out.
Shannon L. Alder|Sometimes, you will go through awful trials in your life and then a miracle happens--God heals you. Don’t be disheartened when the people you love don’t see things like you do. There will be Pharisees in your life that will laugh it off, deny that it happened, or will mock your experience based on righteousness they think you don't possess. God won't deny you a spiritual experience because you are not a spiritual leader. He loves everyone equal. The only people that really matter in life are the people that can “see” your heart and rejoice with you.
Wadada Leo Smith|I have spent a great deal of my life being part of minorities. Some of the people I admire the most in the world have had the courage to defend, against wind and tide, minority viewpoints in those frightening times when any disagreement with universal conformity is identified as treason.
Frédéric Gros, A Philosophy of Walking|But walking causes absorption. Walking interminably, taking in through your pores the height of the mountains when you are confronting them at length, breathing in the shape of the hills for hours at a time during a slow descent. The body becomes steeped in the earth it treads. And thus, gradually, it stops being in the landscape: it becomes the landscape. That doesn’t have to mean dissolution, as if the walker were fading away to become a mere inflection, a footnote. It’s more a flashing moment: sudden flame, time catching fire. And here, the feeling of eternity is all at once that vibration between presences. Eternity, here, in a spark.
Robin Jones Gunn, Christy Miller Collection, Vol. 4|Every time I watchLady and the TrampI think"SHE'S HAVING SOME OF YOUR PASTA!""QUICK! EAT IT ALL! EAT IT ALL, NOW!!!""GROWL! BARE YOUR TEETH! DO SOMETHING!"OH, DON'T GIVE HER THE MEATBALL!THERE'S MEAT IN IT!""IDIOT!"But then againI'm not the romantic type.
Jon Favreau|Yes, people need food and education. But one of the cornerstones of any society is a well-functioning legal system.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|To exist is to stand out, away from the background," The Preacher said. "You aren't thinking or really existing unless you're willing to risk even your own sanity in the judgment of your existence.
Anthony Doerr, All the Light We Cannot See|Time is a slippery thing: lose hold of it once, and its string might sail out of your hands forever.
Tom Stoppard|If a patron buys from an artist who needs money, the patron then makes himself equal to the artist; he is building art into the world; he creates.
Paul Bowles, The Spider's House|Free culture depends upon vibrant competition. Yet the effect of the law today is to stifle just this kind of competition. The effect is to produce an over-regulated culture, just as the effect of too much control in the market is to produce an over-regulated-regulated market.
Susan Jeffers, Feel the Fear and Do It Anyway|If your portfolio is made up of the investments that you have made in the lives of people, you will have amassed a wealth so vast that all the portfolios that will ever float the trading floor on Wall Street would, by comparison, be reckoned as nothing. And if by chance we dared to live by this truth, we would in fact love like none other.
Heinrich Heine|First, I thought, almost despairing,This must crush my spirit now;Yet I bore it, and am bearing-Only do not ask me how.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes|Problems may be solved in the study which have baffled all those who have sought a solution by the aid of their senses. To carry the art, however, to its highest pitch, it is necessary that the reasoner should be able to use all the facts which have come to his knowledge; and this in itself implies, as you will readily see, a possession of all knowledge, which, even in these days of free education and encyclopaedias, is a somewhat rare accomplishment.
Magith Noohukhan|Never loose hope. Stay strong, you never know what tomorrow brings.
Bill Flores|Between the theme parks and the movies, the Disney iconography was probably the first set of archetypes that I was exposed to. Walt was able to expose me as a child to the full array of emotions, including fear and sorrow. Those movies and attractions haunted my dreams and made a deep impression on me as a child.
Thaiia Senquetta, Honey peppered tongue|Healing is your right, your responsibility and the risk you can't afford not to take.
Eric Jerome Dickey, Pleasure|We tend to treat labels as real, rather than as representations of reality
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|Learning is the way to keep your mind flowing, and hence your life flowing
Dennis Miller|Truth is mighty and will prevail. There is nothing wrong with this, except that it ain't so.
C.J. Daugherty, Night School|What should I say? ‘Well, the murder was a little upsetting, and the fire did worry me a bit. I was nearly date-raped and my ex best friend is crazy. But, hey, at least I’m making an A in History’?
Lemony Snicket, The Bad Beginning|But like so many unfortunate events in life, just because you don't understand it doesn't mean it isn't so.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|Every woman whether rich or poor, married or single, has a circle of influence within which, according to her character, she is exerting a certain amount of power for good or harm. Every woman, by her virtue or her vice, by her folly or her wisdom, by her levity or her dignity, is adding something to our national elevation or degradation. A community is not likely to be overthrown where woman fulfills her mission, for by the power of her noble heart over the hearts of others, she will raise that community from its ruins and restore it again to prosperity and joy.
Kelley Armstrong, The Summoning|I was cautious in what I said before the young lady; for I could not be sure that she was sane; and, in fact, there was a certain restless brilliancy about her eyes that half led me to imagine she was not.
Tom Robbins, Fierce Invalids Home from Hot Climates|All depression has its roots in self-pity, and all self-pity is rooted in people taking themselves too seriously."At the time Switters had disputed her assertion. Even at seventeen, he was aware that depression could have chemical causes."The key word here is roots," Maestra had countered. "The roots of depression. For most people, self-awareness and self-pity blossom simultaneously in early adolescence. It's about that time that we start viewing the world as something other than a whoop-de-doo playground, we start to experience personally how threatening it can e, how cruel and unjust. At the very moment when we become, for the first time, both introspective and socially conscientious, we receive the bad news that the world, by and large, doesn't give a rat's ass. Even an old tomato like me can recall how painful, scary, and disillusioning that realization was. So, there's a tendency, then, to slip into rage and self-pity, which if indulged, can fester into bouts of depression.""Yeah but Maestra - ""Don't interrupt. Now, unless someone stronger and wiser - a friend, a parent, a novelist, filmmaker, teacher, or musician - can josh us out of it, can elevate us and show us how petty and pompous and monumentally useless it is to take ourselves so seriously, then depression can become a habit, which, in tern, can produce a neurological imprint. Are you with me? Gradually, our brain chemistry becomes conditioned to react to negative stimuli in a particular, predictable way. One thing'll go wrong and it'll automatically switch on its blender and mix us that black cocktail, the ol' doomsday daiquiri, and before we know it, we're soused to the gills from the inside out. Once depression has become electrochemically integrated, it can be extremely difficult to philosophically or psychologically override it; by then it's playing by physical rules, a whole different ball game. That's why Switters my dearest, every time you've shown signs of feeling sorry for yourself, I've played my blues records really loud or read to you from The Horse's Mouth. And that's why when you've exhibited the slightest tendency toward self-importance, I've reminded you that you and me - you and I: excuse me - may be every bit as important as the President or the pope or the biggest prime-time icon in Hollywood, but none of us is much more than a pimple on the ass-end of creation, so let's not get carried away with ourselves. Preventive medicine, boy. It's preventive medicine.""But what about self-esteem?""Heh! Self-esteem is for sissies. Accept that you're a pimple and try to keep a lively sense of humor about it. That way lies grace - and maybe even glory.
Plato|We all have to face our faults and mistakes, and then choose to overcome them or let them drag us down.
Chris Bradford, The Way of the Warrior|Never lose hope, though everything's bleak, though you feel so weak. Never shrink back, never look back, especially when you know that you're fighting for the right reasons, for the right people.
Angie karan|My mom used to say, ‘Life isn’t fair,’“ said Shadow.“Of course she did,” said Wednesday. “It’s one of those things that moms say, right up there with ‘If all your friends jumped off a cliff would you do it too?’”“You stiffed that girl for ten bucks, I slipped her ten bucks,” said Shadow, doggedly. “It was the right thing to do.”Someone announced that their plane was boarding. Wednesday stood up. “May your choices always be so clear,” he said.
Dennis Prager, Dennis Prager: Volume I|I know enough about human nature to know that people generally prefer to find the most corrupt way of doing things possible, given enough incentive.
Michael Dirda|Giving is a really big thing around Christmas, as well it should be. Christmas is about giving, and it all stems from the greatest gift the world has ever received - the gift of Jesus Christ.
Michael K. Powell|There are no morals about technology at all. Technology expands our ways of thinking about things, expands our ways of doing things. If we're bad people we use technology for bad purposes and if we're good people we use it for good purposes.
Albert Camus, Resistance, Rebellion and Death: Essays|And for five years it was no longer possible to enjoy the call of birds in the cool of the evening. We were forced to despair. We were cut off from the world because to each moment clung a whole mass of mortal images. For five years the earth has not seen a single morning without death agonies, a single evening without prisons, a noon without slaughter.
Karl Wiggins, Shit my History Teacher DID NOT tell me!|have no doubt, this technology will — someday, somewhere — be used to change the genome of our own species in ways that are heritable, forever altering the genetic composition of human kind.
Sunday Adelaja|A nation of philosophers [might have no need for the steadiness of venerable institutions], but a nation of philosophers is as little to be expected as the philosophical race of kings wished for by Plato.
John Dickson Carr|The poor fool hadn't realized that if all mankind shares a folly or an illusion, and likes to share it even knowing what it is, then the illusion is much more valuable and fine a kind of thing than the ass who wants to upset it.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|He kissed you! He f@*#king kissed you right in front of me," Wharick growled through his clenched teeth. Kathel looked up from the ground where he was now leaning up on his elbows, far too pleased with his performance and having a look of mischief on his face. "Would you prefer that I kiss her when we aren't in front of you?" he asked sarcastically.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|Never under-estimate your effort, no matter how little. Every effort, little or great is a step closer towards the actualisation of your dreams.
Barack Obama|Sincerity and competence is a strong combination. In politics, it is everything.
Susan Bischoff, Heroes 'Til Curfew|Tim and Raine are coming in.""Are they insane?""Apparently.
Ted Williams|The moment somebody says to me  "This is very risky " is the moment it becomes attractive to me.
R.v.m.|Be thankful that you are on your feet, for there are people who can't even walk down the street. - RVM.
Rob Liano|If you aren't diligently working towards changing something that bothers you, you rescind your right to complain about it.
Michael Spencer, Mere Churchianity: Finding Your Way Back to Jesus-Shaped Spirituality|I see the Christian world like this: we've inherited a divided map of the truth, and each of us has a piece. Our traditions teach us that no one else has a valid map and that our own church's piece shows us all the terrain and roads that exist. In fact, there is much more terrain, more roads, and more truth for us to see if we can accept and read one another's maps, fitting them together to give us a clearer picture of the larger Christian tradition.
Nicholas Sparks, Nights in Rodanthe|Too many people seem to believe that silence was a void that needed to be filled, even if nothing important was said.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|Parting is all we know of Heaven,and all we need of Hell.
Harry Truman|Selfishness and greed, individual or national, cause most of our troubles.
Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson|A precious, mouldering pleasure ’t is To meet an antique book, In just the dress his century wore; A privilege, I think.
I. F. Stone|Any necessary truth, whether a priori or a posteriori, could not have turned out otherwise.
Gina Berriault, Stolen Pleasures: Selected Stories of Gina Berriault|The colour of the sea and the skyAre both blue and yet distinctOne depends on the other And, the other is by love inked…
Drew Barrymore|So, it's cool that, yes, Hal Jordan is a superhero, but my character is a real-world hero in her own life.
Jalaluddin Rumi|There came one and knocked at the door of the Beloved.And a voice answered and said, 'Who is there?'The lover replied, 'It is I.''Go hence,' returned the voice;'there is no room within for thee and me.'Then came the lover a second time and knocked and again the voice demanded,'Who is there?'He answered, 'It is thou.''Enter,' said the voice, 'for I am within.
Brock Osweiler|I'm learning a lot about how to be one of the 'good' actors. You'd hope that it's natural to be a good person, and kind, but I'm learning how to deal with long, sometimes boring days.
Jacques van der Merwe, How to Make Life Better: The Fruit Salad Principle|Through His Word we fall in love with Him more, and because of this we love more.
Lord Acton|The characteristic of great innovators and great companies is they see a space that others do not. They don't just listen to what people tell them; they actually invent something new, something that you didn't know you needed, but the moment you see it, you say, 'I must have it.'
Antonio Banderas|Love, as wonderful and horrible as it is, has at its center a kind of pitiful humor.
Laurie Matthew, Groomed: An Uncle Who Went Too Far, a Mother Who Didn't Care, a Little Girl Who Waited for Justice|THE TRUTH OF THE VERY SMALLWhen he is born, a baby's head is filled with the knowledge of space. The circumference of his skull is as infinite as the twirlings of the universe. His eyes look out with the blur of eyes which see for all species. He has remembered his own nature from past patterns. Now his heart beats through rock, sky, oceans. He feels the silence and the sound all around the world beneath his skin.We all hold somewhere deep within us the truth we accepted in innocence. The seas, the forests, the soil, the atmosphere, are all vital parts of an ongoing system. By harming any part of it we must ultimately harm ourselves. It is that simple.
Chris Campanioni, In Conversation|If a writer manages to be fascinating about his own novels, then there are only two possibilities: either he is merely voicing out loud what he wrote in his book, and he is a parrot; or he is explaining interesting things that he didn't discuss in his book, in which case the book in question is a failure since it does not live up to its claims.
Colin S. Smith, Jonah: Navigating a God-Centered Life|If you feel that without a certain person, or position, or achievement, your life would be not worth living, you may be deeper into idolatry than you think.
Tacitus|Of all that is good, sublimity is supreme. Succeeding is the coming together of all that is beautiful. Furtherance is the agreement of all that is just. Perseverance is the foundation of all actions.
Johannes de Silentio, Fear and Trembling: Dialectical Lyric|Abraham I cannot understand; in a way all I can learn from him is to be amazed. If one imagines one can be moved to faith by considering the outcome of this story, one deceives oneself, and is out to cheat God of faith's first movement, one is out to suck the life-wisdom out of the paradox. One or another may succeed, for our age does not stop with faith, with its miracle of turning water into wine; it goes further, it turns wine into water.
Carsten Jensen, We, the Drowned|I hate my left hand. I hate to look at it. I hate it when it stutters and trembles and reminds me that my identity is gone. But I look at it anyway; because it also reminds me that I'm going to find the boy who took everything away from me. I'm going to kill the boy who killed me, and when I kill him, I'm going to do it with my left hand.
Evy Michaels|She was part of the machine she tended, and every faculty that was not needed for the machine was doomed to be crushed out of existence.
Richard Courant, What Is Mathematics?: An Elementary Approach to Ideas and Methods|Mathematics as an expression of the human mind reflects the active will, the contemplative reason, and the desire for aesthetic perfection. Its basic elements are logic and intuition, analysis and construction, generality and individuality. Though different traditions may emphasize different aspects, it is only the interplay of these antithetic forces and the struggle for their synthesis that constitute the life, usefulness, and supreme value of mathematical science.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|It's like a bunch of hookers advertising their cellulite/ stretch- mark infested bodies to the highest bidder, and then claiming they deserve respect. Crawling on their hands and knees, pupils dilated on the high of greed, licking their lips almost tasting their next job of self- whoredom, and nothing is more tempting than the idea of Mr. Ellison. He could pay for tricks perform by the Pope, chandler-swinging strip-tease nuns.. No one has ever said "NO" to the idea of money and therefore no one has ever said "No" to Mr. Ellison and actually meant it... and then you have to wonder why he has no respect for people?
Matshona Dhliwayo|When dealing with two faced people, it is difficult to know which face is uglier, the real one or the manufactured one.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|No matter what kind of sin you have committed, there is always forgiveness. You must repent and seek forgiveness. You can walk in the new life and light.
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|Prospero the Enchanter's immediate reaction upon meeting his daughter is a simple declaration of: "Well, fuck.
Paul McCartney|When I find myself in times of trouble, mother Mary comes to me,speaking words of wisdom, let it be.And in my hour of darkness she is standing right in front of me,speaking words of wisdom, let it be.Let it be, let it be, let it be, let it be.Whisper words of wisdom, let it be.And when the broken hearted people living in the world agree,there will be an answer, let it be.For though they may be parted there is still a chance that they will see,there will be an answer. let it be.Let it be, let it be, .....And when the night is cloudy, there is still a light, that shines on me,shine until tomorrow, let it be.I wake up to the sound of music, mother Mary comes to me,speaking words of wisdom, let it be.Let it be, let it be, .....
Stephen Lovegrove, How to Find Yourself, Love Yourself, & Be Yourself: The Secret Instruction Manual for Being Human|While you might think the choices that leave no regrets behind are the minimal ones and the casual ones and the safe ones, I believe the opposite is true. Regret happens when we are still left with “what if.” Regret is the result of leaving a story within you still untold, a song inside of you never sung, a touch unique to your personhood that never was felt by another. When you lay everything on the line because you believe that much that the life you have been given is the utmost calling to be answered, you don’t regret it.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|When I remove the layers that say I can’t, I discover a burning ember that says I should, I can, and I will.
Michio Kaku|I have two kids, career and I travel, and I don't think my life is any different than most couples. The most valuable commodity now for many people is time and how to parcel that out.
Robert Michael Pyle, Sky Time in Gray's River: Living for Keeps in a Forgotten Place|The lights are off and the sun if finally setting, the night sky is changing overhead
Marianne Williamson|The way of the miracle-worker is to see all human behavior as one two things: either love, or a call for love.
Rachilde, The Juggler|And yet, because I am without a doubt mortal, I have the troubling desire to do good, to please, to communicate my warmth, to still be very beautiful sometimes to inspire a taste for beauty. I know that these times are not fertile in grace...I am afraid tomorrow the grace of woman...may be recognized as a public utility & be socialized to the point of becoming a banal article, a bazaar object like in '93 & that one will find types of tender or amusing women with millions of copies like the creations of the big...fashion stores where it is always the same thing. I want to affirm the superiority of the god over that of the organizer of concerts for the poor.
Li-Young Lee, Behind My Eyes [With CD]|Have You Prayed” When the windturns and asks, in my father’s voice,Have you prayed?I know three things. One:I’m never finished answering to the dead.Two: A man is four winds and three fires.And the four winds are his father’s voice,his mother’s voice . . .Or maybe he’s seven winds and ten fires.And the fires are seeing, hearing, touching,dreaming, thinking . . .Or is he the breath of God?When the wind turns travelerand asks, in my father’s voice, Have you prayed?I remember three things.One: A father’s loveis milk and sugar,two-thirds worry, two-thirds grief, and what’s left overis trimmed and leavened to make the breadthe dead and the living share.And patience? That’s to endurethe terrible leavening and kneading.And wisdom? That’s my father’s face in sleep.When the windasks, Have you prayed?I know it’s only mereminding myselfa flower is one station betweenearth’s wish and earth’s rapture, and bloodwas fire, salt, and breath long beforeit quickened any wand or branch, any limbthat woke speaking. It’s just mein the gowns of the wind,or my father through me, asking,Have you found your refuge yet?asking, Are you happy?Strange. A troubled father. A happy son.The wind with a voice. And me talking to no one.
Karl Popper|Woe to that nation whose literature is cut short by the intrusion of force. This is not merely interference with freedom of the press but the sealing up of a nation's heart, the excision of its memory.
Bindi Irwin|My dad always said, 'Champ, the measure of a man is not how often he is knocked down, but how quickly he gets up.'
Jean Henri Fabre|Prior to an individual's encounter with the love of God at a particular time in history, however, there has to be another, more fundamental and archetypal encounter, which belongs to the conditions of possibility of the appearance of divine love to man.
Ally Condie|In many ways, 'What Teachers Make: In Praise of the Greatest Job in the World' is just one big thank-you note to my teachers. The book is dedicated to my fifth and sixth grade English teacher, Dr. Joseph D'Angelo, a massive force of erudition, martial artistry, culture, and love.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|The Future is, of all things, the thing least like eternity. It is the most temporal part of time--for the Past is frozen and no longer flows, and the Present is all lit up with eternal rays.
Jordan Hoechlin|My word is iron," Kublai said to the guards, as Meng Guang was led away. "Your people will come to know this, in time.
Ibrahim Ibrahim, Quotable: My Worldview|Theology is not superior to the Gospel. It exists to aid the preaching of salvation. Its business is to make the essential facts and principles of Christianity so simple and clear, so adequate and mighty, that all who preach or teach the Gospel, both ministers and laymen, can draw on its stores and deliver a complete and unclouded Christian message.
Catrice M. Jackson|It's not about who you think you know, but about who actually knows you.
Amanda  Carlson, Freed|Sometimes, you can see more than me, but you pretend to know less so that I don’t feel intimidated by you. I do the same for you. We do not feel superior when the other is vulnerable; or inferior when we feel helpless. This is what sustains our relationship.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Buying a book is not enough... You must absorb the knowledge it contains. Your personalized knowledge is not what's on your shelf, but how much you put into yourself!
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Out of the corner of her eye she thought she saw Jace shoot her a look of white rage - but when she glanced at him, he looked as he always did: easy, confident, slightly bored."In future, Clarissa," he said, "it might be wise to mention that you already have a man in your bed, to avoid such tedious situations."" Simon demanded, looking shaken."Ridiculous, isn't it?" said Jace. "We would never have all fit.""I didn't invite him into bed," Clary snapped. "We were just kissing.""Just kissing?" Jace's tone mocked her with its false hurt. "How swiftly you dismiss our love.
Michelle Tea, The Beautiful: Collected Poems|I have a Gumbie Cat in mind, her name is Jennyanydots;Her coat is one of the tabby kind,with tiger stripes and lepard spots.
Qwana Reynolds-Frasier, Friend In Your Pocket Conversations Session One|WRITERS ARE "SPIRITIAL VENTRILOQUIST" WHO HAVE THE ABILITY TO MAKE PAPER TALK!
Kimora Lee Simmons|Falling in love is the best way to kill your heart because then it's not yours anymore. It's laid in a coffin, waiting to be cremated.
Krishnamurti|The right kind of education consists in understanding the child as he is without imposing upon him an ideal of what we think he should be. To enclose him in the framework of an ideal is to encourage him to conform, which breeds fear and produces in him a constant conflict between what he is and what he should be; and all inward conflicts have their outward manifestations in society.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|After the keen still days of September, the October sun filled the world with mellow warmth...The maple tree in front of the doorstep burned like a gigantic red torch. The oaks along the roadway glowed yellow and bronze. The fields stretched like a carpet of jewels, emerald and topaz and garnet. Everywhere she walked the color shouted and sang around her...In October any wonderful unexpected thing might be possible.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|14 Awesome Conversation Starters1.	What do you do for fun? Hobbies, recreation . . . 2.	What are your super powers? Gifts, talents, strengths.3.	Good morning! It’s great to see you! 4.	What is your story? Tell me about yourself.5.	What brought you to __________?6.	Do you have anything special happening in your life (or your business)?7.	What’s the best thing that’s happened this week?8.	Are you living your life purpose or still searching for it?9.	What gives you passion and makes you happy to be alive?10.	Do you have any pets?11.	How do you know the host?12.	When you were a child, what did you want to be when you grew up? 13.	If you could go anywhere in the world, where would it be?14.	What's next on your bucket list?
Eckhart Tolle|Work hard. And have patience. Because no matter who you are, you're going to get hurt in your career and you have to be patient to get through the injuries.
J. Donald Walters|Ray Bradbury is, for many reasons, the most influential writer in my life. Throughout our long friendship, Ray supplied not only his terrific stories but a grand model of what a writer could be, should be, and yet rarely is: brilliant and charming and accessible, willing to tolerate and to teach, happy to inspire but also to be inspired.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Talent is like a little seed; when nurtured, it will flourish.
Glendon Swarthout, The Homesman|Rain is just like you, When it come, it gets cold.. When i remember, i feel blue
Nalini Singh, Hostage to Pleasure|[T]hese friends were of the female persuasion, and while by and large they were bi and large, they still represented potential threats on [her] feminine radar.
Adeyemo Akin|Sometimes when you dig deep into the past, you shed uncontrollable tears.
Dan Krokos, The Planet Thieves|What you are to me is the guy that I’ve been madly in love with since sixth grade. You’re the guy I think about every night when I’m in bed by myself. You’re the one who doesn’t want me but insists on keeping me tied so close that I can’t have anyone else, who keeps one hand on my collar and the other hand up his girlfriend’s skirt. And I can’t do it anymore!” ~ Jordy
Rabindranath Tagore, The Hungry Stones and Other Stories|Some people come into your life at the right time for the most intense reasons and then some leave your life at the perfect time for the most saddest of reasons, time decides who you meet & you decide who stays.
Betty  Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|Brooklyn was a dream. All the things that happened there just couldn't happen. It was all dream stuff. Or was it all real and true and was it that she, Francie, was the dreamer?
Thomas Brooks|To be a saint is to be an exception; to be a true man is the rule. Err, fail, sin if you must, but be upright. To sin as little as possible is the law for men; to sin not at all is a dream for angels. All earthly things are subject to sin; if is like the force of gravity.
Walter Cronkite, A Reporter's Life|I felt that I had been driven from the temple where for nineteen years, along with other believers, I had worshiped the great god News on a daily basis.
Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin|I may have spent long enough in your orbit to have absorbed your ferocious conviction that a happy family cannot be a mere myth or that even if it is, better to die trying for the fine if unattainable than sulking in passive, cynical resignation that hell is other people you're related to.
Marguerite Yourcenar, Memoirs of Hadrian|Shame evokes anxiety about what will happen if someone really knows is, but, because it is impossible to for anxiety and anger to be felt simultaneously, we can dream our anxiety by employing anger or rage in the form of contempt... Contempt, because it feels more powerful has always helped us feel safer and more powerful than the anxiety we feel when we experience shame. [3]
Raheel Farooq|Matthew Arnold was a fastidious social critic and hence an accomplished complainer. When he died, an acquaintance said: "Poor Matt, he's going to Heaven, no doubt – but he won't like God.
Peter  Rogers, Straight A at Stanford and on to Harvard|The mystery of the MAGIC BATHROOM will be revealed unto thee...The table next to the sink is for flashcards. I say a Monty Python skit called, "Every sperm is sacred," and it gave me the idea that, "every piss is sacred." Meaning, why not look at flashcards while voiding.Mozart liked to write letters while on the loo. He wrote, "I think it only fitting to write while shitting." This gave me the idea to read while....If knowledge is money, and money is gold, then this is modern day alchemy.Feces (wasted time) is turned into gold (knowledge)...People often ask, "where do you find so much time to read? How can you remember so well?"Well, there's your answer, the Magic Bathroom.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Less gossiping, more encouraging.Less complaining, more thanksgiving.Less criticizing, more complimenting.Less hurting, more helping.Less hating, more caring.
Pope Francis, Amoris Laetitia: Apostolic Exhortation on the Family|They believe, along the lines of social networks, that love can be connected or disconnected at the whim of the consumer, and the relationship quickly "blocked". We treat affective relationships the way we treat material objects and the environment : everything is disposable; everyone uses and throws away, takes and breaks, exploits and squeezes to the last drop. Then, goodbye.
Chris Hill|To be a prophet, Knox emphasizes, requires living in and looking at the present, at what is really going on around you.
Debasish Mridha|To see beauty, you have to love.
Henrietta Newton Martin|Thus there is a need for analogical process of deduction of laws and rules in the decision making process by the UN at this juncture, where the world is facing innumerable human rights violation (reported and unreported) pretermitting antithetical implementation of what each nation or any disputing party understands, in its own misinterpreted version of international laws. There is a need for world comity.
Terry A. O'Neal|Carry out your literary dream, no matter how unlikely it may seem...
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Whatever you set for yourself, you can achieve it.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers|I know. It’s all wrong. By rights we shouldn’t even be here. But we are. It's like in the great stories, Mr. Frodo. The ones that really mattered. Full of darkness and danger they were. And sometimes you didn't want to know the end. Because how could the end be happy? How could the world go back to the way it was when so much bad had happened? But in the end, it’s only a passing thing, this shadow. Even darkness must pass. A new day will come. And when the sun shines it will shine out the clearer. Those were the stories that stayed with you. That meant something, even if you were too small to understand why. But I think, Mr. Frodo, I do understand. I know now. Folk in those stories had lots of chances of turning back, only they didn’t. They kept going, because they were holding on to something.
Jerry Spinelli, Love, Stargirl|You be you and I'll be me, today and today and today, and let's trust the future to tomorrow. Let the stars keep track of us. Let us ride our own orbits and trust that they will meet. May our reunion be not a finding but a sweet collision of destinies!
Derek Keck, The Kitchen Sinks of Yesterday Morning: The Urinal Cakes of Tomorrow|I say, we live on, though I am wrong, this is what I say.In the past, present, future, we live on as if in one time.You can never stop the past from happening,and it has happened , and will continue to happen. This is the truth, I think I know, along withthe two other things I do know.I exist.I want to kiss you. And also this: each day, as we go,we will always be as young as we can be.
Ashley Stoyanoff, The Soul's Mark: FOUND|Hear this now. Nothing, not even death, will keep me from loving you. Though this body may wither and become a dry shell, my spirit will pursue you until the end of time. We will never be apart.” He covered her mouth with his and tasted her blood. Trailing tender kisses across her cheek and jawline, he nestled against her neck. “Eternally yours,” he whispered. She clutched his head and offered her throat. “Together forever,” she responded. Broderick hesitated, her erratic pulse beating against his tongue. “Give me peace,” she whispered in a tortured breath. “Do this for me.” “I will love you forever, Davina.” His fangs pierced her cool skin and Broderick drank the life from his wife, granting her wish…and tormenting his already damned soul.
Howard Zinn, Just War|The Cuban Missile Crisis. It had to do with Cuba and missiles, I'm pretty sure.
Thomas Paine|Is everyone who lives in Ignorance like you?" asked Milo."Much worse," he said longingly. "But I don't live here. I'm from a place very far away called Context.
Anthony M. Esolen|Quality is a flying goal, always fight to achieve
Canny Gogia|Trust him. And when you have done that, you are living the life of grace. No matter what happens to you in the course of that trusting - no matter how many waverings you may have, no matter how many suspicions that you have bought a poke with no pig in it, no matter how much heaviness and sadness your lapses, vices, indispositions, and bratty whining may cause you - you believe simply that Somebody Else, by his death and resurrection, has made it all right, and you just say thank you and shut up. The whole slop-closet full of mildewed performances (which is all you have to offer) is simply your death; it is Jesus who is your life. If he refused to condemn you because your works were rotten, he certainly isn't going to flunk you because your faith isn't so hot. You can fail utterly, therefore, and still live the life of grace. You can fold up spiritually, morally, or intellectually and still be safe. Because at the very worst, all you can be is dead - and for him who is the Resurrection and the Life, that just makes you his cup of tea.” ― Between Noon & Three: Romance, Law & the Outrage of Grace
Joan D. Chittister|To pray in the midst of the mundane is simply and strongly to assert that this dull and tiring day is holy and its simple labors are the stuff of God's saving presence for me now. To pray simply because it is prayer time is no small act of immersion in the God who is willing to wait for us to be conscious, to be ready, to be willing to become new in life. Prayer, Benedictine spirituality demonstrates, is not a matter of mood. To pray only when we feel like it is more to seek consolation than to risk conversion. To pray only when it suits us is to want God on our terms. To pray only when it is convenient is to make the God-life a very low priority in a list of better opportunities. To pray only when it feels good is to court total emptiness when we most need to be filled. The hard fact is that nobody finds time for prayer. The time must be taken. There will always be something more pressing to do, something more important to be about than the apparently fruitless, empty act of prayer. But when that attitude takes over, we have begun the last trip down a very short road because, without prayer, the energy for the rest of life runs down. The fuel runs out. We become our own worst enemies: we call ourselves too tired and too busy to pray when, in reality, we are too tired and too busy not to pray. Eventually, the burdens of the day wear us down and we no longer remember why we decided to do what we're doing: work for this project, marry this woman, have these children, minister in this place. And if I cannot remember why I decided to do this, I cannot figure out how I can go on with it. I am tired and the vision just gets dimmer and dimmer.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|I know nothing, except what everyone knows - if there when Grace dances, I should dance.
Maggie Nelson, Bluets|After my friend's accident I take care of her. It is always taking care, but it is difficult, because at times to take care of her is also to cause her pain.
Tessa Dare, A Week to Be Wicked|So odd. Most women of his acquaintance relied on physical beauty and charm to mask their less-pleasant traits. This girl did the opposite, hiding everything interesting about herself behind a prim, plain facade.What other surprises was she concealing?
Franz Kafka, Letters to Milena|I am constantly trying to communicate something incommunicable, to explain something inexplicable, to tell about something I only feel in my bones and which can only be experienced in those bones. Basically it is nothing other than this fear we have so often talked about, but fear spread to everything, fear of the greatest as of the smallest, fear, paralyzing fear of pronouncing a word, although this fear may not only be fear but also a longing for something greater than all that is fearful.
Adolf Grünbaum|Still, as much as I had experienced, there was more waiting to be found. I had started out with a feeling of burning dullness and desperation. Now I was filled with a thrill and expectation of new discovery.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Success is too often measured by the size of one’s bank account or the degree of their celebrity. Yet, neither can truly represent the size of one’s character or the depth of their soul.
David   Petersen, Survivors: The A-bombed Trees of Hiroshima|The 'will to peace' is the best answer that we can imagine to the 'will to war', which unfortunately seems as strong in this century as it was in the middle of the last.
Edward Carpenter, The Intermediate Sex: A Study of Some Transitional Types of Men and Women|[A]s people are beginning to see that the sexes form in a certain sense a continuous group, so they are beginning to see that Love and Friendship which have been so often set apart from each other as things distinct are in reality closely related and shade imperceptibly into each other. Women are beginning to demand that Marriage shall mean Friendship as well as Passion; that a comrade-like Equality shall be included in the word Love; and it is recognised that from the one extreme of a 'Platonic' friendship (generally between persons of the same sex) up to the other extreme of passionate love (generally between persons of opposite sex) no hard and fast line can at any point be drawn effectively separating the different kinds of attachment. We know, in fact, of Friendships so romantic in sentiment that they verge into love; we know of Loves so intellectual and spiritual that they hardly dwell in the sphere of Passion.
Edward Fahey|After finishing 1st draft of a novel, I have the characters, dialogue, scenes, and a plotline. I used to think this meant I knew where the story was going, and what the book was about.I have learned over the years, this ain’t so.As I work through its 2nd draft, characters start to nudge each other. The story itself takes its first soft and shallow breath, and one could imagine he hears a little bit of a heartbeat. Passions deepen, and emotional threads start to weave through what had earlier just been little more than a sequence of events.On the 3rd run through, the characters stand tall. Some break free of my earlier concepts of what they were all about, what they wanted, how they related to each other, and where they were going.From then on, THEY set the pace, and I do my best to honor them in becoming what THEY choose to be.From then on, my friends; we have a story!By the end of the 3rd draft, I have enough of an idea of where the characters are going, and how their passions empower the story, or tear it apart, that I can start cutting away, and cutting away, anything that isn’t that.Until we reach the point where there is not a single word left anywhere in the book, that isn’t a vital, dynamic, organic contributor to the living whole.
Debasish Mridha|It may not be important how much you have, but it is important who you are in your heart.
Baz Luhrmann|Get to know your parents, you never know when they'll be gone for good. Be nice to your siblings, they're your best link to your past. And the people most likely to stick with you in the future.
Candace Vianna, The Science of Loving|I’ve been thinking about what this would be like, too. Ever since that night I almost kissed you on the beach back in June. Say you’re right. Say I can have any woman I want. The woman I want is you. Because you’re perky and fun. Because you’re adorable and you make me laugh all the time. And because you’re far more beautiful than you give yourself credit for. I want you, Trina. You’ve got adaptability and smarts that can’t be measured by essays and bubbled answer sheets. I don’t want a distraction. I don’t want a random hook-up. I want you.
Thomas Henry Huxley|The problem with racial discrimination, though, is not the inference of a person's race from their genetic characteristics. It is quite the opposite: it is the inference of a person's characteristics from their race. The question is not, can you, given an individual's skin color, hair texture, or language, infer something about their ancestry or origin. That is a question of biological systematics -- of lineage, taxonomy, of racial geography, of biological discrimination. Of course you can -- and genomics as vastly refined that inference. You can scan any individual genome and infer rather deep insights about a person's ancestry, or place of origin. But the vastly more controversial question is the converse: Given a racial identity -- African or Asian, say -- can you infer anything about an individual's characteristics: not just skin or hair color, but more complex features, such as intelligence, habits, personality, and aptitude? /I/ Genes can certainly tell us about race, but can race tell us anything about genes? /i/To answer this question, we need to measure how genetic variation is distributed across various racial categories. Is there more diversity _within_ races or _between_ races? Does knowing that someone is of African versus European descent, say, allow us to refine our understanding of their genetic traits, or their personal, physical, or intellectual attributes in a meaningful manner? Or is there so much variation within Africans and Europeans that _intraracial_ diversity dominates the comparison, thereby making the category "African" or "European" moot?We now know precise and quantitative answers to these questions. A number of studies have tried to quantify the level of genetic diversity of the human genome. The most recent estimates suggest that the vast proportion of genetic diversity (85 to 90 percent) occurs _within_ so-called races (i.e., within Asians or Africans) and only a minor proportion (7 percent) within racial groups (the geneticist Richard Lewontin had estimated a similar distribution as early as 1972). Some genes certainly vary sharply between racial or ethnic groups -- sickle-cell anemia is an Afro-Caribbean and Indian disease, and Tay-Sachs disease has a much higher frequency in Ashkenazi Jews -- but for the most part, the genetic diversity within any racial group dominates the diversity between racial groups -- not marginally, but by an enormous amount. The degree of interracial variability makes "race" a poor surrogate for nearly any feature: in a genetic sense, an African man from Nigria is so "different" from another man from Namibia that it makes little sense to lump them into the same category.
Doris Kearns Goodwin|From coast to coast, the FBI and Securities and Exchange Commission have ensnared people not only at hedge funds, but at technology and pharmaceutical companies, consulting and law firms, government agencies, and even a major stock exchange.
Brené Brown, Daring Greatly: How the Courage to Be Vulnerable Transforms the Way We Live, Love, Parent, and Lead|...research tells us that we judge people in areas where we're vulnerable to shame, especially picking folks who are doing worse than we're doing. If I feel good about my parenting, I have no interest in judging other people's choices. If I feel good about my body, I don't go around making fun of other people's weight or appearance. We're hard on each other because we're using each other as a launching pad out of our own perceived shaming deficiency.
Casey Affleck|I remember telling my creative writing teacher that you never want to have a journal, because if you lose it, then someone's going to know all your secrets. And then she stopped using a journal, but I always write everything down... Anytime I travel, I try and fill up notepads.
Herman Kahn|Remember, God provides the best camouflage several hours out of every 24.
R.L. Haas, Portals of Water and Wine|I don't think I could ever see her closely," the sentinel replied, "however close she came." His own voice was hushed and regretful, echoing with lost chances. "She has a newness," he said. "Everything is for the first time. See how she moves, how she walks, how she turns her head -- all for the first time, the first time anyone has ever done these things. See how she draws her breath and lets it go again, as though no one else in the world knew that air was good. It is all for her. If I learned that she had been born this very morning, I would only be surprised that she was so old." The second sentinel stared down from his tower at the three wanderers. The tall man saw him first, and next the dour woman. Their eyes reflected nothing but his armor, grim and cankered and empty. But then the girl in the ruined black cloak raised her head, and he stepped back from the parapet, putting out one tin glove against her glance. In a moment she passed into the shadow of the castle with her companions, and he lowered his hand. "She may be mad," he said calmly. "No grown girl looks like that unless she is mad. That would be annoying, but far preferable to the remaining possibility." "Which is?" the younger man prompted after a silence."Which is that she was indeed born this morning. I would rather that she were mad.
Dada Bhagwan|Desires are done by the ‘Pudgal’ (non-self mind-body-complex), so how can they be suppressed? If You (the Self) are the one doing the desiring, then why don’t you stop it? But that doesn’t happen therefore, desire is a matter pertaining to the Pudgal (non-self mind-body-complex).
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|You have it in your God-given power, the willingness to make the years ahead of you to become a brighter one. Avoid things that will not make you a success in the nearby future!
Debasish Mridha|When I am thinking of love or express love, I am happy, when I am happy, I have more power to love.
Haruki Murakami, After the Quake|Living and dying are, in a sense, of equal value.
Meghan Wier, Confessions of an Introvert: The Shy Girl's Guide to Career, Networking and Getting the Most Out of Life|To be a success you need to have persistence of drive, persistence of vision, and persistence of action. You will be doing yourself a disservice by not staying resilient.
James O'Barr, The Crow|People once believed that when someone dies, a crow carries their soul to the land of the dead. But sometimes, something so bad happens that a terrible sadness is carried with it and the soul can't rest. Then sometimes, just sometimes, the crow can bring that soul back to put the wrong things right.
Maurice Sendak|The reason I was able to grow my business was that every day, after producing 30 minutes of wine television, I spent 15 hours a day replying to every single person's e-mail and every single person's Twitter @ reply.
Sengcan|If the eye never sleeps,all dreams will naturally cease.If the mind makes no discriminations, the ten thousand things are as they are,of single essence.To understand the mystery of this One essence is to be released from all entanglements.When all things are seen equallythe timeless Self-essence is reached. No comparisons or analogies are possiblein this causeless, relationless state.Consider movement stationaryand the stationary in motion,both movement and rest disappear.When such dualities cease to existOneness itself cannot exist. To this ultimate finalityno law or description applies.
Alyssa Brugman|If we must tempt to Pleasure, how do we tempt to the least amount of Pleasure? Or better yet, tempt them to its opposite? But how to tempt them to pain.
Joel Fuhrman|Capital is reckless of the health or length of life of the laborer, unless under compulsion from society.
Elizabeth von Arnim, The Enchanted April|The bigger your problems, the bigger the blessings God is about to pour out upon you
Nikki Rowe|I don't care for the colour of your skin, I care for the size of your heart behind it.
Hilary Mantel, A Place of Greater Safety|I believe at least in one of the chief tenets of the Christian faith--contentment with a lowly place. I am a doctor and I know that ambition--the desire to succeed--to have power--leads to most ills of the human soul. If the desire is realized it leads to arrogance, violence and final satiety; and if it is denied--ah! if it is denied--let all the asylums for the insane rise up and give their testimony! The are filled with human beings who were unable to face being mediocre, insignificant, ineffective and who therefore created for themselves ways of escape from reality so to be shut off from life itself forever.
Kerry ONeal, What If: An Anthology of Short Stories|To her eyes, used to diversity, there was a troubling uniformity about them all, something that spoke of isolation, and a dull and thoughtless cruelty.
Lurlene McDaniel, Don't Die, My Love|Raff,' Katsa said, 'your problem is that your heart's not in it. We need to find something to strengthen your defensive resolve. What if you pretended he's trying to smash your favorite medicinal plant?''The rare blue safflower,' Bann suggested.'Yes,' Katsa said gamely, 'pretend he's after your snaf
Douglas Adams, So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish|This is flight 121 to Los Angeles. If your travel plans today do not include Los Angeles, now would be the perfect time to disembark.
Sally Schneider|The automatic stabilizer is unemployment insurance, food stamps, additional coverage of Medicaid.
E. Obeng-Amoako Edmonds|Every reader can live One Thousand and One Lives; every fiction author can have One Thousand and One Masks, and their talent can have One Thousand and One Facets.
Matthew Neill Null, Allegheny Front|He walked up to me with his heart on his sleeve,Asking, 'Where'd we go wrong on the way?For I've wandered this city and oh its a pity,They talk but have nothing to say,"I told him that's true about cities like ours;Cities of footsteps and phones.It could be only me and the wild open sea,And I still wouldn't fee as alone.
William T. Cavanaugh, Migrations of the Holy: God, State, and the Political Meaning of the Church|The artificial preservation of local identities is essential to tourism. In other words, the tourist represents both the attempt to transcend all borders and identities and the simultaneous attempt to fix the identities of non-Western subjects within its gaze.
Elle Casey|My dearest Mary,Both my words and my conduct at our last meeting were ungentlemanly - born of haste and high emotion, rather than friendship and good judgement - and yet I cannot find it within me to apologize. I am glad I kissed you; glad to have revelled in your scent, your taste, the touch of your hands; glad, even, to have quarrelled with you because during those moments of anger, I was in your presence.Mary, you are the most singular woman I know: intelligent, brave and honest, and I crave your friendship. I confess to only the haziest notion of what I ask, having never been friends with a woman before. My friendships are male and conventional; pleasant and without distinction. But a friendship with you would be a bright, new, rare thing - if you would do me the honour.I expect that what I ask is impossible. But it is sweet to dream, Mary, and thus I tender one last, insolent, unapologetic request: write to me only if you can say yes.Yours,James
Linda Winfree|10% of authors earn 75% of the royalties. If you’re writing a Romance novel, your odds will be slightly higher at making back your investment. Throw in a few vampires, even better.
James R. White|The Christian has been drawn unto Christ. Those who wish to boast in having something to do with their salvation, or who insist that the final decision lays with man, resist the clear meaning of Christ's words, "draw." But this is a wondrous term. It is beautiful to hear. Drawn in love. Drawn in mercy. Drawn unto the one who died in my place. It is sovereign action, undertaken by the one who holds the entire universe by His power. It is an irresistible drawing, most definitely, but is a drawing of grace. The one drawing loves the one who is being drawn. And those drawn can never be thankful enough to God who brought them out of darkness into the marvelous light of Christ.
Stephen King, The Dark Half|What did an invisible God want from a bunch of frail, selfish people? The only thing Landon could figure was that He'd like for them to learn to love and help one another. Why else would they be living on such a difficult planet?
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|Shane, in case we don’t … don’t come out of this, I wanted to say…”He glanced over at her, and she felt her whole body warm from it. She remembered that look. It made her feel naked inside and out, but not in a creepy kind of way. In a way that felt…. Free. “If what you say is true, and I guess it has to be, I think I know why we’re … together,” he said. “I think I’d fall for you no matter what, Claire. You’re kind of awesome.
A.W. Tozer, The Pursuit of God|It is more important that you should know about the reverses than about the successes of the war. We shall have all eternity to celebrate the victories, but we have only the few hours before sunset in which to win them. We are not winning them as we should, because the fact of the reverses is so little realized, and the needed reinforcements are not forthcoming, as they would be in the position were thoroughly understood...So we have tried to tell you the truth the uninteresting, unromantic truth.
Brian Celio, Catapult Soul|Fire is no laughing matter. In a drunken attempt to appear womanly, my neighbor tried to burn her pubes off when she was fifteen, but it hurt too much to get it completely smooth. My friend had sex with her two years later and said her clit looked like a chestnut. I’ve been pro-bush ever since. 
Lee Daniels|Post-human intelligence will develop hypercomputers with the processing power to simulate living things - even entire worlds. Perhaps advanced beings could use hypercomputers to surpass the best 'special effects' in movies or computer games so vastly that they could simulate a world, fully, as complex as the one we perceive ourselves to be in.
Ransom Riggs, Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children|Suppress anger and the world will be good for you, suppress more anger and the world will be better with you. Suppress all your anger and then you will not be okay with this world.
Jonathan Sacks|If you want a free society, teach your children what oppression tastes like. Tell them how many miracles it takes to get from here to there. Above all, encourage them to ask questions. Teach them to think for themselves.
Alys Arden, The Casquette Girls|Why go for something cold and dead, when you can have something hot and panting?
Edward Gibbon|Where error is irreparable, repentance is useless.
Hermann Hesse, Narcissus and Goldmund|I understand you well. Now we have no need to dispute: you are awake, and so you have seen the difference between us, the difference between men akin to their father and those who take their destiny from a woman; the difference between spirit and intellect.
Saim Cheeda|Life has been full of evil, and if you don't start asking the right questions, the evil is going to be the end of you.
Peter Marshall|While my mother lived, I always felt to a certain degree as if I had somebody who was my superior and who exercised a mysterious protection over me. I belonged to something - I hung to something - there is nothing that has so much reverence and religion in it as affection to parents.
amrahsaeed|If you work hard enough at something, it begins to make itself part of you, even though you do not really like it and know that part isn't real.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Anything you don’t want to deal with can always be written off as being “in the past” and ignored, but in doing so, you sweep it under a rug where it doesn't go away with time – it becomes time itself, and takes on the illusion of life as we think we know it.
Emil M. Cioran|A zoologist who observed gorillas in their native habitat was amazed by the uniformity of their life and their vast idleness. Hours and hours without doing anything. Was boredom unknown to them? This is indeed a question raised by a human, a busy ape. Far from fleeing monotony, animals crave it, and what they most dread is to see it end. For it ends, only to be replaced by fear, the cause of all activity. Inaction is divine; yet it is against inaction that man has rebelled. Man alone, in nature, is incapable of enduring monotony, man alone wants something to happen at all costs—something, anything.... Thereby he shows himself unworthy of his ancestor: the need for novelty is the characteristic of an alienated gorilla.
Matt Haig|Tone is somewhat totalising in that, once I locate it, it tells me what kind of syntax to use, what word choices to make, how much white space to leave on the page, what sentence length, what the rhythmic patterning will be. If I can't find the tone, I sometimes try narrating through the point of view of someone else.
Ray Anyasi, Broken Cloud: the first sunrise|My king, I do not know all things but I do know that we mortals cannot orchestrate for the gods what they have agreed to accomplish.
Ama H. Vanniarachchy|By all means, become an abomination--but only while unhinged by grief or wrath.
Osip Mandelstam|I do not know how it is elsewhere, but here, in this country, poetry is a healing, life-giving thing, and people have not lost the gift of being able to drink of its inner strength. People can be killed for poetry herea sign of unparalleled respectbecause they are still capable of living by it.
Jim Butcher, Skin Game|Id me didn't have to be concerned with long-term consequences. He was my instinctive, primitive self, driven by my most primal impulses. I wondered, briefly, if 'id' and 'idiot' came from the same root.
Charlotte Perkins Gilman, The Yellow Wall-Paper|The more people I am with, Dorrigo thought, the more alone I feel.
James     Baldwin, Another Country|He wanted to go home and lock his door and sleep. He was tired of the troubles of real people. He wanted to get back to the people he was inventing, whose troubles he could bear.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|You must be open and influenceable; then ironically, you will also discover an increase in your own power to influence
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Perfect, faultless, in ruins, yes, but perfect,nevertheless.
Jerry Brown|In a state therefore of great equality and virtue, where pure and simple manners prevailed, the increase of the human species would evidently be much greater than any increase that has been hitherto known.
Mark Twain|Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live.
Emily Lloyd-Jones, The Hearts We Sold|I just want to matter,' he said unsmiling. It was like pulling a curtain back, peering behind a mask made of smiles and quips. This was the real James, this young, bright, desperate thing. There was a burning intensity to his eyes, and she saw for the first time a boy who would sell his heart--not for some hobby, but because he thought it was the only way to life the life he wanted. They had that in common.
G.J. Walker-Smith|making the most of every second, because seconds became minute sand minutes became precious when life could be taken in less than a breath.
Marcus Aurelius|Keep your feet on the ground, but let your heart soar as high as it will. Refuse to be average or to surrender to the chill of your spiritual environment.
James Dyson|Now is now, and I live everything one day at a time. The fact that I'm still on the planet and able to still make music is such a miracle.
Renata Adler, Speedboat|Writer does nothing,But think deeply.
Christopher Hitchens|I am not one of those who believes—as Obama is said to believe—that a solution to the Palestinian statehood question would bring an end to Muslim resentment against the United States. (Incidentally, if he really does believe this, his lethargy and impotence in the face of Netanyahu's consistent double-dealing is even more culpable.) The Islamist fanatics have their own agenda, and, as in the case of Hamas and its Iranian backers, they have already demonstrated that nothing but the destruction of Israel and the removal of American influence from the region will possibly satisfy them. No, it is more the case that justice—and a homeland for the Palestinians—is a good and necessary cause in its own right. It is also a special legal and moral responsibility of the United States, which has several times declared a dual-statehood outcome to be its objective.
L.J. Smith, Vreden och Återkomsten|I'm sorry Elena. I know that you want to help, but put yourself in her shoes, everything that happened tonight was to save you and that's OK because she loves you so much. But somehow she's always the one who gets hurt.
Arti Honrao|You have ordinary moments and ordinary moments and more ordinary moments, and then, suddenly, there is something monumental right there. You have the past and future colliding in the present, your own personal Big Bang, and nothing will ever be the same.
A. J. Liebling|I really like the European carols, and I like that captivating sound that they have that isn't usually in Christmas songs.
M.K. Gilher, Revival|I know. You’re a male escort, and you were on your way to your latest…what are female clients called? Not Johns…Jean’s?” He choked on his cracker, and Bree reached over and patted his back until his coughing fit passed. “Afraid not, darling.” He wheezed. “Male stripper?” He snorted. “I don’t know if I should be flattered or insulted by that.” “Some kind of business tycoon, right?” Bree asked. “A pretty Donald Trump?” “Pretty? Oh dear.” Bree raised her hands. “Handsome. Handsome. Better?
Charlotte Beers, I'd Rather Be in Charge: A Legendary Business Leader's Roadmap for Achieving Pride, Power, and Joy at Work|The most common mistake you'll make is forgetting to keep your own scorecard. Very little at work reinforces your ability to do this, so you will have to be vigilant. When evaluators give you an assessment, they are just guessing at who you are; they certainly are not the ones who know your potential. They can rate you and influence you, but they don't get to define you. That's your most honorable assignment: to define, every day through the way you deliver your work, the scope and nature of your inherent abilities.
Paul Laurence Dunbar|This, this indeed is to be accursed, For if we mortals love, or if we sing, We count our joys not by what we have, But by what kept us from that perfect thing.
Eric Hoffer|In times of change, learners inherit the earth, while the learned find themselves beautifully equipped to deal with a world that no longer exists.
Callie Hunter, Still Searching: Lost and Found|The debris of her married life was enough to sever the tie between reality and dreams, the fine line between desire and temptation. Where did she draw the line? When did she admit defeat and surrender?
Kiera Cass, The Siren|Want some?" he asks, pointing to his dinner.Maybe eating will calm my nerves. "What i
James Altucher|For my part, I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel's sake. The great affair is to move.
Cyndi Goodgame, Daughter of Anat|Whatever hypnotizing charms I may have over boys, did not in fact work on three hundred pound girl elves. Not that I would ever try it again.
Michael Thomas Sunnarborg, Balancing Work, Relationships & Life in Three Simple Steps|By leading ourselves effectively, we can learn to lead others as a whole person: mind, body, and spirit.
Henrietta Newton Martin|A visionary is a leader of excellence who sees what others do not see, who achieves for now and plans for the future, who positively impacts different generations and raises up other visionaries.
D. H. Lawrence|I was never sloppy with other people's money. Only my own. Because I figure, well, you can be.
M.J. Burke Sr., Funeral in a Feminine Dress: Depravity Reborn as Virtue|In every religion; a true love is the love for the God, in mine it is for you.
Christopher Barzak, The Love We Share Without Knowing|You’re like a candle in a dark room, throwing light backwards and forwards.
Debasish Mridha|Wherever you are, be there with love.
Nalini Singh, Archangel's Blade|Fine. But remember, little rabbit, not a word to anyone." He moved close enough that the dark heat of him lapped against her in a quiet threat that made her glad for the blade. "I'm not a nice man when I'm angry." She held her position, a ragged attempt to erase the humiliation of the panic attack. "I'm fairly certain you're not a nice man at all." His answer was a slow smile that whispered of silk sheets, erotic whispers, and sweat-damp skin. The unhidden intent of it had her heart slamming hard against her ribs. "No" she said. Voice raw. "A challenge.” He wasn't touching her and yet she felt caressed by a thousand ropes of fur, soft and lush and unmistakably sexual. "I accept
Sarah Dessen, Saint Anything|You have infiltrated me completely, you make me feel alive Harlow, and I love that feeling. I have had my heart walled off for so long, and you have melted it so I can feel again. ~Beckett
Tahereh Mafi|Because I was dying.　　And Warner could’ve let me die. He was angry and hurt and had every reason to be bitter. I’d just ripped his heart out; I’d let him believe something would come of our relationship. I let him confess the depth of his feelings to me; I let him touch me in ways even Adam hadn't. I didn't ask him to stop.　　Every inch of me was saying yes.　　And then I took it all back. Because I was scared, and confused, and conflicted. Because of Adam.　　Warner told me he loved me, and in return I insulted him and lied to him and yelled at him and pushed him away. And when he had the chance to stand back and watch me die, he didn’t.　　He found a way to save my life.　　With no demands. No expectations. Believing full well that I was in love with someone else, and that saving my life meant making me whole again only to give me back to another guy.　　And right now, I can’t say I know what Adam would do if I were dying in front of him. I’m not sure if he would save my life. And that uncertainty alone makes me certain that something wasn't right between us.
Cordelia Fine, Delusions of Gender: How Our Minds, Society, and Neurosexism Create Difference|Gender, not religion, is the opiate of the masses.
Jandy Nelson, The Sky Is Everywhere|I drop on my back on the bed, panting and sweating. How will I survive this missing? How do others do it? People die all the time. Every day. Every hour. There are families all over the world staring at beds that are no longer slept in, shoes that are no longer worn. Families that no longer have to buy a particular cereal, a kind of shampoo. There are people everywhere standing in line at the movies, buying curtains, walking dogs, while inside, their hearts are ripping to shreds. For years. For their whole lives. I don't believe time heals. I don't want it to. If I heal, doesn't that mean I've accepted the world without her?
Abbie Chandler, The Veiled Soul|The sudden pounding in her chest, the trembling of her hands, the inflation of her lungs. It was exactly like being alive. It was reanimating the dead.
Robert Lacey, Inside the Kingdom: Kings, Clerics, Modernists, Terrorists and the Struggle for Saudi Arabia|In fighting its war, the Ministry of the Interior has resorted to a novel tactic–marriage. No Saudi official will admit on the record that the Kingdom’s terrorist problem might boil down to sexual frustration, but if a social system bans hot-blooded young men from contact with the opposite sex in their most hot-blooded years, perhaps it is hardly surprising that some of them channel this frustration into violence. One cornerstone of the extremist rehab program is to get the “beneficiaries,” as they are called, settled down with a wife as soon as possible. The Ministry of the Interior pays each unmarried beneficiary 60,000 riyals (some $18,000), the going rate for a dowry, or bride price. The family arranges a marriage, and whenever he can, Prince Mohammed turns up for the wedding.When Khaled Al-Hubayshi was released from Al-Haier prison early in 2007, he wasted no time finding himself a bride at government expense.
R. Cooper, Some Kind of Magic|Chalk again?" Cal seemed almost disappointed. "Too bad there's no chalk monster."Penn snorted with amusement. Chalk monster. That was like saying it was a vampire. Everyone knew vampires didn't exist. Zombies who drank blood to stay alive. Ridiculous.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|[God] created us free to choose how we would live . . . but leaves us free to pursue our own ends with tragic, natural consequences.
Kimberly Raye, Dead End Dating|While I had no intention of hooking up with him, I still wanted him to want to hook up with me.It was the principle of the thing, after all.
Malcolm Bradbury, Eating People is Wrong|Visions and voices and fear and despair cannot be captured by CT scan or measured in the amplitude of EKG waves. Try as we might, we simply cannot predict which of our patients will kill themselves, which will murder their children, and which will leave the hospital healed, never to return.
Tracee Ellis Ross|When I go in the studio, I put myself into a place where I'm feeling something I want to portray, which is often being sad, lonely. But as soon as I'm starting to make something, it's when I'm the happiest. Ever. I think that comes out at the same time, so there's that juxtaposition.
Lee Marvin|The more you look, the less you see.
Felix Wantang, Face to Face Meetings With Jesus Christ: The Language of Heaven|To know Jesus Christ, you must first understand his supernatural identity. He is God.
Kaitlin DS Cammie|I am a phoenix rising from the ashes of my pain and suffering. Today I am reborn, today begins my growth and change.
Antonin Artaud|I, myself, spent 9 years in an insane asylum and never had any suicidal tendencies, but I know that every conversation I had with a psychiatrist during the morning visit made me long to hang myself because I was aware that I could not slit his throat.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Worrying paralyzes progress; prayer, preparation and persistence ensures it.
Martha Gellhorn, The Face of War|No wars, in the war-logged record of our species, have been terminal. Until now, when we know that nuclear war would be the death of our planet. It is beyond belief that any governments–those brief political figures–arrogate to themselves the right to stop history, at their discretion.
Ansel Elgort|I think that most people who are just artists, who are getting famous, would trade a lot of their fame back for some normalcy, pretty much immediately.
John Hawkes, Travesty|One and all they are driven by the twin engines of ignorance and willful barbarism. You nod, you also are familiar with these two powerful components of our national character, ignorance and willful barbarianism. Yes, everywhere you turn, and even among the most gifted of us, the most extensively educated, these two brute forces of motivation will eventually emerge. The essential information is always missing; sensitivity is a mere veil to self-concern. We are all secret encouragers of ignorance, at heart we are all willful barbarians.
Lemony Snicket, The Latke Who Couldn't Stop Screaming: A Christmas Story|Santa Claus has nothing to do with it," the latke said. "Christmas and Hanukah are completely different things.""But different things can often blend together," said the pine tree. "Let me tell you a funny story about pagan rituals.
Sarah Noffke, Awoken|You're my hero, Rhage."Ears pricked up, Rhage watched her closely. Anything she said was important to him, and how lovely was that?"I always thought I'd grow up and find my own hero." Rainie grimaced at herself in the mirror. Obviously she shouldn't have wasted her youth on reading and daydreaming. "But I gave up; I'm not holding out for a hero anymore.
Steven Pinker, The Language Instinct: How the Mind Creates Language|What is truly arresting about our kind is better captured in the story of the Tower of Babel, in which humanity, speaking a single language, came so close to reaching heaven that God himself felt threatened.
Prashant Chopra, The Eyes that drowned Uyuni|A man dies still if he has done nothing, as one who has done much.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Oh, mention it! If I storm, you have the art of weeping.""Mr. Rochester, I must leave you.""For how long, Jane? For a few minutes, while you smooth your hair — which is somewhat dishevelled; and bathe your face — which looks feverish?""I must leave Adele and Thornfield. I must part with you for my whole life: I must begin a new existence among strange faces and strange scenes.""Of course: I told you you should. I pass over the madness about parting from me. You mean you must become a part of me. As to the new existence, it is all right: you shall yet be my wife: I am not married. You shall be Mrs. Rochester — both virtually and nominally. I shall keep only to you so long as you and I live. You shall go to a place I have in the south of France: a whitewashed villa on the shores of the Mediterranean. There you shall live a happy, and guarded, and most innocent life. Never fear that I wish to lure you into error — to make you my mistress. Why did you shake your head? Jane, you must be reasonable, or in truth I shall again become frantic."His voice and hand quivered: his large nostrils dilated; his eye blazed: still I dared to speak."Sir, your wife is living: that is a fact acknowledged this morning by yourself. If I lived with you as you desire, I should then be your mistress: to say otherwise is sophistical — is false.""Jane, I am not a gentle-tempered man — you forget that: I am not long-enduring; I am not cool and dispassionate. Out of pity to me and yourself, put your finger on my pulse, feel how it throbs, and — beware!"He bared his wrist, and offered it to me: the blood was forsaking his cheek and lips, they were growing livid; I was distressed on all hands. To agitate him thus deeply, by a resistance he so abhorred, was cruel: to yield was out of the question. I did what human beings do instinctively when they are driven to utter extremity — looked for aid to one higher than man: the words "God help me!" burst involuntarily from my lips."I am a fool!" cried Mr. Rochester suddenly. "I keep telling her I am not married, and do not explain to her why. I forget she knows nothing of the character of that woman, or of the circumstances attending my infernal union with her. Oh, I am certain Jane will agree with me in opinion, when she knows all that I know! Just put your hand in mine, Janet — that I may have the evidence of touch as well as sight, to prove you are near me — and I will in a few words show you the real state of the case. Can you listen to me?""Yes, sir; for hours if you will.
Samwise Gamgee|I know. It's all wrong. By rights we shouldn't even be here. But we are. It's like in the great stories, Mr. Frodo. The ones that really mattered. Full of darkness and danger, they were. And sometimes you didn't want to know the end. Because how could the end be happy? How could the world go back to the way it was when so much bad had happened? But in the end, it's only a passing thing, this shadow. Even darkness must pass. A new day will come. And when the sun shines it will shine out the clearer. Those were the stories that stayed with you. That meant something, even if you were too small to understand why. But I think, Mr. Frodo, I do understand. I know now. Folk in those stories had lots of chances of turning back, only they didn't. They kept going. Because they were holding on to something.
C. JoyBell C.|I'm not in search of sanctity, sacredness, purity; these things are found after this life, not in this life; but in this life I search to be completely human: to feel, to give, to take, to laugh, to get lost, to be found, to dance, to love and to lust, to be so human.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|every single explanation that your brain concocts about a certain phenomenon on earth, is merely a virtual hunch of the neurons. Now, when your brain has access to more information, the resulting hunch would be more accurate, than another person who has less access.
Salman Rushdie|Alone, [Chamcha] all at once remembered that he and Pamela had once disagreed, as they disagreed on everything, on a short-story they’d both read, whose theme was precisely the nature of the unforgivable. Title and author eluded him, but the story came back vividly. A man and a woman had been intimate friends (never lovers) for all their adult lives. On his twenty-first birthday (they were both poor at the time) she had given him, as a joke, the most horrible, cheap glass vase she could find, in colours a garish parody of Venetian gaiety. Twenty years later, when they were both successful and greying, she visited his home and quarrelled with him over his treatment of a mutual friend. In the course of the quarrel her eye fell upon the old vase, which he still kept in pride of place on his sitting-room mantelpiece, and, without pausing in her tirade, she swept it to the floor, crushing it beyond hope of repair. He never spoke to her again; when she died, half a century later, he refused to visit her deathbed or attend her funeral, even though messengers were sent to tell him that these were her dearest wishes. ‘Tell her,’ he said to the emissaries, 'that she never knew how much I valued what she broke.’ The emissaries argued, pleaded, raged. If she had not known how much meaning he had invested in the trifle, how could she in all fairness be blamed? And had she not made countless attempts, over the years, to apologize and atone? And she was dying, for heaven’s sake; could not this ancient, childish rift be healed at last? They had lost a lifetime’s friendship; could they not even say goodbye? 'No,’ said the unforgiving man. – 'Really because of the vase? Or are you concealing some other, darker matter?’ – 'It was the vase,’ he answered, 'the vase, and nothing but.’ Pamela thought the man petty and cruel, but Chamcha had even then appreciated the curious privacy, the inexplicable inwardness of the issue. 'Nobody can judge an internal injury,’ he had said, 'by the size of the superficial wound, of the hole.
Erin Kellison, The Sandman|Did the van die because it's a complete piece of shit or was it something supernatural?" Tyler asked...
Bronnie Ware, The Top Five Regrets of the Dying: A Life Transformed by the Dearly Departing|One of life's great truths is this: when one is about to be struck by a speeding six-hundred pound Coke machine, one need worry about little else.
John Armstrong, Conditions of Love: The Philosophy of Intimacy|Imagination paints a charming view of the future, conveniently adapted to the demands of our current emotion.
Jürgen Habermas|The scientistic faith in a science that will one day not only fulfill, but eliminate, personal self-conception through objectifying self-description is not science, but bad philosophy.
Willow Madison, True Nature|He leans towards me for a kiss and our mouths fuse. I explode. I'm all over him, absorbing his warmth and the beat of his heart. It's like he knows my pain, and he's trying to erase it. It's like he's bringing me back to life with every brush of our lips.
Laurell K. Hamilton, The Laughing Corpse|His eyes widened just a bit, his lips flexed. I realized he was trying not to laugh. I hate it when people find my threats amusing.
Karon Waddell|If you don’t have time to do it right, when will you have time to do it over?
Lynn A. Robinson, Divine Intuition: Your Inner Guide to Purpose, Peace, and Prosperity, Revised and Updated|I believe that God gives you hopes and dreams in a size that's too large, so you have something to grow into.
Italo Calvino, Six Memos for the Next Millennium|Live each day as if it’s your last’, that was the conventional advice, but really, who had the energy for that? What if it rained or you felt a bit glandy? It just wasn’t practical. Better by far to simply try and be good and courageous and bold and to make a difference. Not change the world exactly, but the bit around you. Go out there with your passion and your electric typewriter and work hard at … something. Change lives through art maybe. Cherish your friends, stay true to your principles, live passionately and fully and well. Experience new things. Love and be loved, if you ever...
Richard Paul Evans|As long as the opposition believes the world will stand with Ukraine's democrat reformers, they will have the leverage and the courage to establish a legitimate republic under the leadership of Viktor Yushchenko.
Oswald Chambers, The Pilgrim's Songbook|Let Us Be GratefulToday we give our thanks most of all, for the ideals of honor and faith we inherit from our forefathers - for the decency of purpose, steadfastness of resolve and strength of will, for the courage and the humility, which they possessed and which we must seek every day to emulate. As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words but to live by them.
Ronald Reagan|If you analyze it I believe the very heart and soul of conservatism is libertarianism. I think conservatism is really a misnomer just as liberalism is a misnomer for the liberals — if we were back in the days of the Revolution, so-called conservatives today would be the Liberals and the liberals would be the Tories. The basis of conservatism is a desire for less government interference or less centralized authority or more individual freedom and this is a pretty general description also of what libertarianism is.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With faith, we can conquer the mightiest mountain.
Walter Moers, The Alchemaster's Apprentice: A Culinary Tale from Zamonia by Optimus Yarnspinner|Picture to yourself the most beautiful girl imaginable! She was so beautiful that there would be no point, in view of my meagre talent for storytelling, in even trying to put her beauty into words. That would far exceed my capabilities, so I'll refrain from mentioning whether she was a blonde or a brunette or a redhead, or whether her hair was long or short or curly or smooth as silk. I shall also refrain from the usual comparisons where her complexion was concerned, for instance milk, velvet, satin, peaches and cream, honey or ivory, Instead, I shall leave it entirely up to your imagination to fill in this blank with your own ideal of feminine beauty.
Lailah Gifty Akita|One day at a time, we will reach our dream land.
Melanie Dickerson, A Viscount's Proposal|You have every right to be free, Miss Langdon. No one is denying you that. But freedom is only valuable if you use your freedom wisely.
Yael Stone|I don't need a Hollywood girl. They're crazy. If you're with an actress, you don't know who you're going to come home to every day. But I wouldn't mind a relationship with the right girl. Every artist needs a muse.
Rachael Wade, Love and Relativity|Let me tell you something, honey. When your boobs fall south and that pretty skin of yours looks like you’ve been tanning in a nuclear war zone, you’ll see what I mean about independence. When the looks are gone, all you’ve got left is your spirit, and ya gotta use it until you lose it. That and the occasional sponge bath from Francisco, but soon his ass will be just as wrinkly as mine. Beauty fades, but a strong will keeps ya young and springy.-Miss Velma
Patrick W. Carr, A Cast of Stones|When everything is said and done, the only thing that really matters is the quality of the soul you build during the life you're given.
V.S. Atbay|Science has proven that subatomic particles can exist in two places at once. Since we are all made up of these particles, then this simple fact should drastically re-define every limitation that you think you have.
Stacey Jay, Of Beast and Beauty|A smaller rocket cut across the sky, trailing smoke. It exploded in a red heart."Awwwww!" said the crowd."Upside down," said Sean.The heart was, indeed, upside down. It grew and grew, upside down, until it's lights trailed and faded.A bigger rocket exploded in bright golden sparks, and then came another red heart."Upside down," said all the boys.Three explosions layered on top of one another, gold, blue, pink. Then still another red heart exploded, growing and growing before it faded."Upside down," said everyone in the boat but me.My own heart expanded for Adam.I whispered, "I know what he meant.
Steven Curtis Chapman|For love would be love of the wrong thing; there is yet faith, But the faith and the love and the hope are all in the waiting.
Garry Crystal, And When the Arguing's Over...|Well the other thing about lying is that the liar is banking on two things when telling the lie. They are hoping that the person being lied to is gullible enough to believe, and it’s also not even that they think they are gullible, it’s that they know the person they are lying to well enough that they know the person won’t push it any further because they know the person they are lying to wants to believe the lie.
Colette, Gigi and Julie de Carneilhan|You were listening at the door, Gigi!""No, Grandmamma.""Yes, you had your ear to the keyhole. You must never listen at key-holes. You don't hear properly and so you get things all wrong.
Gregory Miller|I accept this award today with an abiding faith in America and an audacious faith in the future of mankind. I refuse to accept despair as the final response to the ambiguities of history. I refuse to accept the idea that the "isness" of man's present nature makes him morally incapable of reaching up for the eternal "oughtness" that forever confronts him. I refuse to accept the idea that man is mere flotsom and jetsom in the river of life, unable to influence the unfolding events which surround him. I refuse to accept the view that mankind is so tragically bound to the starless midnight of racism and war that the bright daybreak of peace and brotherhood can never become a reality.
Rachel E. Carter, Apprentice|That somehow, this insufferable girl would become the one person I am forever, hopelessly, madly drawn to against my will and possibly even my better judgment.
Louise Penny, The Brutal Telling|Things that are easily done are often much harder to undo. Sometimes, impossible.
C. Elizabeth|Listen to your inner self, it knows you best.
Catherine Deneuve|I am very romantic. In fact, I just renewed my vows... although it was with another woman.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|I suppose.” Mousefur sniffed. “No doubt it’ll be up to me to teach them manners. Kits nowadays don’t know how to show any respect.”Jayfeather’s whiskers twitched with amusement.“Don’t you believe it,” Purdy whispered. “She was teaching Lilykit and Seedkit how to reach under the wall of the warriors’ den and catch stray tails yesterday.
Mehmet Murat ildan, William Shakespeare|Ignorant voters of the democracies are always a great threat to the progression of humanity, simply because they give their votes to the people who look like themselves!
Germaine Greer|The stereotype is the Eternal Feminine. She is the Sexual Object sought by all men, and by all woman. She is of neither sex, for she has herself no sex at all. Her value is solely attested by the demand she excites in others.
Paul Christensen, The Hungry Wolves of Van Diemen's Land|Fifty grand for a paper bucket? Well it was all about context, you see.
Kate Meader, Even the Score|Gripping her wrists, he pinned her tight to the vanity. “That sex as a weapon thing can only get you so far, Tess.”Wanna bet? “I’m not damaged, cowboy. I don’t have hang-ups about my body, I don’t use sex to mask my problems”—much—“and right now, if you don’t touch me in some very hot, very wet places, I might die.
Morrie Schwartz.|The most important thing in life is to learn how to give out love, and let it come in.
Charles Kettering|Change is a continuous process. You cannot assess it with the static yardstick of a limited time frame. When a seed is sown into the ground, you cannot immediately see the plant. You have to be patient. With time, it grows into a large tree. And then the flowers bloom, and only then can the fruits be plucked.
Bernard Tschumi|In architecture and interiors, as well as fashion, there is an interaction that is both functional and aesthetic.
James D. Watson|If you go into science, I think you better go in with a dream that maybe you, too, will get a Nobel Prize. It's not that I went in and I thought I was very bright and I was going to get one, but I'll confess, you know, I knew what it was.
Chris Kraus, I Love Dick|Water: 35 liters, Carbon: 20 kg, Ammonia: 4 liters, Lime:1.5 kg, Phosphrus: 800 g, salt: 250g, saltpeter:100g, Sulfer: 80g, Fluorine: 7.5 g, iron: 5.6 g, Silicon: 3g, and 15 other elements in small quantities.... thats the total chemical makeup of the average adult body. Modern science knows all of this, but there has never been a single example of succesful human trasmutation. It's like there's some missing ingredient..... Scientists have been trying to find it for hundreds of years, pouring tons of money into research, and to this day they don't have a theory. For that matter, the elements found in a human being is all junk that you can buy in any market with a child's allowence. Humans are pretty cheaply made.
James S.A. Corey, Honor Among Thieves|Progress is the exploration of our own error. Evolution is a consolidation of what have always begun as errors. And errors are of two kinds: errors that turn out to be true and errors that turn out to be false (which are most of them). But they both have the same character of being an imaginative speculation. I say all this because I want very much to talk about the human side of discovery and progress, and it seems to me terribly important to say this in an age in which most non-scientists are feeling a kind of loss of nerve.
Stephen King, Rage|The languor of Youth - how unique and quintessential it is! How quickly, how irrecoverably, lost!
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|We are all endowed with the wealth of time equally. Everybody that is born on the surface of this earth, has this wealth.
Eugen Herrigel, Zen in the Art of Archery|When we attach to a problem, we make the problem worse. When we attach to a solution, we make the problem worse.
Summer Lane, State of Hope|I am not the girl I once was, and that is okay. I am a new woman, because this is a new world, and I will do what I must for the people I love...Nothing is perfect, but we have a chance now. We have hope, and that is all I ever asked for.
A.H. Septimius, Crowns Of Amara: The Return Of The Oracle|History will remember him as a savage, but that's because we write the histories.
Shannon Celebi|When the others were picked up and walked home by friends or fathers or best friend’s sisters,I was the kid in a grey hoodie, walking with the poets, the singers, the thinkers, and I was not alone.
Mark H. Lytle, The Gentle Subversive: Rachel Carson, Silent Spring, and the Rise of the Environmental Movement|She could not be silent even if the men of science, many of them smug experts in white lab coats who promised “better living through chemistry,” dismissed her warnings as feminine hysteria.
Nikki Giovanni|I love you because no two snowflakes are alike, and it is possible, if you stand tippy-toe, to walk between the raindrops. 
Tim Ingold, Imagining Landscapes: Past, Present and Future|Artists, composers and writers...are bent upon capturing and reining in the insights of a fugitive imagination, always inclined to shoot off into the distance, before they can get away, and on bringing them back into the immediacy of material engagement. Like hunters, they too are dream-catchers.
Adrienne Rich, On Lies, Secrets, and Silence: Selected Prose, 1966-1978|I'm just asking you to accept that there are some people who will go to extraordinary lengths to cover up the facts that they are abusing children.What words are there to describe what happened to me, what was done to me? Some call it ritual abuse, others call it organised abuse. There are those that call it satanic. I've heard all the phrases, not just in relation to me, but also with regard to those I work with and try to help. Do you know what I think? It doesn't matter how you dress it up, it doesn't matter what label you put on it. It is abuse, pure and simple. It is adults abusing children. It is adults deciding - actually making a conscious decision, a conscious choices that what they want, what they convince themselves they need, is more important than anything else; certainly more important than the safety or feelings or sanity of a child.However, there can be differences which are layered on top of that abuse. I'm not saying that some abuse is worse than others, or that someone 'wins' the competition to have the worst abuse inflicted on them, but ritual and organised abuse is at the extreme end of the spectrum. If we try to think of a continuum where there are lots of different things imposed on children (or, for that matter, anyone who is forced into these things — and that force can take many forms, it can be threats and promises, as well as kicks and punches), then ritual and organised abuse is intense and complicated.It often involves multiple abusers of both sexes. There can be extreme violence, mind control, systematic torture and even, in some cases, a complex belief system which is sometimes described as religion. I say 'described as' religion because, to me, I think that when this aspect is involved, it is window dressing. I'm not religious. I cried many times for God to save me. I was always ignored — how could I believe? However, I think that ritual abusers who do use religious imagery or 'beliefs' are doing so to justify it all to themselves, or to confuse the victim, or to hide their activities. Ritual abuse is highly organised and, obviously, secretive. It is often linked with other major crimes such as child pornography, child prostitution, the drugs industry, trafficking, and many other illegal and heinous activities. Ritual abuse is organised sexual, physical and psychological abuse, which can be systematic and sustained over a long period of time. It involves the use of rituals - things which the abusers 'need' to do, or 'need' to have in place - but it doesn't have to have a belief system. There doesn't have to be God or the Devil, or any other deity for it to be considered 'ritual'. It involves using patterns of learning and development to keep the abuse going and to make sure the child stays quiet.
Frederick Espiritu, One Whole Naked Me|Time present and time pastAre both perhaps present in time futureAnd time future contained in time past.If all time is eternally presentAll time is unredeemable.What might have been is an abstractionRemaining a perpetual possibilityOnly in a world of speculation.What might have been and what has beenPoint to one end, which is always present.
Fernando Divina, Foods of the Americas: Native Recipes and Traditions|The cakes and pies and casseroles beckoned like gastronomic sirens, and there was no one to lash me to the mast.
Jess "Chief" Brynjulson, Highway Writings|You can't have one without the other,you can't be something you don't believe,you can't live if you linger in tomorrow,you can't be in the past and expect to see me,but you can only love when you're in the right here, right now.
