Mary Woronov, Swimming Underground: My Years in the Warhol Factory|Englishmen rarely cry, except under the pressure of the acutest grief; whereas in some parts of the Continent the men shed tears much more readily and freely.
Patricia Riggen|I have women working in high positions. I was one of the first people to put women in charge of big construction jobs. And, you know, I've had a great relationship with women.
Lisa Carlisle, Dark Pursuit|She shivered as a blustery wind rushed past. She’d made a mistake in returning to the city. She should’ve stayed in the castle with Antoine. She’d be warm in his arms right now, instead of being held prisoner.
Mitch Albom, For One More Day|In the Presence of Love...there are Miracles...Live Love, Give Love and Miracle will follow Miracle and wonders will never cease.
Stephen King, Duma Key|Remember, childhood only lasts 10-12 years. There's a lot that has to be squeezed in to make for a lifetime of happy memories. ♥
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Dance. Smile. Giggle. Marvel. TRUST. HOPE. LOVE. WISH. BELIEVE. Most of all, enjoy every moment of the journey, and appreciate where you are at this moment instead of always focusing on how far you have to go.
Ryan Gosling|I always see my songs in colors, and I'm often more inspired by movies and photographs than I am by other songs when I write my music. I'm also inspired by fashion, and I want my music to be a visual painting of what's in my mind.
T.B. Markinson, A Woman Lost|Success is not about how others feel about you,its about how you feel about yourself.
Chaim Potok, The Gift of Asher Lev|Art begins . . . when someone interprets, when someone sees the world through his own eyes. Art happens when what is seen becomes mixed with the inside of the person who is seeing it.
Yann Martel, The Facts Behind the Helsinki Roccamatios|Like punk rock, like Jackson Pollock, like Jack Kerouac, it was truly human, a mix of perfect beauty and cathartic error.
Vivi Anna, Bad to the Bone|Daddy, Momma! I made a friend. His name is Ike, and he ain’t got no tail because they chopped it off, but Aidan didn’t cop it off. Tourists chopped it off. But then Aiden went and fought the tourist. I hope we don’t get no tourists here. We would have to hide all the dogs.
Dada Bhagwan|It is the nature of the circumstances to disperse. If there is attachment with the circumstance, there will be abhorrence when they get dispersed.
Dimitris Mita|They never said “I don’t know.” They said, instead, “I’m not sure,” which did not give any information but still suggested the possibility of knowledge.
Czesław Miłosz|You must picture me alone in that room in Magdalen, night after night, feeling, whenever my mind lifted even for a second from my work, the steady, unrelenting approach of Him whom I so earnestly desired not to meet. That which I greatly feared had at last come upon me. In the Trinity Term of 1929 I gave in, and admitted that God was God, and knelt and prayed: perhaps, that night, the most dejected and reluctant convert in all England. I did not then see what is now the most shining and obvious thing; the Divine humility which will accept a convert even on such terms. The Prodigal Son at least walked home on his own feet. But who can duly adore that Love which will open the high gates to a prodigal who is brought in kicking, struggling, resentful, and darting his eyes in every direction for a chance of escape? The words “compelle intrare,” compel them to come in, have been so abused be wicked men that we shudder at them; but, properly understood, they plumb the depth of the Divine mercy. The hardness of God is kinder than the softness of men, and His compulsion is our liberation.
Debasish Mridha|Belief is a shelter, a prison for a curious mind.
Alexandra Fuller|I'm still shy - I'm no good at my children's parent-teacher conferences, and I'm slowly learning how to ask for what I want. But I now know that I have a reserve of courage to draw upon when I really need it. There's nothing that I'm too scared to have a go at.
Kyle Adams, A Dirty Drag Collection|Joshua tried to find the right words to explain how things were--how they'd always been. "It's like... prairie dogs."Ben quirked an eyebrow at him."You see the holes. 'N' you know the dogs are around, even if you don't see the dogs themselves.""What the hell are you talkin' about?""Gay. Cowboys. They're there. Like a lot of single cowboys, they go into Billings once a month, only they ain't there so see women. There's no point in flingin' yourself around in public, 's all.
Patrick J. Kennedy|Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. If you want to conquer fear, do not sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.
Edward J. Stieglitz|The important thing to you is not how many years in your life, but how much life in your years!
Edna St. Vincent Millay, Wine from These Grapes|Degraded bird, I give you back your eyes forever, ascend now whither you are tossed;Forsake this wrist, forsake this rhyme;Soar, eat ether, see what has never been seen; depart, be lost,But climb.
Diana Hollingsworth Gessler, Very New Orleans: A Celebration of History, Culture, and Cajun Country Charm|Ladies glisten, men perspire, horses sweat.-Early Nun Quote, The Old Ursuline Convent (1727) New Orleans, LA
Charles Stanley|There is only one thing which can master the perplexed stuff of epic material into unity; and that is, an ability to see in particular human experience some significant symbolism of man's general destiny.
Faith Tilley Johnson|If one door closes, another opens. As far as you're growing and updating yourself, the world craves to have a piece of you.
Nana Awere Damoah|You look at pictures of Nepal, push a smile button, and you think that’s the same as going there.
Corey Ann Haydu|Like Christmas trees and Easter egg hunts and the block party on the last day of summer, we do things because traditions feel cozy and safe.
Viorica Dragotel|We all have energy and when our energy aligns with what we are intending, we receive it.
Alvar N. C. de Vaca|A singer starts by having his instrument as a gift from God... When you have been given something in a moment of grace, it is sacrilegious to be greedy.
Angela B. Wade, Fallen River|If you had watched any of those three wonderful films, you would have caught Vampire Gym Teacher # 2: Back to Cruel, where the vampire hunter ties a vampire chick to the shower and tortures her by turning on the water. They can‟t stand water, even if it‟s not holy water.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|He was cold, standing in a wood, talking to a big black bird who was currently brunching on Bambi.
Eleesha|We cannot face up to what lies ahead, without facing up to what lies within.
Andrew Coster, TRUE DAWN FALSE DAWN: GLOBAL COLLAPSE OF THE DO-RE-MI|He reasoned, even as a young man, that traditions may linger as he walked though the oracles of time. In later years he thought his mind may one day blur, should he survive to an old age, but as he spread ink on paper, transmitted and shared with those who came after him his experiences, his own grHe reasoned, even as a young man, that traditions may linger as he walked though the oracles of time. In later years he thought his mind may one day blur, should he survive to an old age, but as he spread ink on paper, transmitted and shared with those who came after him his experiences, his own great adventures, he believed perhaps they, like he, would give way to pause to reflect on how...hard it always was to open his eyes to begin a new day. eat adventures, he believed perhaps they, like he, would give way to pause to reflect on how goddamned hard it always was to open his eyes to begin a new day.
Herbert Mason, Gilgamesh: A Verse Narrative|As when we can recall so vividlyWe almost touch,Or think of all the gestures that we failedTo make.
Hilary Mantel|But I had to think to myself that this was normal, because that was the attitude. I was 19 when I went to see my doctor and I was told it was all in the mind.[Author Hilary Mantel on being told her endometriosis was imagined pain, From Oct 2009 Daily Mail interview]
Mindy Kaling, Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?|Later, when you're grown up, you realize you never really get to hang out with your family. You pretty much have only eighteen years to spend with them full time, and that's it.
Garry Moore|I was nine or 10 years old and my father was sacked on Christmas Day. He was a manager, the results had not been good, he lost a game on December 22 or 23. On Christmas Day, the telephone rang and he was sacked in the middle of our lunch.
Arjun Rampal|Almost 70 per cent of your fitness battle is won the day you realise what your body needs and when. I've made my own diets, and I decide for myself what works for me.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Invention of Wings|Information paints no picture, sings no song, and writes no poem.
Ryan Lilly|A life spent at the edge of the pier is a life full of regret, a life full of fear.
Chinua Achebe|I'm a student of world religion, so to me, it's hugely important to have knowledge and to understand what people are doing.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|We all have that divine moment, when our lives are transformed by the knowledge of the truth.
Jeff Hawkins, On Intelligence|The fate of the physiology of the brain is independent of the truth and falsity of my assertions relative to the laws of the organization of the nervous system, in general, and of the brain in particular, just as the knowledge of the functions of a sense is independent of the knowledge of the structure of its apparatus.
Walter Scott|The discovery of truth is prevented more effectively, not by the false appearance things present and which mislead into error, not directly by weakness of the reasoning powers, but by preconceived opinion, by prejudice.
DaShanne Stokes|Violence isn't a Democrat or Republican problem. It's an American problem, requiring an American solution.
Debasish Mridha|I am not here, I am somewhere else, my body is here but mind is in the skyflying with the clouds, spreading her wings of imagination to find the rainbow of happiness and joy.
Rosie Thomas, Iris & Ruby|I will continue my path, but I will keep a memory always.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|When I find the guy who torched that forest, I'm going to eat him. And I'm only going to half-cook him first.-Sergeant Schlock
Mary Jane Hathaway, Persuasion, Captain Wentworth and Cracklin' Cornbread|If there’s one shade a woman of colour can’t wear it’s got to be the one everyone expects, hasn’t it?
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|No one can serve two masters. Either he will hate the one and love the other, or he will be devoted to the one and despise the other. You cannot serve both God and Money.
Tammy L. Gray, Mercy's Fight|The only way to be productive is to realize we don't HAVE TO be productive. Our goal is to PLEASE God, not APPEASE God.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|If you defend free speech for bigots but not to combat bigotry, then you believe in bigotry, not free speech.
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|Before you get a bad attitude by drawing recurring conclusions to new situation based on past experiences, be sure to look for the possibilities.
R. Buckminster Fuller|I just want you to know that, when we talk about war, we're really talking about peace.
Christian Lander, Stuff White People Like: A Definitive Guide to the Unique Taste of Millions|What's most revolting is that one is really sad! No, it's better at home. Here at least one blames others for everything and excuses oneself.
Lee Strobel|To be a racing driver it's essential you have very good eyesight, and that's especially relevant at night. Your senses are heightened, you're travelling over 200mph, you need to focus on that 110-metre braking point and you have to have absolute faith and commitment in your driving.
Erica Goros, The Daisy Chain|I want true love in this life, and true contentment and peace. But maybe the only way I can find those things is to let go of the belief that this life is my reality.
Heenashree Khandelwal, Chicken In Chicken Out|All lies, freckled vows, crying-weeping on your toesExpected jelly beans gusto, got yourself a life imperfectoToo good a gal, too arrogant a galToo independent, too in need of ChanelTook a careless ride, leaped for a perilous dive Now look who thrived, who gave you a vibe.  - Chicken In Chicken Out
Ron Baratono, The Writings of Ron Baratono|When I look at your smile, I can see your heart. When I look at your heart, it makes me smile back.
Sherman Alexie, The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian|Life is like crossing a river. If you take a huge step-aim for too bigger dreams-then the current will knock you off your feet and carry you away. The way to do it is small steps, you will take hold of life. You will get there in the end.
Mary MacLane, I, Mary MacLane: A Diary of Human Days|I Don’t Know whether lust is a human coarseness or a human fineness: I don’t know why death holds a so sweet lure since it would take away my Body: I don’t know that I wouldn’t deny my Christ, if I had one, three times before a given cockcrow: I don’t know on the other hand that I would: I don’t know whether honor is a reality in human beings or a pose: I don’t know that I mayn’t be able to think with my Body when it is in its coffin.
Sue Grafton, I is for Innocent|Natures of your kind, with strong, delicate senses, the soul-oriented, the dreamers, poets, lovers are always superior to us creatures of the mind. You take your being from your mothers. You live fully; you were endowed with the strength of love, the ability to feel. Whereas we creatures of reason, we don't live fully; we live in an arid land, even though we often seem to guide and rule you. Yours is the plentitude of life, the sap of the fruit, the garden of passion, the beautiful landscape of art. Your home is the earth; ours is the world of ideas. You are in danger of drowning in the world of the senses; ours is the danger of suffocating in an airless void. You are an artist; I am a thinker. You sleep at your mother's breast; I wake in the desert. For me the sun shines; for you the moon and the stars. 
Carolyn Baker, Collapsing Consciously: Transformative Truths for Turbulent Times|If we can practice opening to the crises in our personal lives as teaching moments, as evolutionary stepping stones, we will be far better prepared emotionally and spiritually for the trauma that collapse will foist on us and everyone around us.
William Kershner|More proof that Lynn is still meant to continue with the government programme occurred during the winter of 2000, when she was sitting at a cafeteria table at the area college. It was later in the afternoon when a few people congregated there with books spread out so they could study while drinking coffee or snacking. Many tables were empty, yet after Lynn had been sitting for a few moments, an elderly man sat down across from her.The old man seemed familiar to Lynn, though, at first, she pretended to ignore him. He said nothing, just sat there as someone might when all the tables are filled and it is necessary to share space with a stranger. His presence made her uncomfortable, yet there was nothing specific that alerted her.A short while later, Mac, the man who had been Lynn's handler in Mexico, came out of the shadows and stopped at the table. He was younger than the old man. His clothes were military casual, the type of garments that veteran students who have military experience might recognise, but not think unusual. He leaned over Lynn and kissed her gently on the forehead, spoke quietly to her, and then said 'Wake up, Sleeping Beauty.' Those were the code words that would start the cover programme of which she was still part. The words led to her being switched from the control of the old man, a researcher she now believes may have been part of Dr Ewen Cameron's staff before coming to the United States for the latter part of his career, to the younger man.The change is like a re-enlistment in an army she never willingly joined. In a very real way, she is a career soldier who has never been paid, never allowed to retire and never given a chance to lead a life free from the fear of what she might do without conscious awareness.
Janet Boynes|You are the son of the Lord God! She said. That’s why you can kill and bring back to life, that’s why you can heal a blind man as Joseph saw you do, that’s why you can pray for snow and there will be snow, that’s why you can dispute with your uncle Cleopas when he forgets you’re a boy, that’s why you make sparrows from clay and bring them to life. Keep your power inside you. Guard it until your Father in Heaven shows you the time to use it. If he’s made you a child, then he’s made you a child to grow in wisdom as well as in everything else.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Wisdom is not to be at the top of a giant pyramid and hence see everywhere clearly, but wisdom is to be at the top, at the bottom, to be inside the pyramid, it is to be everywhere!
Debasish Mridha|To feel worthy, value others.
Debasish Mridha|You may not be able to understand the world, but you can create your own world with your perception and imagination.
Friedrich Engels, Socialism: Utopian and Scientific|Veal! Trust these bloated plutocrats to eat the flesh of poor, newly-born calves!
Anthony Joshua|My first outdoor cooking memories are full of erratic British summers, Dad swearing at a barbecue that he couldn't put together, and eventually eating charred sausages, feeling brilliant.
Peter Capaldi|I always tell students that you've got to be practical. You do not need a dream. You need a purpose, something you can wake up to in the morning when the dream is dissipated.
Susan Elia MacNeal, Mr. Churchill's Secretary|We are horse folk, and that means more than we think it does.
R. N. Prasher|It is one of the greatest Curses visited upon Mankind, he told me, that they shall fear where no Fear is: this astrological and superstitious Humour disarms men's Hearts, it breaks their Courage, it makes them help to bring such Calamities on themselves. Then he stopped short and looked at me, but my Measure was not yet fill'd up so I begg' d him to go on, go on. And he continued: First, they fancy that such ill Accidents must come to pass, and so they render themselves fit Subjects to be wrought upon; it is a Disgrace to the Reason and Honour of Mankind that every fantasticall Humourist can presume to interpret the Skies (here he grew Hot and put down his Dish) and to expound the Time and Seasons and Fates of Empires, assigning the Causes of Plagues and Fires to the Sins of Men or the Judgements of God. This weakens the Constancy of Humane Actions, and affects Men with Fears, Doubts, Irresolutions and Terrours.I was afraid of your Moving Picture, I said without thought, and that was why I left.It was only Clock-work, Nick.But what of the vast Machine of the World, in which Men move by Rote but in which nothing is free from Danger?Nature yields to the Froward and the Bold.It does not yield, it devours: You cannot master or manage Nature.But, Nick, our Age can at least take up the Rubbidge and lay the Foundacions: that is why we must study the principles of Nature, for they are our best Draught.No, sir, you must study the Humours and Natures of Men: they are corrupt, and therefore your best Guides to understand Corrupcion.The things of the Earth must be understood by the sentient Faculties, not by the Understanding. There was a Silence between us now until Sir Chris. says, Is your Boy in the Kitchin? I am mighty Hungry.
Neta Jackson, Who Is My Shelter?|Musical Chairs. Except I thought, when God's providing the music, everyone gets a chair.
J.D. Robb, Conspiracy in Death|Eve talking to someone on her computer and having trouble with the language translator....."I have two like crimes. Your data and your input on Leclerk would be very helpful"Marie pursed her lips and humor danced in her eyes."It says you would like to have sex with me. I don't think that is correct""Oh, for Christ sake" Eve slammed a fist against the machine.....
Vera Wang|Music does a lot of things for a lot of people. It's transporting, for sure. It can take you right back, years back, to the very moment certain things happened in your life. It's uplifting, it's encouraging, it's strengthening.
Eliezer Yudkowsky, Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality|Because the way people are built, Hermione, the way people are built to feel inside -" Harry put a hand over his own heart, in the anatomically correct position, then paused and moved his hand up to point toward his head at around the ear level, "- is that they hurt when they see their friends hurting. Someone inside their circle of concern, a member of their own tribe. That feeling has an off-switch, an off-switch labeled 'enemy' or 'foreigner' or sometimes just 'stranger'. That's how people are, if they don't learn otherwise.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|When a person irrationally and quite pathologically sticks to the creeds of his scriptures too much, it can turn even a great human being into the worst version of himself.
Alexander Pope, An Essay on Man|There is not a man of us who does not at times need a helping hand to be stretched out to him, and then shame upon him who will not stretch out the helping hand to his brother.
Mary E. DeMuth, Everything: What You Give and What You Gain to Become Like Jesus|Idolatry involves putting the things we love in the place of God or seeing God as a means of getting the things that we want, and that's the second great struggle of our lives.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|For humans, flying isn't magic, it's physics.
Lani Brown, Witchy Girls: The Rise to Power|I was seven," she answered. "In my room, under the bed, I heard something like fingernails dragging across the floor. I got up the courage, hung my head over the side, and looked under.""You're never supposed to do that," Mila gasped. "Seriously, don't you pay attention to the horror movies?
Friedrick Engels|Darwin did not know what a bitter satire he wrote on mankind ... when he showed that free competition, the struggle for existence, which the economists celebrate as the highest historical achievement, is the normal state of the animal kingdom. Only conscious organization of social production, in which production and distribution are carried on in a planned way, can lift mankind above the rest of the animal.
Rainbow Rowell, Attachments|What did he have to mope about, really? What more did he want?...Love. Purpose. Those are the things that you can't plan for. Those are the things that just happen. And what if they don't happen? Do you spend your whole life pining for them? Waiting to be happy?
Anthony Burgess|They were like waking up to what was being done to their malenky persons and saying that they wanted to go home and like I was a wild beast. They looked like they had been in some big bitva, as indeed they had, and were all bruised and pouty. Well, if they would not go to school they must have there education. And education they had had.
Salman Rushdie|Sometimes, people trying to commit suicide manage it in a manner that leaves them breathless with astonishment.
Lucy Mangan|If you’ve got a cozy mystery, and a dog is introduced, readers’ first question is, ‘Does the dog die?’ They never ask about a cat. They know that the first rule of cozies is: The Cat Never Dies.” – K.B. Inglee, mystery writer
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars / But in ourselves.” Easy enough to say when you’re a Roman nobleman (or Shakespeare!), but there is no shortage of fault to be found amid our stars.
V.C. Andrews, Seeds of Yesterday|Once I was in the cold dim room, without furniture or carpet or rugs, only a dollhouse that wasn't as wonderful as the original, I opened the tall and narrow closet door and began my ascent up the steep and narrow stairs. On my way to the attic.On my way to where I'd find my Christopher, again...
Asti Hustvedt, The Decadent Reader: Fiction, Fantasy, and Perversion from Fin-de-Siècle France|The conventional use of words and of narrative structure is deliberately subverted in decadent fiction; language deviates from the established norms in an attempt to reproduce pathology on a textual level. With its emphasis on aberration and artifice, the decadents' approach to the language of fiction frequently leans towards the baroque and the obscure.
Stephen King, Bag of Bones|If I ask you to think about something, you can decide not to. But if I make you feel something? Now I have your attention.
Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space|The symbolism seemed so apt. The same technology that can propel apocalyptic weapons from continent to continent would enable the first human voyage to another planet. It was a choice of fitting mythic power: to embrace the planet named after, rather than the madness ascribed to, the god of war.
George Jones|There's nothing I value more than the closeness of friends and family, a smile as I pass someone on the street.
Lailah Gifty Akita|At the dawn of light, the sacred path is made visible.
Garrison Keillor|The French have a new president, the British will soon have a new P.M., and we envy them as we endure the endless wait for this small dim man to go back to Texas and resume his life.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|Only in a place like this do earth and sky come together in such a way that they bridge into one, and in such a place a person could put up her arms and find herself in heaven.
Sanjida Kay, Bone by Bone|She felt as if she had no bones, like a jellyfish, hooked from the sea. She walked slowly towards them, her ears ringing, but they ignored her. All except for Levi, who stood at the end of the bridge, his hands in his pockets, smiling.
Jaz Mehat|Follow your heart,,,Go wherever it takes you and Whatever it takes.
Val Uchendu|Thorns with rose petals, beauty with imperfection, softness of insensibility, pain of love; duality of human nature
Vironika Tugaleva|Self-love is essential. Until you can learn how to feel loved in an empty room, you will not feel loved for very long in any other room.
Tana French, In the Woods|I plan to be a sinner tonight. Could've been something else, but looked way too good in my red dress to be anything Christian.
Mary Balogh, Slightly Dangerous|I would be consumed by you,' she said, and blinked her eyes furiously when she felt them fill with tears. 'You would sap all the energy and all the joy from me. You would put out all the fire of my vitality.''Give me a chance to fan the flames of that fire,' he said, 'and to nurture your joy.
Janet Evanovich|[Ranger] "How's your mental health?" he asked. "I heard about Soder."[Stephanie] "I'm rattled.""I have a cure."Oh, boy.He put the truck in gear and headed for the exit. "I know what you're thinking," he said. "And that wasn't where I was going. I was going to suggest work.""I knew that."He looked over at me and grinned. "You want me bad."I did. God help me.
Mehmet Murat ildan|You must often leave your country, not necessarily physically, but mentally often! Leave your own music; leave your own religion! Leave your own culture, your own books and ideas! Walk around in the world of others, listen to what they speak and learn what they think! In short, get out of your puddle, sail to the ocean! Move, friend, move out of your country!
George Savile|My hope is that we continue to nurture the places that we love, but that we also look outside our immediate worlds.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Imagine a life, full of love?
Mimi Novic, The Silence Between the Sighs|With each encounter, we leave a part of ourselves
NisiOisiN, Death Note: Another Note - The Los Angeles BB Murder Cases|I have nothing to do with him,” L said. “To be completely accurate, I do not even know B. He is simply someone I am aware of. But none of this affects my judgment. Certainly, I was interested in this case, and began to investigate it because I knew who the killer was. But that did not alter the way I investigated it, or the manner in which my investigation proceeded. Naomi Misora, I cannot overlook evil. I cannot forgive it. It does not matter if I know the person who commits evil or not. I am only interested in justice.”“Only... in justice…” Misora gasped. “Then... nothing else matters?” “I wouldn’t say that, but it is not a priority.”“You won’t forgive any evil, no matter what the evil is?” “I wouldn’t say that, but it is not a priority.”“But...”Like a thirteen-year-old victim. “There are people who justice cannot save.” Like a thirteen-year old criminal. “And there are people who evil can save.”“There are. But even so,” L said, his tone not changing at all, as if gently admonishing Naomi Misora. “Justice has more power than anything else.”“Power? By power... you mean strength?”“No. I mean kindness.” He said it so easily.
R. Alistair|For every quote, there is one that challenges it.
Saul Bellow, The Adventures of Augie March|Not only are animals unable to avail themselves of language to assert their own rights, but many fewer humans have a clear sense of kinship with animals than have a clear sense of kinship with other humans. Among beings with subjective states of awareness, animals are the untouchable caste, those whom human others would rather not acknowledge, let alone render assistance.
Jennifer Allwood, Covering Your Business in Prayer|Help me, Lord, in times when I am uninspired to see things differently.
Paul Bamikole|The reason that the American Navy does so well in wartime is that war is chaos, and the Americans practice chaos on a daily basis.
er.teji|If you can remain as an atheist in a falling plane, then it means you are a real atheist!
Woodrow Wilson|We have not given science too big a place in our education, but we have made a perilous mistake in giving it too great a preponderance in method in every other branch of study.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie|As a kid I understood that people were different colors, but in my head white and black and brown were like types of chocolate. Dad was the white chocolate, mom was the dark chocolate, and I was the milk chocolate. But we were all just chocolate. I didn’t know any of it had anything to do with “race.” I didn't know what race was. My mother never referred to my dad as white or to me as mixed. So when the other kids in Soweto called me "white", even though I was light brown, I just thought that they had their colors mixed up, like they hadn't learned them properly. "Ah, yes, my friend. You've confused aqua with turquoise. I can see how you made that mistake. You're not the first.
Dean Koontz, Odd Interlude: A Special Odd Thomas Adventure|If they don`t like you for being yourself, be yourself even more
Mark Spitz|For me, running against the Poles and Czechs would be like running against high school kids. And I hate all this gung-ho, run-for-the-red-white-and-blue attitude that the AAU spouts. If that's important to some people, fine, more power to 'em. But, damn it, I wish they'd leave me alone to do what I want to do - run against the best.
Donald Glover|I'm not a strikingly handsome guy, but I'm in movies.
RVM|Nobody can steal your Peace of mind, but you can surely throw it away by letting negativity into your Life.
Andrew Heller|Word-banning seems to be a trend of late. It's become fashionable to try to ban words we're uncomfortable with, which you really can't do in the first place. You can no more ban a word than you can ban the air. In fact, language is a lot like air – ban it all you want, it's still there.
Μανόλης Αναγνωστάκης|Ξέρω: κηρύγματα καὶ ρητορεῖες πάλι, θὰ πεῖς.Ἔ ναὶ λοιπόν! Κηρύγματα καὶ ρητορεῖες.Σὰν πρόκες πρέπει νὰ καρφώνονται οἱ λέξειςΝὰ μὴν τὶς παίρνει ὁ ἄνεμος.
Alice Dreger|There's always a side of me that goes, 'I'm just a nerd.' I never look at myself and say, 'I'm beautiful.' Like anyone else, I see the flaws. Guys don't do that as much as women. But you have to learn to appreciate and accept and love yourself as you are.
Mary Karr, Lit|How many people have I heard claim their children as the greatest accomplishment and comfort of their lives? It's the thing they can always lean on during a metaphysical crisis, or a moment of doubt about their relevancy - If I have done nothing else in this life, then at least I have raised my children well.But what if, either by choice or by reluctant necessity, you end up not participating in this comforting cycle of family and continuity? What if you step out? Where do you sit at the reunion? How do you mark time's passage without the fear that you've just fritted away your time on earth without being relevant? You'll need to find another purpose, another measure by which to judge whether or not you have been a successful human being. I love children, but what if I don't have any? What kind of person does that make me?Virginia Woolf wrote, "Across the broad continent of a woman's life falls the shadow of a sword." On one side of that sword, she said, there lies convention and tradition and order, where "all is correct." But on the other side of that sword, if you're crazy enough to cross it and choose a life that does not follow convention, "all is confusion. Nothing follows a regular course." Her argument was that the crossing of the shadow of that sword may bring a far more interesting existence to a woman, but you can bet it will also be more perilous.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|When justice is more certain and more mild, is at the same time more efficacious.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|You are your own soul mate, so love and treat yourself in the same way you would your life partner.
Graham McNamee, Acceleration|Some people you can't be friends with, not when you've been something more. 
Richelle Mead, Bloodlines|I just rely on natural talent," said Adrian, strolling up to the start of the Dragon's Lair. "When you have such a wealth of it to draw from, the danger comes from having too much.
Gary L. Francione|We had a little slave boy whom we had hired from some one, there in Hannibal. He was from the Eastern Shore of Maryland, and had been brought away from his family and his friends, half way across the American continent, and sold. He was a cheery spirit, innocent and gentle, and the noisiest creature that ever was, perhaps. All day long he was singing, whistling, yelling, whooping, laughing - it was maddening, devastating, unendurable. At last, one day, I lost all my temper, and went raging to my mother, and said Sandy had been singing for an hour without a single break, and I couldn't stand it, and wouldn't she please shut him up.The tears came into her eyes, and her lip trembled, and she said something like this - 'Poor thing, when he sings, it shows that he is not remembering, and that comforts me; but when he is still, I am afraid he is thinking, and I cannot bear it. He will never see his mother again; if he can sing, I must not hinder it, but be thankful for it. If you were older, you would understand me; then that friendless child's noise would make you glad.' It was a simple speech, and made up of small words, but it went home, and Sandy's noise was not a trouble to me any more.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|Worldlings pray to the Lord in times of need, when it serves their turn. They cry to Him in trouble, but forsake Him in prosperity.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|You are unique. You have different talents and abilities. You don’t have to always follow in the footsteps of others. And most important, you should always remind yourself that you don't have to do what everyone else is doing and have a responsibility to develop the talents you have been given.
Christopher Paolini|Books should go where they will be most appreciated, and not sit unread, gathering dust on a forgotten shelf, don't you agree?
Rick Riordan, The Maze of Bones|She led the way. Eyeless sockets of the dead seemed to stare at them as they passed. "These are cool," Dan decided. "Maybe I could-""No, Dan," Amy said. "You can't collect human bones.""Awww.
C.W. Abe Lincoln|It is better to give your path to a dog than to be bitten by him, contesting for the right.
Ken Kesey|What wild undisturbed corners do you leave within you or within your partner, your children, your parents, your closest friends? What is left respectfully and quietly for passive cultivation, for privacy, for the imagination, for discovery, for serendipity, for faith, for secrecy, for grace, for reverence, for the untapped, for the future, for the unknowable and the unknown?
James  Connor, The Superyogi Scenario|He no longer grasped to a strong sense of self. To him life felt more like a dream, a cascade of cause and effect that was completely up for grabs—and he was no longer separate from any of it. Because of that, he could do amazing things.
Jodi Picoult, Keeping Faith|The ability to find sparks may be buried so deep in you that you stop believing there's a God. Until someone comes along, with so much light in her that you can't help but see your own, and when you're together,that light grows even brighter.
Sheldon Harnick|The old sporadic fanaticism of religious hatred had been skillfully perverted into the cold, steady fanaticism of national hate.
Tim Minchin|I am no nihilist. I am not even a cynic. I am, actually, rather romantic. And here’s my idea of romance: You will soon be dead. Life will sometimes seem long and tough and, god, it’s tiring. And you will sometimes be happy and sometimes sad. And then you’ll beold. And then you’ll be dead.
John Clayton|You can think you're living in the moment and you're thankful, but when somebody comes face to face with you and says, 'I just lost my child,' or 'I have months to live, and thank you...' I'm of course sad for them, but I'm thankful that I gave them a gift and they're giving me a gift.
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|I wait, with some impatience in my pulse, but no doubt in my breast.
Rachel Joyce, The Unlikely Pilgrimage of Harold Fry|A journey indeed, in an emotional roller-coaster.
Francois Hollande|What's missing is leadership in the White House. And the story that Barack Obama does tell, forever shifting blame to the last administration, is getting old. The man assumed office almost four years ago - isn't it about time he assumed responsibility?
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|When I was alive, I mean the first time, Mussolini was in charge. We were at war.”“Mussolini?” Leo frowned. “Wasn’t he like BFFs with Hitler?
Jon Ronson, So You've Been Publicly Shamed|In a social media world, the danger is being overexposed and when something is overexposed it is no longer interesting...if ever it was.
Katherine Center, Everyone Is Beautiful|I believe women are too hard on themselves. I believe that when you love someone, she becomes beautiful to you. I believe the eyes see everything through the heart. Nothing in the world feels as good as resting them on someone you love.
Julia Glass, The Whole World Over|It is difficult to ascertain what role these articles play in marginalizing the vegetarian experience when there are so many more pressing issues that confront individuals who might otherwise choose to try to become vegetarian or vegan, such as the lack of healthy affordable food in low-income neighborhoods, often largely inhabited by people of color, and a government that subsidizes and promotes animal and sugar-heavy diets over ones with vegetables and fruits. yet rather than focus on these series structural barriers, many articles on vegetarianism and veganism often present the challenge of avoiding meat and animal products as challenge to one's very own normalcy and acceptability.
Tove Jansson, The Summer Book|Malander had an idea and was trying to work it out, but it would take him time. Sometimes people never saw things clearly until it was too late and they no longer had the strength to start again. Or else they forgot their idea along the way and didn't even realise that they forgotten.
Kazimir Malevich|Man, as a form, bears within him the eternal principle of being, and by economic movement along his endless path his form is also transformed, just as everything that lives in nature was transformed in him.
Rainer Maria Rilke, The Selected Poetry of Rainer Maria Rilke|As once the winged energy of delightcarried you over childhood's dark abysses,now beyond your own life build the greatarch of unimagined bridges.Wonders happen if we can succeedin passing through the harshest danger;but only in a bright and purely grantedachievement can we realize the wonder.To work with Things in the indescribablerelationship is not too hard for us;the pattern grows more intricate and subtle,and being swept along is not enough.Take your practiced powers and stretch them outuntil they span the chasm between twocontradictions...For the godwants to know himself in you.
A.S. Peterson, Fiddler's Green|Turn it beautiful. His words came faintly at first, but they came again and again, always softly, always with the insistence of an elder commanding wisdom. Turn it all to beauty. She walked to the rail. When she turned and sat upon it, she heard a sailor in the crowd murmur that she might play them a tune. She hoped he was right. She needed the voices to be wrong. Fin raised the instrument to the cleft of her neck and closed her eyes. She emptied her mind and let herself be carried back to her earliest memory, the first pain she ever knew: the knowledge that her parents didn’t want her. The despair of rejection coursed through her. It fathered a knot of questions that bound her, enveloped her. Waves of uncertainty and frailty shook her to the bones. Her body quivered with anger and hopelessness. She reeled on the edge of a precipice. She wanted to scream or to throw her fists but she held it inside; she struggled to control it. She fought to subjugate her pain, but it grew. It welled up; it filled her mind. When she could hold it no more, exhausted by defiance and wearied by years of pretending not to care, Bartimaeus’s words surrounded her. Got to turn it beautiful. She dropped her defenses. She let weakness fill her. She accepted it. And the abyss yawned. She tottered over the edge and fell. The forces at war within her raced down her arms and set something extraordinary in motion; they became melody and harmony: rapturous, golden. Her fingers coaxed the long-silent fiddle to life. They danced across the strings without hesitation, molding beauty out of the miraculous combination of wood, vibration, and emotion. The music was so bright she felt she could see it. The poisonous voices were outsung. Notes raged out of her in a torrent. She had such music within her that her bones ached with it, the air around her trembled with it, her veins bled it. The men around fell still and silent. Some slipped to the deck and sat enraptured like children before a travelling bard.
Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms|Then Carrot said, "It's better to light a candle than curse the darkness, captain. That's what they say.""What?" Vimes' sudden rage was like a thunderclap. "Who says that? When has that ever been true? It's never been true! It's the kind of thing people without power say to make it all seem less bloody awful, but it's just words, it never makes any difference -
E.M. Forster, A Passage to India|Who ever said, ‘It’s not whether you win or lose that counts,’ probably lost.
Samuel Butler|[P]oetry resembles metaphysics: one does not mind one's own, but one does not like anyone else's.
Ryū Murakami, Popular Hits of the Showa Era|A tissue of small sounds filled the room, a bird, a clock, a voice from another garden. What we call silence.
Franz Kafka, Blue Octavo Notebooks|The fantastical idea of virtue and the public good being a sufficient security to the state against the commission of crimes...was never mine. It is only the sanguinary hue of our penal laws which I meant to object to. Punishments I know are necessary, and I would provide them strict and inflexible, but proportioned to the crime. Death might be inflicted for murder and perhaps for treason, [but I] would take out of the description of treason all crimes which are not such in their nature. Rape, buggery, etc., punish by castration. All other crimes by working on high roads, rivers, gallies, etc., a certain time proportioned to the offence... Laws thus proportionate and mild should never be dispensed with. Let mercy be the character of the lawgiver, but let the judge be a mere machine. The mercies of the law will be dispensed equally and impartially to every description of men; those of the judge or of the executive power will be the eccentric impulses of whimsical, capricious designing man.
George Takei|That's my gift. I let that negativity roll off me like water off a duck's back. If it's not positive, I didn't hear it. If you can overcome that, fights are easy.
Tracey Ullman|We find them smaller and fainter, in constantly increasing numbers, and we know that we are reaching into space, farther and farther, until, with the faintest nebulae that can be detected with the greatest telescopes, we arrive at the frontier of the known universe.
Michael Jordan|Early this morning, I signed my death warrant.
Charles R. Swindoll|We who lived in concentration camps can remember the men who walked through the huts comforting others, giving away their last piece of bread. They may have been few in number, but they offer sufficient proof that everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms -- to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one's own way.
Gil Scott-Heron|The mindset of a believer every time he opens the Bible must be the conviction that whatever the Bible says is true. We cannot trust our reason to determine what is true or false, right or wrong.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is the Destination: A Book of Quotes With Commentaries|If a railroad is bent, the train shall turn over; if a man’s character is bent, he shall turn over just like that train.
Kathleen Bittner Roth, Alanna|The way the leaves on the trees tremble in the passing air is the way love reaches you, from all directions at once, mysterious, overwhelming, indescribable. To be in love is to find something you didn't know was missing.
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|I have heard that Paganism is for broken people, but life cracks everyone in some way. We are a religion of healing people.
Lester B. Pearson|Yes, we've seen it all before. And yes, those who do not study history are condemned to repeat it. But no, the sky is not falling - baseball is such a great game that neither the owners nor the players can kill it. After some necessary carnage, market forces will prevail.
Sabrina Jeffries, Don't Bargain with the Devil|Lucy: I don't understand men.Nettie: What is there to understand? If you feed 'em regular-like and give 'em a bit of 'sugar' now and then, they're easy enough. And if they don't behave, you just toss 'em out on their arses. That's what I always say.
Sunday Adelaja|Can you start a movement in your land that will encourage men and women to begin to think, to begin to make sound judgment and informed decisions? Will you bring illumination to your people? Will you facilitate understanding amidst those whom you live with? The earth is crying for people who make sound judgment and informed decisions
Walter Dean Myers|In an era in which war and terrorism - at home and abroad - are often based on racial, religious and ethnic differences, rediscovering the wisdom of love and compassion may help us increase our survival at a time when an increasingly divided country and world so badly need it.
Robert Dallek, Camelot's Court: Inside the Kennedy White House|I write poetry, worry, smile,laughsleepcontinue for a whilejust like most of usjust like all of us;sometimes I want to hug allMankind on earthand say,god damn all this that they've brought down on us,we are brave and goodeven though we are selfishand kill each other andkill ourselves,we are the peopleborn to kill and die and weep in dark roomsand love in dark rooms,and wait, andwait and wait and wait.we are the people.we are nothingmore.
Carl Henegan, Darkness Left Undone|Set your goals and along the way learn ride the chaotic waves of the universe without resistance. Its scheduling and course may not be what you hoped for or anticipated, but embrace it anyway with sincere welcoming joy. At the end of the day it will inevitably turn out to be the ideal timing and path all divinely designed for you.
Anamika Mishra|You have to make people realize your worth, else no one cares!
Sonja Livingston, Queen of the Fall: A Memoir of Girls and Goddesses|How fickle it is, memory— preferring some days to others, granting first a blue sky, offering next the sound of laughter, swelling our remembrances until a largeness seeps into the grain of things and memory itself becomes billowed and flapping.
Beth Revis, Shades of Earth|She pictured a dandelion gone by, the white, almost airless pieces of her family scattered so far.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Adventure of the Cardboard Box|This boy was likely to die soon, but he died yesterday - because of a doctor's arrogance, his unwillingness to seek a consult, his neglect to get a full and thorough history. Arrogance! We are clinicians, scientists. We observe time-honored procedures and analyses - that's how we are trained. And this is what happens when we subjugate that training to arrogance!
Amit Kalantri|It doesn't do any good to say, 'This is what it means.' When you are spoon fed a film, people instantly know what it is. I like films that leave room to dream.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leadership is built on inspirations. Inspiration does both the theoretical and the practical job. By inspiration, people are not only informed to know what is right. But they are also convinced to always do what’s right.
Augustine of Hippo, Confessions|Americans were convinced in their own minds that they were very miserable, and those who think so are so. There is nothing so easy as to persuade people that they are badly governed. Take happy and comfortable people and talk to them with the art of the evil one, and they can soon be made discontented with their government, their rulers, with everything around them, and even with themselves.
Gavin de Becker, The Gift of Fear: Survival Signals That Protect Us from Violence|We are a society of excuses, shame and blame; we avoid accountability and often project our responsibility when involving domestic violence.
Al R. Young|Find the light. Reach for it. Live for it. Pull yourself up by it. Gratitude always makes for straighter, taller trees.
Jennifer Elisabeth|Hope, in anything but myself, is just way too dangerous right now…
Nikki Rowe|My heart broke and my mind opened, tragedy works in a funny way like that ~ what once tore me apart was actually what was setting my truth free.
Philip Pullman, The Subtle Knife|[M]an cannot be wicked without being evil, nor evil without being degraded, nor degraded without being punished, nor punished without being guilty. In short … there is nothing so intrinsically plausible as the theory of original sin.
Michael Pollack|Shit, I have already read this....
Nancy Gibbs|With plastic surgery, the general anesthetic is like a black-velvety sleep, and that's what death is - without waking up to someone clapping and going, 'Joan, wake up, it's all over and you're looking pretty'.
Randy Bachman|The Rolls Royce was the real first car. It wasn't the first new car I got, but it was the first real car I bought that's like, 'Wow, I got this.'
Karl Lagerfeld|The elegance is as physical, as moral quality that has nothing common with the clothing. You can see a countrywoman more elegant than one so called elegant woman.
Dean Karnazes, Ultramarathon Man: Confessions of an All-Night Runner|Beckendorf, whose legs were now working fine (nothing like being chased by a huge monster to get your body back in order) shook his head and gasped for breath. “You shouldn’t have turned it on! It’s unstable! After a few years, automatons go wild!
Vijaya Gowrisankar|Pushed into darkness, the only way out wasto seek light with thetorch of hope and faithburning in my heart
Daniel Tosh|I don't know. I think it's funny! I think it's funny! I go, what? It's so absurd. I'm alone.
Steve Jobs|Buy the ticket, take the ride.
Alexandra York, Crosspoints: A Novel of Choice|As comestibles nourish our bodies and ideas nourish our minds, so art nourishes our souls.
Les Miserables|I'm too intense. I feel too much. And when I experience certain sensations, I act. Even if the situation is one I should probably walk away from. But you know what?" She was feeling a little better. "I'm never going to walk away, not from any of it. I can't. I am what I am. I'm intense, just as my fiance said. I feel everything around me, and I'm glad about that. I can't imagine life without the depth, without the magic that accompanies the pain.
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|Death and his scythe do not come. No sweeping black capes or ethereal escapes. There’s no pearly gate, no prisms of colors as his soul slips away. The stillness is cold steel. The silence is empty with no memory to mend it.
G.A. Henty|I do not say that there is no glory to be gained [in war]; but it is not personal glory. In itself, no cause was ever more glorious than that of men who struggle, not to conquer territory, not to gather spoil, not to gratify ambition, but for freedom, for religion, for hearth and home, and to revenge the countless atrocities inflicted upon them by their oppressors.
Beth Revis, The Body Electric|She's cuckoo, laying her egg in my nest.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|No book on this planet can give you the description of terms like religion, spirituality, divinity unless you discover it within the realm of your own mind.
Katie McGarry, Dare You To|A strange, terrific force unlike anything I've ever experienced is sprouting in my heart, taking root there, growing. Shut up behind my rib cage, my warm heart expands and contracts independent of my will--over and over.
Lauren DeStefano, Perfect Ruin|You must be crazy, after all, if a bird loves you.
Jez Butterworth|I have the same attitude with work - I like to go to work, I like to work really hard I, like to give everything my all, I like to try things that are new, you know.
Orhan Pamuk|What is the meaning of it all, of this...of this world?'Mystery', I heard in my thoughts, or perhaps, 'mercy', but I wasn't certain of either.
Nevil Shute, A Town Like Alice|it was so beautiful', he said. 'the Three Pagodas Pass must be one of the loveliest places in the world. you've got this broad valley with the river running down it, and the jungle forest, and the mountains....we used to sit by the river and watch the sun setting behind the mountains, sometimes, and say what a marvellous place it would be to come to for a holiday. however terrible a prison camp may be, it makes a difference if its beautiful.
A. Manette Ansay, Good Things I Wish You|I am not your lover, but a victim of your beauty.
Gilbert Morris, Till Shiloh Comes|I make a joke of it, but... but I'm afraid of death." He straightened up and turned to look into Joseph's eyes. Joseph saw the fear there and was shocked by the intensity of it. "Are you afraid to die, Joseph?" Joseph considered for a moment, then shook his head. "I'm not afraid to now, but then I'm not dying now. When I come to that moment, I will probably be... what's the right word? Maybe frightened in a way that you're frightened when an experience lies before you you've never had. "No more than that?" "I hope not.
Jim Grimsley, Winter Birds|My point about alcohol is that if you abuse something, it abuses you back.
Frank Herbert|I follow a set of principles, I follow the Constitution. And that's what I base my votes on. Limited government, economic freedom and individual liberty.
Debasish Mridha|Why do we teach our children to hate others when there are so many options to love? Why do we teach hate when kindness, compassion, tolerance, and harmony add such beauty to life?
Joseph Telushkin, Hillel: If Not Now, When?|An important feature of good characterization in a novel is that the characters are dimensionalized and are not all of one piece. Human beings, as Singer noted, have contradictions.
Arthur Conan Doyle|But only in mad people fear goes on constant night and day, wearing one ditch in the mind that all thoughts must travel in.
Konstantin Stanislavski, My Life In Art|Love art in yourself, and not yourself in art.
Lauren Evers, Cryptids|When I was younger I thought going through something rough would be fun, or uplifting somehow. That sounds odd, but it was how everyone portrayed terrible things. You go through this horrid experience, and suddenly you’re a better person. I wanted that; everyone wants to be a better person.Now, though, after all of this, I realized that wasn’t true. Not all the time, at least. Suffering didn’t make a person stronger. It didn’t make character, or mold someone into a better part of themselves.It could—don’t get me wrong, it could. It could make someone see the light, see the world through a clearer vision. It could change everything. It could make people good and courteous, make them spend their lives trying to save others’. Their past could lead them to something brighter in the future, creating the theory that everything happened for a reason. It could make them grateful for their life instead of hateful, scornful, wishing they were never born.But it wasn’t like that for me; I didn’t get better. For me, all pain ever did was hurt.
Beyonce Knowles|You really have to look inside yourself and find your own inner strength, and say, 'I'm proud of what I am and who I am, and I'm just going to be myself.'
John Heffernan|Because that’s what a comic is, ultimately: a collection of pages. It’s not a flatpanel or a touchscreen, even though that’s where it might eventually be displayed. It’s a page.
Osamu Dazai, Otogizōshi: The Fairy Tale Book of Dazai Osamu|Why can’t people get along without criticizing one another?” Urashima shakes his head as he ponders this rudimentary question. “Never have the bush clover blooming on the beach, nor the little crabs who skitter o’er the sand, nor the wild geese resting their wings in yonder cove found fault with me. Would that human beings too were thus! Each individual has his own way of living. Can we not learn to respect one another’s chosen way? One makes every effort to live in a dignified and proper manner, without harming anyone else, yet people will carp and cavil and try to tear one down. It’s most vexing.
Helen Keller, The Open Door|Life is too short to spend your precious time trying to convince a person who wants to live in gloom and doom otherwise. Give lifting that person your best shot, but don't hang around long enough for his/her bad attitude to pull you down. Instead, surround yourself with optimistic people.
Erving Goffman|I won't tolerate vanity in a man, though I will in a woman.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|If I wanted to go to bed at ten o’clock I did. If I wanted to go to bed at six p.m., I did. I woke at sunrise because the new sun lit my eyes. The sun was my clock; my body my pace-keeper. I started walking when I wanted, kept going until precisely when I wanted to stop.When I was tired, feeling like stopping but wanting to persist, I’d listen to Blood On The Tracks.
|Before desiring for more success in your life, try to at least be grateful with your current blessings. Being in good health is more than enough to be thankful.
Susan Griffin, Rape: The Politics of Consciousness|They have the guns, we have the poets. Therefore, we will win.
W. Phillip Keller, Joshua: Man of Fearless Faith|Leadership is an alchemy that combines your human skills with your professional capacities in order to use your full potential and to transform it in "gold".Read more: neculaifantanaru.com
Steven Magee|It is a West zone planet which by an inexplicable and somewhat suspicious freak of topography consists almost entirely of subtropical coastline. By an equally suspicious freak of temporal relastatics, it is nearly always Saturday afternoon just before the beach bars close. No adequate explanation for this has been forthcoming from the dominant life forms on Ursa Minor Beta, who spend most of their time attempting to achieve spiritual enlightenment by running round swimming pools, and inviting Investigation Officials from the Galactic Geo-Temporal Control Board to 'have a nice diurnal anomaly.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|Each coil has the earthquake which created it, as every death has the life that gave birth to it.
Joey Adams|I'm dating a woman now who, evidently, is unaware of it.
Pierce Brosnan|Sites like Funny or Die and College Humor are great, but I'd say it's appealing to 80% men and 20% women.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|The only "right" answer is one that can be questioned.
James Dashner, The Maze Runner|Find our way out, Greenie. Solve the buggin' Maze and find our way out.
Hudson Taylor|I was in uniform for four years, and I know that heroism doesn't occur from taking orders, but rather from people who through their own willpower and strength are willing to sacrifice their lives for an idea.
Diane Ackerman, An Alchemy of Mind: The Marvel and Mystery of the Brain|I'm an Earth ecstatic, and my creed is simple: All life is sacred, life loves life, and we are capable of improving our behavior toward one another. As basic as that is, for me it's also tonic and deeply spiritual, glorifying the smallest life-form and embracing the most distant stars.
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|He found his voice in the silences, where he could sing as loud and as long as he wanted with no one to complain of it.
William Keepin, Divine Duality: The Power of Reconciliation Between Women and Men|The time has come for women and men to band together to jointly create gender harmony. We must gather in mixed group to plumb new depths of relational awareness, courageous truth-telling, compassionate listening, empathic sensitivity, and mutual healing.
Brian Sandoval|It is soooooo necessary to get the basic skills, because by the time you graduate, undergraduate or graduate, that field would have totally changed from your first day of school.
Dag Hammarskjöld, Markings|A falcon hovers at the edge of the sky.Two gulls drift slowly up the river.Vulnerable while they ride the wind,they coast and glide with ease.Dew is heavy on the grass below,the spider's web is ready.Heaven's ways include the human:among a thousand sorrows, I stand alone.
Robin Bielman, Veiled Target|She'd jumped out of plenty of planes. Albeit with a parachute in place, but she pushed that worry aside.
Erik Pevernagie|A tattoo does that, it makes you think about your body like it's this special suit that you can put on or take off whenever you want and a new name if it's cool enough does the same thing. To have both at once is power. It's the kind of power as all those superheroes who have secret identities get from being able to change back and forth from one person into another. No matter who you think he is, man, the dude is always somebody else.
Rebecca Solnit, Unfathomable City: A New Orleans Atlas|No matter how deeply you come to know a place, you can keep coming back to know it more.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|Very harmful effects can follow accepting the philosophy which denies personal guilt or sin and thereby makes everyone nice. By denying sin, the nice people make a cure impossible. Sin is most serious, and the tragedy is deepened by the denial that we are sinners…The really unforgiveable sin is the denial of sin, because, by its nature, there is now nothing to be forgiven. By refusing to admit to personal guilt, the nice people are made into scandalmongers, gossips, talebearers, and supercritics, for they must project their real if unrecognized guilt to others. This, again, gives them a new illusion of goodness: the increase of faultfinding is in direct ratio and proportion to the denial of sin.
Aleister Crowley, Magick Without Tears|I think there are two ways in which people are controlled. First of all frighten people and secondly, demoralise them.
Amanda M. Lyons|Of all the problems and complications in my life, I had not expected love to be one of them.
Jill Telford|I work backwards with the ending in mind as I create art, stories, poems and books. Always in a process of becoming.
Elise Kova, Crystal Crowned|Because our love is more than something I can wear. Our time is far greater than what can be counted by two hands and some numbers. Because, even without it, I still have you.
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|The size and age of the Cosmos are beyond ordinary human understanding. Lost somewhere between immensity and eternity is our tiny planetary home. In a cosmic perspective, most human concerns seem insignificant, even petty. And yet our species is young and curious and brave and shows much promise. In the last few millennia we have made the most astonishing and unexpected discoveries about the Cosmos and our place within it, explorations that are exhilarating to consider. They remind us that humans have evolved to wonder, that understanding is a joy, that knowledge is prerequisite to survival. I believe our future depends on how well we know this Cosmos in which we float like a mote of dust in the morning sky.
Marcia Lynn McClure|The trick is finding a person whose flaws don't drive you crazy...you know...someone whose flaws you can live with...someone who can stand your flaws, too.
Erma Bombeck, When God Created Mothers|When God Created Mothers"When the Good Lord was creating mothers, He was into His sixth day of "overtime" when the angel appeared and said. "You're doing a lot of fiddling around on this one." And God said, "Have you read the specs on this order?" She has to be completely washable, but not plastic. Have 180 moveable parts...all replaceable. Run on black coffee and leftovers. Have a lap that disappears when she stands up. A kiss that can cure anything from a broken leg to a disappointed love affair. And six pairs of hands." The angel shook her head slowly and said. "Six pairs of hands.... no way." It's not the hands that are causing me problems," God remarked, "it's the three pairs of eyes that mothers have to have." That's on the standard model?" asked the angel. God nodded. One pair that sees through closed doors when she asks, 'What are you kids doing in there?' when she already knows. Another here in the back of her head that sees what she shouldn't but what she has to know, and of course the ones here in front that can look at a child when he goofs up and say. 'I understand and I love you' without so much as uttering a word." God," said the angel touching his sleeve gently, "Get some rest tomorrow...." I can't," said God, "I'm so close to creating something so close to myself. Already I have one who heals herself when she is sick...can feed a family of six on one pound of hamburger...and can get a nine year old to stand under a shower." The angel circled the model of a mother very slowly. "It's too soft," she sighed. But tough!" said God excitedly. "You can imagine what this mother can do or endure." Can it think?" Not only can it think, but it can reason and compromise," said the Creator. Finally, the angel bent over and ran her finger across the cheek. There's a leak," she pronounced. "I told You that You were trying to put too much into this model." It's not a leak," said the Lord, "It's a tear." What's it for?" It's for joy, sadness, disappointment, pain, loneliness, and pride." You are a genius, " said the angel. Somberly, God said, "I didn't put it there.
Elizabeth Kim, Ten Thousand Sorrows : The Extraordinary Journey of a Korean War Orphan|People said things to me like "They're just animals. They're here for our use." I had a visceral reaction to that phrase, maybe because I was told countless times during my growing-up years that I was "just like an animal." I had suffered much of my life because I was considered less than human. Animals were suffering because they were less than human. And it seemed to me that human didn't have much to be proud of, if they treated other living things with such blind cruelty.
Jim Young|Constantly apply cheerfulness, if for no other reason than because you are on this spiritual path. Have a sense of gratitude to everything, even difficult emotions, because of their potential to wake you up.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Preach the Gospel at all times. When necessary, use words.
William Jennings Bryan|If you don't love the Dodgers, there's a good chance you may not get into Heaven.
Angelo Tsanatelis, The Rootless|A weapon needs a wielder; it should not be permitted to start its own fights.""You are not my wielder; you are naught, a forgotten ghost, not even a memory.""Maybe, but you are still a weapon.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|What I love about the East End is that there's a great perseverance, determination and courage. What I dislike about it is that there is sometimes a celebration of ignorance.
Sam Dogra, The Binding|Ah, there," said Morgan, "that comed of sp'iling Bibles.""That comes--as you call it--of being arrant asses," retorted the doctor.
Sarvesh Murthi .D .D|Words that are spoken are not TRUE,Feelings alone speak the TRUTH.
Luanne Rice|I am a romantic, I admit it.
Kelly Moran, Counterbalance|He tastes like salted caramel and sunshine. Or what I think salted caramel and sunshine taste like. He tastes like nothing I've ever experienced, like hope and possibility and future
Craig D. Lounsbrough|We can certainly run from a lot of things. But when we eventually pull up exhausted and entirely out of breath, we are rather shocked to discover that we haven’t been able to create any distance between ourselves and what we’ve been running from regardless of how fast we might have been running and how far we think we might have gotten.
Iain Banks|Everything about us, everything around us, everything we know and can know of is composed ultimately of patterns of nothing; that’s the bottom line, the final truth. So where we find we have any control over those patterns, why not make the most elegant ones, the most enjoyable and good ones, in our own terms? Yes, we’re hedonists, Mr. Bora Horza Gobuchul. We seek pleasure and have fashioned ourselves so that we can take more of it; admitted. We are what we are. But what about you? What does that make you?
Kevin Kelly, What Technology Wants|Extrapolated, technology wants what life wants:Increasing efficiencyIncreasing opportunityIncreasing emergenceIncreasing complexityIncreasing diversityIncreasing specializationIncreasing ubiquityIncreasing freedomIncreasing mutualismIncreasing beautyIncreasing sentienceIncreasing structureIncreasing evolvability
Cathy Skendrovich, Prisoner of Love|No effect occurs without cause, and no cause occurs without effect. No unjust action goes without penalty, and no action or thought flows unnoticed throughout the universe.
Mercy Otis Warren|The United States form a young republic, a confederacy which ought ever to be cemented by a union of interests and affection, under the influence of those principles which obtained their independence.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|The only un-distractable, un-destructable, "thing", yet also the foundation of all pure creation, is "nothing.
Fennel Hudson, A Writer's Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 3|The thing that matters most is what matters to you, not anybody else.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|This music ebbs and flows, irregular, sad. It reminds me, weirdly, of watching the ocean during a bad storm, the lashing, crashing waves and the spray of sea foam against the docks; the way it takes your breath away, the power and the hugeness of it.That’s exactly what happens as I listen to the music, as I come up over the final crest of hill, and the half-ruined barn and collapsing farmhouse fan out in front of me, just as the music swells, a wave about to break: The breath leaves my body all at once, and I’m struck dumb by the beauty of it. For a second it seems to me like I really am looking down at the ocean—a sea of people, writhing and dancing in the light spilling down from the barn like shadows twisting up around a flame.
H.G. Wells, The Holy Terror|But nowadays -- Our weakness for the last few years has been the ineffectiveness of the Opposition. This Labour Party has never had the quality of a fighting Opposition. It has just sucked the life out of Radicalism. It has never had the definite idealism of the Whigs and Liberals. 'Give us more employment and slightly higher pay and be sure of our contentment,' says Labour. 'We're loyal. We know our place. But we don't like being unemployed.' What good is that as Opposition? It's about as much opposition as a mewing cat. We mean more than that. I tell you frankly. Our task, I take it, my task, is to reinstate that practical working Opposition which has always been Old England's alternative line of defence... For the good of all of us...
Joyce Carol Oates, A Widow's Story|The coolly calibrated manipulation of the credulous American public, by an administration bent upon stoking paranoid patriotism!
Anthony T. Hincks|My eyes may not utter words, but they speak volumes when I look at you.
Jaeda DeWalt|The creative process is a love story that never ends. The ideas are like suitors competing for your attention. You may have relationships, with multiple ideas, at once. You may devote yourself completely to one idea, for a awhile, but the affairs will never end. There will always be more ideas to romance and more concepts to develop. And all for that wonderful moment when you get to gaze at the complete creation and hold perfection in your arms, for one blissful moment... before your inner-critic starts tearing it to shreds.
Brynn Myers, The Life & Death of Jorja Graham|I woke in his arms and I knew I'd never be happier than I was in this moment. I watched his chest rise and fall as he slept peacefully next to me. As I relished in this tranquility, the sight of his body stirred me once again. My heart was attached and I knew I was ruined. It was a lesson I knew all too well, when you love, you hurt... they were two sides of the same coin.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|It was one of the many rules in the kennel, rules that didn't always make sense, or even seem important, until some situation drew the lesson out.
Patricia Briggs, When Demons Walk|When life doesn't meet your expectations, it was important to take it with grace.
John E. Douglas, Mark Olshaker, Mindhunter: Inside the FBI's Elite Serial Crime Unit|Sure it hurts, but if you love someone, you forgive them." BlancheSomethings you forgive, somethings you never forgive." Kate
Jennifer Michael Hecht, Doubt: A History: The Great Doubters and Their Legacy of Innovation from Socrates and Jesus to Thomas Jefferson and Emily Dickinson|Prayer is based on the remote possibility that someone is actually listening; but so is a lot of conversation. If the former seems far-fetched, consider the latter: even if someone is listening to your story, and really hearing, that person will disappear from existence in the blink of a cosmic eye, so why bother to tell this perhaps illusory and possibly un-listening person something he or she is unlikely to truly understand, just before the two of you blip back out of existence? We like to talk to people who answer us, intelligently if possible, but we do talk without needing response or expecting comprehension. Sometimes, the event is the word, the act of speaking. Once we pull that apart a bit, the action of talking becomes more important than the question of whether the talking is working-because we know, going in, that the talking is not working. That said, one might as well pray.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|All things seek for comfort and no one wants discomfort. A sound mind does not just improve speed; it increases efficiency and joy, and bond the body and the soul perfectly as well!
Amy Lane, Bitter Taffy|What you call your lies are fiction and myths. The art of creating a disguise can be as beautiful as the creation of a painting… I created a woman for my artist life, bold, gay, courageous, generous, fearless; and another to please my father, a clear-sighted woman with a love of beauty, harmony, and self-discipline, critical and selective; and still another who lives in chaos, embraces the weak and the stumbling and the confused.
Louise Penny, How the Light Gets In|If you want the naked beauty of my vulnerability, you have to have the strength to share the burden of, the private pain, that makes me feel so tender and fragile. For i am as strong, as i am, weak. If you want me to come home to you, be the safe harbor, in which, i can seek refuge.
Stanley Kunitz|Mind's acres are forever green: Oh, IShall keep perpetual summer here; I shallRefuse to let one startled swallow die,Or, from the copper beeches, one leaf fall.
Thomas Pynchon, Gravity's Rainbow|One by one they are being picked off around him: in his small circle of colleagues the ratio slowly grows top-heavy, more ghosts, more each winter, and fewer living... and with each one, he thinks he feels patterns on his cortex going dark, settling to sleep forever, parts of whoever he's been losing all definition, reverting to dumb chemistry...
Carol Emshwiller, Carmen Dog|When you realize that just being yourself is okay, that’s when you’ll be able to see yourself.
Jasinda Wilder, Falling into Us|When my grandpa died, I had this same fear. I love Grandpa so much. He was Mom's dad, and he was my favorite person in the whole world. He lived up north, between Grayling and the Mackinaw Bridge. He had, like, twenty acres. He had horses and dirt bike and all this awesome stuff. I'd go up there for weeks at a time during the summers, and he'd let me do whatever I wanted. We'd go hunting and fishing and four-wheeling, and I'd stay up till midnight every night. Then one day, he died. All of a sudden, just like that that. I cried for days. Dad kicked the shit out of me for crying, but I didn't care. I loved Grandpa, and he was gone. Then, like a month after he'd died, I had this panic attack. I couldn't remember what he looked like. I thought it meant I didn't love him, or that I'd forgotten about him. It was the only time Dad was anything like helpful. He told me you have to forget what they look like. Otherwise, you can't learn to live without them. Forgetting is your brain's way of telling you it's time to try and move on. Not forget who they were, just...keep living.
Eli  Hinze, No Angels|There are simply some laws we must transgress, no matter the penalty.
Neil Gaiman, Fables and Reflections|You attend the funeral, you bid the dead farewell. You grieve. Then you continue with your life. And at times the fact of her absence will hit you like a blow to the chest, and you will weep. But this will happen less and less as time goes on. She is dead. You are alive. So live.
Max Scheler|The third preliminary problem for every theory of reality is that of the experience of transcendence. We saw in the case of Berkeley that his erroneous principle *percipi est esse*, and his assertion that any being which we think, just for the reason that it is thought, cannot at the same time be regarded as subsisting independently of thinking, incorporate a failure to recognize the consciousness of transcendence peculiar to all intentional acts. This is an instance of the failure to recognize that not only all thinking in the narrower sense, in the sense of grasping an object on the basis of “meanings” and grasping a state of affairs through judgments, but *every* intention in general, whether perception, representation, remembering, the feeling of value, or the posing of ends and goals, points beyond the act and the contents of the act and intends something other than the act [*ein Aktfremdes*], even when what is thought is in turn itself a thought. Indeed, *intentio* signifies a goal-directed movement toward something which one does not have oneself or has only partially and incompletely. Berkeley (following Locke, who was the first to make the basic philosophical error which introduced “psychologism” into epistemology) arrived at the principle *esse est percipi* by making the idea [*Vorstellung*] (and even the sensation) into a thing, an immaterial substance, and by failing to distinguish between the act, the content of an act, and the object. Furthermore, Berkeley confused the being of objects with the fact of being-an-object, even though the latter has only a loose and variable connection with the former. On the other hand, the transcendence of the intentional object with respect to both the *intentio* and its present content is common to every instance of being-an-object. It is, for instance, proper to objects of pure mathematics which are certainly not real but ideal (for example, the number 3). These are produced from the *a priori* material of intuition in accordance with an operational law governing the steps of our thought or intuition. Transcendence is further proper to all fictitious objects and even to contradictory objects, for instance, a square circle. All these sorts of objects, e.g., the golden mountain or Little Red Riding Hood, satisfy the basic principle of the transcendence of objects over and above that aspect of them which is, at any moment, given in consciousness, just as much as do real objects existing independently of all consciousness and knowledge."―from_Idealism and Realism_
Simone Freier, European Experience: Subspace and Love on a Visit to Europe|Sam responded to my mental request, his leg tensing and relaxing, and then coming up against my sex, repeatedly, pounding, as I dropped onto him with furious desire. I pulled Sam to me, as I tensed every muscle in my body in one last spasm of agony, and found my glorious release. Then, I came a second time. I held Sam’s head and kissed him, coming a third time as Sam slowed the motion of his leg, and I finally collapsed against him, breathing heavily, fully spent.
Michelle M. Pillow, Love Potions|A stóirín, ya are a handful of trouble, but I kind of like it.
Neil Gaiman, Anansi Boys|Everyone has a unique problem of their own, an issue that follows them throughout life and never goes away. You discover it early and go on to struggle with it for the rest of your life, almost until it eventually becomes an old enemy that you lose the will to fight or hate anymore. And just as every person has their own void, their own haunt or their own unanswered question...they also have the power to turn it into a legacy every bit as profound as they make it.
Karel Hrošek|God, I wish, for the millionth time, that I could be like her and Nic, so sure of what they have, what they want. That I didn't always feel jangly, restless, primed to jump off a bridge and let the current carry me away.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|When you showed someone how you felt, it was fresh and honest. When you told someone how you felt, there might be nothing behind the words but habit or expectation.
Tiffany Apan, Descent|Hurrying on, Barbee nodded to the workman as casually as he could. His skin felt goose-pimpled under the thin red robe, and he couldn't help shivering to a colder chill than he felt in the frosty air. For the quiet city, it seemed to him, was only a veil of painted illusion. Its air of sleepy peace concealed brooding horror, too frightful for sane minds to dwell upon. Even the cheery bricklayer with the lunch pail might - just might - be the monstrous Child of Night.
John Christopher, Beyond the Burning Lands|I leaned over the sink, closer to my reflection, and stare at myself hard. I don't know what I see. I don't even know what I want to see.
Thea Harrison, Pia Does Hollywood|Dragos, I'm beginning to feel like we're travel cursed. Something always happens when we go away.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|The right of dissent, or, if you prefer, the right to be wrong, is surely fundamental to the existence of a democratic society. That’s the right that went first in every nation that stumbled down the trail toward totalitarianism.
Thomas Henry Huxley, The Evolution Of Theology: An Anthropological Study|It appears now to be universally admitted that, before the exile, the Israelites had no belief in rewards and punishments after death, nor in anything similar to the Christian heaven and hell; but our story proves that it would be an error to suppose that they did not believe in the continuance of individual existence after death by a ghostly simulacrum of life. Nay, I think it would be very hard to produce conclusive evidence that they disbelieved in immortality; for I am not aware that there is anything to show that they thought the existence of the souls of the dead in Sheol ever came to an end. But they do not seem to have conceived that the condition of the souls in Sheol was in any way affected by their conduct in life. If there was immortality, there was no state of retribution in their theology. Samuel expects Saul and his sons to come to him in Sheol.
David  Holdsworth, Angelos|As the tension between the Protestants and the Church of Rome intensified, so did the desire for a third way among dissenting groups. Soon a new group emerged, though in some senses it was also an old group—one that felt it could trace its origins all the way back to the New Testament. Known collectively as the Radical Reformation, these persecuted groups often advocated a nonviolent ethic, the separation of church and state, and a desire for both personal and corporate holiness. The ideas of these radicals spread through Europe, and over the years the Amish, Mennonites and Anabaptists, and to a lesser degree the Covenanters and Quakers, emerged or were influenced by this movement.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|Of course I remember you." My voice is a strangled whisper. I squeeze my eyes shut. "You were the only one who ever looked at me like a human being.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|After each dream, Frankie woke with a start, soaked in tears. But she found no relief in the peaceful silence of her room, because there everything was real. And the guilt was too immense to bear. Each time she opened her eyes, she'd quickly shut them. And wish that she had woken up for the very last time.
Ruth Stone, In the Next Galaxy|The campus, an academy of trees,under which some hand, the wind's I guess,had scattered the pale lightof thousands of spring beauties,petals stained with pink veins;secret, blooming for themselves.We sat among them.Your long fingers, thin body,and long bones of improbable genius;some scattered gene as Kafka must have had.Your deep voice, this passing dust of miracles.That simple that was myself, half conscious,as though each moment was a pagewhere words appeared; the bent hammer of the typestruck against the moving ribbon.The light air, the restless leaves;the ripple of time warped by our longing.There, as if we were paintedby some unknown impressionist.
Sarah Dessen, The Moon and More|I'm sorry," I heard him say again. Then, out of the corner of my eye, I saw a sudden blur of movement as he slid out of his seat, left some bills for the breakfast he wouldn't eat, and walked away. And as he did, I thought again of those mornings in the hallway at school, way back in ninth grade. Everything had started in such sharp detail, each aspect pronounced and clear. Obviously, endings were different. Harder to see, full of shapes that could be one thing or another, with all the things that you were once so sure of suddenly not familiar, if they were even recognizable at all.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|Our lives can't be measured by our final years, of this I am sure.
N.D. Wilson, The Rhetoric Companion|Pull yourself together, Detective. You're embarrassing yourself, and more imprtant, you're embarrassing me.""They're going to do it outside. In public.""So the fuck what?""Public," Peabody said, head still between her 
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords|Go on, strike, said the witch, smiling. Fire is beautiful. Nothing bad will happen.
A.K. Kuykendall|My fingers burn behind the keys of my typewriter, the lettering fading with every thoughtful strike. The many words I write I dare not stall; my mind perpetually alert for my magnum opus call.
Gayathri Ramprasad, Shadows in the Sun: Healing from Depression and Finding the Light Within|Sharing a burdened heart with another who has the wisdom, strength, and knowledge to carry it, frees us from its weight long enough to focus on solutions
Debasish Mridha|The mind is deeper than the horizon, bigger than the universe, and more mysterious than space.
Jim Rash|My weakness, that is, my quadriplegia, is my greatest asset because it forces me into the arms of Christ every single morning when I get up.
Auliq Ice|If your attached friends are bugging you about being single (favourite accusation: “You’re too picky!”) turn it around on them. “Do you know any gorgeous single men I could meet?” (This could backfire if they’re keen to set you up and their idea of “gorgeous” is vastly different from yours. And it will be.) Alternatively, be super-sweet and tell them you’re waiting for your ideal partner “just like you did”. (It won’t work if you snigger at this point.)
Ernest Bramah, Wallet of Kai Lung|When you make a deal you stick to it. Rock-hard rule. You don't renege, you don't sell out. You hold up your end and expect the other party to do the same. If the other party doesn't, you're entitled to deal with every man of it as you see fit in order to set things right. No--you're more than entitled. You're obligated. Or the rule would mean nothing.
Katerina Stoykova Klemer|If truth doesn't set you free, generosity of spirit will.
David Eddings, The Treasured One|This is Trenicia, the queen of the warrior women of the Isle of Akalla. Different places have different traditions and different customs. On the Isle of Akalla, the women rule, and the women do the fighting.""What do the men do?" the horseman Ekial asked curiously."As little as they possibly can," the warrior woman said in a sardonic tone. "Over the years, they’ve foisted just about everything off on us. We have to grow the food, hunt the meat, and fight the wars. The men sit around getting fat and arguing with each other about something they call 'philosophy' - most of which is pure nonsense.
E.M. Bounds, Power Through Prayer|Talking to men for God is a great thing, but talking to God for men is greater still. He will never talk well and with real success to men for God who has not learned well how to talk to God for men.
W. Somerset Maugham|When you choose your friends, don't be short-changed by choosing personality over character.
Anna Van Breugel|I've never believed in living for the ones you love. I believe in the power of death, I'd die for the ones that I love.
John Patrick Hickey, On The Journey To Achievement|Only the foolish insist on making their own mistakes when they can learn from the mistakes of others. Only the wise will understand that success leaves clues, and those clues are there for you to use to achieve great things.
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|And I knew that in spite of all the roses and kisses and restaurant dinners a man showered on a woman before he married her, what he secretly wanted when the wedding service ended was for her to flatten out underneath his feet like Mrs Willard's kitchen mat
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Have concern about where you're from, where you live, and where you may travel. The village is global.
Lord Dunsany, The King of Elfland's Daughter|Our lord is a magic lord as we all desired, and magical things have sought him from over there, and they all obey his hests.""It is so," said all but Gazic. And Gazic rose up in a pause of their gladness. "Many strange things," he said, "have entered our village, coming from over there. And it may be that human folk are best, and the ways of the fields we know.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|Philosophy without action is the ruin of the soul. One brave deed is worth a hundred books, a thousand theories, a million words. Now as always we need heroes. And heroines! Down with the passive and the limp.
Matshona Dhliwayo|We are all born stars, but some refuse to shine and others make it their life’s mission to glow.
Michael J. Sullivan, The Death of Dulgath|Don't worry, my son, if you don't believe in Maribor  and the blessings He provides. Belief in Him isn't a requirement. It doesn't stop Him from believing in you. (capital H's added for reverence)
Chris Michaels, The Power of You: How to Live Your Authentic, Exciting, Joy-Filled Life Now!|And like anyone who is in valiant pursuit of a dream, the ups and downs come and go, but the dream lives in the heart forever.
Sharon Cameron, Rook|You got all that from how they are looking at each other?” Ryder questioned.I glanced at him. “You didn’t get that from how they’re lookin’ at each other?”He rubbed his temples. “This is a woman thing.”“A woman thing?”“Yeah,” Ryder said. “You all have a sixth sense about shit like this so I’m just rolling with it.”I snorted. “That’s the smartest thing you’ve said all day.
Lee Greenwood|We must make immigration a legal, orderly process to eliminate this issue, not further criminalize it.
LeAnne Mechelle, Write like no one is reading 2|I'm chasing a decade old ghost. Searching beneath the rafters of a cobweb-filled haven lined with old memories which my brain cannot accept are dead. The light of nostalgia is burning bright inside my heart. Ignoring the emptiness around me, and hoping for a resurrection of love.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|He came to put a harlot above a Pharisee, a penitent robber above a High Priest, and a prodigal son above his exemplary brother. To all the phonies and fakers who would say that they could not join the Church because His Church was not holy enough, He would ask, 'How holy must the Church be before you will enter into it?' If the Church were as holy as they wanted it to be, they would never be allowed into it! In every other religion under the sun, in every Eastern religion from Buddhism to Confucianism, there must always be some purification before one can commune with God. But Our Blessed Lord brought a religion where the admission of sin is the condition of coming to Him. 'Those who are well have no need of a physician, but those who are ill.
G.K. Chesterton, Heretics|Charity is the power of defending that which we know to be indefensible. Hope is the power of being cheerful in circumstances which we know to be desperate. It is true that there is a state of hope which belongs to bright prospects and the morning; but that is not the virtue of hope. The virtue of hope exists only in earthquake and eclipse. It is true that there is a thing crudely called charity, which means charity to the deserving poor; but charity to the deserving is not charity at all, but justice. It is the undeserving who require it, and the ideal either does not exist at all, or exists wholly for them. For practical purposes it is at the hopeless moment that we require the hopeful man, and the virtue either does not exist at all, or begins to exist at that moment. Exactly at the instant when hope ceases to be reasonable it begins to be useful.
Gary L. Francione|Any serious social, political, and economic change must include veganism.
Masanobu Fukuoka, The One-Straw Revolution|I do not particularly like the word 'work.' Human beings are the only animals who have to work, and I think that is the most ridiculous thing in the world. Other animals make their livings by living, but people work like crazy, thinking that they have to in order to stay alive. The bigger the job, the greater the challenge, the more wonderful they think it is. It would be good to give up that way of thinking and live an easy, comfortable life with plenty of free time. I think that the way animals live in the tropics, stepping outside in the morning and evening to see if there is something to eat, and taking a long nap in the afternoon, must be a wonderful life. For human beings, a life of such simplicity would be possible if one worked to produce directly his daily necessities. In such a life, work is not work as people generally think of it, but simply doing what needs to be done.
Aaron Swartz|And understandably so, that when you're in legal jeopardy, you really cannot put yourself in a position to open yourself up to the media.
Linda Pohl, Lawyers, Lovers, and Lies|If you don't start playing by my rules, you'll be lucky to be licking stamps in some lowly, legal aid office.
Dean Koontz, Life Expectancy|My parents didn't raise me to ask God for blessings or benefits. For guidance, yes. For the strength to do the right thing, yes. Not for a winning lottery number, not for love or health, or happiness. Prayer is not a gimme list; God isn't Santa Claus.
M.F. Moonzajer|We all have different lives, Martin believes – but in the end probably feel the same things, and regret the fear we thought might somehow sustain us.
Sylvain Reynard, Gabriel's Inferno|If for some reason we get separated, I want you to wait for me. I’ll find you, I promise. - Gabriel Emerson
Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own|Take a glass of wine while reading, your feet on the back of your slave. This is the best combination of pleasures that is.
Edmund Spenser, Fierce Wars and Faithful Loves|Aye me, how many perils do enfoldThe righteous man, to make him daily fall?Were not, that heavenly grace doth him uphold,And steadfast truth acquite him out of all.
Warren De la Rue|Nature is my springboard. From her I get my initial impetus. I have tried to relate the visible drama of mountains, trees, and bleached fields with the fantasy of wind blowing and changing colors and forms.
E.J. Stevens, She Smells the Dead|I need a victim and no offense Yuki, but your carrot sticks are lacking in controversy.
Mark Helprin, Winter's Tale|No matter what it is, if you don’t move your eyes and set the pace yourself, your intellect is sentenced to death. The mind, you see, is like a muscle. For it to remain agile and strong, it must work. Television rules that out.
Malcolm X|Power is not a means, it is an end. One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard a revolution; one makes the revolution in order to establish the dictatorship.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Fear robs you of your freedom to make the right choice in life that can bridge the gap between where you are and where you want to be. On the other side of fear, lies freedom. If you want to grow, you need to be brave and take risks. If you're not uncomfortable, you're not growing.
Daniel G. Amen, Change Your Brain, Change Your Body: Use Your Brain to Get and Keep the Body You Have Always Wanted|Your brain is involved in everything you do.Your brain controls everything you do, feel, and think. When you look in themirror, you can thank your brain for what you see. Ultimately, it is your brain thatdetermines whether your belly bulges over your belt buckle or your waistline is trim andtoned. Your brain plays the central role in whether your skin looks fresh and dewy or isetched with wrinkles. Whether you wake up feeling energetic or groggy depends on yourbrain. When you head to the kitchen to make breakfast, it is your brain that determineswhether you go for the leftover pizza or the low-fat yogurt and fruit. Your brain controlswhether you hit the gym or sit at the computer to check your Facebook page. If you feelthe need to light up a cigarette or drink a couple cups of java, that's also your brain'sdoing.ACTION STEP Remember that your brain is involved in everything you do, everydecision you make, every bite of food you take, every cigarette you smoke, everyworrisome thought you have, every workout you skip, every alcoholic beverage youdrink, and more.
Richelle Mead, Vampire Academy|Only a prostitute will trade her valuables for money, so you shouldn't sell your God given ideas and talents for money, because you don't own it in any way but should be by a divine authority.
Donna Grant, The Hero|I may like to be on my own, but I like being alive.
Kenneth Roberts, Oliver Wiswell|Young people are meant to go off the rails politically, aren’t they? And there are certainly far worse things one can do than dream about equality.
Domonique Bertolucci, The Happiness Code: Ten Keys to Being the Best You Can Be|Look for the joy in each andevery day. Just because it isn’timmediately obvious, that doesn’tmean it’s not there.
Shannon L. Alder|In every experience we get to choose either love or fear as a response. Your character is formed by the percentages of those choices, which then forms your life.
Israelmore Ayivor|The strength of your obstacle determines the weight of your potentials. The greater your potentials, the heavier your dunamis power must be.
Craig Ferguson|I get offered: 'Here's a girl who's mad at another girl for having a wedding on the same day.' That'll be a big hit, but I don't want to do that.
Karen Salmansohn|What if I told you 10 years from now your life would be exactly the same?Doubt you'd be happy.So, why are you afraid of change?
Maria|Whatever your situation might be, set your mind to whatever you want to do and put a good attitude in it, and I believe that you can succeed.
Mark Twight, Kiss or Kill: Confessions of a Serial Climber|Live the lifestyle instead of paying lip service to the lifesytle. Live with commitment. With emotional content. Live whatever life you choose honestly. Give up this renaissance man, dilettante bullshit of doing a lot of different things (and none of them very well by real standards). Get to the guts of one thing; accept, without casuistry, the responsability of making a choice.
Rainbow Rowell, Carry On|You were the sun, and I was crashing into you.
Cecil Woodham-Smith|Beware of anything that would tarnish God's mirror in you. It is always something good stains it—good, but not best.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh|I believe that true identity is found . . . in creative activity springing from within. It is found, paradoxically, when one loses oneself. Woman can best refind herself in some kind of creative activity of her own.
P.G. Wodehouse|I read the paragraph again. A peculiar feeling it gave me. I don't know if you have ever experienced the sensation of seeing the announcement of the engagement of a pal of yours to a girl whom you were only saved from marrying yourself by the skin of your teeth. It induces a sort of -- well, it's difficult to describe it exactly; but I should imagine a fellow would feel much the same if he happened to be strolling through the jungle with a boyhood chum and met a tigress or a jaguar, or what not, and managed to shin up a tree and looked down and saw the friend of his youth vanishing into the undergrowth in the animal's slavering jaws. A sort of profound, prayerful relief, if you know what I mean, blended at the same time with a pang of pity. What I'm driving at is that, thankful as I was that I hadn't had to marry Honoria myself, I was sorry to see a real good chap like old Biffy copping it. I sucked down a spot of tea and began brooding over the business.
A. Nicholas Groth, Men Who Rape: The Psychology of the Offender|When a person feels powerless in regard to controlling his life, he can defend against the discomfort of such an experience by asserting control over someone else.
Steven Wright|I went to a bookstore and asked the saleswoman, 'Where’s the self-help section?' She said if she told me, it would defeat the purpose.
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|I am still not good enough. I am still not whole enough. I am still not pure enough. I am still weakness and sharp edges and broken, but He is good and pure and whole, all that I strive for but am not. I wake up every morning and I sit in silence and I choose to believe. I may speak. I may not. I let Him wrap up all my broken in to His grace. He takes me imperfect. This is the great mystery I never knew.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|AS WE LAY THERE WE FELT LIKE WE WERE EXTENSTIONS OF EACH OTHER, LIKE OUR BODIES AND OUR HEARTS HAD TO BE TOGETHER TO MAKE ONE WHOLE PERFECT PERSON.
Stan Slap|Try not to take this the wrong way, but your brain is smarter than you are.
Stephen King|I've tried to explain to people that I don't 'love' writing any more than I 'love' breathing. It's something I do and it's something I need. If I thought about it as a love/hate thing, I probably would have quit long ago. And then died.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|I am afraid to die, though,' I whispered to myself. These turned out to be my last words. They were not very impressive words, but it was too late to change them.
Michelle O'Leary, Here There Be Dragons|Sin’s cold, calculating, and dangerous. She scares the shit outta me. I wouldn’t want to meet her in a dark alley and that’s the truth. Compared to her, you’re a damned Sun angel.”“You just don’t know her,” Cass said in a soft voice, her mouth curving the slightest bit. “She’s really very sweet.”“Sure,” Nick scoffed. “Sweet as sugar. Let’s get back to why you won’t let me put my hands on you.
Simon Bradley, The Railways: Nation, Network and People|Conversations were struck up between strangers, regular diners as well as infrequent customers, as if united by a sense of gratitude at the sheer unlikeliness of it all - a high achievement of industrial civilisation that deserved to remain for everyone, but which has now gone the way of the airship and the ocean liner. Much of the nostalgia concerning railways is partial, even false; not this.[On British railway dining cars]
Deborah A.Bowman|Annie's message is timeless, her shining spirit and healing gift from the Spiritual Universe will capture your heart. She was born with birth defects in a time when special children and their mothers were put to death or banished. But have things changed really that much? Have they changed enough? "No!" Bullying, abuse, ridicule, and inequality thrives in the lives of women and children in our global modern society, just as surely as it did in the mid-1600s Colonial America. Based on factual research.
Steven Magee|At the same time that a massive deployment of biologically harmful radio frequency (RF) radiation devices across the mass population has occurred, we see the reduction of health care for the poor, sick and elderly.
Frank Darabont|So when I was 13, I basically left home and never returned and lived at home again. I would come home for a week at Christmas and two weeks in the summer only.
Ron Chernow|(regarding Charles Lee) This eccentric and notably slovenly man was always trailed by his beloved dogs. "When I can be convinced that men are as worthy objects as dogs", he once explained, "I shall transfer my benevolence to them.
Andy Andrews, The Noticer: Sometimes, All a Person Needs Is a Little Perspective|If one makes a mistake, then an apology is usually sufficient to get things back on an even keel. However-and this is a big ‘however’- most people do not ever know why their apology did not seem to have any effect. It is simply that they did not make a mistake; they made a choice…and never understood the difference between the two.
Lara Santoro, The Boy|As believers, everything we do is based on how we view God.
Joshua Stannard, How Good Can It Get|You see, what we do with what He gives us determines how much more we will get.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|I'm tired of being what everyone else wants.Tomorrow, I'm going to be what I want for a change.I'm going to be a rainbow.Now that's different!
Peprah Boasiako|If your actions don't excite, motivate or inspire others to do better, you're doing it wrong.
Debasish Mridha|You are brighter than the sun, prettier than a fresh flower, and sweeter than any chocolate. Your songs are always humming in my heart. I wish you a sweet sweetest day.
Brennan Manning, Abba's Child: The Cry of the Heart for Intimate Belonging|In a futile attempt to erase our past, we deprive the community of our healing gift. If we conceal our wounds out of fear and shame, our inner darkness can neither be illuminated nor become a light for others.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|Since violence is largely a male pastime, cultures that empower women tend to move away from the glorification of violence and are less likely to breed dangerous subcultures of rootless young men.
Connor Skey|Disregard nuisances and obstacles, for they are merely a brush-stroke on the bigger picture
Scott Lynch, The Lies of Locke Lamora|you can get past a mistake, but it's much harder to get past being a cruel person.
L.M. Browning, Seasons of Contemplation: A Book of Midnight Meditations|You end up isolated if you don't cultivate the capacity for solitude, the ability to be separate, to gather yourself. Solitude is where you find yourself so that you can reach out to other people and form real attachments. When we don't have the capacity for solitude, we turn to other people in order to feel less anxious or in order to feel alive. When this happens, we're not able to appreciate who they are. It's as though we're using them as spare parts to support our fragile sense of self. We slip into thinking that always being connected is going to make us feel less alone. But we're at risk, because actually it's the opposite that's true.
Henry Moore|I try to keep a low profile in general. Not with my art, but just as a person.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Risk little, earn little. Risk much, earn much. Risk all, earn all.
Jean Vanier, Community And Growth|No matter what we talk about, we are talking about ourselves
Aprille Legacy, A Veil of Stars|If there was a second alias under her smile, it was going to take a long time for me to dig it out – my best course of action at this point would be to play nice and accept her help. Then, when I had more proof, I’d slice layers off of her until the real woman appeared.
Matt de la Pena, My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories|I'm like an onion. You can peel away my layers, but the further you go, the more it'll make you cry.
Tom Kite|I woke up one morning thinking about wolves and realized that wolf packs function as families. Everyone has a role, and if you act within the parameters of your role, the whole pack succeeds, and when that falls apart, so does the pack.
Winnie Holzman|Ever since I was a little teen, I was told by my great-grandma that you've got to always have a good moisturizer. I use cocoa butter, and I use it for all things needing moisture - face, hair, throw it on those legs at the beach, get them all shiny. Cocoa butter is such a great product.
Rodney Masemola|there are no great things in life, only great challenges which ordinary people rise to Meet.
Jaron Lanier|Business is war. I go out there, I want to kill the competitors. I want to make their lives miserable. I want to steal their market share. I want them to fear me and I want everyone on my team thinking we're going to win.
James Henry Breasted|Besides numerous science courses, I had the opportunity to study philosophy, the history of architecture, economics, and Russian history in courses taught by extraordinarily knowledgeable professors.
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|Aren't you sometimes frightened at being planted out here, with nobody to take care of you?''There's the tree in the middle,' said the Rose:'what else is it good for?''But what could it do, if any danger came?' Alice asked.'It could bark,' said the Rose.
Deepak Mehra, Ready, Steady, Go!|Career is a marathon race, not a 100-meter sprint ~ Deepak Mehra
Mirette Baghat, A Coffin of Roses|As insane as his request sounded to her, the fact that he already saw her nakedness the day before made her calm down a little. “He even covered my nakedness and gifted me with a beautiful dress,” she thought to herself. He held her hand and led her to the Nile river’s shore. He let go and stood back watching her.
Jim Butcher, Storm Front|HARRY DRESDEN—WIZARD Lost Items Found. Paranormal Investigations. Consulting. Advice. Reasonable Rates. No Love Potions, Endless Purses, Parties, or Other Entertainment
Laurell K. Hamilton, A Stroke of Midnight|My father had taught me to be nice first, because you can always be mean later, but once you've been mean to someone, they won't believe the nice anymore. So be nice, be nice, until it's time to stop being nice, then destroy them.
E. M. Cioran|If each of us were to confess his most secret desire  the one that inspires all his plans  all his actions  he would say: "I want to be praised."
Mark Twain|Loyalty to country ALWAYS. Loyalty to government, when it deserves it.
Chuck Palahniuk|That’s the biggest purpose of religious gathering: permission to look terrible in public. We used to go to church to confess our worst behaviour, to be heard and forgiven, then to be redeemed and accepted back into our community
Mark  Jackman, Shadow of the Badger|If a wizard should take up residence in your garden, and requests food, you are obliged to feed him.
Mervyn Peake, Titus Groan|When she looked in the glass and saw her hair grey her cheek sunk, at fifty, she thought, possibly she might have managed things better--her husband; money; his books. But for her own part she would never for a single second regret her decision, evade difficulties, or slur over duties
Carl Jung|People always joke that 'dog' spells 'god' backwards. They should consider that it might be the higher power coming down to see just how well they do, what kind of people they are. The animals are right here, right in front of us. And how we treat these companions is a test.
Kara Tippetts, The Hardest Peace: Expecting Grace in the Midst of Life's Hard|Jesus didn’t have to extend His love. He didn’t have to think of me when He went up on that cross. He didn’t have to rewrite my story from one of beauty to one of brokenness and create a whole new brand of beauty. He simply didn’t have to do it, but He did. He bought me. He bought me that day He died, and He showed His power when He overcame death and rose from the grave. He overcame my death in that moment. He overcame my fear of death in that unbelievable, beautiful moment, and the fruit of that death, that resurrection, and that stunning grace is peace. It is the hardest peace, because it is brutal. Horribly brutal and ugly, and we want to look away, but it is the greatest, greatest story that ever was. And it was, and it is.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Every job from the heart is, ultimately, of equal value. The nurse injects the syringe; the writer slides the pen; the farmer plows the dirt; the comedian draws the laughter. Monetary income is the perfect deceiver of a man's true worth.
Jeff Lindsay, Dearly Devoted Dexter|The key to a happy life is to have accomplishments to be proud of and purpose to look forward to, and at the moment I had both. How wonderful it was to be me.
Angelo Dirks, Seven Dogs in Heaven|Friendship love. This is a very special thing. It’s the sort of love where you know another being’s strengths and weaknesses, perfections and imperfections, and you love the whole package.
Alysha Speer, Sharden|We need to perceive ourselves as the special race.If not, beasts will perceive themselves as the chosen.
Julie Kagawa, The Lost Prince|That's crazy," I say"In case you hadn't noticed, the whole world has gone crazy. It's time to adapt or die.""By throwing crazy at crazy?
Melinda Cross, One Hour of Magic|Charity ain't giving people what you wants to give, it's giving people what they need to get.
Lionel Trilling|I have nothing to say, I am saying it, and that is poetry.
Harry Kroto|If you don't care about science enough to be interested in it on its own, you shouldn't try to write hard science fiction. You can write like Ray Bradbury and Harlan Ellison as much as you want.
Jean Webster, Daddy-Long-Legs|If a story is only what it seems to be about, then somehow the author has failed.
Sean Covey|A hallmark of the Latino community is to help one another, if students are interested in a way to give back and help their communities, becoming a teacher is probably one of the very best ways of doing that.
Jonathan Haidt, The Righteous Mind: Why Good People are Divided by Politics and Religion|Understanding the simple fact that morality differs around the world, and even within societies, is the first step toward understanding your righteous mind.
Leon Hayduchok|When it comes to personal relationships, there is no greater way to express your commitment or to display your trustwor- thiness than to devote your life to the people you love.
Alexandra Bracken, Passenger|Each one of us is selfish, including me.
Glenda Millard, A Small Free Kiss in the Dark|Flying high in the dark sky, crazy and free, I was happy visiting the worlds and giving death or madness to the people. Either was liberation.
Michel Foucault, The History of Sexuality, Volume 1: An Introduction|[T]he more educated and financially successful, the less religious a person is likely to be. The opposite is also generally true; the more religious, the less educated and financially stable.
Erich Fromm|I wouldn't say there's a need for the Spice Girls, but I'd say there's a place for the Spice Girls. There's certainly a place for them, but you don't promote the Spice Girls at the expense of promoting what I think are good role models for girls. You need to create some kind of equality.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Nobody is too holy for the devil's attack, even your tithes and offerings won't stop him either but God rebukes the devourer through your giving.
Tadatoshi Fujimaki|You know something? There are sandstorms that strip man and horse and bury them — I've seen them. I saw bones piled higher than my head for the folly of a bad king and those who wanted his throne. I lived through a blizzard that froze every other living creature solid. Against those things, you're only a man. I can deal with you.
William Lashner|Justice? You get justice in the next world, in this world you have the law.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|There are some promotions in life, which, independent of the more substantial rewards they offer, acquire peculiar value and dignity from the coats and waistcoats connected with them. A field-marshal has his uniform; a bishop his silk apron; a counsellor his silk gown; a beadle his cocked hat. Strip the bishop of his apron, or the beadle of his hat and lace; what are they? Men. Mere men. Dignity, and even holiness too, sometimes, are more questions of coat and waistcoat than some people imagine.
Max Ehrmann, Desiderata - A Poem for a Way of Life|With all its sham, drudgery, and broken dreams,it is still a beautiful world.Be cheerful.Strive to be happy.
Nick Lachey|I mean, I look at my dad. He was twenty when he started having a family, and he was always the coolest dad. He did everything for his kids, and he never made us feel like he was pressured. I know that it must be a great feeling to be a guy like that.
H.P. Lovecraft|The end is not the reward; the path you take, the emotions that course through you as you grasp life - that is the reward.
A.G. Roemmers|We laughed about all the kids who believed in the Santa myth and got nothing for Christmas but a bunch of cheap plastic toys. "Years from now, when all the junk they got is broken and long forgotten," Dad said, "you'll still have your stars.
Debasish Mridha|To learn why a country or society is developed or poor, don’t study their financial condition but do a psychoanalysis of them. Most often, the development of a country or society depends on thoughts and ideas and not on their financial condition.
Mindy Mejia, Everything You Want Me to Be|If it was that beautiful, why did I leave you
Veronica Roth, Divergent|The tunnel is lit at long intervals, so in the dark space between each dim lamp, I fear that I am lost until a shoulder bumps mine. In the circles of light I am safe again.
Alain de Botton|God knows and sees all. His wisdom and knowledge far outweighs mankind, and whether or not people ever recognize it - He is the creator. He is the giver of life, and only He has the power to take it away. That's why its imperative to submit to Him.
Emma Mills|Aware of every breath, every movement, I sat in his lap. His hands gently braced my hips as I studied his face. "And now I want you to know, Rhysand, that I love you. I want you to know..." His lips trembled, and I brushed away the tear that escaped down his cheek. "I want you to know," I whispered, "that I am broken and healing, but every piece of my heart belongs to you. And I am honored- honored to be your mate.
Michel de Montaigne|I know now what this meant, that the bison were the gift of a good spirit and were our strength, but we should lose them, and from the same good spirit we must find another strength.
John Boyle O'Reilly|If you're Irish, it doesn't matter where you go - you'll find family.
Kody Keplinger, Shut Out|It's so screwed up, the standards...You should like it, but you shouldn't like it too much or talk about how much you like it. You should do it, but you shouldn't do it with too many people or talk about how much you're doing it. It's like there are so many rules, but none of them make sense.
John Piper, Spectacular Sins: And Their Global Purpose in the Glory of Christ|Whenever someone 'pretends' as perfect, never made a mistake, error, sin in his life, I know that he has never been in the field...
Rick Riordan, The Sword of Summer|I held out the rune for Hearthstone. ‘I know what it feels like to be an empty cup, to have everything taken away from you. But you’re not alone. However much magic you need to use, it’s okay. We’ve got you. We’re your family.’Hearth’s eyes rimmed with green water. He signed to us, and this time I think he actually meant 
Lev Grossman, The Magicians|You said the words, and they altered the universe. By merely speaking you could create damage and pain, cause tears to fall, drive people away, make yourself feel better, make your life worse.
Seema Brain Openers|To lead a successful life, then, it's a good idea to work out what you really want. Then get together some plans. Then set some goals.
John Fowles, The Magus|I suppose I'd had, by the standards of that pre-permissive time, a good deal of sex for my age. Girls, or a certain kind of girl, liked me; I had a car-not so common among undergraduates in those days-and I had some money. I wasn't ugly; and even more important, I had my loneliness, which, as every cad knows, is a deadly weapon with women. My 'technique' was to make a show of unpredictability, cynicism, and indifference. Then, like a conjurer with his white rabbit, I produced the solitary heart.
Gregor Collins, The Accidental Caregiver: How I Met, Loved, and Lost Legendary Holocaust Refugee Maria Altmann|Many people who live with animals have noticed that their cat or dog becomes solicitous of them when they are feeling unwell. A cat who is normally aloof may come sit in the sick person's lap; a normally rambunctious dog may tone himself down when his human friend isn't up to romping or running. In some cases, the ability of animals to sense illness in a human has been lifesaving.
Sarah Addison Allen|Stability was overrated. Crises and adventures, on the other hand, could actually teach you something.
Red Tash, This Brilliant Darkness|The clear stars before him took to shuddering and he knew why; they shuddered at sight of what was behind him. He had never divined before that strange Things hid themselves from men, under pretence of being snow-clad mounds of swaying trees; but now they came slipping out from their harmless covers to follow him, and mock at his impotence to make a kindred Thing resolve to truer form. He knew the air behind him was thronged; he heard the hum of innumerable murmurings together; but his eyes could never catch them - they were too swift and nimble; but he knew they were there, because, on a backward glance, he saw the snow mounds surge as they grovelled flatlings out of sight; he saw the trees reel as they screwed themselves rigid past recognition among the boughs.
Shannon L. Alder|I don’t even pretend to believe I know everything; I just believe in arguments God told me I had a pretty good chance of winning, while I was traveling through hell.
Dorothy Maywood Bird, Mystery at Laughing Water|Geography is the key, the crucial accident of birth. A piece of protein could be a snail, a sea lion, or a systems analyst, but it had to start somewhere. This is not science; it is merely metaphor. And the landscape in which the protein "starts" shapes its end as surely as bowls shape water.
Mikey Campling, Trespass|My heart thrashes in time with my feet pounding across the cold, hard ground. I can’t run any faster, longer, and yet I must. My life and my family’s survival depends on it.
Richard Flanagan|Don't call me famous, but it's hard to be out with my friends now.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|Making money isn't hard in itself,' he complained. 'What's hard is to earn it doing something worth devoting one's life to.
Zora Neale Hurston, Dust Tracks on a Road|I do not mean that there is anything intellectually contemptible in being formally "godless" -- that is, in rejecting all religious dogmas and in refusing to believe in the God those dogmas describe.One might very well conclude, for instance, that the world contains far too much misery for the pious idea of a good, loving, and just God to be taken very seriously, and that any alleged creator of the universe in which children suffer and die hardly deserves our devotion.It is an affective -- not a strictly logical -- position to hold, but it is an intelligible one, with a certain sublime moral purity to it; I myself find it deeply compelling; and it is entirely up to each person to judge whether he or she finds any particular religion's answer to the "problem of evil" either adequate or credible.
Erin Kellison, Bring Me a Dream|So either I help you or I'm on my own?" With no way to get to Lambert. No way to stop the rage inside. No way to feel remotely normal again."That's the choice," she said.
Joan D. Chittister, Wisdom Distilled from the Daily: Living the Rule of St. Benedict Today|It is one thing to speak kindly to an irritating stranger on Monday. It is quite another thing to go on speaking kindly to the same irritating relative, or irritating employee, or irritating child day after day, week after week, year after year and come to see in that what God is asking of me, what God is teaching me about myself in this weary, weary moment.
Kaley Cuoco|We all get lost along the way, but hopefully we figure out some sort of path. It helps if you can imagine the process as well as the goal. Those kinds of dreams are easier to achieve.
Paul Laurence Dunbar, The Sport of the Gods|In one level, Om is the self-organizing power of the universe and self-awareness is the process to access that power.
Jaime Allison Parker, Justice of the Fox|Most of her friends owned laptops and seemed to spend more time with their phones than anything else. Steffy kept her latest playlists and apps updated frequently. She was a member of what Peter called, The Gadget Generation. She could not imagine what it must have been like before such a time. The unbearable isolation that must have been present. How did people deal with it? When she asked a few older people in the town, they simply said she had too much spare time on her hands. It appeared thinking was a crime in the world she lived
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|Whenever we hear laughter, we sense the magic and the beauty of being existed!
Gift Gugu Mona|Peace is a very powerful approach than war, choose peace when solving any problem in the world.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: A Young Adult's Guide to a Meaningful Future|I don't want to die. I deserve, certainly, the most extreme punishment society has, and I think society deserves to be protected from me and from others like me. That's the irony. What I'm talking about is going beyond retribution because there is no way in the world that killing me is going to restore those beautiful children to their parents and correct and soothe the pain.
Theodor Storm, Aquis Submersus|Back in those days there was still an unbroken stretch of heath that lay on the route of our excursions, all that was left of a heath that once had extended almost up to the town on the one side and almost to the little village on the other. Here the honeybees and white-gray bumblebees hummed over the fragrant blossoms of heather, and the beautiful gold-green beetles ran among the plants; here in the sweet clouds of the erica and the resinous bushes hovered butterflies that could be found nowhere else on this earth.
Peter Biskind, Easy Riders, Raging Bulls|Summer movie idea: take all the sequels that are out right now, and make movies about their backstories.
L.P. Donnelli, Dead Diary|It was the artists who finally gave their times and places significance. Paul felt the presence of their ghosts out in the world, just as felt them in his office and in his head. The air was full of them. They were everywhere and always would be.
Vicky Arthurs|And then, as I got older,I left the woods and lookedat fading stars, dying stars,eternal stars in their heavens,with lips that would kiss and wordsshaped through love songs,a life of journeys to some placefar from home, unfamiliar,(a wild weird western shore)until sunset across limestoneprompts us to make these,our plagiarised prayersto broken stone.
Margaret Maron, Bootlegger's Daughter|Every time we start thinking we're the center of the universe, the universe turns around and says with a slightly distracted air, 'I'm sorry. What'd you say your name was again?
Terry Eagleton, Literary Theory: An Introduction|Certain American uses of deconstruction, Derrida has observed, work to ensure ‘an institutional closure’ which serves the dominant political and economic interests of American society. Derrida is clearly out to do more than develop new techniques of reading: deconstruction is for him an ultimately political practice, an attempt to dismantle the logic by which a particular system of thought, and behind that a whole system of political structures and social institutions, maintains its force. He is not seeking, absurdly, to deny the existence of relatively determinate truths, meanings, identities, intentions, historical continuities; he is seeking rather to see such things as the effects of a wider and deeper history of language, of the unconscious, of social institutions and practices.
David Paul Kirkpatrick, The Address Of Happiness|Through science, she could reach anyone at anytime around the world, but no one seemed to know what to say.
Compton Gage|Stand up upon the right side, and I shall expound the similitude unto thee.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|- because just by hating it’s possible to be purified from love, just with the sword, with the fire..
Michael Houbrick|As a society we should try to never inhibit another person's creativity. In people like myself, it's all we have.
Werner Herzog|Man can start with aversion and end with love, but if he begins with love and comes round to aversion he will never get back to love.
Alexander the Great|To isolate life from danger is a mission impossible! To take precautions against the dangers, that is the necessary and plausible mission!
Wess Stafford, Too Small to Ignore: Why Children Are the Next Big Thing|But when adults speak up for the vulnerable and the weak, working and demanding that safety and respect prevail, God's little lambs are protected and nourished. They know they are not abandoned; they are loved. And the world becomes a little more like heaven as a result.
Shah Rukh Khan|But O, how bitter a thing it is to look into happiness through another man's eyes.
Nalini Singh, Branded by Fire|I have something for you.”“Yeah? What? Is it shiny?”They both waited until Indigo had jogged away before resuming their conversation. “So,” Riley asked, “what have you got for me?” Taking his hand, she placed it palm-down over her heart. It would hurt like a bitch, she thought, but he was hers to protect as much as she was his. “Me.” And she opened up her soul, laid herself bare.
Emma Cline, The Girls|. . . even the surprise of harmless others in the house disturbed me. I didn't want my inner rot on display, even accidentally. Living alone was frightening in that way. No one to police the spill of yourself, the ways you betrayed your primitive desires. Like a cocoon built around you, made of your own naked proclivities and never tidied into the patterns of actual human life.
|If you find yourself in the midst of dire circumstances, focus on your current blessings and future victories.
Sil Vereecken|The key of success is knowing that each man you see, think you'll never make it, are the ones who definitely never score on whatever which lifegoal.
Lailah Gifty Akita|It seems to happen sudden—a fighter gets good. He gets easy and graceful. He learns how to save himself—no energy wasted... he slips and slides— he travels with the punch. . . . Oh, sure, I like the way you're shaping up.
Elizabeth Meriwether|I really love showing up at work at 10 A.M., trying to make it funny until 3 P.M., and then going home. It's like comedy bankers' hours.
Bruce Crown, Forlorn Passions|To say she is only a woman is to say a violin is a piece of wood with strings, and Dante is mere ink printed on paper.
Zhuangzi|How fragile we are under the sheltering sky. Behind the sheltering sky is a vast dark universe, and we're just so small.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Imagination doesn't always make you long for what you cannot have, but rather thrive in what you do not have.
Adrienne Rich|Responsibility to yourself means refusing to let others do your thinking, talking, and naming for you; it means learning to respect and use your own brains and instincts; hence, grappling with hard work.
Jenny Trout, Possession|I'd never been a good damsel in distress. I was a "hands-on" damsel.
Garrison Keillor, Lake Wobegon Summer, 1956|What would people think?'Jesus said that people think all sorts of things. The human mind is like a cloud of gnats. Constant motion. That's why you have to look at the heart.'Oh,' said Grandpa.
Tamora Pierce|In parenting, as in judging, the days are long, but the years are short.
Marcus Speh, Get Lit, Round 1: Short Fiction|Writing consist of everything. whether your writing is of riddles, rimes, prose, trivial, general, of thought, or of feeling. indiscretions you've done or have fantasized about. love, deception, romance, fear, death, life, pain, & yes even happiness. writing is of a specific purpose & states a meaning within what is written.
Kenneth Grahame, The Wind in the Willows|In a painful time of my life I went often to a wooded hillside where May apples grew by the hundreds, and I thought the sourness of their fruit had a symbolism for me. Instead, I was to find both love and happiness soon thereafter. So to me [the May apple] is the mandrake, the love symbol, of the old dealers in plant restoratives.
Shinmon Aoki, Coffinman: The Journal of a Buddhist Mortician|In fact, no form of death places a greater burden on society than suicide, for the act of suicide is the way a person seeks to resolve his alienation from a cooperative society.
Fiola Faelan|In the evenings, Sam performs exercises to prepare his body for love-making with Franz. He practices kissing (something he’d once hated) by smooching deer lips, antelope ears, frog anuses, and the great, whiskered muzzles of sleeping bison. He improves his petting skills by necking with juniper bushes and pine tree trunks with such passion that the bark snaps and sap runs, or with such tenderness that the whole forest goes silent and swallows nest in his hair.
Susan Vaught, Going Underground|Five seconds, and my body's humming. I go half-man, half-machine, and my thoughts go straight to touching her more, to how far I want to go, how far she might want to go, and damn, I start to hurt. No amount of music or hard work will fix this. My body's a beast. A beast that's been held back too long.
Vladimir Putin|Beauty is an asset, just like physical prowess, charisma, brains or emotional intelligence. The key with any gift is in the way that you use it. It doesn't define you as a person. Rather, it's an asset to be used judiciously and with an understanding of how it is just a small part of who you are.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In the history of the world, we have left our footprints by our unique stories.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|It is through these facial expressions that we write and feel our life story, create lifelong social habits—through which we are received and perceived by a multitude of others. When you want to make a positive first impression, let your face know!
Frank Zappa|Intelligent people know they are intelligent. They also know that one person cannot know all, hence a person is not stupid simply because he is ignorant of one thing or another. They know that, to another intelligent person, they will not appear stupid in asking for an explanation of what they do not know, and so their ignorance on any particular issue does not become an embarrassment.
Timothy Zahn, The Last Command|Any Earth Alliance military personnel who, whether through affirmative acts or by inaction, assist these seditionists are guilty of treason and will be held accountable. To all present military personnel: you have five minutes to respond accordingly.”She chuckled. “Bet more than one scuffle just broke out on board those ships.”“Any second thoughts?”Her head shook tersely. “We’re all traitors now.”“It’s not traitorous to want to be free.
Iris Murdoch|The most essential and fundamental aspect of culture is the study of literature, since this is an education in how to picture and understand human situations.
Robert Tew|Fight back, Laia. For Darin. For Izzi. For every Scholar this beast has abused. Fight. A scream bursts from me, and I claw at Marcus’s face, but a punch to my stomach takes the wind out of my lungs. I double over, retching, and his knee comer up into my forehead. The hallway spins, and I drop to my knees. Then I hear him laughting, a sadistic chuckle that stokes my defiance.Sluggishly, I throw myself at his legs. It won’t be like before, like during the raid when I let that Mask drag me about my own house like some dead thing.This time, I’ll fight. Tooth and nail, I’ll fight.
Emily Giffin, Heart of the Matter|It occurs to me that she is not unique--that all women compare lives. We are aware of whose husband works more, who helps more around the house, who makes more money, who is having more sex. We compare our children, taking note of who is sleeping through the night, eating their vegetables, minding their manners, getting into the right schools. We know who keeps the best house, throws the best parties, cooks the best meals, has the best tennis game. We know who among us is the smartest, has the fewest lines around her eyes, has the best figure--whether naturally or artificially. We are aware of who works full-time, who stays at home with the kids, who manages to do it all and make it look easy, who shops and lunches while the nanny does it all. We digest it all and then discuss with our friends. Comparing and then confiding; it is what women do.The difference, I think, lies in why we do it. Are we doing it to gauge our own life and reassure ourselves that we fall within the realm of normal? Or are we being competitive, relishing others' shortcomings so that we can win, if only by default?
Susan Hill, Mrs de Winter|The problem with guilt was not how it attacks the present, but how it stained the past. Hindsight was a blemish on memory.
Chloe Neill, Wild Things|There are those amongst us who have erred, deeply and significantly. Who have wounded the world and broken themselves. The worst of them lose themselves in their errors. The best of them crawl back, one foot at a time, and seek to amend their breaches. That is the way of the brave.
Susan Abulhawa, Mornings in Jenin|She loved beyond measure, When I was young I thought her cold. But in time I came to understand that she was too tender for the world she’d been born into,” I said. Sorrow gave Dalia an iron gift. Behind that hard shelter, sheloved boundlessly in the distance and privacy of her solitude, safe fromthe tragic rains of her fate.
Michael Weatherly|A taste for irony has kept more hearts from breaking than a sense of humor, for it takes irony to appreciate the joke which is on oneself.
Raheel Farooq|...where our desires "come from"; that is a dark, winding road.
Tetsuo Miura, Shame in the Blood|Shino looked at me straight in the eye and smiled, her face brimming with a kind of inner strength. That strength seemed to gather the beads of perspiration that glistened on her brow, then sprang from her face and leapt across to my heart with a rhythm like ripples on water.
Hunter Shea, Island of the Forbidden|The best way of keeping a low profile was to immerse himself in the mundane. Act like them, talk like them. A smile, a joke was all it took - at least during the day. The night was his own.
Margaret Heffernan, Willful Blindness: Why We Ignore the Obvious at Our Peril|Money is just one of the forces that blind us to information and issues which we could pay attention to - but don't. It exacerbates and often rewards all the other drivers of willful blindness; our preference for the familiar, our love for individuals and for big ideas, a love of busyness and our dislike of conflict and change, the human instinct to obey and conform and our skill at displacing and diffusing responsibility. All of these operate and collaborate with varying intensities at different moments in our lives. The common denominator is that they all make us protect our sense of self-worth, reducing dissonance and conferring a sense of security, however illusory. In some ways, they all act like money; making us feel good at first, with consequences we don't see. We wouldn't be so blind if our blindness didn't deliver rewards; the benefit of comfort and ease.
Fakeer Ishavardas|I once had every hope,’ he says. ‘The world corrupts me, I think. Or perhaps it's just the weather. It pulls me down and makes me think like you, that one should shrink inside, down and down to a little point of light, preserving one's solitary soul like a flame under a glass. The spectacles of pain and disgrace I see around me, the ignorance, the unthinking vice, the poverty and the lack of hope, and oh, the rain – the rain that falls on England and rots the grain, puts out the light in a man's eye and the light of learning too, for who can reason if Oxford is a giant puddle and Cambridge is washing away downstream, and who will enforce the laws if the judges are swimming for their lives? Last week the people were rioting in York. Why would they not, with wheat so scarce, and twice the price of last year? I must stir up the justices to make examples, I suppose, otherwise the whole of the north will be out with billhooks and pikes, and who will they slaughter but each other? I truly believe I should be a better man if the weather were better. I should be a better man if I lived in a commonwealth where the sun shone and the citizens were rich and free. If only that were true, Master More, you wouldn't have to pray for me nearly as hard as you do.
John Kenneth Galbraith|I think, in our darkest moments, you have to find the humor, and you have to find the lightness.
Stephanie Dowrick, Intimacy and Solitude: Balancing Closeness and Independence|Sound crazy? It may well be, but it is precisely in relationships of intimacy that your craziness (and mine) will be hardest to conceal. p.215
Carola Perla, Gibbin House|Sometimes, the choices we make have devastating consequences
Gordon B. Hinckley|Back in 1960 at Christmas time, I did work loading and unloading boxcars for Railway Express. That was a kind of weight training that helped me. I weighed about 160 when I started. I began to gain weight and kept right on gaining until I reached 195 pounds.
Jeno Marz, Falaha's Journey: A Spacegirl's Account in Three Movements|You’re as lovely as a flower in the stark of winter… Your hair is the color of wheat under the midday sun, and your eyes—”“Yes, yes. My eyes are like the sea or the sky or some such nonsense,” she quipped with a laugh, the lilting sound like the finest music, better than anything he could ever play.
Debasish Mridha|Love is the language of the heart,which everyone understands.
Haruki Murakami|April ended and May came along, but May was even worse than April. In the deepening spring of May, I had not choice but to recognize the trembling of my heart. It usually happened as the sun was going down. In the pale evening gloom, when the soft fragrance of magnolias hung in air, my heart would swell without warning, and tremble, and and lurch with a stab of pain. I would try clamping my eyes shut and gritting my teeth, and wait for it to pass. And it would pass - but slowly, taking its own time, and leaving a dull ache behind.
Henry James, Washington Square|The city is the size of a country, but has been operated like a candy store.
Jeremy Aldana|He was changed as completely as Amory Blaine could ever be changed. Amory plus Beatrice plus two years in Minneapolis - these had been his ingredients when he entered St. Regis'. But the Minneapolis years were not a thick enough overlay to conceal the "Amory plus Beatrice" from the ferreting eyes of a boarding school, so St. Regis' had very painfully drilled Beatrice out of him and begun to lay down new and more conventional planking on the fundamental Amory. But both St. Regis' and Amory were unconscious of the fact that this fundamental Amory had not in himself changed. Those qualities for which he had suffered: his moodiness, his tendency to pose, his laziness, and his love of playing the fool, were now taken as a matter of course, recognized eccentricities in a star quarter-back, a clever actor, and the editor of the "St. Regis' Tattler"; it puzzled him to see impressionable small boys imitating the very vanities that had not long ago been contemptible weaknesses.
Rosalynn Carter|Having in my life been bitten by the jaws of both victory and defeat, I must rush to add that success is to failure as butter pecan ice cream is to death.
Denis John George, The '3-3-3' Enigma: An Invitation To Consciously Create Your Reality|If you can't give people a piece of your mind, they probably don't deserve the whole of your heart.
Debasish Mridha|Let us decorate the world with the pearls of a smile, diamonds of hope, and the rubies of love.
Neil Gaiman|But the truth is, it's not the idea, it's never the idea, it's always what you do with it.")
Mel Brown|Is it shocking?" he asked sarcastically. "To discover that there are things you don't know?
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.|Success depends in a very large measure upon individual initiative and exertion, and cannot be achieved except by a dint of hard work.
Ted Dekker, BoneMan's Daughters|Evil is an act, not an appetite. How many haven't wanted to slash the throat of some boor across the dining room table? Present company excepted of course. Everyone has the appetite. If you give in to it, it, that act is evil. The appetite is normal.
Anne Stuart, The Devil's Waltz|I hate to tell you, dragon, but that's an integral part of the whole usiness," he whispered. "If you're afraid to touch me then we're not going to get very far."She lifted her head to look at him. "I thought I could lie back and let you ravish me," she said with complete honesty.He shook his head, the smile hovering around his lips, his eyes intent. "This is a cooperative effort, my love. You have to do your part.
Joe Dunthorne, Submarine|Thursday morning. I usually let my Mum wake me up but today I have set my alarm for seven. Even from under my duvet, I can hear it bleating on the other side of my room. I hid it inside my plastic crate for faulty joysticks so that I would have to get out of bed, walk across the room, yank it out of the box by its lead and, only then, jab the snooze button. This was a tactical manoeuvre by my previous self. He can be very cruel.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|If God be near a church, it must pray. And if he be not there, one of the first tokens of his absence will be a slothfulness in prayer.
E. Journey, Welcome, Reluctant Stranger|We all handle loss in our individual ways, grieve in all kinds of ways. We all go through feeling okay sometimes, but other times, we feel so bad we hurt ourselves or those around us.
Rita Leganski, The Silence of Bonaventure Arrow|One time Bonaventure heard the graphite of a pencil rasp across a piece of paper and leave a slight and quivered mark behind. He listened so hard he heard the graphite's history, when it was still a part of metamorphic rock that didn't know it would one day almost capture what was almost a thought from the mind of an insane man.
Paul Hollywood|People look at Marvel movies as epic in scope, but if you look back at the comics, you realise that Marvel heroes were often a reaction to the square-jawed DC characters like Superman, who were flawless and beyond reproach.
Dennis McFadden|(M)ysteries in fiction are seldom as insoluble as those in life, as most writers can't resist the lure of omniscience.
Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works|we’re all a grab bag of good and eveil, and by and large can’t tell which is which
Forrest Carr|Hey, I said we don't carry weapons, I didn't say we couldn't defend ourselves." Captain Stanley Memphis, head of alien team disguised as pint-sized critters on a quest to learn if humans are savage bastards or a benevolent tribe.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|Metaphorically, governance is like a “Steer,” Risk Management is like a “Brake.
Laura Hough, Allies in Healing: When the Person You Love Is a Survivor of Child Sexual Abuse|The healing process is best described as a spiral. Survivors go through the stages once, sometimes many times; sometimes in one order, sometimes in another. Each time they hit a stage again, they move up the spiral: they can integrate new information and a broader range of feelings, utilize more resources, take better care of themselves, and make deeper changes.” Allies in Healing by Laura Davis
Cordell Hull|This world, after all our science and sciences, is still a miracle; wonderful, inscrutable, magical and more, to whosoever will think of it.
Shirley Jackson, Let Me Tell You: New Stories, Essays, and Other Writings|Write your own part. It's the only way I've ever gotten anywhere. It is much harder work, but sometimes you have to take destiny into your own hands. It is much harder work, but sometimes you have to take destiny into your own hands. It forces you to think about what your strengths really are, and once you find them, you can showcase them, and nobody can stop you.
Brent Weeks|Assassination is an art, milord, and I am the city’s most accomplished artist - Durzo Blint
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|It is regret for the absence of his loved one which causes a mourner to grieve: yet it is clear that this in itself is bearable enough; for we do not weep at their being absent or intending to be absent during their lifetime, although when they leave our sight we have no more pleasure in them. What tortures us, therefore, is an idea.
Anie Michaels, Never Far Away|Megan, you just single handedly set the women’s movement back twenty years
Lewis Spence, British Fairy Origins|There was, no doubt, a confusion of persons in damnation: what Pantheists falsely hoped of Heaven bad men really received in Hell. They were melted down into their Master, as a lead soldier slips down and loses his shape in the ladle over the gas ring.
Tom Rachman, The Imperfectionists|What you read in the newspapers, hear on the radio and see on television, is hardly even the truth as seen by experts; it is the wishful thinking of journalists, seen through filters of prejudice and ignorance.
Alain de Botton|Maturity' really means: being very unsurprised by, and calm around, pain and disappointment.
Terry Pratchett, Snuff|They say that the eyes of some paintings can follow you around the room, a fact that I doubt, but I am wondering whether some music can follow you for ever.
Christopher Crawford|knowledge without application is like a book that is never read' Christopher Crawford, Hemel Hempstead.
Kaiylah Muhammad, Out of the Cage|What I’m starting to realize is that when you conform, people are not accepting you for who you are. They’re accepting you for who they think you are.
Marissa Clarke, Chance of a Lifetime|Use your dick, don’t be one.
Qalandar Nawaz|You call her a Bitch,Because she throws attitude?Gentlemen, You need to Grow up!Try to be modest in Her Eyes,Not a disgust in Her Insights!
Dylan Thomas|Tradition has it that whenever a group of people has tasted the lovely fruits of wealth, security, and prestige, it begins to find it more comfortable to believe in the obvious lie and accept that it alone is entitled to privilege.
Sharon Law Tucker, How to Be a BadAss - A Survival Guide for Women|It's all about educating people to value you as much a they value themselves. If you respect your time, others will too.
William O. Douglas|The major problem—one of the major problems, for there are several—one of the many major problems with governing people is that of whom you get to do it; or rather of who manages to get people to let them do it to them. To summarize: it is a well-known fact that those people who must want to rule people are, ipso facto, those least suited to do it. To summarize the summary: anyone who is capable of getting themselves made President should on no account be allowed to do the job. To summarize the summary of the summary: people are a problem. And so this is the situation we find: a succession of Galactic Presidents who so much enjoy the fun and palaver of being in power that they very rarely notice that they’re not. And somewhere in the shadows behind them—who? Who can possibly rule if no one who wants to do it can be allowed to?
Jessamine Verzosa, A Miracle|Have you ever wondered what a witness is? It's someone who has died, who lives in heaven and watches over the lives of those she loved. That's what I do. I watch you. I cheer you on. I hurt when you hurt.
Nicki Elson, Hans & Greta: a Twisted Fairy Tale Novella|A cemetery?" I chuckle, but the pitch is a bit higher than I expected. "At night? With a full moon? Um ... did you see any, uh, zombies, you, while you were there?"Shiko blinks at me a few times. "No"I slump in relief. "Thank God. I mean, I don't want to be the first to die. The funny guy always dies first, for shock value, you know. Rourke would get killed next, because it's be a heroic sacrifice or something." I motion to Shiko. "You'd live, though, unless you had sex."... Shiko has the look of an addled kitten, complete with head tilt. Rourke sighs and leans toward her, embarrassed. 'You'll have to excuse him. According to his mother he has an irrational fear of something called the zombie apocalypse.""It's not irrational!
Skyla Madi, Too Consumed|Here I was just thinking all these wonderful things about you and now you’re trying to strip down before we can have sex.”His hands casually held in the air, he explained, “I was hot.” “It’s seventy degrees in he
Veronica Roth|Honesty is all I've got," she said finally, speaking in a low voice. "I don't have family. I don't have beauty, or a man. I don't have money, and I sure as hell don't have a future. All I've got to prop up my pride is my word." Her chin rose. "When Jenny Jones says something, you can bet your last peso that it's true.
Jonathan Rosen, Eve's Apple|Starlets were always turning up dead in people's pools. They fished them out like goldfish. Nobody seemed to find it unusual that so many young, beautiful women wanted to die.
William Shakespeare|When my own time comes, will I too long for the sea? I think I will be content enough with the soil. And I will not demand the exact spot, but let it be within this country Horace and I have spent the years roaming contentedly.
Thomas Maltman, Little Wolves|My child has to be an artist,because conceiving her will be the best artmy body has ever accommodated.
Robert Louis Stevenson, Kidnapped|There are two things that men should never weary of, goodness and humility; we get none too much of them in this rough world among cold, proud people.
Sanjeev Murukan|i never give up, i'l try and try when my goal reaches.
William Blake, The Marriage of Heaven and Hell|It is not easy to convey, unless one has experienced it, the dramatic feeling of sudden enlightenment that floods the mind when the right idea finally clicks into place. One immediately sees how many previously puzzling facts are neatly explained by the new hypothesis. One could kick oneself for not having the idea earlier, it now seems so obvious. Yet before, everything was in a fog.
Clive Barker|Know something about the world, and by this I mean the world outside of books. This might require joining the Marines, or working on an oil rig or as a hash slinger at a truck stop in Kentucky. Know what it smells like out there. If everything you write smells like a library, then your prospective audience will be limited to those who like the smell of libraries.
Unknown|It's such a blessing when you accidentally meet an oracle or diviner, who encourage you to take up things what you love the most. And you just go for it. Because nothing else can matter, only quality of beauty and artistry, or at least as long as there is anything that activates your senses. When you are born to be a pleasure-seeker, then only fools can smell a conspiracy close by.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven Boys|So many times it seemed like there were chances to stop things before they started. Or even stop them in midstream. But it was even worse when you knew in that very moment that there was still time to save yourself, and yet you couldn't even budge.
Katherine McIntyre, Rising for Autumn|She’d sworn she wouldn’t end up like her little brother, but loneliness didn’t arrive with flashing bulbs and a warning label. The descent was as simple and complex as a faked smile, white lies about being “okay,” and the nod and acceptance as her own peers didn’t delve deeper, shutting the coffin lid for her.
Anaïs Nin|life is truly known only to those who suffer, lose, endure adversity, & stumble from defeat to defeat.
M.F. Moonzajer|Almost all genius up to now was one-sided—the result of a sickly constitution. One type had too much sense of the external, the other too much inner sense. Seldom could nature achieve a balance between the two—a complete constitution of genius. Often a perfect proportion arose by chance, but this could never endure because it was not comprehended and fixed by the spirit—they remained fortunate moments. The first genius that penetrated itself found here the exemplary germ of an immeasurable world. It made a discovery which must have been the most remarkable in the history of the world—for with it there begins a whole new epoch for humanity—and true history of all kinds becomes possible for the first time at this stage—for the way that had been traversed hitherto now makes up a proper whole that can be entirely elucidated. That point outside the world is given, and now Archimedes can fulfill his promise.
R.C. Sproul Jr., Bound for Glory: God's Promise for Your Family|Once you put yourself on the lookout for teachable moments, you'll find them everywhere!
E.M. Forster, Maurice|There was something better in life than this rub­bish, if only he could get to it—love—nobility—big spaces where passion clasped peace, spaces no science could reach, but they existed for ever, full of woods some of them, and arched with majestic sky and a friend. . .
Michael Bassey Johnson|When i was a child, i liked tasting any candy i happened to see, but as i grew older, i realized those are a great meal to the worms in my innards. Will you shun old habits or nay? That's the question.
Marianne Moore|The only part of the conduct of any one, for which he is amenable to society, is that which concerns others. In the part which merely concerns himself, his independence is, of right, absolute. Over himself, over his own body and mind, the individual is sovereign.
Aprilynne Pike, Wings|Laurel look up at him in question, but he wouldn't meet her eyes. She always wished she had more time to draw secrets from him. "I'll wear it always," she said."And think of me?" His eyes held her captive, and she knew there was only one answer."Yes.""Good."She started to turn, but before she could step away, Tamani grabbed her hand. Without breaking eye contact, he raised her hand to his face and brushed his lips over her knuckles. For just a second, his eyes were unguarded. A spark went through Laurel at what she saw there: raw, unbridled desire.Before she could look any closer, he smiled, and the flash was gone.
Vladimir Lenin|I have certainly met much more discrimination in terms of being a woman than being black, in the field of politics.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|The children are innocent until proven guilty. For their sake, not ours, we must soldier on, muddling our way toward frugality, simplicity, liberty, community, until some kind of sane and rational balance is achieved between our ability to love and our cockeyed ambition to conquer and dominate everything in sight. No wonder the galaxies recede from us in every direction, fleeing at velocities that approach the speed of light. They are frightened. We humans are the Terror of the Universe.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Everyone should strive to be a world citizen. Boundaries were created by man, not the Creator. There is no such thing as THEM vs. US. There is only 'WE'.
Thomas Sangster|'Joker' was a violent, dark, and brutal book, so I wanted to do something a little less heavy. I played around with the idea of a children's book, and that eventually became 'Noel.' And I just kept finding these parallels between things I could do with Batman and Charles Dickens' 'A Christmas Carol.'
Tony Williams|True happiness comes from within. When we stop looking for social proof and trust in ourselves, a certain magic happens. You are the most important person in your life, and, we are one.
Plato|Crucial to understanding federalism in modern day America is the concept of mobility, or 'the ability to vote with your feet.' If you don't support the death penalty and citizens packing a pistol - don't come to Texas. If you don't like medicinal marijuana and gay marriage, don't move to California.
Sterling Hayden|I am pretty fearless, and you know why? Because I don't handle fear very well; I'm not a good terrified person.
John Flanagan, The Emperor of Nihon-Ja|a) he's late. b) he's acting like an asshole and blowing me off. c)he's gotten into a horrible car crash that's left dead. The most likely answer is A. (We went to prom together, and the limo had to wait in his driveway for half an hour. At the end of the night, we got charged for an extra hour. He- read: his parents- paid for it, but still.)
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|Description is what makes the reader a sensory participant in the story. Good description is a learned skill,one of the prime reasons you cannot succeed unless you read a lot and write a lot. It's not just a question of how-to, you see; it's a question of how much to. Reading will help you answer how much, and only reams of writing will help you with the how. You can learn only by doing.
Nate Robinson|You've got to take the road you need to take, and only you can make that calculation. Not your dad, not your friend. You have to take it if you feel it instinctively.
Cynthia Hand, Unearthly|And,” Kay adds as her final touch, “Christian Prescott is my boyfriend.”I dislike her already.
Georges Limbour|And, in fact, if these crimes appeal less to the senses, they appeal more to the mind; and the mind, in the last analysis, is the profoundest part of us. For the novelist, therefore, there is a new type of tragedy to be derived from these crimes, more intellectual than physical in character, which do not really seem to be crimes to the superficial judgement of old materialistic societies because they do not involve bloodshed, and murder is committed only in the sphere of feelings and manners.
Sandeep N. Tripathi|Ego said, 'I will not apologize for who I am'. Experience replied, 'Unless your self-realization comes to light, your apology is worthless. And, when your self-realization does come to light, which it will, your apology will be of little or no value'. - Sandeep N. Tripathi
Sara Baume, A Line Made by Walking|The foundational Vajrakilaya is the sun shining in the sky behind the clouds. The path Vajrakilaya is the removal of the clouds from the sky through the force of wind and rain, or whatever; it is the path of method and wisdom, combined. And the resultant Vajrakilaya is the nature of your mind, the nature of your rigpa, which is the same mind as the mind of the primordial buddha, Kuntuzangpo. The path Vajrakilaya is the removal of the adventitious veil of obscuration that covers rigpa. Applying the method by practicing generation stage (kyerim) and completion stage (dzogrim), accumulating merit and purifying negative karma, removing that veil, is the path. The result is realizing that ones own self nature is buddha. So the result is the same as the foundation. In the beginning you are buddha, and in the end you are buddha.
Rene Denfeld, The Enchanted|I would think for hours how strange it was that some parts of words are silent, just like some parts of our lives. Did the people who wrote the dictionaries decide to mirror language to our lives, or did it just happen that way?
Kate Jacobs, The Friday Night Knitting Club|The thing is, that when you're young, you always think you'll meet all sorts of wonderful people, that drifting apart and losing friends is natural. You don't worry, at first, about the friends you leave behind. But as you get older, it gets harder to build friendships. Too many defenses, too little opportunity. You get busy. And by the time you realize that you've lost the dearest best friend you've ever had, years have gone by and you're mature enough to be embarrassed by your attitude and, frankly, by your arrogance.
Maxine Hong Kingston|In a time of destruction, create something.
Cory Monteith|When I leave the car park at Melwood, I try and become a completely different person. I try to get away from it. You have got to. Otherwise you end up like Jamie Carragher - obsessed!
Kelly Link|Remember, when you don’t know what to do, it never hurts to play Scrabble. It’s like reading the I Ching or tea leaves.
Sunday Adelaja|We tend to look only on one side of God’s blessing, without noticing the other side of the coin
Ted Hughes, Letters of Ted Hughes|I don’t want there to be things you “love about me”, I want you to love “all of me”.
Grégoire Delacourt, La liste de mes envies|I let it boil and it's got scum on it," Carol said annoyedly. "I'm sorry."But Therese loved it, because she knew this was exactly what Carol would always do, be thinking of something else and let the milk boil.
April Genevieve Tucholke, Between the Devil and the Deep Blue Sea|It’s not about winning, it’s about doing what’s right. And yes, we will do what’s right.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|But this payment goes well beyond my generosity," the monk responded."Don’t say that again. Life might be listening, and give you less the next time.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|My mother is quiet. The way he acts, she thinks it must mean he doesn't love her as much as she loves him
Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu|Beer. It always seems like such a good idea at the time, doesn't it? What's worse is beer seems like an even better idea after you've had some beer.
Cynthia Kenyon|When I had just started 'Cheers,' my nerves were ajangle, to put it mildly. I was absolutely terrified. What you're learning is to not show the fear, and to ultimately overcome it so that the level of relaxation is commensurate with the level of tension.
Blake Nelson, Paranoid Park|All the girls stared at me with hatred in their eyes. It was a big drama that had to be acted out. But deep down, nobody really cared. The other girls didn't care about Jennifer. Jennifer didn't care about me. I didn't care about anything.Everyone was so full of crap.
Alanea Alder, My Commander|Don't blink. Don't even blink." she whispered."What in the hell are you talking about?" Aiden looked around trying to identify a hidden threat."You blink and you're dead." Meryn stared at the two large stone angels on either side of a heavy looking wooden door unblinking. Aiden's hand went to his sidearm."Meryn, that is just a statue.""But what if it isn't? I mean up until this week I didn't think paranormals existed and now you're all over the fucking place. I can't take the chance.
Adam Smith, The Wealth of Nations|I have come to the conclusion that one useless man is a disgrace, that two become a lawfirm, and that three or more become a congress. -John Adams
Craig Machen, Still Life With Brass Pole|You know Becky, you haven't been the same since that crowbar fell on your head." - spoken by my mother after I eloped with a guy I'd known for about a month, when I was 18 years old!
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|You aren't battling your ability to stick to a diet, execute a business plan, repair a broken marriage and rebuild your life, hit your goals, or win over a bad manager- you are battling your feelings about doing it. You are more than capable of doing the work to change anything for the better, despite how you feel. Feelings are merely suggestions, ones you can ignore. To change you must do the same, you must ignore how you feel, and just do it anyway.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Since its sudden birth the city had expanded, swallowing up acre upon acre of the surrounding grasslands and drawing thousands into its domain. Hardly built on the most advantageous ground, miles from the open waters, decades from the mines at the mountain summits, it yet remained the only settlement of note on the isle. This sprawling mass of a city, once a compact kingdom, was now the keystone of the Castilian Empire.
Tracy A. Ball, KAYOS The Bad & The Worse|We are each on our own journey. Each of us is on our very own adventure; encountering all kinds of challenges, and the choices we make on that adventure will shape us as we go; these choices will stretch us, test us and push us to our limit; and our adventure will make us stronger then we ever know we could be.
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Night|I tried to tell you. You said you didn't care, remember?"A muscle ticked below his eye. "You should have told me anyway.""While you had barbells within your reach? Please. I'm Disease, not Stupid.
Pope Benedict XVI|I ultimately got into robotics because for me, it was the best way to study intelligence.
Myne Whitman, A Heart to Mend|The scarf could go on and on and on and on, and it could be the harlot-red banner of shame that wrapped him up and kept him warm when the nights grew lonely and cold.
Roger Zelazny, Blood of Amber|I find so many opportunities to fall, to falter, and fail when I refuse to surrender to change. Change will come into my room and rearrange my tidy world. Then like dominoes, one things changed falls upon another until it feels like the world is collapsing around me. But when I yield, when I surrender to the necessary change, I can stand back and look at the beautiful picture created by what seemed to be my world falling apart.
Tucker Elliot, The Day Before 9/11|I needed to talk to my dad. My dad who had been to war, who had seen its horrors, who suffered from its nightmares, my dad who was a good man, the best man I’d ever known, who, along with my uncle, I wanted to honor by teaching military kids—my dad, the only one who I would believe if he would just tell me I could be good, too, that I could do right by my students, because for sure they were going to suffer. It’s just cause and effect. We’re at war. The military fights wars. I teach military kids. I’d never served, but now I could make a difference. I just needed my dad to tell me what to do, to tell me I was good enough to get it done.
Na'ama Yehuda, Emilia|An option means decision, and a decision means acknowledging something is wrong and the shame one can no longer hide from.
Jennifer Hudson Taylor, Highland Sanctuary|If it doesn't challenge you, it will not change you.
Leigh Bardugo, Six of Crows|Jesper knocked his head against the hull and cast his eyes heavenward. “Fine. But if Pekka Rollins kills us all, I’m going to get Wylan’s ghost to teach my ghost how to play the flute just so that I can annoy the hell out of your ghost.”Brekker’s lips quirked. “I’ll just hire Matthias’ ghost to kick your ghost’s ass.”“My ghost won’t associate with your ghost,” Matthias said primly, and then wondered if the sea air was rotting his brain.
|Embrace each day with a warm heart and a big smile, because every gift of a new day is truly a big blessing.
Spider Robinson| …when writing, always hook the reader with your first sentence…in love, never settle…value yourself first and this will help you to value others…life is short, so enjoy it to the fullest…everyone in the world is different, and that’s ok…
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|No matter what the cause, God is only as willing as you are.
David Dweck|Beware! Friends are like chameleons, for they can turn enemies overnight.
Kiera Cass, The Elite|It was almost comforting, this mutual acceptance of our secrets.
Kamand Kojouri|My dear, please be careful.You no longer live only for yourself.You live for me as well.
Ransom Riggs, Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children|It seemed like my parents were always trying to get me to care about money, but I didn’t, really. Then again, it's easy to say you don't care about money when you have plenty of it.
Venus Williams|I feel connected to my generation through the music, but I also fear for us. We're in a very self-destructive state where we're addicted to outside opinions and we all feel like we have fans.
Robin Wright|I do know that Syria never will recognize Lebanon as an independent country, and the declaration of independence of Lebanon took place in 1943. Syria never - Syria never have recognized Lebanon. They regard Lebanon as part of Syria.
Mark Walden, H.I.V.E. Higher Institute of Villainous Education|Life at H.I.V.E. may have its attractions after all, Otto thought. Friends, as they say, may come and go, but high-powered laser weapons are forever.
Francesca Lia Block, Echo|If death is your lover, you don't got to be afraid ever that he will ever leave you
Arliss Sanchez|Love someone for the beat of their heart and the sound of their soul" ~ Silra
Yvonne Jayne|If you have a big heart, you will live a large life.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Don't blame my heart's appetite for how it chooses to feast, for my heart is a wild lover, an all-consuming beast.
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|The universe uses every experience you have to help you grow and learn. No experience is wasted. Every choice you make and everything that happens to you because of other people’s choices become your perfect lessons. As you learn to trust this truth, you will experience less fear and more peace.
Michelle Aguilar, Becoming Fearless: My Ongoing Journey of Learning to Trust God|It is necessary for us to have an imperfect freedom so that we can give ... if we cannot give anything to God, we do not have a share in his Spirit, who by his very nature is Gift.
Harry Papas|I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
Kate McKinnon|On planes I always cry. Something about altitude, the lack of oxygen and the bad movies. I cried over a St. Bernard movie once on a plane. That was really embarrassing.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Perfect love happens not when you're ready but when you least expect, at the most imperfect moment under unpredictable circumstances! Expect Not, Trust Existence!
Amanda Bouchet, A Promise of Fire|Hades, Hera, and Hestia!" Flynn curses, pointing up."What in the Underworld is that?""A She-Dragon." Everyone turns to me, and as much as I love having four handsome men gape at me in stupefaction, right now, I could do without.
Matt Ridley, Genome: the Autobiography of a Species in 23 Chapters|In the ensuing chapters, we will look in some detail at particular manifestations of the modern scientific ideology and the false paths down which it has led us. We will consider how biological determinism has been used to explain and justify inequalities within and between societies and to claim that those inequalities can never be changed. We will see how a theory of human nature has been developed using Darwin's theory of evolution by natural selection to claim that social organization is also unchangeable because it is natural. We will see how problems of health and disease have been located within the individual so that the individual becomes a problem for society to cope with rather than society becoming a problem for the individual. And we will see how simple economic relationships masquerading as facts of nature can drive the entire direction of biological research and technology.
Michio Kaku|God who created us has granted us the faculty of speech that we might disclose the counsels of our hearts to one another and that, since we possess our human nature in common, each of us might share his thoughts with his neighbor, bringing them forth from the secret recesses of the heart as from a treasury.
Jacqui Stedmon|There is no hour that has not its births of gladness and despair, no morning brightness that does not bring new sickness to desolation as well as new forces to genius and love. There are so many of us, and our lots are so different, what wonder that Nature's mood is often in harsh contrast with the great crisis of our lives?
George Carlin|Now, there's one thing you might have noticed I don't complain about: politicians. Everybody complains about politicians. Everybody says they suck. Well, where do people think these politicians come from? They don't fall out of the sky. They don't pass through a membrane from another reality. They come from American parents and American families, American homes, American schools, American churches, American businesses and American universities, and they are elected by American citizens. This is the best we can do folks. This is what we have to offer. It's what our system produces: Garbage in, garbage out. If you have selfish, ignorant citizens, you're going to get selfish, ignorant leaders. Term limits ain't going to do any good; you're just going to end up with a brand new bunch of selfish, ignorant Americans. So, maybe, maybe, maybe, it's not the politicians who suck. Maybe something else sucks around here... like, the public. Yeah, the public sucks. There's a nice campaign slogan for somebody: 'The Public Sucks. F*ck Hope.
Aeschylus, Agamemnon|In visions of the night, like dropping rain, Descend the many memories of pain
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Your purpose is more than just being happy, but it’s about making others to be blessed and happy.
Joyce Rachelle|For a storyteller, an open ending leaves much room for imagination; for the inquisitive reader, however, it is a source of great anxiety.
Amber Run|I don't wanna be the center of anything, just a part of something bigger.
Patty Griffin|Given the chance, i'll die like a baby, on some faraway beach, when the season's over.
Alice Duer Miller, Are Women People? a Book of Rhymes for Suffrage Times|Mother, what is a Feminist?""A feminist, my daughter,Is any woman now who caresTo think about her own affairsAs men don't think she oughter.
Sam Davis, Stop Procrastination: 12 Simple Anti-Procrastination Habits That Will Help You Stop Procrastinating And Boost Your Productivity|Better to sink with tempests raging o'erMasts all dismantled and hull gaping wideThan rest and rot on some unclouded shoreThe idle plaything of the listless tide.Better the grime of battle on the brow,With grim defeat to crush thy dying handThan through long years of peace to tyrant bowOr dwell captive in a strangers land.Better the castle with beleaguered gate,By battle's lightning shivered in a dayThan peaceful walls in pomp of sullen state,Through centuries sinking to a dull decay.Better resolve to win thy heart's desire,And striving bravely, die in the endeavorThan have the embers of some smothered fireLie smouldering in thy saddened soul forever.
Meg Wolitzer|There were the signed, spiral-bound Spirit-in-the-Woods yearbooks from three summers in a row and the aerial photograph of everyone at camp the second summer. In it, Ethan's feet were planted on Jule's head, and Jule's feet were planted on Goodman's head, and so on and so on. And didn't it always go like that-body parts not quite lining up the way you wanted them to, all of it a little bit off, as if the world itself were an animated sequence of longing and envy and self-hatred and grandiosity and failure and success, a strange and endless cartoon loop that you couldn't stop watching, because, despite all you knew by now, it was still so interesting.
Alex Shakar, Luminarium|Ale, man, Ale's the stuff to drink,for fellows whom it hurts to think.
Azim Jamal & Brian Tracy, What You Seek Is Seeking You|If I want to fuck a guy, I want to fuck a guy.
Erin Kellison, Delirium|Sleep," he commanded. "You need to rest after being jumped.""You could jump me.
Jack Trevor Story, The Trouble with Harry|When he was dead I realized that I had hardly ever spoken to him. When he had been dead a long time I began to wish I had. It seems to be typical of life in America, where opportunities, real and fancied, are thicker than anywhere else on the globe, that the second generation has no time to talk to the first.
Virginia Alison|Like hunting for a dead beloved's face among the living, in places, we find the place we loved before.
Paulo Coelho, The Witch Of Portobello|What's been important in my understanding of myself and others is the fact that each one of us is so much more than any one thing. A sick child is much more than his or her sickness. A person with a disability is much, much more than a handicap. A pediatrician is more than a medical doctor. You're MUCH more than your job description or your age or your income or your output.
James Russell Lowell|Everywhere across whatever sorrows of which our life is woven, some radiant joy will gaily flash past.
Kristin Armstrong|My court was divided between peace and war according to their various interests, but I considered only their reasons.
Abed Rahmani|We are all shining stars part of this UNIVERSE, which orbits the one SUN, but in different directions.
Christopher Gérard|Heaven is high and earth wide.If you ride three feet above ground than other men,you will know what that means.
Lawrence M. Krauss|I think we all want to really live good lives, and we all really want to have a healthy planet, although I don't know if we're supposed to be on it forever. Now, does that mean that we should be building rocket ships to shoot us into outer space? Well if we can, I think we should.
Lionel Suggs|Again came that ringing crow, and Peter dropped in front of them. "Greeting, boys," he cried, and mechanically they saluted, and then again was silence.He frowned."I am back," he said hotly, "why do you not cheer?
Edith Sitwell|That's what I love about poetry. The more abstract, the better. The stuff where you're not sure what the poet's talking about. You may have an idea, but you can't be sure. Not a hundred percent. Each word, specifically chosen, could have a million different meanings.
Markus Zusak, I Am the Messenger|This is fantastically squalid," said Milo. "We may never get out of here alive.
Gyalwa Dokhampa, The Restful Mind|Someone who is said to have a big ego is thought to be full of themselves, to lack the ability to listen, to always rush to be at the top of the tree and to think their own ideas are the best.
Angela Clarke|...a library is not just a reference service: it is also a place for the vulnerable. From the elderly gentleman whose only remaining human interaction is with library staff, to the isolated young mother who relishes the support and friendship that grows from a Baby Rhyme Time session, to a slow moving 30-something woman collecting her CDs, libraries are a haven in a world where community services are being ground down to nothing. I've always known libraries are vital, but now I understand that their worth cannot be measured in books alone.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|Argh!" Thalia pushed me, and a shock went through my body that blew me backward ten feet into the water. Some of the campers gasped. A couple of the Hunters stifled laughs."Sorry!" Thalia said, turning pale. "I didn't mean to—"Anger roared in my ears. A wave erupted from the creek, blasting into Thalia's face and dousing her from head to toe.I stood up. "Yeah," I growled. "I didn't mean to, either."Thalia was breathing heavily."Enough!" Chiron ordered.But Thalia held out her spear. "You want some, Seaweed Brain?"Somehow, it was okay when Annabeth called me that — at least, I'd gotten used to it — but hearing it from Thalia was not cool."Bring it on, Pinecone Face!
Yatin Patel|Contemporary novels can have a fleeting existence within the current multiplication of medias and the technological rapidity with which art is delivered and consumed. A cultural lacuna has opened, one that needs arresting.
BikeSnobNYC|Probably one of the most surprising discoveries I've made while studying the Bible is that God does not condone religion. It's a consistent theme throughout scripture. Religion is man's external effort to please God. But God doesn't care about all my efforts to get it right. He wants more, something far greater.
Paula Heller Garland|I may not always like at times, but life is a beautiful blend of joy, tragedy and dreams. If not for one, I could not have the other.
Sasha Graham, 365 Tarot Spreads: Revealing the Magic in Each Day|It's not that difficult you see, To be all that you can be;For the true secret to success, Is simply this...ALWAYS do your best.
Shahida Arabi|The more power they have over your emotions, the less likely you’ll trust your own reality and the truth about the abuse you’re enduring. Knowing the manipulative tactics and how they work to erode your sense of self can arm you with the knowledge of what you’re facing and at the very least, develop a plan to retain control over your own life and away from toxic people. . . . Taking back our control and power . . . means seeking validating professional help for the abuse we’ve suffered, detaching from these people in our lives, learning more about the techniques of abusers, finding support networks, sharing our story to raise awareness, and finding appropriate healing modalities that can enable us to transcend and thrive after their abuse.
Sandy Adams|Even if the chef has a good business head, his focus should be behind kitchen doors. A business partner should take care of everything in front of the kitchen doors.
Svetlana Alexievich|When I see a garden in flower, then I believe in God for a second. But not the rest of the time
Don Nickles|The greater part of the governments on earth may be termed monarchical aristocracies, or hereditary dominions independent of the people.
Kresley Cole, No Rest for the Wicked|They desecrate Riora’s sacred temple! She will be enraged.”“Oh, gods, look at the marble. We are all beyond doomed.”“Somebody put a plant in front of it!
Tatjana Soli, The Lotus Eaters|She did not think it was true that women fell in love all at once, but rather, that they fell in love through repitition, just the way someone became brave.
Radclyffe Hall|Imagine that. Terrible, terrible, the way we have all bent to the yoke; the affection we have for the harness about us.
Richard Doetsch, The Thieves Of Darkness|When I am alone with God I see that God is really all I have. All that matters. All that will last. At these times I realize that the magnitude of what I have is incomprehensible. Usually I cry for the sheer joy of it. Not tears of defeat, but rather tears of gratitude.
Lindsey O'Connor|In order to write a memoir, I’ve sat still inside the swirling vortex of my own complicated history like a piece of old driftwood, battered by the sea. I’ve waited—sometimes patiently, sometimes in despair—for the story under pressure of concealment to reveal itself to me. I’ve been doing this work long enough to know that our feelings—that vast range of fear, joy, grief, sorrow, rage, you name it—are incoherent in the immediacy of the moment. It is only with distance that we are able to turn our powers of observation on ourselves, thus fashioning stories in which we are characters
T.S. Eliot, Selected Poems|Unreal City, Under the brown fog of a winter dawn,A crowd flowed over London Bridge, so many,I had not thought death had undone so many.Sighs, short and infrequent, were exhaled,And each man fixed his eyes before his feet.Flowed up the hill and down King William Street,To where St Mary Woolnoth kept the hours With a dead sound on the final stock of nine.There I saw one I knew, and stopped him crying: 'Stetson!You, who were with me in the ships at Mylae!That corpse you planted last year in your garden,Has it begun to sprout? Will it bloom this year? Or has the sudden frost disturbed its bed?Oh keep the Dog far hence, that's friend to men,Or with his nails he'll dig it up again!You! hypocrite lecteur!-mon semblable,-mon frere!
Mark Twain|If one is looking for cultural testosterone and raging off-the-wall competition in the world of communications, Manhattan was - and is - home plate.
Matthew Pearl, The Dante Club|A man was leaning idly against an elm. ... The man, who towered over the poet even at his slanting angle, too old for a student and too worn for a faculty member, stared at him with the familiar, insatiable gleam of the literary admirer.
Frank Lloyd Wright|If Apple's a technology company in the music industry, why can't somebody in the music industry make technology?
H.S. Crow, Lunora and the Monster King|You are sorrow. You exist, even if joy is present. You’re not like them. You’re not like any other emotion. Hate and fear come and go, but you exist even when the breeze is clear of sadness. You are permanent and needed.
Natalie Goldberg, Writing Down the Bones: Freeing the Writer Within|At last something important had occurred, something that she ought to write down. But she did not know how to explain what had happened, how everything had changed in just one day, how someone she loved so dearly could be there one minute, and the next minute: gone.
Susan Howatch, Mystical Paths|The greatest sin you could commit is immortality, because it means that you’ll eventually commit all else.
Philip Larkin|Maiden Name Marrying left your maiden name disused. Its five light sounds no longer mean your face, Your voice, and all your variants of grace; For since you were so thankfully confused By law with someone else, you cannot be Semantically the same as that young beauty: It was of her that these two words were used. Now it's a phrase applicable to no one, Lying just where you left it, scattered through Old lists, old programmes, a school prize or two Packets of letters tied with tartan ribbon - Then is it scentless, weightless, strengthless, wholly Untruthful? Try whispering it slowly. No, it means you. Or, since you're past and gone, It means what we feel now about you then: How beautiful you were, and near, and young, So vivid, you might still be there among Those first few days, unfingermarked again. So your old name shelters our faithfulness, Instead of losing shape and meaning less With your depreciating luggage laden.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Creativity without discipline will struggle, creativity with discipline will succeed.
Aron Ra|Most reject the more repugnant or indefensible dogmas while still holding onto some core belief. Many believers will proudly describe themselves as "reasonable" or "rational" based on how little of their religion they still embrace versus how much they now reject. I think it's funny when people realize that the less you believe the more reasonable you are, but they stop before they reach the logical conclusion.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|What was it that Granny Weatherwax had said once? "Evil starts when you begin to treat people as things". And right now it would happen if you thought there was a thing called a father, and a thing called a mother, and a thing called a daughter, and a thing called a cottage, and told yourself that if you put them all together you had a thing called a happy family.
K. Weikel, The One-Hundred: Part 2 - The Beneath|You may have told me your story, but you’re still practically a stranger to me. I don’t know the you that you are right now as well as I know your past.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|And now it [grass] seems to me the beautiful uncut hair of graves, Tenderly will I use you curling grass,It may be you transpire from the breasts of young men, It may be if I had known them I would have loved them, It may be you from old people, or from offspring taken soon out of their mother's laps,  And here you are the mothers' 
Hubert Martin|She was starmetal bones with kaleidoscope eyes. A cracked framework of unique beauty, a patchwork portrait filled with swirling brush strokes, an amalgamation of delicate light and detailed shatter. I could write a novel about the way she breathes.
Mary Karr|Memoir is not an act of history but an act of memory, which is innately corrupt.
Leon Uris|[Dona Maria] saw that the people of this world moved about in an armor of egotism, drunk with self-gazing, athirst for compliments, hearing little of what was said to them, unmoved by the accidents that befell their closest friends, in dread of all appeals that might interrupt their long communion with their own desires.
Terri Windling, The Beastly Bride: Tales of the Animal People|I quit eating meat in 1976, the same year I turned fifteen, came out, and went to my first gay rights rally (not in that order). When I say that I 'came out,' I mean that I resolved to never lie about my love for women, never deliberately pass for straight, and never deny a lover by calling her 'him.' To do so, I felt, would be to betray not only the women I desired, but my deepest self.My decision to quit meat was equally simple. Somehow, through the confluence of midseventies influences, I knew that vegetarianism was a particularly healthy way to eat. One day, quite suddenly, I realized: If I didn't need to eat meat to stay alive, then eating meat was killing for pleasure. I couldn't live with myself, wouldn't be the nonviolent person I believed myself to be, if I killed other beings--beings who had their own desires--merely to satisfy my desire for the taste of their flesh.Looking back, I see that both decisions, coming out and quitting meat, are about the interplay of desire and integrity. Sometimes integrity means being true to your desires, and sometimes integrity requires you to refuse your desires. I also notice that both decisions were about bodies and consent. A primary tenet of gay liberation is that what consenting people do with each other's bodies is nobody else's business. And, of course, eating meat is something you do to somebody else's body without their consent.
Dwight L. Moody|A strangely reflective, even melancholy day. Is that because, unlike our cousins in the northern hemisphere, Easter is not associated with the energy and vitality of spring but with the more subdued spirit of autumn?
Joseph Heller, Catch-22|No such private nights of ecstasy or hushed-up drinking and sex orgies ever occurred. They might have occurred if either General Dreedle or General Peckem had once evinced an interest in taking part in orgies with him, but neither ever did, and the colonel was certainly not going to waste his time and energy making love to beautiful women unless there was something in it for him.
Kate Bornstein, A Queer and Pleasant Danger: The True Story of a Nice Jewish Boy Who Joins the Church of Scientology and Leaves Twelve Years Later to Become the Lovely Lady She is Today|Men have worked as essentially shop keepers and store clerks for a lot longer than they have worked on assembly lines. There have been waiters forever. Lawyers are the world's second oldest profession. Teaching was a male-only profession for centuries. The idea that men are and ought to be unreflective, grunting, two-fisted louts is a class thing, not a gender thing, and it is imposed upon working class men by a system that needs them to be beasts of burden.
Anonymous .|At times, the confident lose confidence, the patient lose their cool, the generous act selfish, and the knowledgeable second guess what they know. And guess what? We’re all human. We all make mistakes, we lose our tempers, and we get caught off guard. We stumble, we slip, and we spin out of control sometimes. But that’s usually the worst of it. We all have our moments. Most of the time, we’re remarkable. So stand beside the people you love through their trying times of imperfection, and offer yourself the same courtesy. For more tips on how to live a productive life, read "The Angel Affect" and join the mission.
Lois McMaster Bujold, Borders of Infinity|Power is better than revenge. Power is a live thing, by which you reach out to grasp the future. Revenge is a dead thing, reaching out from the past to grasp you.
Isa Quintin, LadyKiller|—Soy tu héroe, ya lo comprobarás. Y eso que es algo que no buscaba.—No te creas tan indispensable. —Di un paso atrás al retomar la postura y me encaminé a la salida. El paseo había terminado.—¿Sabes lo que dicen del destino?—No.—Que no puedes huir de él.
Myles Munroe|Inner beauty radiates from within, and there's nothing more beautiful than when a woman feels beautiful on the inside.
Sherwood Anderson, Winesburg, Ohio|In that high place in the darkness the two oddly sensitive human atoms held each other tightly and waited. In the mind of each was the same thought. "I have come to this lonely place and here is this other," was the substance of the thing felt.
Bryan Batt|I can't be as open on national television as I can when I'm having dinner with friends. But that doesn't mean the type of person I am is different. My values, my dislikes, my sense of humor are the same.
Robert  Black|Religion allows people to feel justified in acting out their primal instincts, that is, to assault, destroy, rape, and murder others, who they judge as being different and inferior to themselves.
|The moment you start to positively control your thoughts and beliefs, would be the day that nothing or no one would ever again succeed in controlling your destiny.
Chris Moriarty, Spin Control|Meanwhile here I am- Earthborn woman, a mere barbaric maula, geting deeper into Imperial Space with each passing light second. I should be trembling with fear, I suppouse. No. Let the Emperor tremble. Laylah is here!
Saint Augustine|There is no such thing as perpetual tranquillity of mind while we live here; because life itself is but motion, and can never be without desire, nor without fear, no more than without sense.
Pat Buchanan|By the end of World War II, we were the most powerful and least damaged of the great nations. We also had most of the money. America's hegemony lasted exactly five years.
Euripides, Medea|I know the difference between right and wrong. I understand the rules. But today I feel that the rules have been blurred, because today they were literally on my front doorstep.
Matthew Desmond|We are a country where people of all backgrounds, all nations of origin, all languages, all religions, all races, can make a home. America was built by immigrants.
Tracie Miles, Stressed-Less Living: Finding God's Peace in Your Chaotic World|What we view as God’s absence or lack of quickness to change our circumstances or fix our problems is really God waiting for the proper time to act on our behalf, while simultaneously waiting for us to acknowledge our need for rescue.
Clare Mackintosh, I Let You Go|I want to fix an image of him in my head, but all I can see when I close my eyes is his body, still and lifeless in my arms. I let him go, and I will never forgive myself for that.
Richard Jordan Gatling|I wanted to leave the whole war behind me, and yet I was seeing something on that battlefield that demanded commemoration. It was unholy ground, but I wanted to thank God for showing it to me. I would never again look at a man without wondering what crimes he was capable of committing. That seemed important to know.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|Do you ever wonder whether people would like you more or less if they could see inside you? But I always wonder about that. If people could see me the way I see myself—if they could live in my memories—would anyone, anyone, love me?
St John of the Cross|Charity is that with which no man is lost, and without which no man is saved.
Brian Molko|I had never been in love with anyone before in my life, but I knew the feeling when it came bursting into my soul, like a million butterflies swirling around inside of me, like a tidal wave crashing into the shore that was my heart, flooding it completely and wiping out everything in it's path...” - Nina Jean Slack, Once Lost, Forever Found (Vol. #1)
Simon Beckett|Be the thermostat in your community, the one who makes a change. Not the thermometer who, just watches
Mike  Norton|It is not what you can do for your country, but what you can do for all of mankind.
Lisa Wingate, The Prayer Box|We can only be our best by giving, and so we always need to be in the process of giving or preparing to give.
Dejan Stojanovic, Serbian Satire and Aphorisms|Through memory to knowledge on the way to stars that are stepping down to the stuffy rooms of modern bureaucrats, illuminating their ceilings, their horizons where everything is easily resolved by the piles of paper and recipes for how to live, create, run, eat, breathe, learn how to love, how to make love, how to sleep, how to dream, how happiness is achieved under the artificial stars of the new sky that emerged from the bureaucratic rooms of aspiring and impotent minds, unable to love, even though they had all their life to learn what they preach.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|SOUL SHINEYou know that thingYou do so well,That little sparkYou hideIn the dark,That you thinkNobodyKnowsAboutButYou?Well,Did you knowThatThere'sA sheenThat you beam,When you talkOr doAnything,That everyoneKnowsAboutButYou?
Winston Churchill|You never know what the future holds, so I am just enjoying being happy, healthy, and having my wonderful husband by my side.
Chuck Palahniuk, Invisible Monsters|Make me into anything, but just love me.
Lierre Keith, Deep Green Resistance: Strategy to Save the Planet|They ravaged neither the rivers nor the forest, and if they irrigated, they took as little water as would serve their needs. The land and all that it bore they treated with consideration; not attempting to improve it, they never desecrated it.
Jenna Morasca|No matter how much time you spend reading books or following your intuition, you're gonna screw it up. Fifty times. You can't do parenting right.
Reza Aslan, Zealot: The Life and Times of Jesus of Nazareth|Paul's portrayal of Jesus as Christ may sound familiar to contemporary Christians—it has since become the standard doctrine of the church—but it would have been downright bizarre to Jesus's Jewish followers. The transformation of the Nazarean into a divine, preexistent, literal son of God whose death and resurrection launch a new genus of eternal beings responsible for judging the world has no basis in any writings about Jesus that are even remotely contemporary with Paul's (a firm indication that Paul's Christ was likely his own creation).
Luca Ferrarini|Why him?He was as likely to offer me security and safety as a violent terrorist holding a gun to my head.So why I had chosen him?Because he had charmed me into a love affair,had truly convinced me he was madly in love with me.
Frédéric Gros, A Philosophy of Walking|But just a vibration among the trees and stones, on the paths. Walking to breathe in the landscape. Every step an inspiration born to die immediately, well beyond the oeuvre. I like to walk at my ease, and to stop when I like. A wandering life is what I want. To walk through a beautiful country in fine weather, without being obliged to hurry, and with a pleasant prospect at the end, is of all kinds of life the one most suited to my taste.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|Above all shadows rides the Sunand Stars for ever dwell:I will not say the Day is done,nor bid the Stars farewell.
Charmaine Theron|Always believe in yourself because you never know,your time could be now.
J.C. McKenzie, Beast Coast|As soon as I stepped onto the train, I knew why Shifters and Weres shunned the contraptions like E.coli avoided antibacterial agents on a petri dish. It smelled. Badly. A putrid mix of old man, sweaty socks, and cigarettes. My nose hairs didn't shrivel; they curled into the fetal position before they withered and died, leaving my nasal passage a dry, barren wasteland no longer capable of being harmed by the olfactory assault.
Natalie S. Bober, Papa Is a Poet: A Story About Robert Frost|The world is full of magical places, and the library has always been one of them for me. A library can be that special place for our children.
George Jean Nathan|However, frat-boy humor is funny and it always will be.
Chrissy Teigen|A pet store is a celebration of dogs' existence and an explosion of options. About cats, a pet store seems to say, 'Here, we couldn't think of anything else.' Cats are the Hanukkah of the animal world in this way. They are feted quietly and happily by a minority, but there's only so much hoopla applicable to them.
Pen|Pretend to give consent to the advice of others, but if you find it suitable,take it. But if out of the right view, despise and cast it away
M.H. Rakib, The Cavalier|Today, man has been mired in invalidness up to such an extent, that being suspicious about reality isn't in his hand.
Madeleine Roux, The Asylum Novellas: The Scarlets / The Bone Artists / The Warden|Are you depressed?""What? I don't know. Probably. Isn't everyone?
Hamza Yusuf|Just now at Magrib Salah, a very old man was standing next 2 me, he was exactly behind the imam so he must b the 1st one in the masjid, it was difficult for him to stand but he stood with shivering hands and feet using the support of a stick, while saying takbir he only raised 1 hand coz the other hand was on the stick, supporting him in standing, while in ruku, he placed the handle of the stick near his shoulder and supported his whole body on the stick, if he coming to masjid to offer salah in my time, what excuse will I give to Allah?
Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays|HAMM:Yesterday! What does that mean? Yesterday!CLOV (violently):That means that bloody awful day, long ago, before this bloody awful day. I use the words you taught me. If they don't mean anything any more, teach me others. Or let me be silent.(Pause.)
Vivian Amis|People that hurt others, only act on a pain they feel themselves.
Charles L. Bailey Jr., In the Shadow of the Cross|God's voice is usually nothing more than a whisper, and you have to listen very carefully to hear it. But other times, in those rarest of moments, the answer is obvious and rings as loud as a church bell.
Richelle Mead, Blood Promise|He'd written me up a proposal of why dating him was a sound decision. It had included things like "I'll give up cigarettes unless I really, really need one" and "I'll unleash romantic surprises every week, such as: an impromptu picnic, roses, or a trip to Paris—but not actually any of those things because now they're not surprises.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|For certain you can be helped, should you accept it. But as far as being made...no one can do that. This occurred on the day you were born. An earth day is not a birth day. Own what you create as well as what you break.
Laura Wright LaRoche|Voice is not just the sound that comes from your throat, but the feelings that come from your words.
Courtney Cole, If You Stay|Sometimes, at the least opportune times, the past is an insomniac, alive and well.
Sandra Dallas, Prayers for Sale|In contrast to your usual minions, I imagine, I’m a bit more awed by your conceit and arrogance than I am by your supposed magnificence.
Tom Wolfe, The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test|A person has all sorts of lags built into him, Kesey is saying. One, the most basic, is the sensory lag, the lag between the time your senses receive something and you are able to react. One-thirtieth of a second is the time it takes, if you are the most alert person alive, and most people are a lot slower than that. Now Cassady is right up against that 1/30th of a second barrier. He is going as fast as a human can go, but even he can't overcome it. He is a living example of how close you can come, but it can't be done. You can't go any faster than that. You can't through sheer speed overcome the lag. We are all of us doomed to spend the rest of our lives watching a movie of our lives - we are always acting on what has just finished happening. It happened at least 1/30th of a second ago. We think we are in the present, but we aren't. The present we know is only a movie of the past, and we will really never be able to control the present through ordinary means. That lag has to be overcome some other way, through some kind of total breakthrough.
Ellen Hopkins, Identical|I just want that, the way I feel when you kiss me. Just having it makes all the bad things better.
Agatha Christie, Destination Unknown|This was genius at close quarters, and genius had that something above normal in it that was a great strain upon the ordinary mind and feeling. All five were different from each other, yet each had that curious quality of burning intensity, the single-mindedness of purpose that made such a terrifying impression. She did not know whether it were a quality of brain or rather a quality of outlook, of intensity. But each of them, she thought, was in his or her way a passionate idealist.
Jennifer Donnelly, A Northern Light|I don't know what I was hoping for. Some small praise, I guess. A bit of encouragement. I didn't get it. Miss Parrish took me aside one day after school let out. She said she'd read my stories and found them morbid and dispiriting. She said literature was meant to uplift the heart and that a young woman such as myself ought to turn her mind to topics more cheerful and inspiring than lonely hermits and dead children."Look around yourself, Mathilda," she said. "At the magnificence of nature. It should inspire joy and awe. Reverence. Respect. Beautiful thoughts and fine words."I had looked around. I'd seen all the things she'd spoken of and more besides. I'd seen a bear cub lift it's face to the drenching spring rains. And the sliver moon of winter, so high and blinding. I'd seen the crimson glory of a stand of sugar maples in autumn and the unspeakable stillness of a mountain lake at dawn. I'd seen them and loved them. But I'd also seen the dark of things. The starved carcasses of winter deer. The driving fury of a blizzard wind. And the gloom that broods under the pines always. Even on the brightest days.
Diane Goold, Diane's Daily Devotions: A Daily Scripture Study with Devotional Development|Now, what happens if you eliminate anything from the Bible that offends your sensibility and crosses your will? If you pick and choose what you want to believe and reject the rest, how will you ever have a God who can contradict you? You won't! You'll have ...A God, essentially, of your own making, and not a God with whom you can have a relationship and genuine interaction. Only if your God can say things that outrage you and make you struggle (as in a real friendship or marriage!) will you know that you have gotten hold of a real God and not a figment of your imagination. So an authoritative Bible is not the enemy of a personal relationship with God. It is the precondition for it.
Ikkyu|Many paths lead from the foot of the mountain, but at the peak we all gaze at the single bright moon.
John Christopher|More and more I had come to see the Capped as lacking what seemed to me the essence of humanity, the vital spark of defiance against the rulers of the world.
Anonymous|The rich can be "eccentric " the poor have to be considered "nuts."
Bertrand Russell|The Three D's of Creating True Happiness For All.......Declutter - Remove all unwanted items from your home,Donate - to your local charity, Deduct - Save money by claiming your donation on your tax return
Cathy Lamb, Such A Pretty Face|Juniper laughed for real, but one of those fake smiles he considered a plague of the Caucasian race followed. If you’re sad, be sad, he wanted to say.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Surrendering is intentionally laying down the power I possess. And have I considered that the power I lay down is often more powerful than that which I’m laying it down in front of? Therefore, I would be wise to recognize that surrender is less the absence of power and more the presence of fear.
Takashi Murakami|I still feel that in India we look upon sports as a recreational activity - which it is - but people have to understand that there is a career in sports. It's not just necessary to be a doctor or a lawyer or an engineer, as most of us Indians appear to think that our children should grow up to be.
Michael   Lewis, Flash Boys: A Wall Street Revolt|The U.S. stock market was now a class system, rooted in speed, of haves and have-nots. The haves paid for nanoseconds; the have-nots had no idea that nanoseconds had value. The haves enjoyed a perfect view of the market; the have-nots never saw the market at all.
Scott Hastie|Be content to love, to dazzle in the light,If only for moments…And then be gone,With gladness in your heart,Before the creeping shadowsClaim too much your sadness at leaving.
Hilary Grossman, Dangled Carat|Sabine used to maintain that preparation for a dance is comparable to what goes on in the back room of a butcher's shop: the meat for consumption is sliced and dressed and put in nice little paper packages, ready for the kitchen.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Sometimes it's important to dare to dream - small or big - like Mandela, Gandhi, Winfrey, Obama, Malala and Dr King. From Einstein to Hawking - the skies no limit. From Ali to the Williams sisters - through trials and talent find the champions within. Like my mother did to raise great kids. Like the one or many who run with this. Like the unsung heroes in every city and village. Like the kind of heart and selfless healers. Like every act of kindness you ever did and received. Like the human spirit beyond class, colour and creed. Like every soul who has raised our consciousness. From one to all - love IS all we have and need.
G.K. Chesterton, William Blake|When conversion takes place, the process of revelation occurs in a very simple way — a person is in need, he suffers, and then somehow the other world opens up. The more you are in suffering and difficulties and are 'desperate' for God, the more He is going to come to your aid, reveal Who He is and show you the way out...
Sunday Adelaja, How To Overcome The Fear Of Death|If you can practice the rule of ten thousand hours, you will be amazed to find out how easy it is to become the best in that your area of calling.
Hailey Abbott, Getting Lost with Boys|Never let a boy know you’re crazy about him. He’ll lose interest, and then you’ll be a loser.
S.D. Lawendowski, Snapped|We are all a great deal luckier that we realize, we usually get what we want - or near enough.
Sarah Kernochan, Jane Was Here|If it is our destiny to be hit by the train, we will be hit by the train. The only thing we can change is how the train turns us into a hamburger.
Tennessee Williams, Collected Stories|And it was about then, about that time, that I began to find life unsatisfactory as an explanation of itself and was forced to adopt the method of the artist of not explaining but putting the blocks together in some other way that seems more significant to him. Which is a rather fancy way of saying I started writing.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|I am not proud that i know so much. I am humbled that there is so much to learn, and i haven't been able to understand the little i have been priviledged to know.
Peter Matthiessen, The Snow Leopard|It is as if I have entered what the Tibetans call the Bardo-literally, between-two-existences- a dreamlike hallucination that precedes reincarnation, not necessarily in human form…In case I should need them, instructions for passage through the Bardo are contained in the Tibetan book of the dead- a guide for the living since it teaches that a man’s last thoughts will determine the quality of his reincarnation.
Seanan McGuire, A Red-Rose Chain|You said it was colorful. What changed?""I don't know. Maybe nothing. I just— I don't actually remember the dreams when I wake up any more.""So how do you know you still have them?" Pag asked.Fuck it I thought, and tipped back the last of my pint in a single gulp. "I know.""How?"I frowned, taken aback. I had to think for a few moments before I remembered."I wake up smiling," I said.
Kate McGahan, The Lizard from Rainbow Bridge: A True Tale of an Unexpected Angel|When a friend suddenly comes to mind for no apparent reason, he said it’s because they are near to us in thought or spirit. He explained that a connection takes place on the thought waves that run between us. Thoughts are things that can reach out and touch us.
Benny Green|That was when I realised that music is the most profound, magical form of communication there is.
Marilyn Monroe|I follow three rules: Do the right thing, do the best you can, and always show people you care.
Rainer Maria Rilke|Hi, this is Ganymede, cup-bearer to Zeus, and when I'm out buying wine for the Lord of the Skies, I always buckle up!
Holly Schindler|I have yet to be completely submerged in reality, for drowning in the sky.
Sarah Brightman|At the age of 16, my father's father dropped dead of a heart attack. And I think it changed the course of his life, and he became fascinated with death. He then became a medical doctor and obviously fought death tooth and nail for his patients.
|Congratulations!Today is your dayYou're off to great placesYou're off and awayYou've got brains in your headYou've got feet in your shoesYou can steer yourself anyDirection you chooseYou're on your ownAnd you know what you knowAnd you are the guyWho'll decide where you goOut there things can happenAnd frequently doTo people as brainyAnd footsy as youAnd will you succeed?Yes you will indeed!(98 and 3/4 percent guaranteed)You're off to great placesToday is your dayYour mountain is waitingGo, get on your way!
Hesiod|…Perses, hear me out on justice, and take what I have to say to heart; cease thinking of violence. For the son of Kronos, Zeus, has ordained this law to men: that fishes and wild beasts and winged birds should devour one another, since there is no justice in them; but to mankind he gave justice which proves for the best.
Pearl  Zhu, Unpuzzling Innovation: Mastering Innovation Management in a Structural Way|The mindset, vision, competency, capability, culture and marketing opportunity are all great starting point for business model innovation.
Eve Merriam|I dream of giving birth to a child who will ask, Mother, what was war?
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Take the initiative with deliberate steps to be a polite person:1.	Cover your mouth when you cough or sneeze.2.	Reciprocate a thoughtful word or a good deed in kind.3.	Say "excuse me" when you bump into someone, unintentionally violate someone’s space, or need to get someone’s attention.4.	Apologize when you’ve made a mistake or are in the wrong.5.	Live by the "Golden Rule" and treat others the way you would like to be treated.6.	When dining at home or in a restaurant, wait until everyone is served before eating your meal.7.	Acknowledge notable events like birthdays, weddings, and anniversaries.8.	Reply to invitations, regardless of whether you will be able to attend. 9.	Acknowledge and show gratitude for gifts and gestures of hospitality.10.	Put things back where they belong. Leave the world a better place than how you found it.
Jen Golembiewski|A book is just as magical to write as it is to read, it takes you on a journey that changes you in the end.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|No area of human life is so full of difficulties and heartaches as relationships. If you listed everything that upset you during the past week, I suspect most had to do with other people. People can be selfless and kind, but they can also be difficult, stubborn, ego-driven, thoughtless, mean, selfish, manipulative. But the problem is not just other people; it’s also ourselves.
Johnny Rich, The Human Script|Doing nothing was as honourable as any available course of action. Think of Hamlet, think of Job, think of Jesus before Pilate.
Orson Welles, Citizen Kane|A toast, Jedediah, to love on my terms. Those are the only terms anybody ever knows - his own.
Steve Jobs|As a former Airman First Class in the United States Air Force, like many veterans in America, my military experience played an important part in instilling in me a sense of character and discipline that has served me throughout my life.
Shannon L. Alder|The difference between a moral person and a person of honor is that the latter regrets a discreditable act, made out of weakness and tries to make amends with their life when they find the opportunity to say they are sorry is lost.
Patty Jenkins|For every dancer, no matter how amazing your career, there's more to life than ballet. Being adored by your audience, it's only part of the story.
Daniel Handler, Adverbs|Their Love said, “Made for Each Other”Our Love says, “Made from Each Other
Debasish Mridha|If you think like a leader, act like a leader, inspire like a leader then you are a leader.
Sophie Kinsella|It was not long before I discovered that withdrawing addicts lost their composure in exactly the same manner that careless millionaires lose their money: gradually, then suddenly.
Deyth Banger|If we can change the world let's do it now, not later!
Jennifer Block|Beyond the immediate risks to her health and the health of her baby, when a woman chooses c-section, she decreases the chance that she will be able to get pregnant again and increases the chance that if she does get pregnant, the pregnancy will occur outside the uterus, a situation that never results in a live baby and is life-threatening to the woman. Furthermore, the risk of having an unexplained stillbirth doubles when a woman has had a previous c-section.
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|In a mad world, only the mad are sane.
Sherwood Anderson, A Story Teller's Story|Not so many moons ago, he had been able to run to the summit of the temple without losing a single breath; however, now he felt like an old camel that laboured under a load of corn. Years pass so quickly, and the dreams of youth are lost forever.
Clay Shirky|One of the greatest features of science is that it doesn't matter where you were born, and it doesn't matter what the belief systems of your parents might have been: If you perform the same experiment that someone else did, at a different time and place, you'll get the same result.
Karen Chance, Curse the Dawn|This isn't sex."I blinked. "Oh. Then what is it?""An emergency!"I started to argue and then thought twice about it. Considering what Mircea would do to Pritkin if he ever found out about this...Yeah. Emergency sounded good.
George Bernard Shaw, Authors on Film|Didn't open the box? What was it last time? Didn't know what it was? And yet we do keep finding each other, don't we? - Cenobite
Sanchita Pandey, Cancer to Cure|E.M. Ashford: And death shall be no more" comma "death, thou shalt die." Nothing but a breath, a comma separates life from life everlasting.E.M. Ashford: Very simple, really. With the original punctuation restored Death is no longer something to act out on a stage with exclamation marks. It is a comma. A pause.E.M. Ashford: In this way, the uncompromising way one learns something from the poem, wouldn't you say? Life, death, soul, God, past present. Not insuperable barriers. Not semi-colons. Just a comma.
Pearl  Zhu, It Innovation: Reinvent It for the Digital Age|For IT, information management is fundamental, and innovation management is value-added.
Joseph Conrad|The ironic fact is that humanism which began with man's being central eventually had no real meaning for people. On the other hand, if one begins with the Bible's position that man is created by God and in the image of God, there is a basis for that person's dignity.
River Phoenix|I can honestly say that I was never affected by the question of the success of an undertaking. If I felt it was the right thing to do, I was for it regardless of the possible outcome.
Deyth Banger|You can receive $900 or even $1,000 but when you don't appreaciate this money they don't have value.
Jonathan  Dunne, Hearts Anonymous|Seeing his daughter slowly die, coupled with his infinite sadness and misery, the clockmaker becomes a recluse to the tower of the castle and begins to build something behind closed doors, not even his daughter knows what he’s up to. For five years, she only sees him briefly at meal-times before locking himself up in the tower once again...""...Did he have a bathroom in the tower?""Yes, Jack. A big one! En-suite! Power-shower and spa! Where was I!?
Joe Mari Fadrigalan|He saw for the first time that he had never known fear because, against any disaster, he had held the omnipotent cure of being able to act.
Virginia  Martin, Faith Without Borders: A Devotional to Inspire You to Step Out in Faith.|God has already been in your tomorrow, and is working on your today.
Shannon Kopp, Pound for Pound: A Story of One Woman's Recovery and the Shelter Dogs Who Loved Her Back to Life|:...For animals and birds are like people, too, though they do not talk the same or do the same things. Without them the earth would be an unhappy place.
David Sedaris|My hands tend to be full enough dealing with people who hate me for who I am. Concentrate too hard on the millions of people who hate you for what you are and you're likely to turn into one of those unkempt, sloppy dressers who sag beneath the weight of the two hundred political buttons they wear pinned to their coats and knapsacks.
Poppet, Aisyx|It is said that our destiny is set, predetermined before conception. But I myself, have never been a believer…
Ursula K. Le Guin, From Elfland to Poughkeepsie|Let us consider Elfland as a great national park, a vast and beautiful place where a person goes by himself, on foot, to get in touch with reality in a special, private, profound fashion. But what happens when it is considered merely as a place to "get away to"?Well, you know what has happened to Yosemite. Everybody comes, not with an ax and a box of matches, but in a trailer with a motorbike on the back and a motorboat on top and a butane stove, five aluminum folding chairs, and a transistor radio on the inside. They arrive totally encapsulated in a secondhand reality. And then they move on to Yellowstone, and it's just the same there, all trailers and transistors. They go from park to park, but they never really go anywhere; except when one of them who thinks that even the wildlife isn't real gets chewed up by a genuine, firsthand bear.The same sort of thing seems to be happening to Elfland, lately.
James Whitcomb Riley|He Is Not DeadI cannot say, and I will not sayThat he is dead. He is just away.With a cheery smile, and a wave of the hand,He has wandered into an unknown landAnd left us dreaming how very fairIt needs must be, since he lingers there.And you—oh you, who the wildest yearnFor an old-time step, and the glad return,Think of him faring on, as dearIn the love of There as the love of Here.Think of him still as the same. I say,He is not dead—he is just away.
bell hooks|Again and again a man would tell me about early childhood feelings of emotional exuberance, of unrepressed joy, of feeling connected to life and to other people, and then a rupture happened, a disconnect, and that feeling of being loved, of being embraced, was gone. Somehow the test of manhood, men told me, was the willingness to accept this loss, to not speak it even in private grief. Sadly, tragically, these men in great numbers were remembering a primal moment of heartbreak and heartache: the moment that they were compelled to give up their right to feel, to love, in order to take their place as patriarchal men.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|Oh, leave it,” said Jem, kicking Will, not without affection, lightly on the ankle. “She’s annexed my plan!” “Will,” Tessa said firmly. “Do you care more about the plan being enacted or about getting credit for it?” Will pointed a finger at her. “That,” he said. “The second one.
Mary MacLane, The Story of Mary Maclane & Other Writings|I am lithe, but fragile from constant involuntary self-analysis.
Thomas   Moore|I thought that the light-house looked lovely as hope,That star on life's tremulous ocean.
Sam Hunt|Don't give up, be positive and if you know someone who knows someone at a record company don't stop beating down their door till you get heard. Don't ever say it'll never happen or it'll never happen.
Sylvia Day|Ask any venture capitalist, and they will tell you that they consider the experience and completeness of the founding team to be a more important factor in their investment decision than the technology that is being built.
William C. Dietz|The tobacco control movement provides a good model for how to achieve massive societal changes. In 1965, over 50 percent of men and 34 percent of women smoked. By 2010, only 23.5 percent of men and 17.9 percent of women were smoking (CDC 2011). These numbers represent one of the twentieth century’s most important public health achievements.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Anyone can write a holy book, if he feels god is calling him to do so
Catherynne M. Valente, The Bread We Eat in Dreams|The insurance companies involved had all claimed that this was, by any reasonable standards, an act of God. But, Dirk had argued, which god? Britain was constitutionally a Christian monotheistic state, and therefore any “act of God” defined in a legal document must refer to the Anglican chap in the stained glass and not to some polytheistic thug from Norway.
Joe Scarborough|Some people call it the 'Al Jazeera spirit' - courage, re-thinking authority, giving a voice to the voiceless. We have never been favored by the authority. The human being is the center of our editorial policy. We are not a TV station that rushes after stars, big names, press conferences, hand-shake journalism.
Tracy L. Darity, The Red Bear Society|…the primary trait of young adult literature is that the author’s emphasis is on plot and character and not on his own brilliance. And because few people talk about whether a young adult work is commercial or literary; the two are still in sync, and everyone’s benefitting.
Terry Pratchett, Johnny and the Dead|Our zeal works wonders, whenever it supports our inclination toward hatred, cruelty, ambition.
Henry Hon, ONE: Unfolding God's Eternal Purpose from House to House|Every believer is called to teach and each needs to exercise toward this function. Otherwise, they will remain a babe and never mature. Sharing what the believer has learned should begin as soon as a person comes to know the Lord.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Never, never doubt who you are!
Bill Bryson, At Home: A Short History of Private Life|I said that additionally, since I was planning to nurse, it be best if you were off the breast before I came back to work. My boss just looked at me dreamily and said, 'That won't be for sixty years, at least.
Emily Brontë, Poetry of Hope: Classics of Inspirational Verse|The gray sea and the long black land; And the yellow half-moon large and low: And the startled little waves that leap In fiery ringlets from their sleep, As I gain the cove with pushing prow,And quench its speed i’ the slushy sand.
H.G. Wells, A Modern Utopia|But in truth, a general prohibition in a state may increase the sum of liberty, and a general permission may diminish it. It does not follow, as these people would have us believe, that a man is more free where there is least law and more restricted where there is most law.
Hilary Mantel, Bring Up the Bodies|Riding a bull must be a bit like flying an ultralight. You get up there and have an exhilarating ride, but then you still have to get down.
Hans Selye|To make a great dream come true, you must first have a great dream.
Caspar David Friedrich|Solitude is a virtue for us, since it is a sublime inclination and impulse to cleanliness which shows that contact between people, “society”, inevitably makes things unclean. Somewhere, sometime, every community makes people—“base.
Catherine Robinson-Walker, Leading Valiantly in Healthcare: Four Steps to Sustainable Success|If you allow your passion and vitality to remain hidden or unexpressed, you won't live into the fullest expression of who you can be.
Milan Kundera, Ignorance|Until then her view of time was the present moving forward and devouring the future; she either feared its swiftness (when she was awaiting something difficult) or rebelled at its slowness (when she was awaiting something fine). Now time has a very different look; it is no longer the conquering present capturing the future; it is the present conquered and captured and carried off by the past. She sees a young man disconnecting himself from her life and going away, forevermore out of her reach. Mesmerized, all she can do is watch this piece of her life move off; all she can do is watch it and suffer. She is experiencing a brand-new feeling called nostalgia.
Lisa Mischelle Wood, Just Believe: A Collection of Christian Poetry and Photo-Quotes|The key, Gansey found, was that you had to believe that they existed; you had to realized they were part of something bigger. Some secrets only gave themselves up to those who'd proven themselves worthy.
Naomi Wolf, Fire with Fire: New Female Power and How It Will Change the Twenty-First Century|I was used to being perceived as having a good attitude. Self-control, self-effacement, self-denial. People like this, especially in girls.
Letitia Landon|Whatever people in general do not understand, they are always prepared to dislike; the incomprehensible is always the obnoxious.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Society has a herd psychology, so until we have more good shepherds we are lost.
Debbianne DeRose, Manifesting for Simpletons: a 30-Day Outrageously Simple Guide to Gettin' the Goods|When you decide to appreciate something, no matter how subtle, you absolutely do pivot and shift your vibration significantly.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|We are all connected; To each other, biologically. To the earth, chemically. To the rest of the universe atomically.
Jim Butcher, Skin Game|he talked until their food arrived, littering his chat with references to ‘ninety k’ and ‘a quarter of a mill’, and every sentence was angled, like a mirror, to show him in the best possible light: his cleverness, his quick thinking, his besting of slower, stupider yet more senior colleagues...
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|How do you enter a room? How do you walk into a job interview? How do you approach a sales prospect for the first time? Accomplished leaders know that the way they make an entrance can project their confidence and set the tone for their interaction with others. Use your poise, postures, and gestures to make it grand.
Elizabeth McCracken|I can write anywhere. But I don't use a computer, and I could never write on a laptop. I hate the sound of computers; it's too dull, like it's not doing anything for you.
Kristiane Backer, From MTV to Mecca: How Islam Inspired My Life|CORE ADOREOur true worth lies in our character, not in our accomplishments
Kim Casali|Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.
Terry Pratchett, Hogfather|Like the layers of an onion, under the first lie is another, and under that another, and they all make you cry.
Drew Nellins Smith, Arcade|Who are "THEY", you are one of "They" and they are the people/humans.
Thomas Pierce, Hall of Small Mammals: Stories|I thought I had nothing to be grateful for today, but then the universe became quiet a moment so I could hear my heart beat to the rhythm of my life.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|I'm sorry about yesterday," she said.He hung on to his straps and shrugged. "Yesterday happens.
Stella Payton|Its all about perspective, that is how you look at things. Your own thoughts and outlook defines whether an experience, event, situation whatever is good or bad. And your definition determines your response.
Tera Lynn Childs, Sweet Venom|There's my baby!" I cried, quite carried away, "There's my poochiekins!"..."Sadie," My dad said firmly, "Please do not refer to the devourer of souls as 'poochiekins'.
Ray Lamontagne, God Willin' & the Creek Don't Rise|Now the wren has gone to roost and the sky is turnin' goldAnd like the sky my soul is also turnin'Turnin' from the past, at last and all I've left behind
Debasish Mridha|With love and kindness, grow peace in your mind and then spread it with joy.
E.P. Sanders|The Incarnation of Christ raised the energy of everything. And when Hopkins placed his conviction of this into poetry, he tended to mention electricity, lightening, fire, flash, flame. He wrote in his late, great poem, "That Nature is a Heraclitean Fire and the comfort of the Resurrection": 'In a flash, at a trumpet crash, / I am all at once what Christ is, / since he was what I am and / This jack, joke, poor potsherd, / patch matchwood, immortal diamond, / Is immortal diamond.
Nikki Sixx|I am pushing you, even if it’s off a cliff, to create. Write that book, that song; pore over the concept of redecorating your life. I meet people all the time who say they’re not creative. Bullshit, motherfuckers, you are creative.
Blake Crouch, Dark Matter|Get correct views of life, and learn to see the world in its true light. It will enable you to live pleasantly, to do good, and, when summoned away, to leave without regret.
Sunday Adelaja|Falsehoods, rob the good in the hood, of the good wood. The good wood, that the good in the hood are descended from, is their birthright.
Gayle Forman, Where She Went|There are so many things that demand to be said. Where did you go? Do you ever think about me? You've ruined me. Are you okay? But of course, I can't say any of that.
Eileen Polk|We live in a drug culture! Drugs are everywhere and touted as the panacea for every ailment in our society. We have drugs for hyper children, drugs for depression—some of the most insidious drugs ever—, drugs for allergies, drugs for acne, drugs for emphysema and drugs for erectile disfunction—maybe the most useful of them all. And let’s not forget the side effects of these wonder drugs! It’s cliche to even talk about drug advertisements and the laundry list of side effects tacked onto the end of them, usually rattled off at warp speed by someone on loan from the local auction house. I’ve seen ads for acne medicines that include side effects that are potentially fatal! Seriously? “Hey! Buy our Acne-Magic Drug! You’ll have crystal clear skin! In your coffin!” What the hell is wrong with us?
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Your poise, postures, and gestures are the physical manifestations of your attitudes, perceptions, belief systems, self-esteem, feelings, and engagement. Be sure to know if they are working well or hindering the actualization of your potential. Being the architect for your habitual patterns of non-verbal language, you have the power to change any of it at any time.
Jandy Nelson, I'll Give You the Sun|Maybe a person is just made up of a lot of people," I say. "Maybe we're accumulating these new selves all the time.
Rebecca McNutt, Bittersweet Symphony|Bernie believed in God. He believed that God wanted people to enjoy life to the fullest, not drench themselves in aversion and prejudice.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|No decision-making system is going to guarantee corporate success. The strategic decisions that corporations have to make are of mind-numbing complexity. But we know that the more power you give a single individual in the face of complexity and uncertainty, the more likely it is that bad decisions will get made.
Debasish Mridha|How I’d managed to sit still for the majority of the conversation and be controlled, without ripping my knickers off, throwing them over my head and swinging my bra around my fingers in a come and get me gesture, I had no idea.
John Maeda|We can just assume they have much more and powerful, more advanced technology, all the new computers, everything could be much more easier and help them to build much more and many more nuclear weapons.
Elizabeth Leiknes, The Understory|There once was a woman named Story Easton who couldn't decide if she should kill herself, or eat a double cheeseburger.
Monika Zands|Never settle; if it doesn't feel right, it's not suppose to.
Mark Hewer|always be positive, don't depend on others
Calvin Trillin, Feeding a Yen: Savoring Local Specialties, from Kansas City to Cuzco|To experience biophilia is to love a diversity that, as limitless as it is fragile, both haunts us and fills us with hope. 
Imre Kertész, Liquidation|Kurti had believed in politics, and politics had deceived him, the way politics deceives everyone.
Jennifer Ho-Dougatz|When we over emphasis that we need God for every little thing, then we begin to depend on miracles.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Truth is Evidence of Love. And, Nothing Can Stop the Power of Trusting and Loving Unconditionally.
Jeanie Thompson|If you are silent, if I never learn one fraction more of your soul's equation/I know you.
Jay Woodman|I see, eye see, what my heart feels, soul knows. In flowing sound and glowing scenes, I touch the living dream.
Nicole  Lyons|Life is just a slide. Back and forth between loving and leaving, remembering and forgetting, holding on and letting go.
Irwin Redlener|These are important reforms. Infrastructure, education, health, hospitals, closing the gap with indigenous Australians. Also the Apology to the first Australians. As Prime Minister of the country I am proud of each and every one of these achievements.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|I don't understand why you're so obsessed with figuring out everything that happens here, like we have to unravel every mystery.
Nikki Rosen, In The Eye Of Deception: A True Story|I didn't want to remember...yet in remembering, it dawned on me - finally - just how far down God had reached to free me.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|The grand castle in Cartigo, the capital city of Cierith, stood high against the full moon and cast a heavy shadow across the city. The forest surrounding the city whispered eerily throughout the night, and the townspeople bolted their doors shut in fear of the soldiers who patrolled the streets looking for an excuse to arrest someone. The man responsible for this tyranny, on the other hand, sat comfortably on his stolen throne and ruled the land with an iron fist.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|I travel to know where I fit into the world, and where I don’t.
Mrs. Oliphant, Miss Marjoribanks|There is a great deal in choosing colours that go well with one's complexion. People think of that for their dresses, but not for their rooms., which are of so much more importance. I should have liked blue, but blue gets so soon tawdry. I think, (...) that I have enough complexion at present to venture upon a pale spring green.
Odysseus Elytis, Open Papers|Love is for every age auspicious,But for the virginal and youngIts impulses are more propitiousLike vernal storms on meadows sprung:They freshen in the rain of passion,Ripening in their renovation –And life, empowered, sends up shootsOf richest blooms and sweetest fruits.But at a late age, dry and fruitless,The final stage to which we’re led,Sad is the trace of passions dead:Thus storms in autumn, cold and ruthless,Transform the field into a slough,And strip the trees from root to bough.
Richard Holloway|I have a concept of Naples that is not so much of a city, per se, but rather an ingredient of the human spirit that I detect in everyone, Neapolitan or not. The idea that 'Neapolitanism' and mass ignorance are somehow indissolubly linked is one that I am prepared to fight with all the strength I have.
Valerie Martin, The Confessions of Edward Day|(A) trip to the attic is an excursion into history, and...all over the world the present unravels beneath the stored detritus of the past; that's what attics are for.
Jincy Willett, The Writing Class|(T)here are worse things than falling on your face right out of college...Like instant, unearned success. Like getting your first novel accepted by the first publisher you send it to. Like getting your first rejection slip at the age of thirty-five.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Whatever happens to your body, your soul will survive, untouched...
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets|Jealousy, that dragon which slays love under the pretence of keeping it alive. 
Kenneth Eade, Predatory Kill|The rules of war for federal court were contained in the 86 rules of federal civil procedure, the rules of the local federal court, and the courtroom rules of the particular federal judge.
Rachel Hartman, Seraphina|Even in dying, a Thennanin ship was reputed to be not worth putting out of its misery. In battle they were slow, unmaneuverable—and as hard to disable permanently as a cockroach.
Deval Patrick|Funny story: I was hanging out with Adam Shankman for Samantha Ronson's birthday, and Lance Bass was there. I don't really know Lance, but he comes over to me and goes, 'Hey, I just wanted to let you know I'm a fan of 'Pretty Little Liars' and I'm rooting for your character.' It was surreal! That's how 'PLL' has changed my life.
Henny Youngman|As God has not made anything useless in this world, as all beings fulfill obligations or a role in the sublime drama of Creation, I cannot exempt from this duty, and small though it be, I too have a mission to fill, as for example: alleviating the sufferings of my fellowmen.
John R. Perry, The Art of Procrastination: A Guide to Effective Dawdling, Lollygagging and Postponing|When I was a young philosopher, I asked a senior colleague, Pat Suppes (then and now a famous philosopher of science and an astute student of human nature), what the secret of happiness was. Instead of giving me advice, he made a rather droll observation about what a lot of people who were happy with themselves seem to have done, namely:1. Take a careful inventory of their shortcomings and flaws2. Adopt a code of values that treats these things as virtues3. Admire themselves for living up to itBrutal people admire themselves for being manly; compulsive pedants admire themselves for their attention to detail; naturally selfish and mean people admire themselves for their dedication to helping the market reward talent and punish failure, and so on.
Holly Madison|It's never been an issue for me - I don't want to go on a diet, I don't want to eat a Caesar salad with no dressing, why would I do that? I ain't got time for this, just be happy and don't be stupid. If I've got a boyfriend and he loves my body then I'm not worried.
Elle A. Rose, Wayward Love|You know I want to be a directos, but you could never truly see the movies in my head and that, Ed, is why we broke up.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Building trust takes long- years, sometimes decades. It takes a second, a word, or a misstep to lose it. Regaining trust takes even longer.
Sarah Bakewell, At the Existentialist Café: Freedom, Being, and Apricot Cocktails|people who believed the world to be an undignified,inglorious place, and who spent their evenings and nightstalking on and on about the mistakes others had made. They werepeople whom solitude had made into the judges of the world,whose verdicts were scattered to the four winds for whoever caredto listen
Nancy Fornataro, Nicky's Fire|I will keep my bulk. All of it, if ye dinna mind. I will have need of it, thank ye." Derrick
Sunday Adelaja|You need to find your gift, something that differs you from others
Buddha|I love new places, new people, new ideas. I love cultural differences, and I'm fascinated by the truth - all the different versions of it.
Albert Camus, Notebooks, 1935-1951|We are all in such a hurry, we want everything at once. We believe that all truth can be stated in a few minutes. The answer to that is that it cannot.
Debbie Viguié, Kiss of Revenge|Oh, my God!" Ignatius bellowed from the front of the house. "What an egregious insult to good taste.
Tim Wu, The Attention Merchants: The Epic Scramble to Get Inside Our Heads|For irrelevancy to be cancelled in the church, let kingdom priority and pursuit be restored
Rae Hachton, Frankie's Monster|With that, I splashed some water on my face, fixed on a smile, and stepped out. I would find Jerome. I would make him explain to me what I was missing. We would laugh, then we would kiss with tongue, and all would be well.
Joseph Brodsky|Americans have been tremendously fortunate in poetry, regarding both the quantity and quality of poetry produced. Unfortunately, it remains in schools and universities; it is not widely distributed.
Adora Svitak|Engaging in social business is beneficial to a company because it leverages on business competencies to address social issues, involves one-time investment with sustainable results, and produces other positive effects such as employee motivation and improved organizational culture.
Anita Loos, Gentlemen Prefer Blondes & But Gentlemen Marry Brunettes|I gave Henry a supscription [sic] to the Book of the Month club that tells you the book you have to read every month to make your individuality stand out. And it really is remarkable, because it makes over 50,000 people read the same book every month.
Israelmore Ayivor|When we feel like giving up, like we are beyond help, we must remember that we are never beyond hope. Holding on to hope has always motivated me to keep trying. I have found this hope by connecting with others. I’ve found it not only in individuals who have dealt with eating disorders but also in people who have battled addictions and those who have survived abuse, cancer, and broken hearts. I have found much-needed hope in my passions and dreams for the future. I’ve found it in prayer. Real hope combined with real actions has always pulled me through difficult times. Real hope combined with doing nothing has never pulled me through. In other words, sitting around and simply hoping that things will change won’t pick you up after a fall. Hope only gives you strength when you use it as a tool to move forward. Taking real action with a hopeful mind will pull you off the ground that eighth time and beyond.
Colleen Houck|You were on the other side of the world, but I often woke with the scent of you surrounding me. I ached for you, Kells. No matter how much Kishan thrashed me, it couldn’t diminish the pain of losing you. I’d dream of you and reach out to touch you, but you were always just out of reach.
Manu Joseph, The Illicit Happiness of Other People|Her heart was broken perhaps, but it was a small inexpensive organ of local manufacture. In a wider and grander way she felt things had been simplified.
Heather Graham, Phantom Evil|A book without conversation, is like a life without friends, you know it's going to end, but you want it to be soon.
James Fenton|Lyric poetry is, of course, musical in origin. I do know that what happened to poetry in the twentieth century was that it began to be written for the page. When it's a question of typography, why not? Poets have done beautiful things with typography - Apollinaire's 'Calligrammes,' that sort of thing.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|Because I need it," I screamed. "I tried. I tried to stop once I got my license and be normal. But.. I needed it. My body craved it the more I denied that part of me. I need to be spanked. To be dominated. Because it's in those moments when I truly feel like myself.
Michael Korda|The rich and famous expect to get a lot for their story, whether they are writing it themselves or not. It's not that they need the money, of course; it's a question of ego, like catching the biggest fish.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|If it judges your conscience, then you are in some way guilty of it by action, words or omission.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|Looking from the window at the fantastic light and colour of my glittering fairy-world of fact that holds no tenderness, no quietude, I long suddenly for peace, for understanding.
Nicholas Sparks, Safe Haven|...nothing wonderful lasted forever. Joy was as fleeting as a shooting star that crossed the evening sky, ready to blink out at any moment.
Susane Colasanti, When It Happens|For one day there will be nothing left, yet we will have something. -me-I tried to wait for my life to begin. Something has to happen. Like an amazing boy. I know he's out there. I just have to find him.
Jerry Stiller|I wanted to do two things when I was growing up, about your age. I wanted to play in the NBA, and I wanted to be a businessman after my basketball career was over, and that is what I am doing now.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|In ambiguous situations, it's a good bet that the crowd will generally stick together – and be wrong.
Ami McKay, The Birth House|But as far as true goodness was concerned, that didn't exist - not in the land of cowardly men.
Matthew Donnelly|My biggest question was how to get rid of desire while going after your dreams? Dreams are desire in some way, shape or form. My answer is go after your dreams but don't get lost in your actions by staying present as often as possible.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|You can shift other people's attitudes by shifting your own. When people project rudeness, impatience, and intolerance they attract the same in return. If someone looks like they are having a difficult day, you can shift their world by simply sharing a kind word.
Greg Cootsona|In front of an audience of Protestant clergy, the Catholic JFK "was drawing strength from his vulnerability.
Amanda Craig|They might watch American movies, wear American clothes, even read American books but Bush and the Iraq War have made actual American people social lepers; she only has to open her mouth in some places to feel a wave of loathing directed at her. Katie is weary of pointing out that at least half her countrymen detest their President even more than Europe does, but it’s no good.
Jim Yong Kim|A good traveler has no fixed plans, and is not intent on arriving.
Giordano Bruno|The United States, like any great power, is always going to have an intelligence operation, and some electronic surveillance is obligatory in the modern world.
KakkZ|Is there anything God cannot do?Yes.God cannot learn, because he already knows everything and never learned what he knows.He cannot lie, because he is truth. God cannot reject anyone who has accepted his Son.Whether you accept or reject God, he cannot love you more, he cannot love you less, and he cannot stop loving you with all his heart.What a wonderful, limited God!
Criss Jami, Killosophy|All great leaders find a sense of balance through their levels of reception. For instance, those who support a leader may soften him, those who ignore him may challenge him, and those who oppose him may stroke his ego.
Jack Canfield, How to Get from Where You Are to Where You Want to Be: The 25 Principles of Success|If you are going to be successful, you need to give up the phrase, "I can't" & all of its cousins, such as "I wish I were able to.
Robin R. Meyers, Saving Jesus from the Church: How to Stop Worshiping Christ and Start Following Jesus|Contemporary Christians have declared war on individual immorality but seem remarkably silent about the evil of systems, especially corporate greed and malfeasance. (p. 176)
Suzanne Selfors, Saving Juliet|So now it's space and time," he said. "You ever watch Doctor Who on PBS?""All the time," she said dryly, "on the BBC. And don't think I wouldn't sell my soul for a TARDIS.
Michael J Granata, LillyMakar.com|I am to stupid to give up, not smart enough to die
Mahatma Gandhi|There is force in the universe, which, if we permit it, will flow through us and produce miraculous results.
Sunday Adelaja|Sometimes we don’t have enough faith to do big things, it is immature faith
Jared Diamond|Technology causes problems as well as solves problems. Nobody has figured out a way to ensure that, as of tomorrow, technology won't create problems. Technology simply means increased power, which is why we have the global problems we face t
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Knight|Side by side we'll fight the tide,That sweeps in to take us down.Hand in hand we'll both withstand,Even as we drown.
Anna Deavere Smith|All of the great leaders have had one characteristic in common: it was the willingness to confront unequivocally the major anxiety of their people in their time. This, and not much else, is the essence of leadership.
Tony Campolo|I contend the state ought to do its thing and provide legal rights for all couples who want to be joined together for life. The church should bless unions that it sees fit to bless, and they should be called marriages.
J.L. Sheppard, Demon King's Desire|Did you ever think she was your mate?” Lucas asked unable to help himself.Clyde tensed, seemingly caught off-guard by the question. “I knew she wasn’t mine,” he said then exhaled. “Angels don’t mate, remember?”“Then why did you make it so hard for her?”“For her or for you?”“For her. I couldn’t care less how hard you made it for me.”“Because I love her,” Clyde responded simply. Lucas’ jaw clenched then he exhaled, acknowledging that hearing another man admit he loved Jenna would never get easier.“Not the way you do, but I love her. I wanted what was best for her. I thought you weren’t it,” Clyde added then turned to walk away. He paused and spun back around. “One more thing. If you ever hurt her, I’ll kill you.”Lucas let the fire in his heart fill his eyes. He would never hurt Jenna; they both knew it. “I know. That’s one of the reasons I haven’t killed you myself.
Sachin Panwar|We have started a journey since our birth and yet,we have to travel a lot.Just like a river keep flowing into the ocean because of its essence,we are an essence of time traveling with its wit and bit.
Jim Butcher, Small Favor|Caring about someone isn't complicated. It isn't easy. But it isn't complicated, either. Kinda like lifting the engine block out of a car.
Israelmore Ayivor|The world is a busy place filled with many busy businesses, both the Godly and the ungodly. It means before you go on to accept any activity or event that comes into the world, you must weigh its Values, examine the Virtues, listen to Views and then you give your Verdict. Satan is not wise; he is just crafty!
William Cowper, The Poetical Works Of William Cowper|Man disavows, and Deity disowns me;Hell might afford my miseries a shelter;Therefore Hell keeps her ever-hungry mouths allBolted against me.Hard lot! encompassed with a thousand dangers,Weary, faint, trembling with a thousand terrors,I'm called, if vanquished, to receive a sentenceWorse than Abiram's.Him the vindictive rod of angry JusticeSent quick and howling to the centre headlong;I, fed with judgement, in a fleshy tomb, amBuried above ground.
Plutarch, Moralia|As for hearing, the sloth is not so much deaf as uninterested in sound.
Benedict Cumberbatch|Pull the hair on my head the wrong way, and I would be on my knees begging for mercy. I have very sensitive follicles.
Steve Maraboli|CHANGE: Don’t just talk about it, go out there and do it. Don’t just meditate about it, go out there and create it. Don’t just pray about it go out there and take action; participate in the answering of your own prayer. If you want change, get out there and live it. - Steve Maraboli
Matthew De Abaitua, If Then|Trolls have existed on this planet for as long as humans. This is what I was told and what I translated to Tub. The first mention of them in recorded history is from ninth-century Norway, when the nefarious creatures began showing up in song, verse, and bedtime stories to keep misbehaving children in line. According to Norse folklore, trolls are one of the Dark Beings, the purest embodiments of evil, and they scurried from between the toes of Ymir, the mythic six-headed Frost Giant whose murdered body became the universe in which we live; his bones became the mountains, his teeth boulders, and so forth.
Judith Butler, Frames of War: When Is Life Grievable?|According to Melanie Klein, we develop moral responses in reaction to questions of survivability. My wager is that Klein is right about that, even as she thwarts her own insight by insisting that it is the ego's survivability that is finally at issue. Why the ego? After all, if my survivability depends on a relation to others, to a "you" or a set of "yous" without whom I cannot exist, then my existence is not mine alone, but is to be found outside myself, in this set of relations that precede and exceed the boundaries of who I am. If I have a boundary at all, or if a boundary can be said to belong to me, it is only because I have become separated from others, and it is only on condition of this separation that I can relate to them at all. So the boundary is a function of the relation, a brokering of difference, a negotiation in which I am bound to you in my separateness. If I seek to preserve your life, it is not only because I seek to preserve my own, but because who "I" am is nothing without your life, and life itself has to be rethought as this complex, passionate, antagonistic, and necessary set of relations to others. I may lose this "you" and any number of particular others, and I may well survive those losses. But that can happen only if I do not lose the possibility of any "you" at all. If I survive, it is only because my life is nothing without the life that exceeds me, that refers to some indexical you, without whom I cannot be.
Avina Celeste|Stop spending your energy on thoughts you don't want and things you don't need. Spend your energy on the thoughts, people, things and dreams you do want. You only have so much energy in the day; spend it wisely.
Jerry Greenfield|I think we have grave problems. I am very much concerned about environmental questions, even though in Finnish society, we are not facing the most urgent problems.
John F. Baddeley|Hospitality, as with all the mountain tribes, was - and is still - a most sacred duty; and the man who would slay a chance-met traveller without pity or remorse for the sake of trifling gain, would lay down his life for the very same individual were he to cross his threshold as even an unbidden guest.
Isabel Allende, Maya's Notebook|I had a serious library at my disposal, because my Popo believed that culture entered by osmosis and it was better to start early, but my favorite books were fairy tales.
Idries Shah, Caravan of Dreams|If the father cannot, the son will finish the task.
Larry McMurtry, Lonesome Dove|The kingdom of Aragon possessed an official known as the Justicia, for whom no exact equivalent is to be found in any country of western Europe. An Aragonese noble appointed by the Crown, the Justicia was appointed to see that the laws of the land were not infringed by royal or baronial officials, and that the subject was protected against any exercise of arbitrary power. The office of Justicia by no means worked perfectly, and by the late fifteenth century it was coming to be regarded as virtually hereditary in the family of Lanuza, which had close ties with the Crown; but none the less, the...
Naomi Klein, The Shock Doctrine: The Rise of Disaster Capitalism|Development is about transforming the lives of people, not just transforming economies.
Helen Oyeyemi, What is Not Yours is Not Yours|This girl had been looking on with her hair hanging over her face, only partly hiding a cruel-looking scar; her eyes shone with hatred. Not necessarily hatred of your father or of puppets or the other children, but a hatred of make-believe, which did not heal, but was only useful to the people who didn't need it.
Edward Gorey|A truly virtuous man would come to the aid of the most distant stranger as quickly as to his own friend. If men were perfectly virtuous, they wouldn’t have friends.
Deeanne Gist, A Bride Most Begrudging|Their daughter scrunched up her hands and legs, waving them wildly in the air. He opened his palm, allowing the babe to kick his hand."Is she like a puppy?"Constance choked. "What!"He looked up. "Will she get her spots later?"Laughter bubbled up from within her as she playfully whacked him on the shoulder. "Yes. Yes, I'm afraid she will. As soon as the sun touches her skin, the freckles will appear."A delicious two-dimple grin spread across his face. "Good. I find I'm rather partial to freckled redheads.
Amy Andrews, Seduced by the Baron|The way I see it, everyone’s been telling the story wrong. I mean, take Cinderella, for example. She never asked for a Prince, let alone waited around for one. Hell, all she ever wanted was a night off from work and a fancy dress to twirl in for a few hours. It’s never made sense to me that I’m supposed to sit around pining for some mythical Prince Charming to get off his ass and rescue me. If that’s the grand game plan, I could end up waiting forever. Because, I mean, if he’s anything like the rest of the male population, the prince is probably stuck in traffic somewhere, or got lost along the way and is too damn stubborn to ask for directions.
Susanne Dunlap, The Académie|I want to create, not kill.
Pippa DaCosta, Darkest Before Dawn|Some people take what they need from the orchard, and other people pick the orchard clean."From - "The Mind Game Company - The Players
Holly Black, The Coldest Girl in Coldtown|Abraham," he said. "I'm pleased to see you alive, old friend.""And I to see you dead.
Kevin J. Donaldson|Give yourself a deadline. Amazingly, many people work better under pressure. They are quickly moved to action when they know that they have a clock to beat!
Marc Andreessen|A revolution is to bring on change and we're spiritual people trying to bring on spiritual change. It might sound like I'm a dreamer, but economic models have reached their height of evolution. Technology has evolved. What hasn't evolved is mankind's spirituality; everything is from 3,000 years ago.
Tiffany Luard|Focus forward, not around you.In the moment;Not behind you.Don't grimace in the whys, Relish in 'Yes-es;' - Be Positive...When you amplify the goods, you'll see bads as infinitesimally minuscule.Glorify and Cleanse... first and foremost , YOUR perception. #levitate
Bill Cosby|Cell phones tend to bring us more inside of our lives whereas movies offer a chance to escape, so there are two competing forces.
Joseph Campbell|College wasn't like the real world. In the real world people dropped names based on their renown. In college, people dropped names based on their obscurity.
Terry Pratchett|With a bit of luck and a lot of hard work, this writing thing may just pan out.
Joel Osteen|To get nostalgic about other people's music, or even about your own, makes a terrible statement about the condition of your life and your prospects for the future. I have no patience with that kind of attitude, whether it's on radio or among friends.
Adam West|When I've had to edit my albums, I'll listen to it one time through, and I'll make edits. I want to remember to set up a camera to record myself listening to my set, because I don't even slightly crack a smile, I am just listening for technical details, and I look like somebody that has absolutely no sense of humor. I look insane.
Jennifer A. Nielsen, The Shadow Throne|The real heroes are those ones who are forgotten, forsaken and remain the nameless ones, in the history of time.
C. JoyBell C.|Love is a devoted madness while marriage is a responsibility. But then it is possible to be devotedly mad and responsible at the same time, yes it is. And so this is how we should begin to see marriage: as it is, for what it is! Marriage needs to cease being an eternal ideal with the predestined ending of death! We must allow it to be and to appear as what it is! Perhaps if we approach marriage with eyes open to the reality of the nature of it, we will stop failing at it! We fail at it because we think of it as something it is not! We are romanced by an ideal that is not in touch with reality and that's why when we begin to discover the reality of it, we see ourselves as failures! It is a wild and blessed thing to want to spend the rest of your adult life with one person, growing and changing together, while stepping deeper into the depths of love; notwithstanding, we must understand that we may not get it "right" the first time.
Martha Beck|When I started dating I had this kind of Romeo and Juliet, fateful romantic idea about love which was almost that you were a victim and there was a lot of pain involved and that was how it should be.
Robert Moore, King, Warrior, Magician, Lover: Rediscovering the Archetypes of the Mature Masculine|Maturity, the way I understand it, is knowing what your limitations are.
Adolfo Bioy Casares, The Invention of Morel|I do not believe that a dream should necessarily be taken for reality, or reality for madness.
Alanis Morissette|Wit is a weapon. Jokes are a masculine way of inflicting superiority. But humor is the pursuit of a gentle grin, usually in solitude.
Jim Carrey|I like to put on hardcore when I have to clean my apartment, which I hate to do, but it's motivational. I like old heavy metal when I'm outside working on my car. Music has definite functions for me.
Nathaniel Hawthorne|In honor of October, really just hours away now.....Brew me a cup for a winter's night.For the wind howls loud and the furies fight;Spice it with love and stir it with care,And I'll toast our bright eyes,my sweetheart fair.
RVM|When the inner Spirit has Liberation, Inspiration is born!
H.L. Mencken, Prejudices: Third Series|The government is merely a servant―merely a temporary servant; it cannot be its prerogative to determine what is right and what is wrong, and decide who is a patriot and who isn't. Its function is to obey orders, not originate them.
Max Weber|I'm not going to change the world overnight. It's one person at a time, and hopefully they're people in positions of power who can help people get in those roles and really, truly embrace colorblind casting.
David Suzuki|The people who are doing the work are the moving force behind the Macintosh. My job is to create a space for them, to clear out the rest of the organization and keep it at bay.
Siri Hustvedt, A Woman Looking at Men Looking at Women: Essays on Art, Sex, and the Mind|Artists are cannibals. We consume other artists, and they become part of us—flesh and bone—only to be spewed out again in our own works.
Christy Turlington|The drug war has been a war where the direct casualties have primarily been America's poor; America's minorities; and often, unfortunately, America's vulnerable, in terms of people with disease and addiction and mental health.
Diana Rowland, My Life as a White Trash Zombie|The over-weight and out of shape guy who owned the house had apparently decided that having a half-million dollar house meant that he couldn’t afford to hire someone to clean out his gutters. Now he was dead with what looked to me like a broken neck after the ladder had slipped. He’d taken the plunge into his fancy landscaping—complete with rock garden. But hey, his fucking gutters were clean.
Ann Marie Aguilar|Atheists’ anger doesn’t prove that we’re selfish, or joyless, or miserable. It shows that we have compassion, and a sense of justice. We’re angry because we see terrible harm all around us, and we feel desperately motivated to stop it.
Mark Doty, Heaven's Coast: A Memoir|I’d write and read and let myself, a little at a time, step down into myself- like a stairway down into a dark, intimate kiva- where the work of vigil is taking place, the necessary attending. I imagine there’s a little fire burning in there, a few steadily glowing embers, and a quiet chant going on, from me, from some singer in me, honoring and accompanying W’s soul, which is with him as he is making his passage. ..there’s a leavetaking in process, a movement towards increasing simplicity, away from complexity, activity, expectation. The bout of paranoia, with a childlike quality of being threatened, seems part of that-like a day or two when he couldn’t just let go and float on the energies of other people, who are bearing him up-but had to doubt them, struggle. So much better when he can trust and float. There’s enough love around him to carry him now…
Susan Choi, My Education|...the Master and the boy followed each other as if drawn along the wires of some mechanism, until soon it could no longer be discerned which was coming and which going, which following and which leading, the old or the young man. Now it seemed to be the young man who showed honour and obedience to the old man, to authority and dignity; now again it was apparently the old man who was required to follow, serve, worship the figure of youth, of beginning, of mirth. And as he watched this at once senseless and significant dream circle, the dreamer felt alternately identical with the old man and the boy, now revering and now revered, now leading, now obeying; and in the course of these pendulum shifts there came a moment in which he was both, was simultaneously Master and small pupil; or rather he stood above both, was the instigator, conceiver, operator, and onlooker of the cycle, this futile spinning race between age and youth.
Martin Gover, The Simplest Book Ever on Life Attitude and Happiness|Alma is in a painting phase, and the people she paints are all the color of mold, look like they've just been dredged from the bottom of a lake. Her last painting was of you, slouching against the front door: only your frowning I-had-a-lousy-Third-World-childhood-and-all-I-got-was-this-attitude eyes recognizable.
Alexandra Daddario|Whenever I go jamming, people are looking to cut me. The young ones learn my stuff and come play it at me, and I have to learn other stuff. I feel a lot of pressure. But it's cool. It's a good pressure.
Zoë Brigley, Sexual Ideology in the Works of Alan Moore: Critical Essays on the Graphic Novels|We were there too, the other geeks and weird kids whose lives were hellish at school, who escaped into books and computers, who stayed up all night scanning obscure forums, looking for transcendence, dreaming of elsewhere. We were there too, but you didn’t see us, because we were girls. And the costs of being the geek were the same for us, right down to the sexual frustration, the yearning, the being laughed at, the loneliness. […] We had to fight the same battles you did, only harder, because we were women and we also had to fight sexism, some of it from you, and when we went looking for other weird kids to join our gang, we were told we weren’t ‘real geeks’ because we were girls.
Amy Jenkins|Oh I believe in loving cats and dogs and children and parents – sometimes – but I don’t believe in romantic love. Of course, there’s the momentary rush of hormones and chemicals that encourages us to mate, but it’s biology – it’s no more inherently mystical than the nicotine in that cigarette you’re smoking
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If I don’t know who I am apart from everyone else, I probably need to spend some time apart from everyone else.
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty|A person whose desires and impulses are his own—are the expression of his own nature, as it has been developed and modified by his own culture—is said to have a character. One whose desires and impulses are not his own, has no character, no more than a steam-engine has character…
Laurie Nadel, Dancing with the Wind: A True Story of Zen in the Art of Windsurfing|Inside, my spirit is sparkling like foam on the crest of a wave at high tide under a full moon.
Kevin Focke, Seasons of Love|He had a harder time helping her out though. He was asleep while she was doing stars. Without wings, he couldn't reach anyways. In the end though what he could give her was better than magic wands and magic frogs and magic lamps. Better and more magical. What he gave her was moral support and unconditional love. He promised to be there for her always, even times when the sky proved too vast and the night was dark because she couldn't kindle all the stars. He would light her way instead, he promised. He would be her Polaris, her celestial navigator, her astral guide. And whenever she came back to Earth, Grumwald promised, he would be there, waiting
S. Michael Wilcox, 10 Great Souls I Want to Meet in Heaven|I grew up thinking the only scriptures on earth were those inspired by the Hebrew prophets of the Old Testament, the words and letters of Jesus and his apostles, and the scriptures of the Restoration. But how could the God I believed was the loving God of all the earth not speak somehow to everyone else? For years I wrestled with this idea. Having now read the Chinese classics, certainly Confucius, but others as well, I believe I have found the scriptural infusion God gave the Chinese nation. Mencius is my favorite, I must admit, and I do not hesitate to call what he bestowed upon the world scripture--some of the most optimistic, holy writing the world has.
George Henry Lewes|When a truth is necessary, the reason for it can be found by analysis, that is, by resolving it into simpler ideas and truths until the primary ones are reached.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Greet each man with peace, and leave each man with love. Ask yourself - One more enemy, or one more dove?
Lisa Samson|I guess this thing we call faith is a climb. I always wanted to think of it as a big slide straight into the arms of God who waits at the bottom to catch us. But instead, He's a God who's on top of things - & like any mountain you climb, the closer we get to Him, the steeper the terrain.
Eddie Owens|Like all shrinks she was a deeply troubled person.From "Fat Jimmy And The Blind Ballerina" due out early 2017.
T. Mountebank, Sister Sable|He didn’t know what beget what, but he quickly learned that people with money to hide were powerful, and powerful people were violent. It was reliable math: as the amount of money being conveyed increased, so too did the level of paranoia; the psychotic behavior of his clients increasing with every figure added to the sum.
Max Horkheimer|The art of opposition and of revolution is to unsettle established customs, sounding them even to their source, to point out their want of authority and justice.
Abhijit Naskar, Prescription: Treating India's Soul|scientifically speaking - you cannot. Accept it. You simply cannot make any nation completely corruption-free. It is only an absurd fairytale. It feels good to talk about it, but it cannot be made a reality.
Billy Graham|We could never learn to be brave and patient, if there were only joy in the world.
Elena Ferrante, Those Who Leave and Those Who Stay|I didn’t realize that in his wish to transform me was the proof that he didn’t like me as I was, he wanted me to be different, or, rather, he didn’t want just a woman, he wanted the woman he imagined he himself would be if he were a woman. For Franco, I said, I was an opportunity for him to expand into the feminine, to take possession of it: I constituted the proof of his omnipotence, the demonstration that he knew now to be not only a man in the right way, but also a woman.
Tatyana Eckstrand|The library was my only blessing. Every time I climbed the stairs, my heart lifted. All day, I looked forward to the happy hours I spent in that beautiful room. My guilt over appa's fate was too heavy to carry up there, and I learned to leave it below, somewhere on the ground floor. I left the house far behind as I walked on the path paved by the books, and every evening, baby Mangalam slept soundly on the bed I made for her on the window seat.
Carson McCullers, The Heart is a Lonely Hunter|He did not wholly understand the intricate play of ideas and the complex phrases, but as he read he sensed a strong, who purpose behind the words and he felt that he almost understood.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Heaven, Texas|I happen to be immature, undisciplined, and self-centered, pretty much a little boy in a man's body, although I'd appreciate it if you didn't quote me on that.-Bobby Tom
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Some things is easy do, when you have no choice in the world but to do them. Like shiteing into bedpan, in front of a nurse.
J.M. Coetzee, Disgrace|A good person. Not a bad resolution to make, in dark times.
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller - Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century|Most things we need in life are only inch deep below the ground, all you need to do is dig it out... using the wind that you blow away.So start blowing now...
