Mehmet Murat ildan|Without reading many different books, you can never leave the port of ignorance and can never obtain the peaceful mind of knowing the truth!
Sanjeev Bhaskar|I will venture to maintain that where the teacher is not pleasing to the pupil, there is no education.
C. JoyBell C.|The real thing that keeps men and women apart, is fear. Women blame men and men blame women, but the culprit is fear, women are afraid of one thing, men are afraid of a different thing; the fears of women have to do with losing while the fears of men have to do with not being good enough for something. One is loss, the other is insecurity. Men are innately more insecure than women and women are innately more needful of companionship than men. It's good for both men and women to be able to recognize and identify these fears not only within themselves, but within each other, and then men and women will see that they really do need to help each other. It's not a game, it's not a competition, the two sexes need one another.
Jennifer Silverwood, Silver Hollow|Two must rule together, one for the night and one for the day. this is the way it has always been done.
Terry Pratchett, Wyrd Sisters|Gods prefer simple, vicious games, where you Do Not Achieve Transcendence but Go Straight To Oblivion; a key to the understanding of all religion is that a god's idea of amusement is Snakes and Ladders with greased rungs.
Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel|From what the moderns want, we must learn what poetry should become; from what the ancients did, what poetry must be.
Shankar Vedantam|As cruel as life might be at times, if you throw in the towel, which is what everyone will expect, then nothing good will happen and your life will fall apart. Be better than that!
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|No single man makes history. History cannot be seen, just as one cannot see grass growing. Wars and revolutions, kings and Robespierres, are history's organic agents, its yeast. But revolutions are made by fanatical men of action with one-track mind, geniuses in their ability to confine themselves to a limited field. They overturn the old order in a few hours or days, the whole upheaval takes a few weeks or at most years, but the fanatical spirit that inspired the upheavals is worshiped for decades thereafter, for centuries. 
Winona LaDuke|I don’t understand all the nuances of the women’s movement. But I do understand that there are feminists who want to challenge the dominant paradigm, not only of patriarchy, but of where the original wealth came from and the relationship of that wealth to other peoples and the earth. That is the only way that that I think you can really get to the depth of the problem.
A.E. Coppard, Dusky Ruth: And Other Stories|At one time,' Golenishchev continued, either not observing or not willing to observe that both Anna and Vronsky wanted to speak, 'at one time a freethinker was a man who had been brought up in the conception of religion, law, and morality, who reached freethought only after conflict and difficulty. But now a new type of born freethinkers has appeared, who grow up without so much as hearing that there used to be laws of morality, or religion, that authorities existed. They grow up in ideas of negation in everything -- in other words, utter savages.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Among such persons are those women who transform themselves into just that function of a man that is but weakly developed in him, and then become his purse, or his politics, or his social intercourse. Such beings maintain themselves best when they insert themselves in an alien organism; if they do not succeed they become vexed, irritated, and eat themselves up.
Angelica Hopes|Lack of luxury is not a reason to push others to poverty. ~ Michael A. van Doorn, Odyssey of a Heart, Home of a Soul
Amanda Hocking, Torn|Do you know much about the Vittra?""Some." He held out an orange slice to me. "Want some?""No, thanks." I shook my head. "How much is 'some'?""I meant like a slice or two, but you can have the rest if you really want.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|I will see you again,’ Hades promised. ‘I will prepare a room for you at the palace in case you do not survive. Perhaps your chambers would look good decorated with the skulls of monks.’ ‘Now I can’t tell if you’re joking.’ Hades’s eyes glittered as his form began to fade. ‘Then perhaps we are alike in some important ways.’ The god vanished.
Foz Meadows, An Accident of Stars|My Christmas wish: To feel your arms around me, to have your lips on mine, and to hold you close one more time, while there's time.
Stephen Manoharan|When you believe someone at work for anything & everything... remember someone else is also trusting & following you. If you find fault on others; know that it's not theirs, but yours... What you do others follow.
Fabulous Godwin|If you are not pleased with what you see with your eyes, close your eyes and learn to see from your heart, this is where the true beauty lies.
Anthony Liccione|Most people give up finding their soul mate, and settle down to just having a flesh mate.
Jamie McGuire, Walking Disaster|She was lovely with eyes that captivated your heart, a smile that drew your mind, and a presence that captured your soul. She was everything you wanted in a girl, and so much more.
Deepak Chopra, The Way of the Wizard: Twenty Spiritual Lessons for Creating the Life You Want|In the light of trust, as it develops slowly over time, you will find that you are a privileged child of the universe, entirely safe, entirely supported, entirely loved.
Joss Whedon|Love is a word, another kind of open.As the diamond comesinto a knot of flameI am Blackbecause I come from the earth's insidetake my word for jewelin the open light.
Douglas Kirkland|To be selected was an honor, and in respect of the family member chosen to run, families held feasts and gave away prized beaver coats, quilled tobacco bags and buffalo hides.
Epiphana Lewis|To relate oneself expectantly to the possibility of the good is to hope. To relate oneself expectantly to the possibility of evil is to fear. By the decision to choose hope one decides infinitely more than it seems, because it is an eternal decision
Alice Walker|The first several years of my life were used to upload incredible amounts of fear, and I just became afraid of everything. I was afraid of my parents, afraid of my classmates, afraid of the streets of Washington, D.C. I would flinch at every gesture.
Mario J. Molina|When someone becomes successful or rich and famous, people perceive that person as being different. But I'm the same guy I've always been.
C.S. Lewis|Something of God... flows into us from the blue of the sky, the taste of honey, the delicious embrace of water whether cold or hot, and even from sleep itself.
Ellen Hopkins, Perfect|Living means taking chances. Risks. Playing safe all the time is being dead inside, even if you happen to still be breathing.
Cathryn Kemp, Painkiller Addict: From wreckage to redemption - my true story|The next day I received a phone call from Mr. Pride which began, “So, I heard you won Ho of the Year.” Well when you put it like that it didn’t sound like such an accomplishment.
Lemony Snicket, Horseradish: Bitter Truths You Can't Avoid|I will win , not immediately.... But Definately...!!!!!!
Cameron Boyce|A Bond movie falls into a specific genre, and you have to provide certain elements. You must respect the fact it's essentially about girls, guns, gadgets, and big action.
Debasish Mridha|When you choose to let go, you discover more about who you are and what you want out of life, and then you go for it!
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Most people consider life a battle, but it is not a battle, it is a game.
Nikki Rowe|life - your gunna meet some two faced people, some bosses that make your soul cringe, some places you wished you'd never walked into... But then you'll grow, you'll learn that your gut instinct isn't nieve, your boss can ' fuck it' because your dreams are more important and the places you walked into unaware of chaos, will bring you to places of perfect peace. Hold on, the struggle won't last forever.
Lauren Gallagher, Damaged Goods|A broom that was almost never used was leaned up against the wall. He took it and started to sweep. Dust flew up his nose. When he had been sweeping for a while he realised he had no dustpan. He swept the pile of dust under the couch. Better to have a little shit in the corners than a clean hell. He flipped through the pages of a porno, put it back. Wound his scarf around his neck until his head felt like it was about to explode, released it. Got up and took a few steps on the rug. Sank to his knees, prayed to god.
Stephen King, It|They were with him, and for that little while the darkness was kind.
Anthony Liccione|In the end, people will not be judged by the darkness they lived in, but by the light they rejected.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Like JJ Abrams,  creators just want to tell a story and entertain people. So why only focus in one way of telling it?Give readers another way to connect with your story.  Entertainment does not need to be contained in one medium. Think about telling your story in many mediums.
P.D. James, Innocent Blood|People were excited by violence. What, after all, was the sexual act but a voluntarily endured assault, a momentary death?
Johnny Rich|William "Boss" Tweed was in such thorough control in New York that he made money off of the report the committee printed after investigating him.
Mark Scandrette, Soul Graffiti: Making a Life in the Way of Jesus|I believe we are more ready to embrace our lives in the here and now when we are able to recognize the continuity between the immanence of God in our world and eternity. Rather than simply waiting to be liberated to another time or place, we are being invited to collaborate in the healing and redemption of our world.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|Then it hit me and I just blurted, 'I like people too much or not at all. I've got to go down deep, to fall into people, to really know them.
Jenna McCarthy|He was one of those men who possess almost every gift, except the gift of the power to use them.
Daisy Goodwin, The American Heiress|When she was chair of the Orange Prize for Fiction in 2010, Daisy Goodwin wrote a controversial essay lamenting the 'unrelenting grimness' of so many novels and pointing out that 'generally great fiction contains light and shade'---not only misery but joy and humor. 'It is time for publishers to stop treating literary fiction as the novelistic equivalent of cod-liver oil: if it's nasty it must be good for you.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|A new day is born in gleaming fire, rippling pools of light racing in from the horizon. It is one of the most breathtaking sights you can see. And we miss every second of it. We only have eyes for each other.
Aporva Kala, Life... Love... Kumbh...|For those special moments you never want to forget. When it comes to you, all I need is a pencilEthan
Lauren Beukes|But, self, that thing was on TV, and this one wants to tear your liver out your nose. Run.
Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel|He failed to see that it contained at once all of Djuna's wishes which had been denied, and these wishes had flown from all directions to meet at this intersection and to plead once more for understanding.
Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone|I was going to say the beginning is the good part, when it's all sparks and sparkles, before they are inevitably unmasked as assholes.
Joyce Rachelle|Much of what I learned about forgiveness I learned by inhabiting the lives of my characters. Even villains act with reasonable intent. Mercy is easier with understanding. Still, it helps that on paper I can kill them off.
Stephanie Kingsmore|Discovering what you want out of life is hard, having the courage to full fill it is even harder!
Basu regmi nepal|I mean, wha comfort does pretendin to be a Buddhist or wharrever give him? What's wrong with pretendin to be a Catholic like the rest of us?
Warren Beatty|The gift my mother gave me was the gift of possibility. From an early age, she instilled in me a belief that I could do anything I wanted to do. It wasn't a matter of, 'Can I?' or 'Should I?' It was just, 'You can, you must, you will!' She wanted me to believe that anything was possible.
Gwyneth Paltrow|My parents are very hard working people who did everything they could for their children. I have two brothers and they worked dog hard to give us an education and provide us with the most comfortable life possible. My dad provided for his family daily. So, yes, that is definitely in my DNA.
Donald Jeffries, The Unreals|Waldo nodded and waved goodbye pathetically, like a young father going off to war. 	As soon as the door was closed and he was gone, Jeanne squelched her own apprehensions, opened the paper and read the poem Waldo had written for her:One taste of Jeanne and out I flewWildly, madly, in no directionBut hers, and yet so straight and trueI fly towards her with no protectionIt feels so strange to move this wayThough I should land, desire it seemsMoves in strange circles and so I stayDisoriented beyond my wildest dreams.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|When in doubt, give it out. Regardless of what is happening in your life, there is always someone else worse off that needs your help.
Elizabeth Prentiss, Stepping Heavenward|Bring into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ. Take what I cannot give--my heart, body, thoughts, time, abilities, money, health, strength, nights, days, youth, age, and spend them in Thy service, O my crucified Master, Redeemer, God. Oh, let these not be mere words! Whom have I in heaven but Thee? And there is none upon earth that I desire in comparison of Thee. My heart is athirst for God, for the living God. When shall I come and appear before God?
TemitOpe Ibrahim|If you must catch, you must not fear what is being thrown.
Johnny Weir|I was in college when tens of thousands of people marched on Washington for the first Earth Day. Raw sewage floated in rivers and clouds of smog hung over cities. But then something amazing happened. People spoke out. Thousands of students, workers, and ordinary citizens used their voices to say, 'This has to change.'
Ayrton Senna|Normal is getting dressed in clothes that you buy for work, driving through traffic in a car that you are still paying for, in order to get to a job that you need so you can pay for the clothes, car and the house that you leave empty all day in order to afford to live in it.
Grant McLachlan|Don't get too much of an ego, but you're kind of my everything
Brandon Sanderson, Words of Radiance|I can't stand lies. Probably no one can. Probably everyone is, to varying degrees, allergic to them, both spiritually and physically. Lies make me feel low and ignoble, and also itchy, like there's sand under my skin. The only thing that feels worse than hearing a lie is telling one.
Joan W. Blos, A Gathering of Days: A New England Girl's Journal, 1830-32|For are we not, all of us, wand'rers and strangers; and do we not, all of us, travel in danger or voyage uncharted seas?
Rupi Kaur|'Milk and Honey' was written with me being honest to myself, kind of pulling at the things that I hear the most and saying that out loud, and you know, that thing that we hear the most is most universal, and so that rings true with all folks. The language used in the poetry is extremely, extremely accessible.
Lindsey Rietzsch, The Happy Lady|If you were waiting for the opportune moment, that was it.
Ruta Sepetys, Between Shades of Gray|Decide what you want. Declare it to the world. See yourself winning. And remember that if you are persistent as well as patient, you can get whatever you seek.
Timothy Ferriss, The 4-Hour Workweek|Someday" is a disease that will take your dreams to the grave with you.
Janet Mullany, Improper Relations|May we do it again? She sounds remarkably bright and cheerful. 'And I didn't bleed. My mother said I would experience great agony.''Half an hour.''I beg your pardon? Your mumbling.'Eyes closed, I attempt to enunciate a little more clearly. 'In half an hour or so. Probably. And your mother was misinformed.''What am I suppose to do in the meantime?''Oh. Read a Sermon. Embroider something
Frans de Waal|After working with clothes for so long, it seemed right to design them.
Andrew McMillan, Every Salt Advance|they say we’re losing centimetresevery year; as if we werea beach that’s losingground with every salt advancethe night is overcastbut why not try, at least,to touch the things our orbitscannot hold, while there’s timewhile we can.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When I was young, I admired old people.Now that I’m old, I admire wise people.When I was a youth, I admired strong people.Now that I’m old, I admire meek people.When I was an adult, I admired wealthy people.Now that I’m old, I admire happy people.
Debasish Mridha|We may not remember life, but we never forget touches of love.
L.E. Modesitt Jr., The Parafaith War|You make someone into a object of – not so much of pity as of weakness, sickness, stupidity, inefectiveness, do you see what I mean? You hit them for their stupidity and their inability to respond, and when you’ve hurt them, marked them, they’re even more sick and ugly, aren’t they? And they’re afraid and cringing too. Oh, I know this isn’t very pleasant, but you did ask.”“Go on” he said.“So you’ve got a frightened, stupid, even disabled person, silenced, made ugly, and what can you do with someone like that, someone who’s unworthy of being treated well? You treat them badly because that’s what they deserve. One thinks of poor little kids that no one love because they’re dirty, sovered in snot and shit, and always screaming. So you beat them because they’re hateful, they’re low, they’re sub-human. That’s all they’re good for, being hit, being reduced even further.
Thomas Van Nortwick, Imagining Men: Ideals of Masculinity in Ancient Greek Culture|So you’re positive the killer is a man.”“Yes, I think my gender can take responsibility for this one. Women don’t cut out other women’s hearts.”“We can.
James Nesbitt|You want to buy cars and houses and castles, all of that's on you and how America has systematized your mind to be into materialism. Hip-hop ain't got nothing to do with that. I'm glad that anybody making money has picked themselves up - I just want them to give some of it back to the community.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Honey, I have a feeling he doesn’t think of you as a friend. Have you seen the way he looks at you?”She glanced at him and as if he could feel her gaze, he turned his eyes on her. Soft and hard all at once. “Yeah,” Mel said. “He promised to stop doing that.
Nanette Mathews|Looking for some peace? Close your eyes, take a few deep breaths....That inner connection and peace are always available to you, at any moment.
Cheryl Strayed|Don't say it was "delightful"; make us say "delightful" when we've read the description.
W.H. Auden, The Dyer's Hand|Practical jokes are a demonstration that the distinction between seriousness and play is not a law of nature but a social convention which can be broken, and that a man does not always require a serious motive for deceiving another.Two men, dressed as city employees, block off a busy street and start digging it up. The traffic cop, motorists and pedestrians assume that this familiar scene has a practical explanation – a water main or an electric cable is being repaired – and make no attempt to use the street. In fact, however, the two diggers are private citizens in disguise who have no business there.All practical jokes are anti-social acts, but this does not necessarily mean that all practical jokes are immoral. A moral practical joke exposes some flaw of society which is hindrance to a real community or brotherhood. That it should be possible for two private individuals to dig up a street without being stopped is a just criticism of the impersonal life of a large city where most people are strangers to each other, not brothers; in a village where all inhabitants know each other personally, the deception would be impossible.
Evelyn Lauder|With my father and sister being very depressed for most of their lives, it was incumbent on me to try to make them laugh, in this ridiculous way. They were the wittiest people I knew, but to get a smile from them was like winning the lottery.
Ann Leckie|I love analogies! Let’s have one.Imagine that you dearly love, absolutely crave, a particular kind of food. There are some places in town that do this particular cuisine just amazingly. Lots of people who are into this kind of food hold these restaurants in high regard. But let’s say, at every single one of these places, every now and then throughout the meal, at random moments, the waiter comes over and punches any women at the table right in the face. And people of color and/or LGBT folks as well! Now, most of the white straight cis guys who eat there, they have no problem–after all, the waiter isn’t punching them in the face, and the non-white, non-cis, non-straight, non-guys who love this cuisine keep coming back so it can’t be that bad, can it? Hell, half the time the white straight cis guys don’t even see it, because it’s always been like that and it just seems like part of the dining experience. Granted, some white straight cis guys have noticed and will talk about how they don’t like it and they wish it would stop.Every now and then, you go through a meal without the waiter punching you in the face–they just give you a small slap, or come over and sort of make a feint and then tell you they could have messed you up bad. Which, you know, that’s better, right? Kind of?Now. Somebody gets the idea to open a restaurant where everything is exactly as delicious as the other places–but the waiters won’t punch you in the face. Not even once, not even a little bit. Women and POC and LGBT and various combinations thereof flock to this place, and praise it to the skies.And then some white, straight, cis dude–one of the ones who’s on record as publicly disapproving of punching diners in the face, who has expressed the wish that it would stop (maybe even been very indignant on this topic in a blog post or two) says, “Sure, but it’s not anything really important or significant. It’s getting all blown out of proportion. The food is exactly the same! In fact, some of it is awfully retro. You’re just all relieved cause you’re not getting punched in the face, but it’s not really a significant development in this city’s culinary scene. Why couldn’t they have actually advanced the state of food preparation? Huh? Now that would have been worth getting excited about.”Think about that. Seriously, think. Let me tell you, being able to enjoy my delicious supper without being punched in the face is a pretty serious advancement. And only the folks who don’t get routinely assaulted when they try to eat could think otherwise.
Meryl Davis|I saw that all beings are fated to happiness: action is not life, but a way of wasting some force, an enervation. Morality is the weakness of the brain.
Doris Kearns Goodwin, Wait Till Next Year|The books my mother read and reread provided a broader, more adventurous world, and escape from the confines of her chronic illness. Her interior life was enriched even as her physical life contracted. If she couldn't change the reality of her situation, she could change her perception of it. She could enter into the lives of the characters in her books, sharing their journeys while she remained seated in her chair.
Roman Payne|Some writers confuse authenticity, which they ought always to aim at, with originality, which they should never bother about.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Shadow|but curiosity is a restless and scrupulous passion, and no one girl can endure, with patience, that hers should be baffled by another.
amrahsaeed|I'm the princess of my own Life,My own circle, my own rules.And don't wanna compare my life style to anyone indeed.
Christian  Michael, The Art of Bible Study|Unless you understand the difference between insight and revelation, you will be far from transformation.
Noam Chomsky|The social system is taking on a form in which finding out what you want to do is less and less of an option because your life is too structured, organised, controlled and disciplined.
Theodore Dalrymple, So Little Done: The Testament of a Serial Killer|In this image (watching sensual murder through a peephole) Lorrain embodies the criminal delight of decadent art. The watcher who records the crimes (both the artist and consumer of art) is constructed as marginal, powerless to act, and so exculpated from action, passive subject of a complex pleasure, condemning and yet enjoying suffering imposed on others, and condemning himself for his own enjoyment. In this masochistic celebration of disempowerment, the sharpest pleasure recorded is that of the death of some important part of humanity. The dignity of human life is the ultimate victim of Lorrain's art, thrown away on a welter of delighted self-disgust.
Anthony T. Hincks|How many of us have lately taken the time out to look at the sky; marvel at the clouds; smell the flowers; or smelt the fresh scent of rain; bought a stranger a cup of tea or coffee; given our time to help another; or just taken time out to sit and watch people rush hither and tither; said "I love you"; smiled at a complete stranger; joined in with kids from the street to play a game?Sadly, I would have to say....not many.It's sad....
Thomas Hobbes|Once brave politicians and others explain the war on drugs' true cost, the American people will scream for a cease-fire. Bring the troops home, people will urge. Treat drugs as a health problem, not as a matter for the criminal justice system.
Steven Magee|There is no such thing as "healthy" competition within a knowledge organization; all internal competition is destructive. The nature of our work is that it cannot be done by any single person in isolation. Knowledge work is by definition collaborative.
Hod Lipson|To me, there is something superbly symbolic in the fact that an astronaut, sent up as assistant to a series of computers, found that he worked more accurately and more intelligently than they. Inside the capsule, man is still in charge.
Greg Egan, The Four Thousand, the Eight Hundred|I am looking out of my window in an anxious and resentful state of mind, oblivious to my surroundings, brooding perhaps on some damage done to my prestige. Then suddenly I observe a hovering kestrel. In a moment everything is altered. The brooding self with its hurt vanity has disappeared. There is nothing now but kestrel. And when I return to thinking of the other matter it seems less important
Brent Weeks, The Blinding Knife|People need to have "the dignity of risk" and "the right to fail".
George Gissing|I know every book of mine by its smell, and I have but to put my nose between the pages to be reminded of all sorts of things.
Holly Duckworth, Ctrl+Alt+Believe: Reboot Your Association For Success|Fear, doubt, and lack are things we must talk about to emerge as associations that thrive for years to come.
William McPherson|The rich are all alike, to revise Tolstoy’s famous words, but the poor are poor in their own particular ways. Any reasonably intelligent reader could blow that generalization apart in the time it takes to write it. But as with most generalizations, a truth lies behind it. Ultimately, what binds the rich together is that they have more money, lots more. For one reason or another, the poor don’t have enough of it. But poverty doesn’t bind the poor together as much as wealth and the need to protect it bind the rich. If it did, we would hear the rattle of tumbrels in the streets. One hears mutterings, but the chains have not yet been shed.
Saaif Alam|If you possess the character that you have in your daily lives, nobody can't forcefully change your personality unless you embrace their influence.
Widad Akreyi|In recent years, academics, policy-makers, and experts have raised the question of the applicability of peacetime environmental law in times of armed conflict.
P.C. Cast, Untamed|Then your heart is a black, shriveled thing, because you absolutely betray me.
Stephanie Perkins, Anna and the French Kiss|Yes, St. Claire. I like you. But I can't say it aloud, because he's my friend. And friends don't let other friends make drunken declarations and expect them to act upon them the next day
Anthony Powell, The Acceptance World|There is, after all, no pleasure like that given by a woman who really wants to see you.
Claire Danes|It's funny with jeans now, because if they don't feel like a pair of sweatpants, I don't have patience for them anymore! I think I'm becoming increasingly lazy.
Tice Davids aka David T. Parker|Those of us with Big Hearts are like Big Banks, we are too Big to fail!
MARTH, The New Era - Every Being Is In The Unknown Now|Human beings long for connection, and our sense of usefulness derives from the feeling of connectedness. When we are connected — to our own purpose, to the community around us, and to our spiritual wisdom — we are able to live and act with authentic effectiveness.
Tom Stoppard, The Invention of Love|Any fool can make history, but it takes a genius to write it.
Debasish Mridha|The attractive power of love is intensified proportional to the intensity of thoughts, perception of duration, and the perceived distance.
Jay McInerney, Story of My Life|It's like, you can't trust anybody, and if somebody you know doesn't fuck you over it's just because the price of selling you down the river was never high enough.
Saul Bellow|Get your facts first, then you can distort them as you please.
Abhijit Naskar|There is no God besides the Self. One who knows the Self, knows God.
William Shakespeare|Of all knowledge, the wise and good seek mostly to know themselves.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Success is not about your techniques, it’s not solely about the wisdom or the knowledge you have, it’s about your mindset and your actions.
A. J. P. Taylor|Sooner or later, man has always had to decide whether he worships his own power or the power of God.
Elliot Perlman, The Street Sweeper|Perhaps that was the point; life, if you did it right, meant learning and changing. If you didn't, you died- or stopped growing - which amounted to more or less the same thing. So I would slide in and out of different roles until I discovered the one that fit me best.-Deuce, (183)
Kylie Scott, Lick|No wonder people took sex so seriously, or not seriously enough at all. Sex addled your wits and stole your body. It was like being lost and found all at once.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|You can only manage to convince a person to admit to being wrong, not ignorant, arrogant, or stupid.
Edgar Wright|Language, identity, place, home: these are all of a piece - just different elements of belonging and not-belonging.
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|Sometimes we are tested with a great idea or opportunity just to see if we will act upon it, however the timing may not be right. We are being prepared for something else down the road... When we understand that all things happen for our benefit and we trust in the Lord, then we can accept what we have termed as "failures" knowing that in the end it will all work out and we will be happy.
Nicole Locke, The Knight's Broken Promise|Kissing gave a man all sorts of immoral ideas. Such ideas were, in Madame Hera's world, the province only of men. That Ainsley herself had had ideas - her mind boggled, trying to imagine what Madame would say to that.	In fact, those very ideas cropped up in several of the letters Felicity had forwarded to her, variously referred to as 'unnatural desires,' 'longing,' 'carnal stirrings,' fever of the blood,' 'indecent thoughts' and even, memorably, 'an irrepressible need to scratch an itch.
Alicia Cook, Stuff I've Been Feeling Lately|The first time my heart broke, I thought back tothe day in my childhood when a piece of glass wentthrough my finger after an ill-fated cartwheel.I was eleven years old.My mother and I were in our bathroom cleaningup the wound. She dribbled peroxide onto the cut.It fizzed and burned; I winced at the pain.It needs to burn so you know it’s healing,she explained.That small exchange during my adolescence helpedme learn to appreciate the pain pulsating from mybroken heart. In spite of the severity of my wound,I knew the healing process had already begun.
Claire Merle|When did my youth slip away from me? I suddenly thought. It was over, wasn't it? Seemed just like yesterday I was still only half grown up. Huey Lewis and the News had a couple of hit songs then. Not so many years ago. And now here I was, inside a closed circuit, spinning my wheels. Knowing I wasn't getting anywhere but spinning just the same. I had to. Had to keep that up or I wouldn't be able to survive.
Peter Singer|There are many ways of encouraging people to make life better other than joining a political party. Politics with a small 'p' isn't just about darkened committee rooms, endless meetings - it is about giving people the right to make decisions about our lives.
Casey Wilson|I had the perfect job for a gamer. From February to October, I'd get up at 7 in the morning with nothing to do but play games until I had to be at the park around 1 or 2 o'clock. When I got back after the game, I played until 3 or 4 in the morning.
Eliza Freed, Forgive Me|We are together. That means I don’t look at another woman the way I look at you. I don’t touch another woman the way I touch you. I don’t feel about any woman the way I feel about you. Got it? Don’t ever think I’d throw away what we have for a cheap, meaningless fuck. You either trust me, or you don’t. So what’s it going to be? -Ronin Black
Heather     James, Fire|Her mother was by turns tender and pathetic and terrifying, broken in a way that no one, in that time or place, had any idea how to fix.
David Bohm|A more consistent and sustainable relationship with China will be a core goal of my administration. That requires open channels of communication, both with China's leadership and the Taiwanese people.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Resurrection, rebirth, reincarnation, resprout, revive! All these words can be summarised only in one word: Vacation!
Paul, Reps|[I]t would seem that to be incapable of sitting and watching with the mind completely at rest is to be incapable of experiencing the world in which we live to the full. For one does not know the world simply in thinking about it and doing about it. One must first experience it more directly, and prolong the experience without jumping to conclusions.
V.C. Andrews, Flowers in the Attic|You are beautiful like demolition. Just the thought of you draws my knuckles white. I don’t need a god. I have you and your beautiful mouth, your hands holding onto me, the nails leaving unfelt wounds, your hot breath on my neck. The taste of your saliva. The darkness is ours. The nights belong to us. Everything we do is secret. Nothing we do will ever be understood; we will be feared and kept well away from. ..It’s you and me in this room, on this floor. Beyond life, beyond morality. We are gleaming animals painted in moonlit sweat glow. Our eyes turn to jewels and everything we do is an example of spontaneous perfection. I have been waiting all my life to be with you. My heart slams against my ribs when I think of the slaughtered nights I spent all over the world waiting to feel your touch. The time I annihilated while I waited like a man doing a life sentence. Now you’re here and everything we touch explodes, bursts into bloom or burns to ash. History atomizes and negates itself with our every shared breath. I need you like life needs life. I want you bad like a natural disaster. You are all I see. You are the only one I want to know.
Lailah Gfty Akita|Life, life.
Oli Anderson, Synchronesia: A Depressing Existential Novel|Familiarity breeds contempt, for others at first, but then inwardly, contempt towards ourselves.
Amy Vanderbilt|Intensity of connection,Depth of emotion,Unified thoughts,No doubts in the significance of you.
Walter Jon Williams, Rogues|How speak about an art which no one recognizes as an art? I know that a great deal has already been written about the "art of the cinema". One can read about it most every day in the newspapers & the magazines. But it is not the art of the cinema which you will find discussed therein--it is rather dire, botched embryo as it now stands revealed before our eyes, the still-birth which was mangled in the womb by the obstetricians of art.
Alston Gray, How to Own a Car on the Cheap (without sacrificing quality)|Our mind is a garden, our thoughts are the seeds. We can grow flowers or we can grow weeds. Don't forget to water it!
David Mitchell, Slade House|Grief is an amputation, but hope is incurable haemophilia: you bleed and bleed and bleed.
Simon Newcomb|In Italy, on the breaking up of the Roman Empire, society might be said to be resolved into its original elements, - into hostile atoms, whose only movement was that of mutual repulsion.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Kiss an Angel|He shook his head. "The next time I hear a women going on about how neurotic men are, I'm going to remember this. You tell me you like my body, and what do I say? I say, thank you. Then I tell you I like yours and what do I hear? A long lists of grievances.
Ta-Nehisi Coates|Poetry, being supremely useless, by its very existence represents a protest against the so-called 'real world' of busy-ness and moneymaking, so we must embrace, salute and support our poets.
Elizabeth Marx, Descent of Blood|Severian moved toward her, kneeling in front of her. His voice was pleading when he said, "When I return I mean to make you mine.""Do not return here Milord." She tried to pull away but some pain she saw in his face kept her eyes locked on him. "I am for Montparte.""You have my heart Meri and I will not settle for less than an equal measure of yours.
Hilary Mantel, Wolf Hall|Follow your gut, Storyteller, it will lead to your happy ending.
Molly Harper, The Art of Seducing a Naked Werewolf|Ah, spite, the stuff of fairy tales.
Lauren Oliver|Hypocrites,’ replied Cale, ‘I’ve come across a lot of them recently. I mean by that I understand now how many of them there are.
Sid Fleischman, The Entertainer and the Dybbuk|I couldn't begin to tell you what terrible trigger for such insanity lies deep in my sub-conscious. Though no doubt some would say that, indeed, it may be some demon of conscience. A deeply buried guilt for some unforgivable depravity. Then again, perhaps not.
Robert McKee, Story: Substance, Structure, Style, and the Principles of Screenwriting|The story ﬂared, then faded.
Theodore Roosevelt|Each time we face our fear, we gain strength, courage, and confidence in the doing.
Peter S. Beagle, A Fine and Private Place|Though I am not naturally honest, I am sometimes so by chance.
Megan McCafferty, Fourth Comings|Most of my friends from Columbia are going on to get advanced degrees. And why not? A Ph.D. is the new M.A., a master's is the new bachelor's, a B.A. is the new high school diploma, and a high school diploma is the new smiley-face sticker on your first-grade spelling test.
Richard Wilbur, The Misanthrope|My wife and I had called on Miss Stein, and she and the friend who lived with her had been very cordial and friendly and we had loved the big studio with the great paintings. I t was like one of the best rooms in the finest museum except there was a big fireplace and it was warm and comfortable and they gave you good things to eat and tea and natural distilled liqueurs made from purple plums, yellow plums or wild raspberries.Miss Stein was very big but not tall and was heavily built like a peasant woman. She had beautiful eyes and a strong German-Jewish face that also could have been Friulano and she reminded me of a northern I talian peasant woman with her clothes, her mobile face and her lovely, thick, alive immigrant hair which she wore put up in the same way she had probably worn it in college. She talked all the time and at first it was about people and places.Her companion had a very pleasant voice, was small, very dark, with her hair cut like Joan of Arc in the Boutet de Monvel illustrations and had a very hooked nose. She was working on a piece of needlepoint when we first met them and she worked on this and saw to the food and drink and talked to my wife. She made one conversation and listened to two and often interrupted the one she was not making. Afterwards she explained to me that she always talked to the wives. The wives, my wife and I felt, were tolerated. But we liked Miss Stein and her friend, although the friend was frightening. The paintings and the cakes and the eau-de-vie were truly wonderful. They seemed to like us too and treated us as though we were very good, well-mannered and promising children and I felt that they forgave us for being in love and being married - time would fix that - and when my wife invited them to tea, they accepted.
Elizabeth I, Collected Works|If I follow the inclination of my nature, it is this: beggar-woman and single, far rather than queen and married.
Colin E. Gunton, A Brief Theology of Revelation|[W]e, being who and what we are, cannot know unless we are taught by that which is other than we, and that means by the Spirit of God, albeit in diverse mediations. Though nature is relatively passive under our enquiry… it remains true that knowledge of her comes as fit, and is therefore a species of revelation…. If there is revelation of the truth of the world, it is because the Spirit of truth enables it to take place. To put it another way, the creator Spirit brings it about that human rationality is able, within the limits set to it, to encompass the truth of creation. We therefore neither control nor create our knowledge, even though the concepts by which we express it are in part the free creations of our minds. Does it not then follow that all knowledge depends on disclosure or revelation?
Gypsy Rose Lee|What is your type?"I shrugged. "Non-existent.
Melissa de la Cruz, Alex and Eliza|What Mrs. Schuyler is saying," General Schuyler added, "is that it is the Schuylers who would be honored by a union woth so brilliant and noble a personage as Colonel Hamilton.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Revenge is a lie we fabricate to ease our consciences. But like two negatives can never equal a positive, two wrong deeds cannot make a right. They only screw-up the equation.
Auliq Ice|No matter how good you are to people, you will always have barriers and enemies on your way to success
Jim Butcher, Small Favor|I hate being a teenager.""Why?""Hormones." With a sad half smile, he left.
Matt Fraction, Sex Criminals, Vol. 2: Two Worlds, One Cop|She was reasonable and rational, even through the tears. I hurt her. I know I hurt her. All I felt was anger. I wanted to yell and break stuff. Be demonstrative. Because she was being... she was so adult. And I just felt like a stupid kid. I didn't want to be in our empty place so I did what I do, I went to the movies. I wanted a big dark room to cry in.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Phantom Phantasia: Poetry for the Phantom of the Opera Phan|Pity that child who was born near Rouen,His only crime, to arrive deformed.
H. Raven Rose, Dark Eros|Leila dreamt that her Soul was on fire. It was not a nightmare. Shannon was in the dream. Shannon was telling her to wake up. She woke up, burning as if she had a fever, nearly soaking wet with sweat. Kevin was asleep beside her.
Jeannette Rankin|When we contend, let us contend for all our rights - the doubtful and the certain, the unimportant and essential. It is as easy to contend, or even more so, for the whole as for a part. At the termination of the contest, secure all that our wisdom and valour and the fortune of war will permit.
Scott Hastie|There can be no law of nature, no science,No aberrant infliction of human willThat unchained the soul cannot conquer,Simply sweep away, should it chose to.
Steven Levenkron, The Best Little Girl in the World|I go out on the porch and gaze up at the stars twinkling above, the random scattering of millions of stars. Even in a planetarium you wouldn't find as many. Some of them really look big and distinct, like if you reached your hand out intently you could touch them. The whole thing is breathtaking. Not just beautiful though--the stars like the trees in the forest, alive and breathing. And they're watching me. What I've done up till now, what I'm going to do--they know it all. Nothing gets past their watchful eyes. As I sit there under the shining night sky, again a violent fear takes hold of me. My heart's pounding a mile a minute, and I can barely breathe. All these millions of stars looking down on me, and I've never given them more than a passing thought before. Bot just stars--how many other things haven't I noticed in the world, things I know nothing about? I suddenly feel helpless, completely powerless. And I know I'll never outrun that awful feeling. (135)
فروغ فرخزاد|My whole being is a dark chantthat will carry you perpetuating youto the dawn of eternal growths and blossomingsin this chant I sighed you, ohin this chant,I grafted you to the tree, to the water, to the fire.
Liane Moriarty, Big Little Lies|What are you babbling on about, woman?" sighed Chloe. She'd picked this phrase up from her father and imitated his weary tone perfectly. They'd made the mistake of laughing the first time she did it, so she'd kept it up, and said it just often enough, and with perfect timing, so that they couldn't help but keep laughing.
Maureen Johnson, The Name of the Star|People were freaked out, but they showed it in weird ways. Back home, people would have been weeping and doing a lot of very public group hugs. At Wexford people just aggressively pretended nothing had happened.
Carl Safina, The View from Lazy Point: A Natural Year in an Unnatural World|Fishing provides time to think, and reason not to. If you have the virtue of patience, an hour or two of casting alone is plenty of time to review all you’ve learned about the grand themes of life. It’s time enough to realize that every generalization stands opposed by a mosaic of exceptions, and that the biggest truths are few indeed. Meanwhile, you feel the wind shift and the temperature change. You might simply decide to be present, and observe a few facts about the drifting clouds…Fishing in a place is a meditation on the rhythm of a tide, a season, the arc of a year, and the seasons of life... I fish to scratch the surface of those mysteries, for nearness to the beautiful, and to reassure myself the world remains. I fish to wash off some of my grief for the peace we so squander. I fish to dip into that great and awesome pool of power that propels these epic migrations. I fish to feel- and steal- a little of that energy.
James Scott, Sr. Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology|Security-by-design is an indispensable prerequisite to the establishment of vital critical infrastructure resiliency. Each device vulnerable to adversarial compromise, inflates and bolsters the exploitable cyber-attack surface that can be leveraged against targets, and every enslaved device grants adversaries carte blanche access that can be utilized to parasitically entwine malware into organizational networks and IoT microcosms, and that can be leveraged to amplify the impact and harm inflicted on targeted end-users, organizations, and government entities
George E. Woodberry|"The good old days." The only good days are ahead.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|I am dramatic," said Will. "If i had not been a Shadowhunter, i would have had a future on the stage.
Michael   Lewis, Liar's Poker|Talent, just like gold or any other precious commodity is subject to the same demand & supply economics
Junnita Jackson|I think a man's "wordplay" can be so fucking sexy!!! I love a good mind fuck!!
Brennan Manning|At Sunday worship, as in every dimension of our existence, many of us pretend to believe we are sinners. Consequently, all we can do is pretend we have been forgiven. As a result, our whole spiritual life is pseudo-repentance and pseudo-bliss.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Gay Science|Nothing is needed more than truth, and in relation to it everything else has only second-rate value."This unconditional will to truth—what is it? Is it the will not to allow oneself to be deceived? Or is it the will not to deceive? For the will to truth could be interpreted in the second way, too—if only the special case "I do not want to deceive myself" is subsumed under the generalization "I do not want to deceive." But why not deceive?But why not allow oneself to be deceived?Note that the reasons for the former principle belong to an altogether different realm from those for the second. One does not want to allow oneself to be deceived because one assumes that it is harmful, dangerous, calamitous to be deceived. In this sense, science would be a long-range prudence, a caution, a utility; but one could object in all fairness: How is that? Is wanting not to allow oneself to be deceived really less harmful, less dangerous, less calamitous? What do you know in advance of the character of existence to be able to decide whether the greater advantage is on the side of the unconditionally mistrustful or of the unconditionally trusting?
Adam L. Feldman, Journaling: Catalyzing Spiritual Growth Through Reflection|There is good even in church people. You find it hard to believe, right? Jesus never shut the door on religious people. He just made sure that they understand He was that door, and not their deeds and tasks. Some of us, even I, need to be reminded of this. This being understood, the people of the church are like broken pieces of glass fixed into beautiful mosaic to reflect Jesus. The picture is beautiful, but the pieces do indeed still have sharp edges that can cut.
Glen Duncan, I, Lucifer|The question 'What was there before creation?' is meaningless. Time is a property of creation, therefore before creation there was no before creation.
Michelle Obama|I always think about the idea that God never gives you more than you can handle, and just the idea that God would be looking at me and thinking, 'Eh, I think she can handle more.' And the angels thinking, 'What are you doing? You're a lunatic.' And God being like, 'No, no, trust me. She can handle this.'
Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth|You dive deeper, you strip away the cleverness and the words become more important than your ego and that's when you know it's real, when it's good.
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Creatures|I was only attracted to him for, like, several minutes when I first met him, but I'm attracted to everyone when I first meet them. And then it wore off. It always wears off.
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Wherever You Go, There You Are: Mindfulness Meditation in Everyday Life|Mindfulness practice means that we commit fully in each moment to be present; inviting ourselves to interface with this moment in full awareness, with the intention to embody as best we can an orientation of calmness, mindfulness, and equanimity right here and right now.
R.A.Delmonico|The value is in the worth, not in the number.
Anna Jae|Music itself has taught me never to underestimate a mistake, for, in the midst of all, it’s often in that mistake where the realm of the unexpected creation is hidden.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Creation and Fall Temptation: Two Biblical Studies|Into this world, this demented innin which there is absolutely no room for him at all,Christ comes uninvited.
Annie Besant|I think most of us are raised with preconceived notions of the choices we're supposed to make. We waste so much time making decisions based on someone else's idea of our happiness - what will make you a good citizen or a good wife or daughter or actress. Nobody says, 'Just be happy - go be a cobbler or go live with goats.'
Matshona Dhliwayo|The heavens shine on us, but God shines in us.
Antoine Lavoisier, Elements of Chemistry|We must trust to nothing but facts: These are presented to us by Nature, and cannot deceive. We ought, in every instance, to submit our reasoning to the test of experiment, and never to search for truth but by the natural road of experiment and observation.
Jay Woodman, SPAN|Prose Poems from my book SPANOBSERVATIONSo, we may not be able to explain the world. Not exactly. But we can accept it, and love it. We can turn our faces to the light and examine the minutest details simply for the sake of it. We can live lives of joy and purpose. We are all part of one whole. Take comfort in this. Almost every one of us is capable of holding a cup to another’s lips without our hands shaking.
George Crumb|A committee is organic rather than mechanical in its nature: it is not a structure but a plant. It takes root and grows, it flowers, wilts, and dies, scattering the seed from which other committees will bloom in their turn.
Esther Earl, This Star Won't Go Out: The Life and Words of Esther Grace Earl|One day I realized, without God, nothing matters. So, I asked Him into my heart.
Cherise Sinclair, Club Shadowlands|Now, can I help you with something? I’m new, but I’ll do my best to figure out how to get what you need.”…“That’s good to hear, Abby, since I need your breasts for a few minutes.
Mark Helprin, Winter's Tale|I rolled my eyes. "He's talking to himself. My vote is he's crazy." He thought about this. "Maybe he's normal and we're the crazy ones. Maybe everyone should talk to themselves. Maybe we're all just afraid of what we'd say.
Sagar Gosavi|In a world of seven billion people, where every inch of land has been mapped, much of it developed, and too much of it destroyed, the sea remains the final unseen, untouched, and undiscovered wilderness, the planet’s last great frontier. There are no mobile phones down there, no e-mails, no tweeting, no twerking, no car keys to lose, no terrorist threats, no birthdays to forget, no penalties for late credit card payments, and no dog shit to step in before a job interview. All the stress, noise, and distractions of life are left at the surface. The ocean is the last truly quiet place on Earth.
G.A. Aiken, Dragon Actually|But you should never jump unless you know you can fly, or at least float. Nobody wants to fall. That’s how you end up hurt.
Kayko Tamaki|You can play the part for so long, wear the mask, say what people expect you to say. Fight for as long as there is air in your lungs. Fly if you have wings. But you can never be free from someone who won't let you go.
L.L. Barkat|Writers, even unpublished writers, have a tendency not to notice what’s going on around them when they are the center of attention.
Stephen J. Day, Horizontal - The Recumbent Adventures of Philias Switchmoat|Please stop shaking your rain water in my direction. What next? Are you going to come over here, cock your leg and urinate upon my person?
Tommy Lasorda|Every age has its storytelling form, and video gaming is a huge part of our culture. You can ignore or embrace video games and imbue them with the best artistic quality. People are enthralled with video games in the same way as other people love the cinema or theatre.
Friedrich Nietzsche|For one thing is needful: that a human being should attain satisfaction with himself, whether it be by means of this or that poetry or art; only then is a human being at all tolerable to behold. Whoever is dissatisfied with himself is constantly ready for revenge, and we others will be his victims, if only by having to endure his ugly sight.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|Where do you think they've gone?' he said.'Where what?' said Lady Ramkin, temporarily halted.'The dragons. You know. Errol and his wi - female.''Oh, somewhere isolated and rocky, I should imagine,' said Lady Ramkin. 'Favourite country for dragons.''But it - she's a magical animal,' said Vimes. 'What'll happen when the magic goes away?'Lady Ramkin gave him a shy smile.'Most people seem to manage,' she said.She reached across the table and touched his hand.
Julia Roberts|I probably have an earlier curfew than anyone. My mom wants to keep me really safe and my dad's not overly protective, but he's a dad no matter what.
John Banville, Birchwood|We imagine that we remember things as they were, while in fact all we carry into the future are fragments which reconstruct a wholly illusory past. That first death we witness will always be a murmur of voices down a corridor and a clock falling silent in the darkened room, the end of love is forever two spent cigarettes in a saucer and a white door closing.
Carl William Brown, L'Italia in breve.|In Italy there are about 60 million people and we know howhigh is the percentage of morons on national soil. However, inChina there are about 1.4 billion people and in India almost 1.3billion. Therefore I wonder then, if more or less all the world isa small village, with how many morons should we have to cometo terms on the territory of this stupid planet. It's the same theworld over, or the world is the same wherever you go!
Bernard Kelvin Clive, Your Dreams Will Not Die|I know this is your hand now,' she tells him. "Roland would have never touched me like that." Connor smiles, and Risa takes a moment to look down at the shark on his wrist. It holds no fear for her now, because the shark has been tamed by the soul of a boy. No- the soul of a man.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|You might plan how to sleep but you can't plan how you wake up. He who plans how to sleep is a Planer, he who plans out to wake up is a Dreamer.
Mark Zuckerberg|If I have one technology tip of the day, it's this: No matter how good the video on YouTube is, don't read the comments, just don't, because it will make you hate all humans.
Phyllis Reynolds Naylor, The Grooming of Alice|His face looked almost as gray as his suit, and the pouches beneath his eyes looked like little bags for holding all the sadness that his head couldn't hold.
Kristin Cashore, Fire|I know this is war, but the rest of us are trying to pretend it's a party.
Arundhati Roy, The Checkbook and the Cruise Missile: Conversations with Arundhati Roy|Any person or nation can successfully duplicate any achievement that a person or nation succeeded in attaining. I am sure that Africa and other economically backward countries, that are sometimes referred to as third world countries, can attain a very high rate of development much faster than the time it took Europe and other first world countries.
William Carey, The Life of William Carey|Stop living a double life, God isn't looking for a part- time christian but he's looking for a full-time Christian.
Abraham Joshua Heschel|Thousand people, thousand heart, thousand opinions;One truth.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|I am thankful when I am hungry because then I know that when I eat, the food will taste better. Life has taught me that my true contentment rests in hope, and the pleasure itself is secondary. It is self-awareness, not happiness, that maintains peace.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With a humble heart, great grace abound.
Michael Porter|It would appear that we have reached the limits of what it is possible to achieve with computer technology, although one should be careful with such statements, as they tend to sound pretty silly in 5 years.
Jay Kristoff, Illuminae|So odd a pair, she and he. A duet in code and electron. Age and youth and cynicism and hope. He is quicker than her - more learned by far. But she. She is unafraid. Too young to know failure and the fear it brings. She takes him places he would not have explored by himself.She is catalyst. She is chaos. I can see why he loves her.
June Carter Cash|Stood off and on during the night, determining not to come to anchor till morning, fearing to meet with shoals; continued our course in the morning; and as the island was found to be six or seven leagues distant, and the tide was against us, it was noon when we arrived there.
Trisha McCagh, Stories from the Animal Whisperer: What Your Pet Is Thinking and Trying to Tell You|Clearly, animals know more than we think, and think a great deal more than we know.
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich: The Landmark Bestseller - Now Revised and Updated for the 21st Century|If you are ready for the secret, you already possess one half of it,therefore, you will readily recognize the other half the moment it reaches your mind.
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|The world holds two classes of men--intelligent men without religion, and religious men withoutintelligence.poet
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Don’t spoil kids by trying to buy them off, to buy their time. Kids aren’t stupid. They know a bribe when they see one. They want a parent not a payoff.
Josephine Angelini, Goddess|Death isn't the end of your life, you know. Your body is a lock. Death is the key. The key turns... and you're free. To be anywhere. Everywhere. Two places at once. Nowhere. Part of the background hum of the universe.
C.B. Lee, Not Your Sidekick|Maybe Jess was caught up with these ridiculous, impossible ideas because it meant she never had to try for something real.
Christopher Paolini, Eldest|If any honor existed in war, it was in fighting to protect others from harm
Jennifer Donnelly, A Northern Light|I could almost hear the characters inside, murmuring and jostling, impatient for me to open the cover and let them out.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Wrinkle in Time|She was enfolded in the great wings of Mrs. Whatsit and she felt comfort and strength pouring through her. Mrs. Whatsit was not speaking aloud, and yet through the wings Meg understood words."My child, do not despair. Do you think we would have brought you here if there was no hope? We are asking you to do a difficult thing, but we are confident that you can do it. Your father needs help, he needs courage, and for his children he may be able to do what he cannot do for himself.
Noam Chomsky|In mathematics, in physics, people are concerned with what you say, not with your certification. But in order to speak about social reality, you must have the proper credentials, particularly if you depart from the accepted framework of thinking. Generally speaking, it seems fair to say that the richer the intellectual substance of a field, the less there is a concern for credentials, and the greater is concern for content.
Sigmund Freud|Religious toleration, to a certain extent, has been won, because people have ceased to consider religion so important as it was once thought to be. But in politics and economics, which have taken the place formerly occupied by religion, there is a growing tendency to persecution, which is not by any means confined to one party.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|When you mix with the wrong energy, there's bound to be an explosion. Pay attention and switch lanes when the signal changes. What's really real, is ultimately revealed.
Rachel Caine, Bitter Blood|It’s very difficult sometimes to put into words one’s feelings, especially when one is not quite certain what those feelings are. (Catherine)
Ramesh Menon, Bhagavata Purana|One's longing is not so much there for sense-gratification, profit and self-preservation, instead one's karma is there for no other purpose than inquiring after the Absolute Truth.
S.J. Molloy, Luminoso|They view New York as Satan's waiting room." "If this is the waiting room, where does the guy reside or work?" "New Jersey, I assume," Kyle said with a smile. "I mean, dude, have you been to Jersey?
Ming-Dao Deng, Everyday Tao: Living with Balance and Harmony|I darted away from Geir and jmped through the gaping hole in the wall Will's body had made. The settling dust choked me, but I made it through and ran to Will. He was struggling to his feet, leaning heavily on his sword as the point dug into the cold ground. When I reached him, I dropped my swords and wrapped my arms around his chest."I've got you," I said, helping him lift his torso the rest of the way up. I heard a sickening snap in his chest as he groaned, and I knew something was broken. He buried his face into my shoulder and growled in pain.
John Hoeven|I'm not up on the Internet, but I hear that is a democratic possibility. People can connect with each other. I think people are ready for something, but there is no leadership to offer it to them. People are ready to say, 'Yes, we are part of a world.'
David R. Smock, Interfaith Dialogue and Peacebuilding|I strongly feel that it is only when there is a deep understanding of one's own religious beliefs and commitments that progress can be made in achieving true understanding and respect for the religious values and beliefs of others. Engaging in interfaith dialogue does not in any way mean undermining one's own faith or religious tradition. Indeed, interfaith dialogue is constructive only when people become firmly grounded in their own religious traditions and through that process gain a willingness to listen and respect the beliefs of other religions. (by Cilliers, Ch. 3, p. 48-49)
Felicity Brandon, Hide & Seek|She saw each of the men enter the room and look her up and down. One by one their eyes followed her, watching her every move. Suddenly she ripped the covers off the bed and laid down on it, turned and looked back at them longingly, silently communicating with her actions and expectant stare that she was ready.
Richard N. Bolles, What Color Is Your Parachute? 2012: A Practical Manual for Job-Hunters and Career-Changers|As most of us know, the proper attitude toward ourselves is called “good self-esteem.” But self-esteem isan art. An art of balance. A balance between thinking too little of ourselves, and thinking too much ofourselves.The name for thinking too much of ourselves is “egotism.” So, how do we adopt the proper attitude toward our gifts—speaking of them honestly, humbly,gratefully—without sounding egotistical? Just this: the more you see your own gifts clearly, the more youmust pay attention to the gifts that others have. The more sensitive you become to how unusual you are, themore you must become sensitive to how unusual those around you are. The more you pay attention toyourself, the more you must pay attention to others. The more you ponder the mystery of You, the more youmust ponder the mystery of all those you encounter, every loved one, every friend, every acquaintance,every stranger.Self-esteem is an art. It is the art of balance. A balance between thinking too little of ourselves, andthinking too much of ourselves. But we can only think too much of ourselves if we lose sight of others.Look at yourself, but equally look at them—with wonder.That is the proper attitude we all should set as our goal.
Craig S. Keener, Gift & Giver: The Holy Spirit for Today|That Jesus is popular in Mark 2:2, however, is not a general model for Christian ministry; the rest of Mark itself shows that eventually crowds denounced Jesus (15:13–14). From these narratives we might learn to use any popularity for good at the moment but not to count on it enduring.
Hope Alcocer, Where Hope Lies|We never looked quite right on paper, but that's what made us so great. We were exactly what we wanted to be...and that was happy.
Ronald Rolheiser, The Holy Longing: The Search for a Christian Spirituality|In his heart, some tiny piece of what hadn't happened would lodge.
Paul Harding, Enon|What an awful thing then, being there in our house together with our daughter gone, trying to be equal to so many sudden orders of sorrow, any one of which alone would have wrenched us from our fragile orbits around each other.
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|He wondered if it was safe to grin. Very slowly and carefully, he grinned. It was safe.
Cherie Lunghi|I don't think that architecture is only about shelter, is only about a very simple enclosure. It should be able to excite you, to calm you, to make you think.
Sandra Vischer, Unliving the Dream|Have greater compassion and empathy for others, and don't judge anyone, because you have no idea what's going on in their life.
Dennis L. McKiernan|At graduation, I assumed I'd be in publishing, but first I went to England and got a master's degree in English Literature. And then I came back to New York and had a series of publishing jobs, the way one does.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|If you live with values for yourself, then you become of great value to all who know you.
Amy Rae Durreson, Reawakening|She stared at the bullwhip coiled Indiana Jones-style at his narrow waist, then at the black-handled dagger sheathed on his right hip. An obsidian rapier--Fae-forged and unbreakable--almost merged with one of the taped seams that ran down the sides of his pants. He even wore a dagger gunslinger-style at his hip. Dear Goddess, the man was a walking arsenal, but he was sexy as hell.
Michelle Hodkin, The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer|I was going to kiss him, and I was going to regret it. But at that moment, I couldn't bring myself to care.
Stephen King, 'Salem's Lot|Bees do have a smell, you know, and if they don't they should, for their feet are dusted with spices from a million flowers.
Eckhart Tolle, The Power of Now: A Guide to Spiritual Enlightenment|For awhile, I was left with nothing on the physical plane. I had no relationships, no job, no home, no socially defined identity. I spent almost two years sitting on park benches in a state of the most intense joy.
John Mark Green|She was not a girl of ice and glass at all, but a girl of sunshine and stardust.
Roman Payne, Cities & Countries|This was how it was with travel: one city gives you gifts, another robs you. One gives you the heart’s affections, the other destroys your soul. Cities and countries are as alive and feeling, as fickle and uncertain as people. Their degrees of love and devotion are as varying as with any human relation. Just as one is good, another is bad.
Matthew Heines|Wisdom of the Ages: "Ski-ing" The act of visiting Polish people.
Katrina Monroe|Writing is like giving yourself homework, really hard homework, every day, for the rest of your life. You want glamorous? Throw glitter at the computer screen.
Ace Antonio Hall|When you make a mistake, understand it not as a mistake but as a lesson. This however, is if and only if you have learned something from it.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Rilke's Book of Hours: Love Poems to God|You, God, who live next door--If at times, through the long night, I trouble youwith my urgent knocking--this is why: I hear you breathe so seldom.I know you're all alone in that room. If you should be thirsty, there's no oneto get you a glass of water.I wait listening, always. Just give me a sign!I'm right here...Sen komşu tanrı,Uzun geceler bazen,Kapına vura vura uyandırıyorsam seniSolumanı seyrek duyduğumdandır...Bilirim, yalnızsın odanda.Sana birşey gerekse kimse yok,Bir yudum su versin aradığında.Hep dinlerim, yeter ki bir ses edin,Öyle yakınım sana...
Marc Aronson, Guys Write for Guys Read|These are some of the characteristics of the state of mind which the creation and appreciation of haiku demand: Selflessness, Loneliness, Grateful Acceptance, Wordlessness, Non-intellectuality, Contradictoriness, Humor, Freedom, Non-morality, Simplicity, Materiality, Love, and Courage.
Clare Mackintosh, I See You|How fast can you run?When you really have to?In heels and a work skirt, with your bag banging against your side: how fast?When you’re late for your train and you have to get home, and you race down the platform with seconds to spare: how fast can you run?What if it isn’t a train you’re running for, but your life?If you’re late home from work, and there’s no one in sight. If you haven’t charged your phone and no one knows where you are. If the footsteps behind you are getting closer, and you know, because you do it every day, that you’re on your own; that between the platform and the exit you won’t see another soul.If there’s breath on your neck, and the panic is rising, and it’s dark, and cold, and wet.If it’s just the two of you.Just you, and whoever’s behind you.Whoever is chasing you.How fast could you run then?It doesn’t matter how fast.Because there’s always someone who can run faster.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|I travel for the jolting, angelic act of seeking strangeness and newness and profoundness.
Thich Nhat Hanh|The ignorant mind, with its infinite afflictions, passions, and evils, is rooted in the three poisons. Greed, anger, and delusion.
Steve Ballmer|The advance of technology is based on making it fit in so that you don't really even notice it, so it's part of everyday life.
Elle Sommer|We're not words...we're people. Words are how others define us, but we can define ourselves any way we choose.
David Nicholls, One Day|What if it rained or you felt a bit glandy? It just wasn't practical. Better by far to simply try and be good and courageous and bold and to make a difference. Not change the world exactly, but the bit around you.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you can strike the cord of consistency on the guitar of life, the world will dance to your music of greatness
Anonymous, The Answer: Authentic Faith for an Uncertain World|Most importantly, love each other deeply, because love cause many sins to be forgiven. - 1 Peter 4:8
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Conscience defined by the elders,passed on to the next generations.
Milton Friedman|If you don't seize the opportunity, how do you know what will happen? Sometimes you have to take the chance
E'yen A. Gardner, Have It Your Way: A Practical Guide to Living Life on Your Terms|The worst weapon of your enemy, rival, competitor, distractor is creating self-doubt in you and/or your team. They cannot win you without first destroying your self-worth.
Lonely Island|If you wanna make friends at the ATM, do the creep.
Katina Marshell Cotton-Sliwa|Affirmation 4 us: I appreciate myself, and I am honored to be me because I am a perfect extension of God.
Lili St. Crow, Jealousy|I said I was impressed, Martha. I'm beside myself with jealousy. What do you want me to do, throw up?
René Descartes|If you would be a real seeker after truth, it is necessary that at least once in your life you doubt, as far as possible, all things.
Tony Hawk|My sister is a mess. I love her to death, but she is a mess.
Roger Casement, The trial of Sir Roger Casement|...if charity begins at home, empire begins in other men's homes.
Guy de Maupassant|I try to make people smile and dance, not think about things or educate them.
Mark Clifton, They'd Rather Be Right|[H]e quoted eloquently from the Bill of Rights, the Constitution, the Gettysburg Address, and a section which had been stricken from his party's platform seventy-five years ago. He was not quite clear on what all this had to do with [the present situation], but it was noble and stirring and would bring in a lot of votes.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Silmarillion|The truth is: the natural world is changing. And we are totally dependent on that world. It provides our food, water and air. It is the most precious thing we have and we need to defend it.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If your dream doesn't scare you, it's not big enough.
Plutarch, The Lives of the Noble Grecians and Romans, Vol 1|If you want to live a life free of regret, there is an option open to you. It’s called a lobotomy.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|We have to define future worlds by imagining them first together.Otherwise, we will deal with no man's lands and potential conflicts.
Eugene V. Debs|While there is a lower class, I am in it. While there is a criminal element, I am of it.While there is a soul in prison, I am not free.
Charles Bukowski|Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our Light, not our Darkness, that most frightens us.
Israelmore Ayivor|Only one wish I have, and that is to die a happy man.
Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot|The best form of government is one that is dying, because that means it’s giving way to something else.
Evelyn Skye, The Crown's Game|Imagine, and it shall be.There are no limits.⁠⁠⁠⁠
Brandon Sanderson, Warbreaker|if every one is left to judge of his own religion, there is no such thing as a religion that is wrong; but if they are to judge of each other’s religion, there is no such thing as a religion that is right; and therefore all the world is right, or all the world is wrong.
Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland|We sit silently and watch the world around us. This has taken a lifetime to learn. It seems only the old are able to sit next to one another and not say anything and still feel content. The young, brash and impatient, must always break the silence. It is a waste, for silence is pure. Silence is holy. It draws people together because only those who are comfortable with each other can sit without speaking. This is the great paradox.
Maggie  Hall, The Conspiracy of Us|The sun came out the next day, which it had no right to do.
Rebecca Solnit, The Mother of All Questions|How long does it take to see something, to know someone? If you put in years, you realize how little you grasped at the start, even when you thought you knew. We move through life mostly not seeing what is around us, not knowing who is around us, not understanding the forces at play, not understanding ourselves. Unless we stay with it, and maybe this is a movie about staying with it.
Miley Cyrus|Beauty, to me is about being comfortable in your own skin.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|I like to be somewhere at least where you can see a few girls around once in a while, even if they're only scratching their arms or blowing their noses or even just giggling or something.
Justin Trudeau|I'm not difficult to work with, trust me.
Muammar al-Gaddafi|Like anyone, you could love someone, and it doesn't mean that you're equipped or you were taught or have the patience or the love or the wherewithal to be a good parent. One has nothing to do with the other.
Meg Wolitzer, The Interestings|Be careful what you get good at doin', cuz you'll be doin' it for the rest of your life.
Ivan Turgenev|Man should be master of his environment, not its slave. That is what freedom means.
Anthony T. Hincks|A.I. might be straight out of science fiction, but it's going to turn into man's worst nightmare.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|As a lifetime people pleaser, I remember trying to mold myself into the person I thought other people wanted me to be—all for the sake of being liked and accepted. It caused more pain than gain.
Jenny Holiday, The Likelihood of Lucy|Lulled into complacency, one of the brigands' hands loosened on his arm, and Warren had his chance. Breaking free, he grabbed a handful of Red's braids and tangled his fingers in the silky plaited coils. She cried out, flailing her arms, but he dragged her against him as he fell backward, pulling her down on top of him.	The warriors' retaliation was prompt...
Bram Stoker, Dracula|Remember my friend, that knowledge is stronger than memory, and we should not trust the weaker
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|You could never prove innocence, not in the match with the man who only had to imply guilt.
Amos Oz|It makes a big difference when men respect women. There are a lot of men who don't, so that's the main quality that would make a good man a great man.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Discover more about yourself, dream wild dreams because what others see in you right is just a mild chapter of you; the wild chapter will unfold sooner! Dare to dream and shape the dream every day!
Kirtida Gautam, #iAm16iCan|It is no better if your son rapes a woman than when your daughter gets raped. It is equally painful, may be more.~ Rudransh Kashyap
Neil Gaiman, Preludes & Nocturnes|Behind our wise words lie rare jewels;behind our reckless ones, bombs.
Lan Samantha Chang, Hunger|Haven't we all, as time continues, found that we must be kind to ourselves and listen to our thoughts, because fewer and fewer of those remain who know what is most real to us?
Pam Dawber|It is utterly false and cruelly arbitrary to put all the play and learning into childhood, all the work into middle age, and all the regrets into old age.
Robertson Davies, Leaven of Malice|The filling of the Holy Spirit brings a sharp separation between the believer and the world.Actually, after Pentecost, they were looking at another world. They really saw another world.Nowadays, we perceive that even a large part of evangelical Christianity is trying to convert this world to the church. We are bringing the world in head over heels--unregenerated, uncleansed, unshriven, unbaptized, unsanctified. we are bringing the world right into the church. If we can get some big shot to say something nice about the church, we rush into print and tell about this fellow and what nice things he said. I don't care at all about big shots because I serve a living Saviour, and Jesus Christ is Lord of lords and King of kings. I believe every man ought to know this ability to see another world.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The years would pass like weeks, and loves would pass too, or else grow sour.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When you read without an open mind, you're already filtering ideas and intended message. Selective reading contributes to wilful ignorance.
Anthony Liccione|It was the first and only fight of his childhood, but it had taught him a valuable lesson about human nature, how people were just another species of animal, and like any animal, from the biggest predators, to the smallest scavengers, most human beings could only be pushed so far before they lashed out.
Patrick Swayze|Communism is the death of the soul. It is the organization of total conformity - in short, of tyranny - and it is committed to making tyranny universal.
Gregory Maguire, Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West|Where I'm from, we believe in all sorts of things that aren't true... we call it history.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|We live by revelation, as Christians, as artists, which means we must be careful never to get set into rigid molds. The minute we begin to think we know all the answers, we forget the questions, and we become smug like the Pharisee who listed all his considerable virtues, and thanked God that he was not like other men.Unamuno might be describing the artist as well as the Christian as he writes, "Those who believe they believe in God, but without passion in the heart, without anguish of mind, without uncertainty, without doubt, and even at times without despair, believe only in the idea of God, and not in God himself.
Rhys Ifans|Poetry. I read Walt Whitman, Emily Dickinson, and Jane Hirschfield. I like to read Billy Collins out loud.
Armaan Malik|The historical profession is nowhere famous for its tolerance, but there are not many countries where historians can expect to pay for their opinions with penal servitude or the firing squad.
Nicole Krauss, Man Walks Into a Room|When you are young, you think it's going to be solved by love. But it never is. Being close -- as close as you can get -- to another person only makes clear that impassable distance between you."[…]"I don't know. If being in love only made people more lonely, why would everyone want it so much?""Because of the illusion. You fall in love, it's intoxicating, and for a little while you feel like you've actually become one with the other person. Merged souls, and so on. You thing you'll never be lonely again. Only it doesn't last and soon you realize you can only get so close, and you end up brutally disappointed, more alone that ever, because the illusion - the hope you'd held on to all those years - has been shattered." […] "But see, the incredible thing about people is that we forget." Ray continued. "Time passes and somehow the hope creeps back and sooner or later someone else comes along and we think this is the one. And the whole thing starts all over again. We go through our lives like that, and either we just accept the lesser relationship - it may not be total understanding, but it's pretty good - or we keep trying for that perfect union, trying and failing, leaving behind us a trail of broken hearts, our own included. In the end, we die as alone as we were born, having struggled to understand others, to make ourselves understood, but having failed in what we once imagined was possible.
Aleister Crowley, 777 and Other Qabalistic Writings of Aleister Crowley|It must be most dangerous then to be a man. It is indeed, madame, and but few survive it
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|Fueled by faith and passion for our true priorities we're going to drive against traffic in order to find rest, refreshment, and time for what matters most in life.
Kaye rodger|We must never forget that while striving to leave a better planet to our kids, it is just as important that we strive to leave better kids to our planet.
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|To confront death, in any guise, is to identify with the victim and face what is unsettling and sobering
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|So many people die though they live, and it is not as if they don’t have life; they only refuse to keep breathing!
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|At the beginning of that interval a type-machine was a curiosity. The person who owned one was a curiosity, too. But now it is the other way about: the person who doesn't own one is a curiosity.
Jenn Cooksey, The Other Fish in the Sea|True, but Little Sister is patient and she's always watching.
William Shakespeare, Shakespeare's Sonnets|For I have sworn thee fair, and thought thee bright,Who art as black as hell, as dark as night.
Fred Woodworth|Exhortations to obstruct the operations of Government in detail, should; Exhortations to resist all.
Gavin de Becker, The Gift of Fear: Survival Signals That Protect Us from Violence|It made me feel better. Mouse might not have been thesmartest creature on earth, but he was steady, kind, loyal, andwas possessed of the uncanny wisdom of beasts for knowingwhom to trust. I might not have been a superhero, but Mousethought that I was pretty darned cool. That meant something. Itwould have to be enough.
Jennifer Shirk, Wedding Date for Hire|I think it wasn’t the Cirque du Soleil audition that was my once-in-a-lifetime opportunity, it’s Rory.
G.K. Chesterton, The Everlasting Man|Nobody understands the nature of the Church, or the ringing note of the creed descending from antiquity, who does not realize that the whole world once very nearly died of broadmindedness and the brotherhood of all religions.
Benjamin R.  Smith, Atlas|. “We’re both... I mean, you’re more so, but we’re both really fucked up emotionally. I mean, how do I know you’re not still loopy from being shot full of... of...”“Benzodiazepine,” he said.“Yes, that.” Victoria’s eyes met with his a moment and then looked away. “It’s been awhile for me,” she said at last. “I mean, I’ve slept with people...”“So have I,” he said.
Hélder Câmara|If there is some corner of the world which has remained peaceful, but with a peace based on injustices the peace of a swamp with rotten matter fermenting in its depths - we may be sure that that peace is false. Violence attracts violence. Let us repeat fearlessly and ceaselessly: injustices bring revolt, either from the oppressed or from the young, determined to fight for a more just and more human world.
Felicia Martin, Floetry: Flowing Like Poetry|A statement of truth, and that is:Everything I have accomplished is Thanks to the Lord above, and without him my success would have been impossible.
Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin|Daughter, daughter, shining brightPrecious jewel within mine sightOh, if I could soar with theeAs you seek your destiny.To see with you the caves and skiesVistas grand beneath your eyesTaking wing to horizons newLet us wonder who waits for you.A dragon bright?A dragon dark?Victor of duels with battle mark?A dragon strong?A dragon keen?Singer of honors and triumphs seen?Red, Gold, Bronze, and BlueTo your lord you shall be true,Copper, Silver, Black, and White,Who will win your mating flight?For in your hearts our future restsTo see our line with hatchlings blessedAnd for those who threaten clutch of flame,To feel the wrath of dragon-dame.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|Mountains like these and travelers in the mountains and events that happen to them here are found not only in Zen literature but in the tales of every major religion. This allegory of a physical mountain for the spiritual one that stands between each soul and its goal is an easy and natural one to make. Like those in the valley behind us, most people stand in sight of the spiritual mountains all their lives and never enter them, being content to listen to others who have been there and thus avoid the hardships. Some travel into the mountains accompanied by experienced guides who know the best and least dangerous routes by which they arrive at their destination. Still others, inexperienced and untrusting, attempt to make their own routes. Few of these are successful, but occasionally some, by sheer will and luck and grace, do make it. Once there they become more aware than any of the others that there's no single or fixed number of routes. There are as many routes as there are individual souls.
Gary Vaynerchuk|Hell, there are no rules here - we're trying to accomplish something.
Robert Ardrey, The Territorial Imperative: A Personal Inquiry Into the Animal Origins of Property and Nations|People who make use of all their senses in trying times are no less patriotic than those whose restraint is lost, whose senses are dimmed and whose brains are washed. This is also the time for the patriot to say: Enough.
Ray Comfort|Suffering! We owe to it all that is good in us, all that gives value to life; we owe to it pity, we owe to it courage, we owe to it all the virtues.
John Steinbeck, A Russian Journal|People who try to tell you what the blitz was like in London start with fire and explosion and then almost invariably end up with some very tiny detail which crept in and set and became the symbol of the whole thing for them. . . . "It's the glass," says one man, "the sound in the morning of the broken glass being swept up, the vicious, flat tinkle." ... An old woman was selling little miserable sprays of sweet lavender. The city was rocking under the bombs and the light of burning buildings made it like day. . . . And in one little hole in the roar her voice got in—a squeaky voice. "Lavender!" she said. "Buy Lavender for luck."The bombing itself grows vague and dreamlike. The little pictures remain as sharp as they were when they were new.
Patton Oswalt, Zombie Spaceship Wasteland|Old love, middle love, the kind of love that knows itself and knows that nothing lasts, is a desperate shared wildness.
Carl Lentz, Own The Moment|I made the fearful decision to head to Sydney, Australia, to study the Bible. My calling, my wife, Laura, my church, my passion—all were behind the scariest door of all time. Since that day, this remains exactly true: Fear never leaves. But the way we handle it can always change.
Shon Mehta, Modern Parables|I realized that the wonder is not that conditions are so bad, but that humanity has advanced so far in spite of them. & now I am in the fight to change things. I may be a dreamer, but dreamers are necessary to make facts!
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|What makes one person approachable and another one not? That simple difference alone can make or break your success in your life, in your relationships, and in your career.
J.A. Perez|People assume when you're swimming in a river you are supposed to know which way you are going, and I guess some of the time that is true, but there are certain currents that are very strong, and it's when we are in those currents we need somebody to come along, pull us out, and guide us in a safer direction. (page 18)
Ryan Tedder|I never set out to become 'famous.' I mean, when you're 14 you think 'I'm gonna become a writer and people will want my autograph and that'll be cool,' but you grow up and you learn that's just not how the world works. I resigned myself to the fact that I would probably never be published and if I did it probably wouldn't be a big deal.
Roz Chast|We've enshrined the purity, sanctity, value, and importance of bringing children into the world, yet we don't discuss death. There used to be an enshrined period where mourning was a necessary part of going through the process of grieving; death wasn't considered morbid or antisocial. But that's totally gone.
Álvaro de Campos|It’s the poet we love in Caeiro, not the philosopher. What we really get from these poems is a childlike sense of life, with all the direct materiality of the child’s mind, and all the vital spirituality of hope and increase that exist in the body and soul of nescient childhood. Caeiro’s work is a dawn that wakes us up and quickens us; a more that material, more than anti-spiritual dawn. It’s an abstract effect, pure vacuum, nothingness.
Gilbert K. Chesterton|If you can ensure happiness and public order, the country will go ahead well, just like what all Thais want.
Mary Potter Kenyon, Refined By Fire: A Journey of Grief and Grace|Tonight I attend my thirty-fifth high school reunion with some trepidation.I have not seen most of these former classmates for thirty-some years. I am not the same young girl they knew in high school. What they cannot know, what I am just realizing myself, is that I am not even the same person I was two years ago.
Audrey Niffenegger, Her Fearful Symmetry|When we were that young we invented the world, no one could tell us a thing.
LeBron James|I always loved the way music made me feel. I did sports at school and all, but when I got home, it was just music. Everybody in my neighborhood loved music. I could jump the back fence and be in the park where there were ghetto blasters everywhere.
James Joyce, Dubliners|He lived at a little distance from his body, regarding his own acts with doubtful side-glasses.
Margaret Way, A Lesson in Loving|If you can deceive the Devil, you can no longer call yourself as human!
Debasish Mridha|In the darkest sky, stars hang on high; showing us the light of hope and telling us that dreams never die, don’t see the darkness, wait for the morning sun.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|Every man with a little leisure and enough money for railway tickets, every man, indeed, who knows how to read, has it in his power to magnify himself, to multiply the ways in which he exists, to make his life full, significant and interesting.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|Pretty average headlines for a worldwide catastrophe," Jane remarked as she read from Hollywood's Highest. "Some man in Africa claimed to have found the cure for AIDS, yet another politician said something about the president and now formally regrets it, and a pop star OD'd while an actress lost fifteen pounds overnight, and here's how you can, too!" She continued reading. "Oh, wow. The 'Celebrititties' section says she was in a car accident and her arms had to be amputated. Damn.
Lukhman Pambra|Between a man and a woman, betrayal is not the ultimate sin. It is the withdrawal and departure from one another devoid of a decent just!
Vincent van Gogh|I am always doing what I cannot do yet, in order to learn how to do it.
Lisa Canfield|Kiss me. My lips are on fire.You, my friend, are the object of mysecret desire.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|Everything we go through, the good and the bad, make us who we are; why would I want to be anyone else?
Frederick Douglass, Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass|I love the pure, peaceable, and impartial Christianity of Christ: I therefore hate the corrupt, slaveholding, women-whipping, cradle-plundering, partial and hypocritical Christianity of this land.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The world of possibilities surround you, if thy will look.
God through Paul in Corinthians 13:4-8a|First, I have not minded so much leaving the Garden because God, blessed be his holy name, has never abandoned us.
Ho Chi Minh|I think the Hispanic community, the values that resonate in our community, are fundamentally conservative. They are faith, family, patriotism.
Ransom Riggs, Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children|To have endured horrors, to have seen the worst of humanity and have your life made unrecognizable by it, to come out of all that honorable and brave— that was magical.
Yukako Kabei, Kieli, Volume 7: As the Deep Ravine's Wind Howls|Though his health and family had been broken in the process, he'd found his purpose in life — to share the ancient key discovered anew in the garden: if we feed the earth, it will feed us.I see that is the secret, too, to living. Though the earth demands its sacrifices, spring will always return
Susan Meissner, Why the Sky Is Blue|Sometimes asking God for a reason for something is like asking Him why the sky is blue. There is a complex, scientific reason for it, Claire, but most children, including you, are content with knowing it is blue because it is. If we understood everything about everything, we would have no need for faith.
Suzanne Rindell, The Other Typist|Now, I would say to myself, you are feeling alienated from people and unlike other people, therefore you are projecting your discomfort onto them. When you look at a face, you see a blob of rubber because you are worried that your face is a blob of rubber.This clarity made me able to behave normally, which posed some interesting questions. Was everybody seeing this stuff and acting as though they weren’t? Was insanity just a matter of dropping the act? If some people didn’t see these things, what was the matter with them? Were they blind or something? These questions had me unsettled.
Susan George|Take air quality in the United States today: It's about 30 percent better than it was 25 years ago, even though there are now more people driving more cars.
Debasish Mridha|Like a flower, bloom with all your love and power.
Anthony Liccione|Time' is actually the best gift, given to us by our Creator.
Noam Chomsky, Imperial Ambitions: Conversations on the Post-9/11 World|The two main criminals are France and the United States. They owe Haiti enormous reparations because of actions going back hundreds of years. If we could ever get to the stage where somebody could say, 'We're sorry we did it,' that would be nice. But if that just assuages guilt, it's just another crime. To become minimally civilized, we would have to say, 'We carried out and benefited from vicious crimes. A large part of the wealth of France comes from the crimes we committed against Haiti, and the United States gained as well. Therefore we are going to pay reparations to the Haitian people.' Then you will see the beginnings of civilization.
Mary Tyler Moore|I feel about my dogs now, and all the dogs I had prior to this, the way I feel about children—they are that important to me. When I have lost a dog I have gone into a mourning period that lasted for months.
Charmaine J. Forde|Two to three hours of studying a night, Is good medicine for the soul,I have tried this remedy,It never grows old
Elizabeth Gaskell, Ruth|...somehow, the very errors and faults of one individual served to call out the higher excellencies in another, and so they re-acted upon each other, and the result of short discords was exceeding harmony and peace.
Steven Magee|The next time you hear a person say, 'I don't have time' or 'I have no time,' Take a moment to be with them. Without time, that somebody becomes a nobody.
Sean Carroll, The Particle at the End of the Universe: How the Hunt for the Higgs Boson Leads Us to the Edge of a New World|Infinity...is used in physics simply as a shorthand for "a very big number.
Elizabeth Strout, My Name Is Lucy Barton|This is not the story of my marriage. I cannot tell that story: I cannot take hold of, or lay out for anyone, the many swamps and grasses and pockets of fresh air and dank air that have gone over us.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|I don´t care what name you called me before, give me a new name. My old name is not important but my new name is very important. Did they call you Barren? your new name is pregnant.
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Pastrix: The Cranky, Beautiful Faith of a Sinner & Saint|I shoved him off the snowmobile. He landed on his back in the snow. "Love is a brat, you think? No, love id fine. You are the brat, you spoiled, rotten brat!
Horia Sima|There is no doubt, that in this world, there are all sorts of people who look nice, but are empty inside; who do not feel either moral or spiritual aspirations in addition to the physical gifts with which nature blessed them ... But Corneliu Codreanu, his magnificient physique corresponds to an exceptional inner wholeness. Exclamations of admiration from men left him indifferent. Praise angered him. He had only a fighter's greatness and the ambition of great reformers... The characteristic of his soul was goodness. If you want to penetrate the initial motive which prompted Corneliu Codreanu to throw in a fight so hard and almost desperate, the best answer is that he did it out of compassion for suffering people. His heart bled with thousands of injuries to see the misery in which peasants and workers struggled. His love for the people - unlimited! He was sensitive to any suffering the working masses endured. He had a cult for the humble, and showed an infinite attention to their aspirations and their hopes. The smallest window, the most trivial complaint, were examined with the same seriousness with which he addressed grave political problems.
William Wordsworth|Social media is reducing social barriers. It connects people on the strength of human values, not identities.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|It takes wisdom, power and influence to be able to make a positive impact on what goes on in society and in the nation as a whole.
Salvador Dalí|Begin by learning to draw and paint like the old masters. After that, you can do as you like; everyone will respect you.
Henry David Thoreau, Civil Disobedience|Avoiding conflict isn’t peacemaking. Avoiding conflict means running away from the mess while peacemaking means running into the middle of it. Peacemaking means addressing those issues that caused conflict in the first place. Peacemaking can never be separated from doing justice. They go hand in hand. Peacemaking means having to stir the waters on the way to peace. Peacemaking means speaking the truth in love, but speaking the truth nonetheless.
Zenkei Shibayama, Flower Does Not Talk|Certainly human culture may have achieved great progress in the course of history. Suffering and unhappiness in the human world, however, do not seem to have decreased. The present situation of our world is so full of poverty, distrust, diseases, strife, that there seems to be no end. Hundreds and thousands of great men admired as saints and sages have appeared in the world in the past, and they have devoted their lives for the betterment of the world. Human suffering and unhappiness, however, do not seem to have decreased or ended. Over and over again they repeatedly, thanklessly endeavoured to fill up the well with snow. The true life of Zen is found here, when we all become true Great Fools and calmly and nonchalantly keep on doing our best, realizing well that our efforts will never be rewarded.
Malcolm X|Peace, plenty, and contentment reign throughout our borders, and our beloved country presents a sublime moral spectacle to the world.
Megan Wilson|And Father said, "Christopher, do you understand that I love you?"And I said "Yes," because loving someone is helping them when they get into trouble, and looking after them, and telling them the truth, and Father looks after me when I get into trouble, like coming to the police station, and he looks after me by cooking meals for me, and he always tells me the truth, which means that he loves me.
Dan Brown, Angels & Demons|For centuries the church has stood by while science picked away at religion bit by bit. Debunking miracles. Training the mind to overcome the heart. Condemning religion as the opiate of the masses. They denounce God as a hallucination - a delusional crutch for those too weak to accept that life is meaningless. I could not stand by while science presumed to harness the power of God himself! Proof, you say? Yes, proof of science's ignorance! What is wrong with the admission that something exists beyond our understanding? The day science substantiates God in a lab is the day people stop needing faith!
Stephen White, Critical Conditions|I hold the hands of people I never touch.I provide comfort to people I never embrace.I watch people walk into brick walls, the same ones over and over again, and I coax them to turn around and try to walk in a different direction.People rarely see me gladly. As a rule, I catch the residue of their despair. I see people who are broken, and people who only think they are broken. I see people who have had their faces rubbed in their failures. I see weak people wanting anesthesia and strong people who wonder what they have done to make such an enemy of fate. I am often the final pit stop people take before they crawl across the finish line that is marked: I give up.Some people beg me to help.Some people dare me to help.Sometimes the beggars and the dare-ers look the same. Absolutely the same. I'm supposed to know how to tell them apart.Some people who visit me need scar tissue to cover their wounds.Some people who visit me need their wounds opened further, explored for signs of infection and contamination. I make those calls, too.Some days I'm invigorated by it all. Some days I'm numbed.Always, I'm humbled by the role of helper.And, occasionally, I'm ambushed.~ Stephen White "Critical Conditions
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|Then indecision brings its own delays,  And days are lost lamenting over lost days.  Are you in earnest? Seize this very minute;  What you can do, or dream you can do, begin it;  Boldness has genius, power and magic in it.
Julie Anne Long, How the Marquess Was Won|Divinity for the sake of the simple-minded is beautiful. Those theological assertions you write, say, or live by that you later feel foolish about, it means God still lives in you enough to tell you that they were indeed foolish. By mistakes you know you are alive.
Kevin Focke|So many stars in the sky, each unique and full of destiny. I wanted more than anything to be part of those stars.I never realized becoming one would destroy me.
Velvetoscar|Aomame raised her glass to the moon and asked, “Have you gone to bed with someone in your arms lately?” The moon did not answer. “Do you have any friends?” she asked. The moon did not answer. “Don’t you get tired of always playing it cool?” The moon did not answer.
A.E. Samaan|There is no more precious currency than the unfettered liberty to explore while engaged in an "Idea Economy". You cannot centrally plan the "Idea Economy" any more than you can plan fun or spontaneity. Regulations are restraints in an "Idea Economy". The entrepreneur is either free to experiment or not.
Edward Mooney, Jr.|Given a test question, every wrong answer you eliminate from options A - E increases your chances of getting the right answer by 20percent.The more you identify what you should not be doing, the closer you get to the things you should do.
C.S. Lewis, Prince Caspian|Aslan" said Lucy "you're bigger"."That is because you are older, little one" answered he."Not because you are?""I am not. But every year you grow, you will find me bigger".
Hazrat Ali Ibn Abu-Talib A.S|Beware of speaking too much, for it increases mistakes and engenders boredom.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Every brush stroke on the canvas, every dab of color introduced, the fine textures impressed in the paint—this accumulation of many small acts combines to shape a final work of art.  And so it is with life; each step, each deed, each brief choice builds gradually, day by day, to shape both character and destiny.
Charbel Tadros|Things will happen when they should. When an event is forced, its outcome would be less than optimal.
Genny Monchamp|He was not prepared to deal with my mistake, thought Jane, and he did not understand the suffering his response would cause me. He is innocent of wrong -doing, and so am I. We shall forgive each other and go on. It was a good decision, and Jane was proud of it. The trouble was, she couldn't carry it out. Those few seconds in which parts of her mind came to a halt were not trivial in their effect on her. There was trauma, loss, change; she was not now the same being that she had been before. parts of her had died. Parts of her had become confused, out of order...She discovered, as many a living being had discovered, that rational decisions are far more easily made than carried out.
Kate Meader, One Week to Score|As you know from our trips to Belmont Park in San Diego, I can scream like a girl when required.” he said.Angie laughed then she grabbed him by the face and planted a kiss on the lips so fierce, Mel wondered if it was Angie’s way of putting a lip-lock protective spell on her man. She hoped it was and she hoped it worked.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Ideas were found by the freethinker, expressed by poet with the new words,formulated by scholar into knowledge.
Joan Didion|I write entirely to find out what I'm thinking, what I'm looking at, what I see and what it means. What I want and what I fear.
Sylvia Plath|Remember, remember, this is now, and now, and now. Live it, feel it, cling to it. I want to become acutely aware of all I’ve taken for granted.
Sunday Adelaja|I made my name”. What does this mean? It means you didn’t stop just because the way was hard, rather you found solutions to problems
Franny Billingsley, Chime|You could write your way into happiness. It might not be the happiness you'd experience if Eldric pushed Leanne from a cliff, but there's a firefly glimmer in writing something that would please Rose.
Michael Makai, Domination & Submission: The BDSM Relationship Handbook|People are like M&Ms. They come in a variety of colors, they're hard on the outside, and full of obscene yumminess on the inside.
Daniel Goleman, Social Intelligence: The New Science of Human Relationships|Self-absorption in all its forms kills empathy, let alone compassion. When we focus on ourselves, our world contracts as our problems and preoccupations loom large. But when we focus on others, our world expands. Our own problems drift to the periphery of the mind and so seem smaller, and we increase our capacity for connection - or compassionate action.
Gustave Flaubert|Better to work for yourself alone. You do as you like and follow your own ideas, you admire yourself and please yourself: isn’t that the main thing? And then the public is so stupid. Besides, who reads? And what do they read? And what do they admire?
Gift Gugu Mona|I’ve always been under the assumption that death is a one-time, encompassing event.” “Why would you ever think that?
George Orwell, 1984|In a way, the world−view of the Party imposed itself most successfully on people incapable of understanding it. They could be made to accept the most flagrant violations of reality, because they never fully grasped the enormity of what was demanded of them, and were not sufficiently interested in public events to notice what was happening. By lack of understanding they remained sane. They simply swallowed everything, and what they swallowed did them no harm, because it left no residue behind, just as a grain of corn will pass undigested through the body of a bird.
Danny Gregory, The Creative License: Giving Yourself Permission to Be The Artist You Truly Are|There are no bad drawings.Drawings are experiences.The more you draw, the more experienced you'll get.In fact, you'll learn more from bad or unpredictable or weird experiences than from those that go exactly as you'd hoped and planned.So let it go.Release your ego's desire for perfection.Take risks.Stretch.Grow.Create as much as you can, whenever you can.
John Barnes, Raise the Gipper!|He said science was going to discover the basic secret of life some day,' the bartender put in. He scratched his head and frowned. 'Didn't I read in the paper the other day where they'd finally found out what it was?''I missed that,' I murmured. ' I saw that,' said Sandra. 'About two days ago.''That's right,' said the bartender.'What is the secret of life?' I asked.'I forget,' said Sandra.'Protein,' the bartender declared. 'They found out something about protein.''Yeah,' said Sandra, 'that's it.
Katherine McIntyre, Stolen Petals|MacMillian groaned again, and sat up. "Clients?""Yeah. You know, people who'll give us money in exchange for work.
Gary Edward Gedall|Taking in the good, whenever and wherever we find it, gives us new eyes for seeing and living.
Tegan Quin|I stay out of sight and only whisper to you.Words I can’t say. Words you don’t need to hear. Words I can’t keep from tangling my way.Now, I can’t stand alone. I can’t ignore what I’ve been shown.You’ve claimed me and I don’t care who knows. You’ve claimed me and I don’t care if it shows.I’m weakened and I’m strengthened in your arms.You’ve claimed me and I need to feel you close.You stand wanting more than you could ever understand.I stand helpless, needing to give in to your every command. Wanting to see you smile has consumed me and tied both my hands.Nothing I offer could ever be worthy of your love.It’s a miracle that you saw me and never ran.I will spend my whole life trying to be the man you think I am.Now, I can’t stand-alone. Now, I am under your influence. I can’t ignore what I’ve been shown.You’ve claimed me and I don’t care who knows.You’ve claimed me and I don’t care if it shows.I’m weakened and I’m strengthened in your arms. You’ve claimed me and I need to feel you close.”“You hold fire within your gaze.It mesmerizes everyone you allow into your maze. I know nothing of your thoughts but I need to bask within the warmth of your rays. Nothing you do could ever be wrong. You’re forever perfect in every way.Now, I can’t stand-alone. Now, I am under your influence.You’ve taken over me and now, I can’t ignore what I’ve been shown. You’ve claimed me and I don’t care who knows. You’ve claimed me and I don’t care if it shows. I’m weakened and I’m strengthened in your arms.You’ve claimed me and I need to feel you close.”~ Dank Walker
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With every divine encounter, we receive new grace.
Max Stirner|It might be asked, 'How much time shall I allow myself for rest?' The answer is that no rule of universal application can be given, as all persons do not require the same measure of sleep, and also the same persons, at different times, according to the strength or weakness of their body, may require more or less.
Bruce H. Norton, Force Recon Diary, 1969: The Riveting, True-to-Life Account of Survival and Death in One of the Most Highly Skilled Units in Vietnam|Every GI signs a blank check, payable to the United States, drawn in an amount up to and including his life.
Tijan, Evil|I was choosing, and I was choosing Kellan.
Kate Winslet|It shouldn't take extreme courage and a willingness to go to prison for decades or even life to blow the whistle on bad government acts done in secret. But it does. And that is an immense problem for democracy, one that all journalists should be united in fighting.
Wouter Van Gastel|It’s almost funny, in a tragic way, that the fiery thing at the center of my universe did die and that I, a girl whose name is synonymous with summer, am expected to live without it.
Yann Martel|The reason death sticks so closely to life isn't biological necessity- its envy. Life is so beautiful that death has fallen in love with it, a jealous, possessive love that grabs at what it can.
Larry the Cable Guy|I think a lot of people get so obsessed with the wedding and the expense of the wedding that they miss out on what the real purpose is. It's not about a production number, it's about a meaningful moment between two people that's witnessed by people that they actually really know and care about.
|But you are the average of the five people you associate with most, so do not underestimate the effects of your pessimistic, unambitious, or disorganized friends. If someone isn't making you stronger, they're making you weaker.
Noam Chomsky, Gaza in Crisis: Reflections on Israel's War Against the Palestinians|And I apologize to all of you who are the same age as my grandchildren. And many of you reading this are the same age as my grandchildren. They, like you, are being royally shafted and lied to by our Baby Boomer corporations and government.
New Living Translation NLT 1996|Then the Lord God said, “Look, the human beings have become like us, knowing both good and evil. What if they reach out, take fruit from the tree of life, and eat it? Then they will live forever!” So the Lord God banished them from the Garden of Eden.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|To be ignorant of the sacrifices of others that yielded the blessings I enjoy leaves me exchanging the reality of 'blessing' for the assumption of 'entitlement.' And once that happens, I will forfeit the reality of the former which will destroy the assumption of the latter. And in what terribly dark place will that now leave me?
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|If you look at today through the eyes of the past, you can never see what the present moment has to offer.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|But today’s society is characterized by achievement orientation, and consequently it adores people who are successful and happy and, in particular, it adores the young. It virtually ignores the value of all those who are otherwise, and in so doing blurs the decisive difference between being valuable in the sense of dignity and being valuable in the sense of usefulness. If one is not cognizant of this difference and holds that an individual’s value stems only from his present usefulness, then, believe me, one owes it only to personal inconsistency not to plead for euthanasia along the lines of Hitler’s program, that is to say, ‘mercy’ killing of all those who have lost their social usefulness, be it because of old age, incurable illness, mental deterioration, or whatever handicap they may suffer. Confounding the dignity of man with mere usefulness arises from conceptual confusion that in turn may be traced back to the contemporary nihilism transmitted on many an academic campus and many an analytical couch.
J. Budziszewski, What We Can't Not Know: A Guide|Jeffrey Murdock is a colossal turd.""Can I stitch that on a sampler and put it on Etsy?""Sure.
Shi Nai'an, Outlaws of the Marsh|Li Gui called out, "Sir, if you kill me you will kill two persons.""How do you make that out?" asked Li Kui, staying the blow."At home I support my mother who is ninety years of age, and this is my only means of helping her in her old age," said Li Gui. "I never injure people, but only make them afraid. If you kill me, my old mother will die of starvation."Li Kui who never twinkled his eyes in chopping off people's heads, paused and thought when he heard this. "Here am I trying to succour my old mother, and yet killing a man who supports his old mother. Heaven will not allow me to live if I do this. No! No! I will forgive this man.(J.H. Jackson translation)
Rupi Kaur|The design of 'Love Actually,' the typeface, the basic line of that poster and that DVD cover has been ripped off so many times.
Oli Anderson, Dialogue / Ego - Real Communication|Dialogue is about creating awareness through self-observation; it starts from the inside out, not the outside in.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Love is patient; love is kind and envies no one. Love is never boastful, nor conceited, nor rude; never selfish, not quick to take offense. Love keeps no score of wrongs; does not gloat over other men's sins, but delights in the truth. There is nothing love cannot face; there is no limit to its faith, its hope, and endurance. [....] In a word, there are three things that last forever: faith, hope, and love; but the greatest of them all is love.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|We were talking about the prince,' Sansa said, her voice soft as a kiss.Arya knew which prince she meant: Joffrey, of course. The tall, handsome one. Sansa got to sit with him at the feast. Arya had to sit with the little fat one. Naturally.
Sanjida Kay, Bone by Bone|A feeble orange light was flickering in the allotments, low down near the ground. Laura looked hopefully towards it. It was a huge pumpkin, its flesh brick-red, its mouth cut into a crude gash, candle- flame dancing through slits for eyes. There was no sign of Autumn.
Nicholas Sparks|It is the possibility that keeps me going, and though you may call me a dreamer or a fool or any other thing, I believe that anything is possible.
John Clare, Poems Chiefly from Manuscript|O lead me onward to the loneliest shade, The darkest place that quiet ever made, Where kingcups grow most beauteous to behold And shut up green and open into gold.
Najib Razak|I believe in having a more open mind and including others who don't share your faith and having dialogue with them. And just having a pure heart and being a good person can bring you closer to God. Because once you believe in one particular religion fully and not others, that requires you to start disliking people who don't share your views.
Pablo Casals|Youth. I don't seek it through another because I have it within; it's a state of mind, a spirit that is free, and a mind that is playful. The shell of my being is altered by the effects of time, but nothing will tarnish a soul that will never forget what its like to experience creation with endless wonder and appreciation. Each time I see the first snowfall of the season I feel it's the first time I've seen it at all.
James Levine|'Sound of My Voice' is an amazing film. Small, simple, yet incredibly thought provoking.
Sam Harris|There is never a moment where I find Trump persuasive. When I look at him I see a man without any inner life. I see the most superficial person on Earth. This is a guy who has been totally hollowed out by greed and self regard and delusion. The way he talks about himself; if I caught some sort of brain virus and I started talking about myself the way Trump talks about himself, I would throw myself out a fucking window. That barely overstates it. Do you remember that scene at the end of the in The Exorcist where the priest is driving out the devil from Linda Blair and the devil comes into him and he just hurls himself out the window to end all the madness? Well, it would be like that.
Mehmet Murat ildan|You know what that reflects? Unsatisfied lives. Unfulfilled lives. Lives that haven't found meaning. Because if you've found meaning in your life, you don't want to go back. You want to go forward. You want to see more, do more. You can't wait until sixty-five.
Steve Merrick|The more clearly we can focus our attention on the wonders and realities of the universe, the less taste we shall have for destruction.
Robert  Black|Beautiful girls, are a bit like been there, done that. Once you have had one, the mystery is gone.
Elizabeth Scott, Stealing Heaven|I'll always be here waiting for you," he said, touching my chest with his fingertips, drawing a shape of a heart.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|Have you ever taken yourself a bit too seriously, thinking that who you are is actually defined by what you look like, how much talent you have (or don't have), how well known you are (or aren't), or how much money you have (or don't have)? Those are all "garments and labels" you wear during the course of your stay here on this planet, but it's not who you are. At the end of the day, when it's all said and done, you will turn all of that back in just like a car you had on lease.
Debasish Mridha|Three things to give up to be happier: 1. Never complain, condemn, or criticize. 2. Give up anger, fear, and resentment. 3. Give up the desire to impress and control others.
Kapil Dev|Drama lives on conflict. If you're trying to deal with social issues seriously, there's no way of avoiding violence, which is so present in society.
Katharine Kerr, The Spirit Stone (The Silver Wyrm, #2)|A novelist's characters must be with him as he lies down to sleep, and as he wakes from his dreams. He must learn to hate them and to love them.
Romano Guardini|But sometimes, things are better to just hear. Some questions better left unasked. Some words better left unsaid. Because saying them doesn’t make you matter any less.
levi paul taylor|you are on track, keep doin the things in your life that leaves the memories replenished, and with those things and the people who support a kind and just heart, life is short but oh yes it is remarkable to work at allowing it to be a part of this life I say this with our mutual love of friends and family..
Juliet Madison, Memories of May|Magnus's ship would sail that night...His interest in the ship and his thoughts of an adventure to come made him regret his departure less, but even so, he stood at the rail as the ship departed into the night waters.
Albert Hofmann|It's very, very dangerous to lose contact with living nature.
Kim Cattrall|Being a good person begins with being a wise person. Then, when you follow your conscience, will you be headed in the right direction.
Pooja Ruprell|When in prayer, there is no need to implore, beg or repeat. You have been heard, and your wishes will be granted perfectly at the right time. Relax, be patient and do not fret.
Pamela Allegretto, Bridge of Sighs and Dreams|The rural, mid-19th-century dialect, coupled with the author's interest in ethnobotany, roots the story deeply in the houses, forests, gardens, and even streambeds of antebellum Virginia. –School Library Journal
Laura Story|What if my greatest disappointments, or the aching of this life, is the revealing of a greater thirst this world can't satisfy?
Diane Duane, So You Want to Be a Wizard|(True,) the white hole said. (My name is Khairelikoblepharehglukumeilichephreidosd'enagouni-) and at the same time he went flickering through a pattern of colors that was evidently the visual translation.
Klonovsky|The great gift of American democracy is freedom to think, act, and carry out our lives in a manner that imbues meaning not only to our own life but enhances other people’s lives through our everyday actions.
Charles Baudelaire|He possessed the logic of all good intentions and a knowledge of all the tricks of his trade, and yet he never succeeded at anything, because he believed too much in the impossible. Surprising? Why so? He was forever in the act of conceiving it!
William George Jordan|This morning I woke up before the alarm clock went off and the sky outside was a big red ocean. You're beautiful when you're sleeping so I spent an hour observing the way you breathe. Inhale, exhale, without a thought of tomorrow. The window was open and the air was so crisp and I couldn't imagine how to ever ask for more than this.
John Wyndham, The Midwich Cuckoos|Eustacia Vye was the raw material of a divinity. On Olympus she would have done well with a little preparation. She had the passions and instincts which make a model goddess, that is, those which make not quite a model woman. Had it been possible for the earth and mankind to be entirely in her grasp for a while, she had handled the distaff, the spindle, and the shears at her own free will, few in the world would have noticed the change of government. There would have been the same inequality of lot, the same heaping up of favors here, of contumely there, the same generosity before justice, the same perpetual dilemmas, the same captious alteration of caresses and blows that we endure now.
Aldous Huxley, Antic Hay|The children had had an argument once about whether there was more grass in the world or more sand, and Roger said that of course there must be more sand because of under the sea; in every ocean all over the world there would be sand, if you looked deep down. But there could be grass too, argued Deborah, a waving grass, a grass that nobody had ever seen, and the colour of that ocean grass would be darker than any grass on the surface of the world, in fields or prairies or people's gardens in America. It would be taller than tress and it would move like corn in the wind. ("The Pool
Roshan Sharma|The knowledge or information from different source can be misunderstood, unless you experience life, within. All the wisdom and bliss comes from within, and you can have, all the answers of life, when you look inside.
Auliq Ice|In the Congress of the United States, Cromwell had known a good many men who were possessed of absolute certainty, and this he feared so much that he felt the only real and enduring evil on the face of the earth was unbending certainty, unshakable orthodoxy.
Ban Ki-moon|The strange anthropological lesson of social media is that human beings, if given a choice, often prefer to socialize alone.
Kate Mullane Robertson|let your desires be His prayer in you. trust them. let them take you by the hand.let them walk you forward into the next moment, and the next, and the next, and the next...
Tess Callahan|All your life you're yellow. Then one day you brush up against something blue, the barest touch, and voila, the rest of your life you're green.
Martijn Benders|There would seem to be four stages in the composition of a story. First comes the germ of the story, then a period of more or less conscious meditation, then the first draft, and finally the revision, which may be simply ‘pencil work’ as John O’Hara calls it — that is, minor changes in wording — or may lead to writing several drafts and what amounts to a new work.
Thomas Ligotti, The Nightmare Factory|When Kafka allows a friend to understand that he writes because otherwise he would go mad, he knows that writing is madness already, his madness, a kind of vigilence, unrelated to any wakefulness save sleep's: insomnia. Madness against madness, then. But he believes that he masters the one by abandoning himself to it; the other frightens him, and is his fear; it tears through him, wounds and exalts him. It is as if he had to undergo all the force of an uninterruptable continuity, a tension at the edge of the insupportable which he speaks of with fear and not without a feeling of glory. For glory is the disaster.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, Education and the Significance of Life|To understand life is to understand ourselves, and that is both the beginning and the end of education.
Donald G. Dutton, The Psychology of Genocide, Massacres, and Extreme Violence: Why "Normal" People Come to Commit Atrocities|One-on-one revenge was common in foraging societies, and kin-against-kin blood feuds were common in tribal societies that had not been pacified by a colonial or national government, particularly if they had an exaggerated culture of manly honor.
Mark Passio|Liberty should be understood as freedom from the government, specifically, freedom from the initiation of physical force by the government.
David Eddings, Crystal Gorge|It keeps him happy, Dahlaine, and happy people are nicer than gloomy ones. Haven't you noticed that before?
Steve Maraboli|I can tell you that solitudeIs not all exaltation, inner spaceWhere the soul breaths and work can be done.Solitude exposes the nerve,Raises up ghosts.The past, never at rest, flows through it.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Global betterment is a mental process, not one that requires huge sums of money or a high level of authority. Change has to be psychological.
Jen Kirkman|My government, you can be assured, will be less focused on personalities. It is about treating people with respect. I think complaining about the community not being able to see the wisdom of our ideas is the wrong approach.
Bernard Cornwell, The Flame Bearer|Mistakes and slips are a necessary evil part of our daily living. We learn through them all the time. Life is too broad for us to do everything so perfectly, but we must not justify our mistakes and slips when we know that we are far better than our mistakes! The best regret is to take a robust action in the right direction to prove how far better we are than our mistakes and slips.
Robin Sacredfire|I love money because money is power, the power to invite my friends for lunch and pay the bill without expecting anything in return, the power to give twenty dollars to beggar just because I can, the power to offer an expensive remote control helicopter to children and create a huge smile in them, the power to wait for the ones you love to love you back just because you don’t need to waste your time like they do.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Right Attitude to Rain|As a very young person, I was ready and willing to explore and try new things, unhampered by the daily routines that adults so often feel obligated to adhere to.
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|I thought we were gonna take this relationship slow.""A back rub is harmless."My eyes roam over her kick-ass bikini-covered bod. "I'll have you know I've been intimate with girls wearin' a lot more.
Lynn Viehl, Dark Need|That was rather interesting,' Mercer said as he filled his coffee mug and passed the thermal carafe to John. 'What do you say for dinner? "Blessed be the serial killers, or else the devil would have no one to torment.
M.A. George, Relativity|Think of mental energy as broadcasting on a certain wavelength,” he tried to explain. “People with powers of the mind can tap into that wavelength…”“That’s all fine and good,” I nodded, “but evidently my transmitter is broken. Or much more likely…I never had one in the first place.”“Ah, yes,” he nodded unenthusiastically, “and your nose is mounted upside-down.”“Excuse me?” My forehead creased.“I do wish you would quit contradicting me,” he let out a tired sigh. “It’s insulting…and highly annoying.
Gary L. Francione|Animals are property. There are laws that supposedly protect animal interestsin being treated “humanely,” but that term is interpreted in large part to mean that we cannot impose “unnecessary” harm on animals, and that is measured by what treatment is considered as necessary within particular industries, and according to customs of use, to exploit animals. The bottom line is that animals do not have any respect-based rights in the way that humans have, because we do not regard animals as having any moral value. They have only economic value. We value their interests economically, and we ignore their interests when it is economically beneficial for us to do so.At this point in time, it makes no sense to focus on the law, because as long as we regard animals as things, as a moral matter, the laws will necessarily reflect that absence of moral value and continue to do nothing to protect animals. We need to change social and moral thinking about animals before the law is going to do anything more.
Carl Sagan|There is a wide yawning black infinity. In every direction the extension is endless, the sensation of depth is overwhelming. And the darkness is immortal. Where light exists, it is pure, blazing, fierce; but light exists almost nowhere, and the blackness itself is also pure and blazing and fierce. But most of all, there is very nearly nothing in the dark; except for little bits here and there, often associated with the light, this infinite receptacle is empty.This picture is strangely frightening. It should be familiar. It is our universe.Even these stars, which seem so numerous, are, as sand, as dust, or less than dust, in the enormity of the space in which there is nothing. Nothing! We are not without empathetic terror when we open Pascal’s Pensées and read, 'I am the great silent spaces between wo
Barack Obama|I forbid you, agnostic, doubting thoughts, to destroy the house of my faith.
Will Barnes, The Expansion of The Soul|When your heart burns with passion, and your faith is at it's peak, it is then when you have your life by the horns, and now when the preconceived desires in your dreams materialize. Believe beyond your minds eye and see the light, the energy that will fill your half full cup to the brim, and overflow with joyous life experiences. Think it, see it, and live it. Expand....
David Gest|I am good, but not an angel. I do sin, but I am not the devil. I am just a small girl in a big world trying to find someone to love.
James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology|For Nation States, and the adversaries within America's boarders (special interest groups, cyber caliphate, Muslim brotherhood, Antifa etc), metadata is "THE" silent weapon in this quiet information war.
Helene Deutsch|Truth cannot be brought down; rather, the individual must make the effort to ascend to it. You cannot bring the mountaintop to the valley. If you would attain to the mountaintop, you must pass through the valley, climb the steeps, unafraid of the dangerous precipices.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Peace of Man"Greet each man with words of loveAnd peace,And a dove will be placedOn an olive tree.Leave a man with feelingsOf betrayalOr envy,And a dove gets shotOff the olive tree.Greet each man with peace,And leave each man with love.Ask yourself -One more enemy,Or one more dove?Always choose love.It's time for everybody toSpeak love.Let's fill the trees with doves,And spread the leaves of love.So,Always addAnd never subtractAnother peace of manFrom the olive tree.
Ian McEwan, Sweet Tooth|Up the coast a few miles north, in a lava reef under the cliffs, there are a lot of rock pools. You can visit them when the tide is out. Each pool is separate and different, and you can, if you are fanciful, give them names, such as George, Charlotte, Kenny, Mrs. Strunk. Just as George and the others are thought of, for convenience, as individual entities, so you may think of a rock pool as an entity; though, of course, it is not. The waters of its consciousness - so to speak - are swarming with hunted anxieties, grim-jawed greeds, dartingly vivid intuitions, old crusty-shelled rock-gripping obstinacies, deep-down sparkling undiscovered secrets, ominous protean organisms motioning mysteriously, perhaps warningly, toward the surface light. How can such a variety of creatures co-exist at all? Because they have to. The rocks of the pool hold their world together. And, throughout the day of the ebb tide, they know no other.
Jane Smiley, A Thousand Acres|Daddy thinks history starts fresh every day, every minute, that time itself begins with the feelings he’s having right now. That’s how he keeps betraying us, why he roars at us with such conviction. We have to stand up to that, and say, at least to ourselves, that what he’s done before is still with us, still right here in this room until there’s true remorse. Nothing will be right until there’s that.” “He looks so, sort of, weakened.” “Weakened is not enough. Destroyed isn’t enough. He’s got to repent and feel humiliation and regret. I won’t be satisfied until he knows what he is.”"Do we know what we are?""We know we aren’t him. We know that to that degree we don’t yet deserve the lowest circle of hell.
Elaine  White, The Other Side|Konnor bit his lip and arched into his touch, opening his eyes to his words.“No matter how cruel I am to you, resisting what's between us, you always know when I need you the most,” he explained quietly. “I needed you desperately and you gave me the most incredible pleasure. And when I tried to hide from you…when I thought you didn't want me…you showed me how wrong I was.” Grayson smiled as Konnor grasped his hair and dragged him down into a scorching kiss. He was more than happy to comply with his demands, since he wanted nothing more than to fade into him and make them one person.
Randy Pausch|He just knew we would find luck, but believing something don't make it true.
Donna Goddard, The Love of Devotion|Fear cannot capture us, criticism cannot harm us, and pride cannot make us fall.
Katie Lowes|I couldn't really take a girl from Berlin to live in Leeds. I love it here. I miss the Yorkshire sense of humor and things like bitter and Yorkshire puddings, but I can still get my hands on salt 'n' vinegar crisps.
Andrew Holleran, Dancer from the Dance|For even now the drums were in our blood, we sat forward almost hearing them across the bay, and the van raced on through the streets so that the driver could hustle back for another load of pleasure-seekers, so bent on pleasure they were driving right through Happiness, it seemed, a quieter brand of existence that flourished under these green elms. We kept driving right through all the dappled domesticity, like prisoners, indeed, being moved from jail to jail imprisoned in our own sophistication.
Marguerite Young|Where does it stop? You get offered money for your wedding, then for your kids, new houses, holidays... We earn enough from football and sponsorships, why do you need any more?
Franz von Holzhausen|Before I had satellite radio installed in my car, I thought I would lose my mind listening to commercials and having limited choices on the dial. Your car is your home in L.A., so you've got to have some good stuff to listen to.
Jan  Hawkins, Person-Centred Practice: The BAPCA Reader|Healing from childhood abuse is not going mad, it is going sane.
Sharanya Haridas|It is tempting to say, as my friend suggested, that these online identities are caricatures of the real me. It is certainly true that social media can unleash the cruellest side of human nature.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Begin to read, write and think.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|Have thine own way, Lord! Have thine own way!Thou art the Potter and I am the clay.
G.A. Aiken, About a Dragon|Getting drunk was good. I decided that I would always like getting drunk. It took away the obvious and maybe. If you could get away from the obvious often enough, you wouldn't become obvious yourself.
Gregg Sulkin|I did everything when I started. In Miami I did news, I did weather, I did sports, I did disk-jockeying. And I did a sports talk show every week - every Saturday night.
Mustafa Saifuddin|Regardless of where you started, there is always the next level. You need to keep leveling up your skills.
Brooks Jensen, Letting Go of the Camera: Essays on Photography and the Creative Life|Each photograph is read as the private appearance of its referent: the age of Photography corresponds precisely to the explosion of the private into the public, or rather into the creation of a new social value, which is the publicity of the private: the private is consumes as such, publicly.
Boris Groys, Under Suspicion: A Phenomenology of Media|An author who integrates alien signs into the medial surface of his own texts—signs behind which we presume the existence of other powerful, submedial subjects “as authors”—does not increase the comprehensibility of that text. Yet nonetheless, he increases the magical effectiveness this text exudes. Such quotations lead us to presume that the text houses a dangerous, manipulative subject, a magician with enough power to manipulate the signs of other powerful magicians and able to use them strategically for his own purposes. Thus an author who quotes alien signs conveys a stronger impression of powerful authorship than one who ad- vocates precisely his so-called own ideas—which do not interest anybody precisely because they are only his own. It is also well known that one may not quote the same author too often, in which case quoting gradu- ally looses its magical power and begins to irritate the reader. The reason for this gradual decrease of a quote’s magical effectiveness is that it looses its strangeness over time and gets integrated into the medial surface of a text, thereby becoming a proper part of it. In order to maintain their magical effect, quotes have to be exchanged constantly so as to continue to maintain the same appearance of foreignness and freshness. The quote functions as a magical fetish that lends the entire text a hidden, submedial power beyond its superficial meaning.
Laini Taylor, Days of Blood & Starlight|Bitter, bitter, this desolation of angels.
Davis Bunn, The Lazarus Trap|Cooper came back down to the darkened room about half an hour after Lucky had freed his hands. The boat was still rocking, the wind was blowing and Sawyer called out, "Dude, you can't leave the boat on auto-pilot in this kind of weather. Jesus is not here to take the wheel.
Dax Shepard|To find a prince, you gotta kiss some toads.
Nikhil Bhardwaj, O Amor|Jax, I don't know if I can do this," I murmured."Do what?" he asked.I though for a moment as he watched me in silence. "Survive you," I whispered in answer."Maybe you won't have to...
Marcus Speh, Exquisite Quartet Anthology 2011|That night, Gregory dreamt of his mother. It was a dream that he'd have carried to his therapist like a raw, precious egg if he'd had a therapist, and the dream made him wish he had one. In the dream, he sat in the kitchen of his mother's house at the table on his usual place. He could hear her handle pots and pans and sigh occasionally. Sitting there filled his heart with sadness and also with a long missed feeling of comfort until he realised that the chair and the table were much too small for him: it was a child's chair and he could barely fit his long legs under the table. He was worried that his mother might scold him for being so large and for not wearing pants. Gregory, in the dream, felt his manhood press against his belly while he was crouching uncomfortably, not daring to move.
Faisal Khosa|I almost wish I hadn't any conscience; its so inconvenient. If I didn't care about doing right and didn't feel uncomfortable when doing wrong, I should get on capitally. I can't help wishing sometimes that Father and Mother hadn't been so particular about such things. Ah Joe, instead of wishing that, thank God that Father and Mother were particular and pity from your heart those who have no such guardians to hedge them round with principles that may seem like prison walls to impatient youth, but which will prove sure foundations to build character upon in womanhood.
Jim Butcher, Small Favor|When I remembered Stefan first coming for me, it wasn't a man in a black mask or a crazy guy shoving Three Musketeers bars at me as he tried to convince me I was his brother. I remembered an ocean, dark as a universe without stars-black with guilt, despair, rage, violence, self loathing. All I could see was his hand reaching out of the water; the rest of him was buried in a liquid Hell he couldn't escape
Renate Dorrestein, Buitenstaanders|in the end, everyone can understand themselves only. You are the only one to which you never have to explain what you mean. Everything else is misunderstanding.
Unknown|We speak of searching for happiness, of finding contentment, as if these were locations on an atlas, actual places that we could visit if only we had the proper map and the right navigational skills.
Jason E. Hodges|Remembering lies is a full-time job, one best to quit.
Pope John Paul II|He who has faith has... an inward reservoir of courage, hope, confidence, calmness, and assuring trust that all will come out well - even though to the world it may appear to come out most badly.
Ian Botham|I was away from the front lines for a while this spring, living with other troops, and considerable fighting took place while I was gone. When I got ready to return to my old friends at the front I wondered if I would sense any change in them.
Gottlob Frege|Mathematics has always shown a curious ability to be applicable to nature, and this may express a deep link between our minds and nature. We are the Universe speaking out, a part of nature. So it is not so surprising that our systems of logic and mathematics sing in tune with nature.
Ian  Ayris|Survival depends on denial, and death comes swiftly to those who forsake it.
Jules Verne|I would rather be a superb meteor, every atom of me in magnificent glow, than a sleepy and permanent planet.
John Grogan, Bad Dogs Have More Fun: Selected Writings on Family, Animals, and Life from The Philadelphia Inquirer|Read a lot, write a lot is the great commandment.
Ted Agon, The Human Key Condensed|The "question" is the smallest and greatest unit of discovery.
Christopher Ash, Zeal Without Burnout: Seven Keys to a Lifelong Ministry of Sustainable Sacrifice|There is always more we can do in ministry, but God is not asking 'Can you do more?'. He is asking 'Do you love me?' Some of those extras are not always as vital as we think them to be.
Ryan Zinke|The introduction of new technology is always disruptive to existing markets, particularly to content/copyright owners who sell through well-established distribution channels.
Frédéric Bastiat, The Law|Both Marx and Nietzsche understood that moral outrage is the last resort of the powerless. That is why Marx refused to issue moral condemnations of capitalism, preferring instead to lay out, calmly and ruthlessly, his reasons for believing that it is destined to be replaced by socialism. And that is why Nietzsche mocks Christianity for portraying its crucified Saviour as bait wriggling on a hook to catch unsuspecting souls.
Debasish Mridha|On the way, see the beauty, find the love, and express the kindness.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|Perhaps the greatest faculty our minds possess is the ability to cope with pain. Classic thinking teaches us of the four doors of the mind, which everyone moves through according to their need.First is the door of sleep. Sleep offers us a retreat from the world and all its pain. Sleep marks passing time, giving us distance from the things that have hurt us. When a person is wounded they will often fall unconscious. Similarly, someone who hears traumatic news will often swoon or faint. This is the mind's way of protecting itself from pain by stepping through the first door.Second is the door of forgetting. Some wounds are too deep to heal, or too deep to heal quickly. In addition, many memories are simply painful, and there is no healing to be done. The saying 'time heals all wounds' is false. Time heals most wounds. The rest are hidden behind this door.Third is the door of madness. There are times when the mind is dealt such a blow it hides itself in insanity. While this may not seem beneficial, it is. There are times when reality is nothing but pain, and to escape that pain the mind must leave reality behind. Last is the door of death. The final resort. Nothing can hurt us after we are dead, or so we have been told.
Manu Joseph, The Illicit Happiness of Other People|I became good at pretending. I became so good that after a while the lines blurred between my truth and fiction. And sometimes, when I did a really good job of pretending, I even fooled myself.
Will Durant, Our Oriental Heritage|And it came to me as I stood on the desert sand, looking at the Great Pyramid, that what any civilization says about God tells us more about that civilization than it does about God.
Kristy Berridge, The Hunted|It's a pook, a messenger...spy is more like it," Kern explained sourly. "This one will tattle, and I'll never hear the end of it when I go back." An eyebrow lifted. "Consorting with a human.
Christopher Nolan|I think there's a character one has if you're a chief executive officer. Movies would suggest you're a bad person - if you're wealthy, if you've done well, oh, you must be bad. And frankly, winning the lottery doesn't change who you are; you're the same person inside. And I'm the same person I was as an 18-year-old who fell in love with Ann.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Many of the confusions, conflicts, and disarrays that are rampant in today’s organizations, communities, and nations could have been avoided if leaders have solid self-awareness...
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|Not every conflict is necessarily neurotic; some amount of conflict is normal and healthy. In a similar sense suffering is not always a pathological phenomenon; rather than being a symptom of neurosis, suffering may well be a human achievement, especially if the suffering grows out of existential frustration... Existential frustration is neither pathological or pathogenic.
Antonella Gambotto-Burke, The Eclipse: A Memoir of Suicide|Does any man have the right to dispose of his own life? This is the ultimate question of moral entitlement, and relevant only if right is relevant in this context, and it is not. A suicidal man cannot be concerned - and nor should he be - with questions of moral entitlement. (And how absurd.) His one concern should be whether self-execution will most expediently relieve his suffering.
John Green, Paper Towns|Nothing ever happens like you imagine it will… but then again, if you don’t imagine, nothing ever happens at all. Imagining isn’t perfect. You can’t get all the way inside someone else… But imagining being someone else, or the world being something else, is the only way in. It is the machine that kills the fascists
Rod Taylor|The more I draw and write, the more I realise that accidents are a necessary part of any creative act, much more so than logic or wisdom. Sometimes a mistake is the only way of arriving at an original concept, and the history of successful inventions is full of mishaps, serendipity and unintended results.
Sol Goode|I like strangers, they say the nicest things
Pearl  Zhu, It Innovation: Reinvent It for the Digital Age|A CIO as “Chief Intrapreneur Officer” has creative, logical, hybrid, and abstract thinking traits.
John Fante, Dreams from Bunker Hill|Her son would be incomparably handsome, good and powerful. He would be the expected Messiah; it is fortunate for humanity that all mothers have this pathetic faith, without it mankind would not have the ever-renascent strength to go on living.
Lorene Cary, Black Ice|Not one thought entered my head that did not seem disloyal. I was ashamed, seeing their pride close up, as if for the first time, at how little I had accomplished, how much I had failed to do at St. Paul's. Somewhere in the last two years I had forgotten my mission. What had I done, I kept thinking, that was worthy of their faith? How had I helped my race? How had I prepared myself for a meaningful future? ... They were right: only a handful of us got this break. I wanted to shout at them that I had squandered it. Now that it's all over, hey, I'm not your girl! I couldn't do it.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Sometimes it takes asking others for input to find out you have to ultimately look within yourself for the answers to the questions only you know the truth about...we choose the information we share. So, the person giving feedback is limited in view and their perspective will only keep your view of the situation distorted.
Jane Austen, Mansfield Park|Mrs. Norris had been talking to her the whole way from Northampton of her wonderful good fortune, and the extraordinary degree of gratitude and good behaviour which it ought to produce, and her consciousness of misery was therefore increased by the idea of its being a wicked thing for her not to be happy.
Sara  Daniel, Psychic Lies|His grin split even wider. “I’d love the chance to prove you wrong.”And when he did, she’d know what he was thinking. She’d know how much he despised the woman who claimed to be a Vetter and allowed the Commander’s beloved daughter to lifebond with a man who ended up murdering her. Fiona had come to the Wiccan Haus to get away from the public’s hatred and scorn, not see it behind this man’s beautiful smile and feel it no matter how warm and gentle his hands.- Psychic Lies
Al Jourgensen|I grew up in a small, strictly-Catholic fishing village on the coast of Wales. The people there have a different attitude to life than those in Hollywood - people stick together more.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Everything you love, enjoy, respect or value will somehow find top priority, even without excessive conscious reminders. Show respect through the way you manage time, especially when others are involved or affected.
Ace Antonio Hall|Manifesting from self-Affirmations are like planting seeds in the ground. First, the seeds germinate. Then they sprout roots, and then they poke their flower chutes through the ground, showing the world that they are about to blossom and displaying to themselves the ability to break through resistance once the foundation, or the roots have been strengthened.
Thomas Paine|I'm not against technology, but all tools should be used to their best advantage. We should be spending our time on things that have staying power, instead of on the latest thought of the latest blogger - and then moving on quickly to the next blogger.
David Levithan, Every Day|If I'm not telling you something, it's for a reason. Just because you trust me, it doesn't mean I have to automatically trust you. Trust doesn't work like that.
Ted Dekker|The Thames could be thought of as England's longest archaeological site, and no fewer than 90,000 objects recovered from its foreshore are in the collection of the Museum of London, whose 30-year relationship with London mudlarks is both committed and highly regulated.
Sunday Adelaja|What I think we as the church lack, though, is a place to talk about how things really are right now. In our desire to be an inspiration to one another we often veil what is true, because what is true is not always inspirational. It's not easy to watch or personally experience a marriage on the verge of divorce, or a child battling cancer, or a betrayal of the worst kind, or dreams lost in the dust, or overwhelming feelings of despair or emptiness. But these things are real. And hurting believers whose lives are in tatters need real help. If we were able to put aside our need for approval long enough to be authentic, then, surely, we would be living as the church.
Noel Gallagher|Take the time to make some sense for what you wanna say,And cast your words away upon the waves.Sail them home with acquiesce on a ship of hope today,And as they land upon the shore,Tell them not to fear no more.I'm not saying right is wrong,It's up to us to make the best of all the things that come our way.Cos' everything that's been has past,The answers in the looking glass.There's four and twenty million doorsOn life's endless corridor,So say it loud and sing it proud today.
Honore de Balzac|In politics, religion and other areas of culture, people disagree on the worth of competing ideas. There is no equivalent to the scientific method that can determine in a robust way which ideas match the real world, and which ones can be ruled out. So conflicting ideologies persist indefinitely.
A.E. Housman, A Shropshire Lad|You expect to shut that feeling away? No, I ask that you feel it more. There's no other way to stand over your enemy and cut out his heart. Accept your hatred and you won't be rash or stupid, you'll be cold. Don't quiet the storm. Become the storm.
Emma Elsworth|At the beginning of a pestilence and when it ends, there's always a propensity for rhetoric. In the first case, habits have not yet been lost; in the second, they're returning. It is in the thick of a calamity that one gets hardened to the truth - in other words, to silence.
Pierce Brown, Golden Son|Power is the crown that eats the head,”...
Leonard Darwin|We were not designed rationally, but are products of a convoluted history.
B.A. Perry, Dear Ex|We were perfectly placed, perfectly disposed to one another. Our pieces fit so well together, not in the way that puzzle pieces are carved to click, but in a clumsier, more accidental way; we were a city skyline – unplanned architectural mastery. Designed by the heavens, and you called me your angel – even when I was undeserving of that accolade. You’d call yourself the devil and I’d feel betrayed. Because for me, we were the same, either two sinners or two saints.
Karen Blixen, Seven Gothic Tales|She had what the Councillor knew, in the technical language of the ballet, as "ballon", a lightness that is not only the negation of weight, but which actually seems to carry upwards and make for flight, and which is rarely found in thin dancers - as if the matter itself had here become lighter than air, so that the more there is of it the better it works.
David Levithan, Every Day|...and the women spread their ntsaroz and sit on one side, the men on the other, like they are two different rivers that are not supposed to meet.
Paul Miller, A Praying Life|virtue does not spring from riches, but riches and all other human blessings, both private and public, from virtue.
Holly Madison|It is unrealistic to assume that if all goes well in a child's life, he or she will be happy. Happiness is not something one can ask of a child. Children suffer in a way that adults don't always realize under the pressure their parents put on them to be happy.
Louis L'Amour, Ride the Dark Trail|An old, tired man. That is what I am. What became of the old fire, drive, ambition? There were dreams once upon a time, dreams now all but forgotten. On sad days I dust them off and fondle them nostalgically, with a patronising wonder at the naivete of the youth who dreamed them.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Talking is great, but don't ignore the value of listening. Pay attention to the words being spoken. Some people just love the sound of their own voice. And, when another person speaks, they are only anticipating to compete, challenge, or question what is being said. You can miss out on some important wisdom always running your mouth.
Lena Dunham, Not That Kind of Girl: A Young Woman Tells You What She's "Learned"|The memory of the past did not redeem the future, as he insisted on believing.
Sunday Adelaja|Man is not made for the Sabbath. Rather, the Sabbath is made for man
Michelle    Moore, Selling Simplified|He's the man we were in search of, that's true, and yet he's not the man we were in search of. For the man we were in search of was not the man we wanted.
Christopher Shays|Three of my children are medical doctors, they know at least a hundred times as much about your body as my grandfather knew, but they don't know much more about soul than he did.
Ludwig Feuerbach, The Essence of Christianity|Faith in the power of prayer … is … faith in miraculous power; and faith in miracles is … the essence of faith in general. … [F]aith is nothing else than confidence in the reality of the subjective in opposition to the limitations or laws of Nature and reason, … The specific object of faith, therefore, is miracle; … To faith nothing is impossible, and miracle only gives actuality to this omnipotence of faith[.]
Shelley Lubben, Truth Behind the Fantasy of Porn: The Greatest Illusion on Earth|In my right and sober mind, it was time to go into heavy battle and conquer the mind monsters that still held me captive. I had passed many tests but now it was time to step up and fight the final battle: getting past my past. “You can’t have a positive life with a negative mind,
Stephenie Meyer, Twilight|I like the night. Without the dark, we'd never see the stars.
Sinqua Walls|There's a theory about fame: the moment it strikes, it arrests development. Michael Jackson remained suspended in childhood, enjoying sleepovers and funfairs; Winona Ryder, an errant teen who dabbled in shoplifting and experimented with pills; George Clooney, a 30-year-old commitment-phobe, never quite ready yet to settle down.
Vasily Grossman, Life and Fate|He sensed Death with a depth and clarity of which only small children or great philosophers are capable, philosophers who are themselves almost childlike in the power and simplicity of their thinking.
Bailey Bristol, The Devil's Dime|I pronounce ye married, laird and lady. No’ ’til death will ye part. And now, Toran,” he added with a wink, “ye may kiss the bride.
Sandra Dallas, Prayers for Sale|Just be happy and if you can't be happy, do things that make you happy. or do nothing with the people that make you happy.
J.X. Burros|Love makes you stupid. Love makes you weak. Love will kill you all one day, and it’s going to kill you today.
Samantha Chase, Always My Girl|She hoped he kissed her.Only her.And that when he kissed her, he was thinking about her.Only her.If he kissed her, she would kiss him back.She would kiss him back with everything she had.Every last person in the stadium would watch her kiss him, and every last one of them would know she wouldn't have minded kissing him forever.
Gregor Collins, The Accidental Caregiver: How I Met, Loved, and Lost Legendary Holocaust Refugee Maria Altmann|When Rip Torn dies - heaven forbid - but when he dies, you'll only have to write RIP Torn.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers|Still, I wonder if we shall ever be put into songs or tales. We're in one, of course, but I mean: put into words, you know, told by the fireside, or read out of a great big book with red and black letters, years and years afterwards. And people will say: "Let's hear about Frodo and the Ring!" And they will say: "Yes, that's one of my favourite stories. Frodo was very brave, wasn't he, dad?" "Yes, my boy, the famousest of the hobbits, and that's saying a lot."'It's saying a lot too much,' said Frodo, and he laughed, a long clear laugh from his heart. Such a sound had not been heard in those places since Sauron came to Middle-earth. To Sam suddenly it seemed as if all the stones were listening and the tall rocks leaning over them. But Frodo did not heed them; he laughed again. 'Why, Sam,' he said, 'to hear you somehow makes me as merry as if the story was already written. But you've left out one of the chief characters: Samwise the stouthearted. "I want to hear more about Sam, dad. Why didn't they put in more of his talk, dad? That's what I like, it makes me laugh. And Frodo wouldn't have got far without Sam, would he, dad?"''Now, Mr. Frodo,' said Sam, 'you shouldn't make fun. I was serious.''So was I,' said Frodo, 'and so I am.
E.F. Benson, Lucia in London|She's been, but she's coming back," he said. "I expect her every minute. Ah! there she is."This was rather stupid of Stephen. He ought to have guessed that Lucia's second appearance was officially intended to be her first. He grasped that when she squeezed her way through the crowd and greeted him as if they had not met before that morning."And dearest Adele," she said. "What a crush! Tell me quickly, where are the caricatures of Pepino and me? I'm dying to see them; and when I see them no doubt I shall wish I was dead."The light of Luciaphilism came into Adele's intelligent eyes...
Ambrose Bierce, The Unabridged Devil's Dictionary|Love, n. A temporary insanity curable by marriage.
Yasmin Mogahed|Maybe the brokenness comes to teach you how to kneel. Stop trying to ‘be strong’. We cry, to heal. We feel, to stay human.
Thomas a Kempis|Our culture has long mistrusted the body. It's been seen as a confusing blend of God's handiwork and the devil's playground. It is, rather, a vortex of intelligence.
Amit Kalantri|If an apology is followed by an excuse or a reason, it means they are going to commit same mistake again they just apologized for.
Marcus J. Borg, Speaking Christian: Why Christian Words Have Lost Their Meaning and Power - And How They Can Be Restored|God's thoughts of you are many, let not yours be few in return.
Dr. Karan M Pai|Walls of worry surround us everyday & we can never run away, But remember Walls only block sides, Never the sky. Look Up, The ray of Light & Hope You will Get it.. Have Confidence in You :)
Kim Kardashian|If you asked a team of expert psychologists and sociological researchers to come up with a design that was sure to infuriate and offend liberals in America, they'd probably come up with what we call the Great Seal.
Lee Argus|Life is fragile and temporary. The faces of today quickly become the faces of the past. Sorrow, pain, and anger... it all fades- except love. Love is forever and there after, even when we've fallen to our graves.
Bayode Ojo, Petals Around The Rose|Staring at the can clock never influence the appointed time that God has ordained for your manifestation. Hold your peace, but don't shift focus.
Syed Ahmad Fathi|Everyone will grow older, but few will grow wiser.
Slavoj Žižek|This is the paradox of public space: even if everyone knows an unpleasant fact, saying it in public changes everything. One of the first measures taken by the new Bolshevik government in 1918 was to make public the entire corpus of tsarist secret diplomacy, all the secret agreements, the secret clauses of public agreements etc. There too the target was the entire functioning of the state apparatuses of power.
Jim Sheeler|You know, sometimes I wish they would do this for us when we come home alive.
William Golding, Lord of the Flies|The three boys stood in the darkness, striving unsuccessfully to convey the majesty of adult life
D.H. Lawrence|A month ago it would have been my dream just to be in his bedroom watching a movie, but now it’s torture because I want so much more. It’s like my entire conscious state has been reduced to this toxic blend of hope and uncertainty. I hate that I have to act cool and almost pretend I don’t like him when in fact I do, because, God forbid, I come across as desperate for attention or a little clingy, which everyone should know are perfectly natural human behaviors, after all. Ugh!
Emme Rollins, Dear Rockstar|But I was done trying to wake her up, to make her see. To save her. The only person I could save was myself.
Emilyann Girdner, The Labyrinth Wall|To receive the compliments of being a good writer really annoys me, as this has been my perception that a writer as such has no value, it is the readers who invest their thought process, give life to dead words, coupled with their own imagination, thus syncing the content to their tastes and sensibilities, that matter.
Douglas MacArthur|This "sir, yes sir" business, which would probably sound like horseshit to any civilian in his right mind, makes sense to Shaftoe and to the officers in a deep and important way. Like a lot of others, Shaftoe had trouble with military etiquette at first. He soaked up quite a bit of it growing up in a military family, but living the life was a different matter. Having now experienced all the phases of military existence except for the terminal ones (violent death, court-martial, retirement), he has come to understand the culture for what it is: a system of etiquette within which it becomes possible for groups of men to live together for years, travel to the ends of the earth, and do all kinds of incredibly weird shit without killing each other or completely losing their minds in the process. The extreme formality with which he addresses these officers carries an important subtext: your problem, sir, is deciding what you want me to do, and my problem, sir, is doing it. My gung-ho posture says that once you give the order I'm not going to bother you with any of the details--and your half of the bargain is you had better stay on your side of the line, sir, and not bother me with any of the chickenshit politics that you have to deal with for a living. The implied responsibility placed upon the officer's shoulders by the subordinate's unhesitating willingness to follow orders is a withering burden to any officer with half a brain, and Shaftoe has more than once seen seasoned noncoms reduce green lieutenants to quivering blobs simply by standing before them and agreeing, cheerfully, to carry out their orders.
Michael  Jackson|To live is to be musical, starting with the blood dancing in your veins. Everything living has a rhythm. Do you feel your music?
Philip Nelson, Biological Physics: Energy, Information, Life|If we were truly created by God, then why do we still occasionally bite the insides of our own mouths?
America Ferrera|'Christian Mingle' is about a young, modern, single woman. She's trying to achieve it all - a successful career, amazing friends, and finding Mr. Right. She stumbles into the world of online dating looking for an instant 'soul mate solution,' but ultimately ends up taking a personal journey transforming her life.
J.D. Salinger|She was so cool, as she knew, ankles crossed at the puckered hem of granite gray sweatpants, and she also knew I was watching from the open doorof the B train—watching her pose in apparent comfort at the girder of this city thoroughfare.
Nayomi Munaweera, Island of a Thousand Mirrors|Diplomacy is an art of tackling our enemies. Using diplomacy on dear ones, in order to make measurable gains, is just like using a sword in place of a needle. We will be left bare very soon, and visibly so.
Malcolm X|The day is not far off when the economic problem will take the back seat where it belongs, and the arena of the heart and the head will be occupied or reoccupied, by our real problems - the problems of life and of human relations, of creation and behavior and religion.
Ted Nelson|I pretty much bailed on high school. I mean, I graduated, but I wasn't even there for my own graduation.
Beth  Hahn, The Singing Bone|He imagines the water running in thick curving lines, like the drawings of the tree’s roots, cutting through stone and spilling over the earth. And then he reverses the flow of water, letting his imagination take over, and he sees the water racing north, uphill, towards the Catskills, weaving around towns, beneath bridges, rushing over stones and cutting through the trees, until it lands at the feet of Alice Pearson, who stands on the shore, looking out at the place where the water meets the sky.
Mary Roach|I've always been a bit of a space geek. I wrote an article years ago about the neutral buoyancy tank, which is this biblically sized pool where they train astronauts. And it was just the coolest thing.
Charlotte Brontë|The trouble is not that I am single and likely to stay single, but that I am lonely and likely to stay lonely.
Thomas Burnett Swann, How Are the Mighty Fallen|A man’s love for a man is neither more nor less than a man’s love for a woman, it is only different.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|But still," Ayumi said, "it seems to me that this world has a serious shortage of both logic and kindness.""You may be right," Aomame said, "But it's too late to trade it in for another one.
Debasish Mridha|Suddenly, I find the most beautiful smiles in your eyes.
Alexandra Kleeman, You Too Can Have a Body Like Mine|There was no better way to live, or worse. It was all terrible, and you had to do it constantly,
Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses|We know that there are many animals on this continent not found in the Old World. These must have been carried from here to the ark, and then brought back afterwards. Were the peccary, armadillo, ant-eater, sloth, agouti, vampire-bat, marmoset, howling and prehensile-tailed monkey, the raccoon and muskrat carried by the angels from America to Asia? How did they get there? Did the polar bear leave his field of ice and journey toward the tropics? How did he know where the ark was? Did the kangaroo swim or jump from Australia to Asia? Did the giraffe, hippopotamus, antelope and orang-outang journey from Africa in search of the ark? Can absurdities go farther than this?
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|The poor man retains the prejudices of his forefathers without their faith, and their ignorance without their virtues; he has adopted the doctrine of self-interest as the rule of his actions, without understanding the science which puts it to use; and his selfishness is no less blind than was formerly his devotedness to others. If society is tranquil, it is not because it is conscious of its strength and its well-being, but because it fears its weakness and its infirmities; a single effort may cost it its life. Everybody feels the evil, but no one has courage or energy enough to seek the cure. The desires, the repinings, the sorrows, and the joys of the present time lead to no visible or permanent result, like the passions of old men, which terminate in impotence.
Terry Goodkind, The First Confessor|As it turns out, that persistence is a requirement. Thus, he would tell me, you need the dark to show the light, so you shouldn't curse darkness. You needed death to define life.
William James|Here’s the deal. We go in, you stand there like the asshole you are, and I explain you aren’t gay lovers with the pharmacist. Sound good?” Dove clicked her blinker on and checked her side mirror. “All I heard was blah, blah, holding your dick later, blah, blah.” Duke rolled down his window and stuck his face into the night.
Mark Rowlands, The Philosopher at the End of the Universe: Philosophy Explained Through Science Fiction Films|Além disso, somos individualmente o produto de forças que não escolhemos e que mal compreendemos. Não escolhemos nossos pais nem a época em que nascemos, e assim recebemos uma determinada herança genética sobre a qual não temos controle algum, mas que, até um ponto significante, tem controle sobre nós. Essa herança determina, em parte, as doenças a que somos suscetíveis e os limites de nossas capacidades intelectuais, atléticas e morais. Talvez não totalmente, mas o suficiente. Nascemos num ambiente que vai preencher o pouco espaço que sobra do que foi determinado geneticamente, um ambiente que, novamente, não escolhemos e sobre o qual mal temos controle, pelo menos durante nossos anos de formação. A maneira como somos e aquilo que fazemos são resultados de nossos genes e nosso ambiente, que, juntos, exercem em nós uma influência que compreendemos de forma bastante nebulosa. Era isso que os filósofos existencialistas, com Jean-Paul Sartre, por exemplo, queriam dizer quando afirmavam que somos jogados no mundo.
Martin Heidegger, The Self-Assertion of the German University|The spiritual world of a Volk is not its cultural superstructure, just as little as it is its arsenal of useful knowledge [Kenntnisse] and values; rather, it is the power that comes from preserving at the most profound level the forces that are rooted in the soil and blood of a Volk, the power to arouse most inwardly and to shake most extensively the Volk's existence.
Marie Lu, Prodigy|Day will move on and live his life. So will I. We will be okay. Someday, perhaps in the far and distant future, we'll find each other again.
Gloria Naylor, Mama Day|She could walk through a lightning storm without being touched; grab a bolt of lightning in the palm of her hand; use the heat of lightning to start the kindling going under her medicine pot. She turned the moon into salve, the stars into swaddling cloth, and healed the wounds of every creature walking up on two or down on four.
Melanie Dickerson, The Captive Maiden|Is it like this everywhere you go?” Gary asked. “Pretty much.” Savannah shrugged calmly. “I don’t really mind. Peter always—” She broke off abruptly and brought the steaming cup to her mouth. Gregori could feel sorrow beating at her, a crushing stone weighing down her heart. His hand slipped down her arm to lace his fingers through hers. At once he poured warmth and comfort into her mind, the sensation of his arms around her body, holding her close. “Peter Sanders always took care of the details surrounding Savannah’s shows. He was very good at shielding her. He was murdered after her last show out in San Francisco.” He provided the information quietly to Gary. “I’m sorry,” Gary said instantly, meaning it. Her distress was evident in her large blue eyes. They shimmered with so
Zayn Malik|I remember being on film sets when I was younger, and only men got to do the cool action movies. So I thought, 'Maybe I'll get to produce one day and get to do cool stuff too,' which is what happened when we did 'Charlie's Angels.' Starting my production company was a big turning point for me.
Shannon Hale, Midnight in Austenland|The panic disappeared under those soothing old fingers and the breathing slowed down and stopped hurting the chest as if a fox was caught in it, and then at last Mr. Kroger began to lecture the boy as he used to, Pablo, he murmured, don't ever be so afraid of being lonely that you forget to be careful. Don't forget that you will find it sometimes but other times you won't be lucky, and those are the times when you have got to be patient, since patience is what you must have when you don't have luck. ("The Mysteries of the Joy Rio")
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|To be a rainbow in someone’s cloud is commendable, but I prefer to be the rain because it dampens cheeks and washes away tears.
Miranda Otto|When I was working on 'Homeland,' there was a consultant who helped me a lot... I went to Washington and met with my consultant there, and he actually organised a lunch with several people from the Intelligence Committee.
Avijeet Das|One day she asked me: "Is this love?" I said: "If this is not love, then love is nothing!
Candace Bushnell, Trading Up|But that was the problem with New York: No matter how succesful you thought you were, there was always someone who was richer, more successful, more famous.. The idea of it was sometimes enough to make you want to give up.
Armistead Maupin, The Night Listener|I couldn't write—or wouldn't write, at any rate—unable to face the grueling self-scrutiny that fiction demands
Ann Leckie, Ancillary Justice|In the nineteen years since then, I had learned eleven languages and 713 songs. I had found ways to conceal what I was—even, I was fairly sure, from the Lord of the Radch herself. I had worked as a cook, a janitor, a pilot. I had settled on a plan of action. I had joined a religious order, and made a great deal of money. In all that time I only killed a dozen people.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|If niggers were supposed to have their freedom, they wouldn't be in chains. If the red man was supposed to keep hold of his land, it'd still be his. If the white man wasn't destined to take this new world, he wouldn't own it now.Here was the true Great Spirit, the divine thread connecting all human endeavor--if you can keep it, it is yours. Your property, slave or continent. The American imperative.
C.D. Reiss, Control|Can I tell you a dirty secret?” “Yes,” she gasped. “Just hurry.” Derek’s dark laughter increased her arousal, coating her in slick heat. Achingly slow, he sunk two thick fingers inside her. “If I could go back and do one thing differently that first night, I would taste your virgin pussy before I fucked you. I bet it would have been extra sweet.
Mette Ivie Harrison, The Princess and the Hound|You still know that boy. He was very angry at fourteen, fifteen, in summer and winter, at home or in the world. So angry that his face contorted in photos. The camera was a question and his face did not know the answer.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|However, although you might think this is the time of year to take some time off, you must never transgress one of the allotment rules: 'Thou shan't go on holiday in summer!
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|Most of the laugh tracks on television were recorded in the early 1950’s. These days, most of the people you hear laughing are dead.
Julia Quinn, The Duke and I|God is not remote from us. He is at the point of my pen, my (pick) shovel, my paint brush, my (sewing) needle - and my heart and thoughts.
Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea|War as a moral metaphor is limited, limiting, and dangerous. By reducing the choices of action to “a war against” whatever-it-is, you divide the world into Me or Us (good) and Them or It (bad) and reduce the ethical complexity and moral richness of our life to Yes/No, On/Off.
Zach Wamp|The President regards the Japanese as a brave people; but courage, though useful in time of war, is subordinate to knowledge of arts; hence, courage without such knowledge is not to be highly esteemed.
Sabaa Tahir, An Ember in the Ashes|So... Boris. Are you evil?' [said the Doctor].'Not at all, my dear sir,' chuckled Boris.'You just chuckled,' groaned the Doctor. 'Chuckling's a dead givaway in my books. Along with putting your hands on your hips and snogging another man's wife.
I.E. Castellano, Bow of the Moon|Either way, Grayson found it ironic how such dissimilar circumstances, colleges, and mental hospitals, had led to the same awful apartment.
Levon Peter Poe|But I've bought a big bat.I'm all ready, you see.Now my troubles are goingTo have trouble with me!
Richard J.  O'Brien|Death is a force, not a man in a horse
Dean Koontz, Ashley Bell|I am a lover of love and I am a lover of words, and the two together spin visions of airy castles, but also may pierce the heart of hope. And so I remind you that I am a fool, a poet, and what matters is reality, not lovely words. Words are full of promise, yet empty of matter.
Bob     Smith, Remembrance of Things I Forgot|Moreover, grandmothers of students who aren't doing so well in class are at even higher risk - students who are failing are fifty times more likely to lose a grandmother compared with non-failing students. In a paper exploring this sad connection, Adam speculates that the phenomenon is due to intrafamilial dynamics, which is to say, students' grandmothers care so much about their grandchildren that they worry themselves to death over the outcome of exams.
Lorraine Loveit, Bounce Down - 1st Quarter: Start of Play|Come over here and taste me,” he says, his voice little but a seductive whisper.
Dexter Palmer, The Dream of Perpetual Motion|History repeats, again.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|To help get your creative juices flowing, you might look online at lists of the "best taglines ever." Their branding ideas are genius and may be just the catalyst you need to activate your awesome!
Christian Louboutin|Most of the things at the zoo don't look like us. We're one design that works. Our chimp pals sort of look like us, so that's a different take on the same basic design. But fish don't look like us, and giraffes don't. They look a little like us, but not too much. And insects certainly don't look like us, and they work just fine.
Brad Barkley, Dream Factory|You asked me if I believed in magic, and I said yes, and that's how. You just step out, start pulling your life out of the air. You make friends, you find work you really like doing, you find places. You find diners and Laundromats. You find beaches. You find a junk car and drive it for a month, then lave it beside the road. You find someone to fall in love with you. You make it all up as you go. Or, you know, maybe it makes you up.
Antal Szerb, The Queen's Necklace|If you spent time thinking about the future, you wouldn't be a true adventurer. An adventure is something that happens from one moment to the next; in which there is no yesterday and no tomorrow. Everything else is just petty bourgeois.
George Gillespie, A Dispute Against the English Popish Ceremonies Obtruded on the Church of Scotland: Wherein Not Only Our Own Arguments Against the Same Are Strongly Confirmed, But Likewise the Answers and Defences of Our Opposites, Such as Hooker, Morton, Burges, Spri...|One very difficult aspect of sin is that my sin never feels like sin to me. My sin feels like life to me, plain and simple. My heart is an idol factory, and my mind is an excuse-making factory.
V.C. Andrews, Flowers in the Attic|Then turn your eyes back on me,and tell me that Cathy and I are still children to be treated with condescension, and are incapable of understanding adult subjects.
Michelle Hodkin, The Retribution of Mara Dyer|Kneel!” he ordered.	My head raised in defiance, I stepped forward. “I am Princess Andrea de Montemaior. I will kneel to no one,” I said to the shadows inside.
Joseph Heller, Catch-22|Big food companies flatter us by telling us how busy we are and they simultaneously convince us that we are helpless. I am moderately busy, but not all that helpless. Neither are you.
Jazz Feylynn|I should've known the eyes. Wide, bright blue, and something about the delicate arc of the lids: a cat's slant, a pale jeweled girl in an old painting, a secret.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If truth be told, the easy road is nothing more than an armchair in clever disguise. And if you look around, it seems that there are a whole lot of people in the furniture business.
Gwenn Wright, Filter|Are you all right,” he whispered, his lips brushing the tips of my spiky hair. Granted, I knew he was only being discreet so as to save poor Hillary from being reamed again, but my knees didn’t know the difference. They betrayed me, buckling under his hot breath on my ear and the deep whisper that tickled my senses.
David B. Lentz, For the Beauty of the Earth: A Novel|Maybe, life is a kind of waking dream.Maybe, it's a double-dream with a false awakening.Maybe, the dream only becomes lucid and truly luminous given the fuller perspective of life after one's own wake.Maybe, the pictures never stop.Doesn't the existence of dreams and higher consciousness during the years of blackouts of a lifetime, whether longer or shorter, give us a valid premise to hope that another highly spiritual state may await our passing?
Nate Silver, The Signal and the Noise: Why So Many Predictions Fail - But Some Don't|Learn whom God has ordered you to be, and in what part of human affairs you have been placed.
Blaise Cendrars, Moravagine|...men are monsters all, and something in them wants to force others to see the world the same way they see it.
Josh Stern, And That's Why I'm Single: What Good Is Having A Lucky Horseshoe Up Your Butt When The Horse Is Still Attached?|Y'know, men and women are a lot alike in certain situations, like sitting on frozen peas after a vasectomy
Monica Bellucci|Some horror movies are just for shock value, so it doesn't really feel scary.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|These military devices, leading to victory, must not be divulged beforehand.
Jerome K. Jerome, Diary of a Pilgrimage|I often arrive at quite sensible ideas and judgements, on the spur of the moment. It is when I stop to think that I become foolish.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With faith, I love without any fear.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|When teaching someone a boundary, they learn less from the enforcement of the boundary, and more from the way the boundary is established.
Aporva Kala, Life... Love... Kumbh...|Mr. Rip Wan winkle, be a star that twinkle.
Lionel Sosa|I am, you know, really fighting for myself and my life. And I think the message that I could give to anybody is that it's never too late to start your life again and dream new dreams.
Diana Wynne Jones, Howl's Moving Castle|Howl pointed a shaky hand up toward the canopy of his bed. “That’s why I love spiders. ‘If at first you don’t succeed, try, try, try, again.’ I keep trying,” he said with great sadness. “But I brought it on myself by making a bargain some years ago, and I know I shall never be able to love anyone properly now.”The water running out of Howl’s eyes was definitely tears now.
Louise Penny, Bury Your Dead|While the differences between love and hate can be blurred and difficult to decipher at times, the dichotomy of denial and acceptance are much more distinct. One is halting and aggressively rejects all truth, while the other is more passive and at peace – welcoming whatever truth is in waiting, whether fortunate or tragic.
Milan Kundera, Slowness|The religion of orgasm: utilitarianism projected into sex life; efficiency versus indolence; coition reduced to an obstacle to be got past as quickly as possible in order to reach an ecstatic explosion, the only true goal of love-making and of the universe.
Bill Murray|If you travel to the States... they have a lot of different words than like what we use. For instance: they say 'elevator', we say 'lift'; they say 'drapes', we say 'curtains'; they say 'president', we say 'seriously deranged git.'
Jimmy Carter|Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.
Chris Pratt|Building a house from scratch in the middle of a field is a bit like building a prototype car. As with all prototypes, if you're building a car you usually have the luxury of producing several prototypes before you arrive at the production line version - so the opportunity for changing things is quite rich.
Cormac McCarthy|I never had any doubts about my abilities. I knew I could write. I just had to figure out how to eat while doing this., New York Times, April 19, 1992]
Heather Anastasiu, Glitch|I give you full credit for the discovery, I crawl, I grovel, my name is Watson, and you need not say what you were just going to say, because I admit it all.
Paul Fleischman, Whirligig|I’d looked around my room at the ribbons and sashes and rosettes hanging from the walls, at the photos of my ponies clearing the highest fences with me crouched in the saddle, a look of utter determination on my face. I’d made myself look hard at the pictures, at my legs swinging backwards over the fences, at my body lying low over my pony’s neck, my hands grasping at the reins as I turned them in mid-air. At the way that Teddy’s eyes were bulging as I pulled him around a tight turn, at the way the veins popped out on Buck’s lathered neck, at Springbok’s open mouth, dripping with foam. I’d looked hard at them all, and I hadn’t liked what I’d seen.
Michael Jordan|Find out who you are and be that person. That's what your soul was put on this Earth to be. Find that truth, live that truth and everything else will come.
Sunday Adelaja|What sort of life have you ledthat you find yourself, an adult male of late middle age,about to weep among the avocados and citrus fruitsin a vast, overlit room next to a bosomy Cuban Grandmawith her sparkly, extravagent eyewear?It's good that your parents are no longer alive.
T.N. Suarez, The Limbo Tree|If you surrender to your imagination, the story will write itself.
Lauren DeStefano, Sever|If you want to be with somebody who gets you, you prefer collusion to desire, safety to excitement (sometimes good things to prefer but not always the things most wanted). The wish to be understood may be our most vengeful demand, may be the way we hang on, as adults, to the grudge against our mothers; the way we never let our mothers of the hook for their not meeting our every need. Wanting to be understood, as adults, can be, among many other things our most violent form of nostalgia.
Alice Jamieson, Today I'm Alice: Nine Personalities, One Tortured Mind|There, there, best to bring it all up,' she said. My memory was in shreds. Imagine a photograph cut into narrow strips then jumbled up. Everything is there, but you can't see the whole picture and even the strips have no bearing on reality. I did know I had consumed a large amount of alcohol. But I must have done something crazier than just being found drunk to have a nurse sitting by my bed. I thought it would be a good idea to say something and planned it for several seconds. 'She's all right,' I said. 'Who is?' asked the nurse. 'Alice. I'm all right now.' As I spoke I wondered if I had said something wrong. didn't sound like me. There were so many voices muttering in the background it was hard to tell.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|The world needs teachers – teachers who have broken their own shackles of indoctrination – teachers who can go beyond the narrow-mindedness of the society. A handful of these young, brave and zealous teachers in every nation, shall be enough to rekindle the spark of pure knowledge in the entire species.
Stuart A. Kauffman|If biologists have ignored self-organization, it is not because self-ordering is not pervasive and profound. It is because we biologists have yet to understand how to think about systems governed simultaneously by two sources of order, Yet who seeing the snowflake, who seeing simple lipid molecules cast adrift in water forming themselves into cell-like hollow lipid vesicles, who seeing the potential for the crystallization of life in swarms of reacting molecules, who seeing the stunning order for free in networks linking tens upon tens of thousands of variables, can fail to entertain a central thought: if ever we are to attain a final theory in biology, we will surely, surely have to understand the commingling of self-organization and selection. We will have to see that we are the natural expressions of a deeper order. Ultimately, we will discover in our creation myth that we are expected after all.
John Emerich Edward Dalberg-Acton, Lectures on the French Revolution|The theory of the relations between states and churches is bound up with the theory of Toleratio, and on that suject the eighteenth century scarcely rose above an intermittend, embarrassed, and unscientific view. For religious liberty is composed of the properties both of religion and of liberty, and one of its factors never became an object of disinterested observation among actual leaders of opinion. They preferred the argument of doubt to the argument of certitude, and sought to defeat intolerance by casting out revelation as they had defeated the persecution of witches by casting out the devil. There remained a flaw in their liberalism, for liberty apart from belief is liberty with a good deal of the substance taken out of it. The problem is less complicated and the solution less radical and less profound.
Thomm Quackenbush, Danse Macabre (Night's Dream, #2)|Now that this destiny was about to happen, every instinct within him fought against it, realizing he had been fetishizing suicide.
Colin Bord, Sacred Waters|Miles away, down through an opening in the hills, he could catch glimpses of a road where motor-cars sometimes passed, and yet here, so removed from the arteries of the latest civilization, was a bat-haunted old homestead, where something unmistakably like witchcraft seemed to hold a very practical sway.
Neil Gaiman, Fragile Things: Short Fictions and Wonders|Had (President) Kennedy turned to his advisers and wailed, "What can we beat the Russians at?" and if someone had cried "Backgammon!" at that point, Apollo would never have happened.
Urs Fischer|I think beauty comes from within, and society paints a ridiculous picture.
Donna Lynn Hope|When other girls were dreaming about love, she dreamt of love too, but in an entirely different context - the ones they took for granted.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|To become a leader, renovate your mind with painting of peace and roof your heart with ceiling of love. No love, no leader!
L.A. Casey, Alec|Gripping her hips in his hands, he thrust into her, and her eyes closed, her head tilting to the side as he pumped in and out of her, wondering how a quickie in the back of a limo could be the hottest sex he’d had in a long time. It’s her. It’s always been her.
Anthony T. Hincks|If we go on like this, there won't be anything left to fight for
Jodi Picoult, The Storyteller|Forgiving isn't something you do for someone else. It's something you do for yourself. It's saying, 'You're not important enough to have a stranglehold on me.' It's saying, 'You don't get to trap me in the past. I am worthy of a future.
Jay Asher, Thirteen Reasons Why|After your visits, I twisted my blinds shut every night. I locked out the stars and I never saw lightning again. Each night, I simply turned out the lights and went to bed.
Torey L. Hayden|There is no need to become unique. We already are unique. There is no need to become equal. We already are equal. The greatest tragedies of humankind have come from people trying to force sameness on the level we are different, and trying to become different on the level we are the same. Peace is a matter of recognizing what is already there, not creating something new.
J.M. Ledgard, Submergence|But then life is never neat, it is made up of doors and trapdoors. You move down baroque corridors, and even when you think you know which door to open, you still need to have the courage to choose.
Orhan Pamuk, The Museum of Innocence|All men are, at times, influenced by inexplicable sentiments. Ideas haunt them in spite of all their efforts to discard them. Prepossessions are entertained, for which their reason is unable to discover any adequate cause. The strength of a belief, when it is destitute of any rational foundation, seems, of itself, to furnish a new ground for credulity. We first admit a powerful persuasion, and then, from reflecting on the insufficiency of the ground on which it is built, instead of being prompted to dismiss it, we become more forcibly attached to it.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|When you feel that others are lacking and failing ....first assess the skill, style, quality, results, mindset, support, professionalism and spirit with which you yourself play the game.
Lawrence Lessig|From the U.S. Capitol Building to the White House, our national symbols that represent freedom to so many of us, were built by people who were anything but free.
Mark Frost|Who knows what adventure we might find here?" Drizzt said excitedly. "Who knows what secrets might be unveiled to us?""Adventure?" Dunkin asked incredulously, looking to the carnage along the beach, and to the zombies still frozen in the water. "Reward?" he added with a chuckle. "Punishment, more likely, though I have done nothing to harm you, any of you!""We are here to unveil a mystery," Drizzt said, as though that fact should have piqued the man's curiosity, "To learn and to grow. To live as we discover the secrets of the world about us.
Ally Condie, Matched|So why do I write, torturing myself to put it down? Because in spite of myself I've learned some things. Without the possibility of action, all knowledge comes to one labeled "file and forget," and I can neither file nor forget. Nor will certain ideas forget me; they keep filing away at my lethargy, my complacency. Why should I be the one to dream this nightmare?
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|What is enlightenment? In the Korean tradition of Tao, it is known a Mu-Ah (Mu means “No” or “Nothing” and Ah means “Me”). It is no-me-ness, or egoless-ness. It means realizing the true, unchanging nature of the person you happen to be.
Kristen Ashley, The Gamble|I realized then that both Gladys and Norm were smiling at about the time I realized that Max and I were acting like lunatics.“I don’t think she’s tied up in knots anymore, Gladie,” Norm observed.“She is, dear, just not ones she wants to untie,” Gladys remarked.
Scott Hawkins, The Library at Mount Char|And so she cut out her heart and offered it as a sacrifice. She would pay whatever price her mother Wallachia demanded.“Make me prince,” she said without feeling.
Ryan Lilly, #Networking is people looking for people looking for people|The best way to get over your fear of meeting new people is to imagine them naked. Unless you’re networking at a nudist camp, then you may have to get more creative.
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|The taste for books was an early one. As a child he was sometimes found at midnight by a page still reading. They took his taper away, and he bred glow-worms to serve his purpose. They took the glow-worms away and he almost burnt the house down with a tinder.
Bertrand Russell, Sceptical Essays|If you put your politicians up for sale, as the US does (alone in this among industrialized democracies), then someone will buy them--and it won’t be you; you can’t afford them.
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|It was not my strength that wanted nursing, it was my imagination that wanted soothing.
Tom Clancy, Clear and Present Danger|Confession is the act of inviting God to walk the acreage of our hearts. “There is a rock of greed over here, Father. I can’t budge it. And that tree of guilt near the fence? Its roots are long and deep. And may I show you some dry soil, too crusty for seed?” God’s seed grows better if the soil of the heart is cleared.
Yuikan Shirik|Just think and the answers are endless, who am I? Where am from? where will I go?........
P.G. Wodehouse, Summer Lightning|Lady Constance's lips tightened, and a moment passed during which it seemed always a fifty-fifty chance that a handsome silver ink-pot would fly through the air in the direction of her brother's head.
Toni Morrison, Beloved|Partner struck me as an ugly euphemism. Euphemism in the sense that people don’t like to talk about sex, so they displace it on to some kind of business model. Since I have a distaste for business, I see no appeal to something that sounds like a financial leadership team.
EfratCybulkiewicz|Some of us don't stay long enough in one single place, relationship, journey or country but that does not mean we evade reality or makes us unstable. It simply means, we are not very keen to entertain ourselves, for long periods of time, with the same old same old reflections or shadows on the wall, when aware of the existence of the sun; the price for enlightenment, solitude
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords|I know I want you," he heard himself say, all his vows and his honor all forgotten. She stood before him naked as her name day, and he was as hard as the rock around them. He had been in her half a hundred times by now, but always beneath furs, with others all around them. He had never seeen how beautiful she was. Her legs were skinny and well muscled, the hair at the juncture of her thighs a brighter red than that on her head. Does that make it even luckier? He pulled her close. "I love the smell of you," he said. "I love your red hair. I love your mouth, and the way you kiss me. I love your smile. I love your teats." He kissed them, one and then the other. "I love your skinny legs, and what's between them." He knelt to kiss her there, lightly on her mound at first, but Ygritte moved her legs apart a little, and he saw the pink inside and kissed that as well, and tasted her. She gave a little gasp. "If you love me all so much, why are you still dressed?" she whispered. "You know nothing, Jon Snow. Noth---oh. Oh. OHHH."Afterward, she was almost shy, or as shy as Ygritte ever got. "The thing you did," she said, when they lay together on their piled clothes. "With your...mouth." She hesistated. "Is that...is it what lordss do to their ladies, down in the south?""I don't think so." No one had ever told Jon just what lords did with their ladies. "I only...wanted to kiss you there, that's all. You seemed to like it.""Aye. I...I liked it some. No one taught you such?""There's been no one," he confessed. "Only you.
John Webster, The White Devil|Oft gay and honoured robes those tortures try: We think caged birds sing, when indeed they cry.
Ewan McGregor|What matters most with any regimen, whether it's to lose weight or stop drinking or smoking, is your willingness to seek help and your desire to say 'no more.
Daniele Lanzarotta, Divine Ashes|Being In love with Vampires is never out of fashion" (The Angel Vampire: A New Race is Born)
Anthony Liccione|At the bottom of the mountain you have your scoffers and doubters, by midpoint you have your envious and haters, and when you reach to the top you have new friends and family you never met or thought existed.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Shall we accept the testimony of a man, yet reject the Truth of God.
David Paul Kirkpatrick, The Address Of Happiness|A childish feeling, I admit, but, when we retire from the conventions of society and draw close to nature, we involuntarily become children: each attribute acquired by experience falls away from the soul, which becomes anew such as it was once and will surely be again.
Zora Neale Hurston|Blue skiesSmiling at meNothing but blue skiesDo I seeBluebirdsSinging a songNothing but bluebirdsAll day longNever saw the sun shining so brightNever saw things going so rightNoticing the days hurrying byWhen you're in love, my how they flyBlue daysAll of them goneNothing but blue skiesFrom now onI never saw the sun shining so brightNever saw things going oh-so rightNoticing the days hurrying byWhen you're in love, my how they flyBlue daysAll of them goneNothing but blue skiesFrom now onSongwriter: Irving Berlin
Debasish Mridha|To change the action, change thoughts first.
Gerda Lerner|perhaps the greatest challenge to thinking women is the challenge to move from the desire for safety and approval to the most "unfeminine" quality of all -- that of intllectual arrogance, the supreme hubris which asserts to itself the right to reorder the world. The Hubris of the god makers, the hubris of the male-system builders.
Pazaria Smith|This is the word of the LORD saying, Not by Might, nor by Power, but by my Spirit, saith the LORD of hosts.
Auliq-Ice|Where does repressed pain and rage go in a body? Does the wound of daughter turn to something else if left unattended? Does it bloom in the belly like an anti-child, like an organic mass made of emotions that didn’t have anywhere to go? How do we name the pain of rage in a woman? Mother?
Romy Schneider|I believe that in life, you have to give things your best shot, do your best. You have to focus on what needs to be done, do the right thing, not the popular thing.
Teri Hall, The Line|But my mother's life was a never-ending round of maintenance. Not one single thing did she ever achieve but that it had to be done all over again, one day or one week or one season later. Oh, the monotony.
Victoria Aveyard, Red Queen|I laughed as I twisted to face him and raised my arm to hit in one move. He caught my wrist and my laugh caught in my throat. A mischievous grin curved my mouth as I raised my other hand to hit him. He reached over me and caught that wrist too, gently pinning my arms above my head as he straddled my hips. The space between us boiled my blood.
Arundhati Roy|It is true that success is the most boring thing, it is tinny and brittle, failure runs deeper. Success is dangerous. I have a very complicated relationship with that word.
Addie Zierman, When We Were on Fire: A Memoir of Consuming Faith, Tangled Love, and Starting Over|When people confide their deep hurt to you these days, you are at a loss for what to say. A long time ago, you used to say, "I'll be praying for you," and you always meant to do that, to take those heavy burdens off their shoulders and hoist them up to the Lord. But the truth is, you usually forgot. Usually, this was the thing you said to end the conversation, a nice way to say, "I'm sorry. I can no longer handle the depth of your pain. I don't want to talk about this anymore.
Amanda  Carlson, Struck|My name is Phoebe Meadows." I covered my nakedness again with my arms. "I know it's a little late for this, since I'm currently lying butt naked in your arms, and you've already saved my life three times, but now is better than never. You can call me Phoebe if you like.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Live what you be, not what you see.
Leonard Susskind|I was educated by monks - I thank them dearly for the education they gave me, but I am no longer a Catholic.
merlin8thomas|Well, it’s too late. I’m already attached. And you won’t know if it will last unless you really, really try, right?”“What is that supposed to mean?”“Well, Charlie said I could live with them. And you too. She really likes you. She said she’s never had a mother, and she asked me if I would mind sharing mine. I told her I wouldn’t if she didn’t mind sharing her father.
George Orwell, 1984|The Party seeks power entirely for its own sake. We are not interested in the good of others; we are interested solely in power. Not wealth or luxury or long life or happiness; only power, pure power. The object of power is power. Now do you begin to understand me?
Elie Wiesel|If you want small changes in your life, work on your attitude. But if you want big and primary changes, work on your paradigm.
Jeffrey D. Sachs|There lies another power in man. That power is Moral: Its name is CHOICE! Within this one word, Choice, lies the story of man’s world. It stands for the secret poise within him. It reveals as a flashlight all his imagings, his phantasies, his willful thoughts, his deeds, from the greatest to the least, even in this gliding hour we call today. This one word, Choice, stands for the sole and single power; it is the name of the mystery that lies behind the veil of all human appearances. A word that dissolves the enigma of men’s deeds. A word, a light that not only illuminates all his obvious works, all the inner springs and motives of his civilizations, but a light whose rays reach within the sanctuary of the secret thought of each and all, thus revealing the man of the past and the man of today, starkly in personal status as a social factor of beneficence or wore. Need we know man’s thoughts? View his works, his deeds; they tell his choice.
Diane Ackerman, The Moon by Whale Light and Other Adventures Among Bats, Penguins, Crocodilians and Whales|Alligators have beautiful undulating skin, which feels dense, spongy, solid, like the best eraser.
Chudney Thomas, Full Force|James’ fingers brushed her cheek. “You can run, or you can see this through to the end. Whatever that end might be.
Terry Gross|It is the perpetual dread of fear, the fear of fear, that shapes the face of a brave man.
Hubert Martin|She is beyond any mortal structure of words, yet she inspires the effort to try anyway.
Lyndon B. Johnson|In a relationship, it's important to make each other laugh. To give each other freedom, support each other and be proud of each other.
VaeEshia Ratcliff-Davis|The art of betrayal has not taught me to be bitter, but not so easily misplace trust.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|It is raining in my heart.Humanity is shedding a tear.I asked, “Who is suffering?”Is it my mother?Silence.No answer.Everyone has a mother,And she always suffers.Why as a child do we let our mothers suffer?I could not get an answer.
Marcel Duchamp|I am, as it happens, a baby boomer, but not one who feels any broad-gauge nostalgia for the '60s and '70s. My attitude resembles that of my parents, who were born in the '20s and lived through the Great Depression and World War II.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|If you are going to devote your time to do something you claim you love, take this thought; "is this going to send me any far? How far can it send me? This is planning.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|So long as I am acting from duty and conviction, I am indifferent to taunts and jeers. I think they will probably do me more good than harm.
Karl Jaspers, Man In The Modern Age|Just as primitive man believed himself to stand face to face with demons and believed that could he but know their names he would become their master, so is contemporary man faced by this incomprehensible, which disorders his calculations. "If I can but grasp it, if I can but cognise it", so he thinks, "I can make it my servant.
Mallika Nawal, I'm a Woman & I'm on SALE|If you are a woman, reading my tale, learn to fight for your rights and the respect you deserve as a human being. But, if you are a man, reading my tale, learn to respect women and, likewise, advocate for them.
Sandra Lee Dennis|Attitude Is EverythingWe live in a culture that is blind to betrayal and intolerant of emotional pain. In New Age crowds here on the West Coast, where your attitude is considered the sole determinant of the impact an event has on you, it gets even worse.In these New Thought circles, no matter what happens to you, it is assumed that you have created your own reality. Not only have you chosen the event, no matter how horrible, for your personal growth. You also chose how you interpret what happened—as if there are no interpersonal facts, only interpretations.The upshot of this perspective is that your suffering would vanish if only you adopted a more evolved perspective and stopped feeling aggrieved. I was often kindly reminded (and believed it myself), “there are no victims.” How can you be a victim when you are responsible for your circumstances?When you most need validation and support to get through the worst pain of your life, to be confronted with the well-meaning, but quasi-religious fervor of these insidious half-truths can be deeply demoralizing. This kind of advice feeds guilt and shame, inhibits grieving, encourages grandiosity and can drive you to be alone to shield your vulnerability.
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|In the search of spark, we forget the beauty of darkness. We forget the purpose of the light.
Robert M. Pirsig|The primitive tribes permitted far less individual freedom than does modern society. Ancient wars were committed with far less moral justification than modern ones. A technology that produces debris can find, and is finding, ways of disposing of it without ecological upset. And the schoolbook pictures of primitive man sometimes omit some of the detractions of his primitive life - the pain, the disease, famine, the hard labor needed just to stay alive. From that agony of bare existence to modern life can be soberly described only as upward progress, and the sole agent for this progress is quite clearly reason itself.
Thomas More, Utopia|For if you suffer your people to be ill-educated, and their manners to be corrupted from their infancy, and then punish them for those crimes to which their first education disposed them, what else is to be concluded from this, but that you first make thieves and then punish them.
M.A. George, Relativity|My instincts told me that death would somehow be…different. But my rational mind reminded me that I had probably tempted fate one too many times. At least, I thought it was my rational mind. It sure seemed like the usual voice inside my head. Thank God there was only one of them.
Paul Gibbons, The Science of Successful Organizational Change: How Leaders Set Strategy, Change Behavior, and Create an Agile Culture|Always look at the function, its not what you did but why do you do it? Once you find the why then you walk through another door
Douglas Coupland, Shampoo Planet|So, your kids must love the iPad?” I asked Mr. [Steve] Jobs, trying to change the subject. The company’s first tablet was just hitting the shelves. “They haven’t used it,” he told me. “We limit how much technology our kids use at home.” (Nytimes article, Sept. 10, 2014)
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|But heroes, at times, had to be fools.
Zulfikar Ali Bhutto, If I Am Assassinated|Biographers rue the destruction or loss of letters; they might also curse the husband and wife who never leave each other’s side, and thus perform a kind of epistolary abortion.
Jeffrey Tucker|Experience teaches effectually, but brutally. It makes us acquainted with all the effects of an action, by causing us to feel them; and we cannot fail to finish by knowing that fire burns, if we have burned ourselves. For this rough teacher, I should like, if possible, to substitute a more gentle one. I mean Foresight. For this purpose I shall examine the consequences of certain economical phenomena, by placing in opposition to each other those which are seen, and those which are not seen.
Bill Bryson, Shakespeare: The World as Stage|Shakespeare 'never owned a book,' a writer for the New York Times gravely informed readers in one doubting article in 2002. The statement cannot actually be refuted, for we know nothing about his incidental possessions. But the writer might just as well have suggested that Shakespeare never owned a pair of shoes or pants. For all the evidence tells us, he spent his life naked from the waist down, as well as bookless, but it is probably that what is lacking is the evidence, not the apparel or the books.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|To know if someone can speak offensively or politely, don’t give him poem to recite; don’t give him a song to sing. Just engage him in an argument and you will know it for yourself who he is.
Tamara Stamenkovic|Pronaci cemo se.Onda kada i vreme zaboravi na nas.Pronaci ces me negde u sebi,tu gde se krijes iza laznih i prolaznih ociju.
Henry Rollins|Marriage is the alliance of two people, one of whom never remembers birthdays and the other who never forgets them.
Jill Shalvis, Once in a Lifetime|You continue to stare at me for a few seconds, assessing my face, beforeyou lean even closer to me. Your lips graze against mine briefly… Justenough to reassure that you’re not truly upset with me, but are nonethelessquite prepared to have some fun at my expense, and punish me for my poorcommunication skills. Then you take a step back, leaving me flat againstthe wall, tensed and expectant.
Bauvard, Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic|Every child that receives life advice should keep in mind that in every parent’s past, there’s leftover booze and contraceptives.
Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio|If it is asserted that civilization is a real advance in the condition of man — and I think that it is, though only the wise improve their advantages — it must be shown that it has produced better dwellings without making them more costly; and the cost of a thing is the amount of what I will call life which is required to be exchanged for it, immediately or in the long run.
Kamand Kojouri|Love without conditions, restrictions, or the expectation of being loved in return.
Ban Ki-moon|The scientific man does not aim at an immediate result. He does not expect that his advanced ideas will be readily taken up. His work is like that of the planter - for the future. His duty is to lay the foundation for those who are to come, and point the way.
Martha Wells, All Systems Red|It's strange when you think about it. There are hundreds and hundreds of murders in books and television. It would be hard for narrative fiction to survive without them. And yet there are almost none in real life, unless you happen to live in the wrong area. Why is it that we have such a need for murder mystery? And what is it that attracts us? The crime, or the solution? Do we have some primal need of bloodshed because our own lives are so safe, so comfortable?
Stephanie Perkins, Isla and the Happily Ever After|Coming back to Karachi is like stepping into the sea again after months on land. How easily you float, how peaceful is the sense of being borne along, and how familiar the sound of the water lapping against your limbs.
James     Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|Insofar we are death-bound, existence is urgent and frightful. Insofar as are groundless, it is vertiginous and dreamlike. Insofar as we are insatiable, it is unquiet and tormented.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|When the common soldiers are too strong and their officers too weak, the result is INSUBORDINATION.
Gideon Defoe, The Pirates! In An Adventure With Napoleon|In his time the Pirate Captain had made a number of dramatic entrances of his own – not always intentional it had to be said, as quite often they were the result of him accidentally setting himself on fire – but even he had to admit that Cutlass Liz’s dramatic entrance set an extremely high dramatic-entrance standard.
Kerry Thornley|Religion is the belief in an ever-living God, that is, in a Divine Mind and Will ruling the Universe and holding moral relations with mankind.
Beverly K. Bachel, What Do You Really Want?: How to Set a Goal and Go for It! A Guide for Teens|The more often you visualize your success and the more details you envision, the more motivated you’ll feel.
Henry David Thoreau, Civil Disobedience and Other Essays|Even voting for the right is doing nothing for it. It is only expressing to men feebly your desire that it should prevail. A wise man will not leave the right to the mercy of chance, nor wish it to prevail through the power of the majority. There is but little virtue in the action of masses of men.
Katy Evans, Ms. Manwhore|I remember you from the woods. Where's your sister?""She's busy. Sinning.
Joseph Conrad, Lord Jim|He did not care what the end would be, and in his lucid moments overvalued his indifference. The danger, when not seen, has the imperfect vagueness of human thought. The fear grows shadowy; and Imagination, the enemy of men, the father of all terrors, unstimulated, sinks to rest in the dullness of exhausted emotion.
Maria V. Snyder, Dawn Study|Our herd may roam, but we all know where is home.
O. Henry|Some three or four years before this Dr. Sloper had moved his household gods up town, as they say in New York. He had been living ever since his marriage in an edifice of red brick, with granite copings and an enormous fanlight over the door, standing in a street within five minutes' walk of the City Hall, which saw its best days (from the social point of view) about 1820. After this, the tide of fashion began to set steadily northward, as, indeed, in New York, thanks to the narrow channel in which it flows, it is obliged to do, and the great hum of traffic rolled farther to the right and left of Broadway.
Jay Bakker, Faith, Doubt, and Other Lines I've Crossed: Walking with the Unknown God|The righteousness of God in His election means, then, that as a righteous Judge God perceives and estimates as such the lost cause of the creature, and that in spite of its opposition He gives sentence in its favour, fashioning for it His own righteousness.
Gini Koch, Touched by an Alien|Aimless extension of knowledge, however, which is what I think you really mean by the term curiosity, is merely inefficiency. I am designed to avoid inefficiency.
Gloria Steinem|I think that people would like to, at all times, reject death and disease with technology.
Bill Maher|I also use women as a sex object; maybe I'm kinky. However, I like to talk to them as well.
Nick Hornby, Songbook|I love the relationship that anyone has with music ... because there's something in us that is beyond the reach of words, something that eludes and defies our best attempts to spit it out. ... It's the best part of us probably ...
Tim Perkins, Worlds End: The Riders On The Storm|This is for everyone who has ever looked at the stars, or gazed from atop a hill, or across the sea and wondered...
Hilary McKay, Saffy's Angel|She had to go," said Rose."It was because of her angel," said Indigo."And because of Granddad," added Caddy."And because of her nose stud.""And because her name isn't on the color chart.""She's lonely," said Rose. "That's why.
Amber Le Bon|The next thing I wrote was in a writing class at night school. It was about a poor woman who worked at a dime store and who was all alone for Christmas in Laurel, Mississippi.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Without civilized social graces, not only is life more difficult, but a positive first impression can be destroyed as fast as it is made.
Ajahn Chah|There's a limit to my patience with anything that smacks of metaphysics. I squirm at the mention of "mind expansion" or "warm healing energy." I don't like drum circles, public nudity or strangers touching my feet.
Katherine McIntyre, Stolen Petals|Sorry, one night stands don't stack up as credentials for tending bar.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Give joy, smiles, happiness, goodness and kindness to every person you meet.
Thornton Wilder, The Ides of March|There is not a single untruth, no -but after ten lines Truth shrieks, she runs distraught and disheveled through her temple's corridors; she does not know herself. 'I can endure lies,' she cries. 'I cannot survive this stifling verisimilitude
Holly Duckworth, Ctrl+Alt+Believe: Reboot Your Association For Success|Now it’s when you build your association with the members, they are already there.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|Help anyone who comes to you, as much as lies in your power, not because you are good person, nor because you want to be adored, but because you are a real human – a real human of the civilized society.
Idries Shah, Reflections|To bankrupt a fool, give him information.
Billy Collins|When I became poet laureate, I was in a slightly uncomfortable position because I think a lot of poetry isn't worth reading.
Bruce Lee, Tao of Jeet Kune Do|One reason we rush so quickly to the vulgar satisfactions of judgment, and love to revel in our righteous outrage, is that it spares us from the impotent pain of empathy, and the harder, messier work of understanding.
Jeanine Basinger, I Do and I Don't: A History of Marriage in the Movies|It's very difficult to kill somebody in a movie, unless it was an accident.
Samuel Beckett, Waiting for Godot|What did she do that made her happy? The question implied action, a conscious purpose. She did many things in a day, and many things made her happy, but that, Claire could tell, wasn’t the issue. Nor the only one, Claire realized. Because in order to consciously do something that made you happy, you’d have to know who you were. Trying to figure that out these days was like fishing on a lake on a moonless night—you had no idea what you would get.
Ron Brackin|The more we thank God, the less we ask of him.
Robert W. Service|When the world makes me feel like I am alone, love reminds me otherwise.
Hugh Jackman|That's what I love from metal, and that's what I love from hip-hop. That's what I love from any music that's hard, that's got an edge to it-The attitude in it.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|You'll do well, Percy. Just remember your strengths and beware your weaknesses.
Will Kostakis, The Sidekicks|This ends now. We’re breaking bread.” The waiter gets to us before Thommo’s had time to peruse.“Do you have bread?”“We have croissants.”Thommo blinks. “We’re breaking croissant.”“One croissant?” the waiter asks.“With three plates.”“They’re very small.” He mimes the croissant’s size.“Then bring small plates,” Thommo says.
Marisa de los Santos, Love Walked In|(24/7) once you sign on to be a mother, that's the only shift they offer.
Jen Hatmaker, For the Love: Fighting for Grace in a World of Impossible Standards|It is not our responsibility to fix every mess. If someone steps onto the scary ledge of truth, it is enough to acknowledge her courage and make this promise: I am here with you as your friend...
Joshua Bell|What makes architecture extraordinary is that you're looking at the building, but your peripheral vision is also seeing how it fits within a space. And it's seeing more than one part of the building at one time.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When the yoke is broken, the burden is removed.
Crystal Woods, Dreaming is for lovers|When he's hot, he's hot; when he's not, he's not. But at least there is always food
Frances E. W. Harper|Every mother should endeavor to be a true artist. I do not mean by this that every woman should be a painter, sculptor, musician, poet, or writer, but the artist who will write on the table of childish innocence thoughts she will not blush to see read in the light of eternity and printed amid the archives of heaven, that the young may learn to wear them as amulets around their hearts and throw them as bulwarks around their lives, and that in the hour of temptation and trial the voices from home may linger around their paths as angels of guidance, around their steps, and be incentives to deeds of high and holy worth.
Christina Engela, Space Vacation|My ship – the Demeter, was a star-liner operated by the Red Star Line. I say ‘was’ because of the events you will read about in this account. This is a long letter, I know, but I had quite a long time to write it. You probably already know this, having seen the commercials running on all the major channels for the last twenty years or so, but the Red Star Line is the largest cruise operator in the known universe. Unless something has changed between now and by the time you read this, this is probably still true. In fact, customers of the Red Star Line get more quality, value for money – and smiles by Demeter than they do anywhere else. Okay, okay. It’s an old joke – corny for sure, but what the hell.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|Well, if you’d let me explain before you went bolting outta the room, then you’d know, wouldn’t you? It seems to me that you’re quite dead. So I’ve come to collect you.” –Sam
Justin Wetch, Bending The Universe|I ran from them. Nights, yellow lights scoured sand. What was ever found but women in skirts folded around the men they loved that Friday? No one found me. And how could that have been, here, whereeven botanical names were recordedand small roads mapped in red?Night, the sky is black paper pecked with pinholes.
Clarence Darrow, The Essential Words and Writings of Clarence Darrow|When we fully understand the brevity of life, its fleeting joys and unavoidable pains; when we accept the facts that all men and women are approaching an inevitable doom: the consciousness of it should make us more kindly and considerate of each other. This feeling should make men and women use their best efforts to help their fellow travelers on the road, to make the path brighter and easier as we journey on. It should bring a closer kinship, a better understanding, and a deeper sympathy for the wayfarers who must live a common life and die a common death.
Julianna Baggott, Which Brings Me to You|The hospital room was as cold as dead skin, the hallway crowded with lost souls and reeking of illness.
Wesam Fawzi|Sometimes the people that push you to work hard, Won't be there in the time of harvest. Such is life. Everyone you meet has a role to play in your life.. Just play along & Believe in yourself.
Wendy Rose|Vampire Willow Rosenberg: "In my world, we have people in chains, and we can ride them like ponies.
Ashton Eaton|I always wanted to be a blonde, and it was really cool to do that for a while.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If the sky had no tears, the world would have no rainbows.
Jeaniene Frost, Happily Never After|For existential mathematics, which does not exist, would probably propose this equation: the value of coincidence equals the degree of its improbability.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|No matter how hard I try to forget you, you always come back to my thoughts When you hear me singing I am really crying for you.
Maureen Dowd|None of my characters are rich or famous, and the situations they find themselves in could happen to anyone.
Vishwas Chavan|The more you enhance your ability to meditate, the better you will be able to make better decisions and create better harmony either within yourself, at home or at work.
Thomas Lye|As prayer without faith is but a beating of the air, so trust without prayer [is] but a presumptuous bravado. He that promises to give, and bids us trust His promises, commands us to pray, and expects obedience to his commands. He will give, but not without our asking.
Joshua Donellan, Zeb and the Great Ruckus|I've had quite enough danger for a while I think. I might have some more when I'm thirteen, but definitely not before then...
Joseph Potts|Cycling, like masturbation, is fun and easy to do - sometimes all day long.
Jasinda Wilder, Alpha|He kissed me fiercely, with an utter abandon that I could no more put a halt to than I could stop an avalanche.
M.A. George, Relativity|But you know as well as I do that anger won’t solve anything.”“I beg to differ,” he shrugged. “Anger can be quite rewarding…at least for those of us who have the option of blasting our enemies to oblivion.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With faith, we can walk through the fair un-harmed.
August Clearwing, Never Have I Ever|It's easy to romanticize the people in our lives that mean something to us. We elevate them onto a higher plane that the rest of humanity. They appear glorious and pristine and full of wonders of the Universe all wrapped up into one person-sized box waiting to be unpacked. It's easy to forget, when they appear perfect in every way and in every facet of their lives with every action they take, in the end they are still human. And we duly forget being human comes with an inherent composition of flaws in our genetic and mental make-up.
Amelia B. Edwards|Most people would probably call me a ghost. I am, after all, dead. But I don't think of myself that way. It wasn't so long ago that I was alive, you see. I was only eighteen. I had my whole life in front of me. Now I suppose you could say I have all of eternity before me. I'm not sure exactly what that means yet. I'm told everything's going to be fine. But I have to wonder what I would have done with my life, who I might have been. That's what saddens me most about dying--that I'll never know.
Judith Graves|A normal life? Now that’s the real fairytale." From UNDER MY SKIN
Lailah Gifty Akita|To be set free, turn away from your sins. And return to God of great mercy.
Anthony Doerr, All the Light We Cannot See|A girl got kicked out of the swimming hole today. Inge Hachmann. They said they wouldn’t let us swim with a half-breed. Unsanitary. A half-breed, Werner. Aren’t we half-breeds too? Aren’t we half our mother, half our father?
Mary Gaitskill|I once met a traveler who told me he would live to see the end of time. He laid out all his vitamins before me and told me he slept seven hours every night, no more or less. All the life you want, he said. It's all within the palm of your hand now. He said he would outlast all the wars and all the diseases, long enough to remember everything, and long enough to forget everything. He'd be the last man still standing when the sun decides to collapse upon itself and history ends. He said he had found the safest place on earth, where he could stay until the gateway to the beyond opened before him. A thousand generations from today. I pictured him there, atop a remote and snowy mountain. The heavens opening and God congratulating him for his perseverance. Asking him to join Him and watch as the sun burns down to a dull orange cinder and everything around it breaks is orbit and goes tumbling tumbling away, everything that once seemed permanent pulled apart so effortlessly, like a ball of yarn. A life into divinity.But I knew it was a lie. I've always known it was a lie. You can not hide from the world. It will find you. It always does. And now it has found me. My split second of immortality is over. All that's left now is the end, which is all any of us ever has.
Suzanne  Johnson, Royal Street|I’d pulled my unruly blond hair out of its usual ponytail for the occasion, loaded on some makeup to play up my teal eyes, and poured myself into a little black skirt, short enough to show off my legs while not offending Lafitte’s nineteenth-century sensibilities. It must have worked, because the pirate was giving me that head-to-toe appraisal guys do on instinct, like they’re assessing a juicy slab of beef and deciding whether they want it rare, medium, or well-done. “You really are lovely, Drusilla.” The timbre of Lafitte’s voice shivered down my spine, and I fought the urge to check out the biceps underneath that linen shirt. Holy crap. This was just wrong. I should not be absorbing his lust.
Susanna Kearsley|Recently, I was in Bernalda, my dad's ancestral home town in Italy. He has just refurbished a palazzo and turned it into a hotel, so we had my sister's wedding there. It was beautiful.
C. JoyBell C.|People have many cruel expectations from writers. People expect novelists to live on a hill with three kids and a spouse, people expect children's story writers to never have sex, and people expect all great poets to be dead. And these are all very difficult expectations to fulfill, I think.
Christine Feehan, Dark Peril|A “good friend” was well…. Like your teeth.You had a limited number of them to last you an entire lifetime.You could survive without them, but having them made life much more enjoyable.If you didn’t take good care of them, you could lose them forever.
Anonymous|When you allow your past to define your present, you’re setting yourself up for future disaster.
John Lubbock, The Use Of Life|Our ambition should be to rule ourselves, the true kingdom for each one of us; and true progress is to know more, and be more, and to do more.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To invest your life, you must invest your time and make sure it doesn’t just melt away like Salvador Dali’s melting clock.
Chris Lester, A Lightbringer Carol|Tizzy squawked, and he bounced like a ball on the floor. “I completely forgot; Santa said something more.He said that a book gives your very thoughts wings,That carry you off to see wonderful things,That lift you aloft, throughout time, throughout spaceTo every era and every place!
Trey Parker|When you invest your time, you make a goal and a decision of something that you want to accomplish. Whether it's make good grades in school, be a good athlete, be a good person, go down and do some community service and help somebody who's in need, whatever it is you choose to do, you're investing your time in that.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|To think at all requires a purpose, no matter how vague. The best thinking, however, requires a definite purpose, and the more definite this purpose the more definite will be our thinking. Therefore in taking up any special line of thought, we must first find just what our end or purpose is, and thus get clearly in mind what our problems are.
Åsa Larsson, Sun Storm|HOW CONCISE THAT YOU CAN CRY FROMAWFUL WOUNDS, DESERTION, HAPPINESS,MEMORIES, HUMILIATION,DISAPPOINTMENT OR GRANDEUR.
Gabriel Chevallier, Fear: A Novel of World War I|Victorious troops are those who kill more, and here we were the victims. This put the finishing touch to our demoralisation. The soldiers had lost conviction long ago. Now they lost confidence.
Kate Messner, The Brilliant Fall of Gianna Z.|So now what?” I ask.She is quiet for a long time, long enough that I assume she’s gone to sleep.“I think this is just part of it,” she says. “Civilisations fall. People keep going.
Steve Harvey, Act Like a Lady, Think Like a Man: What Men Really Think About Love, Relationships, Intimacy, and Commitment|A man fishes for two reasons: he’s either sport fishing or fishing to eat, which means he’s either going to try to catch the biggest fish he can, take a picture of it, admire it with his buddies and toss it back to sea, or he’s going to take that fish on home, scale it, fillet it, toss it in some cornmeal, fry it up, and put it on his plate. This, I think, is a great analogy for how men seek out women.
Rachel Caine, Gale Force|His eyes ignited into a color found only in the heart of the sun. ‘‘Yes?’’‘‘Yes, already. I’ll marry you. Yes. Hell, yes. What am I, stupid?
Válgame, Zori 2ª Parte|If you force me to pay a debt that is not mine, let me thank you in the afterlife
M. Basilea Schlink|Only those who are alive can bring life to others. The spiritually dead are unable to generate life, because there is no life in them. They cannot be a testimony to others by their deeds. They are simply dead. Whoever does not live in repentance belongs to the spiritually dead, who cannot bring anyone to life. But the penitent are full of life, divine life; and they can bring others to life. Whenever someone repents, he scarcely needs to say a word. He doesn't need to preach at others. Rather, when he lies prostrate before God and man and confesses with a broken and contrite heart, "I have sinned; I am guilty," his words have the power of life. They can open the hardest hearts and bring to life the spiritually dead.
Jane Siberry|You can learn as much about the history from reading about the present as you can vice versa, that is learning about the present through history, which is what I do for a living.
Kim Harrison, The Hollows Insider|It is not always what we do, Sa'han, but who we love that makes us who we are. Quen
Eleni Papanou, Unison|(Speaking about ponies engaging in a game of running around and chasing a ball with "imaginary riders")Along with everything else about it, it seemed to be a parable for life. Going forwards and backwards and round in circles, striving ever forward only to have to run like crazy backwards to get the ball again, realizing that your enemy is after the same goal and you're actually helping him toward it and getting roughed up and possibly killed while you're at it but still feeling the comradeship of being in the game all together.
Lady Gaga|In my view, fitness training isn't that important in England, as they all train with such intensity anyway and have a competitive edge when just sprinting. The matches are all hard-fought, too.
Charles R. Cross, Heavier Than Heaven: A Biography of Kurt Cobain|In Newcastle, Kurt announced from the stage, “I am a homosexual, I am a drug user, and I fuck pot-bellied pigs,” another classic Cobainism, though only one of his three claims was true.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|If we are calm," replied the policeman, "it is the calm of organized resistance.""Eh?" said Syme, staring."The soldier must be calm in the thick of the battle," pursued the policeman. "The composure of an army is the anger of a nation.
Nouman Ali Khan|As far as I'm concerned, the gator that ate T.C. deserves a medal from Crime Stoppers.
Patricia Briggs|I hated being imprisoned in my own home, my wolf hated it.
Elfriede Jelinek, Greed|Besides, who is to say that the feelings he writes in his diary are his true feelings? Who is to say that at each moment while the pen moves he is truly himself? At one moment he might truly be himself, at another he might simply be making things up. How can one know for sure? Why should he even want to know for sure?
John Lynch|The government should not be guided by Temporary Excitement, but by Sober Second Thought.
Joe Abercrombie, The Heroes|I'm a fucking coward.""Maybe." Craw jerked his thumb over his shoulder at Whirrun's corpse. "There's a hero. Tell me who's better off.
Eric Metaxas, Bonhoeffer: Pastor, Martyr, Prophet, Spy|The Bible is teh means through which we are introduced to Jesus and invited to follow Him in the life of humility and service. Secured by the knowledge that in Christ, our origin... and destination is God, we will yield the fruit of service to God. This is the "so what" of our Bible reading. Does it shape our spirits in love and humility? Does it lead us more fully into life with God? (Life with God, p. 34-35)
Douglas Brinkley, Cronkite|When he (Walter Cronkite) drank, he had an appetite for both history and political bullshit.
Angela B. Wade, Breaking Sea|I’m by myself,” she said finally. “No family to speak of.”“I see.” Leaning forward again, he rested his arms against the table. “That must be rather difficult.”“Sometimes.”“And lonely, I imagine. Perhaps that is why you came here tonight?”Her jaw popped under the strain of maintaining decorum. “First: I said I was alone, not lonely. There's a big difference. And second: is that really why you think I'm here?”“I do not know what to think. I know you must have reasons for being here other than what you have already hinted at. Reasons important enough to make an otherwise intelligent woman not only bring food to a stranger so late at night, but also accept his invitation to sit inside an empty motel room without a second thought.”“Why don't you just call me a hooker while you're at it?
Susannah Sandlin, Wild Man's Curse|Morning, ma'am. I'm looking for Tommy Mason. Is he around?" Polite and professional, that was Senior Agent Broussard."Lord, what's that no-good sonofabitch done now? Wait, you ain't a cop; you're a game warden. "What'd he do, run over a fish?
Joel S. Goldsmith|The safest course for an Infinite Way student to follow is to admit freely that he does not know how to pray, how to go out or come in, or what to pray for, and then open himself in receptivity to that still small Voice which is within, closer than breathing, and let It pray through him, let It utter Its voice, let It have Its way. If you are praying for someone else, let It inform you, let It inform your patient or your student.Do not try to be Omniscience yourself in your praying, because you can be Omniscience only when you are completely absent from the personal sense of self, when you are absent from any knowledge, when you have attained that place of unknowing in which you definitely know that you do not know, and do not even want to know, but are willing and open to receive spiritual wisdom, spiritual guidance, spiritual strength.When you are praying or meditating for someone else, do not try to transfer thoughts to him, do not try to know what is right for him or best for him, but sit in a state of complete receptivity, and then let the Father function as your consciousness. You may not receive any message for your patient or student, but you do not need any. He will receive it, and he will receive it not from you, but from the Source of you. Your consciousness acts only as the instrument of contact, and you yourself may never know what the message is, or even whether any message has been received
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|run run run Hermione. You have in your hands a message and a token...run and run and run and run Hermione. You know running and running and running that the messenger will take (lampadephoros) your message in its fervour and you will sink down exhausted...run,run, Hermione. For the message-bearer next in line has turned against you...dead, dead or forgotten. Hecate at crossroads, a destruction...
Tim Wise|You are capable of more than you know. Choose a goal that seems right for you and strive to be the best, however hard the path. Aim high. Behave honorably. Prepare to be alone at times, and to endure failure. Persist! The world needs all you can give.
Sydney Smith|If I were to begin life again, I would devote it to music. It is the only cheap and unpunished rapture upon earth. 
Christopher Reeve|All too often, government's response to social breakdown has been a classic case of 'patching' - a case of handing money out, containing problems and limiting the damage but, in doing so, supporting - even reinforcing - dysfunctional behaviour.
Ann Miller|He dances all night, utterly naked and composed of nothing but six and a half feet of pale sinew. He could dance to a field of crickets, to the sound of rain on a tin roof, to a stampede.
Sophocles, Antigone|You know, the world is all about balance. You lose something here... maybe somebody else picks it up over there.
Jeremy Scott|There is so much to be gained from adulthood! Feelings just become so much deeper. The feeling of sadness and loss is much deeper than when you were a kid, but the feelings of love and happiness have also so much more dimension when you get older... That is what's so hard and exciting about being a human being.
Kim Stanley Robinson, New York 2140|No, there's a group of hardened, fossilised men opposed by fresh young revolutionaries as John Butte once was, forming between them a whole, a balance. And then a group of fossilised hardened men like John Butte, opposed by a group of fresh and lively-minded and critical people. But the core of deadness, of dry thought, could not exist without lively shoots of fresh life, to be turned so fast, in their turn, into dead sapless wood. In other words, I, 'Comrade Anna'- and the ironical tone of Comrade Butte's voice now frightens me when I remember it-keep Comrade Butte in existence, feed him, and in due course will become him. And as I think this, that there is no right, no wrong, simply a process, a wheel turning, I become frightened, because everything in me cries out against such a view of life, and I am back inside a nightmare which it seems I've been locked in for years, whenever I'm off guard. The nightmare takes various forms, comes in sleep, or in wakefulness, and can be pictured most simply like this: There is a blindfolded man standing with his back to a brick wall. He has been tortured nearly to death. Opposite him are six men with their rifles raised ready to shoot, commanded by a seventh, who has his hand raised. When he drops his hand, the shots will ring out, and the prisoner will fall dead. But suddenly there is something unexpected-yet not altogether unexpected, for the seventh has been listening all this while in case it happens. There is an outburst of shouting and fighting in the street outside. The six men look in query at their officer, the seventh. The officer stands waiting to see how the fighting outside will resolve itself. There is a shout: 'We have won!' At which the officer crosses the space to the wall, unties the bound man, and stands in his place. The man, hitherto bound, now binds the other. There is a moment, and this is the moment of horror in the nightmare, when they smile at each other: it is a brief, bitter, accepting smile. They are brothers in that smile. The smile holds a terrible truth that I want to evade. Because it cancels all creative emotion. The officer, the seventh, now stands blindfolded and waiting with his back to the wall. The former prisoner walks to the firing squad who are still standing with their weapons ready. He lifts his hand, then drops it. The shots ring out, and the body by the wall falls twitching. The six soldiers are shaken and sick; now they will go and drink to drown the memory of their murder. But the man who was bound, is now free, smiles as they stumble away, cursing and hating him, just as they would have cursed and hated the other, now dead. And in this man's smile at the six innocent soldiers there is a terrible understanding irony. This is the nightmare.
Chuck Palahniuk|You think maybe if you just work harder and faster, you can hold off the chaos, but then one day you’re changing a patio light bulb with a five-year life span and you realize how you’ll only be changing this light maybe ten more times before you’ll be dead.
Nyogen Senzaki|Like this cup, you are full of your own opinions and speculations. How can I show you wisdom unless you first empty your cup?
Alfred Rosenberg, The Myth of the Twentieth Century|A determined will, grounded on a clear order of rank of values, coupled with organic strength of outlook, will also one day - despite all hindrances - enforce its realisation in all domains.
Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea|I had forgotten how much light there is in the world, till you gave it back to me.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|It’s really kind of… well, beautiful, in a way. Even the monsters, once you get to know ‘em. We’re all beautiful.
Douglas Adams, Mostly Harmless|Imagine that every man’s mind is an island, surrounded by ocean. Each seems isolated, yet in reality all are linked by the bedrock from which they spring. If the ocean were to vanish, that would be the end of the islands. They would all be part of one continent, but the individuality would have gone
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|I realize, for the first time, how very lonely I've been in the arena. How comforting the presence of another human being can be.
Carl Henegan, Darkness Left Undone|The true magic of novels dwells within us individually. Each reader will interpret every single character, scene, and metaphor in a slightly different way
Thomas Moore|I strive for perfection, but I'm not perfect. But what I can say is my morals are totally different than any other 24-year-old rapper my age now. I look at life totally different. A whole other aspect. I have different views and morals on life in general. And opinions.
Philip Roth|I turn sentences around. That’s my life. I write a sentence and then I turn it around. Then I look at it and I turn it around again. Then I have lunch. Then I come back in and write another sentence. Then I have tea and turn the new sentence around. Then I read the two sentences over and turn them both around. Then I lie down on my sofa and think. Then I get up and throw them out and start from the beginning. And if I knock off from this routine for as long as a day, I’m frantic with boredom and a sense of waste. Sundays I have breakfast late and read the papers with Hope. Then we go for a walk in the hills, and I'm haunted by the loss of all that good time. I wake up Sunday mornings and I'm nearly crazy at the prospect of all those unusable hours. I'm restless, I'm bad-tempered, but she's a human being too, you see, so I go. To avoid trouble she makes me leave my watch at home. The result is that I look at my wrist instead. We're walking, she's talking, then I look at my wrist - and that generally does it, if my foul mood hasn't already. She throws in the sponge and we come home. And at home what is there to distinguish Sunday from Thursday? I sit back down at my little Olivetti and start looking at sentences and turning them around. And I ask myself, Why is there no way but this for me to fill my hours?
Pablo|Don't worry much about the after-life, Just like you don't worry about your before-Life. Worry (and be grateful) about THIS life. This one DOES count
B.A. Perry|I had wanted you and then I got you, and it’s hard to say who really chased who. Want like ours was two cats and no mice. Want like ours manifested paradise. You ran for me and I ran away… until I ran toward you and you did the same. And it happened so fast. We collided so fast. You became mine so fast.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|As I have said before, I had no illusions about my performing ability. But I did not know that my despair was brought about not because I had no talent but because I did not know how to develop it.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|The true division of humanity is this: the luminous and the dark.To diminish the number of the dark, to increase the number of the luminous, there is the aim.That is why we cry: education, knowledge! to learn to read is to kindle a fire; every syllable spelled sparkles.But whoever say light does not necessarily say joy.There is suffering in light; an excess burns. Flames is hostile to the wing. To burn and yet to fly, this is the miracle of genius
Denis Parsons Burkitt|Medicine, as we are practising it, is a luxury trade. We are selling bread at the price of jewels... Let us take the profit, the private economic profit, out of medicine, and purify our profession of rapacious individualism... Let us say to the people not 'How much have you got?' but 'How best can we serve you?
Jennifer Paynter, Mary Bennet|I just want to make sure Mama. Sometimes I don’t even know what I want. A lot of times I’m just tired.” Mama reached up and smoothed Liza’s curls away from her face. “Well darlin’, that’s the sign of a life being lived. I think we’re all tired when we’re giving it our best.
Sugar Ray Leonard|Sometimes you will do a close-up for a scene in the morning where you are totally distraught, then shoot the rest of that scene seven hours later. How do you hang on to that feeling all day without burning up, without going so far that you have nothing left to give when the cameras roll again?
Mora Early, Twisted Arrangement|If you are a writer and you write/understand sarcasm please be thankful to the government and the masses.Without their hard work and supreme idiotism it wouldn't have been possible.You owe them the brutal sarcasm, they've earned it!
Tammara Webber, Easy|He could do only one thing at a time. If he held her, he couldn't kiss her. If he kissed her, he couldn't see her. If he saw her, he couldn't feel her.
Nicole R. Locker, First Impressions|At the time of solitude, I went where Narmada was sleeping. She got awake and sat up. She neither got scared nor nervous but she immediately got off the bed. She kept both her hands tied on her chest. I was standing so close to her that my face was near her face. We could sense each other’s breath.I called out her name and could not speak anything else. After a moment, I started - “I love you Narmada…I like to be with you…I want to marry you.”She got nervous and said - “Please, go to your room, why have you come here? It may cause trouble if Jaanki sees us like this.” She was neck down. Her eyes were on the floor. Her heart was beating fast.“Don’t you want to talk to me? Why are you angry with me? Why don’t you trust on my feelings for you?” - I softly asked her.“I guess you don’t like my friendship with Varsha. You and Varsha are poles apart.” - I added.She said - “You please go. It would not be nice if someone sees us like this. I do not want anything from you.” I said - “But I am dying for you and I know you too are made for me.” Her eyes suddenly fell on maid behind the curtains of the door who was trying to listen to our conversation. Narmada said - “You please leave right now, we’ll talk later. Mom is not at home.”I went by on her prescriptive tone.She was fighting for her self-being and the reason was only Varsha. She felt suffocated with my friendship with Varsha.I was glad to hear her words - “WE’LL TALK LATER”. This meant, she gave her consent to my love. She understood my restlessness.-- Excerpts from Romantic Novel "Narmada
Eric J. Martindale|Devoid of any real liberty or justice, America and her children had fallen prey to what amounted to little more than a thinly veiled dictatorship. She now represented not the proud citadel of freedom, but the failed experiment of democracy.
Nadine Gordimer|The truth isn't always beauty, but the hunger for it is.
Daniel Quinn|What is so incredible and essential about an authentic cultural scene is it rejects a value system based on consumption and productivity and instead celebrates creation, critical thought, aesthetics and expression. That can’t be mass marketed.
James E. Faust|My first encounters with faith came about the time I was a Boy Scout, at about 14 or 15. I made the logical deduction that they operate the same way; I treated my faith like earning a merit badge, and everything about Christianity was about earning merit badges.
Susan Higginbotham, The Stolen Crown: The Secret Marriage that Forever Changed the Fate of England|Though I normally approve of plain speaking, as you know, I would suggest that as part of your good behavior, you refer to the king as 'his grace' or even simply 'the king' instead of 'that creature,' by the way.
Christina Westover, Poisoning Sylvie|Besides,love is only a feeling.
David Sedaris, When You Are Engulfed in Flames|Also, I’m not going to bedevastated or anything either way. I’m not that kind of person. I just think if you don’t say thehonest thing, sometimes the honest thing never becomes true, you know, and I—” she says,but then I hold up my finger, because I need to hear the thing she just said, and she talks toofast for me to keep up. I keep holding up my hand, thinking if you don’t say the honest thing, itnever becomes true.
Ilchi Lee|The Buddhists or the Jains do not depend upon God; but the whole force of their religion is directed to the great central truth in every religion, to evolve a God out of man. They have not seen the Father, but they have seen the Son. And he that hath seen the Son hath seen the Father also.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Reading the Bible will help you get to know the word, but it’s when you put it down and live your life that you get to know the author.
Philippa Gregory, The Other Boleyn Girl|Fairy tales only happen in movies." -George Meliesfrom The Invention of Hugo Cabret
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Son of a motherfucking, ass-reaming, shit-eating, hell-dodging soulless bitch!
Alan Wilson|The freedom of thought is a sacred right of every individual man, and diversity will continue to increase with the progress, refinement, and differentiation of the human intellect.
Rachel  Harris, Accidentally Married on Purpose|We can't predict what's going to happen, but having love is worth the risk.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|To make wealth wisdom, one needs to be wise. Wisdom may be able to wear the suit of wealth but wealth may not be able to wear the suit of wisdom
Leo Tolstoy|You need one person who knows you... Just one person you can't fool, even when you fool yourself.
David O. McKay|Surely you can entrust your task to your friends." "No," said Taran, after a long pause, "I have taken it on myself through my own choice.""If that is so," answered Medwyn, "then you can give it up through your own choice.
Pierce Brown, Golden Son|...power doesn’t shift. Power is resolute. It is the mountain, not the wind. To shift so easily is to lose trust.
Charlaine Harris, From Dead to Worse|I put the books I was returning on the appropriate desk, and I began looking at the shelves of new arrivals. Most of them were some permutation on self-help. Going by how popular these books were and how often they were checked out, everyone in Bon Temps should have become perfect by now.
Jack Kerouac|Whether you've seen angels floating around your bedroom or just found a ray of hope at a lonely moment, choosing to believe that something unseen is caring for you can be a life-shifting exercise.
Ian Lamont, Google Drive And Docs In 30 Minutes: The Unofficial Guide To Google's Free Online Office And Storage Suite|To those who value words of affirmation, criticism feels like a knife in the heart.
Carrie Chapman Catt|We need enlightenment, not just individually but collectively, to save the planet. We need to awaken ourselves. We need to practice mindfulness if we want to have a future, if we want to save ourselves and the planet.
Davan Yahya Khalil|Believing in your standards for a square deal, even when there's no way to get it, is what allows you to create boundaries and take independent action.
Dora Okeyo, Fire|You are the earth, my dear grandson, and just like it takes everything without complaining, so have you shown us today that you will take everything in kind, and there's no greater title than this.
Laura Ingalls Wilder, The Long Winter|An American Family Sampler is a book any reader will find insightful, thoroughly researched, and fun to read. Robert Frump, author, award winning journalist, business leader
Friedrich A. Hayek, The Road to Serfdom|Economics. "Something humans invented and then lost control of, it isn't real, it's not like gravity and we could evolve the economic process to make sense, but can't because we would all lose money if we did. Hysterical scientific exerts aside, it doesn't exist outside of our collective heads. So at best its a pseudo science of religious proportions, at worst, it will turn us into a globally warmed suicide cult en mass. ;-)
Father John Nicholas Grou, S.J.|Is it not eminently just that I should give myself entirely and without reserve to Him Who drew me out of nothing, and Who at every moment of my life maintains the existence He has given me; Whom I have received all and from Whom I expect all, and without Whom I can never be happy?
M. Ward|I love giving gifts and I love receiving them. I really like giving little kids extravagant gifts. You see their little faces light up and they get excited. If it's a really good gift, I love receiving it, like jewels, small islands.
Erin Forbes, Fire & Ice: The Elementals|Nightmares have a dreadful effect of captivating our minds during the waking hours. Nevertheless, they are merely fiction.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer writers|My emotions still held a stubborn hope that humans could be loyal, that they could hold out against the promise of an easy life. But I knew better.
Aya Kito, 1 Litre of Tears|Why did this disease choose me? I cannot carry it, if its just for the word: Fate.
Joe McNally, The Moment It Clicks: Photography Secrets from One of the World's Top Shooters|I slid down in the seat and began to weep. I wept for her, for me, but mostly because the siren call of my first big story with a yellow border around it was more powerful than the call of fatherhood.
C. JoyBell C.|If we were all looking for something 'easy come and easy go', then all of our lives would be easy. The problem is that we look for something real, don't we? And it is this longing for what is real, that makes finding the right person to be the most difficult task in the world. You can marry someone and promise the rest of your life to the person, only to find out later that this person makes you feel lonely. If we had no innate longing for true love and for true partnership, then none of us would have any problems! Therefore, the most frightening question to ponder upon, is, 'what if true love does not exist; what if the real stuff isn't real at all?' In such a case, life would be meaningless. I suppose I would rather believe in love relentlessly, than live in this world meaninglessly.
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|Living independent might come as appalling as the word to anyone but me. The one who thinks it's a cool idea and worth it, has sure forgotten that independence comes with a price. If one doesn't still agree, you gotta try staying at a hostel.
Ian M. Banks|I have great affection for you, Roy" I answered, "but I don't think you are the sort of person I'd care to have breakfast with.
C.S. Friedman, The Madness Season|Irony is the word I forget the meaning of immediately after I look it up, but I kind of feel like I live in a constant state of it.
Sheri S. Tepper, The Visitor|I will raise up prophets to make conflicting pronouncements that inevitably will be garbled in transcription, resulting in mutually exclusive definitions of orthodoxy from which the open-minded will flee in dismay.
Susanna Kearsley, The Splendour Falls|Systems of retributive justice work well as long as they are proportional. However, in complex societies, where the State is the arbiter of justice, proportionality may break down: offences created by the elite few become offences against the entire community.
Kendi Thompson, Year of the Cat: The Thirteenth Realm|Natural polytheism embraces the science of ecology as a basic metaphor for theological inquiry. In other words, natural polytheism seeks to understand our relationship with the gods as an aspect of interrelated systems of being, consciousness and meaning. Its focus is, first and foremost, on the wildernesses that defy our carefully mapped boundary lines, that penetrate even the most civilized cultural centers and underlie our most cherished notions of what it means to be human." - Alison Leigh Lilly, "Natural Theology: Polytheism Beyond the Pale
Ronnie Corbett|In summation, like your beloved pet rock, Twitter is useful only in your imagination.
Thomas Sowell|It is only when there is the supervision and critical oversight from the people that the government will be in a position to do an even better job, and employees of government departments will be the true public servants of the people.
Tom Petty|A wedding anniversary is the celebration of love, trust, partnership, tolerance and tenacity. The order varies for any given year.
Franklin Cleckley|The police, finding a corpse with twenty-eight stab wounds in a bathtub, suspected foul play.
Molly Ringle, The Ghost Downstairs|The first morning I really sat and watched him it was a Tuesday. I know that because Tuesday is trash day for our neighborhood. Unlike me, he leaves gathering up his trash for the morning of pickup instead of doing it the night before. My alarm went off at 6 AM and I went in to start the coffee maker, and as I went about selecting a bit of fruit from the bowl on my kitchen table I looked out the window. It was just a casual glance, and the human eye is attracted to movement.
Jason Daniel Chaplin|That's something we all want to know, isn't it? Is there a "purpose" to our form and substance? Or are we simply the random result of billions of years of chemical reactions and accidents influenced by pressures from the environment?..."-Jules, BOOM
Nikki Rowe|The thing is, there is no certainty in this life - in one second your entire world could shift. I'm not saying it will, but I am living proof that It can. We never prepare for tragedy and that's a good thing but my god what's it's taught me is how little we appreciate what we have or some cases once had.
Ben Fountain, Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk|I didn't know his age or how he liked his tea, I was wearing a terrible coat and I was drunk as a stoat - but this moment felt like it. The one I'd been waiting patiently for since I was a little girl. I'd worked so hard, for so long, at being ok with being single, but all of the things I'd told myself about independence were disappearing rapidly into the cold night. Right now, he felt like the only person who mattered in the whole world.
Glenda Millard, A Small Free Kiss in the Dark|You don't tell anyone things like that about your friends, even when you're mad at them.
Peter Santos, Everything I Wanted To Know About Spirituality But Didn't Know How To Ask: A Spiritual Seekers Guidebook|The core of my being is the trigger for the choices I make. With each choice, my personality is enhanced or degraded.
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|Emotions have their own movement. They move like waves: huge tsunami waves, choppy rapids, or long slow tides. The best way I know to work with emotion, especially strong and difficult emotion is to let it move like a wave, allow it to complete its movement and, eventually, to leave. If the movement gets held back, if it gets trapped and stagnates, or an inner turbulence stirs, the unexpressed emotion and grief can turn into physical illness, fatigue, depression, anxiety, or other displaced emotion.
Ali Smith|Then I wondered why on earth would anyone ever stand in the world as if standing in the cornucopic middle of the Hanging Gardens of Babylon but inside a tiny white-painted rectangle about the size of a single space in a car park, refusing to come out of it, and all around her or him the whole world, beautiful, various, waiting?
Bill Cosby|Through humor, you can soften some of the worst blows that life delivers. And once you find laughter, no matter how painful your situation might be, you can survive it.
Laura Andersen, The Virgin's Daughter|I want to be undone by you. I want to be the one to come to pieces in your arms, to forget there is anything in this world but the two of us.
Karmak Bagisbayev, The Last Faith: A book by an atheist believer|The most popular form of atheism is a philosophy called naturalism. Naturalism is the view that science and science alone determines what exists. What exists is what our best scientific theories of the world require. If something is not required by our best scientific theories of the world, then it does not exist. But this is devastating for ethics because moral values are not required by science. Science is morally neutral. You cannot find moral values in a test tube. So it follows immediately, from the perspective of naturalism, that moral values do not really exist. They are just subjective illusions of human beings.
Heather K. O'Hara, The Path of Songs: A Gift for the Soul|A message from Love: Write my name in silent script upon your heart; and then… go anywhere, and be what you have written.
Glenn Beck, Glenn Beck's Common Sense: The Case Against an Out-of-Control Government, Inspired by Thomas Paine|Do not forget that the armed forces are the servants of the people. You do not make national policy; it is we, the civilians, who decide these issues and it is your duty to carry out these tasks with which you are entrusted.
Daniel Waters|That puke was the most wonderful thing I'd ever seen. It was green and a little red. Technicolor, really, the color puke is supposed to be. It definitely wasn't black, and it didn't smell like toasty poop. This was a good sign.
Wynne Channing, What Kills Me|Sorry, dear. This isn´t fairy tale. There´s no happily ever after. Just... ever after.
Adi Alsaid, Let's Get Lost|Funny, how it took a little bit of pain to remember that certain parts of yourself were alive.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|But no matter what happens to the surviving humans, there will always be the walking dead.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|If you lend the present, it will never be returned.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, Divided & Conquered|When we begin to see the equality of our biology then our ideology is exposed,
Pearl Zhu, Digitizing Boardroom: The Multifaceted Aspects of Digital Ready Boards|If all we’re prepared for is unconventional warfare, suddenly a massed conventional attack becomes an asymmetric advantage.
Anatole France|To accomplish great things, we must not only act but also dream, not only plan, but also believe!
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|Thousands of channels there are through which the beauty of your soul may sail even unto our thoughts. Above all is there the wonderful, central channel of love.
George W. Bush|When I was in high school, I used to have breakfast with my grandpa every morning. He instilled a lot of values in me: hard work, loyalty. He grew up during the Great Depression in Philly in poverty - he didn't have enough to eat as a kid. Sometimes his family would get kicked out of their apartment because they couldn't pay the rent.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., A Man Without a Country|Nothing could go wrong because nothing had...I meant "nothing would." No - Then I quit trying to phrase it, realizing that if time travel ever became widespread, English grammar was going to have to add a whole new set of tenses to describe reflexive situations - conjugations that would make the French literary tenses and the Latin historical tenses look simple.
Oksana Rus|Echo of the waves appears in the sky, their lights reflected in your eyes. I'm back in our world and happy again. The sound of your voice, compassionate embrace... The power in your touch, serenity of stride... The beating of your heart calms down my presence, gracing with eternal peace of mind... Bathing in the sunshine of your arms I'm deeply aware of the melodic stream that has no language...gliding beneath the quiet Heaven of your eyes...
J. C. Amberchele|True, the initial ideas are in general those of an individual, but the establishment of the reality and truth is in general the work of more than one person.
Debasish Mridha|The moon is very charming, alluring, attracting and magical, not because of its beauty, but because of its illusion and reflection of change.
Charles Duhigg, The Power of Habit: Why We Do What We Do in Life and Business|The "us versus them" mindset coupled with our social nature implies that we have an innate need to belong to clearly defined in-groups.
Mark Wahlberg|Movies are written in sand: applauded today, forgotten tomorrow.
Steve Maraboli|It isn’t always the treasure that drives men down deep into the sea; it’s something else, something unexplainable, even to them.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|It is in the balancing of your spirituality with your humanity that you will find immeasurable happiness, success, good health, and love.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge|that willing suspension of disbelief for the moment, which constitutes poetic faith
Mahbod Seraji, Rooftops of Tehran|The woman with the cat complex is named Mrs. Alice Plesher, but she doesn't reveal her first name to him and Sai only finds out by accident, later. Mrs. Plesher calls the paper and is put through to Sai. He has no idea why although he could guess the new guy gets all of the reporter-on-the-beat drudgery assignments until proven worthy. Alice speaks haltingly as if hardened by age and her voice reveals a rasp. Sai pictures her in a long house dress from the fifties, wide pink and white stripes fading with age---a smock of beige over the dress, a multitude of cats clinging to the fabric like stick-ons.
Debasish Mridha|With courage, always go where you fear to go.
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe|At a certain point, if you still have your marbles and are not faced with serious financial challenges, you have a chance to put your house in order. It's a cliche, but it's underestimated as an analgesic on all levels. Putting your house in order, if you can do it, is one of the most comforting activities, and the benefits of it are incalculable.
Olawale Daniel|It cost nothing to think bigger than you are, BUT cost a fortune to think less of yourself.
Debasish Mridha|To enhance your experience and consciousness, your mind is always trying to understand everything that is going on around you.
Polly Horvath, Everything on a Waffle|You can be sunk low or as a skunk and still have a joy in your heart. Joy lives like one of those spinning things---a gyroscope in your heart. It doesn't seem to have any connection to circumstance, good or bad.
Thomas Browne, Religio Medici; And Other Writings|It is the common wonder of all men, how, among so many million faces, there should be none alike.
John C. Wright|Penny was a very pretty, witty and brave girl, as bold as a Marine platoon storming Iwo Jima.
Eddie Van Halen|To most men experience is like the stern lights of a ship, which illuminate only the track it has passed.
William Feather|Thought is the original source of all wealth, all success, all material gain, all great discoveries and inventions, and of all achievement.
Robert H. Lieberman, The Last Boy|When humanity's deafness to simple common sense is allowed to reign, the implications for the world can only be catastrophic.
Boman Irani|There happened to be guitar classes at the college, and there was a guitar teacher there with whom I used to play. In addition, I also would go out into country schools and teach little kids basic guitar and singing a few times a week.
Soraya Diase Coffelt|For me, reading begins at home.
Benjamin Lotter|If there is one thing above all others a successful man should know, it is when to stop.
Robert G. Ingersoll|The real bible is not the work of inspired men, nor prophets, nor apostles, nor evangelists, nor of Christs. Every man who finds a fact, adds, as it were, a word to this great book. It is not attested by prophecy, by miracles or signs. It makes no appeal to faith, to ignorance, to credulity or fear. It has no punishment for unbelief, and no reward for hypocrisy. It appeals to man in the name of demonstration. It has nothing to conceal. It has no fear of being read, of being contradicted, of being investigated and understood. It does not pretend to be holy, or sacred; it simply claims to be true. It challenges the scrutiny of all, and implores every reader to verify every line for himself. It is incapable of being blasphemed. This book appeals to all the surroundings of man. Each thing that exists testifies of its perfection. The earth, with its forests and plains, its rocks and seas; with its every wave and cloud; with its every leaf and bud and flower, confirms its every word, and the solemn stars, shining in the infinite abysses, are the eternal witnesses of its truth.
R.A. Salvatore|Implicit [in the psychiatric literature] is a set of normative assumptions regarding the father's prerogatives and the mother's obligations within the family, The father, like the children, is presumed to be entitled to the mother's love, nurturance, and care. In fact, his dependent needs actually supersede those of the children, for if a mother falls to provide the accustomed intentions, it is taken for granted that some other female must be found to take her place. The oldest daughter is a frequent choice... The father's wish, indeed his right, to continue to receive female nurturance, whatever the circumstances, is accepted without question.
Michael  Grant, Fear|Sam, no!” Edilio snapped.Sam missed a step, then stopped. He looked at Edilio, puzzled.“We’re scattered. And we can’t risk you. You die and the light dies with you.”“Are you out of your mind? You think I’m going to let Drake come in here and take Diana?”“Not you, Sam. Dekka, yes. Orc, yes. He’s out there, too. And send Jack as well. Anyone but you.”Sam looked like he’d been punched. Like someone had knocked the wind out of him. He blinked and started to say something and stopped.“You aren’t replaceable, Sam. Figure it out, okay? It’s going dark and you make light. So this isn’t going to be your battle. Not now. It’s on the rest of us to step up.
Fareed Zakaria, The Post-American World|We have not noticed how fast the rest has risen. Most of the industrialized world--and a good part of the nonindustrialized world as well--has better cell phone service than the United States. Broadband is faster and cheaper across the industrial world, from Canada to France to Japan, and the United States now stands sixteenth in the world in broadband penetration per capita. Americans are constantly told by their politicians that the only thing we have to learn from other countries' health care systems is to be thankful for ours. Most Americans ignore the fact that a third of the country's public schools are totally dysfunctional (because their children go to the other two-thirds). The American litigation system is now routinely referred to as a huge cost to doing business, but no one dares propose any reform of it. Our mortgage deduction for housing costs a staggering $80 billion a year, and we are told it is crucial to support home ownership, except that Margaret Thatcher eliminated it in Britain, and yet that country has the same rate of home ownership as the United States. We rarely look around and notice other options and alternatives, convinced that "we're number one.
Elizabeth Morgan, Razel Dazzle|Actually, yeah, I did buy a few new things,” she confirmed, then she teased a little more by adding, “I think Pete is going to really enjoy my outfit tomorrow night.”“Pete seems to like you no matter what you’re wearing,” Luke grumbled. “So, what did you buy for good ol’ Pete?”Darn, if he didn’t sound jealous! Could it be possible? It’d mean she meant something to him. Something more than Dr. Doolittle anyway. “I bought a mini skirt.” She wouldn’t tell him about the hair and the shoes. Or what she bought to wear under the skirt.She heard him cough. Hard. As if having a spasm. “Luke? Are you okay?”A couple more very tense seconds of coughs, and then, “Did you say a skirt?”She wanted to smack him.
John O'Donohue, Beauty: The Invisible Embrace|What you encounter, recognize or discover depends to a large degree on the quality of your approach. Many of the ancient cultures practiced careful rituals of approach. An encounter of depth and spirit was preceded by careful preparation.When we approach with reverence, great things decide to approach us. Our real life comes to the surface and its light awakens the concealed beauty in things. When we walk on the earth with reverence, beauty will decide to trust us. The rushed heart and arrogant mind lack the gentleness and patience to enter that embrace.
Immanuel Kant, Critique of Judgment|In all judgements by which we describe anything as beautiful, we allow no one to be of another opinion.
Latif Mercado|My Friends I Will Always Remember, And My Enemies I Will Never Forget!
Sigmund Freud, Civilization and Its Discontents|It is impossible to escape the impression that people commonly use false standards of measurement — that they seek power, success and wealth for themselves and admire them in others, and that they underestimate what is of true value in life.
Mary Frann|If you're a good Amish girl, you're courting, you have three or four different beaus, and you go out and stay out all night. That's just their tradition. They date under the covering of night. No one knows who they're dating or seeing until two weeks before they're going to be married. It's how they've done it for 300 years.
Odin Zeus McGaffer, Does God Get Diarrhea?: Flushing 4,000 Years of Lies, Myths, and Fairy Tales Down the Toilet|Should we tolerate the blatant incorrectness of religion? Tolerating ignorance, superstition and stupidity will not provide for a healthy advancement of our society. Religion is cancer for modern thought, rationality, and even common sense.
Himanjali Singh|These ideas grew out of the Enlightenment; their roots are in Rousseau’s Discourse on Inequality, Humboldt’s Limits of State Action, Kant’s insistence, in his defense of the French Revolution, that freedom is the precondition for acquiring the maturity for freedom, not a gift to be granted when such maturity is achieved. With the development of industrial capitalism, a new and unanticipated system of injustice, it is libertarian socialism that has preserved and extended the radical humanist message of the Enlightenment and the classical liberal ideals that were perverted into an ideology to sustain the emerging social order. In fact, on the very same assumptions that led classical liberalism to oppose the intervention of the state in social life, capitalist social relations are also intolerable.
Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark|Hope just means another world might be possible, not promise, not guaranteed. Hope calls for action; action is impossible without hope.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|You may have noticed that the books you really love are bound together by a secret thread. You know very well what is the common quality that makes you love them, though you cannot put it into words: but most of your friends do not see it at all, and often wonder why, liking this, you should also like that. Again, you have stood before some landscape, which seems to embody what you have been looking for all your life; and then turned to the friend at your side who appears to be seeing what you saw -- but at the first words a gulf yawns between you, and you realise that this landscape means something totally different to him, that he is pursuing an alien vision and cares nothing for the ineffable suggestion by which you are transported. Even in your hobbies, has there not always been some secret attraction which the others are curiously ignorant of -- something, not to be identified with, but always on the verge of breaking through, the smell of cut wood in the workshop or the clap-clap of water against the boat's side? Are not all lifelong friendships born at the moment when at last you meet another human being who has some inkling (but faint and uncertain even in the best) of that something which you were born desiring, and which, beneath the flux of other desires and in all the momentary silences between the louder passions, night and day, year by year, from childhood to old age, you are looking for, watching for, listening for? You have never had it. All the things that have ever deeply possessed your soul have been but hints of it -- tantalising glimpses, promises never quite fulfilled, echoes that died away just as they caught your ear. But if it should really become manifest -- if there ever came an echo that did not die away but swelled into the sound itself -- you would know it. Beyond all possibility of doubt you would say "Here at last is the thing I was made for". We cannot tell each other about it. It is the secret signature of each soul, the incommunicable and unappeasable want, the thing we desired before we met our wives or made our friends or chose our work, and which we shall still desire on our deathbeds, when the mind no longer knows wife or friend or work. While we are, this is. If we lose this, we lose all.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Tiger Lily|I began to see that Wendy had something Tiger Lily hadn't even known she was supposed to have. Of all the things Tiger Lily had thought she might have to be for Peter-strong, brave; to be big and to keep up-she had never thought that the one thing he wanted most from her was simply to show that she believed in him, always and without fail.
