Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|It's sometimes funny to watch some people doing something the wrong way but doing it confidently. Even more funny, they succeeded.
Karen Robards|I make personal appearances around the country. I'm starting a book tour now, and I may be coming to Toronto with the Learning Annex, which I'm doing all through the United States, so that may come up just before Christmas.
Tom Giaquinto, Be A Good Human|Making this a better world happens one person at a time. You cannot force your beliefs on anyone. Rather, be the example that others can emulate. Live your life so that others may be inspired by your words and deeds. That's how change happens.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Good Husband of Zebra Drive|October had tremendous possibility. The summer's oppressive heat was a distant memory, and the golden leaves promised a world full of beautiful adventures. They made me believe in miracles.
Dorothea Benton Frank, The Hurricane Sisters|Let me tell you something you probably already know. It's that second cord that should remain in the neck of the bottle. You can liberate 1, but two bottles of wine for 2 people is 1 bottle too many. There was a reason the French bottled wine the way they did. 2 and a half glasses was plenty of wine for 2 people to consume with dinner. But that's not how it went with us.
Andrea Hurst, Always with You|HEALTHY EATING isn't about counting fat grams, dieting, cleanses, and antioxidants; Its about eating food untouched from the way we find it in nature in a balanced way; Whole foods give us all that we need to perfectly nourish ourselves.
Brandon Sanderson, The Final Empire|I think given the choice between loving Mare - betrayal included - and never knowing her, I'd chose love. I risked, and I lost, but the risk was still worth it.
Steven Aitchison|Every friend we have represents a new world, a world that may not have existed had they not come into our life.
Neil Simon|Sport is a wonderful metaphor for life. Of all the sports that I played - skiing, baseball, fishing - there is no greater example than golf, because you're playing against yourself and nature.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|An infinity of passion can be contained in one minute, like a crowd in a small space.
Sanhita Baruah|Loving someone can never be difficult, it's when you judge the other person that everything tumbles.. Loving someone is easy, so I fall, rise or fly in love over and over again.. what's difficult is being loved in return.. Unrequited love is amusing.. It's more fun when the person you love doesn't know you do.. what's difficult is when he does.. and that makes you what you'd never want to be - Vulnerable.
Emma Richler, Be My Wolff|I love your loins, that's all,' Rachel says quietly. 'And now I love the word itself, and how words change, I love that too. And all the parts of you, I love them. That's all. And I'm not sad,' she whispers, gasping a little at the shock of her own tears, hot and extravagant, tears that catch the light in her lashes before they drop and roll across Zach's thighs, sparkling capsules, kaleidoscopic, the flow dynamic.
Gigi Hadid|It's a crazy world, so sports and athletics and music can be a form of escapism.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|I couldn't understand; cheating was the one thing I'd told her all those years ago would be unforgivable. She knew, she said, but that was part of what had been confusing her, that I would even have told her that, as if she weren't an actual human being with the freedom to act, but some character in a scenario in my head. There was a quality I had of making the people closest to me feel lonely, somehow. Some essential cold withholding at the core of myself.
Andi Ashworth, Real Love for Real Life: The Art and Work of Caring|Silas consumed only one food, and it was not bananas.
Chris Pine|From orphanages to space colonies, it was all shallow but endearingly enthusiastic futurism. Gingrich was the kind of person who read a book or two on something and would then be quite afire as to how this was going to fit into some shining future.
John Grant|One of the key elements of human behavior is, humans have a greater fear of loss than enjoyment of success. All the academic studies will show you that the fear of loss of capital is far greater than the enjoyment of gains.
Hermann Weyl|The Greeks made Space the subject-matter of a science of supreme simplicity and certainty. Out of it grew, in the mind of classical antiquity, the idea of pure science. Geometry became one of the most powerful expressions of that sovereignty of the intellect that inspired the thought of those times. At a later epoch, when the intellectual despotism of the Church, which had been maintained through the Middle Ages, had crumbled, and a wave of scepticism threatened to sweep away all that had seemed most fixed, those who believed in Truth clung to Geometry as to a rock, and it was the highest ideal of every scientist to carry on his science 'more geometrico.
Daniel Quinn, Ishmael|[I]n Africa I was a member of a family—of a sort of family that the people of your culture haven't known for thousands of years. If gorillas were capable of such an expression, they would tell you that their family is like a hand, of which they are the fingers. They are fully aware of being a family but are very little aware of being individuals. Here in the zoo there were other gorillas—but there was no family. Five severed fingers do not make a hand.
Sunday Adelaja|If you have lost a lot of time, then, increase your speed and make up for the time lost
Aisha Saeed, Written in the Stars|Some people are born with tornadoes in their lives, but constellations in their eyes. Other people are born with stars at their feet, but their souls are lost at sea.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|Nor, perhaps, will it fail to be eventually perceived, that behind those forms and usages, as it were, he sometimes masked himself; incidentally making use of them for other and more private ends than they were legitimately intended to subserve. That certain sultanism of his brain, which had otherwise in a good degree remained unmanifested; through those forms that same sultanism became incarnate in an irresistible dictatorship. For be a man’s intellectual superiority what it will, it can never assume the practical, available supremacy over other men, without the aid of some sort of external arts and entrenchments, always, in themselves, more or less paltry and base. This it is, that for ever keeps God’s true princes of the Empire from the world’s hustings; and leaves the highest honors that this air can give, to those men who become famous more through their infinite inferiority to the choice hidden handful of the Divine Inert, than through their undoubted superiority over the dead level of the mass. Such large virtue lurks in these small things when extreme political superstitions invest them, that in some royal instances even to idiot imbecility they have imparted potency. But when, as in the case of Nicholas the Czar, the ringed crown of geographical empire encircles an imperial brain; then, the plebeian herds crouch abased before the tremendous centralization. Nor, will the tragic dramatist who would depict mortal indomitableness in its fullest sweep and direct swing, ever forget a hint, incidentally so important in his art, as the one now alluded to.
Slavoj Žižek, In Defense of Lost Causes|In Kant’s description, ethical duty functions like a foreign traumatic intruder that from the outside disturbs the subject’s homeostatic balance, its unbearable pressure forcing the subject to act “beyond the pleasure principle,” ignoring the pursuit of pleasures. For Lacan, exactly the same description holds for desire, which is why enjoyment is not something that comes naturally to the subject, as a realization of her inner potential, but is the content of a traumatic superego injunction.
Neelam Saxena Chandra|Lips half open,Words unsaid; And yet He understandsThe puzzles of life’s threads!
Bill Clegg, Did You Ever Have a Family|Rough as life can be, I know in my bones we are supposed to stick around and play our part. Even if that part is coughing to death from cigarettes, or being blown up young in a house with your mother watching. And even if it's to be that mother. Someone down the line might need to know you got through it. Or maybe someone you won't see coming will need you. Like a kid who asks you to help him clean motel rooms. Or some ghost who drifts your way, hungry. And good people might even ask you to marry them. And it might be you never know the part you played, what it meant to someone to watch you make your way each day. Maybe someone or something is watching us all make our way. I don't think we get to know why. It is, as Ben would say about most of what I used to worry about, none of my business.
Brandon Sanderson, Warbreaker|And are you going to explain why you consider competing with me to be the most sincere form of compliment?” “Of course I am,” Lightsong said. “My dear, have you ever known me to make an inflammatorily ridiculous statement without providing an equally ridiculous explanation to substantiate it?” “Of course not,” she agreed. “You are nothing if not exhaustive in your self-congratulatory made-up logic.” “I am rather exceptional in that regard.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Money can give the soul comfort, but it can never buy true, real and eternal life in Christ Jesus for the soul, and though it can make the soul lively, it can never guarantee its true eternal life in Christ!
Jonathan Messinger, Hiding Out|How could you love something so destructive?" I ask."Because this wolf doesn't care if your heart is whole or not," you say. "It tastes just the same.
Jessica Edouard|We have one world. We have one chance; to be a united force of positive strength, to feed humanity the light of being humane." Jessica Edouard
Dylan Lauren|Going home, spending time with the family, I feel they're my friends as well, all of them. I look forward to meeting any one of them for a coffee, and when we all get together, I just love it.
Dennis Lehane, Gone, Baby, Gone|Each day in this country, twenty-three hundred children are reported missing.
Antonella Gambotto-Burke, Mama: Dispatches from the Frontline of Love|Repudiating the vulnerability I felt had wrecked the lives of women around me, I modelled myself on my controlled father. I wanted his freedom and his focus. To him, a family was an aquarium: controlled, contained. To the women I knew, a family was everything.
Jayendra Puri Goswami, The Creator's Child|Empty is the perfect state of being. Nothing inside to anchor you. Nothing inside to chain you down, keep you from living your dreams. Empty, almost weightless, you are an eyelash afloat on a blink of breeze. You can rise about tension and worry, loosed from the grip of gravity. Adrift in thermal lift, you ride the wing of freedom and soar. Empty, you are Eve in Eden. Empty, you are what you were meant to be.
D.L. Hess, Sir: The Awakening|Her fingertips dug into his shoulders as she pressed closer. Then her lips parted to his, and there was no mistaking the passion in her response.	Wild and sweet…	His eyes were closed, but in his mind’s eye he saw the lights of the giant tree, and he knew he’d found a Christmas memory worth keeping.
Rayvon L. Browne|You can only accomplish the impossible when the God of the possible is involved".~R. Alan Woods [2013]
Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire|Looking at Prim's face, it's hard to imagine she's the same frail little girl I left behind on reapimg day nine months ago. The combination of that ordeal and all that has followed - the cruelty in the district, the parade of sick and wounded that she often treates herself now if my mother's hands are too full - these things have aged her years. She's grown quite a bit, too; we're practically the same height now, but that isn't what makes her seem so much older.
Kirk Cameron|I am drawn to the mystery of marriage. You can never know what the contract is between two people, and that is a very strong subject. I think it may be my subject.
Kim Stanley Robinson, Icehenge|It was that sort of sleep in which you wake every hour and think to yourself that you have not been sleeping at all; you can remember dreams that are like reflections, daytime thinking slightly warped.
Henrik Fisker|Parallel parking is desirable for two reasons: parked cars create a physical barrier and psychological buffer that protects pedestrians on the sidewalk from moving vehicles; and a rich supply of parallel parking can eliminate the need for parking lots, which are extremely destructive of the civic fabric.
Sabaa Tahir, A Torch Against the Night|It's a trick question, Aquilla. A Mask is not made. She is remade. First she is destroyed. Stripped down to the trembling child that lives at her core. It doesn't matter how strong she thinks she is. Blackcliff diminishes, humiliates, and humbles her." "But if she survives, she is reborn. She rises from the shadow world of failure and despair so that she might become as fearful as that which destroyed her. So that she might know darkness and use it as her scim and shield in her mission to serve the Empire.
Gift Gugu Mona|When we have loved, that loving part is the best part of any and every day.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|Her chest feels very tight, as if she's suddenly full of poison. You have to keep it all inside. Like throwing yourself on a bomb to save everyone else. Except you're the bomb.
C. JoyBell C.|I cannot hate gay men, I cannot hate homosexuality. At the lowest points in my life, when all else abandoned me, my gay men friends were my sisters, aunts, mothers who lifted me up on their shoulders and reminded me that there is light at the end of the tunnel. If I were to hate gay men, or to condemn them just because they're gay, I would be a hypocrite. I simply cannot turn my back on arms that held me in my darkest hours.
Laurel Cremant, Wynter's Fall|Sweet Echo, sweetest nymph that liv'st unseenWithin thy airy shellBy slow Meander's margent green,And in the violet-imbroider'd valeWhere the love-lorn nightingaleNightly to thee her sad song mourneth well:Canst thou not tell me of a gentle pairThat likest thy Narcissus are?
Benjamin Franklin|If... many influential people have failed to understand, or have just forgotten, what we were up against in the Cold War and how we overcame it, they are not going to be capable of securing, let alone enlarging, the gains that liberty has made.
The Little Prince|It is such a secret place, the land of tears.
Henry Johnson Jr, Liberian Son|In life, we are constantly growing.There are no true adults because our life experiences and sometimes unfortunate conditions show us that constant growth is part of the human story.
Larry King|I have never cared especially for outdoor sports and have no desire to excel at tennis, swimming, or golf. I'll leave those things to the men.
Debasish Mridha|When you become the source of joy, when you become the source of peace, your world and world around you become joyful and peaceful. you become the symbol and messenger of joy and peace.
Maggie Georgiana Young|It's only since it's been made impossible that it's been made so damn easy. It's got like prohibition, with bums and crooks making fortunes out of hooch, everyone who might have had a palate losing it, nobody caring how you hold your liquor, you've been smart enough if you get it at all. You can't make good wine in a bathtub in the cellar, you need sun and rain and fresh air, you need pride in a job you can tell the world about. Only you can live without drink if you have to, but you can't live without love.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Don't keep looking for "something" in the bag of "nothing". You will see the same thing again and again no matter how many times you repeat the look.
Derek Jeter|I think that if you go about making movies to win Oscars, you're really going about it the wrong way.
Julia Glass|I'd imagine my wedding as a fairy tale... huge, beautiful and white.
J.M. Coetzee, Disgrace|In a sudden and soundless eruption, as if he has fallen into a waking dream, a stream of images pours down, images of women he has known on two continents, some from so far away in time that he barely recognizes them. Like leaves blown on the wind, pell-mell, they pass before him. A fair field full of folk: hundreds of lives all tangled with his. He holds his breath, willing the vision to continue.What has happened to them, all those women, all those lives? Are there moments when they too, or some of them, are plunged without warning into the ocean of memory? The German girl: is it possible that at this very instant she is remembering the man who picked her up on the roadside in Africa and spent the night with her? Enriched: that was the word the newspapers picked on to jeer at. A stupid word to let slip, under the circumstances, yet now, at this moment, he would stand by it. By Melanie, by the girl in Touws River; by Rosalind, Bev Shaw, Soraya: by each of them he was enriched, and by the others too, even the least of them, even the failures. Like a flower blooming in his breast, his heart floods with thankfulness.
Holly Black, The Coldest Girl in Coldtown|I'm sorry,' she said to each of the dead as she unzipped and unfastened their things, 'I'm sorry Courtney. I'm sorry Marcus. I'm sorry Rachel. I'm sorry Jon. I'm sorry I'm alive and you're dead. I'm sorry I was asleep. I'm sorry I didn't save you and now I'm taking your things. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Louis Colaianni, The Joy of Phonetics and Accents|Morse stared morosely at the blotting paper. "It's just not my sort of case, Lewis. I know it's not a very nice thing to say, but I just get on better when we've got a body - a body that died from unnatural causes. That's all I ask. And we haven't got a body.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Once your character is poured with vigor and your attitude radiates confidence, there is no power in any external force to have any form of authority over you.
Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep|All the evil in the world comes from us bothering with each other,Wanting to do good, wanting to do evil.Our soul and the sky and the earth are enough for us.To want more is to lose this, and be unhappy.
Yasanuri Kawabata|Life kisses our faces every morning. Yet, between morning and evening, she laughs at our sorrows.
Denis Waitley|There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist, or accept the responsibility for changing them
Leslye Walton, The Strange and Beautiful Sorrows of Ava Lavender|She laughed for her wasted, difficult life that never had to be wasted or difficult in the first place.
Stephen Jay Gould, The Flamingo's Smile: Reflections in Natural History|We have become, by the power of a glorious evolutionary accident called intelligence, the stewards of life's continuity on earth. We did not ask for this role, but we cannot abjure it. We may not be suited to it, but here we are.
James George Frazer, The Magic Art and the Evolution of Kings, Vol 1. The Golden Bough, Part 1|The propensity to excessive simplification is indeed natural to the mind of man, since it is only by abstraction and generalisation, which necessarily imply the neglect of a multitude of particulars, that he can stretch his puny faculties so as to embrace a minute portion of the illimitable vastness of the universe. But if the propensity is natural and even inevitable, it is nevertheless fraught with peril, since it is apt to narrow and falsify our conception of any subject under investigation. To correct it partially - for to correct it wholly would require an infinite intelligence - we must endeavour to broaden our views by taking account of a wide range of facts and possibilities; and when we have done so to the utmost of our power, we must still remember that from the very nature of things our ideas fall immeasurably short of the reality.
Herman Wouk, This is My God: A Guidebook to Judaism|He had in his Bronx apartment a lodger less learned than himself, and much fiercer in piety. One day when we were studying the laws of repentance together, the lodger burst from his room. "What!" he said. "The atheists guzzles his whiskey and eats pork and wallows with women all his life long, and then repents the day before he dies and stands guiltless? While I spend a lifetime trying to please God?" My grandfather pointed to the book. "So it is written," he said gently.—"Written!" the lodger roared. "There are books and there are books." And he slammed back into his room.The lodger's outrage seemed highly logical. My grandfather pointed out afterward that cancelling the past does not turn it into a record of achievement. It leaves it blank, a waste of spilled years. A man had better return, he said, while time remains to write a life worth scanning. And since no man knows his death day, the time to get a grip on his life is the first hour when the impulse strikes him.
Glen Cook, Chronicles of the Black Company|They say curiosity killed the cat but I am unconcerned. I am smarter, though slightly less evil, than any cat.
Richard Curtis, Blackadder: The Whole Damn Dynasty, 1485-1917|There's always someone we'd love to kill, the trick is to make it not look like an accident
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to the Kingdom of Conscience|A person’s affinity towards his or her own religious beliefs, has the same neurological qualities as of his or her emotional affinity towards the romantic partner. In fact the symptoms that follow the early euphoric phase of romantic love are often seen in religious people when their beloved religious faith is challenged.
James Crumley, The Last Good Kiss|When I finally caught up with Abraham Trahearne, he was drinking beer with an alcoholic bulldog named Fireball Roberts in a ramshackle joint just outside of Sonoma, California, drinking the heart right out of a fine spring afternoon.
Lisa Carlisle, Knights of Stone: Bryce|Cupping her chin, he said, "Sexiest female I've ever seen."	One side of her mouth turned up with a smile while her eyes twinkled. "Even gray and leathery?"	"Ever so bonny.
David Souter|Passion, you see, can be destroyed by a doctor. It cannot be created.
Bruce Lipton|In 1980, a woman promised her dying sister to change how Americans thought about breast cancer. Thirty years later, the result - the Susan G. Komen for the Cure Foundation - is one of the nation's largest non-profits, and one of the most successful triumphs in public health marketing and changing health habits.
John Coleman|History is a people's memory, and without a memory, man is demoted to the lower animals.
Leon Uris, Mitla Pass|Miss Abigail, I want to be an author because writers know when a person is lonely. I mean, when Molly read me some books, those writers reached out and said, Look Gideon, we know about your loneliness and we know you're feeling downtrodden. And they said...I'll stand up for you. You're not lone anymore.
Ronaldinho|The building of friendship, family, community and love is complicated. We are so isolated in this country, no longer supported by tribes and villages.
Shannon Hale, Princess Academy|I keep thinking about a tale my nurse used to read to me about a bird whose wings are pinned to the ground. In the end, when he finally frees himself, he flies so high he becomes a star. My nurse said the story was about how we all have something that keeps us down.
Joyce Brothers|Drink and be thankful to the host! What seems insignificant when you have it, is important when you need it.
Katie Alender, As Dead As It Gets|I was deep in a dream about photography-walking through a strange city with buildings that stretched so high they disappeared into the clouds. And every time I took a picture of one, it shivered and changed into something else. A sound came from a building behind me-a soft song. I started to walk toward it's open doors, but they closed. I would have to climb in a window-and then I woke up.
Edmund White, City Boy: My Life in New York in the 1960s and 70s|They have succeeded in accumulating a greater mass of objects, but the joy in the world has grown less.
Rick Riordan, The Sword of Summer|I held out the rune for Hearthstone. ‘I know what it feels like to be an empty cup, to have everything taken away from you. But you’re not alone. However much magic you need to use, it’s okay. We’ve got you. We’re your family.’Hearth’s eyes rimmed with green water. He signed to us, and this time I think he actually meant I love you and not the giantesses are drunk.He took the rune and set it between the prongs of his new staff. The stone snapped into place the same way my pendant did on its chain. The symbol perthro glowed with a gentle gold light.My sign, he announced. My family’s sign.Blitzen sniffled. ‘I like that. A family of four empty cups!’Sam wiped her eyes. ‘Suddenly I feel thirsty.’‘Al-Abbas,’ I said, ‘I nominate you for the role of annoying sister.’‘Shut up, Magnus.
William Shakespeare, Cymbeline|After all, why things ended up in a way that you never imagine.
Brandon Sanderson, Alcatraz Versus the Shattered Lens|I've never understood one thing: Why do all these megalomaniac dictators, secret societies, mad scientists, and totalitarian aliens want to rule the world? I mean really? Don't they know what a pain in the neck it is to be in charge? People are always making unreasonable demands of kings. "Please save us from the invading Vandal hoards! Please make sure we have proper sanitation to prevent the spread of disease! Please stop beheading your wives so often; it's ruining the rugs!
Sunday Adelaja|Your self-reliance, self-appraisal and self- perception depends on how successful you are at knowing who God has created you to become
Kate Braestrup, Here If You Need Me: A True Story|You wanted to live inside the lines where the ordinariness of everything would protect you from the dragons that lay at the edge of the map ready to blow fire in your face if you strayed off course, to the edge of the known world.
Dada Bhagwan|In this world, there is nothing that is right. Anything that people raise objection to, is wrong. Do people raise objection in every matter?
Mariel Hemingway|Those that have lost their lives to suicide were good people, who were in deep, deep pain. Keep speaking about mental illness and keep it out of the darkness.
Muriel Rukeyser|As we live our truths, we will communicate across all barriers, speaking for the sources of peace. Peace that is not lack of war, but fierce and positive.
Brandi Glanville, Drinking and Tweeting and Other Brandi Blunders|Now I just want it to end. I’ve always wanted the happy ending, but now I’ll just settle for the ending.
Kingsley Amis, Lucky Jim|If you can't annoy somebody, there is little point in writing.
Laurence Overmire, The One Idea That Saves The World: A Call to Conscience and A Call to Action|Every child comes into this world as a gift to humanity. It is up to us, as adults, to see that they are properly taken care of and given all the love and attention they deserve. If we did so, I have no doubt our world would be drastically different and much more humane.
Israelmore Ayivor|The volume of your impacts is measured by the direction of your movements, the passion with which you inspire and the attitudes by which you make an influence!
Scott Stabile|No one else can stop us from loving ourselves, just as no one else is to blame when we don’t. I promise to stop blaming your for everything I don’t like about myself.
Aristophanes, Lysistrata|MAGISTRATEDon't men grow old?LYSISTRATANot like women. When a man comes homeThough he's grey as grief he can always get a girl.There's no second spring for a woman. None.She can't recall it, nobody wants her, howeverShe squanders her time on the promise of oracles,It's no use...
Virginia Alison|You are important to this earth. If you were meant to journey alone, you would not have friends...
Steve Maraboli|To me, Hell isn’t a place; it’s a state of mind. It is a psychological self-imprisonment in which fear is the warden. It is a result of not living in alignment with your goals, dreams, and purpose. It is to find yourself in the endless emotional agony of, “What if?
Molière, The Misanthrope|Solitude was my only consolation - deep, dark, deathlike solitude.
Aesop|A man should look for what is, and not for what he thinks should be.
M.A. Stacie, Unwritten Rules|Oh, you want me to lie still while you check me out? Damn, Red, if I'd have known that earlier I would've been horizontal already.
Ziggy Marley|Women hate everything which strips off the tinsel of sentiment, and they are right, or it would rob them of their weapons.
C.C. Campbell, The Stolen Light of Women: A Quest for Spiritual Truth Beyond Religion|The human Soul will only find its Light,when the Ego gives its permission.
|Any thought or belief that doesn't suggest the realities of success and happiness in your life, should never be granted the access to dwell in your mind.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Reasons are the fuel for goal achievement. Without a strong enough reason, it’s impossible to persevere.
Blake Crouch, Dark Matter|The box isn't all that different from life. If you go in with fear, fear is what you'll find.
Sarah Price, Fields of Corn|Change is difficult, but necessary for salvation. Turn from your sins and acknowledge Jesus as your Lord and Savior. Let Him take control of your life. He won’t let you down. He’s not you. He’s God.
Laurie Nadel, Dr. Laurie Nadel's Sixth Sense: Unlocking Your Ultimate Mind Power|When your intuition is right, thank the part of you that knows how to do that truly remarkable job.
Jess C. Scott, Bedmates|He was her father after all. True, a father whose funeral rite she planned to dance at and toast with ale, but her father just the same.
Hideki Tojo|I get asked a lot about my legacy. For me, it's being a good teammate, having the respect of my teammates, having the respect of the coaches and players. That's important to me.
Rachel Hartman, Seraphina|Claude rubs the back of his neck and wrinkles his nose, about to tell me he was never sad. I believe this is called bravado and is not limited to lawyers, or even men, although that combination makes it almost unavoidable.
Bijou Hunter, Damaged and the Bulldog|I was not the equal of my cousins in athletic ability or good looks, but I'd like to think God evened the score by granting me a modicum of common sense, which sometimes seems to be sadly missing in most descendants of Walter Kaminski, who have shown a tendency to live for the moment and think with their peckers.
Sloane Crosley|I do write a lot from personal experience, but I also embellish a bit.
Joseph Pulitzer|Failure is never a bus-stop for students, it is just a check point for all successful student
G.M. Jackson, Debunking Darwin's God: A Case Against BioLogos and Theistic Evolution|Dolmens constantly remind us to live in harmony with nature, to live within our needs and not in our greed. It reminds us that we should keep on helping everyone in need; not only those who are right in front of our eyes, but everyone and everything that are interconnected in time and space. Only abstract consequences of our good deeds and our kind actions continue to exist as soul and connect us with the past, present and upcoming generations. Rest of it will be molten into nothingness!
Fulton J. Sheen, Life Is Worth Living|A teacher who cannot explain any abstract subject to a child does not himself thoroughly understand his subject; if he does not attempt to break down his knowledge to fit the child's mind, he does not understand teaching.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Do you want to grow spiritually? Build better relationships? Succeed in your career? Conquer anxiety and find peace? Break a bad habit? Be healed from the emotional wounds of your past? Then meditate on, ponder, think about, practise mentally, and verbalise the Word of God. Instead of living off someone else’s spiritual insight, study God’s Word for yourself and allow the Holy Spirit to bless you with life-transforming insights. Jesus said, ‘The Spirit takes my message and tells it to you’ (John 16:15). And you’ll experience the truth of those words when you personalise the Scripture you’re reading.
Nicholas Eames, Kings of the Wyld|You should write a book," Matrick suggested.Kit snorted. "Who wants to read the self-pitying lamentations of an old revenant?""There's your title right there," said Ganelon.
EverSkeptic|Dear God, Why don't you ever get inspired by those carmakers who recall defective models? Please be humble, accept that you made and mistake and recall all idiots, criminals, haters, terrorists and replace their defective minds.
Cindi Madsen, Getting Lucky Number Seven|Quinton: I think if every person had a Nova Reed in this world, then life would be a little sunnier.
Elizabeth Hess, Nim Chimpsky: The Chimp Who Would Be Human|My head was dizzy, but what of that? Float, stupid wooden head, and care nothing for tomorrow.
Banani Ray, Glory of OM: A Journey to Self-Realization|In saving Tamlin, I was to damn myself.
Polkadot|Just because it doesn't happen within a wave of a wand, doesn't mean its not magic.
Ally Carter, Out of Sight, Out of Time|We all do have our own reasons for being alone; in my case, I just don’t like wasting my time on some assholes.
T. C. Boyle|With Ricky Gervais, it's all shades of wrong, it's my kind of humor.
Lavie Tidhar, The Violent Century|I know,' I said, thinking about the trip my mother had wanted me to take, and the trip we'd ended up taking, and how much better ours had been.
Martin Amis|I'm electric with vertigo, even though I'm on the ground, vertigo like I felt once when I stood on the edge of a high cliff in Arizona and looked straight down.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|What will break me into a million pieces so that I am beyond repair, beyond usefulness?
James Hilton, Lost Horizon|People make mistakes in life through believing too much, but they have a damned dull time if they believe too little.
Todd Stocker|Change isn’t closing the door on the old, it is opening the door on the new.
Leslea Tash, Bird After Bird|It is almost as if we are all playing a big game of hide-and-go-seek. We all hide expecting to be found, but no one has been labelled the seeker. We stand behind the wall, at first excited, then worried, then bored, then anxious, then angry. We hide and hide. After a while, the game is not fun anymore. Where is my seeker? Where is the person who is supposed to come find me here in my protected shell and cut me open? Where is that one who will make me trust him, make me comfortable, make me feel whole? Some people rot on the spot, waiting for the seeker that never comes. The most important truth that I can relate to you, if you are hiding and waiting, is that the seeker is you and the world, behind so many walls, awaits.
Margaret Thatcher|I'm already popular in my city. I was just trying to get rich. Man, I'm not gonna lie to you; I didn't really want to go back to school. I mean, my family was mad about that. Because, you know, you tell your family you want to rap, and they look at you like you're crazy.
Will Durant, The Story of Philosophy: The Lives and Opinions of the World's Greatest Philosophers|Hence I think it is that democracies change into aristocracies, and these at length into monarchies,' people at last prefer tyranny to chaos. Equality of power is an unstable condition; men are by nature unequal; and 'he who seeks equality between unequals seeks an absurdity.' Democracy has still to solve the problem of enlisting the best energies of men while giving to all alike the choice of those, among the trained and fit, by whom they wish to be ruled.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|I cannot find a faithful message-bearer," he wrote to his friend, the scholar Atticus. "How few are they who are able to carry a rather weighty letter without lightening it by reading.
Dada Bhagwan|If anyone comes to me complaining about others that “this person is like this”, I will question that person first. ‘Why did you come complaining to me?’ You come complaining therefore you are the guilty one. If anyone comes complaining without being asked, then you should disregard him completely.
Cassandra Clare, Welcome to Shadowhunter Academy|--Hero!? Forget it! We're Pirates! I love heroes but I don't wanna become one! Do you even know what it takes to be a Hero!?Lets say you have some meat okay? Now a Pirate would chomp down on that bad boy, but a hero would share it with everyone!! I want to eat meat!""--Hero!? Forget it! We're Pirates! I love heroes but I don't wanna become one! Do you even know what it takes to be a Hero!?Lets say you have some meat okay? Now a Pirate would chomp down on that bad boy, but a hero would share it with everyone!! I want to eat meat!" - Monkey D. Luffy
Marion D. Hanks|My teacher's mind and my interest in youth has brought me to some renewed conclusions, and I pass them on earnestly to mature persons who are given to assisting young people off the trail. The dictionary has a word for them: iconoclast. It is defined as, "one who attacks cherished beliefs as shames." What if the cherished beliefs that are attacked along the way are true? What if they are the very beliefs that make these boys and girls worthwhile, promising people they are? What if the foundations of their faith are effectively shaken at this crucial period, and they dangle, with no substantial footings to stand on?
Evinda Lepins, Coffee Hour with Chicklit Power A Cup of Encouragement for the Day|Worrying was painful .... but compared to the alternative, a privilege
Ben Shapiro|I call upon the scientific community in our country, those who gave us nuclear weapons, to turn their great talents now to the cause of mankind and world peace: to give us the means of rendering these nuclear weapons impotent and obsolete.
Katie MacAlister, Sex and the Single Vampire|His laughter echoed through my mind. I have a beautiful woman in my arms, and am taking her back to my home, where she and I will be alone and able to indulge whatever fantasies we choose. What is there not to enjoy?
Aberjhani, Illuminated Corners: Collected Essays and Articles Volume I.|The word 'survivor' carries a weight of remembrance that has broken the minds and bodies of more than a few men and women. It also contains a humbling light of recognition that compels many to do whatever they can to help reinforce the efforts of those who might be 'at risk' of not just giving up on their dreams, but of giving up on their continued existence.
Karen A. Baquiran|Acknowledge your inner child. Even though we have found the light in ourselves today, we sometimes forget to heal old wounds of our past. Your inner child still needs to be loved in order to heal the complete self.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|Before that no one thought of us as colored-foreign maybe, exotic and dark, but not colored.
Brian David Mattson, JerUSAlem and the Blood of Jesus|Of all the varieties of virtues, liberalism is the most beloved.
Aimee L. Salter, Dark Touch|He’s drowning, suffocating under the weight of my darkness and there’s nothing I can do to stop it.
Frithjof Schuon|In relation to Monotheism considered as such, Judaism stabilized but “confiscated” the Message; Christianity universalized but “altered” it; Islam in turn restored it by stabilizing and universalizing it.
Pat Conroy, A Lowcountry Heart: Reflections on a Writing Life|Throughout my career I’ve lived in constant fear that I wouldn’t be good enough, that I’d have nothing to say, that I’d be laughed at, humiliated—and I’m old enough to know that fear will follow me to the very last word I’ll ever write. As for now, I feel the first itch of the novel I’m supposed to write—the grain of sand that irritates the soft tissues of the oyster. The beginning of the world as I don’t quite know it. But I trust I’ll begin to know it soon.
Heather Anastasiu, Glitch|History isn't all fact--it's just the story the victors tell to keep themselves in power. And it's been a slow revision. The more time passes, the easier it becomes to reinvent the past.
Bill Bryson, A Walk in the Woods|Child, you’ve been trying to drown your sorrows for some time now. And the problem with that plan is, you can’t drown sorrows. They’re good swimmers. They’re gonna float back up to the top and be bobbing right where you left them last night.
Réné Gaudette|Choice is the basis of every part of your existence, but so is fear. The difference is, choice creates movement, where fear limits movement.
Hugh Grant|For somehow this disease inheres in tyranny, never to trust one's friends.
Max Barry, Lexicon| 'Your brain doesn't process language quite like other people. Why that is, I have no idea.' 'I have a superior brain?' 'Uh,' Eliot said, 'I wouldn't go that far.' 
Raheel Farooq|All humans learn from each other's mistakes. Intelligent humans learn how to avoid them, idiots how to do them.
Bob Marley|You may not be her first, her last, or her only. She loved before she may love again. But if she loves you now, what else matters? She's not perfect—you aren't either, and the two of you may never be perfect together but if she can make you laugh, cause you to think twice, and admit to being human and making mistakes, hold onto her and give her the most you can. She may not be thinking about you every second of the day, but she will give you a part of her that she knows you can break—her heart. So don't hurt her, don't change her, don't analyze and don't expect more than she can give. Smile when she makes you happy, let her know when she makes you mad, and miss her when she's not there.
Winsome Campbell-Green, The Secret Rules Of Self-Love: How To Love Yourself, Overcome The Loneliness Of Being Single, And Achieve Happiness|You cannot truly love yourself if you are constantly surrounded by clutter, chaos and bitterness. The time has come for you to de-clutter your mind and your environment.
Billy Graham|Man, I'm 31 years old and a husband with four kids; I hope I'm no thug. I hear all those negative things and don't hear anything positive. I think that's all those people feel... that way that's all they hear about when you hear Allen Iverson did something negative or something.
Meister Eckhart|The less theorizing you do about God, the more receptive you are to His inpouring.
George Orwell, Keep the Aspidistra Flying|What he realised, and more clearly as time went on, was that money-worship has been elevated into a religion. Perhaps it is the only real religion-the only felt religion-that is left to us. Money is what God used to be. Good and evil have no meaning any longer except failure and success. Hence the profoundly significant phrase, to make good. The decalogue has been reduced to two commandments. One for the employers-the elect, the money priesthood as it were- 'Thou shalt make money'; the other for the employed- the slaves and underlings'- 'Thou shalt not lose thy job.' It was about this time that he came across The Ragged Trousered Philanthropists and read about the starving carpenter who pawns everything but sticks to his aspidistra. The aspidistra became a sort of symbol for Gordon after that. The aspidistra, the flower of England! It ought to be on our coat of arms instead of the lion and the unicorn. There will be no revolution in England while there are aspidistras in the windows.
Carlos Ghosn|We are actors who show up for work in our sloppy gear, and we've got this extraordinary tailor. It's someone else who's done the design; someone else who's cut the suit; someone else who's measured it. Basically, your job is to just wear it.
Mary DeMuth|God illuminated something powerful in that moment. One e-mail represented my family of origin - a family bent toward hiding. And my new family, the one I'd forged from the ashes of my past, desperate for Jesus to help me, represents who I am today. I am loved. I am surrounded by children and a husband who cheer for me.
Nobuyuki Fukumoto|To be thankful for just being alive...To survive means to win... That only applies to animals, but I'm a human being!
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|There are things we don't do. From this moment forth, let us all ensure our every action reflects well on us and our ancestors. Let us live to the highest standards, lest we win this war only to find ourselves staring in the mirror at the face of our late enemy.
Frank Bidart, Star Dust|After sex & metaphysics,—… what?What you have made.
Lauren London|Seeing much, suffering much, and studying much, are the three pillars of learning.
Debasish Mridha|When you are busy with living your life, age can never find you to make her mark.
Jamie Farrell, Matched|Lindsey had a nearly uncontrollable desire to run herfingers through his hair, to see if it was as soft today as it had been the last time she’d known him. And that thick stubble on his cheeks and chin was long enough to be soft too. The good soft.Especially against her softer parts.Intrigue and desire warmed the smileys on her panties.
From the film Kill Your Darlings|The men on the trading floor may not have been to school, but they have Ph.D.’s in man’s ignorance.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|What Is Love? I have met in the streets a very poor young man who was in love. His hat was old, his coat worn, the water passed through his shoes and the stars through his soul
Adam Gopnik|Whatever our official pieties, deep down we all believe in lives. The sternest formalists are the loudest gossips, and if you ask a cultural-studies maven who believes in nothing but collective forces and class determinisms how she came to believe in this doctrine, she will begin to tell you, eagerly, the story of her life.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Burns|We don't have to go back to my place, Angel. I can take you home, if that's what you want. Or, if you decide you want to sleep at my place, on opposite sides of my bedroom with a Do Not Cross line drawn down the middle, I'll do it. I won't like it, but I'll do it.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Before you find your soul mate, you must first discover your soul.
Donna Lynn Hope|I began to understand that the most worthwhile obsession is an obsession that is actually independent of the object of fixation. The object is only borrowed as a pretext, a means, an environment, through which or in which the obsessed person can project his own eternal and essential hunger, thus fulfilling the requirements of death--the dissolution of the ego for something, anything, that exists independently outside of one's self. Perhaps that obsession should be controlled. At some point the most mundane catalyst, a skirt or fallen leaf, is enough to provoke a series of captivating chain reactions, while at another time much more important objects will inspire only an absurd indifference.
Marjane Satrapi|In any relationship, after the first year is over, you can't help but want your own space.
Irvin D. Yalom, When Nietzsche Wept|Life is a spark between two identical voids, the darkness before birth and the one after death.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|True love is more than physical, emotional and romantical. It's an acceptance of all that has been, that is, will be and will not be.
Benson Bruno, A Story That Talks about Talking Is Like Chatter to Chattering Teeth, and Every Set of Dentures Can Attest to the Fact That No..|I don’t have any regrets,” a famous movie actor said in an interview I recently witnessed. “I’d live everything over exactly the same way.” “That’s really pathetic,” the talk show host said. “Are you seeking help?” “Yeah. My shrink says we’re making progress. Before, I wouldn’t even admit that I would live it all over,” the actor said, starting to choke up. “I thought one life was satisfying enough.” “My God,” the host said, cupping his hand to his mouth. “The first breakthrough was when I said I would live it over, but only in my dreams. Nocturnal recurrence.” “You’re like the character in that one movie of yours. What’s it called? You know, the one where you eat yourself.”“The Silence of Sam.”“That’s it. Can you do the scene?”The actor lifts up his foot to stick it in his mouth. I reach over from my seat and help him to fit it into his bulging cheeks. The audience goes wild.
Steven Pinker, The Blank Slate: The Modern Denial of Human Nature|I believe that the rape-is-not-about-sex doctrine will go down in history as an example of extraordinary popular delusions and the madness of crowds. It is preposterous on the face of it, does not deserve its sanctity, is contradicted by a mass of evidence, and is getting in the way of the only morally relevant goal surrounding rape, the effort to stamp it out.
Donal Ryan, The Spinning Heart|How would I know what Jesus would have done? That fella was a mass of contradictions as far as I can see. One minute he says to turn the other cheek, the next minute he's having a big strop and kicking over lads' market stalls. He says blessed are the meek and he goes around shouting and roaring the odds to everyone. He rises from the dead and then shags off a few weeks later and leaves his buddies in the shit.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|When you forgive, you immerse yourself in healing waters.
Steven Pressfield, The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks & Win Your Inner Creative Battles|They were two ruined souls doomed to wander their minds, if not the earth, trying to remember from whence they came.
Kurt Busiek, Superman: Secret Identity|Maybe I had a "secret identity", but then when you think about it, don't we all? A part of ourselves very few people ever get to see. The part we think of as "me". The part that deals with the big stuff. Makes the real choices. The part everything else is a reflection of.
Neetesh Dixit|Marriage is a wonderful institution, but who wants to live in an institution?
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|Where there are villains, there will be heroes. Just wait. They will come.
Muhammad Ali|You don’t have to be in a boxing ring to be a great fighter. As long as you are true to yourself, you will succeed in your fight for that in which you believe.
Dr. Ateendra Jha|life is a challenge, which never accept back challenge. Accept is as it is as when it will start ignoring you that will be horrible.
Marcel Proust|But,instead of what our imagination makes us suppose and which we worthless try to discover,life gives us something that we could hardly imagine.
Yu Hua, 十個詞彙裡的中國|If literature truly possesses a mysterious power, I think perhaps it is precisely this: that one can read a book by a writer of a different time, a different country, a different race, a different language, and a different culture and there encounter a sensation that is one's very own.
Seneca, Letters from a Stoic|It occurred to Jeff that he had entered the vague phase of his life. He had a vague idea of things, a vague sense of what was happening in the world, a vague sense of having met someone before. It was like being vaguely drunk all the time.
|It is very important to follow your passion, because every great prize comes with some big sacrifices. Success doesn't happen overnight. But when you are very passionate about what you do, you would always find a reason to never give up on yourself.
Simon Boylan|Every interaction presents an opportunity for growth, one of the keys to our limitless potential.
N.T. Wright, Evil and the Justice of God|Don’t misunderstand me. The terrorist actions of Al-Qaeda were and are unmitigatedly evil. But the astonishing naivety which decreed that America as a whole was a pure, innocent victim, so that the world could be neatly divided up into evil people (particularly Arabs) and good people (particularly Americans and Israelis), and that the latter had a responsibility now to punish the former, is a large-scale example of what I’m talking about - just as it is immature and naive to suggest the mirror image of this view, namely that the western world is guilty in all respects and that all protestors and terrorists are therefore completely justified in what they do. In the same way, to suggest that all who possess guns should be locked up, or (the American mirror-image of this view) that everyone should carry guns so that good people can shoot bad ones before they can get up to their tricks, is simply a failure to think into the depths of what’s going on.
Robyn Schneider, The Beginning of Everything|We have all been fooled into believing in people who are entirely imaginary--made-up prisoners in a hypothetical panopticon. But the point isn't whether or not you believe in imaginary people; it's whether or not you want to."I think I'll stick with reality," I said, handing Cassidy back her phone.She stared at it, and then me, disappointed. "I'd think you of all people would want to escape.""Imaginary prisoners are still prisoners.
Thiruvalluvar, Kural|The vast world rainless, one may bid adieuTo charity and penance.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Don't limit yourself to someone else's opinion of your capabilities. Be you. Dream, plan, execute!
Elizabeth Gilbert|Stop treating your creativity like it’s a tired, old, unhappy marriage (a grind, a drag) and start regarding it with the fresh eyes of a passionate lover. Even if you have only fifteen minutes a day in a stairwell alone with your creativity, take it. Go hide in that stairwell and make out with your art.
Aaron D'Este, Weapon of Choice|Tristan turned to face the Talon crowd and placed one hand on his own chest, “Our parents think that ‘compromise’ is a dirty word, a sign of weakness and neglect. They choose combat over concession every time. They fight for the sake of fighting because in their world,” and now he pointed out of the room into the distance, “every disagreement has to have a winner and a loser; life can never be a draw.
Stanisław Lem, Solaris|Tell me something. Do you believe in God?'Snow darted an apprehensive glance in my direction. 'What? Who still believes nowadays?''It isn't that simple. I don't mean the traditional God of Earth religion. I'm no expert in the history of religions, and perhaps this is nothing new--do you happen to know if there was ever a belief in an...imperfect God?''What do you mean by imperfect?' Snow frowned. 'In a way all the gods of the old religions were imperfect, considered that their attributes were amplified human ones. The God of the Old Testament, for instance, required humble submission and sacrifices, and and was jealous of other gods. The Greek gods had fits of sulks and family quarrels, and they were just as imperfect as mortals...''No,' I interrupted. 'I'm not thinking of a god whose imperfection arises out of the candor of his human creators, but one whose imperfection represents his essential characteristic: a god limited in his omniscience and power, fallible, incapable of foreseeing the consequences of his acts, and creating things that lead to horror. He is a...sick god, whose ambitions exceed his powers and who does not realize it at first. A god who has created clocks, but not the time they measure. He has created systems or mechanisms that serves specific ends but have now overstepped and betrayed them. And he has created eternity, which was to have measured his power, and which measures his unending defeat.'Snow hesitated, but his attitude no longer showed any of the wary reserve of recent weeks:'There was Manicheanism...''Nothing at all to do with the principles of Good and Evil,' I broke in immediately. 'This god has no existence outside of matter. He would like to free himself from matter, but he cannot...'Snow pondered for a while:'I don't know of any religion that answers your description. That kind of religion has never been...necessary. If i understand you, and I'm afraid I do, what you have in mind is an evolving god, who develops in the course of time, grows, and keeps increasing in power while remaining aware of his powerlessness. For your god, the divine condition is a situation without a goal. And understanding that, he despairs. But isn't this despairing god of yours mankind, Kelvin? Is it man you are talking about, and that is a fallacy, not just philosophically but also mystically speaking.'I kept on:'No, it's nothing to do with man. man may correspond to my provisional definition from some point of view, but that is because the definition has a lot of gaps. Man does not create gods, in spite of appearances. The times, the age, impose them on him. Man can serve is age or rebel against it, but the target of his cooperation or rebellion comes to him from outside. If there was only a since human being in existence, he would apparently be able to attempt the experiment of creating his own goals in complete freedom--apparently, because a man not brought up among other human beings cannot become a man. And the being--the being I have in mind--cannot exist in the plural, you see? ...Perhaps he has already been born somewhere, in some corner of the galaxy, and soon he will have some childish enthusiasm that will set him putting out one star and lighting another. We will notice him after a while...''We already have,' Snow said sarcastically. 'Novas and supernovas. According to you they are candles on his altar.''If you're going to take what I say literally...'...Snow asked abruptly:'What gave you this idea of an imperfect god?''I don't know. It seems quite feasible to me. That is the only god I could imagine believing in, a god whose passion is not a redemption, who saves nothing, fulfills no purpose--a god who simply is.
Sharad Nalawade, The Speed Of Time|You create reality by looking at it, is what Quantum Mechanics suggests. This may sound outrageously magical. Quantum Mechanics or QM, is the physics of the microscopic world. It is a strange theory that took birth in the early 20th century and continues to dazzle scientists and philosophers today. So much so, that QM is regarded as the gateway to the world of consciousness, bringing science and spiritualty together. Science has entered domain of philosophy and consciousness/spirituality through Quantum Mechanics, making it a hot topic for debate among intellectuals from both scientific and philosophical domains. Some physicists even insist on making philosophy of physics!
Judith Rodin|It's exciting to work with the kids so devoid of irony, so unguarded. And also terrifying.
Rachel Caine, All Hallows|I never imagined being undead would be so much work,” Jeff lamented.“Being a ‘vampire’ takes no work at all,” Timothy emphasized vampire. “It’s surviving that takes all the work.
Tim Tebow|I can make more generals, but horses cost money.
Debasish Mridha|The more I love, the more flowers bloom in my heart.
Franklin Gillette|Anything you imagine (inner world)will materialize into your life (outer world). It's speed of materializing is determined by how much feeling and trust you give it, and how well you are able to recognize when it appears. Awareness and Creation are inseparable.
Biju Karakkonam Nature and Wild life Photographer|When we are in the dark, true friends are like a ray of light from heaven.
Hlovate, Contengan Jalanan|Thinking, Garraty thought. That’s the day’s business. Thinking. Thinking and isolation, because it doesn’t matter if you pass the time of day with someone or not; in the end, you’re alone.
Sanchit Gupta, The Tree with a Thousand Apples|A good will is good not because of what it performs or effects, not by its aptness for the attainment of some proposed end, but simply by virtue of the volition - that is, it is good in itself, and considered by itself is to be esteemed much higher than all that can be brought about by it in favor of any inclination, nay, even of the sum-total of all inclinations... like a jewel, it would still shine by its own light, as a thing which has its whole value in itself.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game|If I do not believe as you believe, it proves that you do not believe as I believe, and that is all that it proves.
Betty Friedan, The Feminine Mystique|We have gone on too long blaming or pitying the mothers who devour their children, who sow the seeds of progressive dehumanization, because they have never grown to full humanity themselves. If the mother is at fault, why isn't it time to break the pattern by urging all these Sleeping Beauties to grow up and live their own lives? There never will be enough Prince Charmings or enough therapists to break that pattern now. It is society's job, and finally that of each woman alone. For it is not the strength of the mothers that is at fault but their weakness, their passive childlike dependency and immaturity that is mistaken for "femininity." Our society forces boys, insofar as it can, to grow up, to endure the pains of growth, to educate themselves to work, to move on. Why aren't girls forced to grow up - to achieve somehow the core of self that will end the unnecessary dilemma, the mistaken choice between femaleness and humanness that is implied in the feminine mystique?
Ortega y Gasset|That man is intellectually of the mass who, in face of any problem, is satisfied with thinking the first thing he finds in his head. On the contrary, the excellent man is he who contemns what he finds in his mind without previous effort, and only accepts as worthy of him what is still far above him and what requires a further effort in order to be reached.
Julie Connor, Dreams to Action Trailblazer's Guide|Be deliberate in your choices. We are created to do what we are called to do and what we are born to experience, not what we believe other people expect us to do. Your time is precious.
Courtney Kirchoff|I am offering you a real commitment— a place in my life forever. Even if our relationship ended, our tie to each other never would. Let me make you a vampire, Leila, and watch decades slide by like days while you’re by my side.
Roger Wolcott Sperry|If life is unfair with everyone, doesn’t that make life fair
Karisma Kapoor|Fitness of a top-class squash player is very important, and talent only can't do the job. They have to get training regularly for at least eight hours a day so that they could put some good show in a two-hour match.
Dennis Prager, Still the Best Hope: Why the World Needs American Values to Triumph|Those who value wisdom know that when you give people something for nothing, you produce ungrateful people; that when you obscure the differences between men and women, you end up with many aimless men and angry women; that when you give children “self-esteem” without their earning it, you produce narcissists who enter adulthood often incapable of empathy and of handling life; that if you do not destroy evil, it will proliferate; and that if you are kind to the cruel, you will end up being cruel to the kind. If you really want goodness to prevail, wisdom is a key to unlocking it. The heart is not.
Paloma Faith|Politicians talk about wage equality, but my father has made it a practice at his company throughout his entire career. He will fight for equal pay for equal work, and I will fight for this, too, right along side of him.
Maryum Ahsam|Prayer is the best way to face any problem, to crush every fear and to release every pain
Stephen King, Finders Keepers|preserve my sanity, for to this I am reduced. Safety and the assurance of safety are things of the past. Whilst I live on here there is but one thing to hope for, that I may not go mad, if, indeed, I be not mad already. If I be sane, then surely it is maddening to think that of all the foul things that lurk in this hateful place.
Brian Spellman, Cartoonist's Book Camp|I learned to smile, avoiding happiness advice.
Louise Brown|As an actor, I've grown considerably. It's taken me years to get comfortable doing a romantic scene and dancing on stage in front of a live audience. I've really opened up a lot.
Bill Gates|Life is not fair, get used to it
Anne Holm, Peter|If it must be done, it's best done bravely.
Suzanne M. Wolfe, The Confessions of X|This thing, growing inside and filling her breasts with promise, this thing was the same as her. It matched her better than anything or anyone she'd known.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A choice is an act of god, malevolent or loving is your will, free until conflicting with others who share this power, a true collision of good and evil.
Ellen J. Barrier|To set goals and pursue them, we must have a desire to dream of things some would think to be impossible.
Stephen Richards|When we give up the chase, we give up our wishing.
Steven Magee|People who work out are so gullible. They think they'll live longer. Well, good luck to them. It's a shame most of them aren't bright enough to realise that the extra time added to their life when they're eighty and too old to do anything productive with it is roughly equal to all the time wasted in the gym when they're young and capable of having fun.
Alister E. McGrath, If I Had Lunch with C.S. Lewis: Exploring the Ideas of C.S. Lewis on the Meaning of Life|Human reason reduced to its own resources is perfectly worthless, not only for creating but also for preserving any political or religious association, because it only produces disputes, and, to conduct himself well, man needs not problems but beliefs. His cradle should be surrounded by dogmas, and when his reason is awakened, it should find all his opinions ready-made, at least all those relating to his conduct. Nothing is so important to him as prejudices, Let us not take this word in a bad sense. It does not necessarily mean false ideas, but only, in the strict sense of the word, opinions adopted before any examination. Now these sorts of opinions are man’s greatest need, the true elements of his happiness, and the Palladium of empires. Without them, there can be neither worship, nor morality, nor government. There must be a state religion just as there is a state policy; or, rather, religious and political dogmas must be merged and mingled together to form a complete common or national reason strong enough to repress the aberrations of individual reason, which of its nature is the mortal enemy of any association whatever because it produces only divergent opinions. All known nations have been happy and powerful to the extent that they have more faithfully obeyed this national reason, which is nothing other than the annihilation of individual dogmas and the absolute and general reign of national dogmas, that is to say, of useful prejudices. Let each man call upon his individual reason in the matter of religion, and immediately you will see the birth of an anarchy of belief or the annihilation of religious sovereignty. Likewise, if each man makes himself judge of the principles of government, you will at once see the birth of civil anarchy or the annihilation of political sovereignty. Government is a true religion: it has its dogmas, its mysteries, and its ministers. To annihilate it or submit it to the discussion of each individual is the same thing; it lives only through national reason, that is to say through political faith, which is a creed. Man’s first need is that his nascent reason be curbed under this double yoke, that it be abased and lose itself in the national reason, so that it changes its individual existence into another common existence, just as a river that flows into the ocean always continues to exist in the mass of water, but without a name and without a distinct reality.
Roman Abramovich|From the Twitter responses we got with 'Best Friends Forever' and the small feedback we are getting as the show is meted out, I think people are seeing themselves in the show and enjoying seeing female friendship portrayed in the way it really is.
Brenda Perlin|I could only defend myself so much. It was my word against his. There was no evidence, nor was there any proof. My word meant very little.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Acheron|It's easy to look at people and make quick judgements about them, their present and their pasts, but you'd be amazed at the pain and tears a single smile hides. what a person shows to the world is only one tiny facet of the iceburg hidden from sight. And more often then not, it's lined with cracks and scars that go all the way to the foundation of their soul.
Tim Daly|I've come to learn that what really matters is the relationship, the quality of the relationship.
Cristina Saralegui|Our greatness has always come from people who expect nothing and take nothing for granted - folks who work hard for what they have, then reach back and help others after them.
Robert Louis Stevenson|If your knees aren't green by the end of the day, you ought to seriously re-examine your life.
Robert Mugabe|The vision that the founding fathers had of rule of law and equality before the law and no one above the law, that is a very viable vision, but instead of that, we have quasi mob rule.
Gates McFadden|I wanted a real profession. And I'd always been interested in architecture and in design and in, really, what makes things work. And understanding what's kind of behind the walls and why things stand up and some things don't.
Nina Killham, How to Cook a Tart|t smells in. Let the smell of hot tarmac in the summer remind you of a meal you ate the first time you landed in a hot place, when the ground smelled like it was melting. Let the smell of salt remind you of a paper basket of fried clams you ate once, squeezing them with lemon as you walked on a boardwalk. Let it reach your deeper interest. When you smell the sea, and remember the basket of hot fried clams, and the sound of skee-balls knocking against each other, let it help you love what food can do, which is to tie this moment to that one. Then something about the wind off the sea will have settled in your mind, and carried the fried clams and squeeze of a lemon with it.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|We sit for a few more moments, although there's really nothing left to say. This is new to me, too, an entire conversation that takes place in silence, because the heart has its own language. I will remember what Eric says even though he doesn't say a word. I will tell it to her.
Orson Scott Card|How old are you, anyway?""How old are you?""Seventeen."I raise a brow."Almost. I'll be seventeen in two weeks. You?"Part of me doesn't want to tell her. She'll be horrified. But part of me wants to know what she will do when she knows the truth. "How old do you think I am?"She lifts a slender shoulder. "At first I thought maybe eighteen, but now I'm thinking at least nineteen. Maybe even twenty?""why's that?""You seem very ... experienced."I nod. "You're close. Today's my birthday. I'm thirteen.
Sarah Parcak|I listen to Ustad Vilayat Khan's 'Raga Khamaj' and 'Raga Jaijaiwanti' virtually every morning, a lot of Abdullah Ibrahim, Michael Kiwanuka, Savages, and contemporary Ugandan pop.
Helen Simonson, Major Pettigrew's Last Stand|I miss being a student," said Abdul Wahid. "I miss the passionate discussions with my friends, and most of all the hours among the books.
Stephen King, The Green Mile|I'm rightly tired of the pain I hear and feel, boss. I'm tired of bein on the road, lonely as a robin in the rain. Not never havin no buddy to go on with or tell me where we's comin from or goin to or why. I'm tired of people bein ugly to each other. It feels like pieces of glass in my head. I'm tired of all the times I've wanted to help and couldn't. I'm tired of bein in the dark. Mostly it's the pain. There's too much. If I could end it, I would. But I can't.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|You really have no idea what other people are going through in their personal life so just be kind, it's that simple.
Stephen Bannon|Customers are a great way to finance a business for many reasons. First, customer financing is typically non dilutive. They want something from you other than equity in your business. Customers also help you fit your product to the market. And customers will help debug and improve the quality of the product.
Ian Rankin, Knots and Crosses|The ideological blackmail that has been in place since the original Live Aid concerts in 1985 has insisted that ‘caring individuals’ could end famine directly, without the need for any kind of political solution or systemic reorganization. It is necessary to act straight away, we were told; politics has to be suspended in the name of ethical immediacy. Bono’s Product Red brand wanted to dispense even with the philanthropic intermediary. ‘Philanthropy is like hippy music, holding hands’, Bono proclaimed. ‘Red is more like punk rock, hip hop, this should feel like hard commerce’. The point was not to offer an alternative to capitalism - on the contrary, Product Red’s ‘punk rock’ or ‘hip hop’ character consisted in its ‘realistic’ acceptance that capitalism is the only game in town. No, the aim was only to ensure that some of the proceeds of particular transactions went to good causes. The fantasy being that western consumerism, far from being intrinsically implicated in systemic global inequalities, could itself solve them. All we have to do is buy the right products.
Ortega y Gasset|To spoil means to put no limit on caprice, to give one the impression that everything is permitted to him and that he has no obligations. The young child exposed to this regime has no experience of its own limits. By reason of the removal of all external restraint, all clashing with other things, he comes actually to believe that he is the only one that exists, and gets used to not considering others, especially not considering them as superior to himself. This feeling of another's superiority could only be instilled into him by someone who, being stronger than he is, should force him to give up some desire, to restrict himself, to restrain himself. He would then have learned this fundamental discipline: "Here I end and here begins another more powerful than I am. In the world, apparently, there are two people: I myself and another superior to me.
Arzum Uzun|Standing is stupid, Crawling's a curse, Skipping is silly,Walking is worse.Hopping is hopeless,Jumping's a chore,Sitting is senseless, Leaning's a bore.Running's ridiculous,Jogging's insane-Guess I'll go upstairs andLie down again.
Mark A. Cooper, Archie Wilson & The Nuckelavee|I wonder why Steven wasn’t at swimming club tonight?” Archie asked.	“He’s caught bronchitis,” Mrs Akran said.	Imran thought for a second before replying. “I would like to catch a dinosaur too. I wonder what he feeds it?”	Archie looked at his friend his face looked as if he was in pain before he burst out laughing. “Imran you’re tragic. Bronchitis is like a bad cold it’s not a type of dinosaur.
Jim Andrews|Surprising choice proves hardest to come by. Most choices, even the disastrous ones, are predictable.
Carre Otis|In Nicaragua, liberty, equality and the rule of law were the stuff of dreams. But in Paris I discovered the value of those words.
Ha Jin|I had intended to visit the haunting ground of my school days. Subconsciously I wanted to be in a place where anxiety, responsibility and financial burden had yet to surface.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|When you are living in the present, you know what's important now for you and you act on that knowing.
Lee  Winter, The Red Files|You know all those times you just don't dare to dream? You tell yourself it'll only end badly. Why hurt yourself for no reason? And after a while you teach yourself to not dream at all?""No, I always dream. The bigger, the better.
Katie McGarry, Pushing the Limits|Somehow, I think God will forgive her. If not, eh, Hell has better parties anyway.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|If there are "Infinite Dimensions" then there would be infinite alternaterealities, and if there are infinite alternate realities we would existin almost all of them that would make all of us omnipresent.And if anyone of those beings was connected with all knowledge in all the realities they would fall under what most call a God..
Rozonda Thomas|I am a Christian person, and I do love the Lord, and I feel no matter who you are, what you believe, how you live your life, it's not my place to judge. I don't have that power. I don't want that power. It's my place to love and to show God's love to other people, even if they don't live a life like I live.
Barbara Kingsolver|If we can't, as artists, improve on real life, we should put down our pencils and go bake bread.
Debasish Mridha|Fall in love again and again.In life, love is the currency, spend it as much you can for an enormous gain.
Luke Rhinehart, The Dice Man|A journey of self-discovery is never pointless, Prince Zuko. However dim your path may seem, and however far you may wander from it...the important thing is that you learn from all of your mistakes along the way and never forget for one moment who you are, or what you are struggling to be.
Harlan Ellison|Whoever controls the media, controls the mind
Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night|I understood, not with my intellect but with my whole being, that no theories of the rationality of existence or of progress could justify such an act; I realized that even if all the people in the world from the day of creation found this to be necessary according to whatever theory, I knew that it was not necessary and that it was wrong. Therefore, my judgments must be based-on what is right and necessary and not on what people say and do; I must judge not according to progress but according to my own heart.
Terry Pratchett, The Light Fantastic|I guess sometimes the greatest memories are made in the most unlikely of places, further proof that spontaneity is more rewarding than a meticulously planned life.
Donna Lynn Hope|Would to God we were all Christians who profess to be Christians, and that we lived up to what we profess. Then would the Christian shine forth “clear as the sun, fair as the moon,” and what besides—why, “amazing as an army withbanners”! A consistent Church is an amazing Church—an honest, upright Church would shake the world! The tramp ofgodly men is the tramp of heroes; these are the thundering legions that sweep everything before them. The men that arewhat they profess to be, hate the semblance of a lie—whatever shape it wears—and would sooner die than do that which is dishonest, or that which would be degrading to the glory of a Heaven-born race, and to the honor of Him by whose name they have been called! O Christians! You will be the world’s contempt; you will be their despising, and hissing unless you live for one objective!
Oliver North, Counterfeit Lies|There are corrupted Muslims who have become Christians, and corrupted Christians who have become Muslims. They called it freedom of religion.
William H. Gass|The reader, the booklover, must meet his own needs without paying too much attention to what his neighbors say those needs should be.
Cornelius Vanderbilt|If one can stick to the training throughout the many long years, then will power is no longer a problem. It's raining? That doesn't matter. I am tired? That's besides the point. It's simply that I just have to.
Joe Abercrombie, Last Argument of Kings|One act presses upon another, on a path we have no choice but to follow, and each time there are reasons. We do what we must, we do what we are told, we do what is easiest. What else can we do but solve one sordid problem at a time? Then we look up and find... this.
Cormac McCarthy|Without the communist oppression, I am absolutely sure I would now be a local stupid professor of philosophy in Ljubljana.
Josephine Daskam Bacon|We ain't giving up," I said. "We done gone this far.
Debasish Mridha|If you love everyone, how will you ever find an enemy?
Chief Oduduwa|I am Cheif Oduduwa. I can cast a spell on your behalf regarding a relationship, your financial situation, future events, or whatever is important to you. I have the power and I use the power. I can change the course of your destiny. Contact me and I shall cast a spell for you. Tell me what it is you want and I shall go about my work. Is it someone or something you desire to have? Do you want wealth, or happiness, or a mate E.T.C.Lost lover specialist 1. We bring back lost lover 2. Do you want to win your loved one 3. We help single people to find partners 4. Do you want to be married? 5. Love attraction 6. Married problems & Divorce 8. Love portion 9. Have a straight friend that you want? The i can help you outAll these done in 1 - 7 Days, Privacy place strictly confidential Result 100% Guaranteed and i have divine powers that enable you to connect to your forefathers or ancestors to give you guidance in life and enable you to change the course of your destiny To inquire about my services, contact me by phone, e-mail. I will be happy to assist you 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. For an immediate response please contact me by Email: cheifoduduwa@gmail.comChief Oduduwa
George Washington|There is no liberty, save wisdom and self-control. Liberty is within--not without. It is each man's own affair.
Monks of New Skete, In The Spirit of Happiness: A Book of Spiritual Wisdom|Life never seems to prepare us sufficiently for epiphanies. ... they are not magical intrusions from another world, but reality, naked, and without shame.
Charbel Tadros|Anyone can put a price on knowledge - schools and universities do it all the time, but no one can put a price on wisdom for it can neither be bought nor sold. It should be given and accepted with no ulterior motives.
Dean Koontz, Forever Odd|This isn't a reasoned response to a configuration of stars, but the heart cannot flourish on logic alone. Unreason is an essential medicine as long as you don't overdose
Wilhelm Reich, The Mass Psychology of Fascism|... I am done being in love with you." "Why?""I am in love with someone else. Someone who needs it more than you." "Who?" "Me.
Ron Reagan|I fed my yak on my spare Cadbury chocolate 21,0000ft up Everest. It was a blonde, very sweet female yak. I made it my pet after that.
Virat Kohli|Food that's served at the table in a paper parcel always creates a remarkable culinary moment when opened, because the package is full of aromatic steam from the lightly cooked ingredients inside.
Debasish Mridha|You may not be able to find love, but if you give, you will get it back in return.
Paula Heller Garland|Perfection is something everyone strives for, but it’s elusive and may be an illusion.
Steven Magee|Yay, science.
Allen Smith|In order to be really good as a librarian, everything counts towards your work, every play you go see, every concert you hear, every trip you take, everything you read, everything you know. I don’t know of another occupation like that. The more you know, the better you’re going to be.
James Baldwin, Notes of a Native Son|You can not describe anything without betraying your point of view, your aspirations, your fears, your hopes. Everything.
Martin Luther, On Christian Liberty|Most people catch their presuppositions from their family and surrounding society, the way that a child catches the measles. But people with understanding realize that their presuppositions should be *chosen* after a careful consideration of which worldview is true.
Anne Rice, Memnoch the Devil|The critical question for our generation—and for every generation—is this: If you could have heaven, with no sickness, and with all thefriends you ever had on earth, and all the food you ever liked, andall the leisure activities you ever enjoyed, and all the natural beautiesyou ever saw, all the physical pleasures you ever tasted, and nohuman conflict or any natural disasters, could you be satisfied withheaven, if Christ were not there? 
Linus Torvalds|Politics organizes our lives. We can't disregard it. Politics has lot of muck, lot of dirt. But that doesn't mean you have to be away from it. It's ubiquitous.
Thomas Hardy, Tess of the D'Urbervilles|Tess was awake before dawn — at the marginal minute of the dark when the grove is still mute, save for one prophetic bird who sings with a clear-voiced conviction that he at least knows the correct time of day, the rest preserving silence as if equally convinced that he is mistaken.
Amy Carmichael|And shall I pray Thee change Thy will, my Father,Until it be according unto mine?But, no, Lord, no, that never shall be, ratherI pray Thee blend my human will with Thine.I pray Thee hush the hurrying, eager longing,I pray Thee soothe the pangs of keen desire—See in my quiet places, wishes thronging—Forbid them, Lord, purge, though it be with fire.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|I took care of the next guy in line while I checked out the girl who was boxing up a pecan pie and decorating it with some sort of fancy ribbon. Watching her wouldnâ€™t be a hardship. She made the retro waitress uniform look good. If she looked as good from the front as she did from the back, maybe I would ask her out.She turned around and handed the box to the customer at the counter and my world turned sideways. It was Delia. My little sisterâ€™s annoying best friend. The girl who was practically a member of my family. When had she become hot? I blinked, hoping maybe Iâ€™d seen wrong. Nope. Same blonde hair with hot pink stripes, which Iâ€™d always thought was stupid. Now, wearing the Pie Princess tiara and some sort of glittery lip gloss she looked wild and kind of sexy. And that was just wrong.
Kirsten Dunst|I didn't appreciate the young woman that I was, or my young beauty, because I was so obsessed with the fact that I felt fat. It's never good to add to anybody else's suffering. It's an important topic to really get the gravity and the importance of - dealing with dignity.
Téa Obreht, The Tiger's Wife|Taking his time, as though he has all of it in the world, in the universe, from the days when tales meant more than they do now, but perhaps less than they will someday, he draws a breath that releases the tangled knot of words in his heart, and they fall from his lips effortlessly."The circus arrives without warning.
Jessica Goodell, Shade It Black: Death and After in Iraq|I knew that these people on their way to work or home or dinner had no idea what it was they were supporting. They did not have a clue as to what war was like. What it made people see, and what it made them do to each other. I felt as though I didn't deserve their support, or anyone's, for what I had done. No one should ever support the activities in which I had participated. No one should ever support the people who do such things. (...) They were uninformed but good people. The kind whose respect we would welcome if it was based upon something true. It was when we were around them that we had to hide the actual truth most consciously. It wasn't enough to not mention the war or being a veteran, because they'd bring it up. The civilians we were most anxious around, and therefore tended the most to avoid, were exactly those good citizens who thought they were helping us.
Alicia Cook, Stuff I've Been Feeling Lately|It’s one thing to have a support system in your lifeto cheer you on during the instances wheneveryone is rooting for you. However, it’s anotherthing entirely to look back in your darkestmoments and still see them standing in yourcorner, encouraging you to stay in the ring andFIGHT, when the odds aren’t in your favor and allyou want to do is throw in the towel.Not many people in this life will be on your sideeven when they aren’t on your side. Even less whomomentarily will slam doors out of frustration butnever actually lock you out.Unconditional love; the definition of sister.
Mada Eliza Dalian, In Search of the Miraculous|When finally substantiated by scientific means, such a view will allow an individual to see his place in the world with greater clarity-- how he came from the world and how he may contribute to his fellows while he enjoys for a brief time the privilege of consciousness and communication.
Kenzie Cade, Trapped|Within the scope of universal time, it seems I’ll be dead a whole lot longer than I’ll be alive. So while I’m here, I will not worship death; I’ll worship life. I’ll live life to the fullest… victories, losses, successes, mistakes, love, and hurt… I’ll live and learn to the fullest; without apology.
Nikki Rowe|Re-programming your mind, body & spirit is like planting a garden, if the soil isn't right nothing will grow.
Megan Maldonado, Royal Bond|Ray is going to fly you out and the plan is to meet up in two hours."She sighed. "I despise Vamp Air, but I guess it can't be helped. I can't even think about the amount of bugs that will be caught in my teeth over these swamplands.""Well, maybe it would help if you just keep your mouth shut---
Erwin Schrödinger, My View of the World|It was said by Epicurus, and he was probably right, that all philosophy takes its origin from philosophical wonder. The man who has never at any time felt consciously struck by the extreme strangeness and oddity of the situation in which we are involved, we know not how, is a man with no affinity for philosophy - and has, by the way, little cause to worry. The unphilosophical and philosophical attitudes can be very sharply distinguished (with scarcely any intermediate forms) by the fact that the first accepts everything that happens as regards its general form, and finds occasion for surprise only in that special content by which something that happens here today differs from what happened there yesterday; whereas for the second, it is precisely the common features of all experience, such as characterise everything we encounter, which are the primary and most profound occasion for astonishment; indeed, one might almost say that it is the fact that anything is experienced and encounter at all.
Val Uchendu|Cherish simple things such as family, friends and love, because great things appear simple from far away. Place your simple things in the best light; there's enough sunshine for all of them
David Levithan, Every Day|Change is actually what you need to avoid.Assimilation is much more joyful than conformity,when you try to change you try to fit yourself to other people's standards.You deny your own values and opinions, and you adopt a personality that isn't you.And most likely you will be more uncomfortable even though it may seem like you fit in more, i would suggest you not to change. Just be yourself, the way you are.Because that's what makes you different and distinguishable and unique from every other individual.
K. D. Miller, All Saints|Many of the gay Christians I was in conversation with were not demanding wholesale movement to a fully affirming and inclusive stance. There were those who were uncertain of such a stance even for themselves. What they did desire was space, a safe space without judgment, accusation, condemnation, assumption, and rejection. They desired a generous spaciousness to embrace authentic faith while engaging the quest for an honest, godly, and fulfilling life as a gay person.
Kresley Cole|On the same line of reasoning, if Australians were to be Australians, or rather if Australians were as separate from any other nation as Australia from any other land, there would be no jealousy between them on England's account.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|When you have nothing to say, say nothing.
Todd M. Brenneman, Homespun Gospel: The Triumph of Sentimentality in Contemporary American Evangelicalism|Notice that “love thy neighbor” - a wildly popular piece of wisdom found in the Bible - is a command. Jesus is commanding us to love. Now, Jesus understood that emotions and feelings cannot be commanded; they cannot be controlled. He must be saying that love isn’t the way you feel about someone, it’s the way your treat someone. Love isn’t something that happens to you, it’s something that you make happen. It’s a choice.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|Just because you're beautiful and perfect, it's made you conceited.
N.T. Wright, Justification: God's Plan & Paul's Vision|True freedom is the gift of the Spirit, the result of grace: but, precisely because it is freedom FOR as well as freedom FROM, it isn't simply a matter of being forced now to be good, against our wills and without our cooperation, but a matter of being released from slavery precisely into responsibility, into being able at last to choose, to exercise moral muscle, knowing both that one is doing it oneself and that the Spirit is at work within, that God himself is doing that which I too am doing.
Melody  Lee|Don't say it doesn't make sense then tell me you feel your spine curve and chill humps rise all over your skin. That's all the sense it needs to make. That's what it's supposed to do. That's poetry darling; you feel it in your noes, it chills your skin-- poetry speaks to your soul, it burns within.
Esmeralda Santiago, When I Was Puerto Rican|I dressed to their murmurs in the other room, their voices soft but strained, and I wondered if men ever talked like this, if their sorrows ever spilled into these secret cadences.
Machel Shull|For example, if you think you are a certain way as a person and that is just who you are and you don't have the power to change, that will become true for you. Whatever image, thoughts or words you continuously play in your conscious mind, your soul (subconscious) will believe. So think the best. Suggest the best.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|Oh! Be men, or be more than men. Be steady to your purposes and firm as a rock. This ice is not made of such stuff as your hearts may be; it is mutable and cannot withstand you if you say that it shall not. Do not return to your families with the stigma of disgrace marked on your brows. Return as heroes who have fought and conquered, and who know not what it is to turn their backs on the foe.
Michael Benzehabe|Diplomacy is so weak and prosaic. Diplomacy must never become an end, itself. Facts are so much more important in science. Yet, I'm beginning to appreciate the value of a soft word and a smile. --Unassimilated pg 294
Sergey Shcherbatyuk|Confidence, just like success, is self made.
Misty Kayn, Alien Fae Mate|What happened?""I f***ed Titan.""Ah.""Actually, it was more like 'Yes, please, may I have another?
Russ Shafer-Landau|One salutary development in recent ethical theorizing is the widespread recognition that no short argument will serve to eliminate any of the major metaethical positions. Such theories have to weave together views in semantics, epistemology, moral psychology and metaphysics. The comprehensive, holistic character of much recent theorizing suggests the futility of fastening on just a single sort of argument to refute a developed version of realism or antirealism. No one any longer thinks that ethical naturalism can be undermined in a single stroke by the open question argument, or that appeal to the descriptive semantics of moral discourse is sufficient to refute noncognitivism.
Jet Li|Home schooled children frequently combine for many purposes - and they interact well. The growth of the home schooling movement means that more and more children are learning together, just not in a traditional classroom.
Julie Anne Long, Like No Other Lover|Thingumy and Bob sighed contentedly and settled down to contemplate the precious stone. They stared in silent rapture at it.The ruby changed colour all the time. At first it was quite pale, and then suddenly a pink glow would flow over it like sunrise on a snow capped mountain -- and then again crimson flames shot out of its heart and it seemed like a great black tulip with stamens on fire.
Louis L'Amour|I think it's important to always keep professional and surround yourself with good people, work hard, and be nice to everyone.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah|We have undoubtedly achieved Pakistan, and that too without bloody war, practically peacefully, by moral and intellectual force, and with the power of the pen, which is no less mighty than that of the sword and so our righteous cause has triumphed. Are we now going to besmear and tarnish this greatest achievement for which there is no parallel in the history of the world? Pakistan is now a fait accompli and it can never be undone, besides, it was the only just, honourable, and practical solution of the most complex constitutional problem of this great subcontinent. Let us now plan to build and reconstruct and regenerate our great nation...
Monique Martin, Out of Time|Whenever I'm with you it's as though someone has reached inside my chest, until the pain is almost more than I can bear. And when I'm not with you, I'd give anything to feel that way again." He heaved a deep sigh and continued. "But I...I couldn't go another day as I was.""And who are you now?" she asked."A man hopelessly in love with you.
James Morcan, The Orphan Conspiracies: 29 Conspiracy Theories from The Orphan Trilogy|The winner takes all mindset at the root of capitalism is a poison if left unchecked. That’s not to say capitalism is bad per sē, or that a more refined version of it cannot work effectively. Nor does it mean the world should move toward socialism or communism, which have both proven throughout history to be just as disastrous. But surely the world’s recent financial catastrophes and the bankrupting of individuals, families, small businesses, communities and entire nations, must make even the most ardent capitalist examine his or her beliefs.
Janette Rallison, My Fair Godmother|Anisette! You will eat your food, not demonstrate aerial warfare across the table with it.
Buffi Neal|Life is going to beat you up, it wouldn't be fair if you didn't throw some punches back at it
Lailah Gifty Akita|We belong together in love, in faith and in spirit.
Ross Cheit|All crimes, all hatreds, all wars can be reduced to unhappiness.
Bob Proctor|Money will make you more of what you already are. If you're not a nice person, money's going to make you a despicable individual. If you're a good person, money's going to make you a better person.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|Now, Max, I have told you many times that you are my publisher, and permanently, as far as one can fling about the word in this too mutable world....The idea of leaving you has never for one single moment entered my head.
Heather Vogel Frederick|I'm gonna be percy Jackson when I grow up," she told Hazel solemnly.Hazel Smiled and ruffled her hair. "That's a good thing to be, Julia.""Although," Frank said. "Frank Zhang would be good too.
Daniel Black, The Coming|The pain of what happened next lives in our collective memory. It mauls our souls each day. Yet it must be told. Silence guarantees no healing. It promises that the child's life would be forgotten and that its mission might, one day, be thought significant. Silence is the enemy of history, and history is all we have.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Humanity is a huge aggregate lie, and a huge lie is less than a small truth. Humanity is less, far less than the individual because the individual may sometimes be capable of truth, and humanity is a tree of lies. And they say that love is greatest thing, they persist in saying this, the foul liars, and just look at what they do (...It's a lie to say that love is greatest, what people want is hate - hate, and nothing but hate. And in the name of righteousness and love they get it...If we want hate, let us have it - death, murder, torture, violent destruction- let us have it: but not in the name of love.
Solitaire Parke|Blessings can be in disguise, so pay attention!
Christina Lauren, Beautiful Bastard|What the hell do I have to do to get your attention? Do I need to get up there?” I throw an arm toward the stage. His eyes swell for just a second, in shock. He reaches forward to hold my hands, but he catches himself in time and instead folds them across his chest. “Believe me, you have my full attention.
Elizabeth E. Castillo|...if you're an artist, you've submitted to authority...
Stefan Emunds|Arguing is a waste of time, because our attitudes need a quantum leap, not our knowledge. Arguing is a sport at best and a bad attitude at worst.
Robert Morgan|I love to compare different time frames. Poetry can evoke the time of the subject. By a very careful choice of words you can evoke an era, completely throw the poem into a different time scale.
Sasha Tenodi, Be Your Better Self: A Hands on Approach to Become Who You Always Wanted to Be|Most people delay an activity because they are waiting for the right moment, for the moment when the situation will be ripe or they will possess the perfect strategy for accomplishing something…in other word...NEVER.
Patricia Murphy|I wasn’t always a demon.My name is Maggie Frew, and I grew up a simple human girl in suburban Iowa. I don’t carry a pitchfork, or have a forked tail. I’m not a creature from Hell. I’m a political campaign manager. Though, I guess some people might argue those are the same thing.
Anthony Horowitz, Magpie Murders|As far as I'm concerned, you can't beat a good whodunnit: the twists and turns, the clues and the red herrings and then, finally, the satisfaction of having everything explained to you in a way that makes you kick yourself because you hadn't seen it from the start.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|She was not stunned, the way I was. In some strange way she was gleeful, as if this was what she had been expecting for some time and now she'd been proven right.
Langston Hughes|Looks like it's time to liven up this dead little town!" - Saint Dane (The Reality Bug)
Mohammed Mushtaq GK|... "you'd better go first or you'd better go last. No one will remember what come in the middle."- "So what's the point of the middle than?" I asked. "If everyone only remembers the beginning and the end?"-"Without the middle, being first or last means nothing."The middle gave the rest its meaning.Like life, maybe. People were born and then they died. Everyone remembers those events. But without the life in between...
Zack Love, Sex in the Title: A Comedy about Dating, Sex, and Romance in NYC|You know... the word "homeless", gives you this very negative image. A filthy raggedy hobo... it's no good. It's too demeaning of a word if you ask me. It's just not politically correct enough... If it were up to me, I'd rather we be called "residentially challenged
George Orwell, 1984|The essential act of war is destruction, not necessarily of human lives, but of the products of human labour. War is a way of shattering to pieces, or pouring into the stratosphere, or sinking in the depths of the sea, materials which might otherwise be used to make the masses too comfortable, and hence, in the long run, too intelligent.
Dana Marton, Deathwish|I learned from a tough Philly cop, Carmen Morales. She taught me the rules."	"What rules?"	"Rule #1: Trust no one. Rule #2: Miss nothing. Rule #3: Reveal nothing. Rule #4: Question everything. Rule #5: Eye on the clock. Rule #6: Get lucky. Rule #7: Trust your instincts.	"Good rules to live by. The army has rules too."	"I bet.
Mehmet Murat ildan|JACK: I will be back in a few moments, dear Canon. Gwendolen! Wait here for me!GWENDOLEN: If you are not too long, I will wait here for you all my life.
Andrea Randall, In the Stillness|I just...I've fantasized about peace and quiet for so long, dreamt about being left alone...but when the TV was off, and the sun was down...I'm in a full sob right now. I've just never felt so alone, and I couldn't take it.
Dick Van Dyke, My Lucky Life in and Out of Show Business|Life is what we made out of it's self, to fall into the darkest of them all and to be able to knock on the door of hell is the only one way ticket to a better understanding of oneself and a better person to life.
Robin Bielman, Keeping Mr. Right Now|She maneuvered onto the board, getting into position on her stomach just like he'd taught, and tried not to freak out. She never should have watched Shark Week last year.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|Nourish your reasoning skills my friend, they are the most effective tool you can ever have in the path of progress.
|To give your dream an honest try, is to persist and persevere for however long that it would take for it to meet its point of reality.
Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability|But if you forgive someone for something they did to you, it doesn’t mean you agree with what they did or believe it was right. Forgiving that person means you have chosen not to dwell on the matter anymore; you have moved on with your life.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Knowledge makes you strong,wisdom makes you powerful,and love makes you invincible.
Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark|Often, superstition and injustice are imposed by the same ecclesiastical and secular authorities, working hand in glove. It is no surprise that political revolutions, scepticism about religion, and the rise of science might go together,
Michael Chabon, Gentlemen of the Road|[A]dventures befall the unadventurous as readily, if not as frequently, as the bold. Adventures are a logical and reliable result - and have been since at least the time of Odysseus - of the fatal act of leaving one's home, or trying to return to it again. All adventures happen in that damned and magical space, wherever it may be found or chanced upon, which least resembles one's home. As soon as you have crossed your doorstep or the county line, into that place where the structures, laws, and conventions of your upbringing no longer apply, where the support and approval (but also the disapproval and repression) of your family and neighbors are not to be had: then you have entered into adventure, a place of sorrow, marvels, and regret.
Rohit Gore, A Darker Dawn|The real reason for Father Braganza's laughter was the history of Amrapur. It was a quaint town, nestled amidst barren mountains. The Hindus and Muslims living there were perpetually warring with each other, reacting violently at the slightest provocation. It had started a long time ago, this squabble, and had escalated into a terrible war. Some people say it started centuries ago, but many believe it started when the country gave one final, fierce shrug to rid itself of British rule. The shrug quickly became a relentless shuddering, and countless people were uprooted and flung into the air. Many didn't survive. Perhaps the mountains of Amrapur absorbed the deracinating wave. People weren't cruelly plucked from the town. They remained there, festering, becoming irate and harbouring murderous desires. And while the country was desperately trying to heal its near-mortal wounds and move on, Amrapur's dormant volcano erupted. Momentary and overlooked, but devastating. Leaders emerged on both sides and, driven by greed, they fed off the town's ignored bloodshed. They created ravines out of cracks, fostered hatred and grew richer. The Bhoite family, the erstwhile rulers of the ancient town, adopted the legacy of their British rulers---divide and conquer.
Tommy Chong|Medicine to produce health must examine disease; and music, to create harmony must investigate discord.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|FLIES IN DISGUISETell me,Have youReally seenFlies in a child's eyesOr heard their hungry criesIn the middleOf the night?Don't lie.You can protest all you wantAbout peaceAnd genocide,But unless you are willingTo take beatings for your fights,Your display of trendy showmanshipSimply ain't right.Go on,Carry your useless signsAbout an issue the worldAlready abhors,But it's TRUEHeartfelt actionsThat will preventSuits andSenatorsFrom creatingAny more wars.
Eric Schmidt|If you're insulting people on the internet, you must be ugly on the inside.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|The way in which a man accepts his fate and all the suffering it entails, the way in which he takes up his cross, gives him ample opportunity—even under the most difficult circumstances—to add a deeper meaning to his life. It may remain brave, dignified and unselfish. Or in the bitter fight for self-preservation he may forget his human dignity and become no more than an animal. Here lies the chance for a man either to make use of or to forgo the opportunities of attaining the moral values that a difficult situation may afford him.
Christina Queen of Sweden|I say this explicitly, that it is impossible for me to marry. That is the way it is for me. My temper is a mortal enemy to this horrible yoke, which I would not accept, even if I thus would become the ruler of the world.
Hannah Kent, The Good People|Our judgments betray our expectations, and our expectations betray our experience. What we project about the future reveals a lot—about the world we live in, and about our own past.
Ed Galisewski, A Simpler Faith: Hope For Those Who Struggle With Church|Addressing the concept of man made additions to the faith - “These additions-standards, practices, and allegiances supposedly created for our spiritual beneﬁt-have had the opposite effect.
Robert Tew|In the midst of your struggles, you WILL find a reason to keep going. Don’t give up!
Debasish Mridha|Was it the happiest day of our lives? Probably not, if only because the truly happy days tend not to involve so much organisation, are rarely so public or so expensive. The happy ones sneak up, unexpected.
Mark McKinnon|Uncontrolled, the hunger and thirst after God may become an obstacle, cutting off the soul from what it desires. If a man would travel far along the mystic road, he must learn to desire God intensely but in stillness, passively and yet with all his heart and mind and strength.
S.J. Perelman|You'll have to leave my meals on a tray outside the door because I'll beworking pretty late on the secret of making myself invisible, which may take me almost until eleven o'clock.
kent Ian N. Cny|He swallowed hard and looked deep into my eyes so intensely, I tried hard not to look away. I didn’t want him to see how mildly scared of him I was. I touched the hand in his lap and he answered.
John Cheever, The Stories of John Cheever|The USA states that it can put a man on the moon. I have a hard time believing this, as it is quite clear that they cannot build a simple electrical system that does not make people sick in large numbers!
Jeff Hobbs, The Short and Tragic Life of Robert Peace: A Brilliant Young Man Who Left Newark for the Ivy League|PS…… confused from where you should start planning……. !! Well, start from who you are, where you are and how you are.
Stephanie Lahart|Most of the time, I do not want to die. But I would like to have the means of death within my grasp. I want to feel the luxury of choice, to know the answer to “How do I bear this?” need not always be “Endure.
Kevyn Aucoin|Every man builds his world in his own image. He has the power to choose, but no power to escape the necessity of choice.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Cursed Child - Parts One and Two|What is life without a little risk?" -Sirius Black
John Varley, The Persistence of Vision|It’s not just the drive. They’re right out front. Everywhere. Waiting for me. All day and night.”“Who are, dear?”“Robots selling things. As soon as I set down the ship. Robots and visual-audio ads. They dig right into a man’s brain. They follow people around until they die.
Arthur Rimbaud|Of course, the most important factor of all for long life is a good family. When a person goes home with the wife or the kids giving him endless headaches, then it's hard for that person to enjoy a long life. I am very fortunate, because my wife Elizabeth and my obedient children are very good; they have given me happiness.
Toni Sorenson|An attitude is more important that circumstances. More powerful than the past, education, finances, successes, failures, or opinions. Attitude can make or break any situation. So when you face a problem remember that your problem is not your problem. Your real problem is your attitude toward your problem. Because your attitude reveals the real you, it determines your successes and failures in every undertaking.
Martin Luther King Jr., The Autobiography of Martin Luther King, Jr.|We can all get more together than we can apart. And this is the way we gain power. Power is the ability to achieve purpose, power is the ability to effect change, and we need power.
Leigh Hershkovich, Shattered Illusions|I mean, what is prison, really, except a good bar without the liquor?
Charlie Norwood|Nothing is more capable of troubling our reason, and consuming our health, than secret notions of jealousy in solitude.
Debasish Mridha|When an artist paints a flower, she borrows the beauty from nature and adds fragrance from her own heart.
Francis Harold Cook, How to Raise an Ox: Zen Practice as Taught in Zen Master Dogen's Shobogenzo, Including Ten Newly Translated Essays|Activities such as chanting, bowing, and sitting in zazen are not at all wasted, even when done merely formally, for even this superficial encounter with the Dharma will have some wholesome outcome at a later time. However, it must be said in the most unambiguous terms that this is not real Zen. To follow the Dharma involves a complete reorientation of one's life in such a way that one's activities are manifestations of, and are filled with, a deeper meaning. If it were not otherwise, and merely sitting in zazen were enough, every frog in the pond would be enlightened, as one Zen master said. Dōgen Zenji himself said that one must practice Zen with the attitude of a person trying to extinguish a fire in his hair. That is, Zen must be practiced with an attitude of single-minded urgency.
J.C. Reed, Surrender Your Love|Philip. I have never been outside of England. I've never even been to London. Do you know what I would give for your experiences? How could you possibly think you would bore me?" He didn't answer, but there was such a look of delight in his eyes that I had to ask, "Why are you looking at me like that?" "You called me Philip. For the first time.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Never allow yourself to be defined by your past; ‘yesterday’ is just a word, not a dictionary.
Himmilicious|Being understanding is a curse because even if they hurt you,they are convinced "you will understand
Anderson Cooper|The farther you go, however, the harder it is to return. The world has many edges, and it's easy to fall off.
Bryant H. McGill|The trouble with people like Tony Blair is they get confused, they think intelligence is education when they're two different things.
Will Rogers|The learning and knowledge that we have, is, at the most, but little compared with that of which we are ignorant.
Najwa Zebian, Mind Platter|Don't tell me there's no place for innocent hearts in this world. Don't tell me I need to accept what I don't believe in. I respect it. Don't confuse my values for my stubbornness, although I am stubborn. Don't confuse my positive attitude for being naive. Allow me to wrap my heart around you for a moment. Listen to this. Innocent hearts may not belong anywhere in this world but they are big enough for any heart in this world. Innocent hearts belong in innocent hearts. Innocent hearts belong in the hearts of those who genuinely want happiness.
Alan Kinross, Longinus the Vampire: Redemption|Horror. I can't manage it. I become--well--horrified. Self-help books have a similar effect. When asked, "Any literary genre you simply can't be bothered with?" - (By the Book: Writers on Literature and the Literary Life from the NYT Book Review, by Pamela Paul)
Giharu Si Perempuan Gunung|Unfortunately, I’m one of those people who could be hurt by someone multiple times but still believes there is a good side to them. :)
Patricia Highsmith|Each person carries around in himself a terrible other world of hell and the unknown. It is an enormous pit reaching below the deepest crater of the earth, or it is the thinnest air far beyond the moon. But it is frightening and essentially “unlike” man as he knows himself familiarly, so we spend all our days living at the other antipodes of ourself.
Bryan Chapell, Unlimited Grace: The Heart Chemistry That Frees from Sin and Fuels the Christian Life|Because I am united to Christ, God’s love for me is not as variable as my loyalty to him…. God will not love me more because I do better. He will not love me less because I stumble. His love is based not on my behavior but on my union with his Son – a union built on trust in his grace, not my goodness.
RVM|People are so busy making money that they forget they will leave it all behind. When we depart, we only take with us the good we do in this world.
Jean-Dominique Bauby, The Diving Bell and the Butterfly|It was a dark, dismal afternoon, like they all seem to bethese days, when I got this call. I could hear the rainbattering the windowpane of my office when the phone rang.
Saaif Alam|Chabrias, ever preoccupied to offer the gods the worship due them, was disturbed by the progress of sects of this kind among the populace of large cities; he feared for the welfare of our ancient religions, which yoke men to no dogma whatsoever, but lend themselves, on the contrary, to interpretations as varied as nature itself; they allow austere spirits who desire to do so to invent for themselves a higher morality, but they do not bind the masses to precepts so strict as to engender immediate constraint and hypocrisy.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|No amount of guilt can change the past, and no amount of worrying can change the future.
Philip K. Dick, Ubik|In a thousand years, Fred, no one will even know or care we existed.
Marguerite Kaye, The Widow and the Sheikh|There is an old saying, that in the desert a camel is more useful than a kingdom," he said ruefully, "but as a location for lovemaking, it leaves a lot to be desired.
Cindy Sherman|I know who my dad is, I've met him a few times, but I don't even call him dad. I know it sounds horrible, but I don't even see him as part of my family, to be honest. If you want the truth, it doesn't bother me because I don't know any different. I just know that me and my mum, that was my family.
Isaiah Berlin|The fox knows many things, but the hedgehog knows one big thing.
A.P.J. Abdul Kalam, Ignited Minds: Unleashing the Power Within India|For great men, religion is a way of making friends; small people make religion a fighting tool.
Holly Mosier|It was after I first began to uplift my thoughts a bit that my cravings for junk food started to dissipate. I did not connect the two at that time. First, I simply noticed that I didn’t need to sleep so much. It took a while before I realized that in addition to my improved energy level, there was a direct correlation between chewing on mental garbage and putting garbage in my mouth.
Luccini Shurod, The Painter|The faintest cry is then loosened from her in a lucid expression that does announce her bestirring itch for me. Over and under each other’s lips, we now find ourselves salivating in each other’s recalescent and inundated Elysium, turning about as our hips move in a natural sequence that gives sentience to the repressed soul.
Felix Wantang, Face to Face Meetings with Jesus Christ 3: Revealing the End of the Age|At the gates of Heaven, if you had the chance to plead your case before Jesus, what will you say? Say nothing because your words cannot save you. John 3:16
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|Moral wounds have this peculiarity - they may be hidden, but they never close; always painful, always ready to bleed when touched, they remain fresh and open in the heart.
Ben Johnson|Misunderstanding arising from ignorance breeds fear, and fear remains the greatest enemy of peace.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 1: 1931-1934|Cigars are all the rage, dad. You should smoke cigars!" - Calvin"Flatulence could be all the rage, but it would still be disgusting." - Calvin's mom
Thomas à Kempis, The Inner Life|The more humble and obedient to God a man is, the more wise and at peace he will be in all that he does.
Movie Deep Impact|Alan Rittenhouse: I know you're just a reporter, but you used to be a person, right?
Sigmund Freud, The Future of an Illusion|What 'primitive' men called gossip, 'civilized' men call news.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|My sister said Mary Elizabeth is suffering from low self-esteem, but I told her that she said the same thing about Sam back in November when she started dating Craig, and Sam is completely different. Everything can't be low self-esteem, can it? My sister tried to clarify things. She said that by introducing me to all these great things, Mary Elizabeth gained a "superior position" that she wouldn't need if she was confident about herself. She also said that people who try to control situations all the time are afraid that if they don't, nothing will work out the way they want.
James Perrin, The Occasional Swearing Of Passionate Perrin|People say memories are there to be cherished. I believe memories are there to be created, and if you do something worthwhile today, you will stop living in the past.Look forward and create, don't look back all the time
Jean-Jacques Rousseau|Be sweet, be good, and honest always.
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|A child may not know how to feed itself, or what to eat, yet it knows hunger.
Luvelle Raevan, Sweet Sorcerer|Owen remarked "The basis of science and art is magical - vice versa, magic is art and science. It goes both ways. There's not ever black and white...in magic or in anything to my way of thinking.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|The future lay before him, inevitable but invisible.
James S.A. Corey, Abaddon's Gate|True cynics kill themselves. The rest are posers, trying to use clever sarcasm and snarky remarks to hide insecurity and the fear that if they put themselves out there, they will fail.
Liane Moriarty, Three Wishes|People always say that once it goes away, you forget the pain. It’s a cliché of childbirth: you forget the pain. I don’t happen to agree. I remember the pain. What you really forget is love. Divorce seems as if it will last forever, and then suddenly, one day, your children grow up, move out, and make lives for themselves, and except for an occasional flare, you have no contact at all with your ex-husband. The divorce has lasted way longer than the marriage, but finally it’s over.
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|Well, actually it carried Cadmus. Europa fell off and died along the way, but that's not important.'It was probably important to her.
Sherry Turkle|If you're not looking toward the future or trying to improve the current technology, you'll be left behind.
Nick O'Donohoe, The Magic and the Healing|True dexterity is not just in books; It is giving from above, we learn it, it is nurtured, it is applied and it is developed. He who do not know what has been giving to him from above shall never know how to use what he has been giving efficiently and effectively
Latika Teotia|Don’t be afraid of what could happen or that you may end up in pain if you took a chance on love or life. If you don’t take the plunge you may lead a safe life but it will be drab one. Life is too short to let it just pass by. Grab those short but beautiful moments which may lead to lifetime memories. As Garth Brooks famously sang, “I could have missed the pain but I’d have had to miss the dance.
Marilynne Robinson, Housekeeping|Families will not be broken. Curse and expel them, send their children wandering, drown them in floods and fires, and old women will make songs of all these sorrows and sit on the porch and sing them on mild evenings.
Sarah Dessen, Along for the Ride|It's not always easy being her daughter.' I think,' she said, 'sometimes it's hard no matter whose daughter you are.
The Bureau Chiefs, Write More Good: An Absolutely Phony Guide|Countless generations have set out convinced that they would succeed where other had failed – that's where lawyers and reporters come from, you know. They're the cynical corpses of idealistic young people who thought the system could be reformed.
Aleksey Igudesman|No matter how irrelevant social class now is, even the most eager egalitarian must be quietly proud that the posh English rose is still an industry standard for peerlessly sophisticated beauty.
Amy L. Orr, I guess this is growing up|You think everyone will stay behind and do everything you did all over again, forever. You picture old geezers in jean jackets doing whip-its behind the plaza.
Hansrajvir|He didn't just want her now. He needed her. He needed to feel his rhythm in her body, to see if his soul was still there in her pleasure.
Joyce Rachelle|When we get too comfortable, we stop dreaming.
Mehmet Murat ildan|That's because they're people, only smarter. They know us better than we know them, and a lot of them have a sense of humor. They're exactly like us minus our useless mental power and thumbs.
Joanne McClean, Someone Like You|To him it was a sort of hyperspace-librarian, girl-geek thing that he found clever and fetching without attracting him in a way that would have been creepy.
J.D. Vance, Hillbilly Elegy: A Memoir of a Family and Culture in Crisis|My fingers try to grab onto the net. I’m pulled away too quickly, dragged through the snow. Everything is white and flying and painful.“Nick!”I claw at the snow, trying to slow down. There’s nothing to hold on to. I kick and kick. The hands clutch my ankles. Flipping my torso over I get one quick glance of their backs. They’re wearing parkas and hats and look normal, like people, but faster. I smash onto my face again and lift up my head just in time to see Nick snarling inside the net. He’s transformed again.“Nick!” I yell, but snow pours into my mouth. Sharp cold pain smashes through my teeth and into my skull. I cough and try again. “Nick!”He raises himself up onto four legs and howls, a long, searing cry of anguish and rage.My heart breaks for him, caught there. I have to help him escape. I have to get free.I kick again. “Let me go.”Pain shoots through my head. Fireworks. Explosions. All inside my brain. The white world goes dark and I know what’s about to happen. I’m the one leaving. I am the one gone.
Stefan Molyneux|I believe, therefore, that although it is not the case today, that there may some day come a time, I should hope, when it will fully appreciated that the power of governments should be limited; that governments ought not to be empowered to decide the validity of scientific theories, that this is a ridiculous thing for them to try to do; that they are not to decide the description of history or of economic theory or of philosophy.
Polly Horvath, Everything on a Waffle|But grownups were always in a turmoil, every possible action muddied over by thoughts of the consequences, by self-doubt, by selfimage, by feelings of love and responsibility. Every possible choice seemed to have drawbacks, and sometimes he didn't understand why the drawbacks were drawbacks. It was very hard.
Josh McDowell|The experience of being in the Army changed my whole life; I never believed that an organization such as ours could ever go to war, leave alone win it. It was, as Yeats remarked of the Easter Rising, 'A terrible beauty.'
Garrison Keillor|A girl in a bikini is like having a loaded gun on your coffee table- There's nothing wrong with them, but it's hard to stop thinking about.
Daniel Bliss|Once you sell people fear, they'll buy just about anything.
Noah Webster|The foundation of all free government and all social order must be laid in families and in the discipline of youth. Young persons must not only be furnished with knowledge, but they must be accustomed to subordination and subjected to the authority and influence of good principles. It will avail little that youths are made to understand truth and correct principles, unless they are accustomed to submit to be governed by them.
Barack Obama|Work as though you would live forever, and live as though you would die today. Go another mile!
Lovely Goyal, I Love the Way You Love Me|For much of my life, I existed in a condition of regret, a regret that was contemporaneous with experience, and which sometimes preceded experience.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.|The best of a book is not the thought which it contains, but the thought which it suggests; just as the charm of music dwells not in the tones but in the echoes of our hearts.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Few places are more important for dressing appropriately than the workplace, where a professional appearance is crucial.
Jonathan Safran Foer|I'm sorry for my inability to let unimportant things go, for my inability to hold on to the important things.
Soledad O'Brien|If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy.
Anonymous|Until further notice, celebrate everything.
Katy Perry|I come from a Catholic religion, but I'm not Catholic.
Sybil MacBeth, Praying in Color: Drawing a New Path to God|As a prayer popper, I stay in touch with God. I send lots of spiritual postcards. Little bits and bytes of adoration, supplication, and information attached prayer darts speed in God's direction all day long.
David Vann, Aquarium|Ask me about my childhood, and I will tell you to walk to the edge of the woods with a choir of crickets chirping from every direction, a hot, humid breeze brushing through your hair, your feet, bare and callused. Stand there, unmoving, and watch the dance of ten thousand fireflies blinking on and off in the darkness. Inhale the scent of cured tobacco, freshly plowed southern soil, burning leaves, and honeysuckle. Swallow the taste of blackberries, picked straight from the bushes, and lick your teeth, the after-taste still sweet in your mouth. Now, stretch out on the ground and relax all your muscles. Watch nature's festival of flickering lights.
Dean Cain|You can't be a crazy rebel in the face of death, it's not a fitting attitude.
Vesa Peltonen|there is no problems, only solutions".
Spike Milligan, Puckoon|Readers are often fans of Authors, but I, myself, am a fan of readers. They are the ones who breathe life into the pages that we give birth to, after all.
David Levithan, Two Boys Kissing|Tell me who loves, who admires you, and I will tell you who you are.
Judith Fertig, The Cake Therapist|Because something inside of my heart is ripping apart and it feels like fear, it tastes like panic and anxiety and desperation and I don't know how to understand th image in front of me. I don't want to see Warner like this. I don't want to think of him as anything other than a monster.This isn't right
Blaque Diamond|Never be defeated by roadblocks life throws in your way. Instead, conquer them. You are much stronger than you give yourself credit for.
Emily C.A. Snyder, Nachtstürm Castle: A Gothic Austen Novel|What could she have done? She was a heroine, and with that came certain obligations.
Rebecca Solnit, Hope in the Dark|Their grumpiness is often the grumpiness of perfectionists who hold that anything less than total victory is failure, a premise that makes it easy to give up at the start or to disparage the victories that are possible. This is Earth. It will never be heaven. There will always be cruelty, always be violence, always be de- struction.
Rachel Vincent, The Stars Never Rise|That first winter, when it was time for her friends to leave, the girl ventured out into the show to say goodbye, and the stunning raven-haired Squaller handed her another gift. "A blue kefta," said the math teacher, shaking her head. "What would she do with 
Damon Throop|It is easy to tell confidence from pride. Confidence lifts, encourages, helps, and is full of gratitude. Pride demeans, mocks, destroys, and is bitter and resentful.
Joey W. Hill, Hostile Takeover|It doesn't matter what you want," Toreth breathed into his ear. "All that matters is what I want. Say it.
Eugenio Montale|A group of us started a community center in Santa Monica. We've tried different programs, and three have worked really well. A poetry group. Once a week we visit Venice High and talk to girls at risk.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Of what value is your life, unless you are willing to sacrifice it for those you love?
Alan Moore, V for Vendetta|When a question has no correct answer, there is only one honest response.The gray area between yes and no.Silence.
Earl Warren|Before the child ever gets to school it will have received crucial, almost irrevocable sex education and this will have been taught by the parents, who are not aware of what they are doing.
Christine Warren, Hard as a Rock|The wars not over, but this battle is. It’s time to pick up the pieces and move forward.
Ferdinand Marcos|You must pursue this investigation of Watergate even if it leads to the president. I'm innocent. You've got to believe I'm innocent. If you don't, take my job.
Watchman Nee, God is Willing|[Jesus] said, “Those who are strong have no need of a physician, but those who are ill.…For I did not come to call the righteous, but sinners” (Matt. 9:10-13). Jesus opened up God’s heart to men.
Kerrigan Byrne, The Duke|She led them to their pallets, again encircled by other pallets. She sat down, sighing at her aching muscles, and caught his gaze. “You may, er, wrap your arms around me if that will make you feel I am safer.” He chuckled--a hoarse chuckle, rusty, but a chuckle nonetheless. She’d take it. “May I indeed?” He lay beside her and pulled her back against him, settling her head on his arm, bunching the other hide up to use as a pillow. “If I must.” His warm sigh tickled across her neck. “After all, I must ensure that pinkie does not wander.” Would Robert never let her forget that?
V.C. Andrews|Though I'm not sure, I thought I saw women dressed in black, with her head and face covered by a black veil, duck behind a tree as we approached the road and parked car. Hiding so we wouldn't see her. But I caught a glimpse, enough to reveal the rope of lustrous pearls she wore. Pearls that were there for a thin white hand to lift and nervously, out of long habit, twist and untwist into a knot. Only one women I knew did that--and she was the perfect one to wear black, and should run to hide!Forever hide! Color all her days black! Every last one!
Apolo Ohno|My 'go to' workout is called the Asylum from Beach Body. It's intense training with lots of intervals, core work. It's hard! I travel a lot, so I can take it on the road with me and do it in a hotel room.
Sunday Adelaja|Yet, the most wonderful in my heart remains unsaid and it will remain so forever!
Jesus Christ|Talent is a faculty that is highly developed, but genius commands all the faculties.
Cornell Woolrich, The Cornell Woolrich Omnibus: Rear Window and Other Stories / I Married a Dead Man / Waltz into Darkness|He's prowling back and forth like a lion with distemper now. There's a shiny streak down one side of his face. "I shouldn't have let her go ahead - I ought to be hung! Something's gone wrong. I can't stand this any more!" he says with a choked sound. "I'm starting now -""But how are you -""Spring for it and fire as I go if they try to stop me." And then as he barges out, the fat lady waddling solicitously after him, "Stay there; take it if she calls - tell her I'm on the way-"He plunges straight at the street-door from all the way back in the hall, like a fullback headed for a touchdown. That's the best way. Gun bedded in his pocket, but hand gripping it ready to let fly through lining and all. He slaps the door out of his way without slowing and skitters out along the building, head and shoulders defensively lowered.It *was* the taxi, you bet. No sound from it, at least not at this distance, just a thin bluish haze slowly spreading out around it that might be gas-fumes if its engine were turning; and at his end a long row of un-colored spurts - of dust and stone-splinters - following him along the wall of the flat he's tearing away from. Each succeeding one a half yard too far behind him, smacking into where he was a second ago. And they never catch up. ("Jane Brown's Body")
Stephen Richards, Think Your way to Success: Let Your Dreams Run Free|Success is within reach of all people, but you can grasp it only when you realise the power within you.
Marie C. Malaro|Leadership obeys the principle of Hooke's law to the very bone. It explains:When an elastic material is stretched, it returns to its original position. But when it's over stretched beyond its limit point, it loses its elasticity and becomes plastic, and later cuts or breaks.As a leader, in your leadership disposition, it behoves of you to acquaint yourself with this very leadership principle that edges forward. It's however, a human nature to adopt to an environment, so, leaders are humans, they tend to have this rapore with their followers which is somewhat a must needed. But the ability for such one to return and recollect to knowing his boundary makes a good leader. A phenomenon whereby he becomes drunk of platitudes, then it comes to a time where they (followers) dictate for him. And even sought and suggest plans without his consent or knowing, it has gotten to the point of plastic and break respectively.
Richard H. Thaler, Misbehaving: The Making of Behavioral Economics|This resulted in a model of the macroeconomy as consisting of a single consumer, who lives for ever, consuming the output of the economy, which is a single good produced in a single firm, which he owns and in which he is the only employee, which pays him both profits equivalent to the marginal product of capital and a wage equivalent to the marginal product of labor, to which he decides how much labor to supply by solving a utility function that maximizes his utility over an infinite time horizon, which he rationally expects and therefore correctly predicts. The economy would always be in equilibrium except for the impact of unexpected ‘technology shocks’ that change the firm’s productive capabilities (or his consumption preferences) and thus temporarily cause the single capitalist/worker/consumer to alter his working hours. Any reduction in working hours is a voluntary act, so the representative agent is never involuntarily unemployed, he’s just taking more leisure. And there are no banks, no debt, and indeed no money in this model.You think I’m joking? I wish I was.
Barbara L. Fredrickson, Love 2.0: How Our Supreme Emotion Affects Everything We Feel, Think, Do, and Become|Love draws you out of your cocoon of self-absorption to attune to others. Love allows you to really see another person, holistically, with care, concern, and compassion.
Malorie Blackman, Knife Edge|Well, you're right. I'm a Freak.""Huh?""I love being bullied. Being hit and kicked by others gets me totally excited. That's what kind of freak I am.Sorry if that bothers you.
Liz Murray, Breaking Night: A Memoir of Forgiveness, Survival, and My Journey from Homeless to Harvard|Feelings come and go, and when they come a good use can be made of them, but they cannot be our regular spiritual diet.
Tim Palmer, Endangered Rivers and the Conservation Movement|I suppose none of what I'm saying matters. In a few years a search like this won't even be necessary. We have instruments now that can be mounted on the underside of an airplane. To find a man all you have to do is fly over the spot where you think he is, and the machine will register his body heat. Right now there aren't enough of those machines to go around. Most of them are in the war. But when we come home from there, well, a man on the run won't have hope. And a man like me, he won't be needed. This is the last of something. It's too bad. As much as I hate war, I fear the day when machines take the place of men. At least now a man can still get along on his talents.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|The red firelight glowed on their two bonny heads and revealed their faces, animated with the eager interest of children; for, though he was twenty-three and she eighteen, each had so much of novelty to feel, and learn, that neither experienced nor evinced the sentiments of sober disenchanted maturity.
Vishwas Chavan, SoulBliss: a poetic tale of cosmic love|Teenagers think they are invincible” with that sly, stupid smile on their faces, they don’t know how right they are. We need never be hopeless, because we can never be irreparably broken. We think that we are invincible because we are. We cannot be born, and we cannot die. Like all energy, we can only change shapes and sizes and manifestations. They forget that when they get old. They get scared of losing and failing. But that part of us greater than the sum of our parts cannot begin and cannot end, and so it cannot fail.
Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe|But what about the End of the Universe? We'll miss the big moment."I've seen it. It's rubbish," said Zaphod,"nothing but a gnab gib."A what?"Opposite of a big bang. Come on, let's get zappy.
Drishti Bablani, Wordions|Before you commit to loving someone,make effort to understand their heart,make effort to understand their soul,be open to seeing even their darkestcorners, without prejudice.If you have understood, accepted andloved their heart and soul, you will love them just as they are without ever wanting to change them.
Lisa Tawn Bergren, Waterfall|We all have freedom of choice. Over and over again, minute by minute. How will you live your life? For yourself Or for others? For something good? For love?
Avijeet Das|People keep asking astrologers for their destinies. Ironically, it is the people themselves who are the creators of their own destinies.
Yolanda Joe|When a man finds the woman he really loves, the one he respects and wants to call wife, there is nothing on earth he won't do for her. No mountain he won't hike. No river he won't wade. No door he won't open. She is Eve and there's not a snake crawling that can keep them apart.
Shannon L. Alder|Gratitude was never a noun; it's secretly a verb. It is not a place you accept defeat, settle in for broken dreams or call it the best life will get. Gratitude is getting out of laziness, self pity, denial and insecurity, in order to walk through that door God has been holding open for you this entire time.
Warren G. Bennis, Organizing Genius: The Secrets of Creative Collaboration|Who succeeds in forming and leading a Great Group? He or she is almost always a pragmatic dreamer. They are people who get things done, but they are people with immortal longings. Often, they are scientifically minded people with poetry in their souls.
Plato, The Republic|There is nothing which for my part I like better, Cephalus, than conversing with aged men; for I regard them as travellers who have gone a journey which I too may have to go, and of whom I ought to inquire, whether the way is smooth and easy, or rugged and difficult.
Casey Renee Kiser, Gutter Kisses and a Hug on Garbage Day|The greatest drawback to true love was that once true love unexpectedly ends there is no other romance that can replace it. Romance instead becomes a race, with one’s new beau consistently failing to meet up to the grand expectations set by the meaning of one’s existence. The only one.
Richard Yates|And Emily had yet to shed a single tear. It troubled her all the way back to the city, and she rode with one hand sandwiched between her cheek and the cool, shuddering glass of the limousine window, as if that might help. She tried whispering 'Daddy' to herself, tried closing her eyes and picturing his face, but it didn't work. Then she thought of something that made her throat close up: she might never have been her father's baby, but he had always called her 'little rabbit.' And she was crying easily now, causing her mother to reach over and squeeze her hand; the only trouble was that she couldn't be sure whether she cried for her father or for Warren Maddock, or Maddox, who was back in South Carolina now being shipped out to a division.   But she stopped crying abruptly when she realized that even that was a lie: these tears, as always before in her life, were wholly for herself—for poor, sensitive Emily Grimes whom nobody understood, and who understood nothing.
Ellen DeGeneres, Seriously... I'm Kidding|True beauty is not related to what color your hair is or what color your eyes are. True beauty is about who you are as a human being, your principles, your moral compass.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Distinctive Footprints of Life: Where Are You Heading Towards?|It’s a matter of dignity,” the Chief explained. “At a certain point, that’s all you have left.
Susan Meissner, Stars Over Sunset Boulevard|That's what we did, didn't we, Audrey? We learned to be brave when it was easier to be afraid.
Debasish Mridha|If you are opportunity oriented, you will find opportunities all around you. If you are problem oriented, you will see problems all around you.
Christopher Bond|Yet what you need is not marches, demonstrations, rallies or wide associations, all of them are important. What you need is direct action. The sooner people understand that, the sooner we'll begin to change things.
Julian Fellowes, Gosford Park: The Shooting Script|I guess when someone tells you something they they usually guard, you feel privileged, not because you know something no-one else knows, but because you feel chosen. You feel like that person wants her life to intersect with yours. I think that's what felt best about it.
Hewitt E. Moore, White Guilt|The actuality of us being cognizant and accepting of the fact we are but a speck of sand in a universe sized desert, whose existence is irrelevant to any facet of universal function is a hard pill to swallow. Knowing the world will go on for another billion years after death and you will have no recollection of anything, just as you have no recollection of the billion years before your birth is a mind-boggling intuition,
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|Out of all the other gangs that were around, you could always have come to the reasoning table of the Rebellions without being fearful and present your case, and whatever is decided at the reasoning table you know that is what it will be, whether it’s war or peace. Unlike the other gangs that were around, you didn’t even know who to talk to. Scrooge, former leader of the Rebellion Raiders street gang that once boasted of having some ten thousand members
William S. Wilson, Why I Don't Write Like Franz Kafka|Today, and let us celebrate this fact, We can eat the light of our beloved, warmed by compassion or cooled by intellectual feeling. And if we are surprised, and some of us disappointed, that the light is now only green - well, such was the vital probability awaiting us. We have, after all, an increase in the energy available for further evolution; we can use the energy of our position relative to the probabilities in the future to reach the future we desire. The full use of this energy is just beginning to be explored, and we have the opportunity open to few generations to create our best opportunities. We must not slacken in our desire now if we desire a future. The pressure of probabilities on the present increases the momentum of evolution, and as the voluble helix turns, and turns us away from our improbable satiation, we can see that the shadow cast on the present from the future is not black but rainbowed, brilliant with lemon yellow, plum-purple, and cherry-red. I have no patience with those who say that their desire for light is satisfied. Or that they are bored. I have myself a still unsatisfied appetite for green: eucalyptus, celadon, tourmaline, and apple. ("Desire")
Anne Tyler, Dinner at the Homesick Restaurant|Ah, God, it's barbaric, however you look at it,' he told Ruth.'What, cremation?' she asked.'Death.
Sue Ziang, Young Mind Young Body: Transformational Approach to Rejuvenating Youth and Vitality|Eat Chew Live' is not like other diet or weight loss books. There are no programs to follow, menus to cook, or products to buy, this book is about respecting how your body works.
René Magritte|As regards the artists themselves, most of them gave up their freedom quite lightly, placing their art at the service of someone or something. As a rule, their concerns and their ambitions are those of any old careerist. I thus acquired a total distrust of art and artists, whether they were officially recognised or were endeavouring to become so, and I felt that I had nothing in common with this guild. I had a point of reference which held me elsewhere, namely that magic within art which I had encountered as a child.
E.E. Cummings|When the spent sun throws up its rays on cloudAnd goes down burning into the gulf below,No voice in nature is heard to cry aloudAt what has happened. Birds, at least must knowIt is the change to darkness in the sky.Murmuring something quiet in her breast,One bird begins to close a faded eye;Or overtaken too far from his nest,Hurrying low above the grove, some waifSwoops just in time to his remembered tree.At most he thinks or twitters softly, 'Safe!Now let the night be dark for all of me.Let the night be too dark for me to seeInto the future. Let what will be, be.
Lorenzo Victory|TO GROW OUR MIND- We must learn new things. We must CARE for more things. We must TEACH more things. We must SHARE more things. We must RETAIN more things. To grow our mind - We don't need education, We need a good memory.
Siri Hustvedt, The Shaking Woman, or A History of My Nerves|Culture has lead us to betray our own aboriginal spirit and wholeness, into an ever-worsening realm of synthetic, isolating, impoverishing estrangement. Which is not to say that there are no more everyday pleasures, without which we would loose our humanness. But as our plight deepens, we glimpse how much must be erased for our redemption.
D.L. Koontz, Crossing Into The Mystic|I find it sad that more Christian literature does not address miracles, and the possibility of demons in our midst. Jesus performed countless miracles in his life that were clearly discussed in the New Testament. And, he cast out demons. Why do some Christians act as those the potential for miracles died with Him? Why do people believe in angels, but not demons? Both were evident in the Bible.
Eugene Lim, Dear Cyborgs|...She wasn't anyone special. She wasn't that brave, that clever or that strong. She was just somebody that felt cramped by the confines of her life. She was just somebody who had to get out. And she did it! She went out past Vega, out past Moulquet and Lambard! She saw places that aren't even there anymore! And do you know what she said? Her most famous quotation? "Anybody could have done it
Michael  Grant, Light|Hello, Darkness," Caine said.Gaia's face fell. Her bloody, feral grin faded to be replaced by lips drawn right with fear. Her killer blue eyes widened as she looked at Caine who was no longer Caine."Nemesis," Gaia said.
René Daumal, A Night of Serious Drinking|Words are made for a certain exactness of thought, as tears are for a certain degree of pain. What is least distinct cannot be named; what is clearest is unutterable.
Evan Spiegel|Poetry, I feel, is a tyrannical discipline. You've got to go so far so fast in such a small space; you've got to burn away all the peripherals.
Brooke Holmes, The Symptom and the Subject: The Emergence of the Physical Body in Ancient Greece|Having a body, we have seen, does not entail knowing a body. Whereas a cow automatically eats whatever grasses supply needed nutrients, people must determine for themselves what to put into their bodies, with the result that there is room to make mistakes. Mistakes arise, in part, from ignorance. Yet ignorance is not the only problem produced by this arrangement. The fact that we are not compelled by our bodies' precise needs—understood as particular kinds of food and drink, rather than food and drink tout court—allows the formation of desires that have little or nothing to do with the needs on which bodily health depends.
Seekerohan, Spilled Ink of Love|To the Bullock RoserootWhat's the thought you thinkall your life long?It must be a great one,a solemn one, to make you gazethrough the world at it,all your life long.When you have to look aside from ityour eyes roll, you bellowin anger, anxiousto return to it, steadilyto gaze at it, think itall your life long.
Michel Foucault|I have not tried to write the history of that language, but rather the archaeology of that silence.
Shinzo Abe|With the selection of Acting Secret Service Director Joseph P. Clancy as the director, President Obama has guaranteed that the agency will continue to lurch from one shocking security failure to another.
Kyoko M., The Holy Dark|Listen and listen good, shitbrain. If you ever touch someone I love again, I will shove this cross down your throat and watch you choke on it. You want to know why a Prince of Hell wanted me so bad? Now you do. I’m not a nice girl. I’m a Seer. It is my job to save the people of the world from vultures like you. Now you take that back to whoever your boss is and let him come find me, if he’s stupid enough. I’ll bury you all if I have to.
Douglas Kirkland|My advice to young people wanting to make music and to be in this industry is to really spend your time making music. Make so much music you have no friends. Make music. Figure out what it is you love, and... because if you're making cool art, then everything else will fall into line.
Pat   Henshaw, The Vampire's Food Chain|I'm not leaving you. We still have a chance." "How?"Kayson's voice echoes his hopelessness. He's already given up."Hey, as long as we are still breathing, we still have a chance. If you quit, then you're quitting on me too.
David K. Shipler, Russia: Broken Idols, Solemn Dreams|The snow filled the air with a soft grey-blue mist, softening the wind and gunfire, bringing the earth and sky together into one swaying blur.The snow fell on Bach's shoulders; it was as though flakes of silence were falling on the still Volga, on the dead city, on the skeletons of horses. It was snowing everywhere, on earth and on the stars; the whole universe was full of snow. Everything was disappearing beneath it: guns, the bodies of the dead, filthy dressings, rubble, scraps of twisted iron.This soft, white snow settling over the carnage of the city was time itself; the present was turning into the past, and there was no future.
Enza Vita|Realization includes everything, the mundane and the transcendental. In true awakening, nothing stands apart and nothing is excluded. If we find ourselves in a state where something is excluded, that state, however amazing it is, is still a dualistic state.
Dave Guerrero|I felt him there with me. The real David. My David. David, you are still here. Alive. Alive in me.Alive in the galaxy.Alive in the stars.Alive in the sky.Alive in the sea.Alive in the palm trees.Alive in feathers.Alive in birds.Alive in the mountains.Alive in the coyotes.Alive in books.Alive in sound.Alive in mom.Alive in dad.Alive in Bobby.Alive in me.Alive in soil.Alive in branches.Alive in fossils.Alive in tongues.Alive in eyes.Alive in cries.Alive in bodies.Alive in past, present and future. Alive forever.
Theognis|Follow your fate, and be satisfied with it, and be glad not to be a second-hand motor salesman, or a yellow-press journalist, pickled in gin and nicotine, or a cripple - or dead.
J.D. Salinger, Raise High the Roof Beam, Carpenters & Seymour: An Introduction|Be happy NOW. Feel good NOW. That's the only thing you have to do. And if that's the only thing you get from reading this book, then you have received the greatest truth of The Secret.
J.M. Barrie|The last thing he ever said to me was, 'Just always be waiting for me, and then some night you will hear me crowing.
Sharad Vivek Sagar|I refuse to believe in three things: cash, clock, and calendar. You should never be enslaved by these three.
Pat Conroy, The Lords of Discipline|Great teachers had great personalities and that the greatest teachers had outrageous personalities. I did not like decorum or rectitude in a classroom; I preferred a highly oxygenated atmosphere, a climate of intemperance, rhetoric, and feverish melodrama. And I wanted my teachers to make me smart. A great teacher is my adversary, my conqueror, commissioned to chastise me. He leaves me tame and grateful for the new language he has purloined from other kings whose granaries are filled and whose libraries are famous. He tells me that teaching is the art of theft: of knowing what to steal and from whom. Bad teachers do not touch me; the great ones never leave me. They ride with me during all my days, and I pass on to others what they have imparted to me. I exchange their handy gifts with strangers on trains, and I pretend the gifts are mine. I steal from the great teachers. And the truly wonderful thing about them is they would applaud my theft, laugh at the thought of it, realizing they had taught me their larcenous skills well.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|OMG. He's a gift shop, a lamb kebab with mint,/a solar panel poetry machine with biceps. He's the path/through the dark woods, the light on the page, a postcard/from the castle and a one-way ticket there. He's the most/astounding arrangement of molecules ever!/Just look at those tights! An honest-to-God prince at last.
Auguste Rodin|Sensitive, responsive, eagerly welcomed everywhere, the drama, holding the mirror up to nature, by laughter and by tears reveals to mankind the world of men.
Lisa Kessler, Light of the Spirit|Lia pulled back, moonlight dancing in her dark eyes. “If you’re trying to make me go easy on you, it won’t work.”Cooper's teeth brushed her lower lip. “No way. Just getting an early taste of my prize.”She grinned. “I feel like I’ve already won.”He kissed her once more, whispering, “I know I have.
Frank Wanderer|The Ego uses the mind as a means of spiritual search. It is through the mind that the Ego intends to understand what is beyond mind and forms. The mind in this way prepares the mental image of enlightenment, seeking, happiness etc.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|He roars, “What have you done?”I don’t answer. My heart beats crazy happy just to see her get across the iron. She’s not burned. She’s still human.“Zara.” His voice is measured. “I need her to maintain control.”“You don’t need to be in control. You’re all trapped. So there’ll be no more stealing boys, no more shooting arrows in the woods, getting people lost. It’s all over.” The metal is cold on my fingers.Devyn grabs more wire, starts another flight. A group of pixies leaps for him, screaming, a wild, chaotic mess. They start clawing at each other, lost in fear and hunger, angry. A pixie in a pink dress shrieks when another wearing a black gown lashes at her, slashing through the skin on her arm.“Zara?” The king tries to be calm and nice. He tries to look human. It doesn’t work. “Do you know what this means? Do you know the power that I’ll lose? The need? We will fight in here. We will kill each other.”“I know,” I say and my voice shakes as I stare at him, this man who is in my blood, but not me. He is not me. Still, I understand his need, his fear. He is stuck in this awful place where there is no moral way to move forward. “I’m so sorry.”And I am.
Mike Myers|When I was born, the wisdom was that homosexuality was an illness; that it was caused largely by somebody's mother, and a distorted relationship with the mother. And now, as I live my life - married to a husband, with kids - it's an identity.
John Connolly, The Wolf in Winter|Alack, when once our grace we have forgot,Nothing goes right; we would and we would not.
Hiroko Sakai|If we have received a precious gift from God, it is our imagination. When we tap into our powers of imagination, we are bombs of possibilities.
Captain Hank Bracker, "Suppresed I Rise"|Born on March 20, 1971, she celebrated her 100th birthday this past March. During the war she toured the battle zones, where British forces were fighting by giving concerts for the troops. The songs most remembered from that era are We'll Meet Again, The White Cliffs of Dover, A Nightingale Sang in Berkeley Square and There'll Always Be an England. During the Second World War she earned the title of “the Allied Forces Sweetheart.” And in 1945 she was awarded the British War Medal and the Burma Star for her untiring devotion to the Crown and the men in uniform. As a songwriter and actress, her recordings and performances were enormously popular. This popularity remained solid after the war with recording of Auf Wiedersehen Sweetheart, My Son, My Son and I Love This Land, which was released to mark the end of the Falklands War. In 2009, at age 92, she became the oldest living artist to top the UK Albums Chart, with We'll Meet Again, The Very Best of Vera Lynn. Commemorating her 100th birthday she released the album Vera Lynn 100, in 2017, which number 3 on the charts, making her the oldest recording artist in the world and the first centenarian performer to have an album in the charts.Vera Lynn devoted much time working with wounded ex-servicemen, disabled children, and breast cancer. She is held in great affection by veterans of the Second World War and in 2000 was named the Briton who best exemplified the spirit of the 20th century.
David Sedaris, Me Talk Pretty One Day|The word phobic has its place when properly used, but lately it's been declawed by the pompous insistence that most animosity is based upon fear rather than loathing.... I hate computers. My hatred is entrenched, and I nourish it daily. I'm comfortable with it, and no community outreach program will change my mind.
Lionel Suggs|Most people do not actually know how to think for themselves, and unfortunately that prevents them from even knowing it.
Megan Thomason, Daynight|Kendrick walked over to her purposefully, hauled her up into his arms and gave her a mock frown. "I hunger, wench."Genevieve put her arms around his neck. "Well? What are you going to hunt us for dinner?""I'll slay a few steaks from the freezer.""You're so brave.
Alexander Pope, An Essay on Criticism|Words are like Leaves; and where they most abound,Much Fruit of Sense beneath is rarely found.
Christine Kenneally, The First Word: The Search for the Origins of Language|At its most fundamental, language is an act of shared attention, and without the fundamentally human willingness to listen to what another person is saying, language would not work.
Bill Loguidice|My only advantage as a reporter is that I am so physically small, so temperamentally unobtrusive, and so neurotically inarticulate that people tend to forget that my presence runs counter to their interests. And it always does. That is one last thing to remember: writers are always selling somebody out.
Molière|The world, dear Agnes, is a strange affair.
Jim Butcher, Blood Rites|See, those who wield the primordial forces of creation have a long-running grudge with physics.
Mike Rowe|Keep your sense of humor, my friend; if you don't have a sense of humor it just isn't funny anymore.
douglas m laurent|The Valkyrie’s heart was wrought of dazzling gold full of the most finest and firmest of loves, this being the secret of her many moods and akimbo inspirangular mercies.		—On Kari, Ch. Fifteen Valley of the Damned
Anuradha Bhattacharyya, The Road Taken|If they had given in to passion, throwing caution to the wind,they would have lost everything.
Sharon K. Garner|Please. Put the gun down and we'll talk. A beautiful woman holding a small cannon plays hell with my concentration. Christovao (Chris) Santos, Sanctuary
Rose Franken, Claudia and David|The problem is that in this jail there are too many mosquitoes, they don't let me sleep.
Nina LaCour, Hold Still|Grace: Outside, deep in the woods, I heard a long keening wail, and then another, as the wolves began to howl. More voices pitched in, some low and mournful, others high and short, an eerie and beautiful chorus. I knew my wolf's howl; his rich tone sang out above others as if begging me to hear it.My heart ached inside me, torn between wanting them to stop and wishing they would go on for ever. I imagined myself there among them in the golden woods, watching them tilt their heads back and howl underneath a sky of endless stars. I blinked a tear away, feeling foolish and miserable, but I didn't go to sleep until every wolf had fallen silent.
Walter De Mulder|There are no rules for good photographs, there are only good photographs.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|The fact is unalterable, that a fellow-mortal with whose nature you are acquainted solely through the brief entrances and exits of a few imaginative weeks called courtship, may, when seen in the continuity of married companionship, be disclosed as something better or worse than what you have preconceived, but will certainly not appear altogether the same.
Simone Biles|When you've been touched by sadness and grief, it makes you vulnerable. And because I am vulnerable, I try to be positive. And when I say 'try,' I really do mean try, because it's an effort.
Tara Dupuis, The Moody Blues: One Family's Journey Through Postpartum Depression|It's not about WHO is right, it's about WHAT is right.
John Biggins, The Emperor's Coloured Coat: In Which Otto Prohaska, Hero of the Habsburg Empire, Has an Interesting Time While Not Quite Managing to Avert the First World War|In fact the bare adjective "bad" hardly scratches the surface of the man's awesome incapacity.
Deborah L. Parker, For People of Strength, Soul, and Spirit: Seven Guidelines for Life & Career Success|I'm trying to ruin it!" Will had bellowed back. "So I can figure out how to do it perfectly! How can you learn anything if you won't take risks?
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|Remember that human wisdom is madness in the eyes of God. But if we listen to the child who lives in our soul, our eyes will grow bright.
Orson Scott Card, Shadow of the Hegemon|Death is not a tragedy to the one who dies; to have wasted the life before that death, that is the tragedy.
Chrissie Johnson|This is just another reason for these “women” (and I use the term loosely) to be gross and obscene and call it a “political statement.” It’s not helpful. If anything, it’s demeaning and insulting to women who think with more than our genitals and who are concerned with issues bigger than our ladyparts. But by all means, keep acting the fool. All you’re doing is exposing yourselves for what you really are. The rest of us want no part of your nonsense.
Debasish Mridha|When you're angry and the fire of revenge is burning your mind, that is the best time to practice calmness, forgiveneess, kindness and love
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|The moment we become forgivers, then we are in line to enjoy the benefits of forgiveness.
Katie MacAlister, A Midsummer Night's Romp|He flashed a grin over his shoulder at me. "Ready to be astounded?"I eyed him. "You're not going to drop your trousers and demand I admire your gorgeous testicles, are you?""Not after you disparaged their beauty.
Janet O. Hagberg, The Critical Journey: Stages in the Life of Faith|When pursued it becomes clear that this separation between one's self and the Church usually stems from deep unresolved pain or dissatisfaction rooted in early religious upbringing. Sometimes it arises from a contemporary image of the Church as authoritarian, chauvinistic, hypocritical, or unforgiving in nature. Though thirsting spiritually for a relationship, some find it too threatening or the prospects too unsatisfying to have to return to a painful image or experience associated with God and the religious realm. This group ay actually scorn the Church because it is not intellectually acceptable to live with a reality that can only be accepted on faith. "To believe in something non-verifiable,' they say, 'is to be weak in one's thin
Mae West, Wit & Wisdom of Mae West|All discarded lovers should be given a second chance, but with somebody else.
Mary Doria Russell, Children of God|I'm not a Christian, but I have read his book.
Britney King, Somewhere With You|Sometimes... I feel like I can't picture him anymore. Like I'm forgetting him... I forget the way he looked when he smiled. The sound of his voice. The way his hand felt wrapped around mine. And it hurts so badly, Jack. It hurts so fucking bad. Sometimes, it's so painful I can't breathe. Like the pain just sucks all of the air out of me... until there's nothing left. I don't want to forget. I really don't. But I don't know what to do. I don't know how to make it stop. It hurts to remember. But it hurts even more to forget.
Rowan Ricardo Phillips|It's everywhere, really. It's between the galaxies. It is in this room. We believe that everywhere that you have space, empty space, that you cannot avoid having some of this dark energy.
Berkun, Scott|Like most events that change the world, it didn't seem interest to anyone except the people willing to do the work.
Steven Pinker|By exploring the political and moral colorings of discoveries about what makes us tick, we can have a more honest science and a less fearful intellectual milieu.
Beverly K. Bachel, What Do You Really Want?: How to Set a Goal and Go for It! A Guide for Teens|The biggest regrets people have aren’t about what they did, but what they didn’t do.
Álvaro de Campos|It’s stupid, but it’s human, and that’s how it is.
Lizbeth Meredith, Pieces of Me: Rescuing My Kidnapped Daughters|I want my girls to know who they are and have strong family connections. I want them to be educated. I want them to travel the world. I want them to be able to support themselves, and if they choose to be in a long-term relationship, it will be based on their strengths, not their weaknesses.And I know that in order for them to get there, it is important that I take more than a surface glance at how I ended up in my unhealthy and unsafe relationship with their father. Only then will I ever have any hope of keeping my history from repeating itself in their future.
Anne Frank|In spite of everything, I still believe that people are really good at heart.
Dylan Perry, Gods Just Want To Have Fun|These werewolves and the gwrgi are not like the American breed of werewolf. They are not part timers. They do not spend the one, full moon, night in every twenty eight as a wolf or wolf-man beast. They do not spend twenty eight days and twenty seven nights wandering round high school hallways and shopping malls filled with teenage angst about falling in love with the 'one'. They do not go to cool parties where everyone is half naked and waxed.When werewolves change that's it, seven years as a wolf. Gwrgi are stuck the way they are permanently and aren't so much a wolf with a large dollop of teenage heart throb mixed in, but more a wolf with a little too much stinky tramp mixed in.One folk legend is true. You can kill both werewolves and gwrgi by either shooting them through the heart with a silver bullet or by chopping their head off. But then, pretty much any animal can be killed by shooting them through the heart with a silver bullet or by chopping their head off. And if you're on a budget, the bullet probably doesn't even need to be silver.
Dr. MaryAnn Diorio|Your illusion can become a reality, when you let go of your fears.
Tyler Edwards, Zombie Church: Breathing Life Back Into the Body of Christ|The truth is, the Devil's job is easy.
Evinda Lepins, Back to Single|The more we talk about our troubles and our fears, the more life we breathe into them". HS/el
Rachel Cusk, Outline|The Cunning Little Vixen, in which a fox is caught by a hunter and kept in a farmyard with the other animals. He keeps her because he loves her, despite the fact she is destructive, and there is a value for her too in his attention, though its consequence is her captivity. But her nature drives her to seek the wild, and one day she escapes the farmyard and finds her way back into the forest; but instead of feeling liberated she is terrified, for having lived in the farmyard most of her life she has forgotten how to be free.
John Paul II, Blessed Are the Pure of Heart: Catechesis on the Sermon on the Mount and Writings of St. Paul|The ethos of redemption is realied in self-mastery, by means of temperance, that is, continence of desires.
Robert Hass|If your DNA profile puts you at a higher risk of developing obesity, that doesn't mean it's your fate. You can take control of the environmental side of the equation and reduce your overall lifetime risk by a lot.
Kenneth Fisher|The NFL is a unique work place. There are no secrets anymore. Technology has taken over, and secrets are exposed. People are going to know what you're all about. You have to make sure you have real honesty in the work place, or you're going to be exposed.
Steven Van Zandt|I had a mind inquiring enough to question world events, as well as the passion fostered by my background to care, but I lacked the emotional maturity to process these things. That made me ripe for Islamist recruitment. Into this ferment came my recruiter, himself straight out of a London medical college.
Ngina Otiende, The Wedding Night: Embracing Sexual Intimacy as New Bride|Our level of appreciation shows in how we treat our husband. If he’s first in our minds, he’ll be first in our priorities. If he’s indeed special, you pursue him, initiate intimacy, and go out of your way to make him cherished.
Judith Lewis Herman, Trauma and Recovery: The Aftermath of Violence - From Domestic Abuse to Political Terror|I know who I am, and I know who you are, and nothing else matters. it's how we live our life.
Soul Surfer|I wouldn't change what happened to me because then I wouldn't have this chance, in front of all of you, to embrace more people than I ever could have with two arms.
Sarah Vowell, Unfamiliar Fishes|The groundswell of outrage over the invasion of Iraq often cited the preemptive war as a betrayal of American ideals. The subtext of the dissent was: 'This is not who we are.' But not if you were standing where I was. It was hard to see the look in that palace tour guide's eyes when she talked about the American flag flying over the palace and not realize that ever since 1898, from time to time, this is exactly who we are.
Tom Douglas|On a normal day, I love a shift dress with flats and a little cropped jacket. That, for me, is my travel wear if it's not too chilly - you can throw a scarf over your legs if it's cold on the plane!
Gwynne Shotwell|I had two passions growing up - one was music, one was technology. I tried to play in a band for a while, but I was never talented enough to make it. And I started companies. One day came along and I decided to combine the two - and there was Spotify.
Tahereh Mafi, Unravel Me|In one kiss, you'll know all I haven't said.
Salman Rushdie|In this world without quiet corners, there can be no easy escapes from history, from hullabaloo, from terrible, unquiet fuss.
Adib Khan, Spiral Road|Its easy to lie, but hard to confess
W. Clement Stone|optimism, where it is not just the thoughtless talk of someone with only words in his flat head, strikes me as not only absurd, but even a truly wicked way of thinking, a bitter mockery of the unspeakable sufferings of humanity.
Melanie Greenberg|When you drop any new idea in the pond of the world, you get a ripple effect. You have to be aware that you will be creating a cascade of change.
Nathan Fillion|My father was a swim teacher. We used to swim before school, swim after school.
Lisa Kleypas, Secrets of a Summer Night|And then there was the expansive garden that ran the length of the rear of the house- lush with color and fragrances that seemed to burst from every branch and bloom. Whoever had designed it possessed a keen eye for beauty, each plant chosen with obvious care and an affinity for nature.She'd even acquired a new cat from its depths, a stray orange tom she found wandering among the hydrangea bushes one morning. An offered dish of milk and he'd been her bosom beau ever since. She'd decided to call him Ranunculus because Buttercup was far too feminine a name for such a large and impressive male. She gazed at him now where he slept in the sunshine, basking like a small potentate in the heat of the day.
Piers Anthony, With a Tangled Skein|Is it foolish to care for non-existent folk?Then, leave me to my foolishness.
Debasish Mridha|A simple thought can transform you forever. So cultivate beautiful thoughts, ugliness never.
Andre Hueston Mack|When you find yourself surrounded by sane people excited about your idea and lending support, you realize, perhaps, you are not as crazy as you think you are
Leigh Hershkovich|Writing is the way I make sense of a chaotic world. I see the tumultuous backdrop of humanity around me, and I feel it is my duty (mainly to myself) to create a sense of meaning and understanding in such an atmosphere. It's all about timing. In a world without order, I create order. Sequence and structure, even in the busiest of places, allow me to be at peace.
Dada Bhagwan|Those who have become vitarag (free from all worldly attachments), will have no intent of ownership (maliki bhav).
Santosh Kalwar|On its own, my internal dissociated part now came to the surface, and I found myself hiding from everyone. I still was not connecting it to the dream I'd had. At one time I had thought I could control these sudden episodes, but I was apparently mistaken. I had grown very unsure about every facet of my mental health. A disturbed part of me was taking over and I was terrified. I began to wonder if Big Suzie would completely cease to exist.
Joel Crofoot, Michael's Passion|Give it up to God,” they’d say, or “He won’t give you more than you can handle.” Fuck that. He preferred to just stay here and kill things.
Deyth Banger|People should train their brain by watching films, by listening music, by playing games, by reading quotes. If people do this, I can said from this a big percent from here you can become clever.
Yukio Mishima, Confessions of a Mask|The blossoms seem unusually lovely this year. There were none of the scarlet-and-white-striped curtains that are set up among the blossoming trees so invariably that one has to come to think of them as the attire of cherry blossoms; there were no bustling tea-stalls, no holiday crowds of flower-viewers, no one hawking balloons and toy windmills; instead there were only the cherry trees blossoming undisturbed among the evergreens, making one feel as though he were seeing the naked bodies of the blossoms. Nature's free bounty and useless extravagance had never appeared so fantastically beautiful as it did this spring. I had an uncomfortable suspicion that Nature had come to reconquer the earth for herself.
Antoinette Turner, Cookies & Cream|The problem with Fate is that its own purpose is often hidden in the path of the journeyed, whether they realized it or not.
Amy Sedaris|Women work as much as men now, if not more. There's a resurgence of dads in the home and moms working.
Alan Paton, Cry, the Beloved Country|Tristan started the car, pulling carefully out onto the street now that the snow had begun to fall."You seemed so happy this last quarter," P.K. prompted."I was. I fell in love.""And?""It didn't work out--isn't working out." Tristan shook his head. "I'm not ready.""Ah," said P.K. They drove the rest of the way in silence. Tristan thought then that he was lucky; Jonathon and Daniel didn't know how to value a silence, but P.K. made it comfortable. He was glad he was here with P.K. and not alone in the unbearable silence of snow.
Dharlene Marie Fahl|We are most of us two people, your Highness. There is something lacking in the man who is one thing only, and so, as he believes, at peace with the world and with himself.
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|We believe we have dived down to the most unfathomable depths, and when we reappear on the surface, the drop of water that glistens on our trembling finger-tips no longer resembles the sea from which it came. We believe we have discovered a grotto that is stored with bewildering treasure; we come back to the light of day, and the gems we have brought are false – mere pieces of glass – and yet does the treasure shine on, unceasingly, in the darkness!
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|No weapon that is formed against thee shall prosper; and every tongue that shall rise against thee in judgment thou shalt condemn. This is the heritage of the servants of the LORD, and their righteousness is of me, saith the LORD.
Hedy Lamarr|I've had various people close to me die, and I don't necessarily find the idea of death purely depressing.
Nicole Jacquelyn, Unbreak My Heart|I couldn't change the past, but hell if I didn't want to be what Kate needed now.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|What do others see when they look at your life? What do those who know you best say about you—your spouse, your children, your friends, your coworkers? Do they see inconsistencies in any area of your life—money, relationships, speech, possessions?
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Life has pounded me downand thrashed me around,Time and time again,But I always get right back up,Because I still love life -Just as the earth still lovesThe rain.
Jonathan V. Last|You´re my son, Ed. You might be idiotic and irresponsible, but it doesn´t make the slightest difference to what I feel for you. I´m pissed off that you could have thought it would
Mo Rocca|It was post war. It was very gray, very dreary. Everything was still rationed when I first saw the United States in 1951. I went over to visit my sister who was a war bride.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe|The day he came home from the hospital, he cried. I held him. I thought he would never stop.I knew that a part of him would never be the same.They cracked more than his ribs.
Amelia Barr|In this life struggle, here I am among you fully cognizant that a true believer has no fear of what God has ordained for him. Those who are visited by fear live only for their present, under the illusion that the world began with them and will end with their departure.
Ray A., Practice These Principles: Living the Spiritual Disciplines and Virtues in 12-Step Recovery to Achieve Spiritual Growth, Character Development, and Emotional Sobriety|Until a few months ago we had a code of honor, and even the worst ruffians behaved with decency. You could leave your gold in a tent with no guard and no one would touch it, but now all that has changed. The law of the jungle rules, the only ideology is greed. Don't let yourself be parted from your weapons, and always travel in pairs or groups, because this is a land of thieves.
Evelyn Waugh, Brideshead Revisited: The Sacred and Profane Memories of Captain Charles Ryder|Billie laughed at that, full and throaty, and once again she became so incandescently beautiful that George was half-tempted to throw a blanket over her, just to stop anyone else from wanting her.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Too many are sorry where they should be assertive, and nearly moved to aggressive radical action, where they should be apologizing to themselves first, and then the world at large.
Oscar Wilde|All bad poetry springs from genuine feeling. To be natural is to be obvious, and to be obvious is to be inartistic.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The smaller the creature, the bolder its spirit.
Israelmore Ayivor|On Jesus' rock, my life abounds; all other floors are slippery grounds. His love for me, is mercy band; any other love is sinking sand.
Yasmine Galenorn, Blood Wyne|What was life has crumbled. What was form, now falls away. Mortal chains unbind and the soul s free. May you find your way to the ancestors. May you find your path to the gods. May your bravery and courage be remembers in song and story, May your parents be proud, and ma our children carry your birthright. Sleep, and wander no more.
Nikki Sixx|Every age can be enchanting, provided you live within it.
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Curse|If you don't have a righteous objective,eventually you will suffer. When you do the right thing for the right reason,the right result awaits.
J.R. Ward, Lover Unleashed|Where do we go from here?"-Kiera"We go nowhere."-Denny
Wendell Berry, Entries|Do you know what a balance wheel is?” She shook her head slightly. “There’s one in every clock or watch. It rotates back and forth without stopping. It’s what makes the ticking sound...what makes the hands move forward to mark the minutes. Without it, the watch wouldn’t work. You’re my balance wheel, Poppy.” -Harry Rutledge
Lila Abu-Lughod, Do Muslim Women Need Saving?|What does freedom mean if we accept the fundamental premise that humans are social beings, raised in certain social and historical contexts and belonging to particular communities that shape their desires and understandings of the world?
Neale Donald Walsch, Conversations With God: An Uncommon Dialogue, Book 2|Life management is not about BUSYNESS; it is about PRODUCTIVENESS and EFFECTIVENESS – major on the major things in life, not the minors.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...it was inevitable I loved you - we were soul mates - for the same reason, we were fated to suffer...
Erika Johansen, The Queen of the Tearling|Even a book can be dangerous in the wrong hands, and when that happens, you blame the hands, but you also read the book.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The more we grow in faith, the less we shall fear.
Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth|I promise you that the same stuff galaxies are made of, you are. The same energy that swings planets around stars makes electrons dance in your heart. It is in you, outside you, you are it. It is beautiful. Trust in this. And you your life will be grand.
Ernesto Che Guevara|A coal miner from Chongjin whom I met in 2004 in China told me, "People are not stupid. Everybody thinks our own government is to blame for our terrible situation. We all know we think that and we all know that everybody else thinks that. We don't need to talk about it.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, The Beautiful Struggle: A Father, Two Sons and an Unlikely Road to Manhood|White Americans have contented themselves with gestures that are now described as "tokenism". For hard example, white Americans congratulate themselves on the 1954 Supreme Court decision outlawing segregation in the schools; they suppose, in spite of the mountain of evidence that has since accumulated to the contrary, that this was proof of a change of heart – or, as they like to say, progress. Perhaps. It all depends on how one reads the word "progress". Most of the Negroes I know do not believe that this immense concession would ever have been made if it had not been for the competition of the Cold War, and the fact that Africa was clearly liberating herself and therefore had, for political reasons, to be wooed by the descendants of her former masters. Had it been a matter of love or justice, the 1954 decision would surely have occurred sooner; were it not for the realities of power in this difficult era, it might very well not have occurred yet.
Anaïs Nin, A Woman Speaks: The Lectures, Seminars and Interviews of Anaïs Nin|We ought to be much more fearful of what we don’t know. We should really be fearful of an unconscious that inhabits us, that guides us, that influences our life and of which we don’t know the face and don’t know the message. Actually I have much less fear since I confronted fears. What’s frightening to me is people whose unconscious leads them, destroys them, and yet they will never stop and look at it. That’s the minotaur in the labyrinth, which many people never come face to face with. There was a very remarkable percussion composer, Edgar Varese, who always mocked psychology, mocked psychoanalysis, mocked psychiatry. He was satirical about it, wouldn’t have any of it. And yet his whole life pattern was self-destructive. He was an innovator and a tremendous musician. But he blocked himself. His biography is out now, and you can see the pattern. You can see this demon that was driving him, the origin of it. He seemed to be a very fearless, strong, tremendous tempered man with great force; he even looked like a Corsican bandit. But he had no power over the forces that were pushing him. That is what frightens me.
Kinoko Nasu, Fate/Stay Night|But, I get this feeling that if I stay close to you, I'll find what I'm looking for
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Is anything truly impossible? Or is it that the path to our goals appears too unclear to follow? It seems to me that if you seek hard enough, pray hard enough, you usually stumble across a scattering of breadcrumbs that marks the trail leading to the goal you once considered beyond your reach.
Ernest Gaines|Like all young men I set out to be a genius, but mercifully laughter intervened.
Miranda Kerr|My daughter is the biggest gift; I've said it so many times and it sounds like a cliche, but the thing about being a parent is when you think you've cracked it, and you're on top of your game, they change again and you have to catch up and adjust. I feel such a responsibility to instill good values in her, to be polite, to have discipline.
Lauren Collins, When in French: Love in a Second Language|I will treat language with resigned delight, embrace it like unrequited love, offer words to you with a kind of secret shame, for I know that sometimes there is such a thing as too much language, and that language can hold a kind of sincerity that is tiresome and overwrought.
Ian McEwan, Nutshell|Revenge may be exacted a hundred times over in one sleepless night. The impulse, the dreaming intention, is human, normal, and we should forgive ourselves. But the raised hand, the actual violent enactment, is cursed. The maths says so. There’ll be no reversion to the status quo ante, no balm, no sweet relief, or none that lasts. Only a second crime. Before you embark on a journey of revenge, dig two graves, Confucius said. Revenge unstitches a civilisation. It’s a reversion to constant, visceral fear.
Molli Moran, As You Turn Away|He knows exactly what I need even when I don’t. I’m not sure how he knows me so well, but he does. He knows that when I try to push him away, it means I need him even more. And when I say I don’t want to talk, it means I really need to. I’m crazy that way and other guys would’ve given up on me months ago. But Garret’s still here and he isn’t going anywhere. Just thinking about that makes me feel like the luckiest girl alive.
Alcoholics Anonymous, Alcoholics Anonymous|For years I’ve been trying to turn myself into someone I’m not. Because that’s what Court wanted. But you get me. I can be the man I want to be with you—the man I’m meant to be. You needed me to be that man. I’m a cop. Always have been, always will be.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When you are angry, close your eyes, you will regain your inner peace.
Charlotte M. Mason, The Original Home Schooling Series by Charlotte Mason|Thought breeds thought; children familiar with great thoughts take as naturally to thinking for themselves as the well-nourished body takes to growing; and we must bear in mind that growth, physical, intellectual, moral, spiritual, is the sole end of education.
Nanette Mathews|We're all a beautiful, wonderful work in progress....Embrace the process!
Tara Bray Smith|Pregressive art can assist people to learn not only about the objective forces at work in the society in which they live, but also about the intensity social character of their interior lives. Ultimately, it can propel people toward social emancipation
George Carlin|[On school uniforms] Don't these schools do enough damage making all these kids think alike, now they have to make them look alike too? It's not a new idea, either. I first saw it in old newsreels from the 1930s, but it was hard to understand because the narration was in German.
Claire Danes|I've always been the type to fall in love fast and, with every boyfriend, I plan out my wedding in my head.
Terence McKenna|You laugh as you sing about dying, you drug yourself up, but you can still see clearly, and you die as you break into a fit of laughter, because asi es la vida in this soup of islands stewed in hunger and the desire to be someone else.
Cecelia Ahern|I believe in the magic of books. I believe that during certain periods in our lives we are drawn to particular books--whether it's strolling down the aisles of a bookshop with no idea whatsoever of what it is that we want to read and suddenly finding the most perfect, most wonderfully suitable book staring us right in the face. Unblinking. Or a chance meeting with a stranger or friend who recommends a book we would never ordinarily reach for. Books have the ability to find their own way into our lives.
Noam Chomsky, Power Systems: Conversations on Global Democratic Uprisings and the New Challenges to U.S. Empire|In his 1907 retirement address, Joseph Pulitzer urged his successors to always oppose privileged classes and public plunderers, never lack sympathy with the poor, always remain devoted to the public welfare, never be satisfied with merely printing news, always be drastically independent, never be afraid to attack wrong, whether by predatory plutocracy or predatory poverty.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With or without payment, the work will be done.
Mike Huckabee|There has to be absolute trust between the tiger and its master, but its master must be the master - there must be no mistake about that.
Ilia Delio O.S.F.|The journey of prayer for Franciscans is the discovery of God at the center of our lives. We pray not to acquire a relationship with God as if acquiring something that did not previously exist. Rather, we pray to disclose the image of God in which we are created, the God within us, that is, the one in whom we are created and in whom lies the seed of our identity. We pray so as to discover what we already have—“the incomparable treasure hidden in the field of the world and of the human heart. (St. Clare)
Oscar Pistorius|I'll tell you, in my life I've never once have seen a Hispanic panhandler, because in our community, it would be viewed as shameful to be out on the street begging. Those are all conservative values - faith, family, hard work, responsibility.
Dharma Publishing, Ways of Enlightenment|Following feeling, relying on liking or wanting, we are not free. The freedom to "do as we like" is not freedom of choice because we are ruled by the powerful property of feeling; we cannot choose apart from liking and disliking. Likes and dislikes may be articulated in the form of sophisticated-sounding opinions, but the decision is made for us by feeling. The Western world places a high value on personal feelings and opinions: Each individual "has a right" to an opinion. But rarely do we question how we have arrived at our opinion. Upon examination, we may discover that opinions tend to stem from convenience, familiarity, and selfishness–what feels good or what is pleasing or comfortable to us. Upon this basis, we act, and receive the consequences of our action. Even if we compile a large number of such opinions, there is no guarantee that we will develop a wise perspective as a ground for action. Often this process only creates a mass of confusion, for opinions of one individual tend to conflict with the opinions of another. If there appears to be agreement, we tend to assume this agreement will remain stable. But agreement only means that the needs of the individuals involved are temporarily similar, and when those needs shift, agreement will evaporate. To make certain decisions, we rely on logic or scientific findings, which are supposedly free from personal opinion but are still weighted with the opinions of a particular culture. This style of knowing is founded on particular distinctions and ignores other possibilities. The evidence is clear that the scope of modern scientific knowledge is limited, for this knowledge is not yet able to predict and control the side-effects resulting from its own use. Its solutions in turn create more problems, reinforcing the circular patterns of samsara. Only understanding that penetrates to the root causes of problems can break this circularity. Until we explore the depths of consciousness, we cannot resolve the fundamental questions that face human beings.
Joanna Russ, On Strike Against God|(Only God can make a tree and She seldom tries, nowadays.)
Walter Dean Myers, Bad Boy: A Memoir|Compromise, while at times morally necessary or at least justifiable, is more often only the first permission for a person (or society) to begin a long downhill descent.
Fernando Pessoa|I had a dream about you last night... if atomic clocks are synced up to a satellite to keep their time accurate, where does the satellite get its time? Is there a chain of atomic clocks setting time for other atomic clocks?
Jeff Brown, Flat Stanley|A virtue is a habit that includes all of these things: actions (you take care of your child even when you don't feel like it), emotions (you are often overtaken by feelings of tenderness and delight), perceptions (you understand your little children better than they understand themselves), choices (you choose to get out of bed and go to the children's room even when you'd much rather not), and thoughts (you think differently, more thoroughly and carefully, about your children than about anyone else in the world). The habit of love includes all these things, but not necessarily all at the same time.
Richard Rohr, Adam's Return: The Five Promises of Male Initiation|True baptism allows us to reframe, and contain, the reality of evil, without needing to blame anyone else, without any need for shame or vengeance. We are all in this together, and our common wound shows itself in different ways.
Ketan Waghmare|For the first time in decades … For the first time in decades, India is experiencing a Revolution.For the first time in decades, there is status quo disruption.For the first time in decades, our Soldiers are receiving the reverence they must get.For the first time in decades, national interest matters more than personal interest.For the first time in decades, the strength of WE is more than self proclaimed VIP Few.For the first time in decades, corrupt politicians are worried about people standing in queueFor the first time in decades, let us try not to get brainwashed in inconvenience debate.For the first time in decades, let us not fall prey to tactics of bait.For the first time in decades, we are up in arms against dishonest coward.For the first time in decades, India is feeling empowered.For the first time in decades, we have an opportunity to rise above caste, creed and religion.For the first time in decades, we are hopeful for the bright future of next generation.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|To the European, it is a characteristic of the American culture that, again and again, one is commanded and ordered to 'be happy.' But happiness cannot be pursued; it must ensue. One must have a reason to 'be happy.' Once the reason is found, however, one becomes happy automatically. As we see, a human being is not one in pursuit of happiness but rather in search of a reason to become happy, last but not least, through actualizing the potential meaning inherent and dormant in a given situation.
Theodor Reik, Of love and lust; on the psychoanalysis of romantic and sexual emotions; from the works of Theodor Reik|The fear to love reaches sometimes the depth of a panic, resembles sometimes the fear to die.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If [Christian leaders] do not teach Christian principles to all followers of Christ, we are not equipping them with God’s truth that willovercome worldly influence.
Mike Barnicle|Popeye was right about spinach: dark green, leafy vegetables are the healthiest food on the planet. As whole foods go, they offer the most nutrition per calorie.
Jacqueline Wilson, Sapphire Battersea|Roses and thorns are parts of the same plant. Somehow though, some people are concerned mainly about the roses. The rose is not on the plant for more than a week, but the thorns are there forever.Roses are teaching that the beauty of life will bloom, once you have taught yourself the lessons given by living with the thorns.
Paulo Coelho, The Zahir|No one should ever ask themselves that: why am I unhappy? The question carries within it the virus that will destroy everything. If we ask that question, it means we want to find out what makes us happy. If what makes us happy is different from what we have now, then we must either change once and for all or stay as we are, feeling even more unhappy.
Tiffany Apan, Descent|The ghosts that exert the most power in people’s lives-at least, the people I know–tend to be of their own making, and consist of equal parts regret and old fears and just plain missing somebody.
Dianne Astle|We may not have the power to move mountains, but if we have the power to take someone's hand and named them loved and forgiven we have power enough.
Subodh Gupta, Stress Management a Holistic Approach|If you are feeling unhappy in life for any reason and often getting negative results, try this -> start replacing negative thoughts with the positive one, make a plan and act on them. The more positive thoughts you have the more positive and happy your will become and results are bound to be positive sooner or later.-Subodh Gupta author "Stress Management a Holistic approach - 5 steps plan
Richelle E. Goodrich|As a writer, you must truly possess a love for words.""Yes, that's right," I agreed."I've noticed that some authors favor particular words, making frequent use of them. Do you have a favorite?"I nodded assuredly and shared my answer. "BECAUSE."My interviewer looked surprised, as though he'd expected an impressive adjective or some rare verb. "That's your favorite word? Why?"I tried not to smirk. "Because.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|What you see, say, think, and believe about yourself affects your feelings, decisions, and actions.
Sunday Adelaja|Did you see any of those who are downtrodden, would that justice help them? Anyone oppressed and suppressed around you take a decision, make plans, strategise, to begin to proclaim and establish justice in your world
Rob Lowe|When you win an election, what you really win is a chance to go to work for working families who need a voice in Minnesota.
Jeff Lemire|I want to help middle-school girls stay interested in math and be good at it, and see it as friendly and accessible and not this scary thing. Everyone else in society tells them it's not for them. It's for nerdy white guys with pocket protectors.
Věra Linhartová|Naming can satisfy a need, it can shorten a conversation that otherwise might go on for hours.
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|If we long for our planet to be important, there is something we can do about it. We make our world significant by the courage of our questions and by the depth of our answers.
Ava Gardner, Ava: My Story|Maybe, in the final analysis, they saw me as something I wasn't and I tried to turn them into something they could never be. I loved them all but maybe I never understood any of them. I don't think they understood me.
Katie Taylor|My dad got me a huge board when I was little. He loves to surf. He suited me up and sent me out on this huge wave. I went under, and when I came out and the board hit me in the face. So I said, I never wanted to do this again. I stayed away until I was 13.
Garth Risk Hallberg|Incidental, all of it, of course, but this was what this city bestowed that novels couldn't: not what you needed in order to live, but what made the living worth doing in the first place.
Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose|So let those people go on weeping and wailing whose self-indulgent minds have been weakened by long prosperity, let them collapse at the threat of the most trivial injuries; but let those who have spent all their years suffering disasters endure the worst afflictions with a brave and resolute staunchness. Everlasting misfortune does have one blessing, that it ends up by toughening those whom it constantly afflicts.
Sunday Adelaja|It does not matter how old you are, whenever God calls you, you must begin to work toward fulfilling that calling
S.L. Northey|It is at midnight, not midday, that stars shine the brightest.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|The error in this conclusion may be most simply demonstrated by means of an actual example. Let us select for this purpose the monetary history of Austria, which Laughlin also uses as an illustration. From 1859 onwards the Austrian National Bank was released from the obligation to convert its notes on demand into silver, and nobody could tell when the State paper-money issued in 1866 would be redeemed, or even if it would be redeemed at all. It was not until the later 'nineties that the transition to metallic money was completed by the actual resumption of cash payments on the part of the Austro-Hungarian Bank.
Paul Di Filippo, Wikiworld|The dentist swiveled on his heels and disappeared, leaving me there to massage my jaw back into feeling after its brief, masochistic marriage to the top of my wooden desk.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|I never paid any attention to people who told me to go out and live. I belonged always to whatever was far from me and to whatever I could never be. Anything that was not mine, however base, always seemed to me to be full of poetry. The only thing I ever loved was pure nothingness.
Douglas Adams, So Long, and Thanks for All the Fish|He felt a spasm of excitement because he knew instinctively who it was, or at least knew who it was he wanted it to be, and once you know what it is you want to be true, instinct is a very useful device for enabling you to know that it is.
Heywood Broun, Seeing Things at Night|I have only a second rate brain, but I think I have a capacity for action.
Erich Fromm|Love is not primarily a relationship to a specific person; it is an attitude, an ordination of character which determines the relatedness of the person to the whole world as a whole, not toward one object of love
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|It is only kindness and love, which can change the human heart.
Ina Garten|Gluttony is an emotional escape, a sign something is eating us.
Gillian Flynn|Even in my comedies, I don't take anger as a joke. I think anger and laughter are very close to each other, when you think about it. One of the things I like about a character: I always think it's fascinating when a character can turn on a dime and go from one emotion to another. I like watching that.
Julie Burchill|The NBA Schedule was made up by one man, Eddie Gottlieb, who had owned the Philadelphia Warriors. Eddie had a Buddha-like body and a crinkly smile, and because he had also been an owner in baseball's old Negro leagues, he was known as the Mogul.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Whatever we want, we just imagination it; the core of attraction.
Joe Wilson|To have the opportunity to lead the Solicitor General's office is the honor of a lifetime. As you know, this is an office with a long and rich tradition, not only of extraordinary legal skill but also of extraordinary professionalism and integrity. That is due, in large measure, to the people who have led it.
Vladimir Nabokov, Lolita|Every night I build a fire for you, Alowa. Every night I dance on the rooftop for you. Look at the flames, Alowa. Aren’t they beautiful? Look at the smoke. I’m dancing in the smoke, Alowa.
Gary Shteyngart, Little Failure|My brothers and sisters of America, there is not the least shadow of hope that India can ever be Christianised. After two hundred years of vain efforts and of spending millions of dollars with the prestige of the conqueror and backed by British bayonets, Christianity is not supported by the converts themselves. Every bit of Protestant Christianity in India is maintained partly by the money flowing from England and America, and partly by taxes imposed upon the Hindus against their will, which must be paid although the people st
Cassandra Kemper, The Madder Woman|You who understand what a human mind can be, how can you bear it? I don't have the hundredth part of your mind and there are days when I think I'll go mad. I can feel it. Or hear it. It's more like hearing something creeping along the walls, just behind my head, getting closer and closer. A big insect, maybe a scorpion. A dry skittering, that's what madness sounds like to me.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|This is a lovely party," said the Bursar to a chair, "I wish I was here.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|If any man wish to write in a clear style, let him be first clear in his thoughts; and if any would write in a noble style, let him first possess a noble soul.
Yevgeny Zamyatin|If we have no heretics we must invent them, for heresy is essential to health and growth.
George Carlin|Words are all we have, really. We have thoughts but thoughts are fluid. Then we assign a word to a thought and we're stuck with that word for that thought, so be careful with words. I like to think that the same words that hurt can heal. It’s a matter of how you pick them.
Alexandra Kleeman, Intimations: Stories|But space shrinks when you get old, and things lose their wonder, and the wisest thing to do then is to try your best to sleep.
Nasri Atallah|I saw a lot of men die there. Most men. Do you know what killed them?”…”Despair,” said Finney. “They believed themselves to be prisoners. I lived with those men, ate the same maggot-infested food, slept in the same beds, did the same back-breaking work. But they died and I lived. Do you know why?” “You were free.” “I was free. Milton was right…the mind is its own place. I was never a prisoner. Not then, not now.
Sarah Bessey, Jesus Feminist: An Invitation to Revisit the Bible’s View of Women|...here is, very simply, what I learned about Jesus and the ladies: he loves us. He loves us. On our own terms. He treats us as equals to the men around him; he listens; he does not belittle; he honors us; he challenges us; he teaches us; he includes us..
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|The years pass in their hundreds and their thousands, and what does any man see of life but a few summers, a few winters? We look at mountains and call them eternal, and so they seem... but in the course of time, mountains rise and fall, rivers change their courses, stars fall from the sky, and great cities sink beneath the sea. Even gods die, we think. Everything changes.
Anne Frank|Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along.
Jonathan Sacks|If you're a single man and you happen to be in this business, you're deemed a player. But I don't see myself as a ladies' man.
Raymond Carver|I tend to think that good and evil exist and that the quantity in each of us is unchangeable. The moral character of people is set, fixed until death.
Calvin Coolidge, The Price of Freedom|We shall learn the qualities of governments in the same way as we learn the qualities of individuals, since they are revealed in their deliberate acts of choice; and these are determined by the end that inspires them.
Johnny Rich, The Human Script|When I left her office, I felt like she'd gut-punched me, brushed me off, slapped me back and forth, gave me a cool compress to put on my cheeks, cold-cocked me with a stiff uppercut to the jaw, picked me up, brushed me off again, then kicked me in the seat of my pants as she handed me a piece of cake and showed me the door.Being a reporter isn't as easy as it looks.
Sara Zarr|Memories, even bittersweet ones, are better than nothing.
Sadghuru|And so man, as existing transcendence abounding in and surpassing toward possibilities, is a creature of distance. Only through the primordial distances he establishes toward all being in his transcendence does a true nearness to things flourish in him.
Donatella Versace|I don't particularly follow the Bauhaus school of design, where you make everything into a black box - simplify it.
Abraham Lincoln|I can see how it might be possible for a man to look down upon the earth and be an atheist, but I cannot conceive how a man could look up into the heavens and say there is no God.
Paulo Coelho|SpyThough at the moment I am a prisoner, my spirit remains free. While everyone is fighting a never-ending battle to see who will survive amid so much bloodshed, I don't need to fight anymore, only wait for people I've never met to decide who I am.
Jacob Latimore|I'd have to say, for me, as a child, my favorite memories were always centered around Christmas time. It always seemed like no matter how much money my parents had or didn't have, we got completely spoiled rotten. There were always presents under the tree, and we always did special things, like hide elves around the house.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|If someone drives you into the dirty gutter, it's because you have given him your car key. Be careful of who leads you and to where and why... else, you will be taken away before you become aware! Be awake!
Scott Stabile|It's easy to waste too many words—and too much energy—on nonsense we don't even care about. What a relief it is to start giving time and energy to what matters most (whatever that is for you). We choose what gets our attention. Why not choose things that are worthy of it?When he chose only to speak about things he absolutely believed, knew to be true, or really cared about, he was delighted by how much less talking he needed to do.
S.A. Tawks, Mule|I don't make people smoke pot or meth, snort coke, put pills or tabs in their mouths or shoot themselves up with heroin. I just transport the stuff.
Elizabeth Wurtzel, Prozac Nation|I feel like a defective model, like I came off the assembly line flat-out fucked and my parents should have taken me back for repairs before the warranty ran out.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|There might not be so much of a difference between the side of Light and the side of Dark as you suppose. After all, without the Dark, there is nothing for the light to burn away.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|Though I love your company, your instructions are wasted her. I will always choose the woman who caries me off, I will always sit with the family of loneliness.
Joseph Wapner|A nation may be born in a day, but the great truths which make for the glory and uplift of the race only through long ages permeate and control humanity. We must have the divine patience and understand the divine mathematics of a thousand years as one day.
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|Every man — in the development of his own personality — has the right to form his own beliefs and opinions. Hence, suppression of belief, opinion and expression is an affront to the dignity of man, a negation of man’s essential na
Krista Tippett, Speaking of Faith|Whether the vessel is a legal document or a rap song, language is often chosen ot exclude. To use a scholarly phrase, "discourse communities" are often gated,so it's the good writer's job to offer readers a set of keys.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Magician|Yet magic is no more the art of employing consciously invisible means to produce visible effects. Will, love, and imagination are magic powers that everyone possesses; and whoever knows how to develop them to their fullest extent is a magician. Magic has but one dogma, namely, that the seen is the measure of the unseen.
Jay Woodman|There were days so clear and skies so brilliant blue, with white clouds scudding across them like ships under full sail, and she felt she could lift right off the ground. One moment she was ambling down a path, and the next thing she knew, the wind would take hold of her, like a hand pushing against her back. Her feet would start running without her even willing it, even knowing it. And she would run faster and faster across the prairie, until her heart jumped like a rabbit and her breath came in deep gasps and her feet barely skimmed the ground.It felt good to spend herself this way. The air tasted fresh and delicious; it smelled like damp earth, grass, and flowers. And her body felt strong, supple, and hungry for more of everything life could serve up.She ran and felt like one of the animals, as though her feet were growing up out of the earth. And she knew what they knew, that sometimes you ran just because you could, because of the way the rush of air felt on your face and how your legs reached out, eating up longer and longer patches of ground.She ran until the blood pounded in her ears, so loud that she couldn't hear the voices that said, You're not good enough, You're not old enough, You're not beautiful or smart or loveable, and you will always be alone.She ran because there were ghosts chasing her, shadows that pursued her, heartaches she was leaving behind. She was running for her life, and those phantoms couldn't catch her, not here, not anywhere. She would outrun fear and sadness and worry and shame and all those losses that had lined up against her like a column of soldiers with their guns shouldered and ready to fire. If she had to, she would outrun death itself.She would keep on running until she dropped, exhausted. Then she would roll over onto her back and breathe in the endless sky above her, sun glinting off her face.To be an animal, to have a body like this that could taste, see hear, and fly through space, to lie down and smell the earth and feel the heat of the sun on your face was enough for her. She did not need anything else but this: just to be alive, cool air caressing her skin, dreaming of Ivy and what might be ahead.
Greg Noack|A Book I Can Put DownI’m halfway throughand I’ve gotten usedto the way it wantsto be read. This writerwants to spoon it up,wants to watch meswallow it. This writermakes a point of gooddeeds, clean living,god and country,when what I wantis sin and shame,the rusty metal edgeof cruelty, varietiesof pain, his motherstill crying years later,just like mine. I wanta writer who’s given upon the moral of the story,one who’ll hand mea knife and sit backto see what I do wi
Courtney Cole, Dante's Girl|Are you following me?" He asked."Us?" I was the first to speak. "Um, maybe. Hi there. How are you tonight?"He looked at me like I might be a bit crazy.
James David Lewis-Williams, The Mind in the Cave: Consciousness and the Origins of Art|Perception is like painting a scenery - no matter how beautifully you paint, it will still be a painting of the scenery, not the scenery itself.
Eugene H. Peterson|The thing about music is it's not an obscure pursuit, it's a very natural thing for human beings to do. Once you put in the effort, the learning curve is very fast.
Beatrix Campbell|You may experience waves of disbelief after each memory you retrieve. Whether as a phase or waves, the disbelief is usually accompanied by massive self-hate and guilt. ‘How can I even think such a thing? I must really be warped,’ you tell yourself.
Jenny Downham, Before I Die|I love you. It hurts more than anything ever has, but I do. So don't you dare tell me I don't. Don't you ever say it again!
Radhe Maa|Love is God, and the one that believes in love, believes in God.
Jules Barbey d'Aurevilly, Le bonheur dans le crime|She was one of those women of good family who no longer exist, elegant, distinguished, and haughty, whose pallor and thinness seem to say, 'I am conquered by the era, like all my breed. I am dying, but I despise you,' and - devil take me! - plebeian as I am, and though it is not very philosophical , I cannot help finding that beautiful.
Imran Khan|The more you study, the more you know; how less you know.
Del Suggs, Truly Leading: Lessons in Leadership|Time is what we want most, but what we use worst.
Andre Agassi|Truly we have had enough experience with sufferance and protection which could be revoked at will. Consequently, the only reasonable Course of action is to work for publicly legalized guarantees.
Madeleine L'Engle, An Acceptable Time|I just want to be enough for you, but I never can be. This can never be enough for you. But this is all you get. You get me, and your family, and this world. This is your life. I'm sorry if it sucks. But you're not going to be the first man on Mars and you're not going to be an NBA star, and you're not going to hunt Nazis.
Kimberly Giles|Every day is a grand adventure into the great unknown and you cannot know what lies around the next corner. So, standing in this place, with the unknown before you, you have only two choices: you can live in trust (believing you are safe and that good things are coming) or you can live in fear (scared of the future and focused on you). Your choice will not change what’s around that next corner, it will be what it’s meant to be, but it will have a big impact on the way you feel today. Do you want to experience today in fear, focused on yourself? Or do you want to experience trust and focus on love? It’s up to you.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|Gently the waves would break (Lily heard them in her sleep); tenderly the light fell (it seemed to come through her eyelids). And it all looked, Mr. Carmichael thought, shutting his book, falling asleep, much as it used to look years ago.
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|I believe there are visions that come to us only in memory, in retrospect.
Idries Shah, The World of the Sufi: An Anthology of Writings about Sufis and Their Work|What is humanity? To feel pain at the sorrows of our neighbours, to feel humiliated at the humiliation of fellow-beings.
Tom Reiss, The Black Count: Glory, Revolution, Betrayal, and the Real Count of Monte Cristo|He felt like the last bullet in a gun meant for revenge, sealed with a kiss.
Ahdaf Soueif|Some people will leave you soon no matter how, but it's not the ending of your story, it's just the ending of their role in your story. cause life goes on, and you should just expect damage from others.
Morag Joss|If I found a job, a project, an idea or a person I wanted-I'd have to depend on the whole world. Everything has strings leading to everything else. We're all so tied together. We're all in a net, the net is waiting and it's precious to you. Do you know who is standing ready to tear it out of your hands? You can't know, it may be so involved and so far away, but someone is ready, and you're afraid of them all. And you cringe and you crawl and you beg and you accept them-just so they'll let you keep it. And look at whom you come to accept.
Anonymous|Wake up, wake up!' He said to me'No, I'm still sleepy,do not disturb me'Wake up me child, see the beautyDon't cry, wipe your tears, He said to me'No, I'm so lonely, Nobody understands me'Don't cry my child, embrace the beautyDon't panic, be calm, He said to me'No, you don't understand,I need to earn money'Don't struggle my child, connect to the beautyDon't blame or attach, He said to me'How can I be loving,When they hurt me?'Don't retaliate my child, show them the beautyDon't withhold your love, He said to me'How can I give FatherWhen they only take from me?'Don't fear my child, I replenish the beauty
Noel DeJesus|Life is like paper; you can throw it away or, you can make something out of it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you are able to be good, be thankful to God.
Muhammad Imran Hasan|Don't Judge People By Their Outer Appearances, Even The Bright Beautiful Moon Has Its Dark Side Which It Keeps Hidden All The Time....
Omar Bongo|You can not possibly have a broader basis for government than that which includes all the people, with all their rights in their hands, and with an equal power to maintain their rights.
Sherry K. White|Today, I feel stronger, learning to live within the natural cycles of a day and to not expect too much of myself. As women, we hold the moon in our bellies. It is too much to ask to operate on full-moon energy three hundred and sixty-five days a year. I am in a crescent phase.
Karl Marx|Men make their own history, but they do not make it as they please.
Nilantha Ilangamuwa|Patriotism, currently, is nothing but the deadly evolution of narrow minded politics which has distorted language.
Leslie Allen, 1, 2 Chronicles|I recall once seeing a commentary advertised as having been written in prison without recourse to other commentaries and by reliance on the Holy Spirit alone. I doubt whether those last two phrases are complementary. If God has set teachers in the church (1 Cor. 12:28; Eph. 4:11) and many have written books, can good come out of ignoring them, let along parading that ignorance as glorifying God? God's work is never a one-man show. The one who represents the visible part of the iceberg must ever ackowledge his or her debt to others. I like to remember that the First Epistle to the Corinthians was from Paul and Sosthenes (1 Cor. 1:1) and that the Epistle to the Colossians was from Paul and Timothy.
Sami Abouzid|Latin Music ….My love for Latin Music is eternal, it all started with my song Vanessa , Vanessa Was a Gorgeous Cuban Girl living nearby my store , one day I was singing in that Store and she heard me singing ,,,she said oh man …I love your voice, you touched my heart , I told her what’s your name ? she said Vanessa , so I came up with the chorus ,,,,,vanessa vanessa vanessa , oh I can’t leave you alone , vanessa vanessa vanessa , oh this love I can’t ignore , she loved it ,,,and challenged me to finish song and of course I won , my 1st single vanessa 2003. Amazing people like vanessa inspiring us to great amazing music
Abby Rosmarin, I'm Just Here for the Free Scrutiny: One Model's Tale of Insanity and Inanity in the Wonderful World of Fashion|Beyond the clumsy, brute force tools of will, determination and hard work — and free from the heavy attachment of want, and the illusions of burden and blocks, is the true technology of creation through beingness.
Nikki Lynn Barrett, A Masterpiece of Our Love|He was always 'checking in' to see if I needed any help with my campaign, which on the surface seemed nice enough, but it was done in a condescending tone that made me want to staple his lip to his tie.
Kaui Hart Hemmings|I've always wanted to buy a sports car. After the England series, I went up to my dad and said that I wanted to buy a sports car and got his consent. On his birthday, I surprised him by bringing it home. It's a Porsche Boxter Limited Edition, and my family was thrilled to see it.
Madhuri Dixit|I never think it's right to chew gum in front of other people, but a lot of times I'll come in for a meeting chewing gum and I'll forget I'm chewing it. Then you don't want to swallow it because it stays in your system for seven years or something, so I've asked to throw it away. I've started to wonder if that's why I didn't get certain movies.
Sam Storms, Practicing the Power|...the Spirit comes to us as a fire, either to be fanned into full flame and given the freedom to accomplish his will or to be doused and extinguished by the water of human fear, control, and flawed theology.
Deborah Day|Encourage, lift and strengthen one another. For the positive energy spread to one will be felt by us all. For we are connected, one and all.
Elizabeth Bishop|Deep down,I lay dormant inside her head,Deep down,I lay the rules inside her head,Deep down,I lay inside inside her heart,Deep down,I know she will never move onBecause deep down, I am always there
Auliq Ice|It is common understanding that communication is at the heart of any organisation. So, why have organisational models not evolved accordingly? To truly leverage the potential of this information age, we need to rethink and redesign organisations
G.K. Chesterton, The Well and the Shallows|I do not feel any contempt for an atheist, who is often a man limited and constrained by his own logic to a very sad simplification.
Norah Lofts|...if you live feeling likeYour glass is half empty, well,It may as well be empty all the way.
Geoffrey Wood|When it hurts, don’t be afraid to say ouch!
Raymond Carver|I could hear my heart beating. I could hear everyone's heart. I could hear the human noise we sat there making, not one of us moving, not even when the room went dark.
Tammy Blackwell, Fate Succumbs|I've got everything ready to go," I said once he was finally awake and dressed.All the tenderness and vulnerability was gone from his face when he said, "Go where?""America?"His eyes narrowed. "This is America.""This is Canada.""Which is in North America."Silly Canadians wanting be part of the Cool Kids Club.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Real success sometimes involves saying no to growth, expansion and gain.
Thomas Carlyle|To reform a world, to reform a nation, no wise man will undertake; and all but foolish men know, that the only solid, though a far slower reformation, is what each begins and perfects on himself.
Kate Mosse, Sepulchre|There is no pattern the human mind can devise that does not exist already within the bounds of nature...Everything we do, see, write, notate, all are an echo of the deep seams of the universe. Music is the invisible world made visible through sound.
Kabir, The Bijak of Kabir|as jolaha ka maram na jana, jinh jag ani pasarinhh tana;dharti akas dou gad khandaya, chand surya dou nari banaya;sahastra tar le purani puri, ajahu bine kathin hai duri;kahai kabir karm se jori, sut kusut bine bhal kori;No one could understand the secret of this weaver who, coming into existence, spread the warp as the world; He fixed the earth and the sky as the pillars, and he used the sun and the moon as two shuttles; He took thousands of stars and perfected the cloth; but even today he weaves, and the end is difficult to fathom.Kabir says that the weaver, getting good or bad yarn and connecting karmas with it, weaves beautifully. 
Meeta Ahluwalia|With each embrace, I poured my soul into his, till his and mine were the same.
Graham Earnshaw, Unsavory Elements: Stories of Foreigners on the Loose in China|The judicial methods used by the Communists in our day are the same as those of the Holy Inquisition. To secure the Reign of Terror, the Communists are as brutal as the Christian Church was during a long period of thirteen hundred years, for the same end. Christianity and Communism, - the Judaic Twins - in merciless brutality do not differ from each other. - The history book of the Holy Inquisition became the textbook of the Communist secret police.
Lin Yutang, The Importance of Living|A good traveler is one who who does not know where he is going to , and a perfect traveler does not know where he came from.
Hugo Chávez|I love books. If they are good books, I love them even more. But even if they are bad books, I still love them.
Alice Hoffman, The Dovekeepers|Music is the cup that holds the wine of silence. Sound is that cup, but empty. Noise is that cup, but broken.
Ayaan Hirsi Ali, Infidel|It is a great shame for anyone to listen to the accusation that Islam is a lie and that Muhammad was a fabricator and a deceiver. We saw that he remained steadfast upon his principles, with firm determination; kind and generous, compassionate, pious, virtuous, with real manhood, hardworking and sincere. Besides all these qualities, he was lenient with others, tolerant, kind, cheerful and praiseworthy and perhaps he would joke and tease his companions. He was just, truthful, smart, pure, magnanimous and present-minded; his face was radiant as if he had lights within him to illuminate the darkest of nights; he was a great man by nature who was not educated in a school nor nurtured by a teacher as he was not in need of any of this.
Chip Brogden|It is easier for the leaders to reject the prophecy and the prophet, particularly if there are some unresolved character issues in the life of the prophet. It provides a legitimate reason to reject the word in the eyes of the people, though not necessarily in the eyes of the Lord. Prophecy has a way of testing our true motives.
Sara Gottfried, The Hormone Reset Diet: Heal Your Metabolism to Lose Up to 15 Pounds in 21 Days|No one ever wants to hear about how stressed out anyone else is, because most of the time everyone is stressed out. Going on and on in detail about how stressed out I am isn't a conversation. It'll never lead anywhere.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|Are you afraid in there?" she said softly, as the men called out for them."No," he said. "I'm not afraid. You lock me in. They won't get me."She closed the door on the little white face, turned the key in the lock. Then she slipped the key into her pocket. The lock was hidden by a pivoting device shaped like a light switch. It was impossible to see the outline of the cupboard in the paneling of the wall. Yes, he'd be safe there. She was sure of it.The girl murmured his name and laid her palm flat on the wooden panel."I'll come back for you later. I promise.
Delphine de Vigan, No and Me|In books there are chapters to separate out the moments, to show that time is going by and things are changing, and sometimes the parts even have titles that are full of promise—'The Meeting', 'Hope', 'Downfall'—like paintings do. But in life there's nothing like that, no titles or signs or warnings, nothing to say 'Beware, danger!' or 'Frequent landslides' or 'Disillusion ahead'. In life you stand all alone in your costume, and too bad if it's in tatters.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|For man, unlike any other thing organic or inorganic in the universe, grows beyond his work, walks up the stairs of his concepts, emerges ahead of his accomplishments. This you may say of man when theories change and crash, when schools, philosophies, when narrow dark alleys of thought, national, religious, economic, grow and disintegrate, man reaches, stumbles forward, painfully, mistakenly sometimes. Having stepped forward, he may slip back, but only half a step, never the full step back. This you may say and know it and know it. This you may know when the bombs plummet out of the black planes on the market place, when prisoners are stuck like pigs, when the crushed bodies drain filthily in the dust. You may know it in this way. If the step were not being taken, if the stumbling-forward ache were not alive, the bombs would not fall, the throats would not be cut. Fear the time when the bombs stop falling while the bombers live- for every bomb is proof that the spirit has not died. And fear the time when the strikes stop while the great owners live- for every little beaten strike is proof that the step is being taken. And this you can know- fear the time when Manself will not suffer and die for a concept, for this one quality is the foundation of Manself, and this one quality is man, distinctive in the universe.
Danielle Steel|The influence of teachers extends beyond the classroom, well into the future. It is they who shape and enrich the minds of the young, who touch their hearts and souls. It is they who shape a nation's future.
Roman Payne|I fancied my luck to be witnessing yet another full moon. True, I’d seen hundreds of full moons in my life, but they were not limitless. When one starts thinking of the full moon as a common sight that will come again to one’s eyes ad-infinitum, the value of life is diminished and life goes by uncherished. ‘This may be my last moon,’ I sighed, feeling a sudden sweep of sorrow; and went back to reading more of The Odyssey.
Andrew Weil|So, in Europe, they're cutting people's retirement and health benefits. And that's what we want to avoid from happening. They're raising taxes, entering a recession. That's the kind of economic program that President Obama has put in place.
Marjorie Celona, Y|Rather than allowing our response to an even affect our breathing, we can learn instead to let our breathing change our relationship to the event.
Ron Chapman, Twisted Madness,: My Apocalyptic World|You coming or not?" he repeated impatiently.I was going to say no. But then, glancing at the curtains, I thought, it's probably no more spooky out there in that cemetery than it is here in my own bedroom!
Castiel Supernatural|After four marriages, and four deaths, she had everything in life a woman might desire: titled position, swollen coffers, the freedom to travel, and a world that accepted her because it was afraid of her.
Molly Friedenfeld|Focus on keeping faith and growing your roots of light so strong and deep that no one, not even yourself, can make you believe something about yourself that is not good for your soul.
Henry Miller|Build your cities proud and high. Lay your sewers. Span your rivers. Work feverishly. Sleep dreamlessly. Sing madly, like the bulbul. Underneath, below the deepest foundations, there lives another race of men. They are dark, sombre, passionate. They muscle into the bowels of the earth. They wait with a patience which is terrifying. They are the scavengers. They emerge when everything topples into dust.
Deb Caletti, The Six Rules of Maybe|My misery was too deep to speak any more. I scanned the page; I was having trouble breathing, as though the oxygen were leaving the room. Amid its devastation my mind flashed from thought to thought, despairingly in search of something left which it could rely on. Not rely on absolutely, that was obliterated as a possibility, just rely on a little,some solace, something surviving in the ruin.
Ellen J. Barrier|Equality in possessions must be the last result of the utmost refinements of civilization; it is one of the conditions of that system of society towards which, with whatever hope of ultimate success, it is our duty to tend.
Saint Bernard|The silver swan, who, living had no note, When death approached unlocked her silent throat.
Unarine Ramaru|If we women were particular about men's characters, we should never get married at all.
Ken MacLeod|Lord of myself, accountable to none, but to my conscience, and my God alone.
Craig Ferguson, Between the Bridge and the River|I had done either too much coke or too little, a constant problem in my life.
Marcel Proust, The Captive & The Fugitive|I could no longer desire physically without feeling a need for her, without suffering from her absence.
Shannon A. Thompson, Minutes Before Sunset|I leaned against the desk, ran my hand over my father’s paperwork, and picked up a pen. Turning around, I shoved it into my father’s hand. "What’s this?" he asked, raising a brow. "You’ll need it to sign my death certificate," I said, pain vibrating my veins against my muscles and bones. "Are we done now?” (Eric)
V.C. Andrews, My Sweet Audrina|All pain seemed to come with lots of blood, and lots of mental anguish, too. I already knew about that. Maybe that was the worst kind of pain, because nobody knew about it but you.
Beth Fantaskey, Jessica's Guide to Dating on the Dark Side|It's healthy to ditch class now and then." To be precise, it was healthier for humans if vampires ditched on days when human blood would be spilt.
Audre Lorde|I am not free while any woman is unfree, even when her shackles are very different from my own.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|That's the secret. If you always make sure you're exactly the person you hoped to be, if you always make sure you know only the very best people, then you won't care if you die tomorrow.
Naveen Jain|How important is failure - yes, failure - to the health of a thriving, innovative business? So important that Ratan Tata, chairman of India's largest corporation, gives an annual award to the employee who comes up with the best idea that failed.
Beth Revis, Across the Universe|Don’t you understand? You are Elder. When you take my role as Eldest, you must dedicate your whole life to this one idea: you are the caretaker of every single person on the ship. They are your responsibility. You can never show weakness in front of them: you are their strength. You can never let them see you in despair: you are their hope. You must always be everything to everyone on board.
Crystal Evans, The Bunna Man: Joe Grind Series|I keep saying that i wish our black women would not stop raising their sons to be like the niggas who left them. I see mothers covering for their deadbeat sons, putting some other child's mother through the same shit, her babyfather put her through. We have spent the last few decades blaming absentee fathers for the lack of "graces" among our young men forgetting that they are raised by women. Women have always been other women's worst enemies. Maybe we need to start asking our mothers, what have they been doing wrong. Trying to smother the only man who won't leave them cause he can't, hes biologically linked to her. Trying to make up for the men who dumped her.Raising monstrous, spoiled brats and then unleashing them on the female population. What we have today is a culture of men raised like daughters who do not know how to be a partner, a man and a father.
Kathryn Perez, Letters Written in White|No, that's where you are wrong. Your mind was full of sadness and darkness. That is a very different thing entirely. On earth it's nearly impossible to know it, but our minds are not at all who we are. Our brains are just an organ. When we died, our minds died too. All of this, all of what is to come, it's your soul. Our souls never die. They are the very root of who we are, not what we are, but who we are.
Jamie Scallion, Making It|His mind buzzed, excited by new possibilities."About Egg, Book 1 "Making it
Charles Lindbergh|No one has the right to ignite a war and lead an occupation and armies to conquer people, invading them and make them suffer all kinds of torture, murder, expulsion, displacement, bombing and terrorism by different lethal prohibited weapons and then come and speak as the savior of the people or a defender of their rights.
Debasish Mridha|A flower is symbol of beauty for eyes, but music is the expression of beauty for ears.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|Death, taxes and childbirth! There's never any convenient time for any of them.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|Ladies, get confident about yourselves, build up your self-worth and esteem, love yourself and be proud of your achievements and your man will adore you for life.
Heena Rathore P., Deceived|So everybody lives the way they're told to.The way they have to. Everybody most of the time. Not ever all the time. Hair style, clothing, manner of speech, ideas, cars, houses, and everything. Just like they have to. Even the way we walk. But not all the time. Comes a time when everybody breaks out. And that's the only characteristic of human nature I know of. Not greed, not obedience, not violence, nor any of those things the capitalists would have us believe are intrinsic. Only rebellion.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|When you smile and no one else is around, you definitely mean it.
Manasa Rao, Love was just a word|By tomorrow Marilyn would forget this moment: Lydia's shout, the shattered edges in her tone. It would disappear forever from her memory of Lydia, the way memories of a lost loved one always smooth and simplify themselves, shedding complexity like scales.
Matthew J. Hefti, A Hard And Heavy Thing|For the good that I would: I do not, but the evil which I would not, I do.
Germany Kent|When success is your only option, positivity has to be your only choice.
Oppong Amankwaa|Free your hearts of anxiety, pain and anger, to have peace within your heart and soul.
Alice Munro, Dear Life: Stories|I have grown up to be many things, but dainty sure as hell isn't one of them.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|Small children believe themselves to be gods, or some of them do, and they can only be satisfied when the rest of the world goes along with their way of seeing things.
Lance Conrad, The Price of Nobility|If you would see a man's heart, knock him down. Then observe how he rises. If you would see his soul, do it a thousand times more.
Tupac Shakur|May not music be described as the mathematics of the sense, mathematics as music of the reason? The musician feels mathematics, the mathematician thinks music: music the dream, mathematics the working life.
Konstantin Balmont|Consider this simple thought. The Lord could have made everything brown. Brown grass, brown flowers, brown sky, brown sea. But He didn't. There is much for us to enjoy in the variety and the beauty of His creation. These things illustrate His essential goodness. God is good. His goodness is seen in all His works.
Abigail Tarttelin|I have a suspicion - and hear me out, 'cause this is a rough one - I have a suspicion that the definition of "crazy" in show business is a woman who keeps talking even after no one wants to fuck her anymore.  The only person I can think of that has escaped the "crazy" moniker is Betty White, which, obviously, is because people still want to have sex with her.
The Calling|I know now, just quite howMy life and love might still go onIn your heart, in your mindI'll stay with you for all of time.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|Great sadnesses … they are the moments when something new has entered into us, something unknown; our feelings grow mute in shy perplexity, everything in us withdraws, a stillness comes, and the new, which no one knows, stands in the midst of it and is silent.
Paige Tyler, Wolf Trouble|When you meet The One you'll know it. She'll latch onto your soul like a god with a bone and won't let go. No matter what either of you say or do, it won't change the fact that you're destined to be together.
Unarine Ramaru|The only pressure I agree to, is my conscious and not peer pressure.
Dorothea Kent|The worst is not so long as we can say  "This is the worst."
Grace Burrowes, Lady Maggie's Secret Scandal|Humanity has determined it is supreme in the kingdom of animals, yet [the] beasts live a less tragic existence...and many of their tragedies are a consequence of so-called human brilliance.
Peter Northouse|Although leaders and followers are closely linked, it is the leader who often initiates the relationship, creates the communication linkages, and carries the burden for maintaining the relationship.
A.L. Davroe, Nexis|What you humans need to do is find beauty in the fact that something is naturally the way it is. Perhaps then you wouldn't be so destructive." [Meems says to Ellani]
Steve Maraboli|My scars tell a story. They are a reminder of times when life tried to break me, but failed. They are markings of where the structure of my character was welded.
Rob Zombie|The biggest problem in my life is trying to be the kind of man that I want to be, the father that I want to be, and how to process the failure of my marriage.
Irene Tomkinson, Not Like My Mother: Becoming a Sane Parent After Growing Up in a Crazy Family|What was so painful about Amy’s death is that I know that there is something I could have done. I could have passed on to her the solution that was freely given to me. Don’t pick up a drink or drug, one day at a time. It sounds so simple; it actually is simple but it isn’t easy; it requires incredible support and fastidious structuring.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of the Island|I wouldn't want to marry anybody who was wicked, but I think I'd like it if he could be wicked and wouldn't.
William J. Federer, Change to Chains-The 6,000 Year Quest for Control -Volume I-Rise of the Republic|Governments do not create, individuals create. Every invention was once just a thought inside someones head.
Georges Bataille, My Mother/Madame Edwarda/The Dead Man|To bracket form and finality out of one's investigations as far as reason allows is a matter of method, but to deny their reality altogether is a matter of metaphysics.
Pansy Schneider-Horst|I never married, but if I had done so, I'm sure I'd have divorced the sod a long time ago. Life is simply too short to hang around with annoying people. That may be why I have so few friends. I'm sure my daughter concurs.
Robert Schuller|Since it doesn't cost a dime to dream, you'll never short change yourself when you stretch your imagination.
Christopher Dines, The Kindness Habit: Transforming our Relationship to Addictive Behaviours|Body scan meditation is mentally scanning through each part of the body with presence. It helps us be one with the body. Thus, we can feel if we are holding on to any tension or heaviness or any static emotions. And by doing so, we can find relief and internal freedom.
Blaise Pascal, Pensées|If we submit everything to reason our religion will be left with nothing mysterious or supernatural. If we offend the principles of reason our religion will be absurd and ridiculous . . . There are two equally dangerous extremes: to exclude reason, to admit nothing but reason.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Souris says you wanted to see me, so here I am. Talk quick before I decide to beat the shit out of you and throw your bloody carcass back across the International Date Line.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|It is so much easier to be nice, to be respectful, to put yourself in your customers' shoes and try to understand how you might help them before they ask for help, than it is to try to mend a broken customer relationship.
Zeeshan Ahmed|But here was where the question of talent became slippery, for who could say whether Spirit-in-the-Woods had ever pulled incipient talent out of a kid and activated it, or whether the talent had been there all along and would have come out even without this place.
George R.R. Martin, A Feast for Crows|Life is a game and you are the player. As you master the game, so you also create it.
Jodi Picoult, The Storyteller|I can be anything – and nothing, and everything at the same time. It all depends on the role I am in.
Cecelia Ahern, The Book of Tomorrow|If I maintain my silence about my secret it is my prisoner...if I let it slip from my tongue, I am ITS prisoner.
Sadie Jones|The first time I drew a Superman story was 'For Tomorrow' with Brian Azzarello in 2004. It didn't really hit me how important it was until I drew a scene early-on in the book that featured Superman crossing paths with a giant, intergalactic space armada.
Dalai Lama XIV|afflictions are classed as peripheral mental factors and are not themselves any of the six main minds [eye, ear, nose, tongue, body and mental consciousnesses]. however, when any of the afflicting mental factors becomes manifest, a main mind [a mental consciousness] comes under its influence, goes wherever the affliction leads it, and 'accumulates' a bad action.there are a great many different kinds of afflictions, but the chief of them are desire, hatred, pride, wrong view and so forth. of these, desire and hatred are chief. because of an initial attachment to oneself, hatred arises when something undesirable occurs. further, through being attached to oneself the pride that holds one to be superior arises, and similarly when one has no knowledge of something, a wrong view that holds the object of this knowledge to be non-existent arises.how do self-attachment and so forth arise in such great force? because of beginningless conditioning, the mind tightly holds to 'i, i' even in dreams, and through the power of this conception, self-attachment and so forth occur. this false conception of 'i' arises because of one's lack of knowledge concerning the mode of existence of things. the fact that all objects are empty of inherent existence is obscured and one conceives things to exist inherently; the strong conception of 'i' derives from this. therefore, the conception that phenomena inherently exist is the afflicting ignorance that is the ultimate root of all afflictions.
Justin Cronin, The City of Mirrors|This is what parenting involved: hard decisions. She was his mother, she reminded herself. He didn't have to like her.
Aldous Huxley|My life is a series of invitations accepted and invitations rejected, and the place I now find myself is often a result of accepting the wrong invitations and rejecting the right ones.
Mary Oliver, Dog Songs|See with your heart, not just your eyes
Kirsty Logan, A Portable Shelter|Many storytellers with possibly more potential than Shakespeare, even though I have not read much of him, could not hit much fame because they treated their stories like their wives. Rather than limiting the emotion only to flirting with their stories, they married them, thus limiting their chances of experimenting.
Lyle Link, Dave Isay|Successes don't teach you much, but mistakes? That's a learning situation.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|You are responsible for who you become... Love yourself, Like your speed; Leave your scars; Live your skills!
Lailah Gifty Akita|It is staggering how completely, fully and fairly life supports you if your negativity will allow the blessings to arrive.
Gary   Hopkins|One of life’s ironies is that the more honest and vulnerable you are, the more others try to discredit you as a fraud and a fake. Shut them up by not caring.
Adolph Saphir, The Hidden Life, Thoughts on Communion With God|Creation is the result, but not the beginning of love. Redemption is the manifestation of God as love, and therefore points to a love of absolute necessity and eternity. God is love, not God became love... It is this love that we are planted by the incarnation, death, and resurrection of Jesus.
Dag Heward-Mills, The Art of Leadership|The heart must be renewed by divine grace, or it will be in vain to seek for purity of life. He who attempts to build up a noble, virtuous character independent of the grace of Christ is building his house upon the shifting sand.
Jay Woodman|I entrain myself (when I remember to)by tuning in to higher frequenciesin the ether, in my soul, everywhere I go,always accessible, always helpfulfor obtaining a higher perspectivein a matter of minutes.
E.M. Forster|In SLA management, you think services, see SLA, hear SLO, perform SLA management.
Antonin Scalia|You're looking at me as though I'm weird. My God! Are you so out of touch with most of America, most of which believes in the Devil? I mean, Jesus Christ believed in the Devil! It's in the Gospels! You travel in circles that are so, so removed from mainstream America that you are appalled that anybody would believe in the Devil! Most of mankind has believed in the Devil, for all of history. Many more intelligent people than you or me have believed in the Devil.
Sōseki Natsume, Kokoro|To tell you the truth, I used to consider it a disgrace to be found ignorant by other people. But now, I find that I am not ashamed of knowing less than others, and I'm less inclined to force myself to read books. In short, I have grown old and decrepit.
William Faulkner, Lion in the Garden: Interviews with William Faulkner, 1926-1962|[M]ost people go through life a wee bit disappointed in themselves. I think we all keep a memory of a moment when we missed someone or something, when we could have gone down another path, a happier or better or just a different path. Just because they're in the past doesn't mean you can't treasure the possibilities ... maybe we put down a marker for another time. And now's the time. Now we can do whatever we want to do.
G.K. Chesterton, What's Wrong with the World|The vanity of intelligence is that the intelligent man is often more committed to 'one-upping' his opponent than being truthful. When the idea of intelligence, rather than intelligence itself, becomes a staple, there is no wisdom in it.
TheDauntlessReader|You're overconfident, mysterious, dark, picky, edgy, cold and have sixty-nine more faults. That's why you're perfect.
Erwin Raphael McManus, Chasing Daylight: Seize the Power of Every Moment|When we are passionate about God, we can trust our passions.
D.B.C. Pierre, Vernon God Little|The Lethean Library, for all its incalculable volumes, is, I know, sadly incomplete without Mr. Goodman's effort.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|There is a correlation between the number of days since a man last had sex, and, the number of women that he is convinced he is in love with, or, the number of things that he is willing to do for a woman.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|We must not attach knowledge to the mind, we have to incorporate it there.
Brittany Burgunder|Soon, when all is well, you're going to look back on this period of your life and be so glad that you never gave up.
Saki|Error regarding life necessary to life. - Every belief in the value and dignity of life rests on false thinking; it is possible only through the fact that empathy with the universal life and suffering of mankind is very feebly developed in the individual. Even those rarer men who think beyond themselves at all have an eye, not for this universal life, but for fenced-off portions of it. If one knows how to keep the exceptions principally in view, I mean the greatly gifted and pure of soul, takes their production for the goal of world-evolution and rejoices in the effects they in turn produce, one may believe in the value of life, because the one is overlooking all other men: thinking falsely, that is to say. And likewise if, though one does keep in view all mankind, one accords validity only to one species of drives, the less egoistical, and justifies them in face of all the others, then again one can hope for something of mankind as a whole and to this extent believe in the value of life: thus, in this case too, through falsity of thinking. Whichever of these attitudes one adopts, however, one is by adopting in an exception among men. The great majority endure life without complaining overmuch; they believe in the value of existence, but they do so precisely because each of them exists for himself alone, refusing to step out of himself as those exceptions do: everything outside themselves they notice not at all or at most as a dim shadow. Thus for the ordinary, everyday man the value of life rests solely on the fact that regards himself more highly than he does the world. The great lack of imagination from which he suffers means he is unable to feel his way into other beings and thus he participates as little as possible in their fortunes and sufferings. He, on the other hand, who really could participate in them would have to despair of the value of life; if he succeeded in encompassing and feeling within himself the total consciousness of mankind he would collapse with a curse on existence - for mankind has as a whole no goal, and the individual man when he regards its total course cannot derive from it any support or comfort, but must be reduced to despair. If in all he does he has before him the ultimate goallessness of man, his actions acquire in his own eyes the character of useless squandering. But to feel thus squandered, not merely as an individual fruits but as humanity as a whole, in the way we behold the individual fruits of nature squandered, is a feeling beyond all other feelings. - But who is capable of such a feeling? Certainly only a poet: and poets always know how to console themselves.
Ernie Pyle|I found a sound that people really liked - I found this basic concept and all I did was change the lyrics and the melody a little bit. My songs, if you listen to them, they're quite a lot alike, like Chuck Berry.
Donald A. Norman|It was just so in the American Revolution, in 1776, the first delicacy the men threw overboard in Boston harbor was the tea, woman's favorite beverage. The tobacco and whiskey, though heavily taxed, they clung to with the tenacity of the devil-fish.
Debasish Mridha|We may not know where we are or where we are going, but we have to go.
Karen Joy Fowler|I’m seeing so much of America today,” Luya kept telling Lowell in nervously accented English. It became a personal catchphrase for him — whenever things were not to his liking, he’d say that — I’m seeing so much of America today.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I might define a ‘journey’ as something that life itself calls me to. And I might then define a ‘trip’ as something I create to avoid a journey by mimicking a journey. And while fear is most certainly part and parcel of both, the latter is emboldened by fear while the former surrenders to it.
J. Warner Wallace, God's Crime Scene: A Cold-Case Detective Examines the Evidence for a Divinely Created Universe|Physical brains are subject to the laws of physics; mental states are subject to the laws of logic. Those who think mental states are entirely physical hold a logically contradictory position. In order to think rationally about their thoughts , they must have the freedom to do so, but this freedom is unavailable if the laws of physics and chemistry are controlling their thoughts.
Nathan Myhrvold|The arc of technology is in the direction of unbreakable encryption, and no laws are going to get in the way of that reality.
Kaitlin D.S. Cammie|She couldn’t help but wonder at the events of recent days, and at how—even in the face of such misfortune, there was so much good,
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|No matter how great the initial chemistry is, if your values are on two different pages, the odds of your marriage working decrease significantly.
Nilesh Rathod, Destiny of Shattered Dreams|Breakup is hard enough to live with, why do we need the paperwork of divorce.
Sarah Palin|Before I became governor of the great state of Alaska, I was mayor of my hometown.And since our opponents in this presidential election seem to look down on that experience, let me explain to them what the job involves. I guess a small-town mayor is sort of like a 'community organizer,' except that you have actual responsibilities.
Liu Yang|Mankind will not forever remain on Earth but, in the pursuit of light and space, will first timidly emerge from the bounds of the atmosphere and then advance until he has conquered the whole of circumsolar space.
Tucker Carlson|A year from now, you're gonna weigh more or less than what you do right now.
Stephanie Lennox, The Authorship Program|Make your skin as thick as you are able to, for your career. Keep it as thin as you can tolerate, for your art.
Nancy Werlin (Author)|Life should be dealt with in small bites, large gulps will choke you.
General (Retd) Pervez Musharraf|To identity friend or foe is often impossible, unless someone commits a hostile act.
Debasish Mridha|Be an example, not an adviser.
Solomon Woytowich|Never stop writing. Whether you’re writing a novel, screen play or just keeping a journal, it’s integral that you make writing a daily process. The proof of the commitment to your craft is just how much time you spend doing it, whether it’s for business or pleasure. Integrate your craft into your every day life, and you’ll be as good as gold.
Sunday Adelaja|Life don't care 'bout sorry's," Will says. "Bad things happen, and you can't let 'em harden you. Whatever happened to yer pa, it ain't yer fault, Nate, and you gotta let it go.
|No matter what it is that you are going through at this very moment, I encourage you to choose perseverance over discouragement. If you hang in strong long enough, sooner or later, this experience would become a thing of the past like the obstacles you defeated in the past.
Arnold Palmer|Democracy is a daring concept - a hope that we'll be best governed if all of us participate in the act of government. It is meant to be a conversation, a place where the intelligence and local knowledge of the electorate sums together to arrive at actions that reflect the participation of the largest possible number of people.
Debasish Mridha|Beauty is not the reflection of your image, but the reflection of the seer's inner vision.
Avijeet Das|And on cold wintry nights she loves listening to Elvis croon "Are you lonesome tonight?" just as I do.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|My spirit has pass'd in compassion and determination around the whole earth.I have look'd for equals and lovers an found them ready for me in all lands,I think some divine rapport has equalized me with them
Magan Vernon, How to Break Up with an Alien|Ace let out a deep breath, squeezing my hand and then letting go. "I know how hard this all is for you and I'm sorry that I haven't been more receptive. I promise from now on I will try my hardest to let you in more. Tell you more about my world and everything that makes me tick."I took his hand and pulled it up to my lips, barely grazing his knuckles. "Deal.
Mark Wahlberg|I never lie. I believe everything I say, so it's not a lie.
Ama H. Vanniarachchy|I was lost in a magical mystic world as I step into the old university library. This place I would say is the birth place of the ‘writer’ in me and still one of my most loved places in the world. It was always peaceful there. Each and every moment I spent their searching for books or walking on unknown paths with the un-quenching thirst for knowledge, is cherished in my mind forever. The dark dusty corners all brown and the smell of old books untouched by readers for years, the quiet long walking passages between overloaded bookshelves were places where my magical world existed.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|Everyone has a story to tell. Everyone is a writer, some are written in the books and some are confined to hearts.
Bela Anĝelo|109They all were children as it were" she saith. Tiring, complaining, and with any colorful thing they are charmingly possessed. Have a second look at their faces; you might be having other things ought to be expressed.
Henri Poincaré, Science and Method|Knowledge is a matter of knowing facts. Wisdom is a matter of understanding and applying principles. A certain amount of knowledge is necessary for wisdom, and without wisdom, knowledge is not only useless, it's dangerous.
Moriah McStay, Everything That Makes You|As the old Ranger adage went "If a person doesn't expect to see someone, odds are he won't.
Adam Smith|Whoever angers you, masters you.
Michael Strahan|Most ball games are lost, not won.
Wiz Khalifa|Winning isn't everything, it's the only thing.
Caitlyn Jenner|I'm a girl, but that doesn't mean I don't appreciate greatness and the struggle of sports. My situation - and I've always said this, even in politics - is may the best man win. I'm not team-bound.
Denny Taylor, From the Child's Point of View|Our ways of seeing are democratic. Unfortunately, they are not bureaucratic. Except in rare circumstances, I no longer believe that it is possible to be both, because when it becomes bureaucratic the struggle is not about pedagogy, it's about power. About who controls the activities that occur in schools. About who controls who participates in American society. About who controls the power base of the twenty-first century.
Shannon L. Alder|True saddness is when someone still thinks your the same person after all these years. They brand you because of their own ego, fear and lack of spirituality. What's sadder is when they are Christian.
Kate Adie|If there ever was a religious war full of terror, it was the crusades. But you can't blame Christianity because a few adventurers did this. That's my message.
Sun Bear, The Medicine Wheel: Earth Astrology|We invite you, in reading this book, to cast away your preconceptions and enter, with us, a magical world where all things are connected to you, and you are connected to all things.
Francine Rivers, A Voice in the Wind|These conquerors of the world are slaves to their passions, and someday their passions will bring them down.
Cameron Monaghan|I think the '70s are always inspiring to me. I was born then, so I have a lot of memories about how my parents were and what kinds of movies I was watching.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|We don't recognize those times in our existence, when fate rolls around to sever relationships, to remove an object of such immense magnitude from our lives. No, on a whim it robs us of our last goodbyes and forces us to try and recall the most irrelevant of things like what they were clothed it the last time we saw them, what the expression was on their face. ~Acronis
Rachel Caine, Glass Houses|You're still here. No beer. I'm not corrupting a minor." a minor," she pointed out. "At least for beer.""Yeah, and by the way, how much does it suck that I'm an adult if I kill somebody, and I'm not if I want a beer?
William Shakespeare, As You Like It|And this our life, exempt from public haunt, finds tongues in trees, books in the running brooks, sermons in stones, and good in everything. I would not change it.
Shilpa Menon|Most scars are destined long before they are experienced. Healing is however, a choice.
Cecelia Ahern, The Time of My Life|Truth is, something that I thought was perfect was taken away from me, and I never wanted perfect again. I wanted middle of the road, stuff I didn’t care about so that I couldn’t lose anything I really loved ever again.
Peggy M. McAloon, Elle Burton and the Reflective Portals|Elle, you have a pure heart. You possess love and compassion for your friends and for people you have never met. You have made a huge difference in the lives of fifteen widows and their children. Those children will now grow up safely and be able to provide opportunities for their own children and grandchildren someday. In the end, you will have made a difference in thousands of lives. That is no small feat.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When you have the grace to speak, declare sacred-utterances.
Lisa Bedrick, How to Walk Worthy of Your Calling|Stay Humble. Often anger comes from our own ego and pride. We don't get our own way and so we get angry. But remember, it's not all about you. :) There are other people on the planet that have wants and needs to. :) If what you want conflicts with what others want, sometime you will have to let them have what they want. Everyone is not here to meet your needs alone. They need to take care of themselves sometimes too. Sometimes anger is an ego trip. It's when we think everyone should cater to our needs and do things our own way. Our pride makes us start to think that it's our way or the highway. But you are not God. No one but God is God. :) You cannot run the universe and you are not perfect. These are all good things to remind ourselves of all the time. Paul says in Romans 12, "Do not think of yourself more highly than you ought, but rather think of yourself with sober judgment." Often times anger comes when we have a high opinion of ourselves and the way we think things SHOULD be done. But no one of is perfect. None of us has a perfect way of doing things. We need to allow for differences in other people and different opinions on things. It is never we are right and everyone else is wrong. We need to admit that sometimes we might be wrong too. Amen. So always remember to stay humble and not think of yourself as being perfect or better than you are. If you are able to see that you too make mistakes all the time, then you will have more grace for other people, and you will then become angry less. Amen.
Natasha Tsakos|I am actually not at all a man of science, not an observer, not an experimenter, not a thinker. I am by temperament nothing but a conquistador — an adventurer, if you want it translated — with all the curiosity, daring, and tenacity characteristic of a man of this sort.
Martin O'Malley|We've got to work to save our children and do it with full respect for the fact that if we do not, no one else is going to do it.
Jackie Shemwell, The Devil in Canaan Parish|Every time you cry, your tears put out my candle.
Lynn Cullen, Mrs. Poe|Whenever you see this much wealth, assume that someone dirtied his hands. Fortunes don't come to saints.
George Best|I have respect for what other people believe. What I believe in my own life is that it's a search for how I can do things better, whether it's being a better man or a better father or finding ways for myself to improve.
Katie Reus, A Covert Affair|The special please," she said, waving a coupon from the week's paper. "The young rejuvenating facial. I want to look thirty."	"Mom," Jonathan said. "It's a facial, not a magic wand."	She rolled up the paper and swatted him with it. "Fine, I'll take forty." She gave Lily a hug. "And you! How lovely to see you again!" She turned to Jonathan. "So... you can make me look forty, right?"	"How about gorgeous?" Jonathan asked his mom. "Does gorgeous work for you?
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Who are you’ is a question of both substance and position. In other words, what is the authority of your voice, service, product or performance in relation to the needs of those you intend to serve? Secondly, have you defined and demystified yourself enough to be accepted as the solution of choice?
Ruth Ozeki, A Tale for the Time Being|Am I crazy?" she asked. "I feel like I am sometimes." "Maybe," he said, rubbing her forehead. "But don't worry about it. You need to be a little bit crazy. Crazy is the price you pay for having an imagination. It's your superpower. Tapping into the dream. It's a good thing not a bad thing.
David Graeber, Fragments of an Anarchist Anthropology|America operates under the notion of equality before the law. Basic fairness is an article of faith. We may not agree on everything all of the time, but we select our leaders together. And when we don’t want them anymore, we get rid of them.
Julie Connor, Dreams to Action Trailblazer's Guide|Your life is enriched with meaning when allow yourself to become inspired, set goals, and charge after them with passion.
D. Martyn Lloyd-Jones, Spiritual Depression: Its Causes and Cure|When I look at my life and at the secret color which it has, I feel as if tears were trembling in my heart. I am just as much the lips that I have kissed as the nights spent in the 'House before the World,' just as much the child brought up in poverty as this frenzied ambition and thirst for life which sometimes carry me away.
Natalie Standiford, The Boy on the Bridge|how we rolled up the carpet so we could dance, and the days were bright red, and every time we kissed there was anotherappleto slice into pieces.Look at the light through the windowpane. That means it's noon,that meanswe're inconsolable.Tell me how all this, and love too, will ruin us.These our bodies, possessed by light.Tell me we'll never get used to it.
Charles Portis, True Grit|Referencing 2 Corinthians 4:6, Robert Hewitt compares jars of clay in the first century to the same value we would put on a cardboard box. Joni Eareckson Tada queries whether we would question God's right to leave some holes in the box in order to give glimpses of the treasure inside
Malcolm X|Everyone has the right to make his own decisions, but none has the right to force his decision on others.
Michael J. Sullivan, Age of Myth|Memories are like a box full of chocolates, you can't have them all at once.
H.P. Lovecraft, The Dream-Quest of Unknown Kadath|He'd lived so long in anticipation of his own death that to contemplate his future was like standing at the edge of a cliff, staring into a vertiginous rush of open sky.
Kristin Cashore, Fire|Fire looked into his quiet eyes, touched his dear familiar face and considered the question.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 2|Time flies, whether you’re wasting it or not.
Italo Calvino, Difficult Loves|Amedeo loved thick tomes, and in tackling them he felt the physical pleasure of undertaking a great task. Weighing them in his hand, thick, closely printed, squat, he would consider with some apprehension the number of pages, the length of the chapters, then venture into them, a bit reluctant at the beginning, without any desire to perform the initial chore of remembering the names, catching the drift of the story; then he would entrust himself to it, running along the lines, crossing the grid of the uniform page, and beyond the leaden print the flame and fire of battle appeared, the cannonball that, whistling through the sky, fell at the feet of Prince Andrei, and the shop filled with engravings and statues where Frederic Moreau, his heart in his mouth, was to meet the Arnoux family. Beyond the surface of the page you entered a world where life was more alive than here on this side…
Slavoj Žižek|We Slovenians are even better misers than you Scottish. You know how Scotland began? One of us Slovenians was spending too much money, so we put him on a boat and he landed in Scotland.
Denise Levertov|Keep Moving...Move forwardLet go Give inDecideand just DoProgress every dayAnd make one step forward no matter what's in your wayKeep moving, till one day you wake up and you're there.
George Foreman|I always was an early-morning or late-night writer. Early morning was my favorite; late night was because you had a deadline. And at four in the morning, you make up some of your most absurd jokes.
Carolyn Riker, Blue Clouds: A Collection of Soul’s Creative Intelligence|The Moon is always there. A half blink of shadow, a crescent of an eyelash, opulent in fullness, spellbound in nothingness, and a friend.
Richelle Mead, Vampire Academy|There was so much testosterone in the air, I felt like I needed a gas mask.
Marc-Alain Ouaknin, The Burnt Book: Reading the Talmud|Innovation is a mindset, and that’s where governance comes in.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|This pace and rhythm I speak of is constantly adjusting through discernment and sensitivity to all aspects of our life and being. As you notice more joy and resolution in your life through the movement toward what you yearn for, you naturally adjust in such a way that you invest more in that direction. If the idea of yearning and acting on what you yearn for causes more aggravation and suffering, you’re not looking at the elements accurately, or the idler is fighting against it.
Neilson Voyne Smith, Chomsky: Ideas and Ideals|it had been briefed that when Culture people didn’t speak Marain for a long time and did speak another language, they were liable to change; they acted differently, they started to think in that other language, they lost the carefully balanced interpretative structure of the Culture language, left its subtle shifts of cadence, tone and rhythm behind for, in virtually every case, something much cruder.
E.M. Forster, A Room with a View|As it so happens, I like your mouth.""It doesn't -- ""Challenge me?" He set the bottle down and moved to the end of the bed. "An outspoken woman makes the world a livable place. You have fire in you, and I would never put that out.
Lurlene McDaniel, Don't Die, My Love|Sometimes we have to behave indifferent towards people who proclaim their love to us, just to see if they are really different.
Rainbow Rowell, Attachments|And there wasn’t anything he wanted to do that he couldn’t make time for. What did he have to mope about, really? What more did he want? Love, he could hear Eve saying. Purpose. Love. Purpose. Those are the things that you can’t plan for. Those are the things that just happen. And what if they don’t happen? Do you spend your whole life pining for them? Waiting to be happy?
Julia London|Of the things which nourish the imagination, humour is one of the most needful, and it is dangerous to limit or destroy it.
Owen Johnson, Stover at Yale|Brockhurst, the champion of individualism, was soon launched on his favorite topic."The great fault of the American nation, which is the fault of republics, is the reduction of everything to the average. Our universities are simply the expression of the forces that are operating outside. We are business colleges purely and simply, because we as a nation have only one ideal—the business ideal.""That's a big statement," said Regan."It's true. Twenty years ago we had the ideal of the lawyer, of the doctor, of the statesman, of the gentleman, of the man of letters, of the soldier. Now the lawyer is simply a supernumerary enlisting under any banner for pay; the doctor is overshadowed by the specialist with his business development of the possibilities of the rich; we have politicians, and politics are deemed impossible for a gentleman; the gentleman cultured, simple, hospitable, and kind, is of the dying generation; the soldier is simply on parade.""Wow!" said Ricketts, jingling his chips. "They're off.""Everything has conformed to business, everything has been made to pay. Art is now a respectable career—to whom? To the business man. Why? Because a profession that is paid $3,000 to $5,000 a portrait is no longer an art, but a blamed good business. The man who cooks up his novel according to the weakness of his public sells a hundred thousand copies. Dime novel? No; published by our most conservative publishers—one of our leading citizens. He has found out that scribbling is a new field of business. He has convinced the business man. He has made it pay.
Doug Harvey|Beauty is nature's brag, and must be shown in courts, at feasts, and high solemnities, where most may wonder at the workmanship.
James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology|In an age of dynamic malware obfuscation through operations such as mutating hash, a hyper-evolving threat landscape, and technologically next generation adversaries, offensive campaigns have an overwhelming advantage over defensive strategies.
Trey Parker|Love isn't a decision. It's a feeling. If we could decide who we loved,it would be much simpler, but much less magical
Bill Wilson, Christianity in the Crosshairs: Real Solutions Discovered in the Line of Fire|Teaching yoga itself is great karma yoga, because it reconnects people to the source.
Shirley Jackson|...if I were an angel of the Lord, I would mark the doors of each of my children's homes with an X, so that plague and misfortune would pass over them. Alas, I lack the qualifications. So when there was still world and time enough I fretted. I nagged. I corrected. I got everything wrong.
Gregory Maguire, Son of a Witch|Under every roof, a story, just as behind every brow, a history
Debajyoti Ghosh|Human being one should have independent judgment capability and natural intelligence. Human should not behave like a dog - if one dog started to bark, then other dogs joins to bark for support.
Walter Cronkite|Whatever the cost of our libraries, the price is cheap compared to that of an ignorant nation.
Hannah Witton|Me as a woman liking myself, is an act of social defiance!
Brené Brown, Daring Greatly: How the Courage to Be Vulnerable Transforms the Way We Live, Love, Parent, and Lead|Vulnerability is not knowing victory or defeat, it’s understanding the necessity of both; it’s engaging. It’s being all in.
Robert Coover, The Public Burning|Oh, he shouldn't be surprised, he's a Marxist and has nothing but contempt for the bourgeois capitalist press, yet paradoxically he is also somehow an Americanist and a believer in Science and Freedom and History and Reason, and it dismays him to see cruelty politely concealed in data, madness taken for granted and even honored, truth buried away and rotting in all that ex cathedra trivia--my God! something terrible is about to happen, and they have time to editorialize on mustaches, advertise pink cigarettes for weddings, and report on a lost parakeet! Ah, sometimes he just wants to ram the goddamn thing with his head in an all-out frontal attack, wants to destroy all this so-called history so that history can start again.
Shaun Hick, The Ghost And Its Shadow|That image of a chessboard — an epic contest between two giant players, carefully nudging their pieces around the globe as part of a grand strategy — has indeed become a familiar metaphor for the Cold War. But it is misleading. Many decisions remembered today for their farsighted, tactical brilliance were denounced in their day as weak-willed. And big, public gestures often made less difference than the small, hidden ones.
christina kassabian schaefer|On problems finding female ancestors,of any background, remember "I cannot put gas in my car without a note from my husband. The Car, the house, and everything else I think that I own is in his name. When I die, I cannot decide who will receive my personal effects. If he dies first I may be allowed to stay in my own home, or may be given a certain number of days to vacate the premises. Any real estate I inherit from my husband is not mine to sell of devise in a will. All the money I earn belongs to my husband. I cannot operate or engage in business in my own name. If my ancestor is enslaved, I cannot marry, may not be allowed to raise my own children, join a church, travel freely, own property or testify against those who harm me.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón|Never trust anyone Daniel, especially the people you admire
Alexandra Adornetto, Halo|If you're worried about safety, you might like to follow my example and put on that seat belt.""The what?"Xavier shook his head in disbelief."You worry me," he muttered.
Ella Leya, The Orphan Sky|You and your husband have, I think, been very fortunate to know so little, by experience, in your own case or in that of your friends, of the wicked recklessness with which people repeat things to the disadvantage of others, without a thought as to whether they have grounds for asserting what they say. I have met with a good deal of utter misrepresentation of that kind. And another result of my experience is the conviction that the opinion of "people" in general is absolutely worthless as a test of right and wrong. The only two tests I now apply to such a question as the having some particular girl-friend as a guest are, first, my own conscience, to settle whether I feel it to be entirely innocent and right, in the sight of God; secondly, the parents of my friend, to settle whether I have their full approval for what I do. You need not be shocked at my being spoken against. Anybody, who is spoken about at all, is sure to be spoken against by somebody: and any action, however innocent in itself, is liable, and not at all unlikely, to be blamed by somebody. If you limit your actions in life to things that nobody can possibly find fault with, you will not do much
Suzan DelBene|The environmental movement, like all political processes, reacts best to disasters. But these are very slow, very gradual disasters in the making.
Danny MekiÄ‡|Law should be a literary profession,' RGB says, 'and the best legal practioners regard law as an art as well as a craft.
Rose Wilder Lane|Anyone who says that economic security is a human right, has been to much babied. While he babbles, other men are risking and losing their lives to protect him. They are fighting the sea, fighting the land, fighting disease and insects and weather and space and time, for him, while he chatters that all men have a right to security and that some pagan god—Society, The State, The Government, The Commune—must give it to them. Let the fighting men stop fighting this inhuman earth for one hour, and he will learn how much security there is.
Diane Ackerman|Anticipating their calamity and fright when deportation day came (August 6, 1942) he [Henryk Goldszmit, pen name: Janusz Korczak] joined them aboard the train bound for Treblinka, because, he said, he knew his presence would calm them—“You do not leave a sick child in the night, and you do not leave children at a time like this.” A photograph taken at the Umschlagplatz (Transshipment Square) shows him marching, hatless, in military boots, hand in hand with several children, while 192 other children and ten staff members follow, four abreast, escorted by German soldiers. Korczak and the children boarded red boxcars not much larger than chicken coops, usually stuffed with seventy-five vertical adults, though all the children easily fit. In Joshua Perle’s eyewitness account in The Destruction of the Warsaw Ghetto, he describes the scene: “A miracle occurred, two hundred pure souls, condemned to death, did not weep. Not one of them ran away. None tried to hide. Like stricken swallows they clung to their teacher and mentor, to their father and brother, Janusz Korczak.”In 1971, the Russians named a newly discovered asteroid after him, 2163 Korczak, but maybe they should have named it Ro, the planet he dreamed of. The Poles claim Korczak as a martyr, and the Israelis revere him as one of the Thirty-Six Just Men, whose pure souls make possible the world’s salvation. According to Jewish legend, these few, through their good hearts and good deeds, keep the too-wicked world from being destroyed. For their sake alone, all of humanity is spared. The legend tells that they are ordinary people, not flawless or magical, and that most of them remain unrecognized throughout their lives, while they choose to perpetuate goodness, even in the midst of inferno.
Tracey Gold|I am a great believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it.
Karen Salmansohn|Embrace your weirdness. Some will adore you. Others won't. But who cares? Worry about loving yourself, not loving the idea of other people loving you.
Nicholas Stern|GIS is waking up the world to the power of geography, this science of integration, and has the framework for creating a better future.
Alexandra Timmer|Vincent Van Gogh used to eat yellow paint because he thought it would get the happiness inside him. Many people thought he was mad and stupid for doing so because the paint was toxic, never mind that it was obvious that eating paint couldn't possibly have any direct correlation to one's happiness, but i never saw that.If you were so unhappy that even the maddest ideas could possibly work, like painting the walls of your internal organs yellow, then you are going to do it. It's really no different than falling in love or taking drugs. There is a greater risk of getting your heart broken or overdosing, but people still do ir everyday because there was always that chance it could make things better.Everyone has their own yellow paint.
H.P. Lovecraft|You have been my friend in the cosmos; you have been my only friend on this planet - the only soul to sense and seek for me within the repellent form which lies on this couch. We shall meet again - perhaps in the shining mists of Orion’s Sword, perhaps on a bleak plateau in prehistoric Asia. Perhaps in unremembered dreams tonight; perhaps in some other form an aeon hence, when the solar system shall have been swept away.
Jakub Marian, Improve your English pronunciation and learn over 500 commonly mispronounced words|It may be a silly way, but if you remember that an owl looks like ʌ(OO)ʌ, it will perhaps help you remember that it is pronounced with something close to 'ʌoo'.
Louis Hoffman, Existential Psychology East-West|Freedom can only be understood in the context of destiny, or those things which limit our freedom.
Neil Gaiman, M Is for Magic|M is for magic. All the letters are, if you put them together properly. You can make magic with them, and dreams, and, I hope, even a few surprises...
Paula Stokes, This is How it Happened|They were people, Tom and Daisy-they smashed up things and creatures and then retreated back into their money or their vast carelessness, or whatever it that kept them together, and let other people clean up the mess they made....
Michael Kelahan, The World's Greatest Love Letters|..I learned that there's a kind of love which must feel like coming home,...
Ernest Becker, The Denial of Death|We called one's lifestyle a vital lie, and now we can understand better why we said it was vital: it is a necessary and basic dishonesty about oneself and one's whole situation... We don't want to admit that we are fundamentally dishonest about reality, that we do not really control our own lives.
Lynn Weingarten, Wherever Nina Lies|Leave him alone!" Debbie shouted."Shut up, please, or I'll kill you," Mr Tiny replied.
Anne Fadiman, The Spirit Catches You and You Fall Down: A Hmong Child, Her American Doctors, and the Collision of Two Cultures|If today you can take a thing like evolution and make it a crime to teach it in the public school, tomorrow you can make it a crime to teach it in the private schools, and the next year you can make it a crime to teach it to the hustings or in the church. At the next session you may ban books and the newspapers. Soon you may set Catholic against Protestant and Protestant against Protestant, and try to foist your own religion upon the minds of men. If you can do one you can do the other. Ignorance and fanaticism is ever busy and needs feeding. Always it is feeding and gloating for more. Today it is the public school teachers, tomorrow the private. The next day the preachers and the lectures, the magazines, the books, the newspapers. After while, your honor, it is the setting of man against man and creed against creed until with flying banners and beating drums we are marching backward to the glorious ages of the sixteenth century when bigots lighted fagots to burn the men who dared to bring any intelligence and enlightenment and culture to the human mind.
Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses|If your boundary training consists only of words, you are wasting your breath. But if you 'do' boundaries with your kids, they internalize the experiences, remember them, digest them, and make them part of how they see reality.
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|Before the thunderous clamor of political debate or war set loose in the world, love insisted on its promise for the possibility of human unity: between men and women, between blacks and whites, northerners and southerners, haves and have-have-nots, self and self.
Groucho Marx|The secret of life is honesty and fair dealing. If you can fake that, you've got it made.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Time is an imp—a pesky, little, hellish troll that hastens the clock when I smile but then delays the passing of minutes when I frown.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|You have merories?Lost somebody, which will mean he has died or something is going and you can't stop it the time eats so he dies...You lost a lot of choices??Did you...As far as I can tell, I think that I'm rich. I have one treasure and that's it, it's fill with such stuff.
Sunday Adelaja|A person or nation begins to live and act according to the word of God, as a result of change in the value system and therefore life around them changes.
Compton Gage, Devil's Inception|This is the vital difference between Conscious Beings, which we are morphing into organically, and those who are asleep or unconscious.
John Waters|Collect books, even if you don't plan on reading them right away. Nothing is more important than an unread library.
L.J. Smith|It's not wrong to hustle hustlers. It's like killing murderers, a public service. -Damon Salvatore
Michael Marshall Smith, Only Forward|How many times have you tried to talk to someone about something that matters to you, tried to get them to see it the way you do? And how many of those times have ended with you feeling bitter, resenting them for making you feel like your pain doesn't have any substance after all?Like when you've split up with someone, and you try to communicate the way you feel, because you need to say the words, need to feel that somebody understands just how pissed off and frightened you feel. The problem is, they never do. "Plenty more fish in the sea," they'll say, or "You're better off without them," or "Do you want some of these potato chips?" They never really understand, because they haven't been there, every day, every hour. They don't know the way things have been, the way that it's made you, the way it has structured your world. They'll never realise that someone who makes you feel bad may be the person you need most in the world. They don't understand the history, the background, don't know the pillars of memory that hold you up. Ultimately, they don't know you well enough, and they never can. Everyone's alone in their world, because everybody's life is different. You can send people letters, and show them photos, but they can never come to visit where you live.Unless you love them. And then they can burn it down.
Faith Sullivan, Hold Me Tight|I want to spend the rest of my days with you by my side. I'm on this earth to breathe your air. There's no one else I want to surrender to, fight for, be with. No one has ever made me feel the way you do." He paused. "You scare the shit out of me at the same time you make me feel invincible. You are the love of my life.
James Bovard|Fraud, robbery, and murder have characterized the English usurpation of the government of our country. Why, for the last fifty years we have been robbed in the matter of taxes of hundreds of millions.
Sachin sawariya|The secret to lifelong friendship is to treat is not just as a gift, but also as a responsibility. Thanks for playing your part to perfection....
