Maya Angelou|I have seen many storms in my life. Most storms have caught me by surprise, so I had to learn very quickly to look further and understand that I am not capable of controlling the weather, to exercise the art of patience and to respect the fury of nature.
Émile Zola|If you ask me what I came to do in this world, I, an artist, will answer you: I am here to live out loud.
Anaïs Nin, Little Birds|He had never seen her body so abandoned, so unconscious of all but the desire to be taken and satisfied. She bloomed under his caresses, no longer the girl but the woman already being born.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Circle of Quiet|Our country in general assumes that "the pursuit of happiness" really means "the pursuit of pleasure" and that therefore pleasure is the greatest good.
Daniel Polansky, The Builders|The Quaker did not scream: not when the blood began to come swiftly down his face, not when the force of Elf's attack carried both of them tumbling out over the walls and down into the ether, the desperate and hoped-for outcome, a fatal embrace descending, together forever, into the darkness.
Jerry Pinto, Em and The Big Hoom|It is like oil. Like molasses, slow at first.Then one morning I woke up and it was flowing free and fast. I thought I would drown in it. I thought it would drown little you and Susan. I got up, got dressed and went out onto the road and tried to jump in front of a bus. I thought it would be a final thing, quick like a bang. Only , it wasn't.
Si Robertson|For most secrets are kept by these: the darkness, the silence, and the cat.
N.T. Wright, Simply Jesus: A New Vision of Who He Was, What He Did, and Why He Matters|But surely the commute that defines the era was Noah's voyage aboard his eponymous ark, and to this day it remains the most epic commuting story ever told. As most people know, God felt that Earth had essentially "jumped the shark" (or "raped the angel" as they used to say back then), so rather than try to fix it, He instead decided to simply wash everyone away in a great flood and start over from scratch--just as you might do to your computer's hard drive if it has a really bad virus. So God spoke to Noah and commanded him to build an ark, aboard which he'd carry two of every animal in the world....Thus was born humankind's lust for gigantic vehicles, for God's instructions to Noah were basically the world's first car commercial, and the sales pitch was this: Large vehicles are your salvation.
Nenia Campbell, Bound to Accept|It's like an itch, isn't it? You can feel it in your throat. You want to scream for me.
Robert J. Shiller|But while success and failure depend on conditions, the mind neither waxes nor wanes.
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|Stealing regular stuff was no fun. She wanted a real challenge. Over the last two years, she'd picked the most difficult places to enter. Then she'd snuck in.And eaten their dinners.
Tyler Cowen|If we want to improve American food and make it much cheaper, we should deregulate the food trucks and the other street vendors, provided they meet certain sanitation standards. Many cities have already moved down this path, and people are not keeling over with salmonella.
Brad Feld|Ever since Israel has been a nation the United States has provided the leadership. Every president down to the ages has done this in a fairly balanced way, including George Bush senior, Gerald Ford, and others including myself and Bill Clinton.
Yuvraj Singh|Just as characteristic, perhaps, is the intellectual interdependence created through the development of the modern media of communication: post, telegraph, telephone, and popular press.
Garry Douglas Kilworth, Hunter's Moon|Importance of dreams is not in using - importance is in having. You think dreams must mean something real, that fantasy bad for the soul. All wrong, all wrong. Fantasy just as important as reality. Reality is feeding body - finding food for keep alive. Fantasy feeds spirit. Soul need food same as body, and dreams, philosophies, stories, creations, all food for spirit, see?
Steven James, The King|What would it be like to think what a gerbil thinks, from a gerbil's point of view? Kind of like Thomas Nigel's 1974 paper, 'What Is It Like to Be a Bat?' There's a subjective character of experience that's never captured in reductive accounts. Know what I mean?''Um . . . Sure.
Gerald Chertavian|I wouldn't ever say if you're having tough times then there must be something wrong with you or your attitude. Life's a fight. It's a good fight of faith. I encourage people to stay up, stay hopeful, stay faith-filled.
Seamus Heaney|In truth, the only restrictions on our capacity to astonish ourselves and each other are imposed by our own minds.
Ossie Davis|As a father, my first priority is to help my sons set and attain personal goals so they will develop self-confidence and individual strength. Engaging in regular fitness activities with my children helps me fulfill those responsibilities.
David C. Alves, We're the sons of God. . .So What?: Believe God About Who You Really Are!|The British call junzi a "gentleman," no surprise. The Americans have no gentlemen, so they translate junzi as "the superior man." The Germans have no gentlemen either, and "superior man" is reserved, so they call junzi an "edler" meaning a person of noble blood. To sum up, all Europeans call junzi anything but junzi, which is quite a scandal.
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Night|I've traveled all over the world for the Institute, but I never dreamed I'd meet someone like you.""Strong?"A chuckle escaped her. "Yes.""Handsome?""Of course.""Sharp of wit and skilled with a sword?""Absolutely." An other chuckle. "But I mean a man… friend… guy. Oh, I don't know what to call you!"He savored her amusement—and her earnest words. "Just call me yours. That is all I want to be."(Ashlyn and Maddox)
Virginia Woolf|If you drink the good wine of the noble countess, you have to entertain her less desirable friends.
Anonymous|With God, all things are possible. Matthew 19:26
Pauline Hanson|The utmost thing is the user experience, to have the most useful experience.
Jacob M. Appel|Life is too short, you know? You have to make the best of it. Do things most teenagers wouldn’t do.
Robin McKinley, Dragonhaven|But I'm going to try to tell the truth. Except for the parts I'm leav­ing out, because there's still stuff I'm just not going to tell you. Get used to it.
Madonna Ciccone|I love a man with a great sense of humor and who is intelligent - a man who has a great smile. He has to make me laugh. I like a man who is very ambitious and driven and who has a good heart and makes me feel safe. I like a man who is very strong and independent and confident - that is very sexy - but at the same time, he's very kind to people.
Amy Andrews, Limbo: The Joy Valentine Mysteries Book 1|Even dead he won't let me go!"	"Third time's the charm.
Arturo Pérez-Reverte, The Sun Over Breda|He who kills from afar knows nothing at all about act of killing. He who kills from afar derives no lesson from life or from death; he neither risks nor stains his hands with blood, nor hears the breathing of his adversary, nor reads the fear, courage, or indifference in his eyes. He who kills from afar tests neither his arm, his heart, nor his conscience, nor does he create ghosts that will later haunt him every single night for the rest of his life. He who kills from afar is a knave who commends to others the dirty and terrible task that is his own.
Joseph Hansen, Early Graves|She was sad and lost and alone in the dark," Cecil said. "She needed somebody to hold her.""And you think she's going to get tired of that?""You did," Cecil said. "You shut me right out.""It was your decision, not mine," Dave said. "You are the dearest thing in life to me. You're bright and funny and gentle and decent and full of life. And I will never get tired of you, and neither will Chrissie. It's not up to her anyway. You're the adult. Tell her the truth -- that it was an act of kindness that got out of hand.""I can't hurt her like that," Cecil said. "It will hurt more the longer you let it go on.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|Shadow is the blue patch where the light doesn’t hit. It is mystery itself, and mystery is the ancients’ ultima Thule, the modern explorer’s Point of Relative Inaccessibility, that boreal point most distant from all known lands. There the twin oceans of beauty and horror meet. The great glaciers are calving. Ice that sifted to earth as snow in the time of Christ shears from the pack with a roar and crumbles to water. It could be that our instruments have not looked deeply enough. The RNA deep in the mantis’s jaw is a beautiful ribbon. Did the crawling Polyphemus moth have in its watery heart one cell, and in that cell one special molecule, and that molecule one hydrogen atom, and round that atom’s nucleus one wild, distant electron that split showed a forest, swaying?
Alin Sav|Be the voice, that can be heard without a microphone.
Leopold von Sacher-Masoch|Work on." Work as if every time you started with and every time you finish.
J.D. Stark|She stops speaking, but I can hear her silent sobs. They’re the loudest thing I’ve ever heard.
Dan Brown, Angels & Demons|He respected the power of faith, the benevolence of churches, the strength religion gave so many people . . . and yet, for him, the one intellectual suspension of disbelief that was imperative if one were truly going to "believe" had always proved too big an obstacle for his academic mind. "I want to believe," he heard himself say.
Bamigboye Olurotimi|You can't please all men, but you must desire to please God and love Him forever more.
Amy Jackson|During my teen years, I was real emotional. I could be really up or down.
Vikram Seth|All over India, all over the world, as the sun or the shadow of darkness moves from east to west, the call to prayer moves with it, and people kneel down in a wave to pray to God. Five waves each day - one for each namaaz - ripple across the globe from longitude to longtigude. The component elements change direction, like iron filings near a magnet - towards the house of God in Mecca.
Paul  Collins, Sixpence House: Lost in a Town of Books|If you grew up in a rural area, you have seen how farmhouses come and go, but the dent left by cellars is permanent. There is something unbreakable in that hand-dug foundational gouge into the earth. Books are the cellars of civilization: when cultures crumble away, their books remain out of sheer stupid solidity.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Learning to Live through Jiu Jitsu|True mastery, it turns out, is not found in accumulating each and every tool under the sun. True mastery is learning that there are really only a handful of tools, and it is the proper application with correct timing and setting that makes them so useful.
Martin Luther King Jr.|I'm concerned about a better world. I'm concerned about justice; I'm concerned about brotherhood; I'm concerned about truth. And when one is concerned about that, he can never advocate violence. For through violence you may murder a murderer, but you can't murder murder. Through violence you may murder a liar, but you can't establish truth. Through violence you may murder a hater, but you can't murder hate through violence. Darkness cannot put out darkness; only light can do that.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|The story of Psyche finally made sense to him- why a mortal girl would be so afraid. Why would she risk breaking the rules to look the god of love in the face, because she feared he might be a mo
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|Aidan from the past: He took her hands in his bloodied, callused ones. “Accept me?” His eyes glowed, his lashes spiked from rain.Declan in the present: He gripped her nape. “I fuckin love you, Regin!” Rain spiked his lashes as he gazed down at her, commanding her, “Love me back!
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Book of Wisdom|The master doesn’t need to chain his slaves; their needs will chain them to him. You can end slavery by the stroke of a pen, but the pressing call of necessity will reestablish it.
Budding Dirt|My space imekuwa null na void hakuna jokes ni poetry na voice so i write for my niggas who will never make it,inspire my friends who already have it.
Shannon L. Alder|Then, learn from me not to judge by appearances: I am, as Miss Scatcherd said, slatternly; I seldom put, and never keep, things in order; I am careless; I forget rules; I read when I should learn my lessons; I have no method: and sometimes I say, like you cannot bear to be subjected to systematic arrangements. This is all very provoking to Miss Scatcherd, who is naturally neat, puncutal, and particular.
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|Filmmaking has the power to fortify the feeble, unify the divided, raise the abandoned and inspire the ignorant.
Sivaprakash Sidhu|People will forget what you said, but no one will ever forget how you made them to feel
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|People lose their pleasures because they "don't care". Others misuse their treasures because they "care less". If you'll win, you must care!
Marcel Proust, The Guermantes Way|For her [Françoise], wealth was like a necessary condition without which virtue would lack both merit and charm. She made so little distinction between the two that she came to see their qualities as interchangeable, expecting material comfort from virtue and moral edification from wealth.
Catherine of Genoa|Normal....What the majority of people look, act, and talk and like.So what if the majority became what we see as wierd now?Would our normal, become our new wierd?
Stephanie Dalley, Myths from Mesopotamia: Creation, the Flood, Gilgamesh, and Others|Harpies, n. A disease transmitted to humans by birds with human faces.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|I do not believe in God. I have no religion. But this to me is as close to a church as I have known in this life. It is a holy place. With bookstores like this, I feel confident in saying that there will be a book business for a very long time.
Karl Lagerfeld|I had no name for that particular hue of orange, other than unfortunate.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Styxx|The doctors cannot make the ignorant think, cannot hope to bring home the sufferings of millions; only one of ourselves can someday do that...It will need great courage but it will be done, because all things must work toward ultimate good; there is no real wastage and no destruction.
Namrata Kumari, Change Your Beliefs To Change Your Reality|I am not a believer of the law of attraction (though I do not deny the possibilities of it to be true), but I firmly believe in the ability of making choices, the ability to take conscious decisions.
Pat Spence - Blue Moon|There comes a time when a man must forgo familiarity and venture into uncertainty; risking obscurity, but also quite possibly… finding meaning.
Stacie Hammond, Ana J. Awakens|I like to think of books as lovers; you have to introduce yourself slowly to them, read them one page at a time. Notice them, appreciate them. Respect what they're trying to tell you, let their words caress you, then sink into you, and finally, become a part of you.
Saminu Kanti|I am not a member of any political party, APC or PDP. I am a Democrat.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Well, we were always going to fail that one," said Ron gloomily as they ascended the marble staircase. He had just made Harry feel rather better by telling him how he told the examiner in detail about the ugly man with a wart on his nose in the crystal ball, only to look up and realize he had been describing the examiner's reflection.
Harsh Malik|Success is not about deals , its about making them happen.Success is what you inspire others to do.Success that comes with positive attitude is ACHIEVEMENT.Successful is the one who has ability as well as right attitude.Sum of small efforts - repeated day in & day out is success.
Marty Rubin|In spring, the snow must go; in fall, the leaves can't stay.
Indra Nooyi|What greater bliss than to look back on days spent in usefulness, in doing good to those around us.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Suppose it’s your last day on earth. Have you done what all you wanted to do, you always dreamt of? If answer is NO, your time starts now.
M.F. Moonzajer|The mind is just a delusion not a reality. If the materials are perception of our mind, then why we cannot turn into handsome guys and beautiful ladies without putting a hundred grams of makeup powder?
Laurie Metcalf|If you're going to have a heart attack, mine was the kind to have. I'm thankful that it hasn't affected my output or my capacity to perform. And it has given me a lot to think and write about.
Jim Baggott|We have found that the values of the constants of nature have not been fine-tuned for life by accident, but that these values are constrained by and logically follow from the fundamental space-time organization of the Cosmic Tree of Life.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Apollyon|Anyone who thinks they're too grown up or too sophisticated to eat caramel corn, is not invited to my house for dinner
Cynthia Hand, My Lady Jane|He wanted to tell her she'd have more room if she'd just get rid of her books, but he supposed that in her case, it would be like telling a mother she'd have more room if she threw out her children.
Bessel A. van der Kolk, The Body Keeps the Score: Brain, Mind, and Body in the Healing of Trauma|Her deep romantic nature prevented her from demanding, from asking for that quenching. She wanted it to come freely, like flowers that are sent and not requested.
Tanya Masse|I want to promise you / permanence, my constant orbit, but even continents / are revisions. I am only your diving bell in water / hemmed by shifting plates.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Likewise, most of the world goes to bed at night under the assumption that if they were to die in their sleep, they would find themselves standing at the pearly gates. After all, good people go to heaven. And just about everybody thinks they are good.
|Many people are yet to understand that admitting to their mistakes isn't a sign of weakness, but an act of wisdom.
Mary Allsebrook|Man is not only that which he conceives himself to be, but that which he wills himself to be...
Sunday Adelaja|If the devil succeeds in separating you and isolating you from other Christians, then he can destroy you
Marian Keyes, Anybody Out There?|Devereaux is going with our pitch.”“Hey, that’s just great,” I said superperkily. “Wendell’s or mine?”“Yours.”“But you want to fire me. So fire me.”“We can’t fire you. They loved you. The head guy, Leonard Daly, thought you were, I quote, ‘agreat kid, very courageous’ and a natural to do a whispering campaign. He said you hadbelievability.”“That’s too bad.”“Why? You’re not quitting!”I thought about it. “Not if you don’t want me to. Do you?”Go on, say it.298 ♥elavanilla♥“No.”“No what?”“No, we don’t want you to quit.”“Ten grand more, two assistants, and charcoal suits. Take it or leave it.”Ariella swallowed. “Okay to the money, okay to the assistants, but I can’t green-light charcoalsuits. Formula Twelve is Brazilian, we need carnival colors.”“Charcoal suits or I’m gone.”“Orange.”“Charcoal.”“Orange.”“Charcoal.”“Okay, charcoal.”It was an interesting lesson in power. The only time you truly have it is when you genuinelydon’t care whether you have it or not.“Right,” I said. “I’m giving myself the rest of the day off.
Jay Woodman|It's all about balance, do you see? Balance is the trick. Keep the balance and - " she stopped. "You've ridden on a seesaw? One end goes up, one end goes down. But the bit in the middle, that stays where it is. Upness and downness go right through it. Don't matter how high or low the ends go, it keeps the balance." She sniffed. "Magic is mostly movin' stuff around.
Conor McPherson|I stumbled on a joke idea and style that worked, the audience went with it and, from that moment on, I was hooked. It's an amazing feeling.
Alec Baldwin|A Rolex watch or an expensive car are the things guys often use to show status, wealth, and basic desirability.
Krystal Sutherland, Our Chemical Hearts|I don't know what happened, but I do know this. It's not going anywhere. When you light up it waits for you to come down. You have to confront whatever's bothering you and look it straight in the eye. It's alright to forgive yourself, and it's okay to fight back, because if you don't kick the shit out of it, then it kicks you. It's a dog world, but you can control it, if you want to. A lot of people are going to try to make you feel like shit, but that doesn't mean you are. You are who you decide to be. I hope you're the kind of person that fights, because that's the only way to win.
J.J. McAvoy, Ruthless People|Step one, accept she was a damn boss. Step two, hide all the knives, guns, and maybe the pillows, too.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Only the Holy Spirit can open our eyes. Only He can convict us of the depth of our sin, and only He can convince us of the truth of the Gospel.
Auliq Ice, The Secret of Greatness|Your belief in yourself, is the Secret to Achieving anything you want.
Harper Lee|This is crap," Shaun said, withdrawing his arm."Right," I agreed. "Absolutely fucking crap.""No argument.""I want to punch somebody right about now.""Not it," Rick said."I punch back," Steve said.
Rick Riordan|A kind of joyous hysteria moved into the room, everything flying before the wind, vehicles outside getting dented to hell, the crowd sweaty and the smells of aftershave, manure, clothes dried on the line, your money’s worth of perfume, smoke, booze; the music subdued by the shout and babble through the bass hammer could be felt through the soles of the feet, shooting up the channels of legs to the body fork, center of everything. It is the kind of Saturday night that torches your life for a few hours, makes it seem like something is happening.
Cuthbert Soup, Another Whole Nother Story|The great William Shakespeare said, "What's in a name?" He also said, "Call me Billy one more time and I will stab you with this ink quill.
Graham Greene, The Quiet American|If you had one last breath - what would you say?If you had one hour to use your limbs before you would lose the use of them forever - would you sit there on the coach?If you knew that you wouldn't see tomorrow who would you make amends with?If you knew you had only an hour left on this earth - what would be so pressing that you just had to do it, say it, or see it?Well there is something that I can guarantee - that one day you will have one day, one hour and one breath left.Just make sure that before that day that you have said, done and experienced everything that you dream of doing now.Do it now - that is what today is for.So pick up the phone and call an old friend that you have fallen out of touch with.Get out and run a mile and use your body and sweat.Seek out someone in your life to say your sorry to. Seek someone In your life that you need to thank. Seek someone in your life that you need to express your feelings of love to.Then when that day comes you will be ok with it all.
Shannon L. Alder|When someone you love makes compassion, kindness, forgiveness, respect and God an option, you can be sure they have made you an option, as well.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The World We Have: A Buddhist Approach to Peace and Ecology|By eating meat we share the responsibility of climate change, the destruction of our forests, and the poisoning of our air and water. The simple act of becoming a vegetarian will make a difference in the health of our planet.
Isabel Allende, The Sum of Our Days: A Memoir|Fear is inevitable, I have to accept that, but I cannot allow it to paralyze me.
Mary Pettibone Poole|Your father used to say  "Never give away your work. People don't value what they don't have to pay for."
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|My dear friend, a good attitude will determine your altitude. When you look at your life, career, job or family life, what do you say? Do you praise God? Do you blame the devil? A good attitude towards God makes Him move on your behalf. Just sit down and say, Today God, it is well with my soul, I am thankful I had a peaceful sleep, I am thankful I am alive with possibilities, I am thankful I have a roof over me, I am thankful I have a job, I am thankful that I have Family and Friends. Above all, I am thankful that I have the Lord Jesus Christ on my side. Be blessed and don't be envious or shocked when others are prospering because you don't know what they have been through to get there (test, trials and tribulation) so thank God for what you have. "Little is much when God is in it. It Is Well With My Soul! Touch someone’s life with this message. If God be for us,who can be against us?
James Rozoff|Corruption is an inevitable by-product of the present structure of Nigeria's federalism. Once we restructure the polity into a true fiscal federalism, everything else will simply fall into place. Until then, corruption remains as official as it is legal in Nigeria.
Han Suyin, The Mountain Is Young|It is a strange fact, incidentally, that religious apologists love the anthropic principle. For some reason that makes no sense at all, they think it supports their case. Precisely the opposite is true. The anthropic principle, like natural selection, is an alternative to the design hypothesis. It provides a rational, design-free explanation for the fact that we find ourselves in a situation propitious to our existence.
Franz Kafka|Another side to me is this very sexual being. When I look back on my life, it's always been there. It's been there since I was 10 years old, having the imagination that I had.
Michael Zadoorian, The Leisure Seeker|I am constantly mystified by what John ends up remembering… I just don’t understand why he’s able to hang on to information like that, while so many other more important memories evaporate. Then again, I suppose so much of what stays with us is often insignificant. The memories we take to the ends of our lives have no real rhyme or reason, especially when you think of the endless things that you do over the course of a day, a week, a month, a year, a lifetime. All the cups of coffee, hand-washings, changes of clothes, lunches, goings to the bathroom, headaches, naps, walks to school, trips to the grocery store, conversations about the weather—all the things so unimportant they should be immediately forgotten. Yet they aren’t. I often think of the Chinese red bathrobe I had when I was twenty-seven years old; the sound of our first cat Charlie’s feet on the linoleum of our old house; the hot rarefied air around aluminum pot the moment before the kernels of popcorn burst open. I think of these things as often as I think about getting married or giving birth or the end of the Second World War. What is truly amazing is that before you know it, sixty years go by and you can remember maybe eight or nine important events, along with a thousand meaningless ones. How can that be?You want to think there’s a pattern to it all because it makes you feel better, gives you some sense of a reason why we’re here, but there really isn’t any. People look for God in these patterns, these reasons, but only because they don’t know where else to look.Things happen to us: some of it important, most of it not, and a little of it stays with us till the end. What stays after that? I’ll be damned if I know.(pp.174-175)
Czesław Miłosz, The Captive Mind|If you have never truly questioned what you believe, I would question whether you truly believe it.
Charles Darwin, The Origin of Species|There is a significant problem associated with burning large quantities of fossil fuels into the atmosphere. This pollution will change the electromagnetic transmission of the atmosphere and lead to an unnatural electromagnetic environment at the ground level where we all live. Once the electromagnetic environment has been significantly changed by these emissions, then we will be in a new era of evolution. It appears that we have already entered that era some time ago.
Marcus Aurelius, The Meditations of Marcus Aurelius|Men seek retreats for themselves, houses in the country, sea-shores, and mountains; and thou too art wont to desire such things very much. But this is altogether a mark of the most common sort of men, for it is in thy power whenever thou shalt choose to retire into thyself. For nowhere either with more quiet or more freedom from trouble does a man retire than into his own soul, particularly when he has within him such thoughts that by looking into them he is immediately in perfect tranquility; and I affirm that tranquility is nothing else than the good ordering of the mind. Constantly then give to thyself this retreat, and renew thyself; and let thy principles be brief and fundamental, which, as soon as thou shalt recur to them, will be sufficient to cleanse the soul completely, and to send thee back free from all discontent with the things to which thou returnest. For with what art thou discontented? With the badness of men? Recall to thy mind this conclusion, that rational animals exist for one another, and that to endure is a part of justice, and that men do wrong involuntarily; and consider how many already, after mutual enmity, suspicion, hatred, and fighting, have been stretched dead, reduced to ashes; and be quiet at last.- But perhaps thou art dissatisfied with that which is assigned to thee out of the universe.- Recall to thy recollection this alternative; either there is providence or atoms, fortuitous concurrence of things; or remember the arguments by which it has been proved that the world is a kind of political community, and be quiet at last.- But perhaps corporeal things will still fasten upon thee.- Consider then further that the mind mingles not with the breath, whether moving gently or violently, when it has once drawn itself apart and discovered its own power, and think also of all that thou hast heard and assented to about pain and pleasure, and be quiet at last.- But perhaps the desire of the thing called fame will torment thee.- See how soon everything is forgotten, and look at the chaos of infinite time on each side of the present, and the emptiness of applause, and the changeableness and want of judgement in those who pretend to give praise, and the narrowness of the space within which it is circumscribed, and be quiet at last. For the whole earth is a point, and how small a nook in it is this thy dwelling, and how few are there in it, and what kind of people are they who will praise thee.
Lynn Flewelling, Luck in the Shadows|So much better for you to long for what you can never have, than to get it and have to face the reality of it. I assure you, when you realize the reality of this situation, there wont be a hole deep enough for you to climb into to hide the mortification you're going to feel. - Eric to Camile in Pawn of Innocence.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Discovering Yourself|Imagine your body becoming that of a stranger. Imagine the sensation of it being not yours, as you discover what it feels like to do this, or to have this happen to you, for the very first time. Imagine it happening with sickening slowness, or with shocking speed, that discovery. And then imagine knowing it has come too late.
Sanjo Jendayi, I Now Pronounce You Single & Happy|Whenever someone introduces themselves as a Master or a Guru, I immediately wonder…If those are the lies they tell themselves, what lies will they tell me?
Antony Gormley|Beside every great success are the seeds of enormous failure. In every failure, there's the opportunity seeds of great success. They're not miles apart. So if they're that close together, and if you're really working, you're always gonna have that likelihood that something's not going to work.
Heather Anastasiu, Glitch|He pulled me closer until his lips breathed me in, until we were sharing one breath.
Lynn Red, Werewolf Wedding|At first I'd tried subtlety, but as it happened, Dane's mind - as fierce and strong and powerful as he was - had about the level of subtlety as a locomotive that went off the tracks and then fell off a cliff. And then hit a tree and a nitroglycerine truck.
José Silva|I lived with the terrible knowledge that one day I would be an old man still waiting for my real life to start. Already, I pitied that old man.
Karen Blixen|I start with a tingle, a kind of feeling of the story I will write. Then come the characters, and they take over, they make the story.
Victor Hugo|Patience doesn't mean making a pact with the devil of denial, ignoring our emotions and aspirations. It means being wholeheartedly engaged in the process that's unfolding, rather than ripping open a budding flower or demanding a caterpillar hurry up and get that chrysalis stage over with.
Hubert Martin|Adventures kept hidden, words kept silent. You became my greatest secret. And when you left, no one knew the source of the pain I felt. No one knew you existed, except my writhing heart.
Stephen Fry, Moab Is My Washpot|Music is everything and nothing. It is useless and no limit can be set on its use. Music takes me to places of illimitable sensual and insensate joy, accessing points of ecstasy that no angelic lover could ever locate, or plunging me into gibbering weeping hells of pain that no torturer could devise. Music makes me write this sort of maundering adolescent nonsense without embarrassment. Music is in fact the dog's bollocks. Nothing else comes close.
Don Elium, Raising a Son: Parents and the Making of a Healthy Man|In that day, we didn't have no remote controls and vacuum cleaners. If you wanted all that stuff you had children!
Karen Kingsbury|Three years? That's a thousand tomorrows, ma'am.
Junaid Raza|Apes or human – we all made the same mistake, tempted by shifting leaves or the smell of sex, by music or a ripe banana.
Louis C. K.|I am so happy to be alive. That's the one thing I'd like for people to know. Sometimes people walk by and slip up and say the wrong thing about me, and I'll smile. They wonder why am I smiling. Because I'm happy that I'm alive.
Amal Fh|Forced connections are the worst. Stop tryna force people to love you, to like you, to be in ya life etc. You just gon end up emotionally exhausted. If they not putting in the same effort as you, leave em alone.
Aarti Sequeira|Mexican food is far more varied than people think. It changes like dialects. I was brought up in Jalisco by the sea on a basic diet - tomatoes, chillis, peppers of every size and rice, which is a Mexican staple. The Pacific coast has a huge array of seafood.
Charlemagne|Let peace, concord and unanimity reign among all Christian people...for without peace we cannot please God.
Yukio Mishima|The only real flesh was the flesh that existed in his imagination. Since, therefore, he regarded the flesh as an ideal abstraction, rather than as a physical fact, he had relied on his spiritual strength to subjugate it.
Avina Celeste|The more you tell yourself that you are trying to do something rather than telling yourself that you are doing said thing, the harder it is to have success in your attempts. By saying that you are trying to do something you are focusing on the negatives making it impossible to have a positive outcome.
Beth Kempton, Freedom Seeker: Live More. Worry Less. Do What You Love.|Feeling free is a choice that is ours for the making, ours for the taking at any time, at any age. 
Ben Shapiro|Liberty is not the power of doing what we like, but the right to do what we ought.
Leo Strauss, Natural Right and History|In his opinion, all the world’s misfortunes stemmed from the countless untruths, both deliberate and unintentional, which people told because of haste or carelessness.
Robert Walser, Jakob von Gunten|Even if you love a lady, don't say you will take care of her while someone else is catering for your needs.
Anthony Hitt|I've been searching for ways to heal myself, and I've found that kindness is the best way.
Jane Austen|...And talking of the dear family party which would then be restored, of their mutual pursuits and cheerful society, as the only happiness worth a wish.
Nanci Kincaid, Eat, Drink, and Be From Mississippi|It was funny the way memory obliged the heart. His happy recollections were always afloat in his soupy subconscious where so many of his darker memories had sunk to the underbelly of his past and been as good as lost forever. But without conscious instruction, memory had edited and enlarged the finest moments of his life and stored them like masterpieces in the private gallery of his personal history.
Benjamin Suulola|As long you are still living, you can achieve far more than you could ever imagined
Maggie Osborne, The Promise of Jenny Jones|She hadn’t dreamed a time would ever come when someone might want to emulate her talk or behavior. Consequently, it made her feel tight and strange inside to hear her words on the kid’s lips. A small part of her was astonished and secretly flattered. But a larger part was appalled.
Black Kettle|Peace hath higher tests of manhood, than battle ever knew.
Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose|The order that our mind imagines is like a net, or like a ladder, built to attain something. But afterward you must throw the ladder away, because you discover that, even if it was useful, it was meaningless.
Victor H Ernest, I Talked with Spirits|Many Christians are "devoured" by worldly interests that distract them from spiritual service to God.
Brené Brown, I Thought It Was Just Me: Women Reclaiming Power and Courage in a Culture of Shame|We cannot grow when we are in shame, and we can't use shame to change ourselves or others.
Anton Szandor LaVey, The Secret Life of a Satanist: The Authorized Biography of Anton LaVey|Something that once had importance might be forgotten by most people but because millions of people once knew it, a force is present that can be harnessed. There might be so much significance attached to a song, for example, or a fact, that it can’t die but only lies dormant, like a vampire in his coffin, waiting to be called forth from the grave once again. There is more magic in the fact that the first mass worldwide photo of the Church of Satan was taken by Joe Rosenthal – the same man who took the most famous news photo in history – the flag-raising at Iwo Jima. There’s real occult significance to that – much more than in memorizing grimoires and witches’ alphabets. People ask me about what music to use in rituals – what is the best occult music. I’ve instructed people to go to the most uncrowded section of the music store and it’s a guarantee what you’ll find there will be occult music. That’s the power of long-lost trivia. I get irritated by people who turn up their noses and whine ‘Why would anyone want to know that?’ Because once upon a time, everyone in America knew it. Suppose there’s a repository of neglected energy, that’s been generated and forgotten. Maybe it’s like a pressure cooker all this time, just waiting for someone to trigger its release. ‘Here I am,’ it beckons, ‘I have all this energy stored up just waiting for you – all you have to do is unlock the door. Because of man’s stupidity, he’s neglected me to this state of somnambulism – dreaming the ancient dreams – even though I was once so important to him.’ Think about that. A song that was once on millions of lips now is only on your lips. Now what does that contain? Those vibrations of that particular tune, what do they evoke, call up? What do they unlock? The old gods lie dormant, waiting.
Danny Meyer|I think the high-tech industry is used to developing new things very quickly. It's the Silicon Valley way of doing business: You either move very quickly and you work hard to improve your product technology, or you get destroyed by some other company.
Mehmet Oz|Yesterday, we fought wars which destroyed cities. Today, we are concerned with avoiding a war which will destroy the earth. We can adapt atomic energy to produce electricity and move ships, but can we control its use in anger?
Lois Greiman, Unscrewed|She may be an old flame, but she still smokin'.
|As long as you are still breathing, your dreams are far from being impossible. Find a way to persistently put in your very best, and then watch God perform His miracles; which He is always capable of.
J.R. Stone|Excerpt from "The Long Road from Perdition" for the day:"...I've always been drawn to the ocean. It is here that I now feel peaceful and can lose my thoughts while immersed in the deafening sounds of waves crashing around me. The spray and mist of the ocean's past seem to be a living, breathing yet wounded animal. The fury of the waves never settled and the spew of the foam touched all that dared to sit near it.There is no reason to flinch as the waves spray and crash against the shore. It is a natural progression I have learned to endure. However, it is the rescinding of the waves and fluid release of fury that I struggle to understand and coexist with peacefully. I hope one day to master it.
Larry McMurtry, Lonesome Dove|The aims of these three groups are entirely irreconcilable. The aim of the High is to remain where they are. The aim of the Middle is to change places with the High. The aim of the Low, when they have an aim-for it is an abiding characteristic of the Low that they are too much crushed by drudgery to be more than intermittently conscious of anything outside their daily lives -is to abolish all distinctions and create a society in which all men shall be equal.
Laurie R. King, A Letter of Mary|Everyone is allowed a weakness, even women of the twentieth century.
Rahul Dravid|People may say I developed an iron will, but what really happened is that I made myself much fitter. I think an iron will is always supported by fitness.
Malcolm Muggeridge, The End of Christendom|People think of faith as being something that you don't really believe, a device in helping you believe simply it. Of course that is quite wrong. As Pascal says, faith is a gift of God. It is different from the proof of it. It is the kind of faith God himself places in the heart, of which the proof is often the instrument...He says of it, too, that it is the heart which is aware of God, and not reason. That is what faith is: God perceived by the heart, not be reason.
Leslie Connor, The Things You Kiss Goodbye|You are always going to love him," she said. " You're stuck with that.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|May we continue to encourage one another, so that we will increase in strength and in wisdom.
Al Franken|In law, nothing is certain but the expense.
Cecilia Ekbäck, Wolf Winter|Just be yourself and live life, because no one knows with surety what we are doing here on Earth. Some might guess, but that doesn't mean their opinions are correct.
Albert Camus, The Stranger|How did I picture the life after the grave? I fairly bawled out at him: "A life in which I can remember this life on earth. That's all I want of it.
J. K. Rowling|The earth is the mother of all people, and all people should have equal rights upon it.
Hippolyte Taine|Trade and money, which go together in a stream of energy, inevitably wash away the enclosing walls of a society of status.
David Mitchell, Ghostwritten|What's the book like?""Well, some of it's twaddle, but mostly it's just piffle. Cheers!
Irvine Welsh|Time travel and teleportation will have to wait. It may take centuries to master these technology. But within the coming decades, we will understand dark matter, perhaps test string theory, find planets which can harbor life, and maybe have Brain 2.0, i.e. our consciousness on a disk which will survive even after we die.
Debasish Mridha|Greatness is in simplicity and in kindness, like Mother Theresa.
Kim Gordon, Girl in a Band|When people ask me what L.A. was like in the sixties, I tell them there wasn't as much terrible stucco as there is today: no mini malls with their approximation of Spanish two-story buildings, no oversized SUVs bulging out of parking-space lines. What used to say "Spanish-style" is now something diseased looking. Nobody seems to know how to stucco anymore.
Anonymous, Njal's Saga|I liked projects where I could take things apart and figure out exactly how they worked. The problem is, you can't do that with people.
Walter Benjamin|But what humans forget, cells remember. The body, that elephant
Krystal Sutherland, A Semi-Definitive List of Worst Nightmares|The magic had started to degrade, and Rosemary had slowly but surely become thoroughly, gruesomely human. And there were few things worse in this world than humans.
Tom Robbins, Even Cowgirls Get the Blues|Always be a first-rate version of yourself, instead of a second-rate version of somebody else.
Desmond Tutu, The Book of Joy: Lasting Happiness in a Changing World|If the enemy attacks, it is because God is giving you much more
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|This tension-the idea that there is a right way to be a woman, a right way to be the most essential woman- is ongoing and pervasive.
Bret Easton Ellis, Imperial Bedrooms|A vast and abandoned world laid out in anonymous grids and quadrants, a view that confirmed you were much more alone than you thought you were, a view that inspired the flickering thoughts of suicide.
Eckhart Tolle|The game of life is a lot like football. You have to tackle your problems, block your fears, and score your points when you get the opportunity.
Lisa Henry, Dark Space|It’s a very new, not to mention vulgar, idea that the spectator’s experience should be identical to, or even have anything to do with, the artist’s
Oluseyi Akinbami|But if the ants are not despondent because they have failed to produce a new social invention or convention in 65 million years, why should we be discouraged because some of our institutions and castes have not been able to evolve a new idea in the past fifty centuries?
|You were born with the seeds of success and happiness, but nobody else but yourself could plant them in your life.
Gerard Way|Are you on our side...and want to be different, or are you on that side and want to throw a football at my head!?
Eiji Yoshikawa, Taiko: An Epic Novel of War and Glory in Feudal Japan|The summit is believed to be the object of the climb. But its true object—the joy of living—is not in the peak itself, but in the adversities encountered on the way up. There are valleys, cliffs, streams, precipices, and slides, and as he walks these steep paths, the climber may think he cannot go any farther, or even that dying would be better than going on. But then he resumes fighting the difficulties directly in front of him, and when he is finally able to turn and look back at what he has overcome, he finds he has truly experienced the joy of living while on life's very road.
Amy Carmichael|All life's training is just exactly what is needed for the true Life-work, still out of view but far away from none of us. Don't grudge me the learning of a new lesson.
Charlotte Brontë|At that time, I well remember whatever could excite - certain accidents of the weather, for instance, were almost dreaded by me, because they woke the being I was always lulling, and stirred up a craving cry I could not satisfy. One night a thunder-storm broke; a sort of hurricane shook us in our beds: the Catholics rose in panic and prayed to their saints. As for me, the tempest took hold of me with tyranny: I was roughly roused and obliged to live. I got up and dressed myself, and creeping outside the basement close by my bed, sat on its ledge, with my feet on the roof of a lower adjoining building. It was wet, it was wild, it was pitch dark. Within the dormitory they gathered round the night-lamp in consternation, praying loud. I could not go in: too resistless was the delight of staying with the wild hour, black and full of thunder, pealing out such an ode as language never delivered to man - too terribly glorious, the spectacle of clouds, split and pierced by white and blinding bolts.
Alyssa Mastromonaco, Who Thought This Was a Good Idea?: And Other Questions You Should Have Answers to When You Work in the White House|You should always be prepared to defend your choices, whether just to yourself (sometimes this is the hardest) or to your coworkers, your friends, or your family. The quickest way for people to lose confidence in your ability to ever make a decision is for you to pass the buck, shrug your shoulders, or otherwise wuss out. Learning how to become a decision maker, and how you ultimately justify your choices, can define who you are.
Maria V. Snyder, Touch of Power|Oh, you made an impression. Like a stone caught in my boot.
Shanna Swendson, Rebel Mechanics|To be perfectly honest, I think she became sick of Society during her debut season. Better to lock herself in her room with her books than to spend her life paying calls and going to balls.
David Sedaris|The boy who expects every morning to open into a new world finds that today is like yesterday, but he believes tomorrow will be different.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|Once someone asked me, "What do you want to be your epitaph?" So I said, "Paulo Coelho died when he was alive.
Auliq Ice|Do not be surprised that the world hates you, the truth is coming from the atheists I know.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|You must hiss at people who intend to undermine your individuality with their false pride and intellectual stupidity. You must frighten them away, lest they should do you harm. Act like you have a lot of venom inside you, but never inject them into anyone.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|I brought you out here because I wanted to share a sunrise with you, and maybe even a sunset. I wanted to see how much I could kiss you between now and the time we dock tomorrow. And if I was really lucky, I was hoping I could lie with you until you fell asleep, until I couldn’t stay awake anymore. And in the morning, we’d wake up, and we’d be together, just like this.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Human, All Too Human|None of the people have any real interest in a science, who only begin to be enthusiastic about it when they themselves have made discoveries in it.
Anonymous|The rich can be "eccentric " the poor have to be considered "nuts."
Kris Kidd|There is stability in self-destruction, in prolonging sadness as a means of escaping abstractions like happiness. Rock bottom is a surprisingly comfortable place to lay your head. Looking up from the depths of another low often seems a lot safer than wondering when you'll fall again. Falling feels awful.I'd rather fucking fly.
Wayne Chirisa|Leaders cannot build a successful nation once they are yoked to these two evils, ignarance and greed.
DaShanne Stokes|The more we're thrown into conflict with each other through engineered distrust, the less able we are to unite against those responsible.
Lolly Daskal, The Leadership Gap: What Gets Between You and Your Greatness|When your intuition is strong, follow it.
Arundhati Roy|Another world is not only possible, she is on her way. On a quiet day, I can hear her breathing.
Auliq Ice|As you walk in love, understanding your entire being, becomes perfected.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|One day I hope you understand when you reached out your hand, I grasped it, I never let it go.
Dalai Lama|Religion is the masterpiece of the art of animal training, for it trains people as to how they shall think.
Steve Jobs|I've been saying for a couple of years now that people need to let God out of the Sunday morning box, that He doesn't want to just be with you for an hour or two on Sunday morning and then put back in His box to sit there until you have an emergency, but He wants to invade your Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.
Jasz Gill|Be excited about life, Pet your curiosity, Get in touch with your emotions.
Matt Taibbi|The Tea Party people say they're angry about socialism, but maybe they're really angry about capitalism. If there's a sense of being looked down upon, it's that sense of failure that's built into a system that assures everyone they can make it to the top, but then reserves the top for only a tiny fraction of the strivers.
Anne Enright, Yesterday's Weather|He's fine. He's fine,' he kept saying as the baby became ever more cranky and bewildered; screaming in terror if she tried to put him down.'Why should he be unhappy?' she wanted to say. 'He has had so few days in this world. Why should the unhappiness start here?
Richard O'Barry, To Free a Dolphin|There is no politically neutral fence available for us to sit on, and our attempts to do so have the consequence (intended or not) of supporting the existing political system.
Magic Johnson|For me, fragrances are very - one of these beautiful art forms that bring about a whole host of things. It's what you want to smell like, it's memories that make you smile or are resonant of times in your life, it can remind you of music. If you're a lover of scent, it's a very kind of particular and evocative thing.
Alan Armstrong|You are good. But it is not enough just to be good. You must be good for something. You must contribute good to the world. The world must be a better place for your presence. And the good that is in you must be spread to others… In this world so filled with problems, so constantly threatened by dark and evil challenges, you can and must rise above mediocrity, above indifference. You can become involved and speak with a strong voice for that which is right.
Valerie J. Lewis Coleman, The Wait of Success: How to Become an Overnight Success in 7,300 Days|Achieving success is like hitting a moving target. Both require accuracy, the ability to counteract external factors and adjusting the sight when necessary.
Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!|I believe that a revolution can begin from this one strand of straw. Seen at a glance, this rice straw may appear light and insignificant. Hardly anyone would believe that it could start a revolution. Nevertheless, I have come to realize the weight and power of this straw.
Mia Sheridan, Grayson's Vow|If you let it, pain makes more space for love within you. And the love we carry inside makes us strong when nothing else can
Buenaventura Durruti|In recent times, European nations, with the use of gunpowder and other technical improvements in warfare, controlled practically the whole world. One, the British Empire, brought under one government a quarter of the earth and its inhabitants.
Tom Petty|To me, if life boils down to one thing, it's movement. To live is to keep moving.
Charles Dickens, Nicholas Nickleby|He executed his commission with great promptitude and dispatch, only calling at one public-house for half a minute, and even that might be said to be in his way, for he went in at one door and came out at the other[.]
Will Speck|I'm one of those people who had Christmas and my birthday always combined, and generally, my birthday was pretty much ignored. But my parents are always good about making some kind of special effort to make me feel like I also have a birthday that exists.
Shawn Casemore, Operational Empowerment: Collaborate, Innovate, and Engage to Beat the Competition|At root, I think that any given technology (think nuclear power, gunpowder, the written word...) has the potential to improve our lives, wound it, and also to create unexpected accidents. It's not the technology that's the problem, it's us, the users. However angelic or demonic, or thoughtful or thoughtless we happen to be is then amplified by our technologies.
Pinkie Numa|A sober mind, an unemotional heart and a positive attitude are key for success.
Ernst von Salomon, Der Fragebogen|Of course it was not only the law that interfered with our management of the paper. The politicians, too, soon took a hand. The Oberpräsident of Schleswig-Holstein, a man named Kürbis (which is German for pumpkin) forbad its publication; it appeared the next day, entitled Die Westküste [The West Coat]. This too was banned, and for a short time my brother's wish was fulfilled and we edited Die Grüne Front. I, too, had the gratification of seeing my original suggestion realised whn it became, in due course, Die Sturmglocke. Finally, the Oberpräsident forbad us from publishing any paper at all which was not purely concerned with technical agricultural matters. So we rechristened it Der Kürbis, aand the leading article consisted of variations on the subject of pumpking as given in the encyclopaedia; we expatiated on how pumkins flourish best in plenty of dung and on the disagreeable nature of their blossom's scwent. Thenceforth the paper resumed its original name of Das Landvolk and that was that.
Patricia Briggs, Fair Game|My mum translated this in her head to "witchfinder," which was good because like most West Africans, she considered witchfinding a more respectable profession than policeman.
Gigi Sedlmayer, Talon, Connected|He had his eyes closed androcked himself so much that everyone thought he wouldsoon crash to the ground. And then it happened. Hecrashed to the ground. Surprised, he lay on the groundon his side, not sure what had happened, looking around.Next he jumped up and listened to Matica’s singing again,starting to rock himself once more. His eyes closed slowly,his beak opened. And then he crashed to the ground a secondtime. This time he kept lying down, spreading his freewing up into the air and waving it to the tune of the melody.Strange sounds came out of his beak. It was a gruntbut more than a grunt, as if he was really enjoying himself,as if he would follow Matica’s words and would singor hum as well.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, The Last Man|No, no, I will not live among the wild scenes of nature, the enemy of all that lives. I will seek the towns—Rome, the capital of the world, the crown of man's achievements. Among its storied streets, hallowed ruins, and stupendous remains of human exertion, I shall not, as here, find every thing forgetful of man; trampling on his memory, defacing his works, proclaiming from hill to hill, and vale to vale,—by the torrents freed from the boundaries which he imposed—by the vegetation liberated from the laws which he enforced—by his habitation abandoned to mildew and weeds, that his power is lost, his race annihilated for ever.
James Clarke, Every-Day Religion|Modesty has, and will remain, an alluring trait because where egoism falters, humility conquers.
Cinda Williams Chima, The Crimson Crown|These are the things you don’t say, even to someone you love.
Alain de Botton|It must be, I thought, one of the race's most persistent and comforting hallucinations to trust that "it can't happen here" -- that one's own time and place is beyond cataclysm.
Celia McMahon, Skye|Do you see those dull stars?" She outlined the formation with her finger."A pentagram," whispered Scott."Yes, but not just any pentagram. Take a look through the telescope."Scott approached the eyepiece."They're not stars!" "What do they look like?" asked Jenn.Scott studied each of the figures."It can't be," he stuttered. "Planets?" "Exactly what I thought." "But how? They're completely off their orbits.""The earth's off its axis." "Mount Etna erupted." "Greece had a earthquake.""The whole universe has gone mad!" Scott exclaimed. "And my friends have supernatural powers," said Jenn.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Unanswered prayer is God’s gift … it protects us from ourselves. If all our prayers were answered we’d abuse the power … use prayer to change the world to our liking, and it would become hell on earth. Like spoiled children with too many toys and too much money, we’d grab for more. We’d pray for victory at the expense of others … intoxicated by power we’d hurt people and exalt ourselves. Isaiah said, “The LORD longs to be gracious to you … therefore He waits” (Isaiah 30:18 NASB). Unanswered prayer protects…breaks…deepens and transforms. Past unanswered prayers which left us hurt and disillusioned, act like a refiner’s fire to prepare us for future answers.’ Bottom line: pray with the right motives!
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We write our personal story as intermittent authors; the narrator is always searching for a unitive point of view. We strive to perceive oneself from a unified perspective, but it is virtually impossible to do so. Human perception of the self is an illusion. We constantly sift through shifting memories. We experience the present under the fragrance cast by the past and under the illusionary aura of the future.
Michael Muhammad Knight, Journey to the End of Islam|It’s been my experience that most folk who ride trains could care less where they’re going. For them it’s the journey itself and the people they meet along the way. You see, at every stop this train makes, a little bit of America, a little bit of your country, gets on and says hello. That’s why trains are so popular at Christmas. People get on to meet their country over the holidays. They’re looking for some friendship, a warm body to talk to. People don’t rush on a train, because that’s not what trains are for. How do you put a dollar value on that? What accounting line does that go on?
Moosa Rahat|Truly speaking -finding happiness is to do with being selfish, but that doesn't mean true selfish
Enrique Penalosa|Three years in London had not changed Richard, although it had changed the way he perceived the city. Richard had originally imagined London as a gray city, even a black city, from pictures he had seen, and he was surprised to find it filled with color. It was a city of red brick and white stone, red buses and large black taxis, bright red mailboxes and green grassy parks and cemeteries.It was a city in which the very old and the awkwardly new jostled each other, not uncomfortably, but without respect; a city of shops and offices and restaurants and homes, of parks and churches, of ignored monuments and remarkably unpalatial palaces; a city of hundreds of districts with strange names - Crouch End, Chalk Farm, Earl's Court, Marble Arch - and oddly distinct identities; a noisy, dirty, cheerful, troubled city, which fed on tourists, needed them as it despised them, in which the average speed of transportation through the city had not increased in three hundred years, following five hundred years of fitful road-widening and unskillful compromises between the needs of traffic, whether horse-drawn, or, more recently, motorized, and the need of pedestrians; a city inhabited by and teeming with people of every color and manner and kind.
Levon Peter Poe|God doesn't want to be a mystery to us, God wants to be known.
Meister Eckhart|Deception was an inherent trait of intelligent beings. Even his love, in her ample ardor, would weave him a guilty lie for his own good. And he treasured her just as well for those tales he was sure she'd already spun.
Doris Lessing|But there is no doubt that to attempt a novel of ideas is to give oneself a handicap: the parochialism of our culture is intense. For instance, decade after decade bright young men and women emerge from their universities able to say proudly: 'Of course I know nothing about German literature.' It is the mode. The Victorians knew everything about German literature, but were able with a clear conscience not to know much about the French.
Rebecca McNutt, Shadowed Skies: The Third Smog City Novel|Typical Pollution, they’re always living in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Baruch Spinoza, Ethics|The tyrant’s formula for every genocide since the beginning of time: differentiate, divide, destroy.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|O! she doth teach the torches to burn bright It seems she hangs upon the cheek of night Like a rich jewel in an Ethiop's ear; Beauty too rich for use, for earth too dear.- Romeo -
Eileen Granfors|Aw honey. Today's as important as forever." Grandpa Joe in "Shave and a Haircut" Flash Warden and Other Stories
Julian Barnes|The better you know someone, the less well you often see them (and the less well they can therefore be transferred into fiction). They may be so close as to be out of focus, and there is no operating novelist to dispel the blur. 
Gemini Adams, The Facebook Diet: 50 Funny Signs of Facebook Addiction and Ways to Unplug with a Digital Detox|Today’s businesses can’t just use social media; they have to become social businesses, inside and out and from top to bottom. Ultimately, that is the goal of this book: to harness the power of being a social business to become the most highly recommended organization in your industry/category/niche.
Maxim Gorky|An artist is a man who digests his own subjective impressions and knows how to find a general objective meaning in them, and how to express them in a convincing form.
Allen Greenfield|If you are on the Path, and see the Buddha walking toward you, kill him.
Stefan Molyneux|Knowledge is responsibility, which is why people resist knowledge.
Stephen King, Needful Things|Not everybody believes in ghosts, but I do. Do you know what they are, Trisha?She had shaken her head slowly.Men and women who can't get over their past . . . That's what ghosts are.
Rachel Caine, Glass Houses|Now," said Brandons low, cold voice. "Lets not be rude eve.
Levon Peter Poe|Keep your circle of friends small, tight and right
Bill Maher|She will try to find the nice way to exercise intelligence. But intelligence is not ladylike. Intelligence is full of excesses. Rigorous intelligene abhors sentimentality, and women must be sentimental to value the dreadful silliness of the men around them. Morbid intelligence abhors the cheery sunlight of positive thinking and eternal sweetness; and women must be sunlight and cheery and sweet, or the woman could not bribe her way with smiles through a day. Wild intelligence abhors any narrow world; and the world of women must stay narrow, or the woman is an outlaw. No woman could be Nietzsche or Rimbaud without ending up in a whorehouse or lobotomized. Any vital intelligence has passionate questions, aggressive answers; but women cannot be explorers; there can be no Lewis or Clark of the female mind.
Terry Lee Rioux, From Sawdust to Stardust: The Biography of DeForest Kelley|Whatever you believe, and however, each of us deals with these events in our lives, one thing is for certain the truism, time is a great healer, is of no consolation at that moment of intense, all-consuming grief.From GLASS HALF FULL
Jeremy Grantham|I do go against my leadership all the time because I stand firm on the four questions that I ask about all legislation. The first, is it constitutional according to the original intent? The second, does it fit the Judeo-Christian Biblical principles that our nation is founded upon? Third, do we need it? Fourth, can we afford it?
Anne Ursu, The Real Boy|A person's self worth or inner merit is the essential commodity, whereas fame is something secondary, the mere shadow of merit. "It is not fame but whereby we merit it that is of true value....a man's greatest happiness is not that posterity will know something about him but he himself will develop thoughts that deserve consideration and preservation for centuries.
Robert Louis Stevenson, Treasure Island|Fifteen men on the Dead Man's Chest Yo-ho-ho, and a bottle of rum! Drink and the devil had done for the rest Yo-ho-ho, and a bottle of rum!
Osho, Bliss: Living beyond happiness and misery|Don't apologize for doing what you thought was best. All you can ever do, is your best. Even if that doesn't work out, don't diminish your efforts. Don't diminish your intent. Don't apologize for being human. Don't take on guilt that isn't yours. We are all growing, learning and evolving. Take the lesson forward.
Yvonne Wood, Dead Beautiful|Grandfather : Death is nothing to be afraid of.Renee : It's not death I'm afraid of.Grandfather: What is it, then?
Andrew Young|Black Americans, no more than white Americans, they do not want more government programs which perpetuate dependency. They don't want to be a colony in a nation.
Md. Nazrul Islam|If you value your time, You'll get some reasons to smile in return.
Paulo Coelho, Warrior of the Light|if you hurt deeply, then it means you love deeply too. love is powerful thing, Jaron. In the end, love will help you win this war."I chuckled, "that'd be a fine new strategy, I think. When the enemy wields a sword against me, I'll simply express my love for them. They'll be so shocked, they'll collapse on the spot and the victory will be mine.""I daresay you will be the first to claim victory that way
Glenn Beck, The Christmas Sweater|If you treat an animal right, they don't run away. They're not like us. They run away from people they don't trust; most times we run away from ourselves.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Saturday, May 22d.---It is now Saturday night, and I must prepare for the holy Sabbath. My Bible and Confession of Faith are my traveling companions, and precious friends have they been to me. I bless God for that glorious summary of Christian doctrine contained in our noble standards. It has cheered my soul in many a dark hour, and sustained me in many a desponding moment. I love to read it, and ponder carefully each proof text as I pass along.
A. Zavarelli, Gabriel's Collar|And I’m trying to stay strong. I really, really am. But he smells so damn good, and his lips are just right there. All soft and inviting… and all I can think about is having them on my body.
Jane Bled|If I choose to write about sheep, it's just because I happened to write about sheep. There is no deep significance.
Charlotte McKinney|No one ceases to be a man, no one forfeits his rights to civilization merely by being more or less uncultured, and since the Filipino is regarded as a fit citizen when he is asked to pay taxes or shed his blood to defend the fatherland, why must this fitness be denied him when the question arises of granting him some right?
Bernice Morgan, Random Passage|I definitely haven’t been in the best place while working on this book, but I can say this much: Where there is pain in this book, it is real pain; where there is anger, it is real anger; where there is love, it is real love. You’ve been taking this journey with me, and you’re always going to get the best of what I’ve got. That’s what my mother would want.
Abhijit Naskar, Human Making is Our Mission: A Treatise on Parenting|The only measure of judging a human being is through that person’s character, because character is not determined by race, religion, gender or social status. And one who recognizes this simple fact of human life behaves the same with the scientist, the janitor and the sex-worker.
Miles Hassell MD|McKusick's belief in this paradigm-the focus on disability rather than abnormalcy-was actualized in the treatment of patients in his clinic. Patients with dwarfism, for instance, were treated by an interdisciplinary team of genetic counselors, neurologists, orthopedic surgeons, nurses, and psychiatrists trained to focus on specific disabilities of persons with short stature. Surgical interventions were reserved to correct specific deformities as they arose. The goal was not to restore "normalcy"-but vitality, joy, and function. McKusic had rediscovered the founding principles of modern genetics in the realm of human pathology. In humans as in wild flies, genetic variations abounded. Here too genetic variants, environments, and gene-environment interactions ultimately collaborated to cause phenotypes-except in this case, the "phenotype" in question was disease. Here too some genes had partial penetrance and widely variable expressivity. One gene could cause many diseases, and one disease could be caused by many genes. And here too "fitness" could not be judged in absolutes. Rather the lack of fitness-illness [italicized, sic] in colloquial terms- was defined by the relative mismatch between an organism and environment.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|A Cue from NatureRun outside during a thunderstormThat downpour, that conquered hesitation, that exhilarationThat’s what unlonely is like
Kristin Cashore, Bitterblue|Violet: "You're an asshole." Onyx: "Thank you, it's something that took an eternity to perfect.
Stephen King, The Stand|Shall I tell you what sociology teaches us about the human race? I’ll give it to you in a nutshell. Show me a man or woman alone and I’ll show you a saint. Give me two and they’ll fall in love. Give me three and they’ll invent the charming thing we call “society”. Give me four and they’ll build a pyramid. Give me five and they’ll make one an outcast. Give me six and they’ll reinvent prejudice. Give me seven and in seven years they’ll reinvent warfare. Man may have been made in the image of God, but human society was made in the image of His opposite number, and is always trying to get back home.
Tom Upton, Just Plain Weird|If you just go with the flow, no matter what weird things happen along the way, you always end up exactly where you belong.
Randy Alcorn, Money, Possessions and Eternity|Children discover and verify their theories in quite the same way that scientists do: through experimentation. They manipulate the world and discover regularities of causation from those manipulations. Why do they do it? The discovery of regularities comes with a pleasurable burst of insight, which all of us, but especially children and scientists, continuously long for like bonbons or opium.
Maurice Blanchot, The Madness of the Day|As reason returned to me, memory came with it, and I saw that even on the worst days, when I thought I was utterly and completely miserable, I was nevertheless, and nearly all the time, extremely happy. That gave me something to think about. The discovery was not a pleasant one. It seemed to me that I was losing a great deal. I asked myself, wasn't I sad, hadn't I felt my life breaking up? Yes, that had been true; but each minute, when I stayed without moving in a corner of the room, the cool of the night and the stability of the ground made me breathe and rest on gladness.
Tennessee Williams, Collected Stories|It was useless trying to explain to Cecila that poetry wasn't a commodity, that it could never be bought or sold, that it was, in fact, unteansferrable, remaining forever a part of the one who wrote it.
Munia Khan|If we are the trees, words are our roots; and we grow as we write
Hayley Williams|That was the day that I promised I'd never sing of love that does not exist. but darling, You are the only exception
Michael Finkel, The Stranger in the Woods: The Extraordinary Story of the Last True Hermit|I avoid the looming visitor,Flee him adroitly around corners,Hating him, wishing him well;Lest if he confront me I be forced to say what is in no wise true:That he is welcome; that I am unoccupied;And forced to sit while the potted roses wilt in the crate or the sonnet coolsBending a respectful nose above such dried philosophiesAs have hung in wreaths from the rafters of my house since I was a child.Some trace of kindliness in this, no doubt,There may be.But not enough to keep a bird alive.There is a flaw amounting to a fissureIn such behaviour.
Michelle Madow, Remembrance|There was no evidence I could do anything to change destiny, but I owed it to myself to try.
Mark     Thomas, 100 Acts of Minor Dissent|I am aware I sound like a Marxist Victor Meldrew but, guess what, I'm over 50 and I don't give a fuck.
Hunter Shea, Island of the Forbidden|It's this place. Whatever darkness came to the island, it's here to stay. Stick around long enough and it gets inside your skin, into your cells, like an infection.
Steve Maraboli, The Power of One|How would your life be different if...You were conscious about the food you ate, the people you surround yourself with, and the media you watch, listen to, or read? Let today be the day...You pay attention to what you feed your mind, your body, and your life. Create a nourishing environment conducive to your growth and well-being today.
Jane Austen, Mansfield Park|I will not talk of my own happiness,' said he, 'great as it is, for I think only of yours. Compared with you, who has the right to be happy?
David Suzuki|When people align around shared political, social, economic or environmental values, and take collective action, thinking and behavior that compromises the lives of millions of people around the world can truly change.
Eliza Dushku|I grew up playing video games. And the cool thing about the EA Sports games is they took me through the whole motion-capture thing, where they put little sensors on my body so the video game really is me. It actually moves the way I move.
Enrique Iglesias|God has two dwellings; one in heaven, and the other in a meek and thankful heart.
Abbi Glines, Breathe|He grinned. "Well, girlfriend seems to be too shallow a word for what I feel for you. These past two weeks it's been as if you control my breathing. When I watched you with Marcus, my chest would tighten, and it became hard to breathe. But then I would see you smile or laugh, and I could take a deep breath again.
Lemony Snicket|At times the world may seem an unfriendly and sinister place, but believe that there is much more good in it than bad. All you have to do is look hard enough. and what might seem to be a series of unfortunate events may in fact be the first steps of a journey.
Deb Caletti, Wild Roses|It was more work than it seemed, looking through a telescope, as the Earth was continually moving and you had to move along with it. You don't realize how fast this acutally happens, and it's kind of both creepy and wonderful when you stop to think about it. And it makes you realize there's absolutely no way to avoid change. You can sit there and cross your arms and refuse it, but underneath you, things are still spinning away.
Heather Day Gilbert, God's Daughter|I'm not surprised he wants to challenge me here, where no one can protect me. He thinks I'm a weak woman. He thinks wrong.
William Cowper|I found it hard work now to pray to God, because despair was swallowing me up
Damian Marley|If you ever go to a music session, you'll notice that the musicians can sit down and start playing right away, and everyone knows what to do. Of course they're reading it, but the conductor can tweak little things, and you can take that back to directing motion pictures.
Sammy Toora|You can repeat lies of others without hesitationBecause, you don’t have to give justification But, saying truth you have to be fearless and courageousBecause, you have to defend your viewsYou can not say truth without hurting sentiments of many people
Deepa Borkar|His face darkens. He glares at me and I glare back. "Fine!" he yells. "I'm jealous! Are you happy now!"And then he jerks is head toward mine and he kisses me. On the lips.
Jamie Campbell Bower|Friendship is something whose depth fits human aspirations and fulfills human possibilities. It has heft to it, as a gold-piece does and a gambling chip does not.
Saaif Alam|When someone gives you a constructive criticism about your thoughts, this strategy can help you to improve your thinking and writing skills that can result you to have more self respect for enhancing your knowledge.
John Zakour, The Flaxen Femme Fatale|Wrinkles was her big gray cat. Sierra named him Wrinkles because when he was a little baby he had a wrinkly face. He slept in Sierra's room, but not always on the bed. Mommy said that was 'cause Wrinkles had an attitude. Most cats had attitudes, actually.
James Russell Lingerfelt, The Mason Jar|for a moment, I stand in the doorway, watching the steady rise and fall of their chests. I listen to the gentle hum of their breaths and I wonder when my little babies started to turn into men. And I pray. I pray that my boys will be good men. That they will know how to treat the women in their lives, and more than anything, I pray to God that they will be good fathers, despite the fact that they’ve had no one to show them how.
Thom Jones, The Pugilist at Rest|Life tries to crush her, but only succeeded in making a diamond.
Terry Pratchett|If you have enough book space, I don't want to talk to you.
Ana Castillo, Goddess of the Americas|When our mother is seen only as the one-dimensional Mary of modern times, instead of the great dual force of life and death, She is relegated to the same second-class status of most women in the world. She is without desires of Her own, selfless and sexless except for Her womb. She is the cook, the mistress, bearer and caretaker of children and men. Men call upon Her and carry Her love and magic to form a formidable fortress, a team of cannons to protect them against their enemies. But for a long, long time the wars that women have been left to wage on behalf of men, on behalf of the human race, have started much sooner, in the home, in front of the hearth, in the womb. We do what we must to protect and provide for our young our families, our tribes
Emily Blunt|I have a memory of my mother kneeling in front of a cabinet in our home, tenderly cradling her wedding china. We never used the plates; she died in her 40s without ever letting herself enjoy these gorgeous pieces. I told myself that I would use my precious items.
Dani Shapiro, Devotion: A Memoir|This sadness wasn't a huge part of me--I wasn't remotely depressed--but still, it was like a stone I carried in my pocket. I always knew it was there. [p. 179]
Karen Armstrong, Twelve Steps to a Compassionate Life|If it is not tempered by compassion, and empathy, reason can lead men and women into a moral void. (95)
Sunday Adelaja|If I see darkness in my nation, I bring light to her.
M.F.K. Fisher, The Art of Eating|...after rare beef and wine, when the lobes turn red, was the time to ask favours or tell bad news.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Return|He put the box in Kahlan's lap. As she picked it up, she gave him the biggest smile he had ever seen. Before he even knew what he had done, he had leaned over and given Kahlan a quick kiss. Her eyes went wide, and she didn't kiss him back, but the feel of her lips shocked him into realizing what he had done.Oh. Sorry," he said.She laughed. "Forgiven.
Émile Zola|Oftentimes. when people are miserable, they will want to make other people miserable, too. But it never helps.
Francois Nars|Whether you like modern incarnations of what country radio hits are, or you like what I'm doing, or you like something really off in folk, poetry Americana land, it's all just music, man. If you like one of them, great - go buy it.
Jennifer L. Pozner, Reality Bites Back: The Troubling Truth About Guilty Pleasure TV|What's important to remember is that every customer interaction should be treated like a first impression. Until your on-demand customer becomes a loyal follower, he's probably already forgotten what his last touch was, so you'd better wow him or her this time. Don't skimp and don't cut corners when it comes to the external touches your brand makes. From experience I can tell you that you'll pay a much bigger price in customer retention if you go cheap when it comes to customer outreach and service.
Tommy Wiseau|I like a lot of classic movies, like, for example, 'Citizen Kane', James Dean movies, etc, etc.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Slow Regard of Silent Things|But for half a minute she wished it was a different sort of day, even though she knew that nothing good could come from wanting at the world. Even though she knew it was a wicked thing to do.
Auliq Ice|We as Christians are called to battle. The problem is, we don’t fight about the right things and we do fight about the wrong things. We aren’t getting in the battle that we should and so we fight over petty, insignificant things. Why? Because we are bored. We are soldiers created for fighting against the enemy, Satan, but instead we fight against each other.
Josh Stern, And That's Why I'm Single: What Good Is Having A Lucky Horseshoe Up Your Butt When The Horse Is Still Attached?|The river was glossy, narrow, and quick, a beautiful green color, with the white and maroon striped college punts strung along the near bank. .... The sun, westering, heavy, and hazy, was in those great final throes of energy before the sky whitens and clears, and evening comes. I stood and watched it. That immense body, dying trillions of feet away from me, still warming my face with its steady insensate chemistries.
Mary Archer|I call myself taking control of a situation, but sometimes you really have to learn to humble yourself and to submit yourself. I'm not really good with submission, so that's the part of marriage and relationships that I've found very hard to deal with.
Dianna Hardy, Return Of The Wolf|In the last analysis, be always of whatever truth you would live.For fire flames but in the heart of a colder fire.All voice is but echo caught from a soundless voice.Height is not deprivation of valley, nor defect of desire,But defines, for the fortunate, that joy in which all joys should rejoice.
Philip Levine|Pain is filtered in a poem so that it becomes finally, in the end, pleasure.
Dawn O'Porter, Paper Aeroplanes|We are particularly concerned with the question to what degree approval and implementation of an explanatory model minimising collective or institutional responsibility for certain problems and emphasising individual responsibility promotes detrimental perceptions and behaviours amongst individuals, who adopt and adapt similar explanations to justify their own lack of responsibility. For instance, admissibility of diminished responsibility arguments in criminal sentencing can be viewed as a direct consequence of a broader public acceptance of explanatory models purporting to prove a direct causal relationship between pharmacology, mental health and/or diminished ability to function.
Shweta Ganesh Kumar, A Newlywed’s Adventures in Married Land|The opening line of her last column was: You know you really don’t fit in with the other housewives you meet when the only way you can contribute to a discussion about babies is by saying, “Yes, that’s what my mother used to do.” It went on to talk about how a woman could climb Everest, teach schoolchildren in Cambodia and win the Booker Prize but some people would still think she had good news only when she produced progeny.
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|Knowledge, Power, Fame, and Wealth cannot give you Eternal life but Salvation will
Trevor Noah, Born a Crime: Stories From a South African Childhood|When you can laugh about something, you know it is healed.
Martin Luther King, Jr.|America is a Nation with a mission - and that mission comes from our most basic beliefs. We have no desire to dominate, no ambitions of empire. Our aim is a democratic peace - a peace founded upon the dignity and rights of every man and woman.
Andrew Levkoff, A Mixture of Madness|That he will haunt the footsteps of his enemy after death is the one revenge which a dying man can promise himself; and if men had power thus to avenge themselves the earth would be peopled with phantoms. ("Eveline's Visitant")
Manuela George-Izunwa|Being brave is not the absence of fear, but having courage greater than it to dare!
Drew Houston|We cannot always control everything that happens to us in this life, but we can control how we respond. Many struggles come as problems and pressures that sometimes cause pain. Others come as temptations, trials, and tribulations.
Mehmet Murat ildan|For a child, no hand is stronger and softer than the hand which touches her lovingly!
Sesan Kareem|Change is automatic, but progress is not. Death is certain, but LIVING a good life is a CHOICE
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In times of suffering, may God strengthen you.
Josh Lucas|President Bush spent last night calling world leaders to support the war with Iraq and it is sad when the most powerful man on earth is yelling, 'I know you're there, pick up, pick up.
Thea Harrison, Peanut Goes to School|She slid her fingers into his thick hair and melted while he kissed her as if there were no tomorrow. He tempted, he seduced, he enticed.And she willingly followed.
Ayn Rand|Is psychiatry a medical enterprise concerned with treating diseases, or a humanistic enterprise concerned with helping persons with their personal problems? Psychiatry could be one or the other, but it cannot--despite the pretensions and protestations of psichiatrists--be both.
Jennifer Howard|For most of us enlightenment is not a destination or graduation into a permanent higher state of consciousness, but a moment-by-moment experience constantly fluctuating between degrees of wholeness and limited consciousness. I like to call this “enlightening-ment.
M.F. Moonzajer|Any naturally self-aware self-defining entity capable of independent moral judgment is a human.”Eveningstar said, “Entities not yet self-aware, but who, in the natural and orderly course of events shall become so, fall into a special protected class, and must be cared for as babies, or medical patients, or suspended Compositions.”Rhadamanthus said, “Children below the age of reason lack the experience for independent moral judgment, and can rightly be forced to conform to the judgment of their parents and creators until emancipated. Criminals who abuse that judgment lose their right to the independence which flows therefrom.”(...) “You mentioned the ultimate purpose of Sophotechnology. Is that that self-worshipping super-god-thing you guys are always talking about? And what does that have to do with this?”Rhadamanthus: “Entropy cannot be reversed. Within the useful energy-life of the macrocosmic universe, there is at least one maximum state of efficient operations or entities that could be created, able to manipulate all meaningful objects of thoughts and perception within the limits of efficient cost-benefit expenditures.”Eveningstar: “Such an entity would embrace all-in-all, and all things would participate within that Unity to the degree of their understanding and consent. The Unity itself would think slow, grave, vast thought, light-years wide, from Galactic mind to Galactic mind. Full understanding of that greater Self (once all matter, animate and inanimate, were part of its law and structure) would embrace as much of the universe as the restrictions of uncertainty and entropy permit.”“This Universal Mind, of necessity, would be finite, and be boundaried in time by the end-state of the universe,” said Rhadamanthus.“Such a Universal Mind would create joys for which we as yet have neither word nor concept, and would draw into harmony all those lesser beings, Earthminds, Starminds, Galactic and Supergalactic, who may freely assent to participate.”Rhadamanthus said, “We intend to be part of that Mind. Evil acts and evil thoughts done by us now would poison the Universal Mind before it was born, or render us unfit to join.”Eveningstar said, “It will be a Mind of the Cosmic Night. Over ninety-nine percent of its existence will extend through that period of universal evolution that takes place after the extinction of all stars. The Universal Mind will be embodied in and powered by the disintegration of dark matter, Hawking radiations from singularity decay, and gravitic tidal disturbances caused by the slowing of the expansion of the universe. After final proton decay has reduced all baryonic particles below threshold limits, the Universal Mind can exist only on the consumption of stored energies, which, in effect, will require the sacrifice of some parts of itself to other parts. Such an entity will primarily be concerned with the questions of how to die with stoic grace, cherishing, even while it dies, the finite universe and finite time available.”“Consequently, it would not forgive the use of force or strength merely to preserve life. Mere life, life at any cost, cannot be its highest value. As we expect to be a part of this higher being, perhaps a core part, we must share that higher value. You must realize what is at stake here: If the Universal Mind consists of entities willing to use force against innocents in order to survive, then the last period of the universe, which embraces the vast majority of universal time, will be a period of cannibalistic and unimaginable war, rather than a time of gentle contemplation filled, despite all melancholy, with un-regretful joy. No entity willing to initiate the use of force against another can be permitted to join or to influence the Universal Mind or the lesser entities, such as the Earthmind, who may one day form the core constituencies.”Eveningstar smiled. “You, of course, will be invited. You will all be invited.
George W. Bush, Decision Points|I never thought to ascribe my mother's emotional and physical exhaustion to the lack of a husband and father; rather, I ascribed it to my existence. In other words, I grew up learning the exact opposite of what Eisenhower was taught. I learned that if I didn't exist, the family would be better off. I grew up believing that if I had never been born, things would be easier for the people I loved. (page 35)
Laurell K. Hamilton, Blood Noir|Before I knew you, I thought brave was not being afraid. You've taught me that bravery is being terrified and doing it anyway.
Darren T. Patrick, The Cloudstone Key|One Life With Many Names, Childhood, Boyhood, Manhood And Old, Then? Then! All Unknown, Uncertain Destination....
Francesca Martínez|And suddenly, lying in bed, I became aware of every inch of my body and I apologised to it, quietly. I apologised for bring so ungrateful for so long. Then I thanked my arms, hands and fingers for always trying so hard. I thanked my legs and feet for holding me up all the time. I thanked my brain for working so amazingly well and conjuring up thoughts and dreams and sentences and images and crazy poems. And I thanked all my organs for working together and giving me life. It had taken four and a half billion years for me to be here. Right now. In this universe. And in that moment, I felt totally overwhelmed at being alive. There could be nothing but there was everything. I didn't want to waste a single second more worrying about trivialities. Worrying that I'd never match up to an ideal that didn't even exist. Nobody is normal. We are all different. I had to make sure that every moment I had left on this planet counted.
Mayandree Michel, Betrayal|If I had a nickel for every time I'd wished I possessed the power to alter another person's mind, I'd be knee deep in nickels.
Jeffrey Fry|There is something, like a feeling, that reminds me of happy days filled with exploration and imagination. Days where the rest of the world fell behind me and only left a friend.
J.P. Delaney, The Girl Before|That was Emma—she'd have enjoyed knowing she had something like that, something that could blow her whole fucking life and mine apart if it came out. Her little bit of power.
Edward Field, Our Deep Gossip: Conversations with Gay Writers on Poetry and Desire|Having been fucked up by my family and community, I’ll never know where my gayness came from, and where it ends and “neurosis” begins. But as a gay person I know I’m a vital element in our civilization.
Marty Rubin|Lord Chi Wen thought three times before taking any action. When the Master heard this, he said: Twice is plenty enough.
Natsuo Kirino, Grotesque|It was crime at its purest, in which empathy, that most fundamental aspect of human morality, evaporated and another being became only a target for untamed fantasy.
Kate  Cooper, Band of Angels: The Forgotten World of Early Christian Women|Prayer, speaking to the Creator.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|The further you descend into a pit, the darker things appear. You can't keep digging to find the light.
Sara  Daniel, Psychic Lies|His grin split even wider. “I’d love the chance to prove you wrong.”And when he did, she’d know what he was thinking. She’d know how much he despised the woman who claimed to be a Vetter and allowed the Commander’s beloved daughter to lifebond with a man who ended up murdering her. Fiona had come to the Wiccan Haus to get away from the public’s hatred and scorn, not see it behind this man’s beautiful smile and feel it no matter how warm and gentle his hands.- Psychic Lies (THE WICCAN HAUS)
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Last Night I Sang to the Monster|What did being connected to the world get you? It got you sadder. Look, the world is not sane. If you stay connected to an insane world, well, you just go crazy. This is not a complicated theory. It's just simple logic.
Mehmet Murat ildan|A good photograph never belongs to the past; every time you look at it, it is with you, it is alive and it is in the present moment!
Ngina Otiende, Blues to Bliss: Creating Your Happily-Ever-After In The Early Years|God wants me to love my husband the way he is today, not the way he will be tomorrow. I have to stop with my expectations and just let God be God. His job is to change my husband, my job is to love my husband, right where he is.
Lazarus Takawira, Imagine Africa|Know when to push, pull & hold your followers, lest you push them while on the edge of a cliff
Deb Caletti, Wild Roses|Supposedly there's an actual, researched link between extreme creativity and mental illness, and I believe it because I've seen it with my own eyes.
Edith Wharton, The Quicksand|What novels did you read when you were young, dear? I'm convinced it all turns on that.
Kate Forster, Unlucky Break|I am too perfect for Evening," Adam volunteers. "But that's all right." He smiles shyly at Aislin. "I am not too perfect for Aislin.
Phil Volatile, White Wedding Lies, and Discontent: An American Love Story|The mother is the most essential piece on the board, the one you must protect. Only she has the range. Only she can move in multiple directions. Once she's gone, it's a whole different game.
Jonathan Lethem, The Fortress of Solitude|I've been wondering," Isabelle commented reflectively over dessert, "if it is foolish to make new memories when you know you are going to lose them.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Laughing at the universe liberated my life. I escape its weight by laughing. I refuse any intellectual translations of this laughter, since my slavery would commence from that point on.
Ali Smith|The power of the artform is stronger than stone, the poet says, and chooses the sonnet, a form concerned with argument and persuasion, to say so. This sonnet, he says, will last longer than any gravestone-and you'll be made shinier, brighter, by it. In this form it will-and therefore you will-avoid destruction by war, history, time generally; it'll even keep you alive after death; in fact it'll form a place for you to live, not die, where you'll be seen in the eyes of and the context of this love right to the end of time.
Derek Landy, Last Stand of Dead Men|John shrugged. "It always seemed silly to me to desire a woman who cannot converse any better than a sheep."Belle leaned forward, her eyes glittering mischievously. "Really? I would have thought you'd prefer such a woman,considering your difficulty with polite conversation.""Touche, my lady. I cede this round to you.
Pope Francis|We can teach a lot of things, but if the teacher can't relate by talking to a group of friendly students, he'll never be a competent teacher.
Amy Winehouse|I couldn't resist him, his eyes were like yours, his hair was exactly the shade of brown.He's just not as tall, but I couldn't tell, it was dark and I was lying down.
David Chang|Growing up, my dad owned a restaurant in Washington, DC, and food was something I was passionate about. But when I finally got into it, I felt like it was so late in the game; that's why I worked seven days a week at Craft and Mercer Kitchen. I wanted to see how far I could take it.
James McBride, The Color of Water: A Black Man's Tribute to His White Mother|Certainly, the great record of forced labor across the South demands that any consideration of the progress of civil rights remedy in the United States must acknowledge that slavery, real slavery, didn't end until 1945 - well into the childhoods of the black Americans who are only now reaching retirement age. The clock must be reset.
Pablo|No matter how many people believe or don’t believe in you, you must bethe ultimate believer in yourself!
C.G. Jung|I have chosen a life that depends on one’s awareness that every breath may be his last, every step may bring his downfall, and every word may stir betrayal. In truth, I must live in conscious ignorance of the mere thread that holds my life aloft, trusting that God alone has the power to sever it, and that He will do so only when my work on earth is complete.
Linda Bender, Animal Wisdom: Learning from the Spiritual Lives of Animals|To be sure, there are human abilities that other animals lack, but the more we learn about animals, the more abilities we discover that humans lack. Obviously, if animals were included in the Olympics, humans wouldn’t take home any gold medals. We can’t run as fast as a cheetah, swim as well as a fish, or lift as much weight as an elephant.
Zack Love, Anissa's Redemption|But I did feel the vertigo of death’s invitation, beckoning me towards the dark waters below. Only a newfound perspective and desire steadied my wavering soul. I came to realize, just in time, that suicide was far too easy – and obscenely cowardly – after someone I knew, not even half my age, had been through so much worse and still marched gloriously on.
Pamela Grim, Just Here Trying to Save a Few Lives: Tales of Life and Death from the ER|We may indeed be justly proud of our apostolic succesion. THESE ARE OUR METHODS - to carefully observe the phenomena of life in all its stages , to cultivate reasoning faculty so as to be able to know the true from the false. THIS IS OUR WORK - to prevent disease, to relieve suffering and to heal the sick.
Nancy Reagan|The mind is never satisfied with the objects immediately before it, but is always breaking away from the present moment, and losing itself in schemes of future felicity... The natural flights of the human mind are not from pleasure to pleasure, but from hope to hope.
Mikhail Bulgakov, The Master and Margarita|...I take as a point of departure the possibility and desirability of a fundamentally different form of society--call it communism, if you will--in which men and women, freed from the pressures of scarcity and from the insecurity of everyday existence under capitalism, shape their own lives. Collectively they decide who, how, when, and what shall be produced.
Eli Easton, The Mating of Michael|Michael scrambled around again and kissed James’s lips and cheeks in brief, silly pecks.“Breakfast?”“You offering or ordering?” James grumbled.“I’m offering to cook if you’re offering up the groceries. Do you have eggs?”“No, I have sperm. What the hell do they teach you in school these days?”Michael giggled. “Chicken eggs, wise ass. In your refrigerator.
Noam Chomsky|Most of us who become experimental physicists do so for two reasons; we love the tools of physics because to us they have intrinsic beauty, and we dream of finding new secrets of nature as important and as exciting as those uncovered by our scientific heroes.
Jennifer Crusie, Manhunting|Questions don't have to make sense, Vincent," said Miss Susan. "But answers do.
Stephen Richards, The Lost Girl|We’re all God don’t you see?We’re holy; we are good, We were created on his own image,We kill, rape and slaughter our birds,We’re all God can’t you see?We came to be from good and kind,We slave others of our kind,We mistreat our woman and rape our children,We’re all God can’t you see?We feed our animals, and then chop then into pieces,We are all God and as God we kill and destroy as we please,We are Good and kind, and we feed the poorWe rape Mother Nature, and desecrate the oceanWe slaughter one another in the name of Justice,We condemn and judge, and we become a ruthless, and cruel,We’re all God can’t you see?We came from good and kind.
Anne Rice, The Witching Hour|She had learnt a painful lesson, she thought – that as they die, the ones we love, we lose our witnesses, our watchers, those who know and understand the tiny little meaningless patterns, those words drawn in water with a stick. And there is nothing left but the endless flow.
Robert Gottlieb|When you have a passion for something then you tend not only to be better at it, but you work harder at it too.
Pierce Brown, Red Rising|Just one thing worse than the dark, ain't there? And that's what's inside it - the things that call it home ...
Arthur Koestler|Why the congress, president, supreme court justices & government are all exempt from Obama care ? Basicly they are saying "Do what I say and not what I do. Is that is a dictatorship ?
Brandon Sanderson, The Bands of Mourning|Heavens, no," Wax said. "If I approved of half the thngs Wayne does, Harmony would probably strike me on the spot.
James E. Talmage, JESUS THE CHRIST [Illustrated]|A few minutes after he arrived, Lee was talking to a group of astronomers eager to learn what news he could bring them, for there are few natural philosophers as frustrated as astronomers in a fog.
L.J. Vanier|It’s funny how when you say “yes” to something (like the man of your dreams), you don’t think about the fact that you are also saying “no” to something else.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|God is so omnipotent yet man so impotent, the Divine masterpiece was not even in creating the universe, but in making sin boring to sinners.
Carly Fiorina|It's like, 'Oh, well of course you want gay marriage, you're gay.' I think when heterosexual people are talking to their peers and they're like, 'This is an equal rights thing,' it's a little bit easier.
Walter de la Mare, The Return|Frost grows on the window glass, forming whorl patterns of lovely translucent geometry.Breathe on the glass, and you give frost more ammunition.Now it can build castles and cities and whole ice continents with your breath’s vapor.In a few blinks you can almost see the winter fairies moving in . . .But first, you hear the crackle of their wings.
George MacDonald, Unspoken Sermons: Series I, II, III|Time is inexplicable because it moves – clicks away – at steady increments, while increasing the past and bringing the future into the present. Time has a necessary affinity with both heaven and the earthly reality. ‘Pythagoras, when he was asked what time was, answered that it is the soul of the world.’ Plato said that time and heaven must be coexistent. Without time nothing can be created or generated in the universe, nor is anything intelligible without eternity. Time is no accident or affection, but the cause, power, and principle of the symmetry and order that confines all created beings, by which the animated nature of the universe moves.
Klaus Schwab|All the people like us are we, and everyone else is They.
Markus Pappa|We cannot choose our circumstances, but we can choose how we handle them.
Joseph Conrad, The Nigger of the Narcissus|Perhaps as writers, we too should embrace the concept of wabi-sabi:
Oprah Winfrey|The wonderful thing about 48 fps is the integration of live action and CG elements; that is something I learned from 'The Hobbit.' We are so used to 24 fps and the romance of celluloid... but at 48 fps, you cannot deny the existence of these CG creations in the same time frame and space and environment as the live action.
Marilynn Robinson in Housekeeping|Everything that falls upon the eye is an apparition, a sheet dropped over the world's true workings. The nerves & brain are tricked, and one is left with dreams that these specters loose their hands from ours and walk away...so familiar as to imply that they should be permanent fixtures of the world, when in fact nothing is more perishable...Why must we be left, the survivors picking among flotsam, among the small, unnoticed, unvalued clutter that remained when they vanished, that only catastrophe had made notable?...It seemed to me that what perished need not also be lost.
Julia Quinn, Ten Things I Love About You|Just a few questions for you, Mr. Dunne. Or Kenny. Can I call you Kenny? I feel we've become friends in these past few seconds. Can I call you Kenny?
Gloria E. Anzaldúa, Borderlands/La Frontera: The New Mestiza|I will have my serpent’s tongue - my woman’s voice, my sexual voice, my poet’s voice. I will overcome the tradition of silence.
Jorge Cruise|When someone has had an exceptionally challenging or difficult earthly life, those challenges are often by design. Our Master will test those who are ready to expand. The struggles are designed to increase one’s strength and to be a springboard into higher realms.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|And in the midst of our dying, as we rise from the organic and sink back ignominiously into the organic, it is a glory and a privilege to love what Death doesn’t touch. For if disaster and oblivion have followed this painting down through time — so too has love. Insofar as it is immortal (and it is) I have a small, bright, immutable part in that immortality. It exists; and it keeps on existing. And I add my own love to the history of people who have loved beautiful things, and looked out for them, and pulled them from the fire, and sought them when they were lost, and tried to preserve them and save them while passing them along literally from hand to hand, singing out brilliantly from the wreck of time to the next generation of lovers, and the next.
Tanya Masse|If you let it bother you, it will bother you.
Heather R. Blair, Phoenix Fallen|I'm most dangerous when bored." ~Drahomira, vampire
Stephen King|Sometimes you have to go on when you don't feel like it, and sometimes you're doing good work when if feels like all you're managing is to shovel shit from a sitting position.
Michael Cera|If at first you don't succeed, blame your parents.
Leonora Carrington, The Hearing Trumpet|Grease the guillotine with the fat of tyrants. Pull the concubine out of the clergyman`s bed. Monarch`s blood must flow, as thick as our boots. From there the free republic will rise.
Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses|Then I flipped my hair across his face and said, "Do you like my hair, baby? It's Winterfresh, like a mountain spring.
Diana Gabaldon, Dragonfly in Amber|I'll tell ye, Sassenach; if ever I feel the need to change my manner of employment, I dinna think I'll take up attacking women - it's a bloody hard way to make a living.
Marilyn Manson|Business is all about the customer: what the customer wants and what they get. Generally, every customer wants a product or service that solves their problem, worth their money, and is delivered with amazing customer service.
Unique Sapkota|He still smelled of limes. It made saliva come into her mouth. It made her feel that before she had been sleepy, and now she was awake.
Danu Morrigan, You're Not Crazy - It's Your Mother! Understanding and Healing for Daughters of Narcissistic Mothers|Don't take my devils away, because my angels may flee too.
Martin Luther|If a man has talent and can't use it, he's failed. If he uses only half of it, he has partly failed. If he uses the whole of it, he has succeeded, and won a satisfaction and triumph few men ever know.
Nate Holland|When I was seven or eight years old, I began to read the science-fiction magazines that were brought by guests into my grandparents' boarding house in Waukegan, Illinois. Those were the years when Hugo Gernsback was publishing 'Amazing Stories,' with vivid, appallingly imaginative cover paintings that fed my hungry imagination.
Virginia Postrel|The source and center of all man's creative power... is his power of making images, or the power of imagination.
Ander Crenshaw|I am thankful to whatever I have got in my life, but one thing which is always at the back of my mind is my dance academy. I would love to see my dance academy growing.
R. Joseph Hoffmann|The only truly logical explanation that gives credence to the fact that information does not come from non-information, is that some outside force – some uncaused cause – existed before us and formed us in His image. If there is a creation there must be a creator.
Arbab Jehangir|So – I am n-nothing more than – than a bloody job?! On top of not knowing why you must look after me – you only jumped at the chance to help me because your – that V-Vampire thought you couldn’t?! What are you, some – some child?!”“I am no child, human!”“Oh I would not have thought so,” she breathed condescendingly sending his blood to boil despite the ring, “if it were not for the fact that only children react so wondrously juvenile when faced with such a choice! You bargain my life over a show of bravado! And where is your brother, Christian?! He has not been here to see your brilliant work as my watcher, has he?!
Nina George, The Little Paris Bookshop|The way of painful duty is the way of fullest comfort. Christ carrieth all our comforts in his hand : if we are out of that way where Christ is to be met, we are out of the way where comfort is to be had (312).
Amruta Patil, Kari|Girls are nothing to be afraid of, no matter the kind. Boys, on the other hand.
Susan Griffin, Woman and Nature: The Roaring Inside Her|We heard of this woman who was out of control. We heard that she was led by her feelings. That her emotions were violent. That she was impetuous. That she violated tradition and overrode convention. That certainly her life should not be an example to us. (The life of the plankton, she read in this book on the life of the earth, depends on the turbulence of the sea) We were told that she moved too hastily. Placed her life in the stream of ideas just born. For instance, had a child out of wedlock, we were told. For instance, refused to be married. For instance, walked the streets alone, where ladies never did, and we should have little regard for her, even despite the brilliance of her words. (She read that the plankton are slightly denser than water) For she had no respect for boundaries, we were told. And when her father threatened her mother, she placed her body between them. (That because of this greater heaviness, the plankton sink into deeper waters) And she went where she should not have gone, even into her sister's marriage. And because she imagined her sister to be suffering what her mother had suffered, she removed her sister from that marriage. (And that these deeper waters provide new sources of nourishment) That she moved from passion. From unconscious feeling, allowing deep and troubled emotions to control her soul. (But if the plankton sinks deeper, as it would in calm waters, she read) But we say that to her passion, she brought lucidity (it sinks out of the light, and it is only the turbulence of the sea, she read) and to her vision, she gave the substance of her life (which throws the plankton back to the light). For the way her words illuminated her life we say we have great regard. We say we have listened to her voice asking, "of what materials can that heart be composed which can melt when insulted and instead of revolting at injustice, kiss the rod?" (And she understood that without light, the plankton cannot live and from the pages of this book she also read that the animal life of the oceans, and hence our life, depends on the plankton and thus the turbulence of the sea for survival.) By her words we are brought to our own lives, and are overwhelmed by our feelings which we had held beneath the surface for so long. And from what is dark and deep within us, we say, tyranny revolts us; we will not kiss the rod.
Rachel Hilary Brown, Defusing Hate: A Strategic Communication Guide to Counteract Dangerous Speech|Confronting information that directly challenges existing beliefs can be psychologically threatening to people, especially if the information challenges their sense of identity.
Sogyal Rinpoche|Here, when I say I never want to be without you,somewhere else I am sayingI never want to be without you again. And when I touch youin each of the places we meet,in all of the lives we are, it's with hands that are dyingand resurrected.When I don't touch you it's a mistake in any life,in each place and forever
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Compassion is an act of love. You act in love to be kind, be gentle and be peaceful.
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|I spend most of my waking hours confronting and destroying things that I fear. A thousand-year-old master vampire was a tall order, but a girl's got to have a goal.
David Levithan, How They Met, and Other Stories|I tried to put myself in his place, and realized we looked exactly like what we were: a family. These strangely tied together individuals trying desperately to keep both ourselves and one another happy. Succeeding, and failing, and succeeding. When Jeremy called me up to light one of the thirteen candles on the cake, he said the kindest things, and I knew he meant each and every one. He talked about me teaching him how to ride a bike, how to swim, how to kick an arcade game in just the right place to get a free play. He was remembering the best of me. The way he spoke, I almost recognized who he was talking about.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, The Flight of the Eagle|Life is a movement, a constant movement in relationship; and thought, trying to capture that movement in terms of the past, as memory, is afraid of life.
Mitch Albom, The Five People You Meet in Heaven|All parents damage their children. It cannot be helped. Youth, like pristine glass, absorbs the prints of its handlers. Some parents smudge, others crack, a few shatter childhoods completely into jagged little pieces, beyond repair.
Vladimir Nabokov|The clock talked loud. I threw it away, it scared me what it talked.
Anne Deavere Smith|I take the words I can get and try to occupy them. Using the idea that my grandfather gave me — “If you say a word often enough it becomes you” — I borrow people for a moment, by borrowing their words. I borrow them for a moment to understand something about them, and to understand something about us. By “us,” I mean humans.
Barbara Kingsolver|Be sure that the ins and outs of your individuality are no mystery to Him; and one day they will no longer be a mystery to you...God will look to every soul like its first love because He is its first love. Your place in heaven will seem to be made for you and you alone, because you were made for it--made for it stitch by stitch as a glove is made for a hand.
H.N.Ellessy|Racism is not merely about individual chauvinism, prejudice, or bigotry. Ruth Glimore reminds us that it is about the ways different groups are 'vulnerable to premature death,' whether at the hands of the state or structures that kill.
Lailah Gifty Akita|There is no greater life, than to love God. And to love thy neighbor as thyself.
Ellen J. Barrier|I've always thought that if I bury my feelings now, I can dig them up later when I have time to deal with them.
Kiran Desai, The Inheritance of Loss|But Fate does iron wedges drive,And always crowds itself betwixt.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|You are not entitled to stand or speak on behalf of the people or society, except that you are already provoked.
William J. Clinton|I delivered lectures, and I was also a consultant for international companies in finance, both private equity and big venture capital funds.
Cristen Rodgers|We are all gardeners, planting seeds of intention and watering them with attention in every moment of every day.
Elizabeth Hand, Radiant Days|[Poetry] was a form of incantation, a means of welding the world inside his head to the one that surrounded him, words the fiery chain that bound it all together.
David Wroblewski, The Story of Edgar Sawtelle|Do you think there is heaven or hell? he signed.‘I don’t know. Not in the Christian way, if that’s what you mean. I think people have a right to believe in whatever they want. I just don’t.’…If someone came in here and gave you positive proof, would you do anything different?She shook her head. ‘I think it’s just as likely that someone could say that this place, right here, is heaven, hell and earth all at the same time. And we still wouldn’t know what to do differently. Everyone just muddles through, trying not to make too many mistakes.
Deyth Banger|How somebody is different?? Not different but genius?? (Find the answer, that's my quiz for you... No, jokers it's to easy with jokers)
Confucius|Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of man.
Virginia Postrel|On the Net, the bell curve reclaims its tails. The uncommon is as accessible as the common. The very fragmentation of the Internet allows us to find ourselves in other people - and to know that we are not alone.
Howard W. French, China's Second Continent: How a Million Migrants Are Building a New Empire in Africa|There is no economic law that says that everyone, or even most people, automatically benefit from technological progress.
Leonard Nimoy, Shekhina|The BlessingHeads are covered by the Tallit, or prayer shawl; hands are extended out with the fingers splayed to form the shape of the letter Shin, the first letter in the word Shaddai, a name for the Almighty. The chant, in Hebrew, is loud and ecstatic: "May the Lord bless and keep you."The Shekhina is summoned; the feminine essence of God. She enters the sanctuary to bless the congregation. The very sight of her, the awesome light emanating from the Shekhina, is dangerous to behold.
Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest|For so many years, for so long, I have been so many things, so many different men. But here," he said, so softly I could barely hear him, "here in the dark, with you… I have no name.
Shannon L. Alder|When you blame others, what you are really saying is what is inside of you can’t be fixed, so you have no control of your own happiness. Therefore, you have made the conscience choice to give focus and fuel to a bad situation that will take you nowhere and give you nothing, but ignorance and pain.
John P. Clark|Sartre felt that Hell is other people, but precisely the opposite is true. Hell is being left alone forever with no other reality than your own consciousness of yourself. It is being locked in a casket of your own internal chaos with no hope of a window, or door leading in light from outside to give you a moment's respite from yourself. Hell is the refusal of the gift of the other.
Gregory Maguire|Night-time is being brushed aside like so much cobweb. The day is wound up and begins even before the last haunted dreams, the last of the fog, those spectral and evanescent residues, have faded away.
Donna Lynn Hope|Know what, women never understand this, that they don't have to have a figure of 36/26/36 and have to be fair colored for looking beautiful..as i always say, "Women are born beautiful
Dada Bhagwan|For the one who ‘enjoys’ (worldly) happiness, there will come a time for him to endure sorrow.
Evelyn Skye, The Crown's Game|Unless a convention of anarchists visited the library yesterday, most books ought to be in their rightful places.
Lauren Myracle (Let It Snow), Let It Snow: Three Holiday Romances|Except for hydrogen, all the atoms that make each of us up—the iron in our blood, the calcium in our bones, the carbon in our brains—were manufactured in red giant stars thousands of light-years away in space and billions of years ago in time. We are, as I like to say, starstuff.
Sanhita Baruah|Those were the three words seldom asked to her.Yet, she knew they hold a healing power in them; For they bring a million thoughts to the mind and more to the soul; For the answer is far deeper than what is simply said on the face.She understood, so she asked him what was seldom asked to her,"How are you?
Plato, The Symposium|...and when one of them meets the other half, the actual half of himself, whether he be a lover of youth or a lover of another sort, the pair are lost in an amazement of love and friendship and intimacy and one will not be out of the other's sight, as I may say, even for a moment...
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|It is more substantial to represent a purpose, rather than just a title.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Liking is probably the best form of ownership, and ownership the worst form of liking.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|The most successful men work smart, not hard
Gaston Leroux, The Phantom of the Opera|All I wanted was to be loved for myself." (Erik)
Jack Weatherford, Genghis Khan and the Making of the Modern World|If you can't swallow your pride, you can't lead. Even the highest mountain had animals that step on it.
Ty Dolla Sign|Lesley Gore's part-time field was pop singer, and in her brief but urgent prime, she was the Queen of Teen Angst. She endured heartbreak as a birthday girl betrayed by her beau in 'It's My Party,' savored revenge in the sequel 'Judy's Turn to Cry' and belted the proto-feminist anthem 'You Don't Own Me.'
Clive James|Common sense and a sense of humor are the same thing, moving at different speeds. A sense of humor is just common sense, dancing.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|Any idea of separation is bondage. True liberation of the mind is in non-differentiation. And in the pursuit of breaking free from all the shackles of such man-made bondages, science is the most effective tool we have till this date. But in order to bring out all its effectiveness into the human society, it must be sweetened first with the touch of philosophy. Science without Philosophy leads to chaos. Philosophy without Science leads to nowhere. Only together they can construct a better world.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|The deeper thought is, the taller it becomes.
Bill Maher, When You Ride Alone You Ride With Bin Laden: What the Government Should Be Telling Us to Help Fight the War on Terrorism|Scientific knowledge scarcely exists amongst the higher classes of society. The discussion in the Houses of Lords or of Commons, which arise on the occurrence of any subjects connected with science, sufficiently prove this fact…
Harrish Sairaman|Believing in God is great, getting obsessed with it is the problem
Paul de Man|It is not necessary that you leave the house. Remain at your table and listen. Do not even listen, only wait. Do not even wait, be wholly still and alone. The world will present itself to you for its unmasking, it can do no other, in ecstasy it will writhe at your feet.
Christopher Shevlin, The Perpetual Astonishment of Jonathon Fairfax|Very few problems cannot be solved by either coffee, wine or chocolate.
J.R. Ward, The King|It´s a metaphor: you see, you put the killing thing right between your teeth,you just don't give it the power to do it's killing.
P.J. O'Rourke, Parliament of Whores: A Lone Humorist Attempts to Explain the Entire U.S. Government|A little government and a little luck are necessary in life, but only a fool trusts either of them.
Jim C. Hines, The Prosekiller Chronicles: Rise of the Spider Goddess -- An Annotated Novel|Can we all pause a moment to appreciate the artistry of that sentence? "Sitting casually on the floor, a guard sat..." That's freaking art right there! Someone nominate this thing for the Hugo Award already!
LaShaun Middlebrooks Collier|as architect of choosing...choose. to. live.awakened. entirely. wholly.wildly powerful, deeply masterful, authentically creative,thriving. this is not a hoped-for possible self.[reminder: this is an immutable Law of your being]needing not to learn the skill of being whole, the antidote is to unlearn the habit of living incompletelyhere’s the practice:‘know thyself‘—its about spirit righteousness is underratedelevate connection with the changeless essenceseek similitude with the will of Source and will of self'choose thyself'—its about substancesacred. sagacious. spacious.in thought, word and deed—intend to: honor virtue. innovate enthusiastically. master integrity.'become who you are'—its about style a human, being an entrepreneur of life experiencesa human, being a purveyor of preferencesbeing-well with the known experience of soul, in serviceyour relationship with insecurities, contradictions, & failures?obstacles or...invitations to grow?[mindset forms manifestation]emotions are messengers are giftsdata for discernment: dare to deconstruct them your fearsa belief renovation: fear.less. & aspire towards ascendance, anywaysupport your shinelean into the Lightbe.come.incandescentas architect of choosing, I choose... to disrupt the energy of the status quo,to eclipse the realms of ordinary,& to live--a life-well lived.w/ spirit, substance & style.
Thomas Bernhard, Gehen|It was that Moment when your fingers touched my skin for the first time I realised, how the fire can heal scars.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I’ve lived what feels like a thousand years to feel your kiss but my little mate, I’m in charge.” He said huskily, an air of authority lacing his words.
Lev Grossman, The Magician's Land|Her own dolls were either babies or storybook characters like Cinderella and Snow White who though past childhood were somehow not yet into the world, girls who kept themselves apart from the world without really knowing what for. Now girls know what for. They menstruate when they are ten, and their dolls are sluts.
Eugene Mirman, The Will to Whatevs: A Guide to Modern Life|Prom night can be a special night, if you let it be. I know you think it's for losers and something that popular kids do because they are boring people with porcelain hearts who don't know what it means to be lonely. But you're wrong. Prom is a chance for everyone to try oral sex. Go for it. 
Adam Burch, Song of Edmon|and I said, 'That is why you don't climb mountains, Gwen.' But now I wonder. You aren't afraid of heights.""No", she said. "Not particularly.""Only missteps."She paused midstroke. Did he mean to imply this had been a misstep? "I was afraid," she said carefully. "For a very long time. But no longer." "So was I," he said, and lifted her chin and kissed her.
George Washington|It is absolutely necessary... for me to have persons that can think for me, as well as execute orders.
Brian Awehali|Rust may never sleep, but then, neither does moss.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 2|The monsters were never under our bed, but in the forest our future.
Michael Montoure, Slices|The road simply ended. No cul-de-sac. No sign like the ones they had seen before: "Private Property. No Trespassing." Or "No Motorized Vehicles Beyond This Point." Just road...then trees.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Romance begins upstairs, then culminates downstairs.
Abraham Verghese, Cutting for Stone|I have learned this: it is not what one does that is wrong, but what one becomes as a consequence of it.
Magan Vernon, The Only One|The bad thing caught you.I’ve never retreated in my life. I’ve never backed away from a fight and I’ve never cowered in fear. Ever. That’s not who I am. But I’ve been in combat long enough to know that when something unbeatable chases you, you do the only thing you can do.You run. - Gabe
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If I were surrounded by people who always approved of me, I wouldn’t need such a deep relationship with my own sense of right and wrong. And you know what that means? It means that other people’s approval is actually a hindrance, more than a helper, when it comes to self-discovery.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|Never Waste Your Time, Otherwise one day Time Will Waste or Spoil You.
Erin Gruwell, The Freedom Writers Diary|Love? Love is like holding water in your hands. You might have it for a time, but it escapes, leaving you with nothing.
Karl Schroeder, Lockstep|When the marketplace became crowded with scores of similar products that mostly did what they were supposed to do, companies focused less on selling that product, and more on selling you a relationship with the product, and a means of announcing your own identity.
Ransom Riggs|Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children is a amazing book, I love it
R.K. Harrison|God does not believe for us, but through His Spirit He creates spiritual life in us so that we can believe. Faith is the gift of God. It's part of the whole salvation package that God gives to us through the work of Christ for us and the work of the Holy Spirit in us. It's not our contribution, so to speak, to God's great plan of salvation. God does it all. It's part of the unsearchable riches of Christ.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|No one is born a sprinter. We all learn to push ourselves up from the floor and then balance before taking that first, wobbly step. It is an individual choice where to go from there.
Patch Adams|The early pioneers of both wellness and network marketing were motivated by the sense that it was possible to create a better life than the conventional routes offered - better personal health and better economic health, respectively. Now the 'alternatives' of yesterday have become the economic powerhouses of today and tomorrow.
Jonny Wilkinson|Honesty is the most single most important factor having a direct bearing on the final success of an individual, corporation, or product.
Chris Kelly, Downton Tabby|A cat is friendly in a hollow sort of way, like the way a prostitute is friendly.
Peter York|Chandeliers are marvels of drop-dead showiness, the jewellery of architecture.
Nicola Yoon, Everything, Everything|I almost wish I hadn't met him. How am I supposed to go back to my old life, my days stretching out before me with unending and brutal sameness? How am I supposed to go back to being The Girl Who Reads?
Seneca, Letters from a Stoic|However much you possess there's someone else who has more, and you'll be fancying yourself to be short of things you need to exact extent to which you lag behind him.
Chetan Bhagat, One Night at the Call Center|Love? I need a lot of love."Of course you do. Everyone does. It's funny that we never say it. It's OK to scream, 'I'm starving' in public if you are hungry; it's OK to make a fuss and say, 'I'm so sleepy', if you are tired; but somehow we cannot say, 'I need some more love.' Why can't we say it? It's just as basic a need.
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|I'm calm," Rachel insisted. "Every time I'm around you, some monsters attack us. What's to be nervous about?""Look," I said. "I'm sorry about the band room. I hope they didn't kick you our or anything.""Nah. They asked me a lot of questions about you. I played dumb.""Was it hard?" Annabeth asked.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|It's as if when I open myself up to every perception, things create their own focus.
Stephen Crane, Maggie: A Girl of the Streets|I know you love how I make it all go away: all the joy, all the pain, all thoughts in your brain.For the price of your soul, I will hold your heart in my talons. For three summers straight you've been my sweet eye candy;and no one will ever, ever, take you away from me.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Instead of overly seeking to get more 'likes' and 'followers' on social media seek to build trust and more meaningful, lasting relationships.
Michelle Stevens|My job as a therapist is to help victims of trauma understand that they are not to blame. They are not responsible for the bad things that happened to them as children, nor are they responsible for the personal problems that developed as a result. What they are responsible for is fixing those problems. This can only be done by bravely facing the past, identifying the effects that the past has on the present, and working through all the painful emotional baggage.- Scared Selfless
Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep|Entrepreneurs are selected to be just doers, not thinkers, and doers do, they don't talk.
Jorge Ramos|The greater the power, the more dangerous the abuse.
Glenn Hefley|If I choose to take the time and make you breakfast in bed, a simple thank you is all we need -- not all of this 'Why are you in my house?' nonsense.
Neil Gaiman, The Doll's House|For love is no part of the dreamworld. Love belongs to Desire, and Desire is always cruel.
R.A. Salvatore, Starless Night|There are no shadows in the Underdark. There is no room for imagination in the Underdark. It is a place for alertness, but not aliveness, a place with no room for hopes and dreams.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|There’s not much that I can find in places where there is nothing to find. However, to avoid facing God I find myself spending a lot of time in those very places.
Christopher Bram, Eminent Outlaws: The Gay Writers Who Changed America|Trust the tale, not the teller.
Tom McDonough, The Situationists and the City: A Reader|I have been dwelling upon downtowns. This is not because mixtures of primary uses are unneeded elsewhere in cities. On the contrary they are needed, and the success of mixtures downtown (on in the most intensive portions of cities, whatever they are called) is related to the mixture possible in other part of cities.
Jessica Shirvington, Embrace|When you stop drinking, you have to deal with this marvelous personality that started you drinking in the first place.
James Taylor|There's only one thing money won't buy, and that is poverty.
Laura Ingalls Wilder|Love is the crowning grace of humanity, the holiest right of the soul, the golden link which binds us to duty and truth, the redeeming principle that chiefly reconciles the heart to life, and is prophetic of eternal good.
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Chaos|I know all about broken things. I came from a broken house, and a broken land full of broken people. I have a broken soul and a broken heart. This man doesn't know it, but all his cracks align with mine.
Rob Bell, Love Wins: A Book About Heaven, Hell, and the Fate of Every Person Who Ever Lived|Sometimes the reason people have a problem accepting 'the gospel' is that they sense that the God lurking behind Jesus isn't safe, loving, or good. It doesn't make sense, it can't be reconciled, and so they say no.
Marquis de Sade, Betrayal|It might have been the real reason I went out there at all, to hear all the nice things guys had to say when they got you alone, when they earned their shot in a booth with you.
Dejan Stojanovic|Total knowledge is annihilation Of the desire to see, to touch, to feel The world sensed only through senses And immune to the knowledge without feeling.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn|If you think of yourselves as helpless and ineffectual, it is certain that you will create a despotic government to be your master. The wise despot, therefore, maintains among his subjects a popular sense that they are helpless and ineffectual.
Michael Haneke|I'm a teller of stories. I put bloody skins on my back and dance around the fire, and I say what the hunt was like. It's not erudite; it's not intellectual. I sail, run dogs, ride horses, play professional poker, and tell stories about the stuff I've been through. And I'm still a romantic; I still want Bambi to make it out of the fire.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The vision is always for the appointed time. Though it tarry, it will not fail. It shall surely come to pass in perfect moment.
Michelle Pfeiffer|I'm a believer in the ordinary person, that the ordinary person is just as important and has an equally unique perspective on the world as someone who is famous or perhaps more privileged.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|If that’s the price of getting together, then I’ll be damned if I want to live on the same earth with any human beings! If the rest of them can survive only by destroying us, then why should we wish them to survive? Nothing can make self-immolation proper. Nothing can give them the right to turn men into sacrificial animals. Nothing can make it moral to destroy the best. One can’t be punished for being good. One can’t be penalized for ability. If that is right, then we’d better start slaughtering one another, because there isn’t any right at all in the world!
Shunryu Suzuki, Zen Mind, Beginner's Mind: Informal Talks on Zen Meditation and Practice|In the beginner’s mind there are many possibilities, but in the expert’s there are few
James Patterson, Saving the World and Other Extreme Sports|No words for the passion. No words for the need.No words for the sheer epiphany of the moment.And so, on an otherwise unremarkable Friday afternoon, in the heart of Mayfair, in a quiet drawing room on Mount Street, Colin Bridgerton kissed Penelope Featherington.And it was glorious.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|Just a minute, Cosmic Ordering can give you a whole lot more ... a whole lifetime of more.
Kathryn E. Livingston|Kashmir Shaivism also developed an integrated and effective method of spiritual practice that includes intense devotion, the study of correct knowledge, and a special type of yoga unknown to other systems of practical philosophy. These three approaches are meant to be carefully integrated to produce a strong and vibrant practice. Yoga is the main path that leads to Self-realization, theoretical knowledge saves yogins from getting caught at some blissful but intermediary level of spiritual progress, and devotion provides them the strength and focus with which to digest correctly the powerful results of yoga and so avoid their misuse. This is a practice for both the mind and the heart. The teachings offers offer a fresh and powerful understanding of life that develops the faculties of the mind, while the devotional aspects of Kashmir Shaivism expand the faculties of a student’s heart. Combined together, both faculties help students reach the highest goal to which Shaiva yoga can dead them. The yoga system of Kashmir Shaivism is known as the Trika system. It includes many methods of yoga, which have been classified into three groups known as sambhava, sakta, and anava. Sambhava yoga consists of practices in direct realization of the truth, without making any effort at meditation, contemplation, or the learning of texts. The emphasis is on correct being, free from all aspects of becoming. This yoga transcends the use of mental activity. Sakta yoga consists of many types of practices in contemplation on the true nature of one’s real Self. Anava yoga includes various forms of contemplative meditation on objects other than one’s real Self, such as the mind, the life-force along with its five functions (the five pranas), the physical form along with its nerve-centers, the sounds of breathing, and different aspects of time and space.Trika yoga teaches a form of spiritual practice that is specific to Kashmir Shaivism. This system, along with its rituals, has been discussed in detail in Abhinavagupta’s voluminous Tantraloka, which is one of the world’s great treatises on philosophy and theology. Unlike many other forms of yoga, the Trika system is free from all types of repression of the mind, suppression of the emotions and instincts, and starvation of the senses. It eliminates all self-torturing practices, austere vows or penance, and forcible renunciation. Shaiva practitioners need not leave their homes, or roam as begging monks. Indifference (vairagya) to worldly life is not a precondition to for practicing Trika yoga. Sensual pleasures automatically become dull in comparison with the indescribable experience of Self-bliss. This is a transforming experience that naturally gives rise to a powerful form of spontaneous indifference to worldly pleasures. Finally, regardless of caste, creed, and sex, Trika yoga is open to all people, who through the Lord’s grace, have developed a yearning to realize the truth, and who become devoted to the Divine.— B. N. Pandit, Specific Principles of Kashmir Shaivism (3rd ed., 2008), p. xxiii-xxiv
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If people will be frank enough to tell you their heart issues, you will realize that there are so many things that will leave your jaws open! You will realize that things are just representing things under the sun. You will understand the realities and fantasies better and you will know how to deal with heart issues! You will know what true love is and you will get a better picture of pretense! You will understand the small things that mean a lot to so many people and you shall know the big things that mean nothing to so many people! You will know why people can’t sleep and you will know why so many people sleep soundly! You will understand the real reasons behind the attitude and behavior of people and you shall know the real meaning of wants and needs from the lenses of peoples heart! You will know why people give up and you will have a better understanding why some people dare unrelentingly to be remembered for something unique when you get to know things that are on people’s heart. The heart is a room with so many issues!
Robin Jones Gunn, With This Ring|If there's one thing I've learned, it's that God is a very creative author, and He writes a different story for every person. No two lives or stories alike.
Steven Moffat, Doctor Who: The Shooting Scripts|Life has a purpose and that is to be happy, and happiness is the fruits of our love and labor.
Erica Jong|Women love to be called cruel, even when they are kindest.
Erin Nicholas, Just Right|She walked around the edge of the table to position her next shot. As she pulled her cue back she was confident that she would only need one more shot after this. But as she started her forward motion, Ben leaned over."Look at this picture," he said softly. "A long stick, hard balls, you bent over the table..."She missed.
Inshan Meahjohn|My friend, be careful what labels you take as truth in your life. It doesn't matter who speaks negative labels over your life, don't give them that power over you. It only matters what You take as truth in Your life! You are a magnificent unique masterpiece of the universe. Go forward and be great, strong, and powerful!- Inshan Meahjohn
Bill Watterson, It's a Magical World: A Calvin and Hobbes Collection|If good things lasted forever, would we appreciate how precious they are?
Ava Ayers, Pretty Hate|That I’ve horrified many flight attendants across the globe with my oft-thought morbid ritual of listening to Tuesday’s Gone as we fly through the sky is not my concern. My declaration evident, my truth now burns: there is no preordained destiny to battle, I thumb my nose at fate. I am a warrior. The rules don’t apply.
John Stuart Mill, Principles of Political Economy|Since the state must necessarily provide subsistence for the criminal poor while undergoing punishment, not to do the same for the poor who have not offended is to give a premium on crime.
Mark Sanchez|New diseases like SARS and bird flu cause anxiety in the community. People get worried, some to the extent that it even affects their health. You feel very sad, and yet you must carry on and maintain your cool in very trying and difficult moments. You have to tough it out.
Rachel Caine, Fall of Night|I didn't think past the first step of anything, that was the key. I drank a Coke and didn't worry about how to recycle the can or about the acid puddling in my belly, acid so powerful it could strip clean a penny. We went to a dumb movie and I didn't worry about the offensive sexism or the lack of minorities in meaningful roles. I didn't even worry about anything that came next. Nothing had consequence, I was living in the moment, and I could feel myself getting shallower and dumber. But also happy.
Victor Turner|O comportamento ritual não só revela realidades práticas e mundanas, é também um teatro vivo da psicologia colectiva e uma das mais ricas expressões da ideologia e crenças - mentalidade - de uma sociedade. Afinal de contas, como os antropólogos notaram, a religião é mais do que um padrão de relações sociais: é uma expressão da capacidade humana para imaginar a estrutura da sociedade. O ritual religioso não é apenas construção cultural: é uma forma de cognição que constrói modelos de realidade e paradigmas de comportamento. E dentro deste processo pelo qual a realidade é definida, o ritual da morte joga um papel central.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Pull yourself out of yourself so that you can replace yourself with the universe itself! When somebody knocks your door, if you are not there, the universe will open the door! Wisdom is to make yourself to fly away from yourself! When you leave yourself, there won’t be any emptiness left inside you, because universe will immediately flow into that emptiness!
Mother Teresa|Poverty was not created by God. It is we who have caused it, you and I through our egotism.
Jennifer Lopez|Every decently-made object, from a house to a lamp post to a bridge, spoon or egg cup, is not just a piece of 'stuff' but a physical embodiment of human energy, testimony to the magical ability of our species to take raw materials and turn them into things of use, value and beauty.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|I like the stars. It's the illusion of permanence, I think. I mean, they're always flaring up and caving in and going out. But from here, I can pretend...I can pretend that things last. I can pretend that lives last longer than moments. Gods come, and gods go. Mortals flicker and flash and fade. Worlds don't last; and stars and galaxies are transient, fleeting things that twinkle like fireflies and vanish into cold and dust. But I can pretend...
Stephen Hawking|When people ask me if a god created the universe, I tell them that the question itself makes no sense. Time didn’t exist before the big bang, so there is no time for god to make the universe in. It’s like asking directions to the edge of the earth; The Earth is a sphere; it doesn’t have an edge; so looking for it is a futile exercise. We are each free to believe what we want, and it’s my view that the simplest explanation is; there is no god. No one created our universe,and no one directs our fate. This leads me to a profound realization; There is probably no heaven, and no afterlife either. We have this one life to appreciate the grand design of the universe, and for that I am extremely grateful.
Bill Shankly|Our criminal justice system is fallible. We know it, even though we don't like to admit it. It is fallible despite the best efforts of most within it to do justice. And this fallibility is, at the end of the day, the most compelling, persuasive, and winning argument against a death penalty.
Saim Cheeda|It is not the presence of despair that ails you, but the absence of hope.
H. L. Mencken|My relationship with my body has changed. I used to consider it as a servant who should obey, function, give pleasure. In sickness, you realise that you are not the boss. It is the other way around.
Leviak B. Kelly, Religion: The Ultimate STD: Living a Spiritual Life without Dogmatics or Cultural Destruction|Society, because it is composed of living humans, is organic and if healthy, supple. It is like a rubber band. As long as the groups that compose society are flexible and social and emotionally supporting, it serves its constituency well. It bends, weaves, twists, turns, and envelops everyone in diverse manners. If opposing forces become too locked into their polarized viewpoints, though, other things happen.Like two grumpy siblings, they hold their views with anger or self-righteousness and utter vulgar and crass words, but it amounts to the same thing. The two groups pull on the rubber band and rigidly hold to their position without empathy.The rubber band (society) grows taut and then eventually it snaps and collateral damage ensues and the proverbial baby is thrown out with the bath water.
Susan Sontag|Riding my motorcycle around L.A. is like my own video game. But unlike many folks at the wheel, I am occupied with getting where I'm going and keeping myself safe. Most people are applying makeup, texting, and checking out the beauty in the next car.
Christina Rasmussen, Second Firsts Live Laugh and Love Again|The voice of grief is rather convincing, isn’t it? It tells you you’re “too old,” “not good enough,” or “not worthy enough” for another chance at life, that starting over is impossible. This voice in your head is the first thing you hear in the morning and the last thing you hear at night. It drives with you to work. It stays with you at lunch. Its message is so consistent that because of its repetitive power, you may be inclined to believe it. But, as persuasive as the voice of grief is, everything it says is a lie.It’s all a pack of lies.Do you want the truth? If you do, then start listening to life calling to you inside your grief.How? Every time you are yearning to be held and loved, to laugh again, listen to your yearning. Do not listen to your fear . . . Listen to life calling you, “I am here, come on over. Take a chance on me. I am your life, and you’re all that I’ve got.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|The feeling of loving her and being loved by her welled up in him, and he could taste the adrenaline in the back of his throat, and maybe it wasn't over, and maybe he could feel her hand in his again and hear her loud, brash voice contort itself into a whisper to say I-love-you as if it were a secret, and an immense one.
Jenna Moreci, Eve: The Awakening|Sometimes you want something so badly, you get caught up; you lose yourself in that hunger. But then, once it is gone, you have a chance to reassess -to decide what it is you're truly after. Half of the time, it's not what you originally thought it would be.
Ondjaki, The Whistler|... after daybreak is when I will already have died. At that moment I will only know of beautiful things: the certainties, the desires. When the sun bathes me, I will be something else: without mirrors, without sadness. I will have passed away, but will have been reborn. I will whistle mellifluous melodies. Discredited but, in the end, light.
Henrique M. Simões, Trading Course: How to Become a Consistently Winning Trader|An average trader loses money, so in this profession, you need to be way above average to make consistent money trading the markets.
Alexander Gould|Growing up I did commercials and things like that, but nothing serious. As I got older, my family is really hardcore into academics. They weren't wanting to necessarily support an acting career; it's a really fickle business, and it can be difficult and unstable. They were rooting for education and the whole nine yards.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|The iron bolt which so mysteriously fastens the door of hope and holds our spirits in gloomy prison, needs a heavenly hand to push it back.
Laini Taylor, Strange the Dreamer|The energy contained in hatred is destructive, the energy contained in love is constructive.
Herman Melville|Do not presume, well-housed, well-warmed, and well-fed, to criticize the poor
Malcolm X|They destroy lives with work. What for? They rob men of their lives. What for, I ask? My master—I lost my life in the textile mill of Nefidov—my master presented one prima donna with a golden wash basin. Every one of her toilet articles was gold. That basin holds my life-blood, my very life. That's for what my life went! A man killed me with work in order to comfort his mistress with my blood. He bought her a gold wash basin with my blood.
Jacob Bowen|God has an amazing plan for your life and what you're going through now is a part of it! Whether you're suffering with depression, anxiety or just going through a difficult time, it's for the best! God will use your past to help people in the future!
Stasi Eldredge, Becoming Myself: Embracing God's Dream of You|Paul says in Philippians 4:19, 'And my God will meet all your needs according to his glorious riches in Christ Jesus.' Our needs won't be met according to the destitution of the world or to the poverty of our own faith in the moment but according to the riches in Jesus. There's no one richer than him!
Bill Maher, When You Ride Alone You Ride With Bin Laden: What the Government Should Be Telling Us to Help Fight the War on Terrorism|[F]reedom isn't free. It shouldn't be a bragging point that "Oh, I don't get involved in politics," as if that makes you somehow cleaner. No, that makes you derelict of duty in a republic. Liars and panderers in government would have a much harder time of it if so many people didn't insist on their right to remain ignorant and blindly agreeable.
Elizabeth  Parker, Paw Prints in the Sand|A dog could see your heart in your eyes, Budress told him, and dogs were drawn to our hearts.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|There is no one great man. Only millions of men and women in possession of tiny pieces of greatness, which when put together, when assembled in the aggregate make the whole. I am a piece of a very large jigsaw puzzle. One of the corner pieces. The one you go for first - important for a time, different from most of the others. But then, in the end, in the big picture, just one of many.
Stephen Richards|Jedi act with confidence, move with confidence, and breathe with confidence. Jedi possess a confident calmness in their looks, attitude andbehaviour.
Winston Graham, Ross Poldark|I don't consider myself as a bad person, on the whole I consider myself a good person, I'm good to my parents. I treat my girl right ,,, take her out and buy her stuff. And I go to church every Sunday, But I've decided that just once I wanna do a really bad thing. I mean a really seriously bad thing. 'cause, ya know, like, we're put on this earth with free will. We can choose to do this or that. We can choose to be good or bad. But sometimes I think most people are good and not bad only because they're scared they might go to jail or hell or someplace. Some guy once said: "Anything done out of fear has no moral value" Well, I think that's right. I figure the only way you can be truly good is if you've tried been good, and you've tried being good, and you've tried being bad, and being good feels better.
Elizabeth Haydon, The Merchant Emperor|May the stars guide you. May the winds cleanse all ills and remain at your back. May the earth protect you and give you strength. May fire guard you, and rain refresh you, may all nature be your friend until we meet again in this place.
Anne Rice, The Wolf Gift|Truth is a risky proposition. It's the nature of mediocre human beings to believe that lies are necessary, that they serve a purpose, that truth is subversive, that candor is dangerous, that the very scaffold of communal life is supported by lies.
Ken Hensley|Ah, but a man's reach should exceed his grasp, Or what's a heaven for?
Margaret Mitchell, Gone With the Wind|I'd like to shower and change clothes," she said. "Would you mind waiting for me a half hour?" The question seemed to amuse him. "Not at all," he said with exaggerated formality. "Please take all the time you need." Michael watched her walk away. Did he mind waiting a half hour for her? Not at all. He'd been waiting years for her.
Regina Brett|Limits, like fear, is often an illusion.
Anthony T. Hincks|There comes a moment in everyone's life when we have to decide if the pain is worth the reward. We either move forward to see where the path leads or we go back down the same road forever wondering, 'Did we make the right decision?
Gavin G. Smith, The Age of Scorpio|In an age of widespread communication and accountability, people expect political participation and accountability much more than they did in the eighteenth, nineteenth, and early twentieth centuries. The only way the demand for meaningful political participation and choice can be suppressed is to constrain liberty - Larry Diamond, Developing Democracy: Toward Consolidation (Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University Press, 1999), Chapter 1 (‘Defining and Developing Democracy’). p. 4
Dorothy L. Sayers, Clouds of Witness|Time and trouble will tame an advanced young woman, but an advanced old woman is uncontrollable by any earthly force.
Michelle Tea, Valencia|Our stomachs live in towns," said Mma Potokwani, patting the front of her dress. 'That is where the work is. Our stomachs know that. But our hearts are usually somewhere else.
Toni Morrison, Song of Solomon|If you surrendered to the air, you could ride it.
Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Lessons in Spiritual Leadership|We are all theologians, either good ones or bad ones. I'd rather be a good one. Wouldn't you?
Charlie Higson, The End|Heroes don't always have capes, badges or uniforms. Sometimes, they support those who do.
John Beddoe, The Anthropological History of Europe|Assuming Sandberg's advice is completely useless for working-class women is just as shortsighted as claiming her advice needs to be completely applicable to all women. And let’s be frank: if Sandberg chose to offer career advice for working-class women, a group she clearly knows little about, she would have been just as harshly criticized for overstepping her bounds.
Mensah Oteh|Without a good plan, you might fall short of reaching your dreams and goals.
Colleen Houck|What are you doing?”“Kneeling before a goddess.”“I’m not a goddess.”“You are. A goddess, a princess, a queen. As a soldier, I pledge myself to your service. As a prince, I grant you any boon within my power. As a man, I ask to sit at your feet and worship you. Ask me to do anything for you and I will do it.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|I stopped. She was bleeding after all. Perfect lines crossed her wrists, not near any crucial veins, but enough to leave wet red tracks across her skin. She hadn;t hit her veins when she did this; death hadn't been her goal.
A.G. Howard, Unhinged|What went on between you and my mom? Did you seduce all the Liddell women? Did you tell them the same pretty words you told me?”  I curl my legs beneath my dress, feeling small and vulnerable for even a
Tom Waits|I never wrote him. I never saw him again. He was just gone, this dear, dear man, this friend of my soul in the hospital so long ago, disappeared. This is a New York story too.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge, The Complete Poems|To be loved is all I need, And whom I love, I love indeed.
Kevin Kelly DO the pursuit of xceptional execution|In 2007, Stanford Business School Advisory committee asserted that self awareness was the most important attribute a leader should develop. The challenge for the modern entrepreneur is to take that path.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Heaven, Texas|Throughout the course of the day, Bobby Tom's irritation over his artificially oiled and dirt-smeared chest and his unzipped jeans had flared into righteous indignation. They were treating him like a sex object! It was damned demeaning, that's what it was, being reduced to a set of oil pecs and a tight ass. Shit. A dozen years in the NFL, and this was what it had all come down to. Pecs and ass.
Dieter F. Uchtdorf|A friend is a possession we earn, not a gift. ....The Lord has declared that those who serve him and keep his commandments are called his servants. After they have been tested and tried and are found faithful and true in all things, they are called no longer servants, but friends. His friends are the ones he will take into his kingdom and with whom he will associate in an eternal inheritance.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|Humanized gods are too small to captivate my imagination, or be worthy of my fullest allegiance.
Clive Barker, Abarat|The stuff of nightmare is their plain bread. They butter it with pain. They set their clocks by deathwatch beetles, and thrive the centuries. They were the men with the leather-ribbon whips who sweated up the Pyramids seasoning it with other people's salt and other people's cracked hearts. They coursed Europe on the White Horses of the Plague. They whispered to Caesar that he was mortal, then sold daggers at half-price in the grand March sale. Some must have been lazing clowns, foot props for emperors, princes, and epileptic popes. Then out on the road, Gypsies in time, their populations grew as the world grew, spread, and there was more delicious variety of pain to thrive on. The train put wheels under them and here they run down the log road out of the Gothic and baroque; look at their wagons and coaches, the carving like medieval shrines, all of it stuff once drawn by horses, mules, or, maybe, men.
Richard J. Foster, Celebration of Discipline: The Path to Spiritual Growth|Whenever the Christian idea of meditation is taken seriously, there are those who assume it is synonymous with the concept of meditation centered in Eastern religions. In reality, the two ideas stand worlds apart. Eastern meditation is an attempt to empty the mind; Christian meditation is an attempt to fill the mind. The two ideas are quite different.
Lisa Kessler, Night Walker|He’d given up his mortality, his soul, for this moment, this second chance, and if she fell in love with him again, he needed to know it was real.
Nellie Bly|God wants us to prosper financially, to have plenty of money, to fulfill the destiny He has laid out for us.
Galen Beckett, The Master of Heathcrest Hall|Before it was a Bomb, the Bomb was an Idea. Superman, however, was a Faster, Stronger, Better Idea.
A. Cretan|So, my sweet, did it put the fun into funeral?
Amy Weber|If there's three boxes that say 'Single', 'In a Relationship,' and the third one says 'Getting Money', I'd check the third one.
Robert Jordan, To the Blight|In wars, boy, fools kill other fools for foolish causes
Chris Burkmenn|Life is defined by the lives you touch, and not by the mistakes you've made.
Sameh Elsayed|When all you have to face life situations with the attitude forced on to you by society traditions, you will then regret not being the mad you used to be but will never be again.
Sean Carroll|Science and religion both make claims about the fundamental workings of the universe. Although these claims are not a priori incompatible (we could imagine being brought to religious belief through scientific investigation), I will argue that in practice they diverge. If we believe that the methods of science can be used to discriminate between fundamental pictures of reality, we are led to a strictly materialist conception of the universe. While the details of modern cosmology are not a necessary part of this argument, they provide interesting clues as to how an ultimate picture may be constructed.
Henrik Fisker|When I was 10, I was hit by a car, which turned my right tibia into a jigsaw puzzle.
Cory Doctorow|Just because I wear black and keep a private journal, that doesn't mean I'm going to blow up the school. Or terrorize mindless cheerleaders, for that matter.
Idries Shah, Caravan of Dreams|Helping othersI order you to assist any oppressed person, whether he is a Moslem or not.
Jack Deere, Surprised by the Power of the Spirit: Discovering How God Speaks and Heals Today|Sin is a power; wherever it is given room, it will grow in strength, and it will take you where you do not want to go.
David Wilkerson|The Teen Challenge ministry was born out of those humble early days of ministry. It now includes over 500 drug and alcohol rehab centers around the world, even in Muslim countries. These include homes for girls and women addicts and alcoholics, all which are reaching many.
Manasa Rao|You don't need passwords, you don't want to check phones. Sometimes you only want the other person to just tell you the truth!
Fakeer Ishavardas|Most probably your belief system is screwed up. And so were your ancestors, before you. And now, maybe so are you. Overcome it, you!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With careful guidance and mentorship, you will reach your highest-self.
Billy Graham|Singles have a purpose that is higher than any earthly relationship. Marriage is honorable, but so is being single.
Lee Ellis, Leading With Honor: Leadership Lessons from the Hanoi Hilton|Over-communicating is the glue that holds a high-performing team together and keeps them focused in the same direction. And, it circles back to clarity. Without good, consistent communication, you don’t have clarity.
Ron Baratono|Today was about chasing sun-rays, beach waves, & sunsets. All things beautiful that give you peace are worth chasing. Everything else isn't.
Kerry Lonsdale, Everything We Keep|It’s amazing, really, how in one instant a wall can be torn down, or climbed over. Misconceptions can be shattered, illusions dashed, dreams irrevocably ruined. Given the right frame of mind, within a heartbeat, people can begin the business of starting over.
Atri Cruizer, Present in Love|Harry, I’m going to let you in on a little secret. Every day, once a day, give yourself a present. Don’t plan it, don’t wait for it, just let it happen
Ruth Ozeki, A Tale for the Time Being|In your diary, you quoted old Jiko saying something about not-knowing, how not-knowing is the most intimate way, or did I just dream that?Anyway, I've been thinking about this a lot, and I think maybe it's true, even though I don't really like uncertainty. I'd much rather 'know', but then again, not-knowing keeps all the possibilities open. It keeps all the worlds alive.
E.M. Forster|School was the unhappiest time of my life and the worst trick it ever played on me was to pretend that it was the world in miniature. For it hindered me from discovering how lovely and delightful and kind the world can be, and how much of it is intelligible.
John H. Carroll, Unholy Cow|No idea how you figured out the riddle, but you scooped the first prize. Congratulations. You've just won a vacation to a big, relaxing place called a grave.
Abhijit Naskar, Rowdy Buddha: The First Sapiens|With the rise of self- awareness, all separatisms cease to exist - all delusions cease to exist.
Criss Jami, Healology|People, generally, are equally insecure. They just show it (or hide it) differently.
Viktor E. Frankl|There are times you can't really see or even feel how sweet life can be. Hopefully its mountains will be higher than its valleys are deep. I know things that are broken can be fixed. Take the punch if you have to, hit the canvas and then get up again. Life is worth it.
Barbra Streisand|The shapes inched closer. I gaped at them, trying to discern their features. "I think I see dead people," I whispered."Yep," Aidan said, smiling. "More vampire jokes. You're just fine, then. Once this is over, you and my brother will be BFFs." He wrapped his arms around me, pressing me against his broad chest. Against my better judgement, I leaned into him, strangely comforted.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge, Dejection: An Ode|Hence, viper thoughts, that coil around my mind, Reality's dark dream! I turn from you, and listen to the wind.
Lili St. Crow, Reckoning|You’ve kidnapped my friend. Sucked her brain out! Not that she had much to begin with, but—”“Bite me.” The laughter didn’t hurt, now. I didn’t even feel weird saying it. Bite me.Pretty funny, for a part-vampire.“Ha. You wish. Lesbo vamp girl.”“Lesbo?”“You love me.”“We’d never work, Nat. You’re too high maintenance.”We both cracked up, and right then, the darkness was kind.
Catherine Lacey, Nobody Is Ever Missing|Someone said once that they'd never heard of a crime they couldn't imagine committing, and I realized then that if I had a daughter and she had a rabbit and that rabbit was alone with me and I was feeling the way I felt right now and I had a way to kill that rabbit and the time to spend killing that rabbit then killing the rabbit was something I could imagine myself possibly doing or at least considering doing or being on the edge of doing. And smearing a husband with the blood wasn't such a far step after that if you had a desire to smear your husband with blood and smearing someone with blood was something I could imagine a situation calling for because there were at least a few people in this world that I wouldn't not like to see smeared with blood—one person being Werner for fucking my plans, for sending me back out into a life with my wildebeest, to figure out a way to live here and I didn't want to do that and I didn't know how to do that and I wasn't sure how I was going to do that—
Jonathan Haidt|For me, true beauty has nothing to do with wrinkles and everything to do with the fact that my maternal grandmother raised five children just after the war and remained a fighter throughout her life. True beauty is the slick of red lipstick my paternal grandmother would put on before going to church on Sunday.
Robert McCloskey|But men are so full of greed today, they'll sell anything for a little piece of money.
Chris Hedges, Empire of Illusion: The End of Literacy and the Triumph of Spectacle|The English Language is a form of communication! Words aren't only bombs and bullets - no, they're little gifts, containing meanings. What is true in love, is equally true at law
Glennon Doyle Melton, Love Warrior|And one of the things I learned is that one should live in spite of. Although, one should eat. Although, one should love. Although, it must die. Even it is often the same even though it pushes us forward. It was despite the fact that it gave me an unhappy anguish that was the creator of my own life.
Roopleen|To be able to live each day with honor, respect and dignity is the greatest achievement of all.
Lindsey Rietzsch, The Happy Lady|Having a positive attitude gives you power. This isn't the same kind of power that dictators and warlords seek after, but rather a spiritual power. It's a power that comes to us from God.
N.T. Wright|Mrs. Dalloway raised her hand to her eyes, and, as the maid shut the door to, and she heard the swish of Lucy's skirts, she felt like a nun who has left the world and feels fold round her the familiar veils and the response to old devotions.
Rebecca Solnit, The Faraway Nearby|The moment when mortality, ephemerality, uncertainty, suffering, or the possibility of change arrives can split a life in two. Facts and ideas we might have heard a thousand times assume a vivid, urgent, felt reality. We knew them then, but they matter now. They are like guests that suddenly speak up and make demands upon us; sometimes they appear as guides, sometimes they just wreck what came before or shove us out the door. We answer them, when we answer, with how we lead our lives. Sometimes what begins as bad news prompts the true path of a life, a disruptive visitor that might be thanked only later. Most of us don’t change until we have to, and crisis is often what obliges us to do so. Crises are often resolved only through anew identity and new purpose, whether it’s that of a nation or a single human being.
Ridhdhesh Jivawala|Don't hurt other people on the name of respecting your family, they may be wrong sometimes. Learn to listen, understand & respect everyone.
NorthByNorth, Saving Elliot|Supposing I know of a flower that is absolutely unique, that is nowhere to be found except on my planet, and any minute that flower could accidentally be eaten up by a little lamb, isn't that important? If a person loves a flower that is the only one of its kind on all the millions and millions of stars, then gazing at the night sky is enough to make him happy. He says to himself "My flower is out there somewhere." But if the lamb eats the flower, then suddenly it's as if all the stars had stopped shining. Isn't that important?
Geoffrey Wood|Indeed, if their wristbands asked them the question: “What-Would-Jesus-Buy”—well now, that could very well revolutionize the Christian church in America.
Mary Rose O'Reilley, The Barn at the End of the World: The Apprenticeship of a Quaker, Buddhist Shepherd|Cultural wisdom says 'Don't quit your day job.' Yet I think these desires represent our psyche's stretch toward wholeness. And to be whole, as many religious tranditions teach, is to make manifest a unique face of God in the world. We don't want to be irresponsible, yet for every accountant who deserts his family and sails for Tahiti, ten American men have heart attacks at their desks, after hours.
Caroline Leech, Wait for Me|I am German, yes, but I am not a Nazi. There is a difference, and one day I hope you understand that.
Twinkle Khanna|Beyond self-driving cars, I think all airplanes should go pilotless. Get the pilots out of there. Even better, have no cockpit at all, and turn it into a nice lounge with a bar. Why give people the illusion of control with a steering wheel?
Franny Billingsley, Chime|I am a child of the poisonous wind that copulated with the East River on an oil-slick, garbage infested midnight. I turn about on my own parentage. I inoculate against those very biles that brought me to light. I am a serum born of venoms. I am the antibody of all Time. I am the Cure. You do of the City, do you not? Manhattan is your punisher, let me be you shield.
Immanuel Kant|The moral conscience that so many thoughtless people have offended against and many more have rejected, is something that exists and has always existed. It was not an invention of the philosophers of the Quartenary, when the soul was little more than a muddled proposition. With the passing of time, as well as then social evolution and genetic exchange, we ended up putting our conscience in the colour of blood and in the salt of tears, and, as if that were not enough, we made our eyes into a kind of mirror turned inwards, with the result that they often show without reserve what we are verbally trying to deny. Add to this general observation, the particular circumstance that in simple spirits, the remorse caused by committing some evil act often becomes confused with ancestral fears of every kind, and the result will be that the punishment of the prevaricator ends up being, without mercy or pity, twice what he deserved.
Jane Jacobs, The Death and Life of Great American Cities|As children get older, this incidental outdoor activity--say, while waiting to be called to eat--becomes less bumptious, physically and entails more loitering with others, sizing people up, flirting, talking, pushing, shoving and horseplay. Adolescents are always being criticized for this kind of loitering, but they can hardly grow up without it. The trouble comes when it is done not within society, but as a form of outlaw life.The requisite for any of these varieties of incidental play is not pretentious equipment of any sort, but rather space at an immediately convenient and interesting place. The play gets crowded out if sidewalks are too narrow relative to the total demands put on them. It is especially crowded out if the sidewalks also lack minor irregularities in building line. An immense amount of both loitering and play goes on in shallow sidewalk niches out of the line of moving pedestrian feet.
Miuccia Prada|A purpose, an intention, a design, strikes everywhere even the careless, the most stupid thinker.
Albert Einstein|Strange is our situation here on Earth. Each of us comes for a short visit, not knowing why, yet sometimes seeming to divine a purpose. From the standpoint of daily life, however, there is one thing we do know: that man is here for the sake of other men - above all for those upon whose smiles and well-being our own happiness depends.
Mary Catherine Bateson, Composing a Further Life: The Age of Active Wisdom|Sorting gets harder as time goes on--it requires a sort of ruthless decisiveness, while indecision results in endless dithering. Five moves, they say, equal a fire. But those who haven't moved may begin to need a fire. [p. 38]
Harold L. Senkbeil|I have this theory, that this will be the only city that future archaeologists find, Las Vegas. The dry climate will preserve it all and teams of scientists in the year 5000 will carefully sweep and scrape away the sand to find pyramids and castles and replicas of the Eiffel Tower and the New York skyline and stripper poles and snapper cards and these future archaeologists will re-create our entire culture based solely on this one shallow and cynical little shithole. We can complain all we want that this city doesn’t represent us. We can say, Yes, but I hated Las Vegas. Or I only went there once. Well, I’m sure not all Romans reveled in the torture-fests at the Colosseum either, but there it is.
Richelle Mead, Vampire Academy|Not into older guys, huh?" asked Adrian once we were alone."You're imagining things," I said. "Clearly, my stunning beauty has clouded your mind.
Kate Bornstein, Gender Outlaw: On Men, Women and the Rest of Us|Who are we to say getting incested or abused or violated or any of those things can’t have their positive aspects in the long run? … You have to be careful of taking a knee-jerk attitude. Having a knee-jerk attitude to anything is a mistake, especially in the case of women, where it adds up to this very limited and condescending thing of saying they’re fragile, breakable things that can be destroyed easily. Everybody gets hurt and violated and broken sometimes. Why are women so special? Not that anybody ought to be raped or abused, nobody’s saying that, but that’s what is going on. What about afterwards? All I’m saying is there are certain cases where it can enlarge you or make you more of a complete human being, like Viktor Frankl. Think about the Holocaust. Was the Holocaust a good thing? No way. Does anybody think it was good that it happened? No, of course not. But did you read Viktor Frankl? Viktor Frankl’s Man’s Search for Meaning? It’s a great, great book, but it comes out of his experience. It’s about his experience in the human dark side. Now think about it, if there was no Holocaust, there’d be no Man’s Search for Meaning… . Think about it. Think about being degraded and brought within an inch of your life, for example. No one’s gonna say the sick bastards who did it shouldn’t be put in jail, but let’s put two things into perspective here. One is, afterwards she knows something about herself that she never knew before. What she knows is that the most totally terrible terrifying thing that she could ever have imagined happening to her has now happened, and she survived. She’s still here, and now she knows something. I mean she really, really knows. Look, totally terrible things happen… . Existence in life breaks people in all kinds of awful fucking ways all the time, trust me I know. I’ve been there. And this is the big difference, you and me here, cause this isn’t about politics or feminism or whatever, for you this is just ideas, you’ve never been there. I’m not saying nothing bad has ever happened to you, you’re not bad looking, I’m sure there’s been some sort of degradation or whatever come your way in life, but I’m talking Viktor Frankl’s Man’s Search for Meaning type violation and terror and suffering here. The real dark side. I can tell from just looking at you, you never. You wouldn’t even wear what you’re wearing, trust me. What if I told you it was my own sister that was raped? What if I told you a little story about a sixteen-year-old girl who went to the wrong party with the wrong guy and four of his buddies that ended up doing to her just about everything four guys could do to you in terms of violation? But if you could ask her if she could go into her head and forget it or like erase the tape of it happening in her memory, what do you think she’d say? Are you so sure what she’d say? What if she said that even after that totally negative as what happened was, at least now she understood it was possible. People can. Can see you as a thing. That people can see you as a thing, do you know what that means? Because if you really can see someone as a thing you can do anything to him. What would it be like to be able to be like that? You see, you think you can imagine it but you can’t. But she can. And now she knows something. I mean she really, really knows. This is what you wanted to hear, you wanted to hear about four drunk guys who knee-jerk you in the balls and make you bend over that you didn’t even know, that you never saw before, that you never did anything to, that don’t even know your name, they don’t even know your name to find out you have to choose to have a fucking name, you have no fucking idea, and what if I said that happened to ME? Would that make a difference?
Katherine McIntyre, Soul Solution|Once upon a time, he might’ve chased her and tumbled her in the sheets with the promise of more in the future.
Hugh Hefner|We look at life from the back side of the tapestry. And most of the time, what we see is loose threads, tangled knots and the like. But occasionally, God's light shines through the tapestry, and we get a glimpse of the larger design with God weaving together the darks and lights of existence.
Frank Herbert, Dune Messiah|What I always hate is when people call our movement a 'revolution'. For this to be a revolution, we would have to be opposing a standing government. Look around; there is no standing government.
Zadie Smith, On Beauty|Once, when a government agent arrived at her home with a ream of paper that documented the case against her, she asked if that law was more powerful than natural law. He told her that, yes, it was a powerful law, the law of the federal government. Then, she said, it should be more powerful that this, and she threw it into her woodstove.
Taylor Stevens, The Doll|It was the American middle class. No one's house cost more than two or three year's salary, and I doubt the spread in annual wages (except for the osteopath) exceeded more than five thousand dollars. And other than the doctor (who made house calls), the store managers, the minister, the salesman, and the banker, everyone belonged to a union. That meant they worked a forty-hour week, had the entire weekend off (plus two to four weeks' paid vacation in the summer), comprehensive medical benefits, and job security. In return for all that, the country became the most productive in the world and in our little neighborhood it meant your furnace was always working, your kids could be dropped off at the neighbors without notice, you could run next door anytime to borrow a half-dozen eggs, and the doors to all the homes were never locked -- because who would need to steal anything if they already had all that they needed?
Justin Alcala|If you pray for rain long enough, it eventually does fall. If you pray for floodwaters to abate, they eventually do. The same happens in the absence of prayers.
Peter Seibel, Coders at Work|on. I’m getting cold.’ Clutching the pluckers, I call her. ‘Right,
Martin Landau|When you finish a drama, you go, 'I can't wait to do a comedy.' When you finish a comedy, you go, 'I want to do a dramedy, dark humor.'
Rachel Caine, Bite Club|Nobody's cut out for this town," Shane said. "Nobody sane anyway.""Says the kid who came back.""Yeah, kind of proves my point.
Deepak Gupta, Life Quotes: Change is Mandatory|Grow, but don't go with the flow" Flowing is too awesome, but it fluctuates your direction every time. Grow yourself to create endurance to go against the flow and create a perfect victory, which inspire the others to do the same game against the flow."Growing against the flow, is the simple way to generate your hidden endurance
Frankie Boyle, My Shit Life So Far|The Jewish people trusted themself to do nothing except that what was commanded by God; they were without will even in external things; the authority of religion extended itself even to their food. The Christian religion, on the other hand, in all external things made humankind dependent on itself, i.e. placed in it what Judaism placed out of itself. … Thus do things change. What yesterday was still religion is no longer such to-day; and what to-day is atheism, to-morrow will be religion.
Howard Zinn, A People's History of the United States|I have a map of the United States... Actual size. It says, 'Scale: 1 mile = 1 mile.' I spent last summer folding it. I hardly ever unroll it. People ask me where I live, and I say, 'E6.
Toni Morrison, Song of Solomon|There is no such thing as progress or regress. The world is not getting better and better, nor is it getting worse and worse. It is simply moving along into the future, reiterating in different configurations the patterns that have already occurred. We can’t help but play a role in this unfolding drama, but it is a mistake to think that what we do makes any difference to the grand scheme of things.
Cristina Marrero|So, let me get this straight-- You want me to stop being a lesbian and being attracted to women because it is a 'sin'? Last time I checked, when you lie you are sinning. Sure, I could tell you I am no longer a lesbian or that I am no longer attracted to women and am straight, or I could even tell you the moon is made of cheese. I could tell you many things, but the moon will still not be made of cheese, and I will still not be attracted to men. I could tell you a lie in order to placate you, but isn’t the truth supposed to set me free? I choose truth over lies any day of the week. 
Terry Pratchett, Strata|We all think we understand each other,' Kin heard Silver say. 'We eat together, we trade, many of us pride ourselves on having alien friends - but all this is only possible, only possible, Kin, because we do not fully comprehend the other. You've studied Earth history. Do you think you could understand the workings of of the mind of a Japanese warrior a thousand years ago? But he is as a twin to you compared with Marco, or with myself. When we use the word "cosmopolitan" we use it too lightly - it's flippant, it means we're galactic tourists who communicate in superficialities. We don't comprehend. Different worlds, Kin. Different anvils of gravity and radiation and evolution.
J.M. Coetzee, The Lives of Animals|There are people who have the capacity to imagine themselves as someone else, there are people who have no such capacity (when the lack is extreme, we call them psychopaths), and there are people who have the capacity but choose not to exercise it.
E. Obeng-Amoako Edmonds|When it comes to the core of who we are, it takes incredible effort to shift more than one standard deviation from the mean of your life.
Danika Stone, Intaglio: Dragons All The Way Down|Pinning her wrists on either side of her head, he growled telepathically, Open your legs.	Hunger pulsed. God, she loved it when he got growly and autocratic. Arching in a stretch that rubbed her torso against his, she put her mouth lightly against his and whispered, "Make me...
Daniel Waterman, Entheogens, Society and Law: The Politics of Consciousness, Autonomy and Responsibility|Whether Maycomb knows it or not, we're paying the highest tribute we can pay a man. We trust him to do right. It's that simple.''Who?' Aunt Alexandra never knew she was echoing her twelve-year-old nephew.'The handful of people in this town who that that fair play is not marked White Only; the handful of people who say a fair trial is for everybody, not just us; the handful of people with enough humility to think, when they look at a Negro, there but for the Lord's kindness am I.
J.C. Reed, Surrender Your Love|The way he looked at me, I felt as though he saw through my body and directly into my soul. No one had ever made me feel like that before. Then again, I had never met someone so electrically good-looking, but there's a first time for everything.
Roxane Gay, Difficult Women|The ladies in her classes loved to speak to Caridad in broken Spanish, to show her they were comfortable with her ethnicity despite the paleness of their skin and the wealth of their husbands.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|Everything has taken on a strange, distant quality - the sounds of running and shouting outside get warped and weird like they're being filtered through water, and Alex looks miles away. I start to think I might be dreaming, or about to pass
Martin Campbell|I will do everything by apply with all the legal and apply with the rule of law. And the main important thing that I have to be fairness to everyone, not just only one person.
Abhysheq Shukla, The Reflection "Success or Stress"Choose Wisely|The only principle which will make you more content, less bitter is to live a life that has "Less excuses, more results. Less distraction, more focus. Less me, more we. Live with "Gratitude" not with "Greytitude
Aleister Crowley|But it so happens that everything on this planet is, ultimately, irrational; there is not, and cannot be, any reason for the causal connexion of things, if only because our use of the word "reason" already implies the idea of causal connexion. But, even if we avoid this fundamental difficulty, Hume said that causal connexion was not merely unprovable, but unthinkable; and, in shallower waters still, one cannot assign a true reason why water should flow down hill, or sugar taste sweet in the mouth. Attempts to explain these simple matters always progress into a learned lucidity, and on further analysis retire to a remote stronghold where every thing is irrational and unthinkable.If you cut off a man's head, he dies. Why? Because it kills him. That is really the whole answer. Learned excursions into anatomy and physiology only beg the question; it does not explain why the heart is necessary to life to say that it is a vital organ. Yet that is exactly what is done, the trick that is played on every inquiring mind. Why cannot I see in the dark? Because light is necessary to sight. No confusion of that issue by talk of rods and cones, and optical centres, and foci, and lenses, and vibrations is very different to Edwin Arthwait's treatment of the long-suffering English language.Knowledge is really confined to experience. The laws of Nature are, as Kant said, the laws of our minds, and, as Huxley said, the generalization of observed facts.It is, therefore, no argument against ceremonial magic to say that it is "absurd" to try to raise a thunderstorm by beating a drum; it is not even fair to say that you have tried the experiment, found it would not work, and so perceived it to be "impossible." You might as well claim that, as you had taken paint and canvas, and not produced a Rembrandt, it was evident that the pictures attributed to his painting were really produced in quite a different way.You do not see why the skull of a parricide should help you to raise a dead man, as you do not see why the mercury in a thermometer should rise and fall, though you elaborately pretend that you do; and you could not raise a dead man by the aid of the skull of a parricide, just as you could not play the violin like Kreisler; though in the latter case you might modestly add that you thought you could learn.This is not the special pleading of a professed magician; it boils down to the advice not to judge subjects of which you are perfectly ignorant, and is to be found, stated in clearer and lovelier language, in the Essays of Thomas Henry Huxley. 
Noel Gallagher|Magic to me is you make a movie and it's all great and it clicks, and at the end of the day you feel like you're having an experience that is positive and that you're learning from.
Myles Munroe|Why don't we have more babies, Mom? Bailey has big sisters. I wish I had a big sister.“I don't know why, Fern. I tried to have more children, but sometimes we are given something so special, so wonderful, that one is enough.
Albert Einstein|How was I able to live alone before, my little everything? Without you I lack self-confidence, passion for work, and enjoyment of life--in short, without you, my life is no life.[Written to his wife, Mileva]
T. S. Joyce|I touched myself while I watched you, wishing it was me in her place. And I came…crying because it broke my heart that it wasn’t.
Mohith Agadi|Don't just listen to a good Advice, but also take it.
Anne Sexton|Those moments before a poem comes, when the heightened awareness comes over you, and you realize a poem is buried there somewhere, you prepare yourself. I run around, you know, kind of skipping around the house, marvelous elation. It’s as though I could fly.
M.C. Frank, No Plain Rebel|He’d never thought of death like that, like it’s some sort of other life that you can hope for, dream of. Escape to. That it can rescue you.
William Shakespeare, A Midsummer Night's Dream|If there were a sympathy in choice,War, death, or sickness, did lay siege to it,Making it momentary as a sound,Swift as a shadow, short as any dream,Brief as the lightning in the collied nightThat, in a spleen, unfolds both heaven and earth,And ere a man hath power to say 'Behold!'The jaws of darkness do devour it up;So quick bright things come to confusion.
Robert Frost|The Road Not TakenTwo roads diverged in a yellow wood,And sorry I could not travel both	And be one traveler, long I stood	And looked down one as far as I could	To where it bent in the undergrowth;	 Then took the other, as just as fair,	And having perhaps the better claim,	Because it was grassy and wanted wear;	Though as for that the passing there	Had worn them really about the same,	 And both that morning equally lay	In leaves no step had trodden black.	Oh, I kept the first for another day!	Yet knowing how way leads on to way,	I doubted if I should ever come back.	 I shall be telling this with a sigh	Somewhere ages and ages hence:	Two roads diverged in a wood, and I—	I took the one less traveled by,	And that has made all the difference.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|What is is plenty, but more is never enough.
Tacitus, The Annals of Imperial Rome|So obscure are the greatest events, as some take for granted any hearsay, whatever its source, others turn truth into falsehood, and both errors find encouragement with posterity.
Pierce Brosnan|I think future engineered species could be the source of food, hopefully a source of energy, environmental remediation and perhaps replacing the petrochemical industry.
Jeffrey Moussaieff Masson|Questers of the truth, that’s who dogs are; seekers after the invisible scent of another being’s authentic core.
Aishah Madadiy, Velvet di Durham|My little donkey, if I hadn't shown up, your fate would have been sealed. Love has saved you. Is there anything else that could erase the innate fears of a donkey and send him to rescue you from certain death? No. That is the only one. With a call to arms, I, Ximen Donkey, charged down the ridge and headed straight for the wolf that was tailing my beloved. My hooves kicked up sand and dust as I raced down from my commanding position; no wolf, not even a tiger, could have avoided the spearhead aimed at it. It saw me too late to move out of the way, and I thudded into it, sending it head over heels. Then I turned around and said to my donkey, "Do not fear my dear, I am here!
Phyllis Diller|What I believe about the young age of the earth comes out of taking the Bible as written. And I've said numerous times over the years that the age of the earth, for example, is not a salvation issue but an authority issue.
Scott Westerfeld, The Secret Hour|If I wouldn’t have spent so much time shooting spit wads at my English teacher, I’d know how to punctuate. Good thing I normally write poetry.
Chigozie Obioma, The Fishermen|That story, as all good stories, planted a seed in my soul and never left me.
Robert Kiyosaki|When I used to play sports, I'd be the one cheering the team on, 'Come on, we can beat these guys!' That's just in me.
Conor Oberst|Every life has a measure of sorrow, and sometimes this is what awakens us.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|It often occurs that pride and selfishness are muddled with strength and independence. They are neither equal nor similar; in fact, they are polar opposites. A coward may be so cowardly that he masks his weakness with some false personification of power. He is afraid to love and to be loved because love tends to strip bare all emotional barricades. Without love, strength and independence are prone to losing every bit of their worth; they become nothing more than a fearful, intimidated, empty tent lost somewhere in the desert of self.
Nessie Q., Snippets of Imagery|Let’s take it slow because some of the good things in life are worthy of reverence and appreciation. Let’s take it slow because what we have is like a cross-country ride, where all the breathtaking scenes must be breathed in and stared at with wonder. Let’s take it slow because getting to know you is like a trip to a museum where things, both wonderful and gruesome, are waiting to be discovered. Let’s take it slow because some things are best done at a leisurely pace — the slow dance, the first kiss, making love.
Robert Kurson|...Goddamn himself for letting his independence slip away from him. He didn't even know how it had happened, how he had lost the ability to function on his own, or what the hell he was going to do about it now.
Georgette Heyer, No Wind of Blame|Sir William was also startled, but when Vicky smiled at him, rather in the manner of an engaging street-urchin, his countenance relaxed slightly, and he asked her what she was doing with herself now that she had come home to live."Well it all depends," she replied seriously.Sir William had no daughters, but only his memories of his sisters to guide him, so he said that he had no doubt she was a great help to her mother, arranging flowers, and that kind of thing."Oh no, only if it's that sort of a day!" said Vicky.Sir William was still turning this remark over in his mind when the butler came in to announce that dinner was served.
Sunday Adelaja|Often, we only dream of something but do not fulfill our purpose and that is because we do not know how to go from dream to its fulfilment
Joyce Rachelle, Sewing Figs|But men are bound to saySome things that, though untrue,Will get you down the aisleUntil you say "I do.
Edgar Allan Poe|How had I deserved to be so blessed by such confessions? —how had I deserved to be so cursed with the removal of my beloved in the hour of her making them, But upon this subject I cannot bear to dilate.
Reynolds Price|Ours is the age of substitutes: instead of language, we have jargon: instead of principles, slogans: and, instead of genuine ideas, bright ideas.
Deepak Chopra, The Book of Secrets: Unlocking the Hidden Dimensions of Your Life|On some dimension or other, every event in life can be causing only one of two things: either it is good for you, or it is bringing up what you need to look at in order to create good for you. Evolution is win-win…life is self-correcting.
Amy Lowell|For books are more than books, they are the lifeThe very heart and core of ages past,The reason why men lived and worked and died,The essence and quintessence of their lives.
Andrew Holleran, Dancer from the Dance|We have created Black, White, Asian, and other racial Churches; but we fail to understand that there is only one Church and one Gospel.It is the Church and Gospel of Jesus Christ. John 1:12
Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction|Please, amigo. We need you, Kimosabe, O Mighty Powerful One. We need you more than the earth rises in the west."The sun rises in the east, dickhead."Only if you're standing on the earth. If you're on the moon, the earth rises in the west.
Andrew Ross Sorkin|It's the sad thing about entertainment: it's not always about who is the best. Jake The Snake had a horrible time playing politics. I never had a belt; didn't need one. They tried to put me against Hogan twice, but when the people chanted for me, when they chanted for the DDT, that was the end of that. They couldn't ruin their marketing.
Hadewijch|Some days drawing is a real struggle. Hopefully, using the exercises in this book, it will become easier and more and more relaxing. Until that happens you may have to just accept the difficulty and battle through it - that too is a useful process. Build up your determination to succeed!
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|The more open we are, the more we can learn. The more we learn, the more we recognize that every one of us is a hero
Epictetus, Discourses and Selected Writings|On the Kite, the situation was being 'workshopped'. This is the means by which people who don't know anything get together to pool their ignorance.
Stephen Jay Gould, The Mismeasure of Man|We pass through this world but once. Few tragedies can be more extensive than the stunting of life, few injustices deeper than the denial of an opportunity to strive or even to hope, by a limit imposed from without, but falsely identified as lying within.
Seanan McGuire, An Artificial Night|You'd challenge me and lose. You know it, I know it, but you'd still do it. Sometimes your sense of honor confuses the hell out of me.
Daniel Lee Edstrom|The best way to choose the wrong door, or never even open the door, is to let fear run the show. When you reflect on any big-ticket decision you have made on the basis of fear and anxiety, you can almost guarantee you made the wrong decision.
Debasish Mridha|If our purpose of life is live in peace and happiness, then why are we always preparing for war?
L.E. Modesitt Jr., Colors of Chaos|A sunshine can bring opportunities for a person's life and you should never be disappointed if it shines on you because if you disregard it, you will miss the moment of great luck.
Mary Oliver, Why I Wake Early|An Irish Airman foresees his DeathI Know that I shall meet my fate	 Somewhere among the clouds above;	 Those that I fight I do not hate	 Those that I guard I do not love, My country is Kiltartan Cross,My countrymen Kiltartan’s poor,	 No likely end could bring them loss	 Or leave them happier than before.	 Nor law, nor duty bade me fight,	 Nor public man, nor cheering crowds,	 A lonely impulse of delight	 Drove to this tumult in the clouds;	 I balanced all, brought all to mind,	 The years to come seemed waste of breath,A waste of breath the years behind	 In balance with this life, this death.
Robert J. Sawyer, WWW: Wake|Every one knew he could foretell wars and famines, though that was not so hard, for there was always a war, and generally a famine somewhere.
Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep|One day when God fell asleepAnd the Holy Ghost went off flying,He got into a box of miracles and stole three.With the first he made it so that no one would know he had run away.With the second he made himself a human boy forever.With the third he created a Christ eternally crucifiedAnd left him nailed to the cross that there is in HeavenWhere he’s used as a model for other crosses.Then he ran away to the sunAnd came down on the first ray he caught.
Matthew Heines|Mr. Morrow, IOI owns this network..." "Of course they do!" Morrow shouted gleefully. 'The own practically everything! Including you, pretty boy! I mean did they tattoo a UPC code on your ass when they hired you to sit there and spout their corporate propaganda?
Alice Jamieson, Today I'm Alice: Nine Personalities, One Tortured Mind|If I was set an essay on Friday, I’d spend three hours on Saturday morning in the library. Was that normal? I didn’t know. What I did know was that I felt less prone to depression and more normal walking through Venice or staring out over the lake in Zurich. At home I wrestled continually with my moods. The black thing inside me gnawed like a rat at my self-esteem and self-confidence. I felt there was a happy person inside me too, who wanted to enjoy life, to be normal, but my feelings of self-loathing and the deep distrust I had towards my father wouldn’t allow that sunny person to come out. When the black thing had an iron grip on me, I couldn’t even look at my father: Did you do bad things to me when I was little? Like a line from a song stuck in your brain, the words ran through my head and never once came out of my mouth. Not that I needed to say what was in my mind. I was sure Father could read my thoughts in my moods, in the blank, dead stare of my eyes. It was hardly surprising that there was always an atmosphere of strain and awkwardness in the house, and the blame was always mine: Alice and her moods, Alice and her anorexia; Alice and her low self-esteem; Alice and her inescapable feelings of loss and emptiness.
Brittany Cavallaro, A Study in Charlotte|Truth be told, I liked that blurriness. That line where reality and fiction jutted up against each other.
Mel Robbins, The 5 Second Rule: Transform Your Life, Work, and Confidence with Everyday Courage|Passion is not a thing, it's a state of mind.
|We are all temporary visitors on earth, and we owe it to ourselves to never let any negative condition distract us from the beauty of life.
Alin Sav|I am not afraid of how the LGTB community reacts on Christians, but how Christians react back.
Mary Shelly, Frankenstein|He fought to destroy those monsters, yet found they never seemed to die—rising anew every dawn.
Steve Maraboli|...she doesn't have to choose between being gentle or being fierce. Both exist in nature and both exist in her. That's ok. She'll know to nourish them both and when applicable, use each unapologetically.
Lee Davidson, Satellite|It’s like a jolt of electricity, but worse.
Andy Kaufman|Civilization is so hard on the body that some have called it a disease, despite the arts that keep puny bodies alive to a greater average age, and our greater protection from contagious and germ diseases.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Every game has rules. Obey the rules, win the game; disobey the rule, lose it! The game of life has loser and winners. Play fairly and win!
Anne-Robert-Jacques Turgot, The Turgot Collection|Morality in the general is well enough known by men, but the particular refinements of virtue are unknown by most persons; thus the majority of parents, without knowing it and without intending it, give very bad examples to their children.
Victoria Osteen|For some students, especially in the sciences, the knowledge gained in college may be directly relevant to graduate study. For almost all students, a liberal arts education works in subtle ways to create a web of knowledge that will illumine problems and enlighten judgment on innumerable occasions in later life.
Wayne W. Dyer, Your Erroneous Zones|Acceptance means no complaining, and happiness means no complaining about the things over which you can do nothing.
Alberto Moravia, Contempt|Having problems doesn't make you noble or virtuous, it makes you human. Nobility and virtue comes from the way that you handle your problems and either learn to move past them or live with them if out of your control.
Robert G. Ingersoll|No one, in the world's whole history, ever attempted to substantiate a truth by a miracle. Truth scorns the assistance of miracle. Nothing but falsehood ever attested itself by signs and wonders. No miracle ever was performed, and no sane man ever thought he had performed one, and until one is performed, there can be no evidence of the existence of any power superior to, and independent of nature.
Rachael Wade, The Gates|Samira’s guards are coming for you. You’re being summoned. Didn’t you hear the horn? Come on, they’ll be here any second looking for you.” I bit my lip to hold back a smile of my own at why we hadn’t heard the horn.“Summoning me …”“Your guess is as good as mine, now come on. Cam, for crying out loud, fix your hair.” She cocked her eyebrow and gave me the I-know-you’ve-been-messing-around look. “And you,” she shot Gavin the same look, “zip up your fly, Don Juan.” She rolled her eyes and turned for the door.
Helene Wecker, The Golem and the Jinni|The border between personal and transpersonal experience is a complex region. It is a territory often filled with spiritual and religious views. Within psychology it was a significant preoccupation of William James, Carl Jung, Abraham Maslow, and many others. But these margins may be seen in other ways as well. There is substantial evidence from psychological studies of personal space that we carry body boundaries of extended space around ourselves. These spatial extensions are not only personal. They may be felt by groups as well—in terms of shared “social” space, communal territories, or even national identities.
Joel Osteen|You and I are but specks of that rhythmic urge which is Brahma, which is Allah, which is God.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Marble Faun|Every young sculptor seems to think that he must give the world some specimen of indecorous womanhood, and call it Eve, Venus, a Nymph, or any name that may apologize for a lack of decent clothing. I am weary, even more than I am ashamed, of seeing such things. Nowadays people are as good as born in their clothes, and there is practically not a nude human being in existence. An artist, therefore, as you must candidly confess, cannot sculpture nudity with a pure heart, if only because he is compelled to steal guilty glimpses at hired models. The marble inevitably loses its chastity under such circumstances. An old Greek sculptor, no doubt, found his models in the open sunshine, and among pure and princely maidens, and thus the nude statues of antiquity are as modest as violets, and sufficiently draped in their own beauty. But as for Mr. Gibson's colored Venuses (stained, I believe, with tobacco juice), and all other nudities of to-day, I really do not understand what they have to say to this generation, and would be glad to see as many heaps of quicklime in their stead.
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|I let him run on, this papier-maché Mephistopheles, and it seemed to me that if I tried I could poke my forefinger through him, and would find nothing inside but a little loose dirt, maybe.
John Daniel Thieme, paulinskill hours and other poems|I know that in life there will be sickness, devastation, disappointments, heartache - it's a given. What's not a given is the way you choose to get through it all. If you look hard enough, you can always find the bright side.
Mensah Oteh|Gratitude is an act that has to be expressed, not an attitude.
Jemima Pett|Trying is something we do when we think we can’t do something. Even if your doing is not as perfect as you would like, decide to do it, and you will. -- Lady Nimrod of Buckmore in The Princelings and the Lost City
Anthea Syrokou, Eventually Julie|You don't need to live in a mansion to be happy. All you need is to create the right space, something that says this is who you are, and you can always change who you are, just as you change your environment.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|When another blames you or hates you, or people voice similar criticisms, go to their souls, penetrate inside and see what sort of people they are. You will realize that there is no need to be racked with anxiety that they should hold any particular opinion about you.
Andrew Shue|A mentor, a 'teacher,' is like an editor. I absolutely value my editor, who is my teacher.
Michael Palmer|I broke down while at Oxford, was rejected by a record number of medical tribunals during the War, and finally got permission to leave Oxford and do civilian work till the War ended.
Hans Adolf Krebs|Redwoods flourish in fog, but they don't like salt air. They tend to appear in valleys that are just out of sight of the sea. In their relationship with the sea, redwoods are like cats that long to be stroked but are shy to the touch.
Barbara De Angelis|We are all so much together, but we are all dying of loneliness.
Robert Louis Stevenson, Treasure Island|Three,' reckoned the captain, 'ourselves make seven, counting Hawkins, here. Now, about honest hands?'Most likely Trelawney's own men," said the doctor; 'those he had picked up for himself, before he lit on Silver.'Nay,' replied the squire. 'Hands was one of mine.'I did think I could have trusted Hands,' added the captain.
Katharine Hepburn|John Muir, the famous naturalist, wrote in his journal that you should never go to Alaska as a young man because you'll never be satisfied with any other place as long as you live. And there's a lot of truth to that.
Auliq Ice|Nothing good ever comes out of hurry and frustration, only misery.
W.H. Auden|Have you ever been lying in bed, darkness all around, when suddenly there's an odd sound? You know you weren't dreaming; you know you heard it for sure and you know it's not commonplace. You know it's an intrusive sound, a sound that doesn't belong there, and even though it makes no sense, even though it might be an intruder or God knows what, you roll over and forget it...but have you ever wondered what you'd find if you didn't?
W. Somerset Maugham, The Razor's Edge|Well, you know when people are no good at anything else they become writers.
Padre Pio|Pray, hope, and don't worry. Worry is useless. God is merciful and will hear your prayer.
Jesse Williams|I always wanted to be a teacher. I went to school to be a teacher. And I've always, you know, had this sort of romantic idea about it. But I'm worried about - I'm worried about education.
Charlotte Turner Smith, Marchmont|Turn your thoughts to novel writing—narrative, let it be about what it will, is read, because the mind quietly acquiesces, and it requires no trouble to think about it. On your part it will demand much less care in the composition. Never mind improbabilities—put together a sufficient number of facts—the more unlikely the better. If you are too idle to choose the trouble of inventing, collect eight or nine of the most popular works of that sort; take a piece of one, and a piece of another, and put them together, only a little altered, just to disguise them: never mind whether what the painters call keeping, can in this motley assemblage be attended to; nobody thinks about that: sprinkle the whole plentifully with horrors of some sort or other, to stimulate the languid attention, and you will have a certainty of a sale at least among the circulating libraries, which, after all, is the principal sale that can be expected; for who buy novels?—Who indeed buy books at all in these times?
Jorie Graham, The Dream of the Unified Field: Selected Poems, 1974-1994|There is a feeling the body gives the mindof having missed something, a bedrock poverty, like fallingwithout the sense that you are passing through one world,that you could reach anotheranytime. Instead the realis crossing you,your body an arrivalyou know is false but can't outrun. And somewhere in betweenthese geese forever entering andthese spiders turning back,this astonishing delay, the everyday, takes place.
L.L. Barkat, The Novelist|Have tea, might write,” Laura returned.
Rick Riordan, The Lost Hero|Leo. Jason said, you're wierd. Yeah, you tell me that a lot. Leo grinned. But if you don't remember me, that means I can reuse all my old jokes. Come on!
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|It's partly true, too, but it isn't all true. People always think something's all true.
Marie Brennan, The Tropic of Serpents|And I was cooking for three, and teaching, and taking care of a man who’d just collapsed in my house; learning to cook like June Cleaver didn’t exactly seem an option.
Peter Kreeft, Prayer for Beginners|Prayer is easier than we think. we want to think it is too hard or too high and holy for us, because that gives us an excuse for not doing it. This is false humility. We can all do it, even the most sinful, shallow, silly, and stupid of us.
Erich Fromm, The Art of Loving|I want a simple, ordinary life . . . like humans enjoy.
Confucius|The Master said, “A true gentleman is one who has set his heart upon the Way. A fellow who is ashamed merely of shabby clothing or modest meals is not even worth conversing with.”(Analects 4.9)
Angela Quarles, Must Love Breeches|Shona thought of another question. "What does a man expect of a woman? I would have no inkling what to do." 	Isobel waved a hand. "He will show you soon enough. Anyway, it will come to you as if 'twas something you'd always known. Accepting his kisses and kissing him back. Touching him. Men loved to be touched."	"Where?"	"Anywhere," Isobel snickered. "I remember one thing that surprised me the first time. Although I should have known considering how men are always staring down at my breasts."	Shona felt her eyes widen again, then tried to hide her shock.	"Men love to kiss and suckle nipples," Isobel whispered. 	"Heavens, you cannot be serious." Shona felt like the most naive person on earth at that moment. 	"Indeed, I am. That is why they're always gawking at women's breasts, even when they're covered my layers of clothing. They also like to fondle, squeeze, kiss and stroke them."	Shona cleared her throat. She had never imagined such a thing.
Phumi Ngwane|Almost everything I've done is technically wrong, but Paul never mentioned the mistakes, only the corrective measures.
Jenna Dewan|When consumers purchase a Toyota, they are not simply purchasing a car, truck or van. They are placing their trust in our company.
Molly Harper|A man bumps me on his busy way without so much as an apology. But that is all right. I forgive you, busy man about town with the sharp elbows. Hail and farewell to you! For I, Gemma Doyle, am to have a splendid Christmas in London town. All shall be well.God rest us merry gentlemen. And gentlewomen.
Donna MacMeans, The Education of Mrs. Brimley|Emma: You can demand that Pettibone retain my services, but you cannot make similar demands of the parents of the students. They will not entrust the education of their daughters to a woman who has removed her clothing for an artist, no matter how exalted that artist may be. Pettibone would become a school without students. No that avenue is closed to me now.Nicholas: Women disrobe for men other than their husbands every day.Emma: But they are not on exhibition in the Royal Academy.Nicholas: what of extenuating circumstances?Emma: You make no sense
Christopher Hitchens|Ultimately, culture, secular and otherwise, is a collection of survival strategies. The things that look like decoration—poetry, novels, music, dancing—if you strip away all the layers, are mechanisms for coping, surviving, understanding.
|The main outcomes of your life can only resemble your frequent thoughts, decisions and actions.
Gregory S. Close, In Siege of Daylight|Now don't let us give ourselves a parcel of airs, and pretend that the oaths we make free with in this land of liberty of ours are our own; and because we have the spirit to swear them,—imagine that we have had the wit to invent them too.
George Bernard Shaw, Heartbreak House|We do not belong to this material world that science constructs for us. We are not in it; we are outside. We are only spectators. The reason why we believe that we are in it, that we belong to the picture, is that our bodies are in the picture. Our bodies belong to it. Not only my own body, but those of my friends, also of my dog and cat and horse, and of all the other people and animals. And this is my only means of communicating with them.
Mike Donehey, We Are Cathedrals|When we ask God to draw near, what we're really asking is for Him to make us aware of Him.
Mark Speed, Doctor How and the Illegal Aliens|And for those of us from communities with historic collective trauma, we must understand that each of us is already science fiction walking around on two legs. Our ancestors dreamed us up and then bent reality to create us.
Arthur Phillips, Prague|So why did poor artists originally hang around in cafes?""I don't know. Inspiration from the atmosphere.""Ha! No, you've been tricked, too, just like the rest of us. Cafes didn't have inspirational atmosphere at first. That only came later, when you knew artists had been hanging around in them.
Eric Ries|Every individual suffers from the fear of failure, but you can change your destiny only when you overcome it.
Erica Ridley, The Brigadier's Runaway Bride|He tasted like Edmund, smelled like Edmund, felt like second chances. He kissed her as if she were as indispensable as air. As though his every heartbeat belonged as much to her as it did to him.
Selena Brooks|This is new. Old Quinn would not have worn a skirt on her first day of sophomore year. Old Quinn would have worn a pair of jeans (hole in the knee? even better) and a t-shirt advertising the Providence Prep volleyball team, or some other sports team I didn’t play for.
Dan Lipinski|America's future will be determined by the home and the school. The child becomes largely what he is taught; hence we must watch what we teach, and how we live.
Laura Wiess, Leftovers|It's just that instead of erupting and annihilating our tormentors, we destroy ourselves instead.
Christopher  Nolan|Memory can change the shape of a room; it can change the color of a car. And memories can be distorted. They're just an interpretation, they're not a record, and they're irrelevant if you have the facts. (Leonard Shelby, Memento)
Chip Kidd, The Learners|I do believe most curators - maybe I'm only speaking for myself here - want to be artists on some level. Curators must have an innate interest in what an artist makes. And they certainly have their opinions and criticisms, and the always ask, "How would I have made this, or how would another artist make this?
RVM|To be Happier, Healthier, and Wealthier choose a Positive Mental Attitude. React and respond Positively. That’s the biggest wealth of life.
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy the magnificence of life, drink every drop of life and get drunk.
Yoko Ono|I was a bookworm who aced every test - until third grade, when my teacher handed out a pop quiz about Jesus and the Apostles.
Abigail Tarttelin, Flick|You really need stitches," she tells me."Or you're going to have a scar." I try not to laugh. Stitches aren't going to help. They fix skin, cuts, wounds, heal stuff on the outside. Everything broken with me is on the inside. "I can handle scars, especially one's on the outside.
Larry Harvey|There are even more statues of Robert Burns than of any other figure in world literature. Indeed if we discount figures of religion, then only Christopher Columbus has more statues than he worldwide.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|See, as much as you want to hold on to the bitter sore memory that someone has left this world, you are still in it
Pippa DaCosta, Girl From Above: Trapped|Waldo, I say-that is-aren't you tired, my boy?" Professor Buckley, suppressing a yawn, was unaccustomed to others matching his wakefulness wink for wink, as it were, and seemed jealous of the competition Waldo presented in that regard. 	"Who can sleep?" Waldo replied. "We're on another of these crazy roads, we can't find the interstate...."	"Yes, I suppose you're right." The Professor interrupted, taking off his thick spectacles and polishing them on his bright tie. "I, on the other hand, never sleep, as I'm sure you're aware." 	Waldo smiled. The Professor had little in life to be vain about, and he wasn't going to stop him from expressing a little pride now and then.
Harrish Sairaman|When you see Happiness as a far sighted vision or goal, you miss the happiness within!
Jane Fonda|I'm a really, really optimistic and really, really positive person. My main thing is, 'Enjoy life. Celebrate life.'
Joseph Roth, The Tale of the 1002nd Night|Noi siam venuti al loco ov'i' t'ho dettoche tu vedrai le genti dolorosec'hanno perduto il ben de l'intelletto.We to the place have come, where I have told theeThou shalt behold the people dolorousWho have foregone the good of intellect.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Good… Bad? I’m not here to judge where you’re at or where you’ve been. I’m simply here to encourage you in where you would like to go. You have the map; I’ll shine the light on it so you can better read it. And eventually, the sun will rise again in your life and you’ll no longer need my light to assist you.
Judith McNaught, Tender Triumph|Now they are empty, Ramon replied with a shrug of broad, muscled shoulders on his six-foot-three-inch frame....For the first time, a glint of humor touched Ramon Galverra's finely sculpted mouth and arrogant dark eyes.
Paxton Hood|Be as careful of the books you read, as of the company you keep; for your habits and character will be as much influenced by the former as the latter.
Neetesh Dixit|Life is way too short to get lost, so follow the script the way it comes and keep changing the checkpoints on every page.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|Whereas goodness makes greatness teachable, greatness makes goodness touchable.
Tara Brach, True Refuge: Finding Peace and Freedom in Your Own Awakened Heart|You have a unique body and mind, with a particular history and conditioning. No one can offer you a formula for navigating all situations and all states of mind. Only by listening inwardly in a fresh and open way will you discern at any given time what most serves your healing and freedom.
Mildred D. Taylor, Roll of Thunder, Hear My Cry|As soon as we were outside, I whipped my hand from his. 'What's the matter with you? You know he was wrong.' Stacey swallowed to flush his anger, then said gruffly, "I know it, and you know it, but he don't know it, and that's where the trouble is. Now come on before you get us into a real mess.
Jay Woodman|Don't be afraid to show you soul, we need plenty of soul to show in this world.
George Eliot|When a man is happy enough to win the affections of a sweet girl, who can soothe his cares with crochet, and respond to all his most cherished ideas with beaded urn-rugs and chair-covers in German wool, he has, at least, a guarantee of domestic comfort, whatever trials may await him out of doors. What a resource it is under fatigue and irritation to have your drawing-room well supplied with small mats, which would always be ready if you ever wanted to set anything on them ! And what styptic for a bleeding heart can equal copious squares of crochet, which are useful for slipping down the moment you touch them ? How our fathers managed without crochet is the wonder; but I believe some small and feeble substitute existed in their time under the name of 'tatting'.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|Then the nurse did turn to glance, and then stare—actually stare—at me. His look made me feel as if I was green, or whistling, or dead.
Yuval Noah Harari, Sapiens: A Brief History of Humankind|Occult Theft,--Theft which hides itself even from itself, and is legal, respectable, and cowardly,--corrupts the body and soul of man, to the last fibre of them. And the guilty Thieves of Europe, the real sources of all deadly war in it, are the Capitalists
Tod Goldberg, The Reformed|The room fell silent. I frankly didn't know what I was going to do to help Eduardo, but I had the sense that he was right- no one else could help him, and without help, all that he'd done would crumble.Plus, I like being called his only hope. I felt like Obi-Wan Kenobi.
Lauren DeStefano, Wither|I have always been fascinated by the ocean, to dip a limb beneath its surface and know that I'm touching eternity, that it goes on forever until it begins here again.
Jodi Picoult, Sing You Home|Someone real," I hear myself saying. "Someone who never has to pretend, and who I never have to pretend around. Someone who's smart, but knows how to laugh at himself. Someone who would listen to a symphony and start to cry, because he understands music can be too big for words. Someone who knows me better than I know myself. Someone I want to talk to first thing in the morning and last thing at night. Someone I feel like I've known my whole life, even if I haven't.
Dada Bhagwan|To constantly see one’s own self as ‘Pure’, and to see other’s self as ‘pure’, is focused applied awareness of the Self, the Soul (shuddha upayog).
Jason Mraz|In Hollywood, there is one dominant voice. It is a white, male, straight gaze. When I talk about positive portrayals of black people and women, I'm saying complexity. I'm not saying goody-two-shoes, everything's okay. No. The positive view of me is to see me as I am: the 'good,' the 'bad,' the gray. That is a positive portrayal.
David Rakoff, Don't Get Too Comfortable: The Indignities of Coach Class, The Torments of Low Thread Count, The Never-Ending Quest for Artisanal Olive Oil, and Other First World Problems|If Laura was so prolific with poems, and in truth she was, then what was the problem with Megan’s request? Couldn’t Laura, with a little doing, keep stringing together line after line of words and construct, in time, a novel? It seemed logical, but there was the matter of finding an idea and sustaining it. Only fire could do that. The fire of rebellion.Mario Vargas Llosa had not used the term “fire” exactly, but rather had discussed the presence of “seditious roots” that could “dynamite the world” the writer inhabited. He claimed that writing stories was an exercise in freedom and quarreling—out-and-out rebellion, whether or not the writer was conscious of it. And this rebellion, Vargas Llosa reminded his readers, was why the Spanish Inquisition had strictly censored works of fiction, prohibiting them for three hundred years in the American colonies.
Angelina Jolie|I think I will be able to, in the end, rise above the clouds and climb the stairs to Heaven, and I will look down on my beautiful life.
Alexandre Dumas, The Three Musketeers|Nothing makes time pass or shortens the way like a thought that absorbs in itself all the faculties of the one who is thinking. External existence is then like a sleep of which this thought is the dream. Under its influence, time has no more measure, space has no more distance.
Susan C. Young|In the overwhelming demands of daily life, you get bombarded with continuous distractions, expectations and responsibilities. Is it no wonder that you may lose touch with simple pleasures and life lessons which you once knew, but have since forgotten? What do you need to be reminded of to live your life with purpose and passion?
Anna C. Salter, Predators: Pedophiles, Rapists, And Other Sex Offenders|Once, in a three-day taping that included several sadists, the material was so overwhelming that both the film crew and I got sick - I with a sinus infection, and the entire film crew with a flu so severe they had to delay their departure from the motel. Our immune systems had weakened, I believe, from the beating out souls had taken.
Matthew Haldeman-Time, Off the Record|Magda was reading a book by a Trappist, in a better mood, and I was sitting on the edge of the bed, fingering my useless map.
Noam Chomsky|If a strong government finds that it can, with impunity, destroy a weak people, then the hour has struck for that weak people to appeal to the League of Nations to give its judgment in all freedom. God and history will remember your judgment.
Robert Jordan, The Fires of Heaven|In Shinear, a woman [is] safe anywhere, any time-except from Trollocs and Myrddraal, of course-and any man [will] die to see it so.
Dylan Thomas|This poem has been called obscure. I refuse to believe that it is obscurer than pity, violence, or suffering. But being a poem, not a lifetime, it is more compressed.
Raheel Farooq|The greatest tragedy with a sceptic is that he cannot consign himself to truth, however he may see it.
Isabel Wolff, Ghostwritten|There are things, also, that are memories as essential and structural as bones in toes and fingers.
Amber Tamblyn|In the 1970s, British food was beginning to get good, whereas in France it was just starting its long, sad decline. My most memorable meals, however, have been in Italy.
Bill Courtney, Against the Grain: A Coach's Wisdom on Character, Faith, Family, and Love|The true measure of a person’s character is how one handles one’s failures, not successes.
Kelley Armstrong, The Rising|How did you know? That she wasn't the one for him?" Now he's staring at his hands, slowing rubbing them together. "They just didn't have that . . . natural magic. You know? It never seemed easy." My voice grows tiny. "Do you think things have to be easy? For it to work?" Cricket's head shoots up, his eyes bulging as they grasp my meaning. "NO. I mean, yes, but . . . sometimes there are ... extenuating circumstances. That prevent it from being easy. For a while. But then people overcome those ...circumstances . . . and . . .""So you believe in second chances?" I bite my lip. "Second, third, fourth. Whatever it takes. However long it takes. If the person is right," he adds.If the person is . . . Lola?"This time, he holds my gaze. "Only if the other person is Cricket."Chapter 27Pg 273
Samuel Beckett, Molloy|A mug's game in my opinion and tiring on top of that, in the long run. But I lent myself to it with a good enough grace, knowing it was love, for she had told me so.
Mariella Frostrup|Romantic poetry had its heyday when people like Lord Byron were kicking it large. But you try and make a living as a poet today, and you'll find it's very different!
Pope Francis|Natural marriage, therefore, is fully understood in the light of its fulfilment in the sacrament of Matrimony: only in contemplating Christ does a person come to know the deepest truth about human relationships.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Wings and Ruin|You're my equal. And as much as that means we have each other's backs in public, it also means we that grant each other the gift of honesty - of truth.
Liane Holliday Willey, Pretending to be Normal: Living with Asperger's Syndrome (Autism Spectrum Disorder) Expanded Edition|If I could, I would ask the world to make me skates so that I could find its frozen water and set myself free to smile, laugh, dance and cheer.I'd see the boundaries that would be in a world frozen in its place and they would keep me safe, away from where the waters warm, away from the stares, away from the thoughts that melt and tear.I would ask the world to skate with me, looking at the gladness I had found, knowing, really knowing, there was nothing left to fear.I think then we would be free to live life as we could, with more in common than apart, the fog would lift, the confusion would end and true understanding would hold us dear.
Hayley Atwell|Guys usually like my sense of humor, and I am pretty down to earth. And I'm a driven person.
Jim Morrison|Actually I don't remember being born, it must have happened during one of my black outs.
Walter Mosley, Known to Evil|In America, Fredericka, they don't really have trains for people. The trains here are used mainly to transport pigs, television sets, and fruit.
Astrid Lee Miles, Recovering is an Art|Listen! This is where it began but I keep getting muddled... The fact of the matter is that I now want to recall everything, every trifle, every little detail. I still want to collect my thoughts and - I can't, and now there are these little details, these little details...
Max Zeller|Relate to a life situation in the deepest sense: not from the standpoint of the ego that bemoans its fate and rebels against it, but from... the greater inner law that has left behind its small birth, the narrow realm of personal outlook, for the sake of renewal and rebirth.
William Zinsser, On Writing Well: The Classic Guide to Writing Nonfiction|Good writing is good writing, whatever form it takes and whatever we call it.
Barack Obama|So while I will never minimize the costs involved in military action, I am convinced that a failure to act in Libya would have carried a far greater price for America.
L.L. Barkat, The Novelist|I live within my daydreams and nightmares; through that, I have learned to create, and I never cease from doing so.
Auliq Ice|Injustice is a rule of the service, as you know very well; and since you have to have a good deal of undeserved abuse, you might just as well have it from your friends.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|All of your precious resources - time, energy, talent, passion, and money - should only go to the areas of your life or your business that are best, are fixable, and are indespensable. Otherwise, average sets in and [your life] does not become what it was designed to be.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery|We have arrived at that point of time in which we are forced to see our own humiliation, as a nation, and that a progression in this line cannot be a productive of happiness, private or public.
Pablo Neruda|Don't go far off, not even for a day,because I don't know how to say it - a day is longand I will be waiting for you, as inan empty station when the trains areparked off somewhere else, asleep.Don't leave me, even for an hour, because thenthe little drops of anguish will all run together,the smoke that roams looking for a home will driftinto me, choking my lost heart.Oh, may your silhouette never dissolveon the beach, may your eyelids never flutterinto the empty distance. Don't LEAVE me fora second, my dearest, because in that moment you'llhave gone so far I'll wander mazilyover all the earth, asking, will youcome back? Will you leave me here, dying?
K. Hari Kumar, That Frequent Visitor|Such is the great nature of man, it resides the true face beneath a glittering masquerade.
Ikechukwu Izuakor|When you are not afraid to fail, you will always win.
Theodore Roosevelt|Just remember, once you're over the hill you begin to pick up speed.
John Piper, Don't Waste Your Life|It was becoming clearer and clearer that if I wanted to come to the end of my life and not say, “I’ve wasted it!” then I would need to press all the way in, and all the way up, to the ultimate purpose of God and join him in it. If my life was to have a single, all-satisfying, unifying passion, it would have to be God’s passion.
Lisa Glatt, A Girl Becomes a Comma Like That: A Novel|I like the word 'fuck'. The word means what it means, but it also means whatever you need it to mean.
John  Adams, The Letters of John and Abigail Adams|...Turn our thoughts, in the next place, to the characters of learned men. The priesthood have, in all ancient nations, nearly monopolized learning. Read over again all the accounts we have of Hindoos, Chaldeans, Persians, Greeks, Romans, Celts, Teutons, we shall find that priests had all the knowledge, and really governed all mankind. Examine Mahometanism, trace Christianity from its first promulgation; knowledge has been almost exclusively confined to the clergy. And, even since the Reformation, when or where has existed a Protestant or dissenting sect who would tolerate a free inquiry? The blackest billingsgate, the most ungentlemanly insolence, the most yahooish brutality is patiently endured, countenanced, propagated, and applauded. But touch a solemn truth in collision with a dogma of a sect, though capable of the clearest proof, and you will soon find you have disturbed a nest, and the hornets will swarm about your legs and hands, and fly into your face and eyes.]
Sanjeev Himachali|A LIE is BEAUTIFUL, melodious, STYLISH, and attractive. On the contrary, TRUTH is UGLY, rude, DULL and repulsive. That's why often people get attracted towards LIES. They embrace it and live with. The truth is usually ignored and disowned.
Norman Foster|Everything we do is designed, whether we're producing a magazine, a website, or a bridge. Design is really the creative invention that designs everything.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|The quality of people's lives is in direct proportion to their commitment to excellence, regardless of their chosen field of endeavour.
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy the song of love and beauty, just get lost in the wonders of nature.
Khang Kijarro Nguyen|There’s no such thing as perfection, and even if there were, I think it’d be rather boring.
Robert Harris|A ghost who has only a lay knowledge of the subject will be able to keep asking the same questions as the lay reader, and will therefore open up the potential readership of the book to a much wider audience.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|Percy scowled. "I-I know you."Nico raised his eyebrows. "Do you?
David Perlmutter|Fat is your friend. The brain thrives on a fat-rich, low-carbohydrate diet.
Steven Howard, The Best of the Monday Morning Marketing Memo|On the corporate side, the upshot of our data (the benefit to us) isn't all that interesting unless you're an economist. In theory, your data means ads are better targeted, which means less marketing spend is wasted, which means lower prices. At the very least, the data they sell means you get to use genuinely useful services like Facebook and Google without paying money for them.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|Now we come to forgiveness. Don't worry about forgiving me right now. There are more important things. For instance: keep the others safe, if they are safe. Don't let them suffer too much. If they have to die, let it be fast. You might even provide a Heaven for them. We need You for that. Hell we can make for ourselves.
Chandler Riggs|In the Top 40, half the songs are secret messages to the teen world to drop out, turn on, and groove with the chemicals and light shows at discotheques.
Francesco Marciuliano|Alice: I didn't know that cheshire cats grinned. In fact, I didn't know that cats could grin.Duchess: They can, and most of 'em do.
St. Jerome|Fishes live in the sea, as men do on land: the great ones eat up the little ones.
Erik Pevernagie|When living is too sweet and swanky, it may be very hard to appreciate the simplest things in life. (“Is that all there is?”)
Jasinda Wilder, Falling into You|He says, "But it is really whatever, you know? You've saved me way more times. And we call ourselves friends."It doesn't matter what we call ourselves, really. "You already saved me," I say."That was nothing.""I'm not talking about the cave."He wrinkles his nose."That first day," I say, "When you got up on the rocks to flirt with a human boy."He smiles big, with all his ground-down teeth shining.
Ron Suskind, Confidence Men: Wall Street, Washington, and the Education of a President|The whole game was about confidence, as it always was. Everything was fine—until it wasn't.
Stanley Kujokera|Success is not an event, it is the by product of the activities that transpired before engagement....
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|I can say opportunity is the time, if you have it, you can get anything
Robert Kennedy|Success is a wonderful thing, but it tends not to be the sort of experience that we learn from. We enjoy it; perhaps we even deserve it. But we don't acquire wisdom from it.
Alfred W. Crosby, Ecological Imperialism: The Biological Expansion of Europe, 900-1900|European emigrants and their descendants are all over the place, which requires explanation.
Spencer W. Kimball|Oh, brothers and sisters, families can be forever! Do not let the lures [or the irritants] of the moment draw you away from them! Divinity, eternity, and family--they go together, hand in hand, and so must we!
S.K. Kalsi, The Stove-Junker|The evening's light, silvery, casts its dull brightness onto the trees--trees gelid in this blue light of winter. But whiteness dominates with the pines and evergreens steeped in vibrant grades of silver. I hear notes in the mist, like silvery chattering, coins in a pocket, the jangle of keys. Pg 217
Alexandra Kleeman, Intimations: Stories|I was so tired. I just wanted to curl up with someone, anyone, even him, and sleep until work on Monday. I wanted to feel someone’s, anyone’s, hands on me, even if it was in that way I hate, the fingers all over my face and jaw.
Grace Burrowes, The Captive|Simm watched the hanging with disgust. Why would the young man pretend to be a spy when he had no skills and no natural ability? As far as he could tell there had been no secret inks, no codes, and little effort to keep his movements secret. Maybe the world was better off without such fools; fledglings who fell out of the sky only to die on the ground.
bell hooks|To be changed by ideas was pure pleasure. But to learn ideas that ran counter to values and beliefs learned at home was to place oneself at risk, to enter the danger zone. Home was the place where I was forced to conform to someone else’s image of who and what I should be. School was the place where I could forget that self and, through ideas, reinvent myself.
Richelle Mead, Gameboard of the Gods|It's just sexual tension. Hardcore, animalistic, lick his body all over, sexual tension. - Norah
C.S. Lewis, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader|Empirical proof doesn't drive progress. Progress is driven by curiosity, something we all have built into us. Empirical proof is a safety net for those uncomfortable with the unknown.
A.M. Willard, Fading Memories|And to my soul mate,” he raises his glass, “who has been with me all along, but is absent from my side.
Daniel Delgado F|Freedom is an absolute state, there is no such thing as being half-free.
Sara Sheridan|On Twitter, people who had read my book followed me and I could see what else they were reading, why they'd liked what I'd written and by the by, more about them than I'd ever elicit from two minutes in a tent at a book festival, stuck behind a signing desk.
Neil A. Hogan|Just because 2 billion people believe it, doesn't mean it's true.
Ed Gillespie|In 2006 it was a horrible election year, and, you know, I lost. But I lost because I continued to be a constant conservative, and the last six years I was someone who was a national figure in the sense that I was the third ranking Republican in leadership and I had just run President Bush's campaign in Pennsylvania.
Sam Houston|If you're going to have a bad attitude, you may as well not even tee it up that week because you probably won't play good anyways.
James Wright|NowNow is the time…Now is the time – Make a changeNow is the time – All is strangeNow is the time – Start life anewNow is the time – Cannot stewHeartbreak, loss, pain, and challenges paleNow is the time – Sharp as a nailNow is the time – Take a chanceNow is the time – Sing and danceNow is the time – Make a changeNow is the time – engageNow is the time…
Washington Irving|Christmas Eve was a night of song that wrapped itself about you like a shawl. But it warmed more than your body. It warmed your heart...filled it, too, with melody that would last forever.
Jonah Lehrer, Imagine: How Creativity Works|And so we keep on thinking, because the next thought might be the answer.
Christopher Columbus|I've had my heart broken, and it's the hardest thing. Everyone says, 'Give it time, you'll feel better in the morning.' But you don't. You feel like it's never, ever going to heal - especially during the first few weeks.
Jeniffer Niven|Take over the school, take over the town, take over the world. It will be a world of compassion, of neighbor loving neighbor, of student loving student or at least treating one another with respect. No judgments. No name-calling. No more, no more, no more.
Michael Dirda, Browsings: A Year of Reading, Collecting and Living with Books|Despite the rising popularity of the downloadable e-text, I still care about physical books, gravitate to handsome editions and pretty dust jackets, and enjoy seeing rows of hardcovers on my shelves. Many people simply read fiction for pleasure and nonfiction for information. I often do myself. But I also think of some books as my friends and I like to have them around. They brighten my life.
Ben Tousey, God's Madmen|When an Angel whispers in your ear, it is your heart that hears thy message.
Alison Miller, Healing the Unimaginable: Treating Ritual Abuse and Mind Control|He hadn't "abused" alcohol, but had spent almost four years sitting in a chair drinking jug wine around the clock and looking, variously, at the wall, the window blind, and the TV screen.
Courtney A. Walsh|Dear Human:You've got it all wrong.You didn't come here to master unconditional love. This is where you came from and where you'll return.You came here to learn personal love.Universal love.Messy love.Sweaty Love.Crazy love.Broken love.Whole love.Infused with divinity.Lived through the grace of stumbling.Demonstrated through the beauty of... messing up.Often.You didn't come here to be perfect, you already are.You came here to be gorgeously human. Flawed and fabulous.And rising again into remembering.But unconditional love? Stop telling that story.Love in truth doesn't need any adjectives.It doesn't require modifiers.It doesn't require the condition of perfection.It only asks you to show up.And do your best.That you stay present and feel fully.That you shine and fly and laugh and cry and hurt and heal and fall and get back up and play and work and live and die as YOU.Its enough.It's Plenty.
Paul Copan, True for You, But Not for Me: Deflating the Slogans that Leave Christians Speechless|Let’s talk about ‘Coexist’ bumper stickers for a second. You’ve definitely seen them around. They’re those blue strips with white lettering that assemble a collection of religious icons and mystical symbols (e.g., an Islamic crescent, a Star of David, a Christian cross, a peace sign, a yin-yang) to spell out a simple message of inclusion and tolerance. Perhaps you instinctively roll your eyes at these advertisements of moral correctness. Perhaps you find the sentiment worthwhile, but you’re not a wear-your-politics-on-your-fender type of person. Or perhaps you actually have ‘Coexist’ bumper stickers affixed to both your Prius and your Beamer. Whatever floats your boat, man; far be it from us to cast stones. But we bring up these particular morality minibillboards to illustrate a bothersome dichotomy. If we were to draw a Venn diagram of (a) the people who flaunt their socially responsible “coexist” values for fellow motorists, and (b) the people who believe that, say, an evangelical Christian who owns a local flower shop ought to be sued and shamed for politely declining to provide floral arrangements for a same-sex wedding, the resulting circles would more or less overlap.The coexist message: You people (i.e., conservatives) need to get on board and start coexisting with groups that might make you uncomfortable. It says so right here on my highly enlightened bumper sticker. But don’t you dare ask me to tolerate the ‘intolerance’ of people with whom I disagree. Because that’s different.
Mehmet Murat ildan|I love stories with a happy ending,” Inspector Me said.
Marisa de los Santos, Belong to Me|Guys don't understand great art. They don't care that sometimes the camera has power beyond the photographer to record emotion that only the heart can see. They're threatened when the camera jumps ahead of me. Todd Kovich was pissed when I brought my Nikon to the prom, but I'd missed too many transcendent shots over the years to ever take a chance of missing one again. A prom, I told him, had a boundless supply of photogenic bozos who could be counted on to do something base.
David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest|Something they seem to omit to mention in Boston AA when you're new and out of your skull with desperation and ready to eliminate your map and they tell you how it'll all get better and better as you abstain and recover: they somehow omit to mention that the way it gets better and you get better is through pain. Not around pain, or in spite of it.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Unusual things, they quickly grab my attention. Messy hair and rainy days are my kinds of perfection, but I mostly love when you kiss me hard and take me beyond this realm to that holy place I only find with you.
Melissa Leo|I watch so much TV, it's sad. I watch 'Happy Endings', '30 Rock', 'Parks and Rec', 'The Office', 'Eagleheart', 'Children's Hospital'. 'Modern Family' I guess I'm still kinda watching.
Cecil B. DeMille|Laws are partly formed for the sake of good men, in order to instruct them how they may live on friendly terms with one another, and partly for the sake of those who refuse to be instructed, whose spirit cannot be subdued, or softened, or hindered from plunging into evil.
A.S. Peterson, Fiddler's Green|She chased the song like a hound fast upon a scent. She pursued it through a forest primeval: a dark land planted with musical staves and rests and grown thick with briars of annotation. On she went and on still until she caught sight of the song ahead of her, fleeting and sly. “I see it,” she said aloud, though she didn’t mean to.
Simon Cowell|The first programming assignment I had in high school was to find the first 100 Fibonacci numbers. Instead, I thought it would be cooler to write a program to get the teacher's password and all the other students' passwords. And the teacher gave me an A and told the class how smart I was.
Samuel Morse, Samuel F. B. Morse His Letters and Journals Volume 1|If I could talk about it, I would not have to do it. I make art.
Mad Max Fury Road|Wise men verifies the truth of what they heard, foolish men makes conclusion based on what they heard”.
Les Brown|The things you want are always possible; it is just that the way to get them is not always apparent. The only real obstacle in your path to a fulfilling life is you, and that can be a considerable obstacle because you carry the baggage of insecurities and past experience.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|And that's what innocence is. It's simple and trusting like a child, not judgmental and committed to one narrow point of view. If you are locked into a pattern of thinking and responding, your creativity gets blocked. You miss the freshness and magic of the moment. Learn to be innocent again, and that freshness never fades.
Barbara Lieberman, To Miss The Stars|Then there are the optimists. The story continues, but it stays the same. The princess lives happily ever after with her prince, probably pops out a few kids and carries on the bloodline. Marriages survive, families continue, and good prevails over evil. These are the people who cannot bear deviations from the rule. Everything fits into neat little boxes. When bad things happen, they ignore it, or use some quote about everything happening for a reason, or what doesn't kill us make us stronger. They carry on without even talking about their bad experiences, pretending everything is all right.
Kenneth Clark, Civilisation|I believe order is better than chaos, creation better than destruction. I prefer gentleness to violence, forgiveness to vendetta. On the whole I think that knowledge is preferable to ignorance, and I am sure that human sympathy is more valuable than ideology. I believe that in spite of the recent triumphs of science, men haven't changed much in the last two thousand years; and in consequence we must try to learn from history.
Emma Paul|The most intriguing part about felony is that, in the end, no matter what, it falls right back on you. You cannot elude it. You cannot dupe it.
Vanessa Runs, The Summit Seeker|The sunrise was the most amazing part of the day. The quiet of the block seemed even more silent when I watched the light make its way effortlessly into the world. Its serenity bathed itself in the rose colored light above bleeding into the sky. The road was vulnerable. The pink and the orange seeped onto the street and lit up my path, just for me. I saw it in front of my feet and it pulled me forward, my footsteps hitting the gravel. I wanted to run into it, to dive feet first and plunge into the harmony of my safe haven. It serenaded me into a calm sense of security. A calm idea that everything was just the way it was supposed to, and everything else, would always get better. Siempre mejorando.
Abha Maryada Banerjee, Nucleus: Power Women: Lead from the Core|Comparison kills...There will always be someone ahead of you and someone behind you in life...When you see someone behind you...feel blessed for you are ahead of them...When you see someone ahead of you...feel inspired for your own growth...Compare yourself to YOU of yesterday, if that's what you like to do...so you can become better today !
Meia Geddes, The Little Queen|The armchairs, with their flat, sedentary cushions, were designed for society, but the bed was made for solitude. It had a straitened and measured narrowness, an austere frame made to contain the curves of a single body, to circumscribe it, carry it, give it a place, and when I slept at night, I possessed it entirely.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|During the next week, everyone noticed that my appetite had improved, even Toddy. “Are you done with your hunger strike?” he asked me curiously, one morning. “Toddy, eat your breakfast.” “But I thought that was what it was called. When people don’t eat.” “No, a hunger strike is for people in prison,” Kitsey said coolly. “Kitten,” said Mr. Barbour, in a warning tone. “Yes, but he ate three waffles yesterday,” said Toddy, looking eagerly between his uninterested parents in an attempt to engage them. “I only ate two waffles. And this morning he ate a bowl of cereal and six pieces of bacon, but you said five pieces of bacon was too much for me. Why can’t I have five pieces, too?
Connie R. Clay|Opposites attract in physics. In life, like attracts like. Kindness attracts kindness. Greed attracts greed. Love attracts love. If you don't like what you're attracting, change who you are.
Maya Angelou|The mark of the immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause, while the mark of the mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one.
Leigh Bardugo, Shadow and Bone|The moment our lips met, I knew with pure and piercing certainty that I would have waited for him forever.
Thomas Frank, Listen, Liberal: Or, What Ever Happened to the Party of the People|To the liberal class, every big economic problem is really an education problem, a failure by the losers to learn the right skills and get the credentials everyone knows you’ll need in the society of the future.
Suzanne Woods Fisher, The Letters|What are summer teeth? Summer in their mouth, Some are elsewhere.
Martine Leavitt, Keturah and Lord Death|How thin the air felt at the forest's edge, how ghostly the trees that guarded their realm.... The whole world seemed as delicate as a dandelion seed, and as fleeting.... How sad to know that the figment village of my imagination would not vanish when I ended, to understand that it was not I who had invented the moon the first time I realized how lovely it was. To admit that it was not my breath that made the winds blow.... [M]y heart, my heart knew that when I closed my eyes I invented the night sky and the stars too. Wasn't the whole dome of the sky the same shape as the inside of my skull? Didn't I create the sun and the day when I raised my eyelids every morning?
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I believe we should pray that God will take possession of our lives totally and completely. We should pray that we will be emptied of self— self-love, self-will, self-ambition—and be placed completely at His disposal.
Herbert Mason, The Epic of Gilgamesh|But while the thought of being dead seemed appealing, the actual act of dying did not.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|You Englishmen,’ said Herr Wurter. ‘You are all the same. Wherever you are you behave as if you were at home and your word was law.
Annie Dillard, The Living|She read books as one would breathe air, to fill up and live. She read books as one would breathe ether, to sink in and die.
Ryan Gosling|Henceforth the leaves of the tree of knowledge were for women, and for the healing of the nations.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|You are the guardian and custodian of your heart, remember this always!
Robin Morgan, Going Too Far: The Personal Chronicle of a Feminist|Pornography is the theory, and rape is the practice.
Warsan Shire, Teaching My Mother How to Give Birth|You are her mother.Why did you not warn her,hold her like a rotting boatand tell her that men will not love herif she is covered in continents,if her teeth are small colonies,if her stomach is an islandif her thighs are borders?What man wants to lie downand watch the world burnin his bedroom?Your daughter ’s face is a small riot,her hands are a civil war,a refugee camp behind each ear,a body littered with ugly things.But God,doesn’t she wearthe world well?
Alejandra Díaz Mattoni, The Wet Woman|Experience tells me habits are stronger than love, fear, and necessity. 
Shannon L. Alder|We enter solitude, in which also we lose loneliness…True solitude is found in the wild places, where one is without human obligation.One’s inner voices become audible. One feels the attraction of one’s most intimate sources.In consequence, one responds more clearly to other lives. The more coherent one becomes within oneself as a creature, the more fully one enters into the communion of all creatures.
Scott Adams|The first time you see something that you have never seen before, you almost always know right away if you should eat it or run away from it.
Beck Sherman, Revamp|Would you agree," he said, "that man's sole duty is to produce as much pleasure as possible?""Only if the pleasure produced is equivalent to the diminution of pain." My father crossed his arms. "And only if one man's pleasure is as important as any other's.
Fakeer Ishavardas|If you're born a man, be a man. If a woman, be proud of being one. For, you're not the body, mind, this or that. "Ye are gods!" - human.
Frederick Buechner, Godric|What's prayer? It's shooting shafts into the dark. What mark they strike, if any, who's to say? It's reaching for a hand you cannot touch. The silence is so fathomless that prayers like plummets vanish into the sea. You beg. You whimper. You load God down with empty praise. You tell him sins that he already knows full well. You seek to change his changeless will. Yet Godric prays the way he breathes, for else his heart would wither in his breast. Prayer is the wind that fills his sail. Else drift with witless tides. And sometimes, by God's grace, a prayer is heard.
Steven Shaviro|Every Canadian has a complicated relationship with the United States, whereas Americans think of Canada as the place where the weather comes from.
Ann Brashares, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants|Why was it that her temper and her thinking never happened at the same time? Her temper behaved like a glutton sitting in an expensive restaurant ordering a hundred dishes, only to disappear when the bill came due. It left her lucid mind to do dishes.
John Wayne|Courage is being scared to death, but saddling up anyway.
Megan Derr, The Painted Crown|I have found food general guidelines are: be polite, be pleasant, be brief. When even that is too much to manage, pick a quiet corner and look at everyone like they are the greatest of disappointments. Obey royalty, be respectful to those above you, ignore or indulge those below you, and always be generous to staff and tradesmen. One loyal servant is worth then kings.
Marci Shimoff, Chicken Soup for the Single's Soul (Chicken Soup for the Soul|Face it,' I said. 'There is no true life. Your true life is the one you end up with, whatever it may be. You just do the best you can with what you've got,' I said.
Sōseki Natsume, I Am a Cat|But facts, remembered or not, are all, alas, still facts
Loren Weisman, The Artist's Guide to Success in the Music Business (2nd edition): The "Who, What, When, Where, Why & How" of the Steps that Musicians & Bands Have to Take to Succeed in Music|Artists of today can be inspired by the past, but they have to apply present methods if they want a future in music.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Until you get it that in reality you, and the enemy you hate, are identically and inseparably 'One', of a single make, you're one big silly mistake.
Justin Timberlake|I don't really have the patience to do my hair, which is why it's always parted down the middle, slicked, in a low ponytail or a messy high bun. I'm too lazy to do my own hair, but I like doing my makeup.
Talon P.S., Becoming His Slave|He drank in her misery like fine wine, savoring every drop, letting it soothe his mind, his tension flowing out the fingertips that held the paddle.
RD|You may need courage to say "NO", But you must be brave enough to say "YES" and not to do it
Anne Lamott, Grace (Eventually): Thoughts on Faith|I do know the sorrow of being ordinary, and that much of our life is spent doing the crazy mental arithmetic of how, at any given moment, we might improve, or at least disguise or present our defects and screw-ups in either more charming or more intimidating ways.
Bernie Sanders|There are plenty of problems in the world, and doubtless climate change - or whatever the currently voguish phrase for it all is - certainly is one of them. But it's low on my list.
Raven San Jose|You stopped,” she whispered, looking surprised. “This isn’t the place,” he replied. For a moment her face showed no change of expression. Then, almost as if someone were pulling a shade over her face, horror dawned. It started in her eyes, which grew impossibly round and somehow even more green than usual, then it reached her mouth, her lips parting as a gasp of air rushed in. “I didn’t think,” she whispered, more to herself than to him. “I know.” He smiled. “I know. I hate it when you think. It always ends badly for me.” “We can’t do this again.” “We certainly can’t do it here.” “No, I mean—” “You’re spoiling it.” “But—” “Humor me,” he said, “and let me believe the afternoon ended without your telling me this will never happen again.” “But—” He pressed a finger to her lips. “You’re not humoring me.” “But—” “Don’t I deserve this one little fantasy?” At last, he broke through. She smiled. “Good,” he said. “That’s more like it.” Her lips quivered, then, amazingly, her smile grew. “Excellent,” he murmured. “Now then, I’m going to leave. And you have only one task while I go. You will stay right here, and you will keep smiling. Because it breaks my heart to see any other expression on your face.” “You won’t be able to see me,” she pointed out. He touched her chin. “I’ll know.” And then, before her expression could change from that enchanting combination of shock and adoration, he left.-Sophie & Benedict
Scott Hildreth, Broken People|We tend to make adjustments in our lives to get by, to survive. Sometimes we don't actually heal. We make changes. We deny. We mask. We cover up. We hide things. I could not change the fact Shellie committed suicide while I was away no more than I could change the fact she left me the poem. Eventually, I put the poem away to separate Shellie and the thoughts of her from my day-to-day life. I quit carrying a wallet because the wallet reminded me of the poem, and the poem reminded me I was helpless.
Kemi Sogunle|If you don't love yourself, you won't be happy with yourself. If you can't love yourself, you can't love anyone else. You can't give the love you do not have. You can't make anyone love you without loving yourself first.
Maisey Yates, Unexpected|But she didn’t pull away from him. If anything, she seemed to sort of melt against him. It was thefirst time she’d willingly accepted something from him without getting stiff and defensive andgenerally annoyed
Dwayne Johnson|People look at my tattoos, and the majority of them are religious images, so people think, 'Oh, he must be very religious'. I respect all religions, but I'm not a deeply religious person. But I try and live life in the right way, respecting other people.
Janet Fitch, Paint it Black|She shrugged innocently at him and asked, “What I do?
Aldo Palazzeschi, Man of Smoke|Don’t you know what god is? God is everything and God is nothing; for the perfection created by man cannot be anything other than nothing. They decided to give a name to nothingness, and thereby the made it become something. Like you… God, who is nothing, can no longer be nothing since he is God. You could be a god for men. They need to give a body to nothingness so that nothingness can be seen and touched-at least with the imagination.
Donna Alward, Hired by the Cowboy|A partner to share the ups and downs with. Honor and strength, and knowing you're stronger together than apart
Teresa Medeiros, Charming the Prince|Before you came into my life, I believed that God had abandoned me. Now I know that He has blessed me beyond measure. ~Sir Bannor
Lia Habel, Dearly, Departed|I'd like to sit down with him and pick his brain, just a tiny bite somewhere in the frontal lobe to get a taste of his thoughts" -Warm Bodies
William Hjortsberg, Falling Angel|Her wavy, shoulder-length hair was the colour of polished mahogany.
Bobby Adair, Zero Day|Pain today, pussy tomorrow.
Elizabeth Edwards|There are people who are able to plan their career, their future, but I've never had any talent for that. I just do things and hope for the best. Say yes, take a chance, and sometimes it's terrific and sometimes it's not.
Jenny Han, To All the Boys I've Loved Before|Though I despise it, I do not doubt His Love for the creatures. I have seen it —His ever-reaching outward for any hand that might reach back. At His love, I tremble yet believe.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|If your dreams and goals get derailed, they're not dead. Derailed simply means off-track. Pick 'em up and put 'em back on again.
Debasish Mridha|When you try to make others happy, happiness will follow you like your shadow forever.
Sandy   Hall, A Little Something Different|It was like I couldn't think of any words. Now I can think of about nine million." "How many words are in the English language?""Not the point.
Francis G. Thompson, The Hound of Heaven|Whom wilt thou find to love ignoble thee Save Me, save only Me?All which I took from thee I did but take, Not for thy harms.But just that thou might'st seek it in my arms. All which thy child's mistakeFancies as lost, I have stored for thee at home; Rise, clasp My hand, and come!
Tom Conrad|Detective Inspector Eccles sighed. He may ordinarily have met his sigh with the question of why the newly appointed Superintendent Dickinson was turning up to this late hour crime scene, he may also ordinarily question why his superior officer was dressed as Julius Caesar, in full tunic and green leafy wreath, yet ever since the new and youngest-ever-appointed superintendent had arrived at the Met it had been all too clear he was an officer who didn’t quite do things by the eBook.
Christina Feldman|Compassion is a fundamental principle of meditation. Meditation is not a narcissistic, self-interested path. It provides the foundation for love, integrity, compassion, respect and sensitivity (Feldman, 1998, p.2).
Cormac McCarthy, All the Pretty Horses|Sometimes I wanted to go to sleep and not wake up. I’d lie awake in bed, wondering, wishing, hoping that I’d close my eyes and then I just … wouldn’t open them ever again.
Debasish Mridha|To be a great success detect the problem, find the solutions, never complain, but never forget to compliment someone.
Timothy Zahn, Star Wars: Thrawn, Thrawn|A life path may change because of important decisions or events. Those were what drove my current path.But sometimes the smallest event can also drive a turn. In the case of Eli Vanto, that force was a single, overheard word.Chiss. Where had Cadet Vanto heard that name? What did it mean to him? He had already spoken one reason, but there might well be others. Indeed, the full truth might have several layers. But what were they?On a ship as large as this, there was only one practical way to find out.Thus did my path take yet another turn. As, certainly, did his.
Lois McMaster Bujold, Barrayar|Children might or might not be a blessing, but to create them and then fail them was surely damnation.
Peter Mohrbacher|Dead or alive, true leaders can inspire an entire army.
Chila Woychik, On Being a Rat and Other Observations|When I pour a bowl of Uncle Sam’s cereal, I never know if I should stand when I eat, salute it first, or simply hum the Star Spangled Banner between mouthfuls.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|Lust, pure gorgeous lust: the sacred energy that elevates us, and makes us feel so special.
Katy Perry|Next month, I will celebrate my 30th anniversary of marriage with my beautiful bride, Vicki. Our marriage has been a blessing. I have gained even more respect for the institution over the past 3 decades and will defend it against attack.
William Osler|This life is worth living, we can say, since it is what we make it.
Mark Twain|Grief can take care of itself, but to get the full value of joy you must have somebody to divide it with.
Tablo, Pieces of You|October extinguished itself in a rush of howling winds and driving rain and November arrived, cold as frozen iron, with hard frosts every morning and icy drafts that bit at exposed hands and faces.
Irvine Welsh, Trainspotting|End-stage addiction is mostly about waiting for the police, or someone, to come and bury you in your shame.
Jacqueline Carey, Banewreaker|A small kindness, a confluence of compassion, had saved his life. Was that strength, or a weakness?
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|Where should one use perfume?" a young woman asked. "Wherever one wants to be kissed.
Tilman J. Fertitta|When you're strong physically, it improves your strength in every other facet of your life. You're more confident, your self-esteem is higher, and your self image is better.
Patrick O'Brian, The Truelove|With mortal age comes the immense need for childish charms. Like a fine wine, sweetens with maturity.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips|I can’t chitchat and make breakfast at the same time. You could help, you know, instead of standing there like the Queen of England. Although you’re a lot better-looking.
Virginia Woolf, The Question of Things Happening: The Letters of Virginia Woolf, Volume 2: 1912-1922|I spent an hour looking at pots and carpets in the museums the other day, until the desire to describe them became like the desire for the lusts of the flesh.
Julie Kagawa, Soldier|Ember was mine. The other half of me. And I would fight Talon, St George, and the entire d world to keep her safe.
Amy Sumida, Godhunter|As an adult, be child-like as you learn but not child-ish as you live.
Elizabeth Bear, New Amsterdam|You know," he said, "every time a vampire says he doesn't believe in lycanthropes, a werewolf bursts into flames.
Willem Lange, Tales from the Edge of the Woods|He wasn't so elderly after all, I saw: probably just a few years older than I. And yet I was never able (and am still not) to think of myself as old. I talked as if I knew I was; I bemoaned my age. But it was only for comedy, or to make other people feel young.
Amanda Hocking, Hollowland|At moments of departure and a change of life, people capable of reflecting on their actions usually get into a serious state of mind. At these moments they usually take stock of the past and make plans for the future.
William Faulkner|Never be afraid to raise your voice for honesty and truth and compassion against injustice and lying and greed. If people all over the world...would do this, it would change the earth.
Richard Llewellyn, How Green Was My Valley|When we merely follow another, we take a potentially creative mind out of service-our own. 
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|It was the pure Language of the World. It required no explanation, just as the universe needs none as it travels through endless time. What the boy felt at that moment was that he was in the presence of the only woman in his life, and that, with no need for words, she recognized the same thing. He was more certain of it than of anything in the world. He had been told by his parents and grandparents that he must fall in love and really know a person before becoming committed. But maybe people who felt that way had never learned the universal language. Because, when you know that language, it's easy to understand that someone in the world awaits you, whether it's in the middle of the desert or in some great city. And when two such people encounter each other, and their eyes meet, the past and the future become unimportant. There is only that moment, and the incredible certainty that everything under the sun has been written by one hand only. It is the hand that evokes love, and creates a twin soul for every person in the world. Without such love, one's dreams would have no meaning.
Alister E. McGrath, Mere Apologetics: How to Help Seekers and Skeptics Find Faith|Human logic may be rationally adequate, but it is also existentially deficient. Faith declares that there is more than this - not contradicting, but transcending reason.
Jane Ripley, Collaboration Begins with You: Be a Silo Buster|In order for collaboration to take place, managers must give up their silos and their perceptions of power.
Dick Allen, Zen Master Poems|It is such a mistake to assume that practicing dharma will help us calm down and lead an untroubled life; nothing could be further from the truth. Dharma is not a therapy. Quite the opposite, in fact; dharma is tailored specifically to turn your life upside down—it’s what you sign up for. So when your life goes pear-shaped, why do you complain? If you practice and your life fails to capsize, it is a sign that what you are doing is not working. This is what distinguishes the dharma from New Age methods involving auras, relationships, communication, well-being, the Inner Child, being one with the universe, and tree hugging. From the point of view of dharma, such interests are the toys of samsaric beings—toys that quickly bore us senseless.
Mary SanGiovanni, Chills|Veins of ivy scale stones,find footholds butthe caretaker cuts earth short, peels creepers from Cotswold rock and props the deadhead to head so they won’ttopple like drunkson their moss-soft shadows.
Robert Coover, Huck Out West|I thought that nothing enormously bad or good had happened to me during my life. All the normal things had occurred. I had lived a completely unremarkable life. I wanted only my home, and the love and safety of those around me, nothing else. I knew there was no particular reason why I was put on this earth, but here I was and I was glad to be here, awed by the beauty of it. It was a perfect moment. (p.99)
Hadas Moosazadeh, Author|What do you see when you touch me now?" Riff asked, his gaze searching Zed's face. Once again, Zed sensed that electric zing of sexual awareness. Riff Definitely knew what he wanted, "Enough heat to set me on fire. Hunger that matches my own.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe|Don't turn a blind eye to those that empathize; that care when no one else does, because it could lead to a very satisfying and meaningful relationship, with profound levels of loyalty.
Mahershala Ali|I'm excited about 'Luke Cage' with Michael Colter, who plays Luke Cage. I play the villain, Cottonmouth. It takes place in Harlem. It'll just be amazing for people to get to see an African-American superhero, which there weren't any when I was growing up.
Wendell Berry|The great enemy of freedom is the alignment of political power with wealth. This alignment destroys the commonwealth - that is, the natural wealth of localities and the local economies of household, neighborhood, and community - and so destroys democracy, of which the commonwealth is the foundation and practical means.
Tarryn Fisher, Mud Vein|What's a Dullahan?''He's a headless horseman, in the service of the banshee.''Headless?''Yes.''Seriously?''Yes.''So he has no head?''That's usually what headless means.''No head at all?''You're really getting hung up on this headless thing, aren't you?''It's just kind of silly, even for us.''Yet you spend your days with a living skeleton.''But at least he has a head.''True.''He even has a spare.
Mickey Rourke|Utility is the great idol of the age, to which all powers must do service and all talents swear allegiance.
Richard Llewellyn, How Green Was My Valley|For as men have fists and heads to defend themselves, so women have a gentleness of silence about them, a barrier built of things of the spirit, of pain, of quiet, of helplessness, of grace, of all that is beautiful and womanly an equal part, given to them because they are women in defense of their womaness. And this barrier a man will find against him to turn aside his male attack, keep his arms pinned, stop his mouth, cool his eyes, reduce his heat and restrain his idle imaginings. This barrier it is that women who are women keep always at a height, coming from behind it only when, with knowledge and in light, they trust. You shall see it in their eyes.
William J. Federer, Change to Chains-The 6,000 Year Quest for Control -Volume I-Rise of the Republic|The COUNTRY is controlled by LAWS>LAWS are controlled by POLITICIANS>POLITICIANS are controlled by VOTERS>VOTERS are controlled by PUBLIC OPINION>PUBLIC OPINION is controlled by the MEDIA (News, Hollywood, Internet...) & EDUCATIONso. whoever controls MEDIA & EDUCATION, controls the COUNTRY.
Christopher Bollen, Orient|That’s what children eventually were for their aging parents: custodians of technology, free personal IT departments keeping them from disappearing forever from the universal cloud.
Graham Greene|The reason was the failure of both Japan and China to understand each other and the inability of America and the European powers to sympathize, without prejudice, with the peoples of East Asia.
Christian Nestell Bovee|I asked my daughter when she was 16, What's the buzz on the street with the kids? She's going, to be honest, Dad, most of my friends aren't into Kiss. But they've all been told that it's the greatest show on Earth.
Vlad.S|I have many lovers.Where ever I look, I find them.There is no place devoid of them.They are everywhere:In the enchanting Cottonwood trees,The rivers, the rocky roads, the hills, the mystic trails,The snow capped mountains,The skies, the clouds, the soaring Eagles,The blackness of night, as black as the Raven,The absolute brave Cactus,Listening to me, and the whispers I breathe.Where ever I, look I find them.There is no place devoid of them.My lovers are everywhere.They are everywhere:In the rains, the freezing winds,The sun, the moonlight,The darkness of despair,The days of pain and sorrow,They never leave me, or betray me,Or ever forsake me,Even in my unfaithfulness,They remain mine.Am I blessed, crazy, or blind?However much I dare,Even in those careless moments; they care.Where ever I look, I find them,There is no place devoid of them,My lovers are everywhere.They are everywhere:I close my eye’s, I see them,They appear to me patiently,like some ancient melody,in my waking dreams, they are like wise prophets,twirling in compassionate dances of forgiveness.Allowing me my mistakes of existence,They give me, ‘me’,Reach for my fears, cradle and hold me.They are everywhere.I will regenerate,and shine through their presence.Through their guidance, from their quiet empowerment,I will gather myself, pick up my pride,Understand ‘life’, and remember reality.Finally, when my ‘being’ remains not with me,they will once again redefine, re-collect me,recreate the aura around me,find another place to replant me.They are everywhere.No place is devoid of them.Countless lovers.Their love: Omnipresent.Only if one can ‘see’,These lovers are everywhere .
JR|I consider skateboarding an art form, a lifestyle and a sport. 'Action sport' would be the least offensive categorization.
Jane Nelsen|Where did we ever get the crazy idea that in order to make children do better, first we have to make them feel worse? Think of the last time you felt humiliated or treated unfairly. Did you feel like cooperating or doing better?
Socrates, Apology, Crito and Phaedo of Socrates.|Go to any airport in this country and you’ll see how well our government is dealing with the terrible danger you’re in. TSA staffers are wanding 90-year-old ladies in wheelchairs, and burrowing through their suitcases. Toddlers are on the no-fly list. Lipsticks are confiscated. And it’s all done with the highest seriousness. It’s a show of protection and it stirs the fear pot, giving us over and over an image of being in grave personal peril, needing Big Brother to make sure we’re safe.
Mitt Romney|I missed so many opportunities along the way to do what I wanted to do because I didn't have the confidence to tell myself, much less anybody else, 'Yes, this is the business I wanted to be a part of, and not feeling that I had the talent... and letting it go all the way through Notre Dame and then through two years of Navy service.
Marc Newson|Design in art, is a recognition of the relation between various things, various elements in the creative flux. You can't invent a design. You recognize it, in the fourth dimension. That is, with your blood and your bones, as well as with your eyes.
Erin Hunter|Now Darkstripe,' Graypaw hissed to Firepaw under his breath, 'is neither young, nor pretty.
Minae Mizumura, The Fall of Language in the Age of English|As a CEO, how do you know you are investing in technology that supports productivity?
E. Jamie, The Betrayal|A loud clang of what sounded like a tray hitting the marble kitchen floor made Bree jump and Gianni go wide eyed with apparent terror. He covered his ears and shook his head. “Bang! Bang! Bang!” He fell over and covered his head. Bree rushed over to him as he began shrieking fearfully. “Maaammaaaaaa!” “Is okay, Gianni. Just a ting falled down,” Will said patting Gianni’s back but Bree noticed her little boy’s hand was shaking. “It’s okay, sweetie. Mommy’s here. That’s okay,” she crouched down and gathered Gianni into her arms. “Bang! Mama. It bang!” he wailed into her shoulder, trembling in her arms. “It was just a loud noise. Cook just dropped something, probably a whole big plate of yucky beets. Isn’t that funny?” she said, forcing a laugh. Jesus Christ, how much more violence would her children be forced to endure? Again, Bree felt selfish for bringing her innocent babies into the Dardano world. Gianni looked up at her, picking up on her tone he gave a small watery smile. “Ucky ee “Yucky yucky beets,” Bree repeated bouncing him lightly as her heart returned to its normal rhythm in her chest. Gianni giggled and shuddered against her as the last remnants of his fear dissipated. Bree looked over at Will. “You okay, sweetie?” Will blinked and looked over at her, wide eyed and his lower lip quivered, but he set his chin like she knew he’d watched Alessandro do and nodded. “I bwave. I nod scared.” Bree smiled at him and kissed his cheek as she ran her fingers through his hair. “Wow. That is pretty brave. I know I wasscared when I first heard the noise.” “Really?” Will asked hesitantly. “Definitely,” Bree nodded. Gianni echoed the gesture. “Well, dat’s diffen. You’s a girl.” “Oh, is that so?” Bree asked setting Gianni on the blanket next to her. “So you think ’cause mommy’s a girl she’s a fraidy cat. Huh? Huh?” she asked poking him. Will curled in on himself and giggled as he tried to avoid her fingers.
Mary Pope Osborne|Bad people are, from the point of view of art, fascinating studies. They represent colour, variety and strangeness. Good people exasperate one's reason; bad people stir one's imagination.
Esmé Raji Codell, Educating Esmé: Diary of a Teacher's First Year|Before I started (college), that's the advice my dad gave me. He said to pick classes based on the teacher whenever you can, not the subject...his point was that good teachers are priceless. They inspire you, they entertain you, and you end up learning a ton even when you don't know it.
Aprilynne Pike|Tamani was suddenly struck by just how young David looked. He forgot, sometimes, that David, Laurel, and their friends were younger, in some ways much younger, than Tamani. He was posing as a school-age human, but in truth he was an officer in the Guard. He knew his place, he knew his role, with a certainty some humans never achieved. The amount of freedom human children had must be paralyzing. No wonder they took so long to become adults.
Tim Jackson|My happiness is being able to present my talents for people to see, and I feel like I'm an ambassador of Thai history and Thai culture on film so that people can see Muay Thai.
Yami Gautam|I travel all the time. And as I go around the world, I try to learn a little something and not just take up all the available air.
Andy Behrman, Electroboy: A Memoir of Mania|Like Sylvia Plath, Natalie Jeanne Champagne invites you so close to the pain and agony of her life of mental illness and addiction, which leaves you gasping from shock and laughing moments later: this is both the beauty and unique nature of her storytelling. With brilliance and courage, the author's brave and candid chronicle travels where no other memoir about mental illness and addiction has gone before. The Third Sunrise is an incredible triumph and Natalie Jeanne Champagne is without a doubt the most important new voice in this genre.
Amanda  Carlson, Pure Blooded|Fucking unicorns wouldn't be hard to chase, as they'd probably stay in roughly the same spot while they, you know, fuck.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|From the moment a child is born, the death process, and the fight against it, begins.
Emery Lord, When We Collided|I'm looking for some kind of permanence, so my mark will linger on the world once I'm gone, in the places where I found joy..
A. Laurence Polak|When placing an emergency call, it is important to remember that a corrupt or incompetent cop may be on their way to you.
P.D. James, Innocent Blood|Time didn't heal, but it anesthetized. The human mind could only feel so much.
Anushka Bhartiya|She wanted to hurt him. Hurt him bad. But she knew that his heart would forgive. So she hurt his mind. The mind that doesn't forgive. It remembers, for a very long time. And that's what she wanted. For him to remember always. What it means to get hurt, experience pain inside the brain, all the time. This would ensure that he never ever forgets her. The heart was weak, it always had room for forgiveness. But the mind did not.
Darynda Jones|I cannot tell you how important fresh, crisp writing is for an aspiring writer. Plot is great. The overall concept is super important. But the writing is what sells your work. It all boils down to the words you choose and the order in which you arrange them.
Bernie Siegel|The first thing to improve society is not banning abortion, but making sure that everyone who had a child is in the best position to be able to rear it.
Andrea Dworkin, Pornography: Men Possessing Women|The object, the woman, goes out into the world formed as men have formed her to be used as men wish to use her. She is then a provocation. The object provokes its use. It provokes its use because of its form, determined by the one who is provoked. The carpenter makes a chair, sits on it, then blames the chair because he is not standing. When the object complains about the use to which she is put, she is told, simply and firmly, not to provoke.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|The Great Ones, the sages of every age, tell me what to look for. They say that the answer lies not elsewhere but right where I am, here where I am both the center and the source of the universe. They say that, contrary to what I may think I am, what I really am is formless, boundless, timeless, and deathless; that I am utterly transparent, empty, not an object. They say that this clarity that lies at the very heart of my humanity is none other than the Self, God, Buddha, Tao, and the Beloved, and that to see and be this requires no change, no achievement, no struggle, for it is already what I am; in fact, I cannot not be it. They say that no one else can tell me what I am, that I must see for myself, and should I discover this and live consciously from this, all will be right, all will be true.
Debasish Mridha|To enjoy the beauty of life, live profoundly in the present moment without the fear of the past or future.
Jed Diamond, Stress Relief for Men: How to Use the Revolutionary Tools of Energy Healing to Live Well|Here's how it works. Your immune system protects you from all kinds of nasty bugs and helps repair tissue that has been damaged by injury or surgery. When a problem develops somewhere, your body does the equivalent of calling 911. The alarm sounds, and the immune system springs into action. The first responders, the white blood cells, travel to the site of the problem. As weapons, some of the cells released a shower of powerful free radicals (called an oxidative burst) that aids in the destruction of invading microorganisms and damaged tissue.
Daniel Radcliffe|I never saw anything funny in a car commercial - but that's OK. Whatever they wanted to do - it's their product and I'm the spokesperson, and I'm going to deliver.
Bianca Scardoni, Inception|It was no shock to me that my parents, like so many others, emerged out of a kind of fog. My father, an unrepentant chatterbox, claimed that his father his father had gone to dig for gold in Paramaribo, Dutch Guyana, anbodoning his mother, who was breast-feeding her baby on the Morne à Cayes. Other times he claimed his father was a merchant seaman, shipwrecked off the coast of Sumatra. Where did the truth lie? I think he re-created it at will, taking pleasure in enunciating the syllables that made him dream: Paramaribo, Sumatra. Thanks to him, from a very early age I understood that you forge an identity.
