Neal Shusterman, UnDivided|perhaps like me she's vainly hopingand some news awaits,but the moist earth already holds himin her strong embrace...
Lawren Leo, Love's Shadow: Nine Crooked Paths|Perhaps she was happiest when she was out of control. She looked at the fates and said three little words, not one regret.
Max Lucado, Traveling Light: Releasing the Burdens You Were Never Intended to Bear|Philosophers can debate the meaning of life, but you need a Lord who can declare the meaning of life.
L.M. Montgomery|Aunt Elizabeth said, 'Do you expect to attend many balls, if I may ask?' and I said, 'Yes, when I am rich and famous.' and Aunt Elizabeth said, 'Yes, when the moon is made of green cheese.
H.L.  Stephens, The Case of Jack the Nipper|To dream of afar, to chase a star, to believe in Captain Hook. To dance with bears and have no cares, this is the magic of a book.
Karen Essex, Pharaoh|Is my victory real, does the winner adorned with a laurel wreath ask this question? Do I deserve victory or did I steal it from someone who is more worthy of victory?
Auliq Ice|We've made our decisions, We've taken our choices, What's left, is only a hand-full of emotions.
Caroline Starr Rose, May B.|I amMavis Elizabeth Betterly.I amused to hard work.I canrun a household betterthan Mrs. Oblinger ever could.What does it matter,those thingsthat hold me back?What does it matterwhen I make mistakes?They don't make mewhoIam.
Kirk Wilson|I write, as far as I can tell, because writing is a black sheep sibling of prayer, an urgent struggle against a bad connection, intent, hopeful, innocent, never quite good enough.
Thomas S. Monson|It was by faith, nothing wavering, that Joseph saw God our Eternal Father and Jesus Christ, His Son.
Faith Hunter|For thousands of years, we did have death surrounding us, and we did have people die in the home. You would take care of your own end. You would do ritual processes, and you would be involved in it, and that's been taken away in the Western world.
Sarah Dessen, Just Listen|Don't think or judge, just listen.
Shelley Lubben, Truth Behind the Fantasy of Porn: The Greatest Illusion on Earth|This is eminently true of many happy moments in life. Freed from the demands of decision and intention, adrift on some inner sea, we observe our various movements as if they belonged to someone else, and yet we admire their involuntary excellence.
Sarah  Smith, Chasing Shakespeares|I shall tell you what I believe. I believe God is a librarian. I believe that literature is holy...it is that best part of our souls that we break off and give each other, and God has a special dispensation for it, angels to guard its making and its preservation.
Jasper Fforde, The Big Over Easy|If it weren't for greed, intolerance, hate, passion and murder, you would have no works of art, no great buildings, no medical science, no Mozart, no Van Gough, no Muppets and no Louis Armstrong.
Robert G. Ingersoll, Heretics and Heresies: From 'The Gods and Other Lectures'|ABNORMAL, adj. Not conforming to standards in matters of thought and conduct. To be independent is to be abnormal, to be abnormal is to be detested.A striving toward the straiter [sic] resemblance of the Average Man than he hath to himself, whoso attaineth thereto shall have peace, the prospect of death and the hope of Hell.
Joanie Connell, Flying Without a Helicopter: How to Prepare Young People for Work and Life|Maybe I should think of nothing at all? But that was passion impossible. As soon as I tried to thinking of anything, millions of ideas flooded my brain.
Leisa Rayven, Broken Juliet|My inner caveman demands she knows I'm a good provider. I'll get her the best booth, order any food she wants, kill potential predators, and buy her the best cave on the block".
Stephen King, Bag of Bones|When an imaginative person gets into mental trouble, the line between seeming and being has a way of disappearing-
George W. Bush|We cannot create observers by saying 'observe', but by giving them the power and the means for this observation and these means are procured through education of the senses.
Beth Underdown, The Witchfinder's Sister|These last months, I have learned that the acknowledged history that belongs to the daylight, that is not the only history. Turn over the stone and you will find another history, wriggling to escape.
S.R. Ford, Mimgardr|In the face of adversity, beautiful things emerge
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Listening to music, reading literature, writing, and extended periods of personal introspection provide four prongs of the incitements available to form a conscious and subconscious designation of self. Other potential incentives that contribute to self-identity include religion and cultural events as well as painting, sculpture, dance, films, newspapers, television, Internet surfing, web sites, and online message boards.
Hopal Green|Be a girl with a mind, beauty and talents!
David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest|Kate Gompert’s always thought of this anhedonic state as a kind of radical abstracting of everything, a hollowing out of stuff that used to have affective content. Terms the undepressed toss around and take for granted as full and fleshy—happiness, joie de vivre, preference, love—are stripped to their skeletons and reduced to abstract ideas. They have, as it were, denotation but not connotation. The anhedonic can still speak about happiness and meaning et al., but she has become incapable of feeling anything in them, of understanding anything about them, of hoping anything about them, or of believing them to exist as anything more than concepts. Everything becomes an outline of the thing. Objects become schemata. The world becomes a map of the world. An anhedonic can navigate, but has no location. I.e. the anhedonic becomes, in the lingo of Boston AA, Unable To Identify.
Samuel Johnson|That we must all die, we always knew; I wish I had remembered it sooner.
James Dashner, The Death Cure|Awww," Minho said. "That's almost as sweet as that time she slammed the end of a spear into your shuck face.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|Clary shut her eyes. You didn't say no to an angel, no matter what it had in mind. Her heart pounding, she sat floating in the darkness behind her eyelids, resolutely trying not to think of Jace. But his face appear against the blank screen of her closed eyelids anyway - not smiling at her but looking sidelong, and she could see the scar at his temple, the uneven curl at the corner of his mouth, and the silver line on his throat where Simon had bitten him - all the marks and flaws and imperfections that made up the person she loved most in the world. Jace. A bright light lit her vision to scarlet, and she fell back against the sand, wondering if she was going to pass out - or maybe she was dying - but she didn't want to die, not now that she could see Jace's face so clearly in front of her. She could almost hear his voice, too, saying her name, the way he'd whispered it at Renwick's, over and over again. Clary. Clary. Clary."Clary," Jace said. "Open your eyes.
Cassandra Clare|Your place is with me,” Jem said. “It always will be.”“What do you mean?”He flushed, the color dark against his pale skin. “I mean,” he said, “Tessa Gray, will you do me the honor of becoming my wife?”Tessa sat bolt upright. “Jem!”They stared at each other for a moment. At last he said, trying for lightness, though his voice cracked, “That was not a no, I suppose, thoughneither was it a yes.”“You can’t mean it.”“I do mean it.”“You can’t—I’m not a Shadowhunter. They’ll expel you from the Clave—”He took a step closer to her, his eyes eager. “You may not be precisely a Shadowhunter. But you are not a mundane either, nor provably aDownworlder. Your situation is unique, so I do not know what the Clave will do. But they cannot forbid something that is not forbidden by the Law.They will have to take your—our—individual case into consideration, and that could take months. In the meantime they cannot prevent ourengagement.”“You are serious.” Her mouth was dry. “Jem, such a kindness on your part is indeed incredible. It does you credit. But I cannot let you sacrificeyourself in that way for me.”“Sacrifice? Tessa, I love you. I want to marry you.
Vijay Dhameliya|Shabelsky: O mind of genius, you think up things for everyone and teach everyone, but why not for once teach me... Teach me, great brain, show me the way out...
David Cassidy|It's about getting the kids up and fed, getting one to school, getting the other down for a nap, going to the grocery store, picking one up from school, getting the other one down for another nap, cooking dinner... I live my life at these two extremes. I'm either a full-time stay-at-home mom or a full-time actress.
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|Seriousness is the very thing wherein consisteth our sincerity. If thou art not serious, thou art not a Christian (279).
Nicolas Cage|You know, one of my fears about living alone so long is that you get used to doing everything your own way.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Western world’s sole objective seems to be success, status, security, self-indulgence, pleasure, and comfort.
Robert Appleton, Prehistoric Clock|I was in '78 recently," he announced. "I brought you this."He handed me a single by the Beatles. I didn't recognize the title."Didn't they split in '70?""Not always. How are things?
Ehsan Sehgal|My mother, writing from France, admonished me to take care of my health as she had during the war. My head could be all set for the guillotine, and still my mother would scold me for forgetting my muffler. She never missed an opportunity to try and convince me that the world is a kindly place and that she'd done a good job in conceiving me. This alleged Providence was the great subterfuge of maternal thoughtlessness.
Martina Boone, Illusion|Family is always a mirror. You can hide from other people, you can even hide from yourself, but your family is going to reflect what you’re doing right back at you.
William A. Barry, The Practice of Spiritual Direction|Both of these attitudes -- unrelenting listlessness and dogged good cheer -- have to yield to the realities of prayer and life if the relationship with God is to grow and spiritual direction be helpful. Pointing repeatedly to discordant notes that sound in prayer will usually be the most valuable assistance directors can give. But sometimes people's defenses will be so entrenched that only a forthright confrontation will capture their attention. Such a confrontation would have to be focused clearly on the main issue: Are they willing to notice what is happening in prayer and in life, or are they screening out material that conflicts with a mood they feel they must maintain?" (Ch.5, p. 75)
David Levithan, Are We There Yet?|He was thirteen then, Elijah almost seven. Now, ten years later, Elijah realizes he’s older than Danny was. That all of those changes have happened to him, too. The changes that nobody has any say over. The biology—“growing” and “up” as a physical matter. The changes after—Elijah has to believe they’re a matter of choice. Looking at Danny used to be like looking at the future. Now looking at Danny is like looking at a future he doesn’t want.
Jeremy Hawthorn, Unlocking the Text: Fundamental Issues in Literary Theory|The literary text seems like "a fortified medieval town –foreigners and outsiders are repelled, or allowed in only after rigorous checks, but within all is bustling life; exchange, mutual interdependence and influence are the rule.
Mariella Frostrup|Only a fighting nation can make itself responsible for world peace, and such a nation must organize its material resources and manpower with the highest possible degree of efficiency.
Jim Cooper|Civilizations are not remembered by their business people, their bankers or lawyers. They're remembered by the arts.
Sharon Kay Penman, Devil's Brood|There is no pride when it comes to survival, only determination.
Keith Henson|To meet the expectations of the majority of our people, and to open up new vistas of economic opportunity so that the aspirations of Nigerians can stand a fair chance of being fulfilled in a lifetime, there must be a truly committed leadership in a democratic Nigeria.
Les Dawson|What really helps me is being able to record my albums at home - I have more fun experimenting that way, as opposed to working with an engineer, in which case I have to deal with the humiliation of doing take after take, and that can get frustrating.
Stewart O'Nan, The Odds: A Love Story|The happiest she'd ever been was with him, and the saddest. Was that the true test of love?
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|One describes a tale best by telling the tale. You see? The way one describes a story, to oneself or to the world, is by telling the story. It is a balancing act and it is a dream. The more accurate the map, the more it resembles the territory. The most accurate map possible would be the territory, and thus would be perfectly accurate and perfectly useless. The tale is the map that is the territory.You must remember this.
Rowan Ricardo Phillips|At independence, Tanzania had 350,000 elephants... in 1987, there were only 55,000 elephants left.
Laiah Gifty Akita|White clouds, blue sky.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|You aren’t in the ivy halls of your miserable literature pursuit now. Without wasting more time, will thou cometh to the pointeth? Dost thou wanteth us to stayeth or leaveth?
Heather Dixon, Entwined|When---when I dance," she said quietly. "When I dance, I---I forget all the---the bad things." "I---I only remember the good things. That is the b-best thing about d-dancing.
Cathleen Falsani, Sin Boldly: A Field Guide for Grace|We're so worried about the legal details of crossing doctrinal t's and dotting sociopolitical i's that we miss the big picture. The love picture. The one thing Jesus was really clear about: LOVE. If we could just get that one thing down, I believe the details would take care of themselves.
Dana Carvey|You know, I'm Australian, and we have got the worst sense of humor. We are cruel to each other.
Jim George|Once again the Scriptures are a lodestar, a benchmark, the plumb line steadies us and steers us clear of what is happening in the world and gives us a glimpse of history and politics, economics and daily experiences from God's point of view. Going back to this mother lode of wisdom and knowledge, inspired by God, brings grace and further insight not found in other devotional materials.
Christian Wiman, Ambition and Survival: Becoming a Poet|I've never been able to write poetry without having vast tracts of dead time. Poetry requires a certain kind of disciplined indolence that the world, including many prose writers, doesn't recognize as discipline. It is, though. It's the discipline to endure hours that you refuse to fill with anything but the possibility of poetry, though you may in fact not be able to write a word of it just then, and though it may be playing practical havoc with your life. It's the discipline of preparedness.
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|See, being a person is kind of random and arbitrary business. You may have noticed that. And you need to believe in something to keep it from being too random and arbitrary to handle. Some people take religion, or success, or patriotism, or family, but for a lot of guys those things don't work. A guy like me. I don't have religion or family that sort of thing. So you accept some system of order, and you stick to it.
Martin Buber|Retaliation is related to nature and instinct, not to law. Law, by definition, cannot obey the same rules as nature.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Best Option|Satisfaction in life doesn't jump on you, you work for it, you earn it. You will not sit in a place, fold your hands and expect to be satisfied with life.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|When you complain, you explain pain for no gain. Endure and balance yourself through the pain, be hopeful and persist to the end.
Vincent van Gogh|Where friendship blooms, life is reborn.
Stacia Kane, Sacrificial Magic|But then, anyone was capable of any manner of atrocities if they wanted something bad enough. People could justify anything to themselves if they wanted it bad enough. No one was immune to that.
Mother Teresa|Be happy in the moment, that's enough. Each moment is all we need, not more.
Moliere|When I was a child, I used to paint intently. The older I become, and the closer death approaches, the brighter my life gets day by day.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|I've always been shy physically. This in part tended to keep me from rushing into things, including relationships, headlong. Not rushing headlong, though I may have wanted to, but beginning to write stories about people, I drew near slowly; noting and guessing, apprehending, hoping, drawing my eventual conclusions out of my own heart, I did venture closer to where I wanted to go.
Mehmet Murat ildan|While other creatures of the evolution are just watching the universe, man alone has the power to change the fate of the universe.
Ben Okri|Hebrew as a contemporary language, especially for poetry, is no longer the language of the Bible; but neither is it not the language of the Bible.
Taylor Hicks|I'm so thankful for my family and friends - they're really supportive. Everyone I work with on 'Austin & Ally;' the cast and crew are like my family now. We have so much fun, and I'm so happy they're in my life!
Kresley Cole, A Hunger Like No Other|It's a sweet setup, I'll admit. For all that the maids STILL show up each day with jumbo crucifixes, jumpy movements, and red eyes from crying over the short straw that drew them vampire duty.' Yesterday, she'd just stopped herself from raising her clenched hands above her head and chasing one of them around the room groaning, 'I vant to suck your blood.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, We|Let my notes, like the most sensitive seismograph, record the curve of even the most insignificant vibrations of my brain: for it is precisely such vibrations that are sometimes the forewarning of...
Magda M. Olchawska, Mikolay and Julia Meet the Fairies|Mikolay and Julia live in the same neighborhood and go tothe same school every Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
James Fenton|Some people think that English poetry begins with the Anglo-Saxons. I don't, because I can't accept that there is any continuity between the traditions of Anglo-Saxon poetry and those established in English poetry by the time of, say, Shakespeare. And anyway, Anglo-Saxon is a different language, which has to be learned.
Fred Rogers, The World According to Mister Rogers: Important Things to Remember|I am convinced that every effort must be made in childhood to teach the young to use their own minds. For one thing is sure: If they don't make up their minds, someone will do it for them.
Shirley Corder, Strength Renewed: Meditations for Your Journey through Breast Cancer|Jesus...remains in control of my circumstances, no matter the size of the waves.
Brandon Sanderson, Perfect State|Never go on a date unarmed.” Words of wisdom from my father. Well, my foster father. I was an orphan, of course. The best kings always are.
Alastair Reynolds, House of Suns|Streams of consequence flow from every action, and from every conflict there are two paths by which events may go.
Joan Rivers, Enter Talking|Somehow, some way, every person in the arts has to find an accommodation with disappointment and embarrassment. They are the pollen in the air we breathe.
Adele|He looked at Hector's list and told him that, thanks to a lot of studies and calculations, they'd shown that if you compared yourself to others and didn't find yourself wanting, if you had no money or health problems, if you had friends, a close-knit family, a job you liked, if you were religious and practised your religion, if you felt useful, if you went for a little stroll from time to time, and all of this in a country that was run by not very bad people, where you were taken care of when things went wrong, your chances of bring happy were greatly increased.
Michele Jaffe, Prom Nights from Hell|That kiss you gave me was the hottest kiss i've ever had. I pulled away because i was afraid i wouldn't be able to stop myself from ripping off your clothes. And that didn't seem like the right way to end a first date. I didn't want you to think that was all i was interested in."She stared at him. There was silence again, but this time she didn't worry about how long it went on."Why didn't you tell me?" She said finally."I tried to, but every time i saw you afterward you disappeared. I got the feeling you were avoiding me.""i didn't want things to be awkward.""Yeah, there was nothing awkward about you hiding behind a plant when i came into the dining hall at lunch on wednesday.""I wasn't hiding. I was, um, breathing. You know, oxygen. From the plant. Very oxygenated, that air is.""Of course. I should have thought of that.""It's a healthy thing. Not many people know about it.
Tomson Highway|English is so hierarchical. In Cree, we don't have animate-inanimate comparisons between things. Animals have souls that are equal to ours. Rocks have souls, trees have souls. Trees are 'who,' not 'what.
Walt Whitman|All goes onward and outward, nothing collapses, And to die is different from what any one supposed, and luckier.
Tom Walsh|We were breathing sooty air. The soot was composed of incinerated glass and steel but also, we knew, incinerated human flesh. When the local TV news announced that rescue workers sorting through the rubble in search of survivors were in need of toothpaste, half my block, having heard that there was finally something we could actually do besides worry and grieve, had already cleaned out the most popular brands at the corner deli by the time I got there, so at the rescue workers' headquarters I sheepishly dropped off fourteen tubes of Sensodyne, the toothpaste for sensitive teeth.We were members of the same body, breathing the cremated lungs of the dead and hoping to clean the teeth of the living.(Pg. 53)
Mary Balogh, Simply Perfect|Did she ever feel nostalgia for any of her girlhood dreams? But life was made up of a succession of dreams, some few to be realized, most to be set aside as time went on, one or two to persist for a lifetime. It was knowing when to abandon a dream, perhaps, that mattered and distinguished the successful people in life from the sad, embittered persons who never moved on from the first of life's great disappointments. Or from the airy dreamers who never really lived life at all.
Taona Dumisani Chiveneko, The Hangman's Replacement: Sprout of Disruption|Vaida planted her shoulders into the back of her chair and slid her lower body towards the edge of the seat. The fabric of her retracting skirt increased the protrusion of her legs. When she was in position, Vaida made a fine adjustment to achieve the desired view.
John Gierach, Death, Taxes, and Leaky Waders: A John Gierach Fly-Fishing Treasury|Sure, it was your idea and your fly, but he caught the big fish. Remember, fairness is a human idea largely unknown in nature.
Victoria Schwab, A Darker Shade of Magic|What are you?" she asked. "A monster," said Kell hoarsely. "You'd better let me go." The girl gave a small, mocking laugh. "Monsters don't faint in the presence of ladies." "Ladies don't dress like men and pick pockets," retorted Kell. Her smile only sharpened. "What are you really?" "Tied to your bed," said Kell matter-of-factly. "And?" His brow furrowed. "And in trouble.
Tyler, The Creator|Art has to move you and design does not, unless it's a good design for a bus.
Richie Norton|How much value do you want to get out of life? You get out what you put in. Approach your life with intent, courage, faith and hard work, and you’ll reap the beautiful value those sacrifices provide. That’s the way our strange world works.
George Orwell|Reshaping life! People who can say that have never understood a thing about life—they have never felt its breath, its heartbeat—however much they have seen or done. They look on it as a lump of raw material that needs to be processed by them, to be ennobled by their touch. But life is never a material, a substance to be molded. If you want to know, life is the principle of self-renewal, it is constantly renewing and remaking and changing and transfiguring itself, it is infinitely beyond your or my obtuse theories about it.
Baris Gencel|People come in my house and say, “I like this.” I say, “Do you want it?” Isn’t that the Christian thing to do?
Mehmet Murat ildan|Although my father had never been there, I came to believe I would someday see that city for him.
Tanja Kobasic, Angels in Stone|My body slid from human to wolf in a crack! of black smoke. Wolf was panting and I watched frost dissipate on my hot tongue, sending tiny rivulets of steam into the air. The world was sharp and clear, and I never realized how many different colors of shadow there were. It made me savor the dark beauty of night even more.
John Romanides|Just as God, above all, is free of every need and self-interest, the spiritual man who has the Spirit struggles and becomes perfected in the love according to Christ, love that is delivered of all need and self-interest.
Hal Zina Bennett, Zuni Fetishes: Using Native American Sacred Objects for Meditation, Reflection, and Insight|The coma carried me into a world where time and space seemed to vanish; it was a dreamlike existence in which people, places, and situations shifted as quickly as thoughts. I had a profound sense of being at a crossroads, a turning point, somewhere between death and life...
Edgar Allan Poe|Start telling the stories that only you can tell, because there’ll always be better writers than you and there’ll always be smarter writers than you. There will always be people who are much better at doing this or doing that - but you are the only you.Tarantino - you can criticize everything that Quentin does - but nobody writes Tarantino stuff like Tarantino. He is the best Tarantino writer there is, and that was actually the thing that people responded to - they’re going ‘this is an individual writing with his own point of view’.There are better writers than me out there, there are smarter writers, there are people who can plot better - there are all those kinds of things, but there’s nobody who can write a Neil Gaiman story like I can.
Michael Pollan, Cooked: A Natural History of Transformation|My definition of man is a cooking animal. The beasts have memory, judgement, and the faculties and passions of our minds in a certain degree; but no beast is a cook.
Theodore Sturgeon, More Than Human|Laura, this isn't love. Love lets you go on a trip without following you. Love can live without you for a week, knowing you'll come back.''No, it can't.' The afternoon shadows grew long and cold. In spite of the chill, a heat rose up inside her and flooded her face. 'That's how you know it's true love. When he can't live without you.'Karen shook her head. 'That's how you know it's obsession. Or something else.
Aimee Mann|There comes a time when you swim or sink so I jumped in the drink 'cause I couldn't make myself clear. Maybe I wrote in invisible ink, oh I've tried to think how I could've made it appear. 
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is impossible for a star to shine and not get noticed, even in the dark.
Wilhelm Reich, The Mass Psychology of Fascism|It was one of the greatest errors in evaluating dictatorship to say that the dictator forces himself on society against its own will. In reality, every dictator in history was nothing but the accentuation of already existing state ideas which he had only to exaggerate in order to gain power
J.M. August|if a chick can't dance, she can't ride dick, simple as that ...
Jennifer Echols, Such a Rush|Sometimes you see beautiful people with no brains. Sometimes you have ugly people who are intelligent, like scientists.
Charles Kuralt|I like all types of women. I accept them as they are when they come into my life... But I'm not a romantic. I'm just up-front. I like to be a part of something real, not make-believe. I tell women to tell me the truth, to just lay it out. Let me be the judge and decide if I want you around or not. Let me have my choice.
Paulo Coelho, The Winner Stands Alone|You can be justified in attacking someone, physically or verbally, but the satisfaction it brings is limited; it often leaves you with a bad feeling in the long run and gets you more involved with someone you'd like to stay away from.
Sojourner Truth|I'm not going to die, I'm going home like a shooting star.
Ali Smith, There but for the|We know You love us. We love You, too. I mean, six, seven thousand years from now . . . won't make no difference, will it? Everybody gonna be so mixed up by then that far in the future that they all gonna be the same color by then, ain't they?
Silas House, Same Sun Here|Whoever is born in New York is ill-equipped to deal with any other city: all other cities seem, at best, a mistake, and, at worst, a fraud. No other city is so spitefully incoherent. Whereas other cities flaunt there history - their presumed glory - in vividly placed monuments, squares, parks, plaques, and boulevards, such history as New York has been unable entirely to obliterate is to be found, mainly, in the backwaters of Wall Street, in the goat tracks of Old and West Broadway, in and around Washington Square, and, for the relentless searcher, in grimly inaccessible regions of The Bronx.
Rainbow Rowell, Attachments|He stood for twenty minutes in the bedding aisle at Target, trying to choose a manly sheet set, then picked the ones with a violet pattern, because he liked violets and who else was ever going to see his sheets, anyway?
Colum McCann|She wanted to tell him so much, on the tarmac, the day he left. The world is run by brutal men and the surest proof is their armies. If they ask you to stand still, you should dance. If they ask you to burn the flag, wave it. If they ask you to murder, re-create. Theorem, anti-theorem, corollary, anti-corollary. Underline it twice. It’s all there in the numbers. Listen to your mother. Listen to me, Joshua. Look me in the eyes. I have something to tell you.
Harold Bloom|Reading well is one of the great pleasuresthat solitude can afford you, because it isat least in my experience, the most healing of pleasures.
Robert Frost|The art of effective listening is essential to clear communication, and clear communication is necessary to management success.
shuhab|If I were rich, I would buy him a new black suit. ... If I had next week's allowance and had not spent this week's on three Cherry Flips ...
Jim Butcher, The Aeronaut's Windlass|When it comes to doing something about what is wrong in the world, Jesus is best known for his fondness for the minute, the invisible, the quiet, the slow – yeast, salt, seeds, light. And manure.
Paul Bowles, The Spider's House|Progress is in simplification, which often follows complexity.
Samuel Johnson, The Life of Samuel Johnson Including a Journal of a Tour to the Hebrides, Vol 2|Knowledge is of two kinds. We know a subject ourselves, or we know where we can find information upon it. When we enquire into any subject, the first thing we have to do is to know what books have treated of it. This leads us to look at catalogues, and at the backs of books in libraries.
Gerry Abbey, Cheers, Beers, and Eastern Promise|Somehow, we were passing the boundaries of language and finding clarity in shared thought, even if we were just talking about beer!
Brenda Sutton Rose, Dogwood Blues|The ancients said that for persons who cultivated body and mind, and who are virtuous and honorable, death is an experience of liberation, a long-awaited rest from a lifetime of labors. Death helps the unscrupulous person to put an end to the misery of desire. Death, then, for everyone is a kind of homecoming. That is why the ancient sages speak of a dying person as a person who is 'going home.
Hans Christian Andersen, The Annotated Hans Christian Andersen|To be able to accept everything that comes our way, even the things we don’t want to accept, is the art of Love. However, this acceptance isn’t to become conformists or martyrs. The art of accepting has to do with surrendering the need for control; it’s ceasing the effort to regulate our environment and manipulate the human beings, as well as the other creatures, within it.“When we give up our attachment to the outcome and rest our minds in a peaceful state, then we have a better chance to act free from the results. Such a state of surrender could be described as “just be-ing”.“Whatever happens is an indication that at some level we’re ready for it, or at least we’ve got all the tools required in order to become ready, and face any problem or obstacle that may arise along this path.
Michael  Jackson|We have to heal our wounded world. The chaos, despair, and senseless destruction we see today are a result of the alienation that people feel from each other and their environment.
Nikki Gemmell, The Bride Stripped Bare|Portia remembered her interview in the small office upstairs...in which she had been so shy, so terrified about not being good enough, not getting this thing, this chance, which she had only just discovered she wanted very badly.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We can imprison ourselves with our wants, wishes, and false dreams.
Shawn Lukas|We poetically construct our identity as human beings, together with our values, largely through reciprocal relationships with animals. They provide us with essential points of reference, as well as illustrations of the qualities that we may choose to emulate or avoid in ourselves. Any major change in our relationships with animals, individual or collective, reverberates profoundly in our character as human beings, in ways that go far beyond immediately pragmatic concerns. When a species becomes extinct, something perishes in the human soul as well.
Chinua Achebe|When I work, my first relationship with people is professional.
Alberto Manguel, Stevenson Under the Palm Trees|I know my time will come soon enough, but I will not dwell on it. What is the purpose? We might as well dwell on the work of our teeth or on the mechanics of our walk. It is there, it will always be there, and I don't intend to spend my glorious hours looking over my shoulder to see death's icy face.
Sunday Adelaja|We cannot lose the battle, if we release our faith knowing that God can do a miracle
Jack Benny|Give me golf clubs, fresh air and a beautiful partner, and you can keep the clubs and the fresh air.
Viola Davis|Fishing is very meditative; you need to be able to give up control and cast out the line and then hope for the best, so in that way, it's quite like acting.
E.E. Knight, Dragon Champion|A hot lust for glory, gems, gold or mates,Leads reckless young drakes to the blackest of fates.
Aesop, Aesop's Fables|Once a wolf, always a wolf.
Andrea Febbraio, Viral Video. Content is King, Distribution is Queen|Hitler had had entirely too brilliant a graphics department, and had understood the power of branding all too well.
Chris Cleave, Little Bee|Stories have to be told or they die, and when they die, we can't remember who we are or why we're here.
Antonin Artaud|People feel repressed by their own governments; they feel unfairly treated by the outside world; they wake up in the morning, and who do they see - they see people being shot and killed: all Muslims from Afghanistan, Iraq, Somalia, Sudan, Darfur.
Derek Landy, The Dying of the Light|Some people never go crazy, what truly horrible lives they must live.
Isaac Asimov|I like the way Quentin Tarantino creates a scene using a series of close-ups or showing very cool images of a person or people walking on some ordinary street in slow motion. I wish I could achieve that kind of slow-motion effect in manga, but it's rather difficult to draw; the only things we can play with are tones of black and white.
J. K. Rowling|We've gotta become the Martians. I'm a Martian - I tell you to become Martians. And we've gotta go to Mars and civilize Mars and build a whole civilization on Mars and then move out, 300 years from now into the universe. And when we do that, we have a chance of living forever.
Linda Morris, Melting the Millionaire's Heart|One more salt to try," Kellan said, reaching into the box. He brought a jar of black, flaky crystals up to the light. "Black diamond finishing salt. Extremely rare and too bold for those with meek palates. But, for a true connoisseur, the flavor is incomparable." He lowered her head and torso to the ground and pushed her sweater up to expose her stomach and ribs. "I want to sample it on your skin.
Andrew Root|Justice being taken away, then, what are kingdoms but great robberies? For what are robberies themselves, but little kingdoms?
Baruch Spinoza, Ethics|I don't actually think that ethics are derived from principles. At all." Patricia scooted a little closer again and touched his arm with a few cool fingertips. "I think that the most basic thing of ethics is being aware of how your actions affect others, and having an awareness of what they want and how they feel. And that's always going to depend on who you're dealing with.
William Blake|The tree which moves some to tears of joy is in the eyes of others only a green thing that stands in the way. Some see nature all ridicule and deformity... and some scarce see nature at all. But to the eyes of the man of imagination, nature is imagination itself.
Rupert Dreyfus, Spark|You meet somebody at the seashore on a vacation and have a wonderful time together. Or in a corner at a party, while the glasses clink and somebody beats on a piano, you talk with a stranger whose mind seems to whet and sharpen your own and with whom a wonderful new vista of ideas is spied. Or you share some intense or painful experience with somebody, and discover a deep communion. Then afterward you are sure that when you meet again, the gay companion will give you the old gaiety, the brilliant stranger will stir your mind from its torpor, the sympathetic friend will solace you with the old communion of spirit. But something happens, or almost always happens, to the gaiety, the brilliance, the communion. You remember the individual words from the old language you spoke together , but you have forgotten the grammar. You remember the steps of the dance, but the music isn’t playing any more. So there you are.
James Comey|Semiotics is a general theory of all existing languages... all forms of communication - visual, tactile, and so on... There is general semiotics, which is a philosophical approach to this field, and then there are many specific semiotics.
Toscanini|Music is either good or it isn’t, it’s not someone’s opinion.
Bill Jensen, Future Strong|All the statistics about how many jobs you’ll have over your lifetime… (15-20) and how many companies you’ll work for… while true, completely miss the point! From now on, treat those numbers as red herrings — crucial only to HR directors, leaders and companies who are stuck in the past. The Rule of Disruptive Personal Transformation: Every year, you will experience about 100 significant transformative moments. Most will be thrust upon you by the disruptive churn of our times.Driven, focused people know which 3—5 to seize each year	as crucial to their future.
Charles Pellegrino, Ghosts of the Titanic|For every first-class dog that entered the lifeboats, twenty-nine steerage women and nineteen children died. Emily Badman and Kathy Gilnagh seemed destined to be counted among the lost, having found themselves penned in behind a drawn gate, deep within the stern. An armed, junior officer stood on the other side. "Following orders," he insisted. "It's not time for you to go up.
William Samuel Johnson|The art of Peace I practice has room for each of the world's eight million gods, and I cooperate with them all. The God of Peace is very great and enjoins all that is divine and enlightened in every land.
Santosh Kalwar|If one can know how good a city is by its smell, one should know how good a society is by the women's status.
Joyce Maynard|I have heard people say love is weak but they're wrong--love is strong. In nearly everyone it trumps all other things--patriotism and ambition, religion and upbringing. And of every kind of love--the epic and the small, the noble and the base--the one that a parent has for their child is the greatest of them all.
Nana Awere Damoah, Excursions in my Mind|Just as like finds like, love finds love. Embrace it. Be open and giving. Accept love with kindness, grace, and spirit.
Edgar Allan Poe|Real joy means immediate expansion. If we experience pure joy, immediately our heart expands. We feel that we are flying in the divine freedom-sky. The entire length and breadth of the world becomes ours, not for us to rule over, but as an expansion of our consciousness. We become reality and vastness.
Jonah Lehrer, Imagine: How Creativity Works|Use beautiful to describe a sandwich, and the word means nothing.
Daniel Klein, Travels with Epicurus: A Journey to a Greek Island in Search of a Fulfilled Life|Most humbling of all is to comprehend the lifesaving gift that your pit crew of people has been for you, and all the experiences you have shared, the journeys together, the collaborations, births and deaths, divorces, rehab, and vacations, the solidarity you have shown one another. Every so often you realize that without all of them, your life would be barren and pathetic. It would be Death of a Salesman, though with e-mail and texting.
Cecelia Ahern, Love, Rosie|[The fairy tale] is accused of giving children a false impression of the world they live in. But I think no literature that children could read gives them less of a false impression. I think what profess to be realistic stories for children are far more likely to deceive them. I never expected the real world to be like the fairy tales. I think that I did expect school to be like the school stories. The fantasies did not deceive me: the school stories did. All stories in which children have adventures and successes which are possible, in the sense that they do not break the laws of nature, but almost infinitely improbable, are in more danger than the fairy tales of raising false expectations… This distinction holds for adult reading too. The dangerous fantasy is always superficially realistic. The real victim of wishful reverie does not batten on the Odyssey, The Tempest, or The Worm Ouroboros: he (or she) prefers stories about millionaires, irresistible beauties, posh hotels, palm beaches and bedroom scenes—things that really might happen, that ought to happen, that would have happened if the reader had had a fair chance. For, as I say, there are two kinds of longing. The one is an askesis, a spiritual exercise, and the other is a disease.
Barbara Brown Taylor, Learning to Walk in the Dark|There is a light that shines in the darkness, which is only visible there.
Zoë Marriott|Aside from wanting to write cracking good books that turn children into lifelong readers, I really want to create stories that enable kids to LOOK at the world around them. To see it for what it is, with wide open, wondering eyes. Our mass media is so horribly skewed. It presents this idea of 'normalcy' which excludes and marginalises so many for an idea of commercial viability which is really nothing but blinkered prejudice. People who are black and Asian and Middle Eastern and Hispanic, people who are gay or transgendered or genderqueer, people who have disabilities, disfigurements or illnesses - all have this vision of a world which does not include them shoved down their throats almost 24-7, and they're told 'No one wants to see stories about people like you. Films and TV shows about people like you won't make money. Stories about straight, white, cisgendered, able-bodied people are universal and everyone likes them. You are small and useless and unattractive and you don't matter.'My worry is that this warped version of 'normal' eventually forms those very same blinkers on children's eyes, depriving them of their ability to see anyone who isn't the same as them, preventing them from developing the ability to empathise with and appreciate and take joy in the lives and experiences of people who are different from them. If Shadows on the Moon - or anything I write - causes a young person to look at their own life, or the life of another, and think, 'Maybe being different is cool' I will die a happy writer.-Guest blog - what diversity means to me
Hilary Mantel|I want to know why I'm alive. I want to understand. It's like exploration; it's like someone being interested in a place and its history, digging into the earth and looking for it, searching - it's a passion.
Roland Barthes, Camera Lucida: Reflections on Photography|Another unary photograph is the pornographic photograph (I am not saying the erotic photograph: the erotic is a pornographic that has been disturbed, fissured). Nothing more homogeneous than a pornographic photograph. It is always a naive photograph, without intention and without calculation. Like a shop window which shows only one illuminated piece of jewelry, it is completely constituted by the presentation of only one thing: sex: no secondary, untimely object ever manages to half conceal, delay, or distract... A proof a contrario: Mapplethorpe shifts his close-ups of genitalia from the pornographic to the erotic by photographing the fabric of underwear at very close range: the photograph is no longer unary, since I am interested in the texture of the material. The presence (the dynamics) of this blind field is, I believe, what distinguishes the erotic photograph from the pornographic photograph. Pornography ordinarily represents the sexual organs, making them into a motionless object (a fetish), flattered like an idol that does not leave its niche; for me, there is no punctum in the pornographic image; at most it amuses me (and even then, boredom follows quickly). The erotic photograph, on the contrary (and this is its very condition), does not make the sexual organs into a central object; it may very well not show them at all; it takes the spectator outside its frame, and it is there that I animate this photograph and that it animates me.
Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose|Even the most sadistic and destructive man is human, as human as the saint.
Dennis Prager, Still the Best Hope: Why the World Needs American Values to Triumph|There once was a kindly farmer who found a viper freezing on the ground in the snow. Please help me, the poor creature said, for I am too cold to live. The farmer took the viper and put it inside of his shirt, and the viper began to warm itself and come alive again. But upon coming alive, it bit the farmer most wretchedly, and as the farmer died, he asked the viper, but why? Why when I was so trusting of you?Because I am a viper, the snake replied. And one cannot expect kindness from evil.
Dan  Harmon|To be a librarian is not to be neutral, or passive, or waiting for a question. It is to be a radical positive change agent within your community.
West and Harrison|...in pure mathematics the mind deal only with its own creations and imaginations. The concepts of number and form have not been derived from any source other than the world of reality. The ten fingers on which men learned to count, that is, to carry out the first arithmetical operation, may be anything else, but they are certainly not only objects that can be counted, but also the ability to exclude all properties of the objects considered other than their number-and this ability is the product of a long historical evolution based on experience. Like the idea of number, so the idea of form is derived exclusively from the external world, and does not arise in the mind as a product of pure thought.
Clive Barker, Mister B. Gone|And when it comes, her kiss is like something not so much felt as found.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In every day life, I try to communicate to sacred strangers in the bus, street, trains, neighbourhood, offices, shops, library, schools, university, colleagues…!
Lorraine Zago Rosenthal, Other Words for Love|I thought he should have realized sooner that important people don't show up very often, and you should hold on to them when they do. Maybe I was smarter than he was all along, because that was something I'd always known.
Taylor Swift, Taylor Swift: Speak Now|It's alright, just wait and see, your string of lights is still bright to me. Who you are is not where you've been. You're still an innocent. It's okay life is a tough crowd, 32 is still growing up now.
Kevin Crossley-Holland, Heartsong|Everything, I thought, everything keeps changing. Changing shape, changing colour, changing sound.
Timothy Joshua|You only spoke a single line,yet it felt like a life sentence.
Aaron Schock|Across Africa there is what I call a colonialist mentality or orthodoxy. Orthodoxy in the sense that a lot of things have gone wrong in Africa in the post-colonial period. And time and time again, any time something went wrong, the leadership claims that it was never their fault.
Sunday Adelaja|Until we realize that we are the children of the Almighty God and start acting like His representatives on the earth, nothing will change in our country
Debasish Mridha|The vastness of your imagination depends on the level of your consciousness, the power of your awareness, and the deepness of your perception.
Stephen R. Donaldson, Lord Foul's Bane|A real man—real in all the ways that we recognize as real—finds himself suddenly abstracted from the world and deposited in a physical situation which could not possibly exist: sounds have aroma, smells have color and depth, sights have texture, touches have pitch and timbre. There he is informed by a disembodied voice that he has been brought to that place as a champion for his world. He must fight to the death in single combat against a champion from another world. If he is defeated, he will die, and his world—the real world—will be destroyed because it lacks the inner strength to survive.The man refuses to believe that what he is told is true. He asserts that he is either dreaming or hallucinating, and declines to be put in the false position of fighting to the death where no "real" danger exists. He is implacable in his determination to disbelieve his apparent situation, and does not defend himself when he is attacked by the champion of the other 
Ron Kind|My actions constituted pure hacking that resulted in relatively trivial expenses for the companies involved, despite the government's false claims.
James C. Dobson|Just continue to "walk in the light" you have been given, and leave the future in God's hands. If He is calling you to do a job, He will make it possible for you to care for your family and overcome any other barriers to that responsibility.
Shannon L. Alder|The real warriors in this world are the ones that see the details of another's soul. They see the transparency behind walls people put up. They stand on the battlefield of life and expose their heart's transparency, so other's can finish the day with hope. They are the sensitive souls that understand that before they could be a light they first had to feel the burn.
Auliq Ice|Sending everything they touch to the grave is what they do, but they don't see it as a grave mistake, yet.
Judy Gold|For me, humor is everything!
Mari Mancusi, Boys that Bite|O-kay. Kind of freaky. I’m now standing in an actual tomb, in pitch darkness, with only a vampire to keep me company. Last week if you’d sworn on a stack of Bibles that I’d be okay with all of this, I wouldn’t have believed you.
Judith Viorst|What is life," he asked the maiden, "without love? I would ratherhave this one night with you than another thousand years.
Junot Díaz|So in this Hemisphere when the moon goes down, I sit in one of those all-night-into-mornings cafes, watching short short skies below the skyscrapers and low-rises and sense the big turntables turning and the roadies setting up from stadium to stadium from L.A. to New York and all north and south and east and west and in between – and i know there must be a lot of kids who aren't sleeping but listening to their muse – iPad-ing and YouTubing...and the final shore ain't no shore at all but a long ether cable cyperspacing us together – cutting the continent in half.
Angelos Michalopoulos, The Dream That Dared to Become a Man|When I learned how to calculate, I stopped counting. When I learned how to smile, I stopped being afraid. When I learned to understand what my cowardice wants from me, I stopped retreating.
Nicki Elson, Divine Temptation|Kent steepled his fingers in consideration. Blood-red rubies flashed in the sunlight, like the eyes of a demon clutched in his hands.
Ann Radcliffe, A Sicilian Romance|There was just something about a Delta boy. Physically, they were as good as men came. But add the whole warrior, protector, save-the-world attitude. Yeah, it worked for her.
Sun Yat-sen|In terms of environmental impact, Samasource jobs are very green. Our product is human intelligence, and it's transported through the Internet rather than via carbon-intensive trucking, shipping, and warehousing.
Peter Straub, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from Poe to the Pulps|From a tale one expects a bit of wildness, of exaggeration and dramatic effect. The tale has no inherent concern with decorum, balance or harmony. ... A tale may not display a great deal of structural, psychological, or narrative sophistication, though it might possess all three, but it seldom takes its eye off its primary goal, the creation of a particular emotional state in its reader. Depending on the tale, that state could be wonder, amazement, shock, terror, anger, anxiety, melancholia, or the momentary frisson of horror.
Bipasha Basu|The wedding ring on my left hand was bought by my grandfather, Samuel Miliband, in Brussels in 1920. I never knew him, as he died when I was one. But his ring was kept by my aunt until it was placed on my finger by my wife Louise 32 years later.
Christine Lewry, Thin Wire: A Mother's Journey Through Her Daughter's Heroin Addiction|Sitting on the train I watch the scenery speeding by, notice a cobweb in the top corner of the window, undulating with a gentle breeze I can’t feel. I lean back in my seat and take my book out of the carrier bag. Turning it over in my hand, it feels warm. It feels how I want to feel; full of knowledge, full of the future.The time I’ve spent staying in bed smoking dope I’ve been hibernating, recuperating and gaining strength. I’m weak socially, but being away from other drug users has made me resilient. It’s allowed my mind and body to heal and mend. As if the winter is over, I’ve come out stronger now. I’m on my own. I have the choice of what to do with my life.I’m going to stay clean. I’m going to be the woman I can be.
serge jerkezian|Struggling alone, like the everyday and ending with the same fate.
Adalbert Stifter, Indian Summer|Between the wrinkles of age and her features which indicated a number of years resided a beauty that was touching and awakened trust. Since by now I had observed many faces quite closely in order to sketch them, I fully realized that it was more than mere beauty, it was the soul which shone through so kindly and self-contained, which had such a striking effect on whoever came into contact with her.
M. Basil Pennington, A Place Apart: Monastic Prayer and Practice for Everyone|In the silence, whether we listen to the creation around us, the words of revelation, or the deepest stirrings of our own hearts, we begin to perceive another voice, one that is too often lost in the static of life. It is no use saying: ”Speak, Lord, your servant wants to hear,” if We never risk the silence to listen. 48
W.E.B. Du Bois, The Wisdom of W.E.B. Du Bois|There is no such thing as a "just" war. It's just war. And it's antithetical to the Gospel.
Michael Bassey Johnson|The most precious etchings of caring can be traced not in the scope of its message, but in the integrity of its purpose.
Rodney Ulyate|The law is not designed to make us honorable, only bearable.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Decision is the wing that makes dreams to go and grow and flow and fly. No decision, no fulfilled destiny!
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Live your life, sing your song. Not full of expectations. Not for the ovations. But for the joy of it.
Connie Willis, The Winds of Marble Arch and Other Stories|Actually, writers have no business writing about their own works. They either wax conceited, saying things like: 'My brilliance is possibly most apparent in my dazzling short story, "The Cookiepants Hypotenuse."' Or else they get unbearably cutesy: 'My cat Ootsywootums has given me all my best ideas, hasn't oo, squeezums?
Arthur C. Clarke|Stability,” insisted the Controller, “stability. The primal and the ultimate need. Stability. Hence all this.
Mitchel Musso|I can't wait for summer in the city! I love all the free activities in the parks that become available to us New Yorkers. Yoga and movie screenings in Bryant Park, concerts in Central Park - there's so much more available to the New York community in the summer! And everyone just seems to smile more.
Hunter S. Thompson, Hell's Angels: A Strange and Terrible Saga|This reasonable moderator, and equal piece of justice, Death.
Evita Ochel, Healing & Prevention Through Nutrition: A Holistic Approach to Eating and Living for Optimal Health, Weight, and Wellness|When we assess someone's life or health on the basis of surface-level observations or passing comments, it presents us with a very flawed version of reality.
Yuval Noah Harari, Homo Deus: A Brief History of Tomorrow|China the Communist Party still pays lip service to traditional Marxist–Leninist ideals, but in practice it is guided by Deng Xiaoping’s famous maxims that ‘development is the only hard truth’ and that ‘it doesn’t matter if a cat is black or white, so long as it catches mice’. Which means, in plain language: do anything it takes to promote economic growth, even if Marx and Lenin wouldn’t have been happy with it. In Singapore, as befits that no-nonsense city state, they followed this line of thinking even further, and pegged ministerial salaries to the national GDP. When the Singaporean economy grows, ministers get a raise, as if that is what their job is all about
Ashtavakra Gita|Trying to think the unthinkable, is doing something unnatural to thought.
Tomson Highway|There's a major fault in Western society. It makes room for only one god, and in only one gender. There's no balance, no co-existence, no partnership.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The greatest self are self-improvement, self-development and self-discovery.
Antoni Gaudi|When God sneezed, I didn't know what to say.
Alicen Grey, Wolves and Other Nightmares|When we hear these kinds of excuses from a drunk, we assume they are exactly that—excuses. We don’t consider an active alcoholic a reliable source of insight. So why should we let an angry and controlling man be the authority on partner abuse?
Abhijit Naskar|To become the best terrorists of your kind, it will take about 30,000 hours on focused practice. How you think of achieving a goal is not the same as how you want to achieve a goal. Not everything you think about is done the right way it should be done.
Daniel  Amos, Vox Humana|Study the sky but never love it,” Father had told Astraia and me a thousand times. “It is our prison and the symbol of our captor.
Chuck Palahniuk, Romance|The only really sane person in there is Igor, and possibly the turnip. And I'm not sure about the turnip.
Ariana Grande|So, no, this conversation is about gender. Some people will say, "Oh, but women have the real power: bottom power." (This is a Nigerian expression for a woman who uses her sexuality to get things from men.) But bottom power is not power at all, because the woman with bottom power is actually not powerful; she just has a good route to tap another person's power. And then what happens if the man is in a bad mood or sick or temporarily impotent?
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|While we watched without comprehension, she moved away to where none of us wanted to follow. Ruth May shrank back through the narrow passage between this brief fabric of light and all the rest of what there is for us: the long waiting. Now she will wait the rest of the time. It will be exactly as long as the time that passed before she was born.
Ronald Reagan|More than a decade ago, a Supreme Court decision literally wiped off the books of fifty states statutes protecting the rights of unborn children. Abortion on demand now takes the lives of up to 1.5 million unborn children a year. Human life legislation ending this tragedy will some day pass the Congress, and you and I must never rest until it does. Unless and until it can be proven that the unborn child is not a living entity, then its right to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness must be protected.
Michelle R. Hebl|If you aren’t paranoid before you arrive in this city, give it a few weeks and you will soon notice it creeping in, dripping into your subconscious like a leaky tap. The trick is not to give a flying fuck what anyone thinks about you, and if you are in the right frame of mind this can be an easy trick to perform but if not you’ll soon notice that for a city full of people who do a great Stevie Wonder impersonation when it comes to the homeless and beggars and casual violence towards others, wearing the wrong kind of shoes or a cheap suit brings out a sneering, hateful attitude that can have weaker minded individuals locked in their houses for weeks before harassing their doctors for prescriptions of Prozac and Beta blockers just to make it out the front door.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|Every act of will is an act of self-limitation. To desire action is to desire limitation. In that sense, every act is an act of self-sacrifice. When you choose anything, you reject everything else.
James Dashner, The Maze Runner|Shouldn't someone give a pep talk or something?" Minho asked, pulling Thomas's attention away from Alby."Go ahead," Newt replied.Minho nodded and faced the crowd. "Be careful," he said dryly. "Don't die.
Aldous Huxley, Complete Essays 1, 1920-25|If stupidity got us in this mess, how come it can't get us out.
Raphael Zernoff|Although others can devalue who we are and what we do it is entirely up to us, whether we accept or reject it. Whenever we disagree with the offered opinion we can thank for it and then move on. There is no need to prove at all that we have a different perception of ourselves from what we are being offered.
George Carlin, Brain Droppings|When you become a teenager, you step onto a bridge. You may already be on it. The opposite shore is adulthood. Childhood lies behind. The bridge is made of wood. As you cross, it burns behind you
William Arthur Ward|The unthankful heart discovers no mercies; but the thankful heart will find, in every hour, some heavenly blessings.
Stephanie Vaughn, Sweet Talk|We awoke to a fabulation of ice, the sun shining like a weapon, light rocketing off every surface except the surfaces of the Army's clean streets and walks.
James Patterson, Cat and Mouse|The Chinese had a saying that had been in her mind for a while, troubling her: Society prepares the crime; the criminal only commits it.
Joanne Woodward|Teenagers, especially girl ones, seem like the perfect canary-in-the-coal-mine characters to me. They capture American culture and its perversion, its hypocrisy - how absorbed we are with youth and beauty and sexualized imagery, for instance, while preaching abstinence and modesty.
Edward P. Jones, The Known World|[He] went on to tell her that certain work songs made the work a little easier, but that there were others, depending upon the time of day, that dragged a body down, so 'you just gotta be careful with your songs and your hummin' and whatnot.
Carol Shields|Women were supposed to be strong, but they weren't really, they weren't allowed to be.
Dora J. Arod, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you. We were ice fishing in my freezer. I caught a few cold beers, and you wondered if we should drink them, or throw them back because they were babies. 
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The moment we take our last breath on earth, we take our first in heaven.
Oliver Cowdery|Man may deceive his fellow-men, deception may follow deception, and the children of the wicked one may have power to seduce the foolish and untaught, till naught but fiction feeds the many, and the fruit of falsehood carries in its current the giddy to the grave; but one touch with the finger of his love, yes, one ray of glory from the upper world, or one word from the mouth of the Savior, from the bosom of eternity, strikes it all into insignificance, and blots it forever from the mind. (Messenger and Advocate Oct 1934 pp 14-16)
Anthony T. Hincks|Jobs obsessed over every aspect of the new building, from the overall concept to the tiniest detail regarding materials and construction. "Steve had this firm belief that the right kind of building can do great things for a culture," said Pixar's president Ed Catmull. Jobs controlled the creation of the building as if he were a director sweating each scene of a film. "The PIxar building was Steve's own movie," Lasseter said.
Milton Berle|I was eating in a Chinese restaurant downtown. There was a dish called Mother and Child Reunion. It's chicken and eggs. And I said, I gotta use that one.
Aman Jassal, Rainbow - the shades of love|Learn to handle books, you will learn how to enjoy life.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|My thoughts were interrupted when I heard someone got slapped. By the sound alone, one could tell that it was a hard one. I figured whoever got slapped had to be close by, so I spun around in search of this person who had just gotten the daylights slapped out of them, only to discover that the person was me.
Michael Leunig|Thinking is more interesting than knowing, but less interesting than looking.
Atticus Shaffer|At the beginning of the new century, it is the common aspiration of the peoples of the two countries to deepen mutual understanding, enhance trust, develop friendship and strengthen cooperation.
Milton Friedman|All the president is, is a glorified public relations man who spends his time flattering, kissing, and kicking people to get them to do what they are supposed to do anyway.
John Cage, M: Writings '67-'72|A universal truth of bicycling is this - pain is inevitable, suffering is optional.
L. David Marquet|If you want people to to think, give them intent, not instruction.
Bill Gaede, Why God Doesn't Exist|If you can't illustrate 'it', 'it' doens't belong in Physics as a noun! You can't put an article in front. You can't put a verb after!
Adam Rex, The True Meaning of Smekday|Did you never wonder why the old books are so full of dragons chasing after maidens? The serpents think the girls are orphans, and long to get them away in a lair so that they may grow up strong and tall.
Michael Bassey Johnson|The massive lump of flesh that has created you, me, and maybe, animals, everything that has life will forever live.
Awdhesh Singh, The Secret Red Book of Leadership|There is a leader in every manager, there is not a manager in every leader.
William Arthur Ward|One of the greatest attacks of the enemy is to make you busy, to make you hurried, to make you noisy, to make you distracted, to fill the people of God and the Church of God with so much noise and activity that there is no room for prayer. There is no room for being alone with God. There is no room for silence. There is no room for meditation.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|I feel like myself, strong and weak at once - allowed, at least for a little while, to be both.
Oswald Chambers|Worship is giving God the best that He has given you. Be careful what you do with the best you have, Whenever you get a blessing from God, give it back to Him as a love gift. Take time to meditate before God and offer the blessing back to Him in a deliberate act of worship.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|I have told my sons that they are not under any circumstances to take part in massacres, and that the news of massacres of enemies is not to fill them with satisfaction or glee. I have also told them not to work for companies which make massacre machinery, and to express contempt for people who think we need machinery like that.
Michel de Montaigne|Lines are drawn, but then they fade. For her I bend, for you I break.
Kingsley Opuwari Manuel|At the core of the heart of an atheist is a heart that doesn't deny the existence, sovereignty and power of God but it chooses deliberately not to believe it for a long while.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|When you are clear on your calling, you command the universe to submit to your voice
Rebecca McNutt, Super 8: The Sequel to Smog City|Hey Alecto, film this!” she called out. With the slide being as tall as a two-storey house, it felt slightly risky being up there. “On second thought, why don’t you come up here? It’s a blast being up here.”“I don’t really like to be in high places,” said Alecto as he filmed her, the camera lens reflecting the entire playground, which was partially secluded by tall trees that cast otherworldly shadows dancing across the ground.“If you don’t like being in high places, then why’d you take so many drugs in the seventies?” Mandy questioned jokingly. “Do you want me to go up there and push you off the top of that slide?” Alecto threatened coldly.“You’d never do that, we’re best friends!” Mandy pointed out. She reached over and picked a bright red maple flower from one of the long branches of the trees, tossing it down to him. “Even in this failing 21st century, where people are cell phone addicts and crude humor and violence is the norm, even when society falls apart and drowns in its own mistakes, we’ll still be best friends!” She looked incredibly eccentric, never mind the fact that she was an adult woman wearing a trippy rainbow Pucci dress from the 1970’s, standing on top of a slide at a children’s playground. Alecto didn’t seem to mind, he just continued to film her with his camera like she’d asked him to.
Lydia Davis, Can't and Won't: Stories|Sometimes the grief was nearby, waiting, just barely held back, and I could ignore it for a while. But at other times it was like a cup that was always full and kept spilling over.
Maia Duerr, Work That Matters: Create a Livelihood That Reflects Your Core Intention|The practice of mindfulness is one of the most powerful reset buttons we have. When we learn how to slow down internally, we begin to see our habitual reactive patterns. We start to understand how fear, even on subtle levels, may dictate our choices around our work.
David Platt, Follow Me: A Call to Die. A Call to Live.|The sight of big ships, of the many new uniforms, at once serious and cool, left Bush with an overall sense of the navy's power and camaraderie and purpose.
Arzum Uzun|Her tears still lay, unattended, on my bosom...I wouldn't wipe them, for she might stop paying me visits.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Without challenges, we fail to wonder.
Ilsa J. Bick, Ashes|You want to brawl. You want to fight. Fighting tricks you into believing you can change the past, even when the past is dead and gone and all of it ashes.
Diego Rivera, My Art, My Life|From sunrise to sunset, I was in the forest, sometimes far from the house, with my goat who watched me as a mother does a child. All the animals in the forest became my friends, even dangerous and poisonous ones. Thanks to my goat-mother and my Indian nurse, I have always enjoyed the trust of animals--a precious gift. I still love animals infinitely more than human beings.
Bryan Cranston, A Life in Parts|Are You a Parent or a Bully? Mentally and physically abusing your children is NOT okay. Real parenting does NOT consist of bullying your children, belittling your children, manipulating your children, beating your children, or cursing at your children. Children are a blessing! Many women can’t get pregnant and/or carry to term. Think about that! Parenting should be taken seriously. Children need LOVE, support, and guidance, NOT a bully! Children shouldn’t fear their parents. It’s important to create healthy relationships with your children, seriously.
Michael Tilson Thomas|In my teaching, I enjoyed creating models to clearly communicate my thoughts.
Mommy Moo Moo|Connecting people with people, people with nature, and people with the earth.
Michael Jackson|I have heartaches, I have blues. No matter what you got, the blues is there. 'Cause that's all I know - the blues. And I can sing the blues so deep until you can have this room full of money and I can give you the blues.
Francis Chan, Multiply: Disciples Making Disciples|And Sometimes they see themselves as the problem. this is close to the truth, but not close enough. The problem is in us, but it isn't in how we appear or even in how we behave. It's much deeper than that. The Gospel informs us that the real problem is sin, our unbelief in God.
Paddy Chayefsky, Network [Screenplay]|That should have been my strategy! By the time I’ve worked through the emotions of surprise, admiration, anger, jealousy, and frustration, I’m watching that reddish mane of hair disappear into the trees well out of shooting range.
FRIENDSHIP: A True Story of Adventure, Goodwill, and Endurance.|We came from different backgrounds; he was white from privileged class in America, and I black from a village in Africa, but he was kind generous, and he reached out to this young poor black boy. He changed the odds against me. Our friendship rose above race.
Ralph Alfred Habas, The Art of Self-Control|This is the best possible way to retain important details that you wish to remember in any unified field of knowledge, whether it be the field of economics, science, history, or any other--link them up with related items which you already know or wouldn't mind knowing.
Ibrahim Khidair Ali|Imagine life as ... black can become white, and white can become black. But white can remain if you show love and respect.
Leo Tolstoy|Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
Kiersten White, And I Darken|Religion was a means to an end. She had seen it wielded as a weapon. If she needed to use it, she would, but she would never allow herself to be used by it.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|To laugh often and much;to win the respect of intelligent peopleand the affection of children,to leave the world a better place,to know even one life has breathed easierbecause you have lived,this is to have succeeded.
Cheryl Strayed, Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail|Very nice," said Rick after a while. "Very nice," he repeated, with more emphasis the second time. "What is?" I asked, turning to him, though I knew. "Everything," he said. And it was true.
Jim Morrison|When you start with a necessary evil, and then over time the necessity passes away, what's left?
Mary Kay Ash|If I have seen further than others, it is by standing upon the shoulders of giants.
Samuel Beckett, Watt|I dare say there's many a woman makes as sad a mistake as I have done, and only finds it out too late.
Jeanette Winterson, Written on the Body|When I say 'I will be true to you' I am drawing a quiet space beyond the reach of other desires. No-one can legislate love; it cannot be given orders or cajoled into service. Love belongs to itself, deaf to pleading and unmoved by violence. Love is not something you can negotiate. Love is the one thing stronger than desire and the only proper reason to resist temptation....When I say 'I will be true to you' I must mean it in spite of the formalities, instead of the formalities.
Allen Ginsberg, Howl and Other Poems|It seems we've been at cross purposes, doesn't it? But it's no use now. As long as there was Bonnie, there was a chance that we might be happy. I liked to think that Bonnie was you, a little girl again, before the war, and poverty had done things to you. She was so like you, and I could pet her, and spoil her, as I wanted to spoil you. But when she went, she took everything.
Derek B. Miller, Norwegian by Night|it is all clearer now than it was then. Rhea would say it is the vivid fabrications of an ageing mind. More likely, though, it is the clarity that comes from ageing - from the natural process of releasing the mind from imagined futures, and allow the present and paste to take their rightful place at the centre of our attention. The past is palpable to Sheldon now, in the way the future is to the young. It is either a brief curse or a gift before oblivion.
Sally Brampton, Shoot the Damn Dog: A Memoir of Depression|A friend called the other day.'How are you?' she said.The sun was shining, the sky a merciless blue. It was only eleven in the morning but I had been awake since three twenty. I was in bed because, as usual, I could think of nowhere else to go. I said that I was feeling low. Low is the depressive's euphemism for despair.She said: 'How can you be depressed on a day like this?'I wanted to say: 'If I had flu, would you ask me how I could be sick on a day like this?
Garth Risk Hallberg|I was hell-bent on being an effective humanitarian in Cambodia and Somalia. But a naïve fog is finally lifting. Revealed is a train wreck of illusions, the depravity of someone else's war, the futility of a competence stillborn there. To understand this you have to become this.
Flannery O'Connor|It seems that the fiction writer has a revolting attachment to the poor, for even when he writes about the rich, he is more concerned with what they lack than with what they have.
Christene Houston, A Heart So Broken|If you're too busy being angry at the world, don't be surprised when the world returns serve.
D.F.   Jones, Anna's Way|Raphael said, “There are no tears in Heaven, no chances of a broken heart. Maybe being witness to great love is why I love coming to Earth. And maybe true love is why some angels choose to stay.
Linda Hogan, Dwellings: A Spiritual History of the Living World|We are looking for a tongue that speaks with reverence for life, searching for an ecology of mind. Without it, we have no home, no place of our own within the creation. It is not only the vocabulary of science we desire. We want a language of that different yield. A yield rich as the harvests of the earth, a yield that returns us to our own sacredness, to a self-love and resort that will carry out to others.
Maisie16|Some people tire me emotionally, not that they personally do anything to me, but their presence. Their presence sometimes is so heavy on the heart, and I just feel smothered by them.
Herbert Gold|The ultimate aim of the human mind, in all its efforts, is to become acquainted with Truth.
Wayne Gretzky|I love eating it - grilled chicken, pasta, rice, and other foods that give me long term energy. Every once in a while, my sweet tooth gets the best of me and I have to snack on some candy. Beverage wise, I stick to sports drinks, water, milk, and juice.
Winston S. Churchill|Writing a long and substantial book is like having a friend and companion at your side, to whom you can always turn for comfort and amusement, and whose society becomes more attractive as a new and widening field of interest is lighted in the mind.
Edna St. Vincent Millay|Where you used to be, there is a hole in the world, which I find myself constantly walking around in the daytime, and falling in at night. I miss you like hell.
Catherine LaRoche, Master of Love|Sighing, she headed back to work. She braced herself to lift the heavy lid of yet another trunk. The sight inside curled a small smile onto her lips, as it had with every trunk she’d pried open this morning.Books. More beautiful, precious books.
Ben Aaronovitch, Whispers Under Ground|This is why magic is worse even than quantum physics. Because, while both spit in the eye of common sense, I've never yet had a Higgs bosun turn up and try to have a conversation with me.
Tom Deaderick, Flightpack|It is as hard for our children to believe that we are not omnipotent as it is for us to know it, as parents. But that knowledge is necessary as the first step in the reassessment of power as something other than might, age, privilege, or the lack of fear. It is an important step for a boy, whose societal destruction begins when he is forced to believe that he can only be strong if he doesn't feel, or if he wins.
Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|Prime numbers are useful for writing codes and in America they are classed as Military Material and if you find one over 100 digits you have to tell the CIA and they buy it off you for $10,000. But it would not be a very good way of making a living.
Stanley Victor Paskavich, Stantasyland: Quips Quotes and Quandaries|Oh, let what I am keep on existing and ceasing to exist,and let my obedience align itself with such iron      conditionsthat the quaking of deaths and of births doesn't shakethe deep place I want to reserve for myself eternally.
Nikki Rowe|I don't belong in this world, I am merely a traveller passing through, I repudiate to silence my thought, because they fear my light.
Lily James|There's nothing more, nothing better in life to wake up in the morning, look at yourself in the mirror, and feel comfortable with yourself and who you are.
Jeaniene Frost, Halfway to the Grave|Cat, hmmm? From where I sit you look more like a Kitten."My head jerked around and I shot him an annoyed look. Oh, I was going to enjoy this, all right. "It's Cat," I repeated firmly. "Cat Raven.""Whatever you say, Kitten Tweedy.
Prakash Hegade|Sometimes, I think how stupid I was yesterday. Then I look at people who still are, even today!
Kristin Cashore, Graceling|Music, uniquely among the arts, is both completely abstract and profoundly emotional. It has no power to represent anything particular or external, but it has a unique power to express inner states or feelings. Music can pierce the heart directly; it needs no mediation.
Meg Jay, The Defining Decade: Why Your Twenties Matter--And How to Make the Most of Them Now|Ian pretended that not knowing what to do was the hard part when, somewhere inside, I think he knew that making a choice about something is when the real uncertainty begins. The more terrifying uncertainty is wanting something and not knowing how to get it. It is working toward something even though there is no sure thing. When we make choices, we open ourselves up to hard work and failure and heartbreak, so sometimes it feels easier not to know, not to choose, and not to do.
Reba McEntire|Living might mean taking chances, but they're worth taking. Loving might be a mistake. but its worth making
William Barrett, The Illusion of Technique: A Search for Meaning in a Technological Civilization|Even if there were no ear for them but the void, our prayers would still be the only things that sanctify our existence.
Ally Condie, Matched|Cassia.I know which life is my real one now, no matter what happens. It’s the one with you. For some reason, knowing that even one person knows my story makes things different. Maybe it’s like the poem says. Maybe this is my way of not going gentle.I love you. (Ky Markham)
Stefan Emunds, Genesis|And our Divine Parents have been molding God Child’s soul from stardust. And They have been breathing life-breath into its nose, and God Child’s soul has been existing as a Soul of Life.
Kevin Brooks, Lucas|We sat in silence for a while. I gazed through the window at the night sky, wondering idly at all that space, all that blackness, all that nothing, and as I sat there looking up at the emptiness I began thinking about the creek, the hills, the woods, the water... how everything goes around and around and never really changes. How life recycles everything it uses. How the end product of one process becomes the starting point of another, how each generation of living things depends on the chemicals released by the generations that have proceeded it... I don't know why I was thinking about it. It just seemed to occur to me.
Camron Wright, The Rent Collector|Sang Ly, we are literature-our lives, our hopes, our desires, our despairs, our passions, our strengths, our weaknesses. Stories express our longing not only to make a difference today but to see what is possible for tomorrow. Literature has been called a handbook for the art of being human.
Robert Glover, No More Mr. Nice Guy: A Proven Plan for Getting What You Want in Love, Sex, and Life|In general, people are not drawn to perfection in others. People are drawn to shared interests, shared problems, and an individual's life energy.Humans connect with humans. Hiding one's humanity and trying to project an image of perfection makes a person vague, slippery, lifeless, and uninteresting.
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|The monks' response was to climb into their curraghs and row off toward Greenland. They were drawn across the storm-racked ocean, drawn west past the edge of the known world, by nothing more than a hunger of the spirit, a yearning of such queer intensity that it beggars the modern imagination.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|When someone places more value in saving money, than the value they place in saving Life, they have “misplaced” their values.
Bella Andre, Come A Little Bit Closer|When the Pawn Hits the Conflicts He Thinks Like a King What He Knows Throws the Blows When He Goes to the Fight and He'll Win the Whole Thing 'Fore He Enters the Ring There's No Body to Batter When Your Mind Is Your Might So When You Go Solo, You Hold Your Own Hand and Remember That Depth Is the Greatest of Heights and If You Know Where You Stand, Then You Know Where to Land and If You Fall It Won't Matter, Cuz You'll Know That You're Right
Franco Santoro|Pain and grief have been kept buried for ages, bred in secrecy and shame, wrapped by an ongoing conspiracy of smiles and well-being. Pain and grief are most healing and ecstatic emotions. Yes, sure, they can be hard, yet what makes them most devastating is the perverted idea that they are wrong, that they need to be hidden and fixed. The greatest perversion I can conceive is the idea that illness and pain are a sign that there is something wrong in our life, that we have unresolved issues, that we have made mistakes. In this world everyone is bound to get ill, experience pain and die. The greatest gift I can give to myself and the world is the joyful acceptance of this. Today I want to be real, I will not hide my pain as well as my happiness. I will not care if my gloomy face or desperate words cause concern or embarrassment in others. I do not need be fed with reassuring words about the beauty of life. The beauty of life resides in the full acceptance of All That Is.
Arthur P. Ciaramicoli, The Stress Solution: Using Empathy and Cognitive Behavioral Therapy to Reduce Anxiety and Develop Resilience|What do you want to say to me?’‘Nothing—just to talk about the profession I am entering. I am about to practice virtue in order to find a man who loves it only to destroy it' [replied Mademoiselle Vesian.]‘That is it exactly; and believe me, everything in this life is much the same. We refer everything to ourselves, and each of us is a tyrant. That is why the best of mortals is he who is tolerant.
Michelle Sagara|Whatever this is that I am, it is a little flesh and breath, and the ruling part. Throw away thy books; no longer distract thyself: it is not allowed; but as if thou wast now dying, despise the flesh; it is blood and bones and a network, a contexture of nerves, veins, and arteries. See the breath also, what kind of a thing it is, air, and not always the same, but every moment sent out and again sucked in. The third then is the ruling part: consider thus: Thou art an old man; no longer let this be a slave, no longer be pulled by the strings like a puppet to unsocial movements, no longer be either dissatisfied with thy present lot, or shrink from the future.
Ai Weiwei|Many people think they want things, but they don't really have the strength, the discipline. They are weak. I believe that you get what you want if you want it badly enough.
Cliff Shaw|Communication is very important. And the arts do that, whether it's film or theater.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|Exfiltrated metadata from internet service providers and social media platforms can be plugged into big data analytics and once the right algorithm is applied, can allow an adversary surgically precise psychographic targeting of critical infrastructure executives with elevated privileges. Why is no one talking about this?
John Green, Paper Towns|People are so obsessed with that these days. As long as you're healthy, what difference do a few pounds make? Crazy diets. Thirteen-year-old girls on magazine covers who wind up in hospitals because they're so anorexic. Real women don't look like that. And who wants them to? No one wants a woman who looks sick or like she;s been from a refugee camp.
Shannon L. Alder|Empowered Women 101: Only an insecure woman with control issues will look outside her relationship and say other people are to blame for her husband's lack of focus, love and respect. A real woman knows that the problem isn't other people; it is her man. If he truly loved you he wouldn't have ever made you an option and went looking for what he felt you didn't have. Don't waste your time trying to convince someone to see your worth by destroying others. There will always be someone prettier, smarter, more spiritual and more accomplished than you to distract this person. A real woman knows her worth and will never have to train anyone to recognize it.
Santosh Lamichhane, Porridge Eaters and Gruel Drinkers: A Nepali Poetry Collection|Even in solitude,silence stays,like a loyal supporter,with its unbroken presence.
Ed Catmull, Creativity, Inc.: Overcoming the Unseen Forces That Stand in the Way of True Inspiration|In friendship, we are all debtors. We all owe each other for a thousand small kindnesses, for little moments of grace in the chaos.
Joe Reyes, Aftermath|Honor,” I said with a snort. “Honor has no place in survival.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|It takes a leader to create the momentum, it takes a vision to direct the momentum, it takes a massive action to build on the momentum, and it takes self-discipline to sustain the momentum. Momentum is the bridge between a vision and its results.
David Gaider|A commitment to sexual equality with men is a commitment to becoming the rich instead of the poor, the rapist instead of the raped, the murderer instead of the murdered.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Sin in the world destroys people’s lives through lust, sickness and addiction
Henry A. Giroux, Zombie Politics and Culture in the Age of Casino Capitalism|But when the leaders choose to make themselves bidders at an auction of popularity, their talents, in the construction of the state, will be of no service. They will become flatterers instead of legislators; the instruments, not the guides, of the people. If any of them should happen to propose a scheme of liberty, soberly limited, and defined with proper qualifications, he will be immediately outbid by his competitors, who will produce something more splendidly popular. Suspicions will be raised of his fidelity to his cause. Moderation will be stigmatized as the virtue of cowards; and compromise as the prudence of traitors; until, in hopes of preserving the credit which may enable him to temper, and moderate, on some occasions, the popular leader is obliged to become active in propagating doctrines, and establishing powers, that will afterwards defeat any sober purpose at which he ultimately might have aimed.
Sydney 4363|A good book should make you think at the end, not just give a solution to the problem at the end.
Angela Merkel|You cannot grant amnesty. If the American people see us granting amnesty they will never again believe in legal immigration. They will never again support it, and that's wrong for our country, bad for our future.
J. K. Simmons|Coach Godsey is a brilliant mind, a great teacher, and it's been fun learning from him so far.
Albert Camus, A Happy Death|But a man's beauty represents inner, functional truths: his face shows what he can do. And what is that compared to the magnificent uselessness of a woman's face? Mersault was aware of this now, delighting in his vanity and smiling at his secret demons.
Joyce Carol Oates, After the Wreck, I Picked Myself Up, Spread My Wings, and Flew Away|See, people come into your life for a reason. They might not know it themselves, why. You might not know it. But there's a reason. There has to be
James Patrick McDonald|The quickest way to experiencing the peace inside, is to learn to recognize when I am not at peace.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|It was him, thirty years too old, twenty pounds too light, & forty watts too dim maybe, but him.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, No Mercy|He made a sound of disgust in the back of his throat. "Oh thank you so much. That's what every man wants to hear about his name. You might as well call me 'Little Pecker' while you're at it and tell me you would love to have me go shopping with you for feminine hygiene products. Oh and by all means, carry a big, sparkling pink bag with flowers on it and make me hold it.
Hilary Mantel, A Place of Greater Safety|Law and order are the medicine of the politic body and when the politic body gets sick, medicine must be administered.
Marcella Hazan|Malnutrition can be as common in poverty as in wealth, one for the lack of food, the other for the lack of knowledge of food.
Erik Brynjolfsson and Andrew McAfee|As more and more work is done by machines, people can spend more time on other activities. Not just leisure and amusements, but also on the deeper satisfactions that come from invention and exploration, from creativity and building, and from love, friendship, and community. ... If the first machine age helped unlock the forces of energy trapped in chemical bonds to reshape the physical world, the real promise of the second machine age is to help unleash the power of human ingenuity.
Ovid, The Poems of Exile: Tristia and the Black Sea Letters|To want and not to have, sent all up her body a hardness, a hollowness, a strain. And then to want and not to have- to want and want- how that wrung the heart, and wrung it again and again!
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|I may be the last one, but I am the one still standing. I am the one turning to face the faceless hunter in the woods on an abandoned highway. I am the one not running, not staying, but facing. Because if I am the last one, then I am humanity. And if this is humanity's last war, then I am the battlefield
David McCullough Jr.|The fulfilling life, the distinctive life, the relevant life is an achievement. To do whatever you do for no reason other than you love it and believe in its importance.
Joyce Meyer|I remind myself every morning: Nothing I say this day will teach me anything. So if I'm going to learn, I must do it by listening.
Lailah Gifty Akita|You are my butterfly,and I am your flower.
Auliq Ice|I press my lips to hers with such delicacy; I want her to feel everything she’s ever deserved to feel at the hands of someone else. She deserves to feel beautiful. She deserves to feel important. She deserves to feel cared for. She deserves to feel respected. She deserves to feel like there’s at least one other person in this world who accepts her for exactly who she is.She deserves to know how I feel, because I feel all of those things. And maybe a little more.
ShahenshahHK|If I’m surprised at where I’m at, it’s probably because I’m not listening to the reality that listening to the voices that I’ve listened to have put me here. So, maybe I should be less surprised and more disappointed.
Cynthia Leitich Smith, Eternal|I may be heaven-sent, but I'm not perfect.
George W. Cecil|The word grows mad on the fermentOf angry actions, the authorities can only inflictVisible punishments. Now regard with the unpracticedInner eye the unseen presence of Judgement thenYou will understand the nature of your soul's torment
Hubert H. Humphrey|We must remind Americans that the promise of opportunity remains unbroken - that every person in this great nation can succeed through hard work, courage and personal responsibility.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber, Ginger and Honey: An unusual free verse poetry collection|...I day dream.Therefore,I am the queen,of my thoughts.Though thirteen,I drift,between,one conception,to another.I create opinions,liberate dilemmas,assert convictions,deal paroxysm,create perfections.”I am neither,a thinker,nor a,perceiver,I am a Day Dreamer...
Steve Blank|My exercise regime is a mix of gymming, marital arts, sports, etc.
Jess C. Scott, EyeLeash: A Blog Novel|[novan]: bassists are very good with their fingers[novan]: and some of us sing backup vocals, so that means we're good with our mouths too...(~ IM chat with Novan Chang, 18, bassist)
Anne Morrow Lindbergh, Gift from the Sea|I do not believe that sheer suffering teaches. If suffering alone taught, all the world would be wise, since everyone suffers. To suffering must be added mourning, understanding, patience, love, openness, and the willingness to remain vulnerable.
David Simon, The Corner: A Year in the Life of an Inner-City Neighborhood|That's the myth of it, the required lie that allows us to render our judgments. Parasites, criminals, dope fiends, dope peddlers, whores--when we can ride past them at Fayette and Monroe, car doors locked, our field of vision cautiously restricted to the road ahead, then the long journey into darkness is underway. Pale-skinned hillbillies and hard-faced yos, toothless white trash and gold-front gangsters--when we can glide on and feel only fear, we're well on the way. And if, after a time, we can glimpse the spectacle of the corner and manage nothing beyond loathing and contempt, then we've arrived at last at that naked place where a man finally sees the sense in stretching razor wire and building barracks and directing cattle cars into the compound.It's a reckoning of another kind, perhaps, and one that becomes a possibility only through the arrogance and certainty that so easily accompanies a well-planned and well-tended life. We know ourselves, we believe in ourselves; from what we value most, we grant ourselves the illusion that it's not chance in circumstance, that opportunity itself isn't the defining issue. We want the high ground; we want our own worth to be acknowledged. Morality, intelligence, values--we want those things measured and counted. We want it to be about Us.Yes, if we were down there, if we were the damned of the American cities, we would not fail. We would rise above the corner. And when we tell ourselves such things, we unthinkably assume that we would be consigned to places like Fayette Street fully equipped, with all the graces and disciplines, talents and training that we now posses. Our parents would still be our parents, our teachers still our teachers, our broker still our broker. Amid the stench of so much defeat and despair, we would kick fate in the teeth and claim our deserved victory. We would escape to live the life we were supposed to live, the life we are living now. We would be saved, and as it always is in matters of salvation, we know this as a matter of perfect, pristine faith.Why? The truth is plain:We were not born to be niggers.
Stephen Harrod Buhner|Measured with magnetic field meters, the electromagnetic field that the heart produces is some 5,000 times more powerful than that created by the brain.
Dale Ludwig|Nationalist (forces around the world) could now more readily communicate and share their grievances, viewing themselves as similar groups, engaged in a common struggle for greater autonomy against control exerted from London or Paris.
Viren|Alone in the forest, Katsa sat on a stump and cried. She cried like a person whose heart is broken and wondered how, when two people loved each other, there could be such a broken heart.
Sandra Balzo, Triple Shot|Wouldn’t you like to know,” I smiled. “I travel. Shit happens.
Sharon Salzberg, A Heart as Wide as the World: Stories on the Path of Lovingkindness|We can discover the capacity of the mind to be aware, to love, to begin again
Dave Barry|I'd luv to kiss ya, but I just washed my hair.
J.L. Vallance, Corruption of the Soul|Love is...freeing. Love is all encompassing; it has the power to save us from unimaginable forces of darkness. All we have to do is accept it, give it, live it.
Elizabeth McCracken, Thunderstruck & Other Stories|Whatever you have lost there are more of, just not yours.
Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction|cause if you were my girlfriend and a stud like me was livin’ in your house, I’d kiss you in front of the guy every chance I got as a reminder.
Julia Child|Regulation is necessary to protect our natural environment, keep our food and medicine safe, and ensure fair competition and fair treatment of our workers.
Lester B. Pearson|I'm a Canadian. Outside Canada I carry the flag. Canadian nationalism isn't as insidious as American nationalism, though. It's good natured. It's all about maple syrup, not war.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|The trick is in genuinely appreciating the elements of apparent resistance while you are engaging them. Not to oppose or remove them as much as to creatively fold them into one’s linear line of movement, exploiting them and making the necessary adjustments as you go.
Debasish Mridha|I lived with my mother for only a short time. Even though I left, she is always surrounding me with her love.
David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest|If you make people think they're thinking, they'll love you; But if you really make them think, they'll hate you.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|I see you and St. John have been quarrelling, Jane,' said Diana, 'during your walk on the moor. But go after him; he is now lingering in the passage expecting you - he will make it up.'I have not much pride under such circumstances: I would always rather be happy than dignified; and I ran after him - he stood at the foot of the stairs.
Krishna Saagar|Failure is when you accept it, otherwise it's just another obstacle.
Charles Krauthammer|Marry someone who flatters you. Because I've written 80 books since 'War Horse' but when my wife reads one, all she says is, 'It's quite good, but it's not as good as 'War Horse,' is it?'
Christine   Price|It had been a nice night, but not one they’d repeat. Like, ever.Why was he dialing his phone?A few rings later, a familiar voice picked up on the other end. “Whitman.”Dammit, my subconscious really is out to get me. “Matt? Brennan. I was wondering if…” make it something good, “…you…wanted to…” his gaze flew around the room, settling on his DVD shelf, “…watch Star Wars with me?”Star Wars? A hundred DVDs on the shelf and he settled on fucking Star Wars? He was never going to get in Matt’s pants ever again.There was a pause on the other end.Great, I’ve scared him off with my closet geekery. Go me.“Which one?”His heart skipped a beat. Or not.“I have all six.”“My favorite is Strikes Back. I can be at my place in about twenty. I’ll bring food?” Brennan’s eyes squeezed closed and he grinned, kicking his feet in delight. I am such a girl. “You know we can’t watch Strikes Back without immediately going to Return, right?”“We should pace ourselves. Star Wars is serious business. Usually I don’t watch them without consuming about five pounds of Skittles and three bottles of Coke.”“I’ll grab the junk food. We can pull an all -nighter.”“It’s a weeknight.” Matt sounded ridiculously disappointed about the fact, which was so happy-dance-worthy that Brennan almost literally jumped out of his chair. “But maybe we could turn it into a three-part date? Start tonight? End Friday?
Pearl Zhu, Leadership Master: Five Digital Trends to Leap Leadership Maturity|A set of excellent questions themselves is perhaps like a poem, both philosophical and intellectual.
St. Vincent|When I was going on auditions, it was nerve-racking. I'd always say to my mom that it would be awesome if I could get a series. When Modern Family came along, I said, 'You know what, Mom? I believe I'm going to get this role.'
B. F. Skinner|Positive thinking is more than just a tagline. It changes the way we behave. And I firmly believe that when I am positive, it not only makes me better, but it also makes those around me better.
Jessica Rosevear Fox, After the Ballet|He could not tell all of the California pines apart, the gray pine from the coulter, the bushop from the knobcone and the Monterey.
The Weeknd|I don't regret any decision in my life... not my career, not marriage. Every experience has been so fulfilling in so many ways.
B.A. Paris, Behind Closed Doors|I came to realize that good and evil were out of my reach, that time was the only thing I had any control over. I could buy time, create intervals. I could not truly make the world a better place, but I could make part of it a better place for a short while.
Joan Lowery Nixon, In The Face of Danger|you are absolutely the most ethereal, least sensual woman I ever knew to exist without inhuman sexlessness.
A.A. Allen|If you are walking with Jesus, in the Spirit, you need not fear going too far. No believer has gone as far as God wants him to go.
Roxane Gay|My brother had the courage to come out in 1978, when equality was still a distant dream.
Sōseki Natsume, The Three-Cornered World|When I was a child, to call someone 'black' was an insult, a curse word, something that made you fight.But to me it contains all of the history of oppression and resistance, of being close to the soil and the sky, of plain speaking. Of The Journey.
Steven Magee|When a guy goes out there and kills somebody, he might look at himself as the winner. But in truth he’s also a loser, because now he would be lost in the system. If you were listening to the news recently, some people you know well are doing 45, and 64 years for murder. They might have won their fight, but they lost their lives to the system. Franco ‘Co’ Bethel, former gang leader and right hand man to Scrooge.
Peter Arnett, Flash! The Associated Press Covers the World|He turned and gave the Dark Elf a nasty look. “They can do that,” he said, “mess with your head, using arcane mind control techniques. Well-known fact.”The Dark Elf sniggered. “I wish,” he said. “Sadly, no. You’re thinking of journalism, which is slightly different.
JohnA Passaro|After all, I don't see why I am always asking for private, individual, selfish miracles when every year there are miracles like white dogwood.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|Everything exists as information in a field of infinite possibilities, and it is our Consciousness that renders the information and causes it to appear as the material world.
Melody Carstairs|Take not a minute for granted, because that minute can never be replaced.
Quentin Crisp|That's a stupid question,' said Malachi. 'Because he didn't warn him. He didn't warn anyone.''No, it's a philosophical question,' Kearns corrected him. 'Which makes it useless, not stupid.
Orhan Pamuk|She sleeps like a cocoyam. A thing without senses. She sleeps like his mother, unplugged from the world.
Jason Jack Miller, HELLBENDER|Yeah, but a hellbender never dies. You ever see a dead one?
Steve Maraboli|I want love, passion, honesty, and companionship... sex that drives me crazy and conversation that drives me sane.
Aporva Kala, Life... Love... Kumbh...|People forget history nowadays, he lamented, that is what the ego does, making one the prisoner of one's inflated present, ignoring the humble past one has lived.
Grace Murray Hopper|Leadership is a two-way street, loyalty up and loyalty 
Paul Murray|The Classic Notting Hill junkie, i.e; Armani underwear, Pink’s shirt and Burberry belt tourniquets
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|Only the ship is made of books, its sails thousands of overlapping pages, and the sea it floats upon is dark black ink.
Anupama Chopra|Stephen Tennant is the most sparkling talker who ever comes to my house, and perhaps the most amusing. He dances like the will-o'-the-wisp where other people stick in the mud. Though his really kindred spirits are the most exotic people he can find, he also greatly enjoys a talk with some extremely commonplace person, when he pretends that he thinks they mean something which they never thought of in their lives. He can be by turns poetic, malicious, and nonsensical. His talk is very pictorial and he handles words as if they were pait on a brush. When Stephen is alone with one friend he is often drawn to speak of very grave and profound subjects, and then he becomes unhappy, for he is never sure about what he loves and believes in, and would like to love and believe in so much.
Dembe Michael|Let them talk all day about you because whatever you do, people will have something to say about you. Don’t mind people who talk behind your back, there’s always a reason why they are behind you. And it’s because you are ahead of them so keep on walking and achieving your dreams.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|Some of the 'New Women' writers will some day start an idea that men and women should be allowed to see each other asleep before proposing or accepting. But I suppose the New Woman won't condescend in future to accept; she will do the proposing herself. And a nice job she will make of it, too!
Fall Out Boy, Fall Out Boy - Save Rock and Roll|I'm a wanderessI'm a one night standDon't belong to no cityDon't belong to no man(Note: These lyrics were inspired by Roman Payne's quote from his novel "The Wanderess".)
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading|Being near you for a day was at the top of my bucket list of the greatest life achievements, so this has by far exceeded my expectations and everyday has been magic.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|Other animals can make sounds, and sounds can indicate pleasure and pain. But language, a distinctly human capacity, isn´t just for registering pleasure and pain. It´s about declaring what is just and what is unjust, and distinguishing right from wrong. We don´t grasp these things silently, and then put words to them; language is the medium through which we discern and deliberate about the good.
Rachel E. Carter, Apprentice|Well done, Darren!” Master Byron was full of praise for the prince. “What did you use to cast it?”Darren’s eyes found mine. “Something I don’t regret.
Rena Marks, City of Sin|I want us horizontal with a whole lot of naked, now.
Jonathan L. Howard, The Brothers Cabal|My God. Johannes, are you saying that you’re accepting this task because I asked you?’ Cabal did not reply. Instead he found a loose thread on the eiderdown and fiddled distractedly with it. Horst sat on the side of the bed, embraced his brother around the shoulders with one arm, and rubbed the top of his head with the knuckles of the other. ‘Horst!’ snapped Cabal. ‘I am no longer eight years old!’ Horst kissed him on the top of the head. ‘You’ll always be my little brother, Johannes, even if you look older than me now.
Lou Berney, The Long and Faraway Gone|That’s the problem with the world,” he said. “You save it today, and tomorrow it’s gone and gotten itself into trouble all over again. It’s like a Kardashian.
Jennifer Kacey, Violet's Shadow|Tighten your grip, make me bleed, it's a hunger I need to feed. Strip me bare, pull my hair, I don't care just take me there.
Abraham Joshua Heschel, God in Search of Man: A Philosophy of Judaism|Something must be radically wrong with a culture and a civilisation when its youth begins to desert it. Youth is the natural time for revolt, for experiment, for a generous idealism that is eager for action. Any civilisation which has the wisdom of self-preservation will allow a certain margin of freedom for the expression of this youthful mood. But the plain, unpalatable fact is that in America today that margin of freedom has been reduced to the vanishing point. Rebellious youth is not wanted here. In our environment there is nothing to challenge our young men; there is no flexibility, no colour, no possibility for adventure, no chance to shape events more generously than is permitted under the rules of highly organised looting. All our institutional life combines for the common purpose of blackjacking our youth into the acceptance of the status quo; and not acceptance of it merely, but rather its glorification.
Paulo Coelho|We are afraid of losing what we have, whether it's our life or our possessions and property. But this fear evaporates when we understand that our life stories and the history of the world were written by the same hand.
Charles Bukowski, Ham on Rye|Thus it is with proud silly people, who think themselves above everyone else, and are too proud to ask or take advice.
Brom, The Child Thief|The trick is that as long as you know who you are and what makes you happy, it doesn't matter how others see you.
oladosu feyikogbon|Life is war, war is game so life is game. Either lose or win. Know it earlier
Laura Schlessinger|If you take on the martyr/entitlement role, two things are definitely going to happen: you’ll be a lot less happier with your life, and you will have a husband not exactly wanting to come home to you.
Rebecca McNutt, Listen is Silent, or The Usurer|Her latest client is Professor Desmond Curnin, a university professor who teaches library sciences to large groups of students. He’s quick to pay on-time, quick to never fall behind. He’s a brown-haired man with an unkempt beard and thick-framed hipster glasses. He slides a leather briefcase stuffed with dollar bills into the open window of Geraldine’s car. “Your fly’s unzipped,” Geraldine points out, disgusted. “Who gave you a license to sell hot dogs, buddy?
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|See the stars, Lily?"She sighed, surrendering. "Of course.""Do you think they can see the sun coming up?""I don't know. Probably?""Do you think they're scared?""They're burning balls of gas, Calder.""Oh, c'mon. Where's the poet in you?"She exhaled, and I sensed her smile. "I see. Well, in that case, yes. They've finally come home. They are triumphant in their midnight kingdom. But the enemy approaches. They have the numbers on their side, but the enemy is bigger, stronger, with a history of winning that goes back to the dawn of time. They're definitvely terrified."I nodded. She understood my analogy."But they don't run, Calder.
Mary Potter Kenyon, Refined By Fire: A Journey of Grief and Grace|That evening I sat across from Jeremy Bulloch and Jacob at the dinner table. I watched as Jeremy, who seemed to speak Jacob’s silent language fluently, drummed his fingers up and down on the edge of the table, as if playing a piano. A delighted Jacob mimicked the actor’s actions. My throat filled with tears. I met Ben’s eyes across the table, where he sat straight with pride next to his son. He was enjoying the show just as much as I was. Jacob was in his element, interacting with an actor from his favorite movie. The other men at the table were part of the set: Mike, the owner of the comic book store, who had made the entire thing possible, and the Mandalorin Mercs, new friends of the little boy who hadbecome one of their own, a comrade in distress.
John Flanagan, The Siege of Macindaw|Every single person is vulnerable to unexpected defeat in this inmost emotional self. At every moment, behind the most efficient seeming adult exterior, the whole world of the person's childhood is being carefully held like a glass of water bulging above the brim. And in fact, that child is the only real thing in them. It's their humanity, their real individuality, the one that can't understand why it was born and that knows it will have to die, in no matter how crowded a place, quite on its own. That's the carrier of all the living qualities. It's the centre of all the possible magic and revelation.
L.A. Jones|I had good intentions once upon a time. Well, September.
Chelsie Shock, Rogue|The cameras were electronic monsters, moving with them as they walked and staring with one big, perverted eye.
Sarah Jio, The Last Camellia|TIL KINGDOM COME you'll be the one. FOR YOU theres NO MORE KEEPING MY FEET ON THE GROUND. My head is in the clouds NOW MY FEET WONT TOUCH THE GROUND. LIFE IS FOR LIVING and i cant live until i have stolen a spot in your heart. HURTS LIKE HEAVEN and feels like hell to know your in ANOTHERS ARMS. This is no PARADISE. DONT LET IT BREAK YOU HEART i tell my self. Your BEAUTIFUL WORDS always IN MY HEAD i cant stop my self. THINGS I DONT UNDERSTAND would be you and me. LOST in your X&Y. I feel like i was SWALLOWED IN THE SEA, LOST and unseen, not a WISPER or a weep. I cry in my sleep, EVERY TEARDROP IS A WATERFALL. Should have seen the WARNING SIGNS, they were always there like a WISPER in my ear. Every time you say hello were back at SQUARE ONE, a smile my face. SUCH A RUSH i get when i talk to you. My heart beats as fast as a HIGH SPEED race. Every second i wait for your reply like CLOCK ticking by. DAYLIGHT nears as the SLEEPING SUN is UP IN FLAMES. What if its US AGAINST THE WORLD? What if HOW YOU SEE THE WORLD is how i see it too? WHAT IF?
Nicole Gulla, The Lure of the Moon|It's too soon, too fast. We don't even know each other." "Says who?" Ethan demanded. "Who decides how long it should take? Who makes the rules?" Erica shrugged because she really didn't know it just seemed like common sense. He put his index finger under her chin and swept his thumb just under her lower lip. "I do know you." He whispered. "I know you love chocolate and hate roses. I know you are kind and compassionate and generous. I know you feed the homeless and the stray cat that lives behind your apartment. I know you are a hopeless romantic. You are fiercely loyal." His eyes took on a mischievous glint. "I know you are ticklish; I know what makes you moan; I know what makes you squirm." He kissed her softly. "I know when I am with you I don't want to be anywhere else." He kissed her again and this time she wrapped her arms around his neck and kissed him back. Their tongues tangled in a duel that left her breathless.
Bernard Manning|Certainly, nothing would stop me coming home for Christmas, if I can. But I've worked a lot in theatre, and in theatre in New York, we work Christmas Day a lot of the time as well.
Matt Abrams, She's Toxic|We must lay to, if you please, and keep a bright lookout. It's trying on a man, I know. It would be pleasanter to come to blows. But there's no help for it till we know our men. Lay to, and whistle for a wind, that's my view.
Jane Campion|Someday in the distant cyborg future, when our internal and external memories fully merge, we may come to possess infinite knowledge. But that's not the same thing as wisdom.
Elizabeth Berg|If I could just have him until the day was over. Just a few more hours. But he was gone. I clasped my hand tightly over my mouth and felt a trembling that started deep inside move out to make all of me shake. I had a mighty impulse, it truly was mighty, to rise to my feet and howl. To overturn the chair and nightstand, to rip at my clothes, to bring down the very walls around us. But of course I did not do that. I pulled an elemental sense of outrage back inside and smoothed it down. I forced something far too big into something far too small, and this made for a surprising and unreasonable weight, as mercury does. I noticed sounds coming from my throat, little unladylike grunts. I saw that everything I’d ever imagined about what it would feel like when was pale. Was wrong. Was the shadow and not the mountain. And then, “It’s all right,” I said, quickly. “It’s all right.” To whom? I wondered later.
Stephen Richards|While there is nothing wrong with physical desire per se, and wanting a partner who you consider to be physically attractive, you should also understand that if you are serious about finding that special someone and perhaps growing old with them, looks fade but character does not.
Jennifer E. Smith, The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight|...You are my compass star." And he was hers.
Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love|Love should mean, never having to ask, "Do You Love Me"?
Beau Bridges|I did private study for about a month, five days a week, six hours a day. I came to understand the character in ways that I never would've previous to that. I was so innocent in respect to ways of creating characters.
John Paul DeJoria|Rail travel for me is the most relaxing, most scenic way to see the country.
Meg Jay, The Defining Decade: Why Your Twenties Matter--And How to Make the Most of Them Now|Traveling in a third-world country is the closest thing there is to being married and raising kids. You have glorious hikes and perfect days on the beach. You go on adventures you would never try, or enjoy, alone. But you also can't get away from each other. Everything is unfamiliar. Money is tight or you get robbed. Someone gets sick or sunburned. You get bored. It is harder than you expected, but you are glad you didn't just sit home.
Ikbal mohamad|Julie smiled a tight little smile and shook her head at her own foolhardiness.But I did it because I love him, she told herself. I love him still. God help me. So this is how it feels to have your break...
Hideaki Sorachi|You yourself have to change first, or nothing will change for you!
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|I had a good teacher.""Better not have been Myrnin or I'll have to kick his predatory ass.""I mean you, dummy.
Nicholas Brendon|Towards my husband, I often fail to show interest in his affairs and amusements, not rousing myself to respond when I'm tired or concerned with other things, forgetting he is very patient with me.
Michelle McCullough, Make It Happen|I’m not an expert in stillness, but I have been trying to practice more peace in my life. As someone who wants it all, and tries to go after it, I once thought including quiet time in my routine was a good idea. Now I find it’s more than that—it’s critical to my success.
Brittainy C. Cherry, The Space in Between|Each night we watched the sun set no matter where we were, and we'd wake up early to witness it rising again. That was the thing about life: even when the days faded to black, you were always given another chance. A second moment to try again to rise from the ashes.
John Lasseter|There is such amazing talent at Disney. My job is 100% creative, and I am very excited to creatively lead them.
Plamen Chetelyazov, Flaws of Oblivion|The person in love finds only a dream, a notion, an ideal. You fall in love with nothing but your own dreams—the only carriers of your true longings. Sometimes you manage to personify your dreams in another. Sometimes it’s not a single-player game. This doesn’t make love any less primal or selfish.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|Love is hard to believe, ask any lover. Life is hard to believe, ask any scientist. God is hard to believe, ask any believer.
Hermann Bahr|Man screams from the depths of his soul; the whole era becomes a single, piercing shriek. Art also screams, into the deep darkness, screams for help, screams for the spirit. This is Expressionism.
Ufuoma Apoki|If soulmates did exist I am pretty sure they would never divorce you, dump you, kick you out, separate from you or make you an option. They would never give up because you meant that much to them.
Jacob Grimm, The Fairy Tales of the Brothers Grimm - Illustrated by Arthur Rackham|Evil and I are old adversaries. When we compete I hate to lose," Manny Bettencourt from Murder in the Pinelands
Mary J. Blige|We know there is a deep reservoir of food wisdom out there, or else humans would not have survived to the extent we have. Much of this food wisdom is worth preserving and reviving and heeding.
Ed Parrish III|Trust what you know; have faith in where you go; if there's no wind, row; or go with the flow.
Viet Thanh Nguyen, The Sympathizer|Some mysterious revenge of nature has seen to it that no poem in praise of drink or tobacco (or snuff, if any) can succeed.
Aporva Kala, Life... Love... Kumbh...|Why one enjoys maternal grandparents more than the paternal ones, i have never understood, but it was like that for me.
Naomi Novik, Victory of Eagles|Elsie eyed him puzzledly, and then offered, "Would you like to see my plate?
Pat Conroy, A Lowcountry Heart: Reflections on a Writing Life|I have always been attracted to male writers who can demonstrate their love and affection for women with ease, yet not draw attention to themselves.
Jack Gilbert|The Poles rode out from Warsaw against the German Tanks on horses. Rode knowing, in sunlight, with sabers, A magnitude of beauty that allows me no peace. And yet this poem would lessen that day. Question The bravery. Say it's not courage. Call it a passion. Would say courage isn't that. Not at its best. It was impossib1e, and with form. They rode in sunlight, Were mangled. But I say courage is not the abnormal. Not the marvelous act. Not Macbeth with fine speeches. The worthless can manage in public, or for the moment. It is too near the whore's heart: the bounty of impulse, And the failure to sustain even small kindness. Not the marvelous act, but the evident conclusion of being. Not strangeness, but a leap forward of the same quality. Accomplishment. The even loyalty. But fresh. Not the Prodigal Son, nor Faustus. But Penelope. The thing steady and clear. Then the crescendo. The real form. The culmination. And the exceeding. Not the surprise. The amazed understanding. The marriage, Not the month's rapture. Not the exception. The beauty That is of many days. Steady and clear. It is the normal excellence, of long accomplishment.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|It doesn’t matter what your area of calling is, if you could invest quality time in it, then, you will be sure to produce the quality amount of products.
Anthony Liccione|I heard death had a name, but I forgot what it was.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When we think of all the beatitudes in life, our heart shall be merry.
Chuck Palahniuk|A father-son relationship is strong, like no other teammates. You could be straightforward with one another.
Jessica Biel|It's funny, because I did all of these interviews as soon as I had the baby, and they were asking questions, and I really didn't have an idea of anything, because I was so blurry.
Stephen Richards, NAPS: Discover The Power Of Night Audio Programs|Of all the thoughts that hover in your mind, the one you deliberately choose and act upon - changes your LIFE!
Julie Delpy, Before Sunrise & Before Sunset: Two Screenplays|I believe if there's any kind of God it wouldn't be in any of us, not you or me but just this little space in between. If there's any kind of magic in this world it must be in the attempt of understanding someone sharing something. I know, it's almost impossible to succeed but who cares really? The answer must be in the attempt.
Whitney Cummings|Everybody knows now that Marie Lightfoot, the true crime writer, is dating Franklin DeWeese, the state attorney of Howard County, Florida. They know I'm a white woman; they know he's a black man. That's not news anymore.
Ayn Rand, The Voice of Reason: Essays in Objectivist Thought|But of all the deadly theories by means of which you are now being destroyed, I would like to warn you about one of the deadliest and most crucial: the alleged dichotomy of science and ethics. It is the doctrine that man's science and ethics - or his knowledge and values, or his body and soul - are two separate, antagonistic aspects of his existence, and that man is caught between them, as a precarious, permanent traitor to their conflicting demands.
Christy Raedeke, The Daykeeper's Grimoire|...If there is no risk, there is no reward.
Christine Amsden, Cassie Scot|My parents think the longer the name, the more powerful the sorcerer, so they named me Cassandra Morgan Ursula Margaret Scot. You can call me Cassie.
Eva Mendes|When anger rises, think of the consequences.
Ravi Zacharias|To sustain the belief that there is no God, atheism has to demonstrate infinite knowledge, which is tantamount to saying, “I have infinite knowledge that there is no being in existence with infinite knowledge
Fannie Flagg, Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe|There is, you will concede, a limit to the niceties a man is obliged to fulfill when his wife is dead and not yet cold.
John Stuart Mill|It is not good for man to be kept perforce at all times in the presence of his species. A world from which solitude is extirpated is a very poor ideal. Solitude, in the sense of being often alone, is essential to any depth of meditation or of character; and solitude in the presence of natural beauty and grandeur, is the cradle of thoughts and aspirations which are not only good for the individual, but which society could ill do without. Nor is there much satisfaction in contemplating the world with nothing left to the spontaneous activity of nature; with every rood of land brought into cultivation, which is capable of growing food for human beings; every flowery waste or natural pasture ploughed up, all quadrupeds or birds which are not domesticated for man's use exterminated as his rivals for food, every hedgerow or superfluous tree rooted out, and scarcely a place left where a wild shrub or flower could grow without being eradicated as a weed in the name of improved agriculture. If the earth must lose that great portion of its pleasantness which it owes to things that the unlimited increase of wealth and population would extirpate from it, for the mere purpose of enabling it to support a larger, but not a better or a happier population, I sincerely hope, for the sake of posterity, that they will be content to be stationary, long before necessity compels them to it.
Jonathan Lethem, The Disappointment Artist|By trying to export myself into a place that didn't fully exist I asked works of art to bear my expectation that they could be better than life, that they could redeem life. In fact, I believe they are, and do. My life is dedicated to that belief. But still, I asked too much of them: I asked them also to be both safer than life and fuller, a better family. That they couldn't give. At the depths I'd plumb them, so many perfectly sufficient works of art would become thin, anemic. I sucked the juice out of what I loved until I found myself in a desert, sucking rocks for water.
Oscar Wilde|After women, flowers are the most lovely thing God has given the world.
DaShanne Stokes|Sometimes, lies were the same things as wishes. Sometimes, wishes were things to hate.
Robert Jackson Bennett, City of Stairs|If you don’t hear the crows of the roosters in the mornings, you are one cursed city fellow!
Deyth Banger|A true friend repays loyalty with loyalty, honesty with honestyand favours with favours.
Richard Flanagan|It was as if life could be shown but never explained, and words - all the words that did not say things directly - were for him the most truthful.
John L'Heureux|Like so many others of my tenure and temperament—stubborn ancients, I suppose—web reporting is anathema to everything I love about newspapering: getting a tip, developing leads, fleshing-out the details, then telling the story. Now it stops with the tip. Just verify (hopefully!) and post it. I didn’t write stories anymore; I 'produced content.
Edna O'Brien, Country Girl|I was lonelier than I should be, for a woman in love, or half in love.
Clark Adams|If Atheism is a religion, then health is a disease!
Mark Twain, The Mysterious Stranger and Other Stories|New Rule #1 – Don't date women who paint. Arty-farty doesn't just equal freaky in the sack, it also equals nasty genius revenge. I don't like genius when it's happening to me.
Codi Gary, Bad for Me|Oh, honey. You picked the wrong bear to poke.
Elizabeth McCracken, Niagara Falls All Over Again|Here's what I think: when you're born, you're assigned a brain like you're assigned a desk, a nice desk, with plenty of pigeonholes and drawers and secret compartments. At the start, it's empty, and then you spend your life filling it up. You're the only one who understands the filing system, you amass some clutter, sure, but somehow it works: you're asked the capital of Oregon, and you say Salem; you want to remember your first-grade teacher's name, and there it is, Miss Fox. Then suddenly you're old, and though everything's still in your brain, it's crammed so tight that when you try to remember the name of the guy who does the upkeep on your lawn, your first childhood crush comes fluttering out, or the persistent smell of tomato soup in a certain Des Moines neighborhood.
Zoe Forward, Hooked On A Witch|I’ll help you, if you admit since our first kiss you imagined us together so many times that the images of us haunt you at night and sour the touch of any other man.
P. T. Barnum|A sense of the universe, a sense of the all, the nostalgia which seizes us when confronted by nature, beauty, music - these seem to be an expectation and awareness of a Great Presence.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|By applying their observational abilities along with full appliance of their logic and creative powers, writers attempt to create mental maps to share with other people regarding what they learned, think, and believe. The writer’s vision can sway readers emotional state and in doing influence what they believe and how they behave.
E. Haldeman-Julius|The only time "early bloomer" has ever been applied to me is vis-a-vis my premature apprehension of the deep dread-of-existence thing. In all other cases, I plod and tromp along. My knuckles? Well dragged.
David Friedman|eBay's business is based on enabling someone to do business with another person, and to do that, they first have to develop some measure of trust, either in the other person or the system.
Helene Wecker, The Golem and the Jinni|Today you will envy the blessings of another, or you will bask in the wonder of the amazing grace you have been given.
Lady Gaga|I think we live in a world where the most important thing is daily life: sharing a space with your family, making meals, being with your people. It's not only the idea of privacy, it's the beauty of the moment, at a time in the world when everything goes really fast - too fast.
Juan Gabriel Vásquez, The Sound of Things Falling|At times I feel as if I am spread out over the landscape and inside things, and am myself living in every tree, in the splashing of the waves, in the clouds and the animals that come and go, in the procession of the seasons. There is nothing in the Tower that has not grown into its own form over the decades, nothing with which I am not linked. Here everything has its history, and mine; here is space for the spaceless kingdom of the world's and the psyche's hinterland.
Anna Castle, Murder by Misrule|Tom smiled at the Fleming — a bright, friendly smile — and bobbed his head courteously. That confused the jolt-head. Then, by way of making conversation while his confederates gained their positions, he said, "I suppose someone must have told you — your mother, perhaps, or your father, though I doubt you ever knew him — that you're an idle-headed canker. A rank pustule? No? Not even an irksome, crook-pated, pathetical nit?"The Fleming, his face as red as hot steel, roared and swung a fist like a blacksmith's hammer.
Erin Bowman, Vengeance Road|It’s the way I walk through the world, carrying that fear, that the beloved will go, will die, and that I will be the one to blame.
Sandra Byrd, Bon Appetit|If your arteries are good, eat more ice cream. If they are bad, drink more red wine. Proceed thusly.
Nathan Filer|I again invoke my favorite analogy for eating disorders: abusive lovers. And what do you do when someone is in an abusive relationship? You don’t allow visitation rights, weekly dates. You don’t put them in the vicinity of or let the abuser flirt with them. You keep them the fuck away.
Alicia Bay Laurel, How to Make Peace|Lachlan frowned as he misjudged the distance and his forehead hit Cormag's head with a bump. He wrapped his arms around his neck to steady himself, two big hands reaching up to hold onto his arms as if to offer extra support. “You,” he began, talking quietly into his ear, “are so beautiful,” he confessed, resting his heavy skull against Cormag's for a moment.He meant it as well. Cormag was stunning. He was taller and broader than he was, very much the fine figure of hotness. His dark hair was well kept, but a little messy, he had amazing bone structure; the type that made him look more like a model than a museum manager. A chiselled jaw, nicely defined cheekbones and a rugged quality thatmade him so appealing. He had never noticed how handsome a male face could be until those eyes drew him in.“And so are you,” his companion chuckled, “but we discussed this…I've ruined every relationship I've ever had. I get needy, possessive and my baggage gets in the way.Besides,” he lowered his voice to a whisper and brushed his hand over his upper arm, “You're not gay,” he protested, reminding him yet again that they were different.“Nope. Not gay,” he agreed with that, nodding his head as he pulled back a little to see him better. “But that doesn't make you any less beautiful. Why is it wrong that I can see how special you are?” he asked, having difficulty understanding why part of his brainwas telling him he was being a drunken idiot and that the man before him wasn'tattractive. But the rest of his brain – about ninety-eight percent of it – was telling him that he was the most attractive person he'd ever seen.“It's not, Lachlan. It really isn't.”“But it's somehow wrong for me to tell you?” Lachlan wondered, glancing across the bar to see Matteo smiling at him. He didn't know what it meant.Cormag cupped his face, capturing his undivided attention again. “No. Not thateither. But it makes it hard for me to keep my distance. You're stunning. Inside and out,” he claimed, with chocolatey eyes that said he meant every word.
Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Theologian of American Anguish|He (her son) is just like his father, doesn't listen to a word I say!
Clarice Lispector, The Passion According to G.H.|I want the material of things. Humanity is drenched with humanization, as if that were necessary; and that false humanization trips up man and trips up his humanity. A thing exists that is fuller, deafer, deeper, less good, less bad, less pretty. Yet that thing too runs the risk, in our coarse hands, of becoming transformed into "purity", our hands that are coarse and full of words.
Cornelia Maude Spelman, When I Feel Angry|Earnestness means willingness to live with energy, though energy bring pain. The pain may be pain to other people or pain to one's self — it makes little difference; for when the strenuous mood is on one, the aim is to break something, no matter whose or what. Nothing annihilates an inhibition as irresistibly as anger does it; for, as Moltke says of war, destruction pure and simple is its essence. This is what makes it so invaluable an ally of every other passion. The sweetest delights are trampled on with a ferocious pleasure the moment they offer themselves as checks to a cause by which our higher indignations are elicited. It costs then nothing to drop friendships, to renounce long-rooted privileges and possessions, to break with social ties. Rather do we take a stern joy in the astringency and desolation; and what is called weakness of character seems in most cases to consist of the inaptitude for these sacrificial moods, of which one's own inferior self and its pet softnesses must often be the targets and the victims.
John Truby, The Anatomy of Story: 22 Steps to Becoming a Master Storyteller|Desire never stops. Equilibrium is temporary. The self-revelation is never simple, and it cannot guarantee the hero a satisfying life from that day forward. since a great story is always a living thing, its ending is no more final and certain than any other part of the story.
Andrzej Sapkowski, Baptism of Fire|I predict a bad end for your race, humans,' Zoltan Chivay said grimly. 'Every sentient creature on this earth, when it falls into want , poverty and misfortune, usually cleaves to his own. Because it's easier to survive the bad times in a group, helping one another. But you humans, you just wait for a chance to make money from other people's mishaps. When there's hunger you don't want want to share out your food, you just devour the weakest ones. The practice works among wolves, since it lets the healthiest and strongest individuals survive. But among sentient races selection of that kind usually allows the biggest bastards to survive and dominate the rest.
Mary Roach, Gulp: Adventures on the Alimentary Canal|think of it.' said Robert Rosenbluth, a doctor whose acquaintance i made at the start of this book. 'no engineer could design something as multifunctional and fine tuned as an anus. to call someone an asshole is really bragging him up.
Amy Harmon, Making Faces|True beauty, the kind that doesn't fade or wash off, takes time. It takes incredible endurance. It is the slow drip that creates the stalactite, the shaking of the Earth that creates mountains, the constant pounding of the waves that breaks up the rocks and smooths the rough edges. And from the violence, the furor, the raging of the winds, the roaring of the waters, something better emerges, something that would have otherwise never existed.And so we endure. We have faith that there is purpose. We hope for things we can't see. We believe there are lessons in loss, power in love, and that we have within us the potential for a beauty so magnificent, our bodies can't contain it.
W.B. Yeats|Literature is always personal, always one man's vision of the world, one man's experience, and it can only be popular when men are ready to welcome the visions of others.
Don Yaeger|Is there an equality of power between America and Iraq? Definitely not; however, the Iraqi people are standing fast and are defending their land courageously.
Gunther Schuller|My father was a Presbyterian minister, working among the poor in West Virginia. He had taken what amounted to a vow of poverty when he accepted that call and so we never had much money.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|So we gave up. I'd finally had enough of chasing after a ghost who did not want to be seen. We'd failed, maybe, but some mysteries aren't meant to be solved.
A.D. Posey|Film is the ultimate canvas, the elixir of art, and the magic of life.
Andrew Vachss|But he was sixty-two when I was, born, and the novelty of daughters had worn away long before.
Debasish Mridha|To be happy, learn to forget and forgive.
Mike Yaconelli|Children live in a world of dreams and imagination, a world of aliveness… There is a voice of wonder and amazement inside all of us; but we grow to realize we can no longer hear it, and we live in silence. It isn’t that God stopped speaking; it is that our lives became louder.
Aldous Huxley|There is only one corner of the universe you can be certain of improving, and that's your own self.
Derek Landy, The Maleficent Seven: From the World of Skulduggery Pleasant|Aurora sagged. "Why is it," she asked, "that every time I'm with you two we end up stealing something big?""We always return it," Donegan said, a little defensively. "Maybe not always in one piece or necessarily to the right person but return it we do, and so it is not stealing, it is merely borrowing."Gracious looked at him. "It's a little bit stea
H. Rider Haggard, She|We run to place and power over the dead bodies of those who fail and fall; ay, we win the food we eat from out the mouths of starving babes.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The real education never ends. It is a cycle of reading, thinking and writing.
Alan Stern|I like physics. I think it is the best science out of all three of them, because generally it's more useful. You learn about speed and velocity and time, and that's all clever stuff.
S.R. Crawford, From My Suffering: 25 Ways to Break the Chains of Anxiety, Depression & Stress|Less thinking, more living.
John Paul II|Artistic talent is a gift from God and whoever discovers it in himself has a certain obligation: to know that he cannot waste this talent, but must develop it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The living has a great hope, we have life to bounce back from any difficulty. The dead had no hope.
Mallory Ortberg|Muriel, my mother, was my main confidant. She was a teacher of English at Watford grammar school but took a break while my sister Madeleine and I were children. She held court in the kitchen, and we talked about everything.
Amy Leigh Mercree|Treat yourself today! You are a unique, sparkling, spectacular soul. Celebrate you!
Kenneth Cain, Emergency Sex: And Other Desperate Measures|The curse of mortality. You spend the first portion of your life learning, growing stronger, more capable. And then, through no fault of your own, your body begins to fail. You regress. Strong limbs become feeble, keen senses grow dull, hardy constitutions deteriorate. Beauty withers. Organs quit. You remember yourself in your prime, and wonder where that person went. As your wisdom and experience are peaking, your traitorous body becomes a prison.
William Blake|Now she realized that she was not peering at a so-dark-blue-it-looked-black ocean, but rather she was looking straight through miles of incredibly clear water at something enormous and black in its nethermost depths. Maybe it was the bottom--so deep that not even light could touch it.And yet, down in those impossible depths, she thought she could see tiny lights sparkling. She stared uncertainly at the tiny glimmerings. They seemed almost like scattered grains of sand lit from within; in some places they clustered like colonies, faint and twinkling.Like stars...
Taylor Swift|My mom and I have always been really close. She's always been the friend that was always there. There were times when, in middle school and junior high, I didn't have a lot of friends. But my mom was always my friend. Always.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Never stop saying, “I love you”!
James A. Baldwin|Don't be intimidated by people who seem to be experts. Hear their points of view and get their judgements. But at the end of day, you've got to make a judgement because it's not their life that's going to be affected so much as your future.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|No matter what happens to you, if you have life, with faith and hope, you will live to see your situation change.
Unarine Ramaru|If you have fallen down, you cannot go further down, so pick yourself up and aim high, you've got nothing to lose.
Suzanne Enoch, The Rake|I am happy to pay you," she announced. "For your services."A harsh, strangled sound cut through the room. It came from him. "Pay me."She nodded. "Would say, twenty-five pounds do?""No."Her brows knit together. "Of course, a person of your--prowess--is worth more. I apologize for the offense. Fifty? I'm afraid I can't go much higher. It's quite a bit of money.
Deyth Banger|What's the meaning of ignore? You hear somebody, but you never asnwer to him!
Aaron Carter|Having a dream, living that dream, losing that dream, dreaming again and then having that dream come true again is one of the greatest feelings ever because I`m stronger.
Debasish Mridha|It may not be important what you say, but it is very important who you are.
Deborah Cox|So I placed my heart under lock and key To take some time, and take care of me But I turn around and you're standing here
E.M. Forster, What I Believe and Other Essays|If I had to choose between betraying my country and betraying my friend, I hope I should have the guts to betray my country.
Sarah Schulman, Empathy|Some people have sex by putting fishhooks in each other. Couple this act with a simple understanding of the basic function of all living creatures to expand and contract. Now, try that with fishhooks.
Kimberly Novosel, Loved|Some days you go bear hunting and you get eaten. Some days you come home with a nice rug to roll around on, and bear steaks. What they don't tell you as a kid is that sometimes you get the rug and steaks, but you also get some nice scars to go with them. As a child you don't understand that you can win, but that's it's not always worth the price. Once you understand and accept that possibility you become a real grown up, and the world becomes a much more serious place. Not less fun, but once you realize what can go wrong, it's a lot scarier to go hunting "bears".
Alexander Gordon Smith, Solitary|Yeah, because you'll really be showing them, won't you. Talk about cutting up your wrists to spite your fate.
Saadi|However much you study, you cannot know without action. A donkey laden with books is neither an intellectual nor a wise man. Empty of essence, what learning has he whether upon him is firewood or book?
Katherine McIntyre, Waking for Winter|She felt him smile against her neck and bit down, the sensation sending shivers through her. “Bad girl. If you keep doing that, I’ll have you stripped and on your back before you can blink.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|To love with expectations is, in the end, an oppressive, driven thing, and people know it when they receive it.
Pope Benedict XVI|Beauty, then, is not mere decoration, but rather an essential element of the liturgical action, since it is an attribute of God himself and his revelation. These considerations should make us realize the care which is needed, if the liturgical action is to reflect its innate splendour.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|The argument has long been made that we humans are by nature compassionate and empathic despite the occasional streak of meanness, but torrents of bad news throughout history have contradicted that claim, and little sound science has backed it. But try this thought experiment. Imagine the number of opportunities people around the world today might have to commit an antisocial act, from rape or murder to simple rudeness and dishonesty. Make that number the bottom of a fraction. Now for the top value you put the number of such antisocial acts that will actually occur today. That ratio of potential to enacted meanness holds at close to zero any day of the year. And if for the top value you put the number of benevolent acts performed in a given day, the ratio of kindness to cruelty will always be positive. (The news, however, comes to us as though that ratio was reversed.)Harvard's Jerome Kagan proposes this mental exercise to make a simple point about human nature: the sum total of goodness vastly outweighs that of meanness. 'Although humans inherit a biological bias that permits them to feel anger, jealousy, selfishness and envy, and to be rude, aggressive or violent,' Kagan notes, 'they inherit an even stronger biological bias for kindness, compassion, cooperation, love and nurture – especially toward those in need.' This inbuilt ethical sense, he adds, 'is a biological feature of our species.
Patrick Ness, A Monster Calls|I couldn't stand the waiting anymore. I couldn't stand how alone it made me feel."And a part of you wished it would just end, said the monster, even if it meant losing her.And the nightmare began. The nightmare that always ended with -"I let her go," Conor choked out. "I could have held on but I let her go."And that, the monster said, is the truth."I didn't mean it, though!" Conor said, his voice rising. "I didn't mean to let her go! And now it's for real! Now she's going to die and it's my fault!"And that, the monster said, is not the truth at all.
Christopher Brennan|Were knowledge all, what were our needTo thrill and faint and sweetly bleed?
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|But in his years among the drow, Drizzt Do'Urden had learned to look beyond physical beauty and physical attraction. Drizzt did not separate the physical from the emotional. He was a superb fighter because he fought with his heart and would no sooner battle merely for the sake of battle than he would mate for the sake of the physical act.
Alicia Silverstone|I'm a wonderful disaster. So are you. We're all a mess. We're in this culture that says take this pill and you'll be happy, go on this diet and you'll be thinner, have your teeth whitened, people will love you more.
Chuck Klosterman, but what if we are wrong chuck klosterman|And I'm probably wrong. Maybe not completely, but partially. And maybe not today, but eventually.
Lee Argus|Through the darkest hours of the nightand through the dreamers realm I seek,Far beyond the starry skyand beyond galaxies I am free.Through the grimmest memoriesand past a seasons air I cannot breathe,Far beyond this mortal worldin an afterlife we shall meet.
James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology|Overall, Cyber Shield Act is an excellent idea and could facilitate a much-needed cultural shift in secure device manufacturing and upkeep.
Donatella Versace|When I was in the hospital they gave me apple juice every morning, even after I told them I didn't like it. I had to get even. One morning, I poured the apple juice into the specimen tube. The nurse held it up and said, 'It's a little cloudy.' I took the tube from her and said, 'Let me run it through again,' and drank it. The nurse fainted.
Tyffani Clark Kemp, The Man Without Rules|She'd just had the best sex of her life, with an ex-boyfriend she'd spent the last decade pretending didn't exist, in his adorable half-finished, renovating-by-himself one room schoolhouse. Unsettled wouldn't even begin to describe how Laney should be feeling, and it didn't matter, because how she actually felt was pretty damn good.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|He was nearsighted. The future lay before him, inevitable but invisible.
Henrietta Dumont|She would also be creating her own bridal bouquet. She wanted to feel the fragility and softness of each petal. And to make the single flowers stronger than they’d been separately. Just as she was stronger now, together with people who loved and accepted her.
Ray Bradbury|The essentials," I answered, "are to learn to shape God with forethought, care, and work; to educate and benefit their community, their families, and themselves; and to contribute to the fulfillment of the Destiny.
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|When it comes to recognizing your greatness, start first within your mind. Start now, in this moment. Imagine, imagine, imagine and then believe!
Maggie Stiefvater, Linger|So it comes to this: I would have lost her either way. If Cole hadn't reinfected her, I would have lost her in the hospital bed. And now Cole's wolf tozin pumps through her veins, and I lose her to the woods, like I lose everything I love.So here is me, and I am a boy watched--by her parents' suspicious eyes, since they cannot prove that I kidnapped Grace but believe nonetheless--and I am a boy watchful--because Tom Culpeper's bitterness is growing palpable in this tiny town and I will NOT bury Grace's body--and I am a boy waiting--for the heat and the fruitfulness of summer, waiting to see who will walk out of those woods for me. Waiting for my lovely summer girl.
Aditya Pandya|The man who is completely wise and virtuous has no need of glory, except so far as it…eases his way to action by the greater trust that it procures him.
Enza Vita|Thoughts, by their nature, come and go endlessly in you. But you are not the thought; you are the one seeing the thought, so any thought of who you are cannot be the truth of who you are.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Don't want a complicated love. Just want you to grab my demons, kiss my madness and run away with me.
Aristotle|I live in that solitude which is painful in youth, but delicious in the years of maturity.
Jay Asher, Thirteen Reasons Why|Maybe if I forgot things once in a while, we'd all be a little bit happier.
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|As the hours crept by, the afternoon sunlight bleached all the books on the shelves to pale, gilded versions of themselves and warmed the paper and ink inside the covers so that the smell of unread words hung in the air.
Edith Wharton, Souls Belated|How stand I, then,That have a father killed, a mother stained,Excitements of my reason and my blood,And let all sleep, while to my shame I seeThe imminent death of twenty thousand menThat for a fantasy and trick of fameGo to their graves like beds, fight for a plotWhereon the numbers cannot try the cause,Which is not tomb enough and continentTo hide the slain? O, from this time forthMy thoughts be bloody or be nothing 
Mark Z. Danielewski, House of Leaves|Head for the moon. If you miss, you will still be among the stars
Debasish Mridha|Fire can destroy everything, but it is also the most important creative force.
Morris Gleitzman, Grace|Don't sit back and wait for God to do it all. Ask for His advice, but be prepared to do the hard yards yourself.
Davey Havok|If you've got a big gut and you start doing sit-ups, you are going to get bigger because you build up the muscle. You've got to get rid of that fat! How do you get rid of fat? By changing your diet.
Portia Nelson|TREE HOUSEA tree house, a free house,A secret you and me house,A high up in the leafy branchesCozy as can be house.A street house, a neat house,Be sure to wipe your feet houseIs not my kind of house at all- Let's go live in a tree house.
Pete Hamill, Downtown: My Manhattan|A half-century later, Mark Twain would say that the gold rush drastically changed the American character, ending the tradition of patient apprenticeships, the gradual mastery of self, talent, and money. Gold created the get-rich-quick mentality that has been with us ever since, most recently during the dot-com bubble of the late 1990s.
Tonny K. Brown|A hero is not know by the number of battles he has won, but rather by the kind of battles he chooses to fight.
Stephen King|And he isn't crying for her, not for his grandma, he's crying for himself: that he: too, is going to die one day. And before that his friends wil die, and the friends of his friends, and, as time passes, the children of his friends, and, if his fate is truly bitter, his own children. (58)
Donald Spoto, Reluctant Saint: The Life of Francis of Assisi|Had his own way of praying, he had said; that old excuse. As if we were meant to be solitary. As if the church were not about holding the community together, as this sinful one needed.
Nick Vujicic|While the male eye zooms in on a particular element to the exclusion of all else, a woman's gaze flickers from one tedious task to the next, to the point where we can't distinguish between the importance of mopping the kitchen floor and achieving world peace.
Santosh Kalwar, That's My Love Story|The things I know, every man can know, but, oh, my heart is mine alone!
Ben Bova|If you live in a dirty big city, it means that you surely need a pastoral life to make yourself clean!
Green Tea|Being recognized for your efforts… It is an impossible task. People are not particularly interested in efforts of others. Even if they recognized your efforts, they will forget it quickly, and instead…for a much longer time, they will remember you for your mistakes.
Octavia E. Butler|In order to rise from its own ashes, a Phoenix first must burn.
Bob  Hamilton, Earthdream: The Marriage of Reason and Intuition|In its quest to discover how the patterns of reality are organised, the story of modern science hints at a picture of a set of Chinese puzzle boxes, each one more intricately structured and wondrous than the last. Every time the final box appears to have been reached, a key has been found which has opened up another, revealing a new universe even more breathtakingly improbable in its conception. We are now forced to suspect that, for human reason, there is no last box, that in some deeply mysterious, virtually unfathomable, self-reflective way, every time we open a still smaller box, we are actually being brought closer to the box with which we started, the box which contains our own conscious experience of the world. This is why no theory of knowledge, no epistemology, can ever escape being consumed by its own self-generated paradoxes. And this is why we must consider the universe to be irredeemably mystical.
Betsy Lerner, Food and Loathing: A Life Measured Out in Calories|I hadn't been able to trust since the age of four. I was torn between wanting to be cradled and telling the world to go fuck itself, and those were opposite sides of the same coin.
Marquis de Sade, Betrayal|I can’t control your behavior; nor do I want that burden… but I will not apologize for refusing to be disrespected, to be lied to, or to be mistreated. I have standards; step up or step out.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned|The note is the same, I fancy, be the octave high or low.
Karen Chamberlain|All family stories are important, just as all people are important, and they deserve to be passed along.
Krishna-Dwaipayana Vyasa, The Bhagavadgita or The Song Divine|Both the mind and "presence" can work beautifully together, in the absence of ego.
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|When you cannot feel,The purity of love, The tenderness of beauty, The drinkability of wine, The simplicity of a smile, You have to go back and drink coffee
Jim Butcher, Academ's Fury|For me, the times I always regret are missed opportunities to say farewell to good people, to wish them long life and say to them in all sincerity, "You build and do not destroy; you sow goodwill and reap it; smiles bloom in the wake of your passing, and I will keep your kindness in trust and share it as occasion arises, so that your life will be a quenching draught of calm in a land of drought and stress." Too often I never get to say that when it should be said. Instead, I leave them with the equivalent of a "Later, dude!" only to discover there would be no later for us.
Alan Paton, Too Late the Phalarope|There's a hard law, mejuffrou, that when a deep injury is done to us, we never recover until we forgive.
Katherine McIntyre, By the Sea|Sunlight on orchids Lightning on water Twilight calls your name I have searched for you for centuries I am the woman who fell in love by accident- Virtual love- who would have thought, is it even possible? ( I believe so ) I raise my white flag and listen for your echo in my dreams I'm walking backwards to find you in my past I'm entangled in your fate~ ~Lady A~
Fabrizio Moreira, The Gift That Would Change My Life|A real job can kill a real dream, chase your real dreams
Alan Sitomer, The Rise of the Dorkasaurus|Q and Beanpole and I giggled at the way our math teacher, Mr. Sung-Li, wore four pencils in his shirt pocket in case he was suddenly attacked by a multiplication problem or something.
Phil Wohl, Big Chief Brooklyn|As David Zucker watched the casket of his late wife being lowered into the ground, he thought the worst must surely be over and it was time to start the slow healing process to begin life anew.
Clay Aiken|We had a music teacher in sixth grade, and I saw her tune her guitar. I said, 'Whoa. There's a certain way to do this.' I bought a packet of strings - some of mine were broken - and had her tune it for me. For a while, I just kept it like that. But I got the Internet finally, when I was 14, and started learning.
Anaïs Nin|I am lonely, yet not everybody will do. I don’t know why, some people fill the gaps and others emphasize my loneliness.
Galileo Galilei, Discoveries and Opinions of Galileo|I will lose the habit of stars in the heavens, as frozen water loses the habit of snowflakes. I will take my frozen body, and give it to the young goats that they might graze it.
Azar Nafisi|Honesty is always the best policy, even when it's not the trend.
Simon Sinek|What is success? I think it is a mixture of having a flair for the thing that you are doing; knowing that it is not enough, that you have got to have hard work and a certain sense of purpose.
Sadie Jones|It's not a romance, it's a love story.
Josh Stern, And That's Why I'm Single: What Good Is Having A Lucky Horseshoe Up Your Butt When The Horse Is Still Attached?|happiness is a choice. If you choose to mope and be glum, you shall be; but if you wish to be happy and determine to enjoy what life has to offer, then you can have that as well.“She said that nothing is all good or all bad, that life offers everyone a mix of both—though sometimes it does not seem so, and bad is all we can see in our lives, while in the lives of others we see only good and feel envy. She said we must enjoy the good despite the bad, else life can beat us down and leave us hopeless, and that is no way to live.
Antonio Machado, Campos de Castilla|Wanderer, your footsteps are the road, and nothing more; wanderer, there is no road, the road is made by walking. By walking one makes the road, and upon glancing behind one sees the path that never will be trod again. Wanderer, there is no road-- Only wakes upon the sea.Caminante, son tus huellas el camino, y nada más; caminante, no hay camino, se hace camino al andar. Al andar se hace camino, y al volver la vista atrás se ve la senda que nunca se ha de volver a pisar. Caminante, no hay camino, sino estelas en la mar.
Pippa DaCosta, Devil May Care|Yes, but I am not human and to expect me to live by your rules or values is unrealistic. For my kind, I am quite altruistic.” Tyler Jones/Dhavenbahtek to Thulu and La Fi.
Laurence J. Peter|When placed in command, take charge.
Oscar Wilde, An Ideal Husband|Reading the very best writers—let us say Homer, Dante, Shakespeare, Tolstoy—is not going to make us better citizens. Art is perfectly useless, according to the sublime Oscar Wilde, who was right about everything. He also told us that all bad poetry is sincere. Had I the power to do so, I would command that these words be engraved above every gate at every university, so that each student might ponder the splendor of the insight.
Steve Carell|The majority of the world is empty space. Empty space, empty space, empty space. All that we see in the world, the life, the animals, plants, people - it's all empty space. That's amazing!
James S.A. Corey, Leviathan Wakes|Man's love is of man's life a thing apart,'Tis woman's whole existence.
Bob Newhart|My dad had a lot of bad luck. You could see his suffering, his terrible suffering, living a life that was disappointing and looking for another one.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|There have been occasions in my later life (I suppose in most lives) when I have felt for a time as if a thick curtain had fallen on all interest in romance, to shut me out from anything save dull endurance.
Henry Rollins|Imagine a 15-year-old kid saying, 'I have two moms - it's cool.' I don't fear that at all.
Angelos Michalopoulos, The man who has only one truth in him|I am the sum of all the words I’ve said to you,I am the sum of all the things I’ve done to you.I’m the sum of all my right decisions and all my mistakes,all my triumphs and all my defeats,I’m all the moments I daredand all those I was scared,all the ugliness I createdand all the beauty I destroyed.
Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea|After a victim is made to participate in an act of evil, the people in charge put a lot of energy into convincing the child or adult that he or she is evil and a perpetrator rather than a victim.p324
Alice Munro|I can't play bridge. I don't play tennis. All those things that people learn, and I admire, there hasn't seemed time for. But what there is time for is looking out the window.
Susan Dormady Eisenberg, The Voice I Just Heard|The dirty secret she’d learned about grief was that nobody wanted to hear about your loss a week after the funeral. People you’d once considered friends would turn their heads in church or cross to another side of a shopping mall to avoid the contamination of your suffering. “You might imagine I’m coping day by day,” she murmured. “But it’s more a case of hour by hour, and during my worst times, minute by minute.
Giselle Ellis, Take My Picture|Aaron’s mouth dropped open when he entered the “room;” it was more like a huge open loft … no walls, huge floor to ceiling windows, shiny hardwood floors … perfect for a studio. He had no idea how Jake had acquired such a huge space in Manhattan.As if reading his mind, Alyson leaned over and whispered, “He bought the place next door and tore down the walls.”“Perfect,” replied Aaron, “and did he happen to find a treasure chest hidden in one of the walls as well?”“What do you mean?”“I mean, how the holy hell does he afford this place? He looks like he’s twelve.”“He’s twenty-​two, and he happens to be quite successful.”“At twenty-​fucking-​two?”“He was born with talent?” Alyson said questioningly.“He’s a lucky wanker who blew the right people?” suggested Aaron.Alyson tried to scowl but grinned instead, “A child prodigy?”“A deal with the devil?”“Naturally gifted?”“An indulgent sugar daddy?”“How about ‘c) All of the above’?” asked a third voice from behind the partition at the far corner of the studio.
Suzanne Vega|I can not, therefore, see how this can be imputed as a crime, or how any of the king's ministers can be blamed for his doing what the public has no concern in; for if the public be well and faithfully served it has no business to ask by whom.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby|If we just had some time to ourselves, we could talk to each other the way we used to. Maybe about nothing in particular at first, but even that would be a start.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|... the most reliable and useful courage was that which arises from the fair estimation of the encountered peril,
Tracy Bilen, What She Left Behind|We're all that matters. Our lips touch with each word he speaks, his stare so intense that I know he can see straight through to my soul.
Leslie Charteris, Trust the Saint|While the Saint, when it was necessary to play the part, could assume an aspect of proud or unprincipled poverty that would evoke a responsive twang from any normal heartstring, his usual appearance, fortunately or unfortunately, suggested a person who was so far on the other side of having been born with a silver spoon in his mouth that he must have been seriously shocked when he first learned that gold spoons were not standard issue.
Vergi Crush|A simple "Hi" has potential to make you blush, if received from your crush ...
Terry Bradshaw|I literally wear a mask. When I take it off, I'm a father. I'm a husband. I like to come home, and I like to spend time with family, and I like to travel, and I like to have a good time. And I like to be a kid every now and giggle and play with my kids.
John Darnielle, Universal Harvester|I had a very happy childhood, but I wasn't that happy a child. I liked being alone and creating characters and voices. I think that's when your creativity is developed, when you're young. I liked the world of the imagination because it was an easy place to go to.
Mark Cuban|When I was a kid, the only way I saw movies was from the back seat of my family's car at the drive-in.
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|I take my integrity seriously, but make no mistake, I do not rely on others to do the same.
Saleem Haddad, Guapa|I have laughter and amazement, not search results. I have unexpected longings, not hierarchical ratings.
David Sedaris, When You Are Engulfed in Flames|I don’t know why it was, exactly, but nothing irritated my father quite like the sound of his children’s happiness. Group crying, he could stand, but group laughing was asking for it, especially at the dinner table.
Hope Mirrlees, Lud-in-the-Mist|Master Nathaniel looked at him. The fixed stare, the slightly-open mouth, the rigid motionless body, fettered by a misery too profound for restlessness — how well he knew the state of mind these things expressed! But there must surely be relief in thus allowing the mood to mould the body's attitude to its own s
Anne Boleyn|All violence consists in some people forcing others, under threat of suffering or death, to do what they do not want to do.
Christina Engela, Dead Man's Hammer|A moment of clarity I realise that I stress so much about the past, because I am scared of the future.It is easier for my mind to occupy itself with troubles of long-ago; rather than greet fears of the unknown tomorrow. The goal is to be alive now and live in the moment. But there are days when I find this almost impossible to achieve. Yet knowing this is liberating. Jane Yates 02/02/2016
Rob Brezsny, Pronoia is the Antidote for Paranoia: How the Whole World is Conspiring to Shower You With Blessings|On the way down the hill we walked three abreast in the cobblestone street, drunk and laughing and talking like men who knew they would separate at dawn and travel to the far corners of the earth.
Jeannette Walls, The Glass Castle|It was a lone tree burning on the desert. A heraldic tree that the passing storm had left afire. The solitary pilgrim drawn up before it had traveled far to be here and he knelt in the hot sand and held his numbed hands out while all about in that circle attended companies of lesser auxiliaries routed forth into the inordinate day, small owls that crouched silently and stood from foot to foot and tarantulas and solpugas and vinegarroons and the vicious mygale spiders and beaded lizards with mouths black as a chowdog's, deadly to man, and the little desert basilisks that jet blood from their eyes and the small sandvipers like seemly gods, silent and the same, in Jeda, in Babylon. A constellation of ignited eyes that edged the ring of light all bound in a precarious truce before this torch whose brightness had set back the stars in their sockets.
Cheryl Strayed, Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail|I cried and I cried and I cried. I wasn't crying because I was happy. I wasn't crying because I was sad. I wasn't crying because of my mother or my father or Paul. I was crying because I was full...I didn't feel like a big fate idiot anymore. And I didn't feel like a hard-ass motherfucking Amazonian queen. I felt fierce and humble and gathered up inside, like I was safe in this world too.
Bill Bryson, A Short History of Nearly Everything|Bipedalism is a demanding and risky strategy. It means refashioning the pelvis into a full load-bearing instrument. To preserve the required strength, the birth canal in the female must be comparatively narrow. This has two very significant immediate consequences and one longer-term one. First, it means a lot of pain for any birthing mother and greatly increased danger of fatality to mother and baby both. Moreover, to get the baby's head through such a tight space it must be born while it's brain is still small - and while the baby, therefore, is still helpless. This means long-term infant care, which in turn implies solid male-female bonding.
Edmond Rostand, Cyrano de Bergerac|Ethics and I had crossed paths recently, and I’m not sure that I fell on the right side of the morality line.
Nancy Werlin, Impossible|It is absolutely okay with me if you need to keep some secrets. I've been thinking about this and I decided that a best friend is someone who, when they don't understand, they still understand.
J.R. Rim|I wonder in what way I would function as a person, in a society without ever attending school. I'd be myself.
Robby Charters, Pepe: homeless slum kid versus evil wired up president|The Prophet was a true friend to the king. Our true friends are those who tell us the truth, even when we don't want to hear it.
Edwin Fontanez, The Illuminated Forest|There are tales that rise like the early sun, breathe, and take on a life of their own. There are ones that flow quietly and effortlessly until time forsakes them, but there are others that fight until they find their way to the edge of reality, as if coming straight out of a dream.
Kamand Kojouri|A negative outlook is dangerous. When you say, “It can’t get any worse!” You're essentially challenging the universe to do exactly that.
Graham Moore, The Sherlockian|Watson is a cheap, efficient little sod of a literary device. Holmes doesn't need him to solve crimes any more than he needs a ten-stone ankle weight. The audience, Arthur. The audience needs Watson as an intermediary, so that Holmes's thoughts might be forever kept just out of reach. If you told stories from Holmes's perspective, everyone would know what the bleeding genius was thinking the whole time. They'd have the culprit fingered on page one.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Choosing beauty and love does not mean being uninformed or weak; it means you clearly see the ugliness, but choose love anyway.
J.R.R. Tolkien|If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world.
Fennel Hudson, Fine Things - Fennel's Journal - No. 8|In with the new, out with the old.’ That’s what we’re told. We have to change, adapt, compromise.
Ursula K. Le Guin, Changing Planes|Without language, they have no lies. Thus they have no future.
William Golding|My yesterdays walk with me. They keep step, they are gray faces that peer over my shoulder.
William Shakespeare|As Shakespeare says, if you're going to do a thing you might as well pop right at it and get it over.
L.H. Cosway, Tegan's Blood|Well Abby, it’s not as simple as that. I hate to see you sad sweetheart, but it’s not that bad of a deal just having mommy is it? Are you not happy with me?” I hoped that this would throw her off her the questioning for a little while. It’s not that I never thought about dating, actually I take that back, it’s exactly that and I didn’t know how to get my mindset any differently. Abby looked at me, her baby blues delving deep into my soul “But, you deserve to be happy, too.” she whispered.
Hideaki Sorachi|Tears are handy for washing away troubling and sad feelings. But when you grow up, you'll learn that there are things so sad, they can never be washed away by tears. That there are painful memories that should never be washed away. So people who are truly strong laugh when they want to cry. They endure all of the pain and sorrow while laughing with everybody else.
Albert Camus|If, after all, men cannot always make history have a meaning, they can always act so that their own lives have one.
Stanley Kubrick|It used to bug me that I couldn't even afford to take my family for a proper holiday. I didn't have any professional knowledge, and getting a photographer's job in a magazine was out of the question. So, armed with a Pentax K1000, I started going to various maidans of Mumbai, looking for subjects.
L.P. Hartley, The Go-Between|If my twelve-year-old self, of whom I had grown rather fond, thinking about him, were to reproach me: 'Why have you grown up such a dull dog, when I gave you such a good start? Why have you spent your time in dusty libraries, catologuing other people's books instead of writing your own? What had become of the Ram, the Bull and the Lion, the example I gave you to emulate? Where above all is the Virgin, with her shining face and curling tresses, whom I entrusted to you'- what should I say?I should have an answer ready. 'Well, it was you who let me down, and I will tell you how. You flew too near to the sun, and you were scorched. This cindery creature is what you made me.'To which he might reply: 'But you have had half a century to get over it! Half a century, half the twentieth century, that glorious epoch, that golden age that I bequeathed to you!''Has the twentieth century,' I should ask, 'done so much better than I have? When you leave this room, which I admit is dull and cheerless, and take the last bus to your home in the past, if you haven't missed it - ask yourself whether you found everything so radiant as you imagined it. Ask yourself whether it has fulfilled your hopes. You were vanquished, Colston, you were vanquished, and so was your century, your precious century that you hoped so much of.
Sunday Adelaja|Until you believe in yourself, it does not matter how much you believe in God
Jack Benny|I grew up as a very sarcastic person. I was always the class clown, and to date girls, I had to be really funny. I was really skinny growing up. I was so thin, I had to run around in the shower to get wet. That kind of thin. So I always had to rely on humor and sarcasm.
Kat Simons, Once Upon a Tiger|Somehow, even outside the library and our clearing in the woods, we were still in our own world. Everything else could fade away, and he and I would remain, tied together by something I couldn't quite expline. In its simplest term, love.
Orison Swett Marden|Come away, O human child: To the waters and the wild with a fairy, hand in hand, For the world's more full of weeping than you can understand.
Jean Baudrillard|What we seek in travel is neither discovery nor trade but rather a gentle deterritorialization: we want to be taken over by the journey - in other words, by absence. As our metal vectors transcend meridians, oceans and poles, absence takes on a fleshy quality. The clandestineness of the depths of private life gives way to annihilation by longitude and latitude. But in the end the body tires of not knowing where it is, even if the mind finds this absence exalting, as if it were a quality proper to itself.Perhaps, after all, what we seek in others is the same gentle deterritorialization that we seek in travel. Instead of one's own desire, instead of discovery, we are tempted by exile in the desire of the other, or by the desire of the other as an ocean to cross. The looks and gestures of lovers already have the distance of exile about them; the language of lovers is an expatriation in words that are afraid to signify; and the bodies of lovers are a tender hologram to eye and hand, offering no resistance and hence susceptible of being crisscrossed, like airspace, by desire. We move around with circumspection on a mental planet of circumvolutions, and from our excesses and passions we bring back the same transparent memories as we do from our travels.
Carolina Herrera|I'm a little lavish I must admit. But I'm not really concerned with money. Being rich is not my goal, being wealthy is.
Robert A. Bradley, Husband-Coached Childbirth: The Bradley Method of Natural Childbirth|God schedules a birthday, not man.
One Direction|Every sin is an act of cosmic treason, a futile attempt to dethrone God in His sovereign authority.
David Rangel, Evan the Christmas Elf: Ghost Hunter|No matter how old you are, simple things can still bring you smile
David Hare|If we chose to refuse irony, we risk becoming irony's dupe.
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|If you want wise lessons, ask wise questions. The type of questions you often ask tells the kind of person you are.
Wallace Stevens, The Collected Poems|It matters, because everything we sayOf the past is description without place, a castOf the imagination, made in sound;And because what we say of the future must portend,Be alive with its own seemings, seeming to beLike rubies reddened by rubies reddening.
Leslie Stephen, An Agnostic's Apology and Other Essays|God is angry with man. Unless we believe and repent we shall all be damned. It is impossible, indeed, for its advocates even to say this without instantly contradicting themselves. Their doctrine frightens them. They explain in various ways that a great many people will be saved without believing, and that eternal damnation is not eternal nor damnation.
Anton Chekhov, Ivanov|Anna Petrovna: Do you know what, Kolya? Try and sing, laugh, get angry, as you once did... You stay in, we'll laugh and drink fruit liqueur and we'll drive away your depression in a flash. I'll sing if you like. Or else let's go and sit in the dark in your study as we used to, and you'll tell me about your depression... You have such suffering eyes. I'll look into them and cry, and we'll both feel better.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|Jane's stories are too sensible. Then Diana puts too much murders into hers. She says most of the time she doesn't know what to do with the people so she kills them off to get rid of them." -Anne Shirley
Lailah Gifty Akita|I have shed many tears.I have been broken in my spirit.But through it all, God's grace have lifted my soul.
Waciny Laredj, Histoires minuscules des révolutions arabes|Truth can come to liberate, but not the truth you were taught. Where you always sought refuge.You only met lies since you were born. You were always among the good, although humanity was evil itself. Will that ever make some sense? None and all. Ideally, nothing.
Woody Allen|If government can give you rights, government can take them away from you.
Victoria Osteen|I trust work, directors - I don't live in fear. All good experiences have come from trusting the universe. There is no other way to live or love. Otherwise, you create your own prison.
Jay Woodman, SPAN|But it is the subjects, the conversations, the facts we shy away from, which claim us in the form of writer's block, as mere rhetoric, as hysteria, insomnia, and constriction of the throat.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|If I should get lost in all the chaos of the world, pull your butterly net and catch me in the beauty of your love. Remind me of important things -- friends, flowers, fields of cool grass under bare feet, blue skies above, rain on my face, and freedom... freedom to make a difference, freedom to be me. Pull out your butterfly net and remind me of these things, and most of all... your undying love.
Baruch Spinoza, Ethics|Minds, however, are conquered not by arms, but by love and nobility.
Roman Payne|When a Wanderess has been caged, or perched with her wings clipped, She lives like a Stoic, She lives most heroic, smiling with ruby, moistened lips once her cup of Death is welcome sipped.
Erol Ozan|In time, all great masterpieces turn into shameless creatures who laugh at their creators.
bell hooks, Teaching Community: A Pedagogy of Hope|When we only name the problem, when we state complaint without a constructive focus or resolution, we take hope away. In this way critique can become merely an expression of profound cynicism, which then works to sustain dominator culture.
Bandile M Matsenjwa|When stars come out to play, I find it hard to get you off my mindSoI wrote this
Colleen McCarty, Mounting the Whale|Guys have a mental calendar of days in the week, and below the days are empty boxes. On days when they have sex, the box gets a checked. The check mark means all is good and right in the world. An empty box means...not that.
R.J.  Lawrence, The Xactilias Project|...his eyes lit up and glowed red against the dark bulk of it. A moment they remained so ... then they soared up, phosphorescently opalescent, with a predominance of red, like two sinful dead planets escaping from Hell.
Mizuko Ito, Living and Learning with New Media: Summary of Findings from the Digital Youth Project|...rather than assuming that education is primarily about preparing for jobs and careers, what would it mean to think of education as a process of guiding kids' participation in public life more generally, a public life that includes social, recreational, and civic engagement.
mr. sid|Maybe I'm too late to be your first. But right now, I'm preparing myself to be your last.
Riitta Klint|Sometimes people appear in your life unexpectedly like a gift from the Universe. You didn’t even know you needed them, or that you had called out silently to them. They appear when you needed them most, to lift you, educate you, wake you up, or shine a light on your path. They sprout the seed that was in you, and patiently watch that seed emerge from the soil. Sometimes it wears them out to water and fertilize you every single day as you grow. This is a delicate time, you as the plant, and they as the nurturer. You as the plant need them for your growth, and they as your nurturer, have to have the energy to believe in your growth. Then, one day you blossom, and awaken to the beauty around you and rejoice. The only thing you ask from them anymore, is to celebrate the flower they have brought to life, and to accept the riches you now will give to them.
Theodore H. White, The Making of the President 1960|Call me a proud American, if you want, but I truly believe that no other nation on Earth possesses the capabilities to put on a more powerful display of underwater mermaid patriotism.
Vint Cerf|The game of life is a game of boomerangs. Our thoughts, deeds and words return to us sooner or later with astounding accuracy.
J. Sheridan Le Fanu, Uncle Silas|(...) and I tell you, Austin Ruthyn, if you won't look about and marry somebody, somebody may possibly marry you.
Josephine Hart, The Reconstructionist|My mother insured that a life of petty facts and dutiful farming was kept at bay by her passionate intensity, which nurtured the essential dreaminess of his nature
Nick Cave|An educated man believing in a this-that vile sky-god rewarding him-her, but punishing your enemies with hell and fire, is uneducated.
Steve Jobs|You have to be burning with an idea, or a problem, or a wrong that you want to right. If you're not passionate enough from the start, you'll never stick it out.
Shunryu Suzuki, Zen Mind, Beginner's Mind: Informal Talks on Zen Meditation and Practice|Perhaps we now need to engineer scarcity in our communications, in our interactions, and in the things we consume. Otherwise our lives become like a Morse code transmission that's lacking breaks - a swarm of noise blanketing the valuable data beneath.
Kenya Wright, The Muse|I have nothing I want to ask you, and if I did, you would probably lie anyway.”“I’m drunk. Drunk people tell the truth.”“Like hell they do. Besides you’re not that drunk.”“Then dare me something.”I snorted. “No, because I’m not that drunk, or stupid.
Rosa Brooks|Many at the State Department think its their job, not the Army's, to develop cultural and regional expertise and relationships. In such quarters, the RAF concept looks less like an innovative approach to global risk management than yet another military effort to replace diplomats with soldiers.
Vishwas Chavan|Once you achieve self intimacy & self-connection, success, peace & wealth is not far from you.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|I only hope, for the sake of the rising male sex generally, that you may be found in as vulnerable and soft-hearted a mood by the first eligible young fellow who appeals to your compassion.
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|When you laugh at yourself, you gain perspective. Then you realize that the mistakes you made, as long as they didn't hurt anyone but yourself——well, you can forgive yourself for those.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|One always has to wonder anew how anyone could imagine a god, who, so overwhelmingly intelligent and powerful as to have been able to create this enormously complex world and the vast universe it floats around in, would populate it with a bunch of humans whose primary purpose consisted of bowing subserviently in worship.
Ernst Boris Chain|The Biblical writers not only had no knowledge of these things, but they had a perverted concept of life and the universe. Their concept was that man was a victim of blood pollution and his only salvation was by a blood atonement.I remember once seeing a small pamphlet entitled, 'What the Bible Teaches about Morality.' On opening the little booklet, it was discovered to be nothing but blank pages! Another such pamphlet might very appropriately be published entitled, 'What the Bible Reveals about Disease, Medicine and Health,' and blank pages should be used for all the Bible contains about these vital subjects.On the contrary, these benefits have been denounced by the believers in the Bible, and by the representatives of the Bible's deity as being contrary to 'God's Plan.' Does not the Bible plainly state that only by the sweat of his brow is man to labor for the bread he eats? Here is the exact Biblical quotation: 'In the sweat of thy face thou shalt eat bread...' and why? Only because he sought knowledge.And does not the Bible God place a curse upon man for the knowledge that has been such a solace and benefit to him? Here is another exact Biblical quotation: '... cursed be the ground for thy sake; in pain thou shalt eat of it all the days of thy life.'The Bible is a lie.It is a fake and a fraud.I denounce this book and its God. I hold it in utter detestation.Every man and woman who has contributed to the relief of the pain and suffering of humanity has been an infidel to the Bible God! Every new invention, every new discovery for the benefit of man violates these Biblical edicts!I say, seek knowledge—defy this tyrant God—it is your only salvation.
Julia Child|If you can't pay for a thing, don't buy it. If you can't get paid for it, don't sell it. Do this, and you will have calm and drowsy nights, with all of the good business you have now and none of the bad. If you have time, don't wait for time.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|if... says: 'Do not be greedy, be generous', you may inwardly interpret this in such a manner that you will develop a greed for generosity
Arthur C. Clarke|But please remember: this is only a work of fiction. The truth, as always, will be far stranger.
Rhonda Riley, The Enchanted Life of Adam Hope|there can be no failure to a human who has not lost his courage, unlike a drop of water which loses its identity when it joins the ocean, human does not lose his being in the society in which he lives
Epictetus|When all the world appears to be in a tumult, and nature itself is feeling the assault of climate change, the seasons retain their essential rhythm. Yes, fall gives us a premonition of winter, but then, winter, will be forced to relent, once again, to the new beginnings of soft greens, longer light, and the sweet air of spring.
Chris Bloor, Facebook and Philosophy: What's on Your Mind?|It is critical that both North and South work collectively for facing the online challenges in defeating the criminals but we also need to ensure that the internet remains a platform for freedom of expression and uncensored information otherwise, it will have a negative impact on social economic development.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|Driven by a wish to save Tomás from a life of penury and misunderstanding, Fermin had decided that he needed to develop my friend's latent conversational and social skills.Like the good ape he is, man is a social animal, characterized by cronyism, nepotism, corruption, and gossip. That's the intrinsic blueprint for our ethical behavior.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|I never lie. I believe everything I say, so it`s not a lie.
Matthew Donnelly|Compared to Eternity, The seconds of "Now" are more valuable than all the money and valuables in the world combined.
Juliette Lewis|When it came to my childhood - growing up in a single-parent home, often struggling financially - my mother definitely instilled in me and my siblings this strength, this will, to just continue to survive and succeed.
Daytona Louise Sayers|Woman will always continue to be a cute riddle or a beautiful puzzle, in the meantime man believes that he solves it.
Albert Einstein|If I were not a physicist, I would probably be a musician. I often think in music. I live my daydreams in music. I see my life in terms of music.
Samael Aun Weor|When the mind stops searching, when it stops wanting refuge, when it no longer goes in search of security, when it no longer craves more books and information, when it ignores even the memory of desire, only then will Love arrive within.
Martha Char Love, Increasing Intuitional Intelligence: How the Awareness of Instinctual Gut Feelings Fosters Human Learning, Intuition, and Longevity|What better way could we teach our children the importance of learning to push forward despite failure than to openly embrace in the education system Trial and Learn as our truly only human learning process. In doing so, we eliminate the stigma of failure and view it as an important part of the process of learning.
C. JoyBell C.|We doubt in others, what is in fact in ourselves. The skeletons in your own closet are the things that scare you the most about others; people who come from a background of lying are suspicious of lying in others and so on and so forth. The most trusting of people, are not people who have never been betrayed or who have never felt pain; but the most trusting of people are those who in themselves do not find those things worthy of that blame. We see the world through the eyes of the condition of our own souls.
Vincent Bugliosi|People relate to me, and I try to make songs that make people smile.
Anne Carson, Nox|Prowling the meanings of a word, prowling the history of a person, no use expecting a flood of light. Human words have no main switch. But all those little kidnaps in the dark. And then the luminous, big, shivering, discandied, unrepentant, barking web of them that hangs in your mind when you turn back to the page you were trying to translate...
Pepper Winters, Twisted Together|Humans to ashes,People to dust,Its all because in God we trust.
VENKATA NAVEEN KASAGANA|Here lies the challenge in finding good salespeople. You need excellent empathizers who aren't so empathetic they can't close a sale. And you need people with strong ego needs who can still take a moment to figure out what another person wants. They must be aggressive enough to close, but not so aggressive they put people off. Too much empathy and you'll be a nice guy finishing last. Too much ego drive and you'll be scorching earth everywhere you go. Not enough of either and you shouldn't be in sales at all. It's a miracle anyone can do this job.
Rollo May, Man's Search for Himself|Finding the center of strength within ourselves is in the long run the best contribution we can make to our fellow men. ... One person with indigenous inner strength exercises a great calming effect on panic among people around him. This is what our society needs — not new ideas and inventions; important as these are, and not geniuses and supermen, but persons who can "be", that is, persons who have a center of strength within themselves.
Joan Mcintosh|The secret of happiness ... is to be in harmony with existence  to be always calm  always lucid  always willing "to be joined to the universe without being more conscious of it than an idiot " to let each wave of life wash us a little farther up the shore.
Maria Montessori|I think it's very important for writers and artists generally to be witnesses to the world, and to be transparent. To let other people speak... to travel... to experience the world. And memorialize it.
Jason T. Rogers, Social, The Power of Relationships|What you envision for the future, out of fear or out of joy, will become reality as the sands of time carve those paths of thought into your mind and soul.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|if education doesn't solve a problem, then it is a problem; If the educated do not solve problems, then they are the problems.
Catriona McPherson, Dandy Gilver and the Proper Treatment of Bloodstains|What has she done to deserve such scorn?' I said. He had the grace to look uncomfortable as he answered. 'Not her in particular, miss,' he said, 'Just her sort. People like her in general, I mean.''Oh Harry,' I said, 'there is no such thing as people in general. Everyone is someone very particular.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Instead of being regarded as intelligent or knowledgeable, many a woman would rather be regarded as beautiful or good in the kitchen; many a man, as handsome or good in bed.
Barack Obama|Money won't create success, the freedom to make it will.
Mohith Agadi|Frustration is actually a self-served phenomenon, which happens due to no self-control or confidence.
Amit Abraham|Why, she wondered, do we always reserve our worst hatred for our own?
James Frey, The Calling|Being not perfect is not about making mistakes and saying I'm sorry, but! its about learning from it and then being perfect for not making the same mistake again.
M.H. Rakib, The Cavalier|Only trust me! You have fallen into a fit of despondency and there is not the least need! In fact, nothing could be more fatal, in any predicament! It encourages one to suppose that there is nothing to be done, when a little resolution is all that is wanted to bring matters to a happy conclusion.
Samuel Beckett, Molloy, Malone Dies, The Unnamable|Yes, there is no good pretending, it is hard to leave everything.
Moshe Seidel|The words a person reads and hears and repeats become his own, enter his verbal storehouse. When needed they become, even if he does not know it, the clothing for the thoughts to which he gives birth.
Bertrand Russell, История западной философии|Со своей стороны, я предпочитаю онтологическое доказательство [существования Бога], космологическое доказательство и остальной старый запас аргументов той сентиментальной нелогичности, которая берет начало от Руссо. Старые доказательства были по крайней мере честными; если они правильные, то они доказывали свою точку зрения, если они неправильные, то для любой критики доступно доказать это. Но новая теология сердца отказывается от доказательства; она не может быть отвергнута, потому что она не претендует на доказательство своей точки зрения. В конечном счете единственным основанием для ее принятия оказывается то, что она позволяет нам предаваться приятным грезам. Это не заслуживающая уважения причина, и, если бы я выбирал между Фомой Аквинским и Руссо, я выбрал бы Фому Аквинского.
Misty Copeland|The difficulties of life don't stop attacking your self-worth and self-confidence, you just have to repair and fortify every time. Recall and recite it; tell yourself what you are worth.
Scott Fujita|It's well proven that if you have equality in society, society flourishes, and if you have inequality, it doesn't. So it's good for everybody.
Russell Kirk, The Conservative Mind: From Burke to Eliot|At the same time believers realise that the defects they see in one another are tests from Allah. For this reason they don't call attention to these defects, but compensate for them by acting positively. They carefully avoid the slightest action, facial expression or word that would suggest ridicule.
Don Roff|I never said you were supposed to be a jailer, i only said a normal person would have questioned why someone would create a decoy nun and then crawl out the window.
Matthew Stokoe, High Life|I'd done it, I'd crossed the line between accepted behavior and behavior most of the population would consider a lynching offense, and that morning I felt as real as any of the men in the Escape commercials. It had been dirty and nasty but I wanted more.
Brian Sandoval|I would assert that highly effective leaders are made more than they're born. Every leader I know who's been highly effective has worked hard at it, and they've been students of it. The more you're a student of leadership, the more you figure out what works for you and the more effective you're going to be.
Maryam Abdullah Alnaymi|An orange day, a happy day, a brand-new day in the secret language that only the three of us seemed to understand."Mmmmm," Daddy said, taking a bite of his roll. "Orange wakes you up, but cinnamon makes you remember.
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|my beauty, flower by flower, star by star,wave by wave, love, I have counted your body.
Albert Camus, The Fall|I sometimes try to imagine what future historians will say about us. They'll be able to sum up modern man in a single sentence: he fornicated and read the papers. After that robust description, I should guess there will be no more to say on the subject.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|It almost seems as though this roiling world is conspiring to test our patience at every turn. In fact, it is. With this in mind, we would be wise to look on our imperfect environment as a teacher rather than an antagonist. It constantly shows us that we need to be patient on an ongoing basis, not just every now and then, if we´re going to realize true inner peace, happiness, and fulfillment.
Jonathan Sacks|Faulkner is a writer who has had much to do with my soul, but Hemingway is the one who had the most to do with my craft - not simply for his books, but for his astounding knowledge of the aspect of craftsmanship in the science of writing.
William Faulkner|In writing, you must kill all your darlings.
Judith-Victoria Douglas, Painted Tree: Two Novellas|Shortly after you left the room, Bushell came over and spoke to your father. I was not near enough to hear what he said, but Maria Lucas told me afterwards that he had been -' (she smiled) 'amazingly impertinent.''Peter actually spoke to Papa?''He did. According to Maria, he had the impudence to criticise Mr Bennet for his treatment of you. I must say it gives me the most favourable idea of his character.
Saunsea, Contemplative Essays: Volume 1: Essays to inspire deep reflection about how we view our world.|True happiness is realized beyond circumstance. It is universal relationship, not centered or devoted or residing on other individual relationships we have. True happiness sees the actions of others as directly connected to who we ourselves are. It sees beyond individually separated relationships and is birthed from one great relationship with everything there is.
Matthew Woodring Stover, Blade of Tyshalle|The law," he continued, "is made by the rich people so that the poor people can't get ahead...
Frederick Charles Copleston|What you must realize, what you must even come to praise, is the fact that there is no right way that is going to become apparent to you once and for all. The most blinding illumination that strikes and perhaps radically changes your life will be so attenuated and obscured by doubts and dailiness that you may one day come to suspect the truth of that moment at all. The calling that seemed so clear will be lost in echoes of questionings and indecision; the church that seemed to save you will fester with egos, complacencies, banalities; the deepest love of your life will work itself like a thorn in your heart until all you can think of is plucking it out. Wisdom is accepting the truth of this. Courage is persisting with life in spite of it. And faith is finding yourself, in the deepest part of your soul, in the very heart of who you are, moved to praise it.
Don DeLillo|Everything was fine, would continue to be fine, would eventually get even better as long as the supermarket did not slip.
Elizabeth Powers|Life is funny sometimes. Of course it isn’t as funny as smashing your brand new Mustang convertible into your house and having your life flash before your eyes. Sitting here in my car in the middle of my den, I can't help but think that things could have worked out differently - that could have been happier - that could have lived the life that was meant for me. That was, if I didn't have to keep up with the Greenbergs.
Miranda Kerr|A fit body gives you confidence. And there's nothing more impressive than a great attitude, which you can wear on your sleeve. But you'll have to remember the difference between being rude and being confident.
Manu Joseph, The Illicit Happiness of Other People|At the heart of memory, is the stillness of time.
Megan Duke, Without Me|I'm always homesick for the journey,” I had once written in ink speckled script, adding almost as an afterthought, “...no matter what it may hold.
Lisa Kleypas, Mine Till Midnight|Any man,” she muttered, “who wanted to marry into the Hathaway family after this should be shut away in an institution.” “Marriage is an institution,” he said reasonably, retrieving her gown from the floor.
David Wong, This Book Is Full of Spiders: Seriously, Dude, Don't Touch It|So I suggest you stick close, pay attention, and avoid breaking the Terrorverse's only commandment: Thou shall not be stupid.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|Hey Rid?"She stopped and turned to look at him, almost ruefully. Like she couldn't help what she was any more then a shark could help being a shark, but if she could..."Yeah, Shrinky Dink?""You're not all bad."She looked right at him and almost smiled. "You know what they say. Maybe I'm just drawn that way.
Robert E. Lee|It is well that war is so terrible, otherwise we should grow too fond of it.
Point Break|Don't bitch or punish the world: just create. Create something nobody's ever seen before and there is a good chance the world will notice you. Attacking teen girls on the internet is the saddest form of masturbation that exists and requires no discernible skill or talent. Because if you're not being useful in this world, you're being useless. Don't be useless: go make stuff that makes people happy.
Neel Mukherjee|I think it eminently proper that a president should retire from active politics, and equally proper that he should be able to live in quiet independence.
Archbishop Duncan-Williams, Prayer Moves God|It is through prayer that we destroy the kingdom of Darkness and enforce the judgment written that the Gates of Hell shall not prevail - Prayer Moves God, Archbishop Nicholas Duncan-Williams
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|...,dying seems like the greatest weakness, and in a world where people say you're lazy for not shaving your legs, then being dead seems like the ultimate character flaw. Chapter I.
Wendell Berry, Bringing it to the Table: On Farming and Food|As Gill says, "every man is called to give love to the work of his hands. Every man is called to be an artist." The small family farm is one of the last places - they are getting rarer every day - where men and women (and girls and boys, too) can answer that call to be an artist, to learn to give love to the work of their hands. It is one of the last places where the maker - and some farmers still do talk about "making the crops" - is responsible, from start to finish, for the thing made. This certainly is a spiritual value, but it is not for that reason an impractical or uneconomic one. In fact, from the exercise of this responsibility, this giving of love to the work of the hands, the farmer, the farm, the consumer, and the nation all stand to gain in the most practical ways: They gain the means of life, the goodness of food, and the longevity and dependability of the sources of food, both natural and cultural. The proper answer to the spiritual calling becomes, in turn, the proper fulfillment of physical need.
I Heard God Laughing: Poems of Hope and Joy|The reason why many are still troubled, still seeking, still making little forward progress is because they haven't yet come to the end of themselves. We're still trying to give orders, and interfering with God's work within us. 
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Your mission statement outlines why your company exists. It doesn’t have to be all fancy-pants, just a clear statement of what you do.
Marilynne Robinson, Housekeeping|Time that had not come yet—an anomaly in itself—had the fiercest reality for her. It was a hard wind in her face; if she had made the world, every tree would be bent, every stone weathered, every bough stripped by that steady and contrary wind. Lucille saw in everything its potential for invidious change.
Sanober  Khan, A Thousand Flamingos|Watch, how the sunslowly risesfrom behind my earnew lines, new countriesspring up in my palmsmy rough hairbecome swaying silkand all the leavesin my bodybecome lusher than fruits.
John Cornforth|A great deal has been learned about cell communication. The universal nature of cellular structure and organization in bacteria, plant and animal cells has been discovered.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You have only one life, don’t waste your life, fulfilling others dream.
William Devane|If you look at body fat, it seems to increase with age, even though your weight does not. That's a physiological fact of aging, they say. Heck it is. It is an adaptive effect of aging.
Steven Wright|The difference between Marilyn Monroe and the early Pamela Anderson is not that great. What's amazing is that the taste of American men and international tastes in terms of beauty have essentially stayed the same. Styles change, but our view of beauty stays the same.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|We may call Eurydice forth from the world of the dead, but we cannot make her answer; and when we turn to look at her we glimpse her only for a moment, before she slips from our grasp and flees. As all historians know, the past is a great darkness, and filled with echoes. Voices may reach us from it; but what they say to us is imbued with the obscurity of the matrix out of which they come; and, try as we may, we cannot always decipher them precisely in the clearer light of our own day.
Zack Love, Stories and Scripts: an Anthology|I am a playwright who does not write comedies, or tragedies.
I.B. Nosey|The first time I was told that I had a brain injury, I immediately thought to myself, "I'm not crazy.
Candess M. Campbell, 12 Weeks to Self-Healing: Transforming Pain Through Energy Medicine|Disease doesn’t exist. Instead of thinking of it as a disease – I’d like for you to think of it for a moment as energy, with a frequency. It is energy with a frequency that is inhabiting your body that is not in harmony with the frequency at which your body was created in association with God. It’s just an incompatible frequency that’s all it is. It’s just a frequency that if it continues to occupy your body, your body cannot survive.
Kenya Wright, Bad for You 2|Melody.” His voice was a tormented whisper on his lips.“Yes,” I said.“If you ever need to escape, come to me.”“What?” I asked.“Just come. I won’t. . .I would never hurt you.”“But—”“You’re all that matters to me.
Karl Marx|[representative government is] deciding once in three or six years which member of the ruling class was to misrepresent the people in Parliament,
Carl Paladino|Leaders are for calling people to their better angels, for helping guide them to a kind of sterner, more mature sense of what we need to do. To me, Reagan's brand of leadership was what I call 'a liturgy of absolution.' He absolved Americans almost in a priestly role to contend with sin. Who wouldn't want that?
Jim C. Hines|I like big books and I cannot lie.You other readers can’t denyThat when a kid walks in with The Name of the WindLike a hardbound brick of win.Story bling.Wanna swipe that thingCause you see that boy is speedingRight through the book he’s reading.I’m hooked and I can’t stop pleading.Wanna curl up with that for ages,All thousand pages.Reviewers tried to warn me.But with that plot you hookedMe like Bradley.Ooh, crack that fat spine.You know I wanna make you mine.This book is stella ’cause it ain’t some quick novella.
David Guterson, East of the Mountains|The Everglades was the only place on earth where alligators (broad snout, fresh water, darker skin) and crocodiles (pointy snout, salt water, toothy grin) lived side by side. It was the only home of the Everglades mink, Okeechobee gourd, and Big Cypress fox squirrel. It had carnivorous plants, amphibious birds, oysters that grew on trees, cacti that grew in water, lizards that changed colors, and fish that changed genders. It had 1,100 species of trees and plants, 350 birds, and 52 varieties of porcelain-smooth, candy-striped tree snails. It had bottlenose dolphins, marsh rabbits, ghost orchids, moray eels, bald eagles, and countless other species that didn't seem to belong on the same continent, much less in the same ecosystem.
Mark Fitter|Elza needed challenges in her life, needed to be occupied. Without walls to climb or windmills to attack she was the type of person who became depressed. She knew this. The feeling lived inside her somewhere - probably nestled close to her solar plexus. Yes, it seemed like that was the case. She felt it right in her chest. So, to escape dwelling on her anxieties - which she was prone to do - Elza lived in a state of perpetual movement. If she slowed down or was obstructed, even for a moment, she would suffer being left alone with herself, and then all would be lost.
Lisa Daily, Single-Minded|I’d like to say I’m not dressed up for anyone in particular, but that would be a lie.
Thomas S. Monson, Pathways To Perfection: Discourses Of Thomas S. Monson|Service is the rent we pay for being. It is the very purpose of life, and not something you do in your spare time.
Stephanie Perkins, Lola and the Boy Next Door|You can be with the 'truth' or you can cheat yourself by believing the big lie in front of you is the 'truth'. Those who are with the 'truth' are a minority, whom you may call Utopians.
Tommy McMahon, Hero of the Day|She stood on the edge of tomorrow, a one person vanguard that believe. The city would soon follow her lead.
Angela Duckworth, Grit: Passion, Perseverance, and the Science of Success|...grit grows as we figure out our life philosophy, learn to dust ourselves off after rejection and disappointment, and learn to tell the difference between low-level goals that should be abandoned quickly and higher-level goals that demand more tenacity. The maturation story is that we develop the capacity for long-term passion and perseverance as we get older.
Margaret D. McGee|Science is getting knocked on all sides these days, not only from religious fundamentalists, but from all kinds of people who perceive science as arrogant, one-sided, and the source of the troubles that come with the technology it produces. It's true that individuL scientists can be so arrogant and narrowly focused, they're blind to any but their own truths, and that new discoveries bring new problems with them. Still, I don't know many people who would refuse a biopsy for a newly discovered lump because they think science needs to be taken down a peg or two.Religion gets knocked for the same kinds of reasons as science: for its arrogance, narowmindedness, and tendency to create more trouble than it's worth. Religion is also accused of concealing reality under a comforting blanket of measureless faith -- the flip side, perhaps of the scientist for whom nothing can be real until she has measured it.My own sojourn into religion convinced me that good religion reveals rather than conceals. Religion is the soul in search of itself and its relationship to the cosmos. This journey requires looking at all of it: the joy, the sorrow, the beauty and the horror of life. We hope for the best. We want meaning and love to exist not only in ourselves, but in the very soul of the universe. At times this great hope might tempt us to pick and choose only the data that supports our desires. But in religion as in boat-building, the design must be tested in all conditions. When I say that I'm trying to pay attention, and that paying attention means being willing to look at all of it, I think I'm trying for the same moment of clarity that Graham experienced when the wind blew all over his theory. Looking at all of it is what good science is about. I believe that it's also what good religion is about.
Peter Carey, Oscar and Lucinda|Before there was any water there were tides of fire, both our tones flow from the older fountain.
Shahid Hussain Raja, 1857 Indian War of Independence:1857 Indian Sepoys' Mutiny|On the wall of Amshad's office there was a poster that made me laugh: DO NOT GIVE ME A BANGLE, GIVE ME A PEN. Well-meaning charities often train illiterate slum women to make cheap trinkets.
Kara Lindsay|In such ugly times, the only true protest is beauty.
Jamie McGuire, Eden|Before becoming a mother I had a hundred theories on how to bring up children. Now I have seven children and only one theory: love them, especially when they least deserve to be loved.
Jacob Grimm, Grimm's Fairy Tales|Perhaps, Howard thought, the curtains and murals and pastel angels are a mercy, a dim reflection of things fit for the fragility of human beings.
Stephen Fry, The Fry Chronicles|It does not suit the world to hear that people who are leading a high life, an enviable life, a privileged life are as miserable most days as anybody else, despite the fact that it must be obvious they would be - given that we are all agreed that money and fame do not bring happiness. Instead the world would prefer to enjoy the idea, against what it knows to be true, that wealth and fame do in fact insulate and protect against misery and it would rather we shut up if we are planning to indicate otherwise.
Jordan MacLean, Guardian Last|We forgive only that which requires forgiveness. To do otherwise is wasteful of grace.” -- Laniel, Abbot of Bilkar the Furred
Michael Dirda|Halloween starts earlier and earlier, just like Christmas.
Jake Jesser|How do you give something away with the knowledge that you will get it back in three days, and then claim it to be the 'Ultimate Sacrifice'?
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|I have a realistic grasp of my own strengths and weaknesses. My mind is my weapon. My brother has his sword, King Robert has his warhammer, and I have my mind… and a mind needs books as a sword needs a whetstone, if it is to keep its edge. That’s why I read so much, Jon Snow.
Unarine Ramaru|The only relevance worth to pursue, is living your passion through your interests.
Jayce O'Neal|He who knows all the answers, but none of the questions is like a large gobbling bird on Thanksgiving.
Angelos Michalopoulos, The man who has only one truth in him|I trust the man, much less the men, not at all the crowd.
Joseph Conrad, Youth|The dangers of the sea should always take precedenceover the violence of the enemy’Rear-Admiral Ben Bryant CB, DSO and two bars, DSC
Sami Abouzid|We Can Win If We Want to, 160 Single Released ….190 more to go
Frederick Buechner, A Room Called Remember: Uncollected Pieces|Words written fifty years ago, a hundred years ago, a thousand years ago, can have as much of this power today as ever they had it then to come alive for us and in us and to make us more alive within ourselves. That, I suppose, is the final mystery as well as the final power of words: That not even across great distances of time and space do they ever lose their capacity for becoming incarnate. And when these words tell of virtue and nobility, when they move closer to that truth and gentleness of spirit by which we become fully human, the reading of them is sacramental; and a library is as holy a place as any temple is holy because through the words which are treasured in it the Word itself becomes flesh again and again and dwells among us and within us, full of grace and truth.Frederick Buechner, A Room Called Remember, in an essay called The Speaking and Writing of Words.
Rodney Dangerfield|When I was a kid my parents moved a lot, but I always found them.
Paul Mannering, Pisces of Fate|Ascott scrambled for his dive knife, he and waved the four- inch blade between himself and the octopus. The floating sack of tentacles hesitated and then all eight of its arms snapped forward. Curled in the tip of each was a variety of sharpened implements, from swords and dive knives to a fishing spear. The large unblinking eyes seemed to be saying, Your move.
Michael Grant, Light (Gone Series, #6) Chapter Twenty-Seven | 1 Hour, 29 Minutes|But first things first. First, to escape this shell, this egg in which I have gestated, all eyes will be on the fire, all eyes blinded by the smoke, and when I walk out of here, out into your large world with its billions, no one will even see. It's the beauty of light, don't you see, Sam? It reveals, but it also distracts and blinds. It's even better than darkness.
Margery Williams Bianco, The Velveteen Rabbit|When a child loves you for a long, long time, not just to play with, but REALLY loves you, then you become Real.
Ernest Hemingway|And what has been so awful in your life that you have to write about it?” Mrs Lincoln, a definite gall bladder, persevered.
David Mitchell|As long as one can think as an outsider, an observer apart from the conflict, there is hope for a resolving thought.
Patrick Süskind, Perfume: The Story of a Murderer|He'd kill you all right. No sweat. But for the wrong reasons. Amateur's reasons. Of course, you'll be just as dead.
Will Rogers|Do the best you can, and don't take life too serious.
Foz Meadows|Context is everything in both narrative and real life, and while the accusation is never that these creators deliberately set out to discriminate against gay and female characters, the unavoidable implication is that they should have known better than to add to the sum total of those stories which, en masse, do exactly that. And if the listmakers can identify the trend so thoroughly – if, despite all the individual qualifications, protests and contextualisations of the authors, these problems can still be said to exist – then the onus, however disconnected from the work of any one individual, nonetheless falls to those individuals, in their role as cultural creators, to acknowledge the problem; to do better next time; perhaps even to apologise. This last is a particular sticking point. By and large, human beings tend not to volunteer apologies for things they perceive to be the fault of other people, for the simple reason that apology connotes guilt, and how can we feel guilty – or rather, why should we – if we’re not the ones at fault? But while we might argue over who broke a vase, the vase itself is still broken, and will remain so, its shards ground into the carpet, until someone decides to clean it up.Blog Post: Love Team Freezer
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Time has always been the greatest ally to Truth, because Time eventually relieves and reveals all.
James Frey, A Million Little Pieces|In our twenty first century social media world, people are so eager to have likes from friend on social media for what they do; their writings, images and videos but they are not so eager to have they like of God for what they do or refuse to do!
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|Are you a fortune-teller? A clairvoyant? If not, why anticipate the worst for yourself? We predict events will turn out in a negative way because our self-beliefs are limiting.
C. Nzingha Smith|Let go of yesterday, you made it! Don't use yesterday's state of mind to make today's decisions.
Malala Yousafzai|I credit my grandmother for teaching me to love and respect food. She taught me how to waste nothing, to make sure I used every bit of the chicken and boil the bones till no flavor could be extracted from them.
Jorge Luis Borges, Tlön, Uqbar, Orbis Tertius|The metaphysicians of Tlön are not looking for truth, nor even for an approximation of it; they are after a kind of amazement.
Anthony Liccione|If coffee were like dreams, then I would be wired in constant bliss, never needing sleep to live out my dreams.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you want the world to know how truly beautiful you are, love everyone.
Mary Balogh, At Last Comes Love|There were certain moments upon which the whole of the future course of one's life might turn. And almost inevitably they popped out at one without any warning at all, leaving one with no time to consider or engage in a reasoned debate with oneself. One had to make a split second decision, and much depended upon it. Perhaps everything.
H.J. Lawson, Aurum|I hate that leaders have the power to rule over the weak, transforming them into something they are not. But is that really true? Or just an excuse we use to be weak and not stand up for what is right?
Vanessa Diffenbaugh, The Language of Flowers|This time, there was no escape, I could not turn away, could not leave without accepting what I had done. There was only one way to the other side, and that was through the pain.
Ilona Andrews, Bayou Moon|The minute you read something that you can't understand, you can almost be sure that it was drawn up by a lawyer. 
Paul Bamikole|Good dancers awaken the joy in our hearts, we have seen them ablaze on stage, videos, on our streets, in the theaters, in our homes, schools and they have successfully ignited the love of dancing in our soul. At least, this is the major reason why dancers are born and made.
S.J.D. Peterson, Pup|‎I believe very strongly that when it comes to desire, when it comes to attraction, that things are never black and white, things are very much shades of grey.
Betty Bleen|O to be self-balanced for contingencies, to confront night, storms, hunger, ridicule, accidents, rebuffs, as the trees and animals do.
Howard Pattee|Sufficiently simple natural structures are predictable but uncontrollable, whereas sufficiently complex symbolic descriptions are controllable but unpredictable.
Nicole  Lyons|When you are lost in the right way, you don't go back to being found in the wrong way.
Orson Scott Card, Enchantment|Ten years after the Boston Tea Party, tea was still far more popular than coffee, which only became the more popular drink in the mid-nineteenth century. Coffee's popularity grew after the duty on imports was abolished in 1832, making it more affordable. The duty was briefly reintroduced during the Civil War but was abolished again in 1872.
Bjarne Stroustrup|A friend of mine said, no matter what I do I always look like an English teacher. She actually said, you still look like a Campbell's Soup kid.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Haven't you ever heard that modesty is an attractive trait?""Only from ugly people," Jace confided. "The meek may inherit the earth, but at the moment it belongs to the conceited. Like me." He winked at the girls, who giggled and hid behind their hair.
Homer|Dreams surely are difficult, confusing, and not everything in them is brought to pass for mankind. For fleeting dreams have two gates: one is fashioned of horn and one of ivory. Those which pass through the one of sawn ivory are deceptive, bringing tidings which come to nought, but those which issue from the one of polished horn bring true results when a mortal sees them.
Nicos Hadjicostis, Destination Earth- A New Philosophy of Travel by a World-Traveler|By allowing the group of people whom we call “our loved ones” to continually expand, we realize that this group is actually limitless. It is only narrow-mindedness and a superficial convention that makes us divide people into friends and strangers. The world-traveler soon learns to see in every person he interacts with a potential friend .
Timothy F. Cahill|What matters to me is that I do what I think is right and I see, I'm a numbers guy, that's my attitude. I know we have a debt tsunami coming, we are bankrupting this country and I'm in a position where I can actually advance ideas to prevent that from happening. That's exactly what I should be doing.
Christopher Hitchens|The table is a meeting place, a gathering ground, the source of sustenance and nourishment, festivity, safety, and satisfaction. A person cooking is a person giving: Even the simplest food is a gift.
Sunday Adelaja|Thus, in achieving ones goals, one improves, develops and discovers his potentials
Rachel Cinelli|Imagine you are tied to a chair with your hands tightly bound behind you, preventing you from covering your ears. Before you is a giant chalkboard. A woman enters the room. Her fingernails are long, hard, and ready for attack. You follow her with your eyes as she saunters to the chalkboard and raises her hand to make a claw. She looks at you with a blank stare as she digs her fingernails into the chalkboard and drags downward. As the harsh sound hits your ears, you squeeze your eyes shut in an instinctive yet vain effort to shut out the noise, but the absence of sight only magnifies the vile sound. Your ears have become hypersensitive, and you feel an unpleasant chill shoot through your body down to the toes of your feet. Finally, the sound stops as she removes her nails from the board, and a wave of relief passes over you. But the reprieve is short-lived. Again, the nails dig into the board and screech all the way down. The process repeats itself several times, and each time she stops dragging, you think it has ended for good, but soon she starts all over again. You frantically call out to her and ask her why she is doing this. You wonder what you have done to earn this perpetual torture. But she only looks back at your with a blank, almost quizzical stare, and that is when you realize that she is unaware of the pain she is causing. You feel the hopelessness pass over you. You squirm to free yourself from the chair, but it's no use. This is your life now, listening to this terribly unpleasant sound with no way to stop it. Sometimes she leaves, but she always comes back to repeat the scene, oblivious to the torture she creates.
Sikhwetha maanda stanley|Only once in my lifetime , I truly believe I find someone who can turn my world around , I share dreams that I never achieved and goals that were achieved , but there was always a part of me that hoped for more , and so there was a part of me that was always a fool ,
James Slack|These summer nights are short. Going to bed before midnight is unthinkable and talk, wine, moonlight and the warm air are often in league to defer it one, two or three hours more. It seems only a moment after falling asleep out of doors that dawn touches one gently on the shoulder, and, completely refreshed, up one gets, or creeps into the shade or indoors for another luxurious couple of hours. The afternoon is the time for real sleep: into the abyss one goes to emerge when the colours begin to revive and the world to breathe again about five o'clock, ready once more for the rigours and pleasures of late afternoon, the evening, and the night.
Rick Riordan, The Red Pyramid|I believe cats to be spirits come to earth. A cat, I am sure, could walk on a cloud without coming through.
Anne-Marie Duff|Depression, if it's an unconsciously elected experience, is a luxury.
Stefan Emunds|God Father (the Creator) geometrizes, God Mother (Nature) fractalizes.
Marilyn Monroe|Her friend - and her partner on the stage. You will not believe me, but making love to Kitty - a thing done in passion, but always, too, in shadow and silence, and with an ear half-cocked for the sound of footsteps on the stairs - making love to Kitty and posing at her side in a shaft of limelight, before a thousand pairs of eyes, to a script I knew by heart, in an attitude I had laboured for hours to perfect - these things were not so very different. A double act is always twice the act that the audience thinks it; beyond our songs, our steps, our bits of business with coins and canes and flowers, there was a private language, in which we held an endless, delicate exchange of which the crowd knew nothing. This was a language not of the tongue but of the body, its vocabulary the pressure of a finger or a palm, the nudging of a hip, the holding or breaking of a gaze, that said, You are too slow - you got too fast - not there but here - that's good - that's better! It was as if we walked before the crimson curtain, lay down upon the boards and kissed and fondled - and were clapped, and cheered, and paid for it!
Sunday Adelaja|When we fellowship with people, we fellowship with God
Langston Hughes|I like to work, read, learn, and understand life.
Beck|I think it's most important to, rather than just do what everybody else is doing, like tons of selfies, find out what makes you excited. You know, is it taking pictures and doing cool makeup and making yourself look great? If so, wonderful. Is it music? Is it teaching something? Are you great at teaching?
Saif Ullah|For all those people, who took advantage of my kindness. Thank you. I won't drop to your level. I'll simply smile and move on.
Brandon Sanderson, The Well of Ascension|It was amazing how many books one could fit into a room, assuming one didn't want to move around very much.
Leif Enger, Peace Like a River|When she awakes, she knows where she is. This place, this ancient place sears one’s soul with recognition. 'Heaven' seems an inadequate word for it, but that is what it is known as.
John C. McGinley|I ask questions. I watch the world. And what I have discovered is that the parts of my fiction that people most tell me are 'unbelievable' are those that are most closely based on the real, those least diluted by my imagination.
Mildred D. Taylor, Let the Circle Be Unbroken|Poor Christopher-John had fallen into the hands of Miss. Daisy Crocker. I greatly sympathized him, but as in everything else, Christopher John tried to see the bright side in having to face such a shrew every morning. "Maybe she done changed," he said hopefully on the first day of school. However, when classes were over he was noticeably quiet. Well?" I asked him. He shrugged dejectedly and admitted, "She still the same.
Anna Godbersen, Rumors|They will stop calling brides beautiful after today—you have simply set the standard too high,' he said.
Jessie Mueller|I realised that you could easily turn any room into a cinema with a projector, so I went on and on at my parents for one. They eventually got me a projector for Christmas when I was ten, and I realised I'd made a ridiculous mistake - I'd forgotten to say 'movie' projector; I got a still one.
Hazel Blackthorn, His Brother's Keeper|In the case of Tunisia, it was indeed this single act that sparked what had been long-standing active protest movements and moved them forward. But that's not so unusual. Let's look at our own history. Take the civil rights movement. There had been plenty of concern and activism about violent repression of blacks in the South, and it took a couple of students sitting in at a lunch counter to really set it off. Small acts can make a big difference when there is a background of concern, understanding, and preliminary activism.
Samuel Johnson|If you would know the value of money, go and try to borrow some.
Sarah Addison Allen, The Sugar Queen|But she stopped herself. That wouldn't make it right. You didn't forgive because it was the only choice you thought you had. That didn't make it forgiveness, that made it desperation. She'd always been too desperate about Jake. Always.
Debasish Mridha|The ultimate philosophy of life is not found in words, but it is found in the ways of living life.
Elizabeth Brooks|our hearts break, and take us out of relationships that are too painful for us
Jan Potocki, The Manuscript Found in Saragossa|Mr. Cat and Mr. Dog were neighbors who fought like, well, cats and dogs. That is until Mr. Rat moved in. It's fascinating how easily two enemies ally at the introduction of a third.
T.S. Eliot|Except for the point, the still point, There would be no dance, and there is only the dance
Scott Stabile|Find people who can handle your darkest truths, who don’t change the subject when you share your pain, or try to make you feel bad for feeling bad. Find people who understand we all struggle, some of us more than others, and that there’s no weakness in admitting it. In fact, few things take as much strength. Find people who want to be real, however that looks and feels, and who want you to be real, too. Find people who get that life is hard, and who get that life is also beautiful, and who aren’t afraid to honor both those realities. Find people who help you feel more at home in your heart, mind and body, and who take joy in your joy. Find people who love you, for real, and who accept you, for real. Just as you are. They’re out there, these people. Your tribe is waiting for you. Don’t stop searching until you find them.9/30/16Then her heart opened wider than it ever had before,and all she saw before her, everywhere she looked, were people to love.
Saim Cheeda|Whatever may happen, the memories of then will always remain, ever so sweetly with me, nothing to tarnish it. Not even the ugliness of reality.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|And a man said, speak to us of self-knowledge.and he answered, saying:Your hearts know in silence the secrets of the days and the nights.But your ears thirst for the sound of your heart's knowledge.You would know in words that which you have always known in thought.You would touch with your fingers the naked body of your dreams.And it is well that you should.The hidden well-spring of your soul must needs rise and run murmuring to the sea;and the treasure of your infinite depths would be revealed to your eyes.But let there be no scales to weigh your unknown treasure;And seek not the depths of your knowledge with staff or sounding line.For self is a sea boundless and measureless.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|As each situation in life represents a challenge to man and presents a problem for him to solve, the question of the meaning of life may actually be reversed. Ultimately, man should not ask what the meaning of his life is, but rather he must recognize that it is he who is asked. In a word, each man is questioned by life; and he can only answer to life by answering for his own life; to life he can only respond by being responsible. Thus, logotherapy sees in responsibleness the very essence of human existence.
Randy Jackson|If you were successful, somebody along the line gave you some help... Somebody helped to create this unbelievable American system that we have that allowed you to thrive. Somebody invested in roads and bridges. If you've got a business - you didn't build that. Somebody else made that happen.
Gregory Clark, A Farewell to Alms: A Brief Economic History of the World|Because we bump into reinforcing loops so often, it is handy to know this shortcut: The time it takes for an exponentially growing stock to double in size, the “doubling time,” equals approximately 70 divided by the growth rate (expressed as a percentage).Example: If you put $100 in the bank at 7% interest per year, you will double your money in 10 years (70 ÷ 7 = 10). If you get only 5% interest, your money will take 14 years to double.
Joy Marino, Who Can Find Her?|Tuning must come first. Each recital begins with a careful tightening of the pegs on the cross-bar, twisting them in their socket of red threads as each string is plucked and tested. He uses his thumb for this, softer and subtler than the plectrum, his head bent to the vibrating string and his lips slightly open, breathing quickly, as over the body of a lover.
N.K. Jemisin|We are each born into a situation—a particular body (its race, sex, health...), a set of ancestors, a community, a nation—and born into the stories told of each of these.
Terry Pratchett, Making Money|The money… will talk?' said Mr Spools carefully.'Imps,' said Moist. 'They're only a sort of intelligent spell. They don't even have to have a shape. We'll print them on the higher denominations.
Bernard Berenson|But, when the work was finished, the Craftsman kept wishing that there were someone to ponder the plan of so great a work, to love its beauty, and to wonder at its vastness.
Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary|Education, n. That which discloses to the wise and disguises from the foolish their lack of understanding.
Emma Forrest, Your Voice in My Head|Here's the thing,' he said, his face strained. 'It's just that I've been treading really carefully around you and this whole Cordy thing all day, just like Mort told me to. And I had to make sure you saw her and were okay with it and got home safe — again, just like Mort told me to. And as much as I'd love to continue exploring the implications of Damning roadkill, the truth is' — he plunged his hands into his hair until it stuck up even more than usual — 'you've been back here in my presence for two agonizing hours now, and if we don't properly make out soon, I'm going to hurl myself off the roof.
Olivia Laing, The Trip to Echo Spring|The writer does not dare dream of giving the best of his individuality. No, he must never express his anger. The vacillating demands of mediocrity must be satisfied. Amuse the people, be their clown, give them platitudes about which they can laugh, shadows of truth which they can hold as truths.
Eduardo Paes|Internet marketing entrepreneurs have truly opened my eyes to just how important a quick turnaround time can be. Often times, an interview they conduct with me today is online by the next morning. The interviewee is then able to start making money less than 24 hours after the initial interview.
Arthur Conan Doyle|That's gotta be one of the principles behind reality. Accepting things that are hard to comprehend, and leaving them that way.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering: You can be successful|If you weren’t born with a silver spoon in your mouth, use Cosmic Ordering.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Evolving and bettering yourself is wonderful, but not if the set of standards and values you adopt smothers you into oblivion in the process.
Helen Hunt Jackson|When I get high anxiety, I vomit. My mom was so stressed out. Then I found out I was staying in John Mayer's old dorm room, and I had a nice roommate. That completely brought me down. I was completely comfortable at Berklee.
Angelica Hopes|From my keen observation, it is a very sad fact that the Philippines’ current administration's drug war crisis has fully pressed the pedal of acceleration to more division, hatred, cycles of violence (copycat killings, summary killings, extra judicial killings, collateral victims of drug war), toxic revenge, and perpetual impunity. ~ Angelica Hopes, reflections on Drug War in the Philippines
Rodney Dangerfield|I came from a real tough neighborhood. Why, every time I shut the window I hurt somebody's fingers.
Albert Borris, Crash Into Me|One of the things that therapists do if you are suicidal, like a trick, is ask you about the future. They want to know what your plans are. Do you want to be the president? Do you want to be a rock star? They want to know if you want to live later even if you want to die now.
John Updike, The Witches of Eastwick|Having children is something we think we ought to do because our parents did it, but when it is over the children are just other members of the human race, rather disappointingly.
Alan Moore, Watchmen|Stood in firelight, sweltering. Bloodstain on chest like map of violent new continent. Felt cleansed. Felt dark planet turn under my feet and knew what cats know that makes them scream like babies in night.Looked at sky through smoke heavy with human fat and God was not there. The cold, suffocating dark goes on forever and we are alone. Live our lives, lacking anything better to do. Devise reason later. Born from oblivion; bear children, hell-bound as ourselves, go into oblivion. There is nothing else.Existence is random. Has no pattern save what we imagine after staring at it for too long. No meaning save what we choose to impose. This rudderless world is not shaped by vague metaphysical forces. It is not God who kills the children. Not fate that butchers them or destiny that feeds them to the dogs. It’s us. Only us. Streets stank of fire. The void breathed hard on my heart, turning its illusions to ice, shattering them. Was reborn then, free to scrawl own design on this morally blank world.Was Rorschach.Does that answer your Questions, Doctor?
Jay McLean, Kick, Push|He'd never met anyone quite like her.Then he couldn't think as her hand slid down his back to his buttocks and squeezed. Her toes slowly climbed his calves, and he realized she hadn't just enjoyed the first time around. She had learned. As she slid her hand between them to find him, his eyes crossed."Christ", he whispered as her fingers closed around him, her body sliding lower and lower.She'd learned a hell of a lot.
Phil 'Philosofree' Cheney|Sex is the expression of intimacy, touching and personalized care that takes friendship another step further. There is a trinity of sex, spirituality and friendship which all need to be present.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Mirror|If you can't find a good enough reason to do something, then why do it?
Susan Faludi, Backlash: The Undeclared War Against Women|The girls were expected to grow up to be somebody's wife. They were also expected to read and write, those being considered soft indoor jobs that were too fiddly for the boys.
Joseph Smith Jr.|God himself, finding he was in the midst of spirits and glory, because he was more intelligent, saw proper to institute laws whereby the rest could have a privilege to advance like himself. The relationship we have with God places us in a situation to advance in knowledge. He has power to institute laws to instruct the weaker intelligences, that they may be exalted with Himself, so that they might have one glory upon another, and all that knowledge, power, glory, and intelligence, which is requisite in order to save them in the world of spirits. (King Follett Discourse) 
Jim Rohn|Promises are the uniquely human way of ordering the future, making it predictable and reliable to the extent that this is humanly possible.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Other, dryer customers came and went, having just stepped out of their conveyances or popped down the street from their houses in the town. They left their umbrellas dripping at the door, and looked at her with that particular combination of sympathy and amusement that the soaked seem always to elicit in the dry.
Franz Kafka, The Metamorphosis|What's happened to me,' he thought. It was no dream.
Sheldon Whitehouse|Sometimes, patients with serious mental illness, just as with other serious medical illnesses, require hospitalization. In the absence of available public or private hospital beds, there are few options.
Elizabeth Eulberg, Prom and Prejudice|If you don't have any feelings for Will Darcy, why are you blushing and fixing your hair?
Diana Mankin Phelps|Moominmamma had got up very early to pack their rucksacks, and was bustling to and fro with wooly stockings and packets of sandwiches, while down by the bridge Moominpappa was getting their raft in order."Mamma, dar," said Moomintroll, "we can't possibly take all that with us. Everyone will laugh.""It's cold in the Lonely Mountains," said Moominmamma, stuffing in an umbrella and a frying pan. "Have you got a compass?""Yes," answered Moomintroll, "but couldn't you at least leave out the plates -- we can easily eat off rhubarb leaves.
Pablo|Reading all the quotes in the world won’t make you or me into Plato, Gandhi Or Einstein, just like watching hundreds games of soccer won’t make you a soccer player or taking a yoga class will make u a yogini, or reading a golf book will make you a golfer. We need to put the Knowledge to practice and that is the challenge. Put it to work for you, make the effort to Follow Through
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Impatience, resentment, jealousy and endless "want" are not creative attractors and have no value.
Rixa White|Now, because we have spent so many years convincing the younger people that we are helpless, they believe that we are no longer of use to this world.
Jane Hamilton, The Book of Ruth|Mother died today. Or maybe yesterday, I don't know.
Jonah Goldberg|People are prone to taking mental shortcuts. They may know that they shouldn't give out certain information, but the fear of not being nice, the fear of appearing ignorant, the fear of a perceived authority figure - all these are triggers, which can be used by a social engineer to convince a person to override established security procedures.
Kyril Bonfiglioli|You must not waste your one day here. When the sun shines, you let it shine on you. Snow is always waiting.
Henrik Fisker|To protect people's lives and keep our children safe, we must implement public-works spending and do so proudly. If possible, I'd like to see the Bank of Japan purchase all of the construction bonds that we need to issue to cover the cost. That would also forcefully circulate money in the market. That would be positive for the economy, too.
Jonathan Franzen, The Corrections|Be the person you really are and not the person you'e allowed yourself to become," Kate said to Nikki. From 'Life Song
Aaron D'Este, Weapon of Choice|Rotten, dirty, back-slapping, wine-quaffing, haemorrhoid-hosting, goat-shagging, fart-sniffing, Crispin-loving, gold-snatching bastards!!!
Katie Reus, Retribution|The last time he'd walked through a woman's dreams, she'd almost killed him.
Laura Ingalls Wilder|Ma had been very fashionable, before she married Pa, and a dressmaker had made her clothes.
Jeff Davidson, The Complete Idiot's Guide to Getting Things Done|-Speaking about Vaccinations - "If you accept the truth after the fact, the pain will last a life time.
Kemi Sogunle|Where Christ’s Spirit is, it will bring men from their altitudes and excellencies, and make them to stoop to serve the church, and account it an honour to be an instrument to do good.
Philip Roth, Sabbath's Theater|Never forget your roots, it's the foundation that builds your existence and the secret to your future.
David Sedaris, Naked|Every gathering has its moment. As an adult, I distract myself by trying to identify it, dreading the inevitable downswing that is sure to follow. The guests will repeat themselves one too many times, or you'll run out of dope or liquor and realize that it was all you ever had in common.
Ashay Abbhi, Chronicles of Urban Nomads|There was a spring in his carefully measured step. He opened the door and let the sunlight in, as if opening himself up, letting pent-up energy out and, letting the world enter inside- letting the light illuminate him. It was strange to see him like that, a tad amusing perhaps. He had thought it over. He had decided to welcome me with happiness and joy and to present his best self to me, whenever I decide to come.
P.G. Wodehouse, Carry on, Jeeves|You would not enjoy Nietzsche, sir. He is fundamentally unsound.
|Be sure to know who your true friends are, because some of the people that you call friends are actually worse than the enemies that you know.
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|Eisenhower on LBJ: "He hadn't got the depth of mind nor the breath vision to carry great responsibility.
Leviak B. Kelly, Religion: The Ultimate STD: Living a Spiritual Life without Dogmatics or Cultural Destruction|Disputes with men, pertinaciously obstinate in their principles, are, of all others, the most irksome; except, perhaps, those with persons, entirely disingenuous, who really do not believe the opinions they defend, but engage in the controversy, from affectation, from a spirit of opposition, or from a desire of showing wit and ingenuity, superior to the rest of mankind. The same blind adherence to their own arguments is to be expected in both; the same contempt of their antagonists; and the same passionate vehemence, in enforcing sophistry and falsehood. And as reasoning is not the source, whence either disputant derives his tenets; it is in vain to expect, that any logic, which speaks not to the affections, will ever engage him to embrace sounder principles.
Randy Alcorn, Courageous|Isn't that funny, that deity is passe but the attributes and implications of deity linger--
Debasish Mridha|Our spirit is universal, all powerful, and limitless. Why do we put societal boundaries around us? They are not boundless.
Soumeet Lanka|The future of branding is marketing with people, not at them.
Richie Norton|What is good customer service about then?One word: caring.Bad customer service happens when the employee doesn't care.You could chalk it up to low wages or getting paid regardless of results. But that's not it either.Hiring managers need to do two things and two things only:1. Hire employees that ALREADY care and are ALREADY motivated.2. Repeat step 1.When this is done, everything changes. People are happy on both sides of the table.Costs for management and training plummet
Roy Hale|The perfect person isn't what you're being asked to be, but a beautiful soul will suffice. " ~ Roy Hale
Richard J. Foster, Celebration of Discipline: The Path to Spiritual Growth|Cause every task of your day to be a sacred ministry to the Lord. however mundane your duties, for you they are a sacrament.
Joseph Lewis, An Atheist Manifesto|Many ask what difference does it make whether man believes in a God or not.It makes a big difference.It makes all the difference in the world.It is the difference between being right and being wrong; it is the difference between truth and surmises—facts or delusion.It is the difference between the earth being flat, and the earth being round.It is the difference between the earth being the center of the universe, or a tiny speck in this vast and uncharted sea of multitudinous suns and galaxies.It is the difference in the proper concept of life, or conclusions based upon illusion.It is the difference between verified knowledge and the faith of religion.It is a question of Progress or the Dark Ages.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Everybody is living for a purpose, you might turn out to be significant or insignificant depending on the kind of message you are feeding the world with.
Isaac Marion, The Burning World|The magic that confounds them is humanity. The naturally occurring, slow acting, unpredictably potent product of conscious minds connecting. These madmen want to synthesise love. They want to manufacture it, weaponise it, and use it to control people. It’s such a ludicrous scheme it would be funny if they weren’t trampling the world in pursuit of it.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, The Essays of Ralph Waldo Emerson|He is a dull observer whose experience has not taught him the reality and force of magic, as well as of chemistry.
Howard Mittelmark, How Not to Write a Novel: 200 Classic Mistakes and How to Avoid Them—A Misstep-by-Misstep Guide|Overuse at best is needless clutter; at worst, it creates the impression that the characters are overacting, emoting like silent film stars. Still, an adverb can be exactly what a sentence needs. They can add important intonation to dialogue, or subtly convey information.
Jessica Valenti, Sex Object|If we have no place to go where we can escape that reaction to our bodies, where is it that we're not forced? The idea that these crimes are escapable is the blind optimism of men who don't understand what it means to live in a body that attracts a particular kind of attention with magnetic force.
VD.|It seems to us that one of the deepest divisions between the Russians and the Americans or British, is in their feeling toward their governments. The Russians are taught, and trained, and encouraged to believe that their government is good, that every part of it is good, and that their job is to carry it forward, to back it up in all ways. On the other hand, the deep emotional feeling among Americans and British is that all government is somehow dangerous, that there should be as little government as possible, that any increase in the power of government is bad, and that existing government must be watched constantly, watched and criticized to keep it sharp and on its toes.
Donna Lynn Hope|Had she stabbed me with a knife, she could not have hurt me more.
Erwin W. Lutzer, Rescuing the Gospel: The Story and Significance of the Reformation|But if we decide contextually specific questions of synonymy on the basis of the total semantic range of each word, any synonymy in any context is virtually impossible.
Robert Kennedy|If you hire people just because they can do a job, they'll work for your money. But if you hire people who believe what you believe, they'll work for you with blood, sweat, and tears.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|We all have within ourselves the inclination to try to pass the blame to others when things don’t work in our favour. The ultimate challenge comes from suppressing this innate desire and replacing it with accountability and ownership for all things, good or bad.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|There is a popular saying in Igbo 'Amakam ihe na Ozubulu, puta Nnewi buru ewu'. This means, you can be so enlightened in a particular place and when you step outside that place, you become ignorant.Again, the Igbos say "Agwo otu onye furu na agho eke" - A snake seen my one man is usually described as a Python!Always try to see what and how others are doing. It will help you stop wallowing in an imaginary self glorification!Remember to be humble.
William Faulkner, Sanctuary|The orchestra had ceased and were now climbing onto their chairs, with their instruments. The floral offerings flew; the coffin teetered. "Catch it!" a voice shouted. They sprang forward, but the coffin crashed heavily to the floor, coming open. The corpse tumbled slowly and sedately out and came to rest with its face in the center of a wreath. "Play something!" the proprietor bawled, waving his arms; "play! Play!
Jerome K. Jerome|Being a Gentleman, has more to do with hiding his flaws, than exhibiting the virtues!
Emery Lord, When We Collided|A warrior confronts colonialism with the truth in order to regenerate authenticity and recreate a life worth living and principles worth dying for. The struggle is to restore connections severed by the colonial machine. The victory is an integrated personality, a cohesive community, and the restoration of respectful and harmonious relationships.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Knowing the path to follow doesn't make it a breeze to step along. If every desire were only a skip, hop, and a jump away, we'd all have arrived.
Marc Bekoff, Animals Matter: A Biologist Explains Why We Should Treat Animals with Compassion and Respect|Many animals experience pain, anxiety and suffering, physically and psychologically, when they are held in captivity or subjected to starvation, social isolation, physical restraint, or painful situations from which they cannot escape. Even if it is not the same experience of pain, anxiety, or suffering undergone by humans- or even other animals, including members of the same species- an individual's pain, suffering, and anxiety matter.
Virginia Woolf|I’ll be blasted’, he said, ‘if I ever write another word, or try to write another word, to please Nick Greene or the Muse. Bad, good, or indifferent, I’ll write, from this day forward, to please myself
Caitlyn Siehl|eat, baby.eat.chew.please.I know it hurts. I know it doesn’t feel good.please.I know your hunger is different than mine.I know it doesn’t taste the same as mine.imagine you could grow up all over againand pinpoint the millisecond that you startedcounting calories like casualties of war,mourning each one like it had a family.would you?sometimes I wonder that.sometimes I wonder if you would go backand watch yourself reappear and disappear right in front of your own eyes.and I love you so much.I am going to hold your little hand through the night.just please eat. just a little.you wrote a poem once,about a city of walking skeletons.the teacher called home because youtold her you wished it could be like thathere.let me tell you something about bones, baby.they are not warm or soft.the wind whistles through them like they areholes in a tree.and they break, too. they break right in half.they bruise and splinter like wood.are you hungry?I know. I know how much you hate that question.I will find another way to ask it, someday.please.the voices.I know they are all yelling at you to stretch yourself thinner.l hear them counting, always counting.I wish I had been there when the world made yousnap yourself in half.I would have told you that your body is not a war-zone,that, sometimes,it is okay to leave your plate empty.
Mark Driscoll|Singles, fornicating is an internship for adultery.
Stephanie Perkins, Anna and the French Kiss|The knowledge that she could learn to love a man had always meant more to her than loving him effortlessly, more even than falling in love, and that was why now she felt herself to be on the threshold of a new life, a happiness bound to endure for a very long time.
William Paul Young, The Shack|Mack, don't you see how filling roles is the opposite of relationship? We want male and female to be counterparts, face-to-face equals, each unique and different, distinctive in gender but complementary, and each empowered uniquely by Sarayu from whom all true power and authority originates.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|Life is an adventure in growing up, and when you have lost a lot of people you realize each day is a gift.
Josh Dun|I've been living the American Dream for over 25 years - just being able to do what I do, be creative, and make money out of it. It's incredible.
Leigh Goff, Disenchanted|This time, I invited it in. I felt the darkness tame my impetuous nature, allowing me to feed slowly on the hatred and control it. The coldness flowed through my veins and to the lengths of each limb. The icy darkness pooled in my chest and chilled my heart.
Stephen King, The Stand|A man who loves money is a bastard, someone to be hated. A man who can't take care of it is a fool. You don't hate him, but you got to pity him.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|High productivity and a healthy environment are two unconditionally entwined buddies. Our process allows us to abort any attempts toward crucifying either of the two—because as soon as one of them dies, the other follows suit.
Cindy Crawford|Tiger parenting is all about raising independent, creative, courageous kids. In America today, there's a dangerous tendency to romanticize creativity in a way that may undermine it.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World|Great is truth, but still greater, from a practical point of view, is silence about truth.
John Knowles|When I asked for help, no one is there except me. "Helping yourself is a great help you ever get it from anyone".
Eleanor Hallowell Abbott, Little Eve Edgarton|If Beauty is excuse enough for Being, it sure takes Plainness then to feel the real necessity for—Doing.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To become a king of that territory, you must not allow any of your time pass without converting it into building your skills in that area of life.
Elizabeth George, Loving God with All Your Mind|We cannot begin to define God's knowledge. We know, simply and profoundly, that nothing is hidden from Him or incomprehensible to Him.
Amanda Marshall|I grew up in Queens, and part of my birthday gift, always, was a Saturday matinee of whatever hit musical there was. When I was three, I saw 'Oliver!'.
Douglas Woolf, Wall to Wall|It was like my uterus was tapping out a happy dance on the rest of my organs. God, I was dying the longest, most tortuous, and arousing death in the history of the world.
Claudia Gray, Defy the Stars|Only the framing material," Lucas demurely, "obvious influences, Neo-Tokyo from Akira, Ghost in the Shell, Metal Gear Solid by Hideo Kojima, or as he's known in my crib, God.
Henry B. Eyring, Because He First Loved Us|But, if one cuts more deeply, the lonesome dove is Newt, a lonely teenager who is the unacknowledged son of Captain Call and a kindly whore named Maggie, who is now dead. So the central theme of the novel is not the stocking of Montana but unacknowledged paternity. All of the Hat Creek Outfit, including particularly Augustus McCrae, want Call to accept the boy as his son.
Nadège Richards, 5 Miles|I am the girlyou fool around with,before you meetthe love of your life.
Pamela Cummins, Learn the Secret Language of Dreams|Spiritual dreams are meant to comfort us during difficult times, show us how much we have grown, and encourage us to go to a higher level.
Donald J. Trump|Get going. Move forward. Aim High. Plan a takeoff. Don't just sit on the runway and hope someone will come along and push the airplane. It simply won't happen. Change your attitude and gain some altitude. Believe me, you'll love it up here.
Sergei Lukyanenko|The story of the herd of seals. Hundreds of them on a beach; among them the hunter killing one after the other with a club. Together they could easily have crushed him— but they lay there, watching him come to murder, and did not move; he was only killing a neighbor— one neighbor after the other. The story of the European seals. The sunset of civilization. Tired shapeless Götterdämmerung. The empty banners of human rights. The sell-out of a continent. The onrushing deluge. The haggling for the last prices. The old dance of despair on the volcano. Peoples again slowly being driven into a slaughterhouse. The fleas would save themselves when the sheep were being sacrificed. As always.
davidji, Secrets of Meditation: A Practical Guide to Inner Peace and Personal Transformation|We have between 60,000- and 80,000 thoughts a day. That’s a thought every 1.2 seconds…but we are not our thoughts – we have thoughts. Just like a cell phone is not our texts…it receives texts but they are not the phone. You have thoughts but you are not your thoughts.
Tom Robbins, Still Life with Woodpecker|Every nutritious sexual recipe calls for at least a pinch of love, and the fucks that rate four-star rankings from both gourmets and health-food nuts used cupfuls. Not that sex should be regarded as therapeutic or to be taken for medicinal purposes - only a dullard would hang such a millstone around the nibbled neck of a lay - but to approach sex carelessly, shallowly, with detachment and without warmth is to dine night after night in erotic greasy spoons. In time, one's palate will become insensitive, one will suffer (without knowing it) emotional malnutrition, the skin of the soul will fester with scurvy, the teeth of the heart will decay. Neither duration nor proclamation of commitment is necessarily the measure - there are ephemeral explosions of passion between strangers that make more erotic sense than many lengthy marriages, there are one-night stands in Jersey City more glorious than six-months affairs in Paris - but finally there is a commitment, however brief; a purity, however threatened; a vulnerability, however concealed; a generosity of spirit, however marbled with need; an honest caring, however singed by lust, that must be present if couplings are to be salubrious and not slow poison.
Bruce Lee, Bruce Lee — Wisdom for the Way|Memory: Recognizing the value of an alert mind and an alert memory, I will encourage mine to become alert by taking care to impress it clearly with all thoughts I wish to recall and by associating those thoughts with related subjects which I may call to mind frequently.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|When the officers are too strong and the common soldiers too weak, the result is COLLAPSE.
Toni Aleo, Taking Shots|Being on the moon is about harnessing science and technology. Waveless waterbeds are about harnessing nature and that, by definition, is not natural,” I shot back.“Babe, you’re not lyin’ on a miracle,” he said through a lip twitch.“No, I’m lying under one.
Bill Gates|OK, I have a nickname. My family calls me 'Trey' because I'm William the third. My dad has the same name, which is always confusing because my dad is well known, and I'm also known.
Abbi Glines, Just for Now|Go ahead, nigga,” Jah said, aiming the pistol at the cabdriver’s face. “You got some frog in you?
Betty  Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|Dear God," she prayed, "let me be something every minute of every hour of my life. Let me be gay; let me be sad. Let me be cold; let me be warm. Let me be hungry...have too much to eat. Let me be ragged or well dressed. Let me be sincere - be deceitful. Let me be truthful; let me be a liar. Let me be honorable and let me sin. Only let me be something every blessed minute. And when I sleep, let me dream all the time so that not one little piece of living is ever lost.
Sam Wyly|I use many different gadgets connected with computers; I use PCs, laptops and a Palm Pilot. I also use the Internet to visit websites, especially within Polish-language Internet. I usually go to political discussion groups and sites - of course, as I use my real name, people never believe that they are chatting with me!
Dauglas Dauglas, Roses in the Rainbow|The spectacle of the shooting suggest an event out of time, as if the killing of black people with white-supremacist justification interrupts anything other than regular television programming. But Dylan Storm Roof did not create himself from nothing. He as grown up with the rhetoric and orientation of racism.
Jodi Meadows, The Mirror King|I do trust you." I bumped my elbow against his, a pathetic attempt at levity, but he caught me, turned me, and held me in place. We stood dangerously close. "It's myself I don't always trust," I whispered."That's strange." He released my arm and took a step backward. "I trust you, but I don't always trust myself.
John Brunner, The Sheep Look Up|The only real insurance you have against disease is a healthy body. Invest wisely, generously and often in that policy.
Aniruddha Sastikar|I hate Bangladesh, because it tortures my motherland.
Richard Flanagan, Gould's Book of Fish: A Novel in Twelve Fish|To be fair to them, they were only after something that walled them off from the past and from people in general, not something that offered any connection that might prove painful or human. Thet wanted stories, I came to realise, in which they were already imprisoned, not stories in which they appeared along with the storyteller, accomplices in escaping.
Abraham Lincoln|The sky takes on shades of orange during sunrise and sunset, the colour that gives you hope that the sun will set only to rise again.
John Cena|This is kind of hard to understand, but sometimes you can try so hard at something.Sometimes you can be so prepared, and still fail.
St. Clare of Assisi|We become what we love and who we love shapes what we become. If we love things, we become a thing. If we love nothing, we become nothing. Imitation is not a literal mimicking of Christ, rather it means becoming the image of the beloved, an image disclosed through transformation. This means we are to become vessels of God's compassionate love for others.
Karl Ove KnausgÃ¥rd, Min kamp 5|For a writer it was perhaps most important not to write, but to read. Read as much as you can because in so doing you won't lose yourselves, become unoriginal, what happens is the opposite, by doing this you'll find yourselves. The more you read, the better.
Niccolo Machiavelli|No student ever attains very eminent success by simply doing what is required of him: it is the amount and excellence of what is over and above the required, that determines the greatness of ultimate distinction.
Anna Freeman, The Fair Fight|He seemed like the type that kept people at arm's length, maybe out of arrogance or maybe from personal choice- either way, I wanted to know him so that those eyes were narrowed and focused solely on me.
André Aciman, Call Me by Your Name|What is life without this? which was why, in the end, it was I, and not her, who blurted out, not once, but many, many times, You'll kill me if you stop, you'll kill me if you stop, because it was also my way of bringing full circle the dream and the fantasy, me and him, the longed-for words from mouth to mouth, which was when I must have begun using obscenities that he repeated after me, softly at first, till he said, "Call me by your name and I'll call you by my name," which I'd never done in my life before and which, as soon as I said my own name as though it were his, took me to a realm I never shared with anyone in my life before, or since.
Lyn Hejinian, My Life|I loved the full heat of being drunk, like I was made of melting chocolate and spreading in all directions.
Patrick Leigh Fermor, A Time to Keep Silence|The Hawaiian creation myth relates that the present cosmos is only the last of a series, having arisen in stages from the wreck of the previous universe. In this account, the octopus is the lone survivor of the previous, alien universe.
Nakia R. Laushaul, Running from Solace|Love is something you must accept in order to have, Naomi.
Dinah Katt|Whatever you call me, my parents encouraged me to go to college and become a book lover, and to trust that I could do nearly anything if I could find the right book at the library.It was true; books had saved me in my home remodeling projects, but they fell short in teaching me how to trust my instincts, and how to stop thinking with my educated brain and more with my kneecaps and butt cheeks.
Ed Koch|I went further on less talent than anyone, but I was a damned good entertainer.
Wade Rouse, It's All Relative: Two Families, Three Dogs, 34 Holidays, and 50 Boxes of Wine|I avoided one-on-one situations, eye contact, and healthy relationships. Instead I took refuge in drinking too much, cheap sex, and sarcasm.
Joseph Roach, It|Modern anxiety is expressed in the longing for what most people fear, even as modern grief is expressed in the unconsummated mourning for what they never really had.
Andrew Vachss, Footsteps of the Hawk|When you know your enemy is invincible,run and hide, or may do business with him.
Shaye Evans, Seduction Squad|Always somewhere there is fire or smoke, insistent reminders of the greed consuming the world
Nicholas Wolterstorff, Until Justice and Peace Embrace: The Kuyper Lectures for 1981 Delivered at the Free University of Amsterdam|Many are the scholars who make it their professional occupation to occupy themselves in this towering edifice of culture, exploring its nook and crannies, developing their responses, making their contributions here and there, and helping to hand it on to succeeding generations. For some the temptation proves irresistible to go yet farther and make this the concern of their lives, letting society go its own sorry way while they lock themselves away in this abiding, socially transcendent cultural stronghold, acquiescing in society while pursuing Bildung. As Rotterdam burns, they study Sanskrit verb forms.
Mehmet Murat ildan|ADIEUThe glimmer farther away than the head The heart-skip On the slope where the air rolls its voice The spokes of the wheel the sun in the rut At the crossroads near the embankment a prayer Some words that are not heard Nearer the sky And on its steps the last square of light("Adieu")
Shannon L. Alder|To thee, to thee, my fire! Thou hast been burning in my heart all these futile years. If my life were a piece of gold it would come out of its trial brighter, but it is a trodden turf of grass, and nothing remains of it but this handful of ashes.
Wallace Stegner, Angle of Repose|I would like to hear your life as you heard it, coming at you, instead of hearing it as I do, a sober sound of expectations reduced, desires blunted, hopes deferred or abandoned, chances lost, defeats accepted, griefs borne. I don't find your life uninteresting, as Rodman does. I would like to hear it as it sounded while it was passing. Having no future of my own, why shouldn't I look forward to yours.
Wayne Chirisa|Leaders cannot build a successful nation once they are yoked to these two evils, ignorance and greed.
Stanley Gazemba|If you want to become successful, then first become the person who can be successful.
Gemma Malley, The Legacy|When you open a door for others, you sometimes open doors for yourself.
Abraham Hicks|When you talk about what you want and why you want it, there's usually less resistance within you than when you talk about what yo want and how you're going t get it. When you pose questions you don't have answers for, like how, where, when, who, it sets up a contradictory vibration that slows everything down.
Ilana Mercer, Broad Sides - One Woman's Clash with a Corrupt Culture|Republicans are the drag queens of politics. Peel away the pules for family, faith and fetuses and one discovers either neoconservative welfare-warfare statists or global social democrats ...
Sherman Alexie, The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven|It was so quiet, a reservation kind of quiet, where you can hear somebody drinking whiskey on the rocks three miles away.
Dada Bhagwan|When the vision becomes right [correct], one sees only his own faults and when the vision is wrong [incorrect], he sees others at fault.
Brandi L. Bates, Remains To Be Seen|She's not quite making sense, but no one does all the time.
Woodrow Wilson|Great art - or good art - is when you look at it, experience it and it stays in your mind. I don't think conceptual art and traditional art are all that different.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|When the going gets tough, put one foot in front of the other and just keep going. Don’t give up.
Michelle Cohen Corasanti, The Almond Tree|One cannot live on anger, my son.
Elizabeth Wein, Rose Under Fire|Not forever, Tessa thought. They had a long, long time. A lifetime. His lifetime. And she would lose him one day, as she had lost Will, and her heart would break, as it had broken before. And she would put herself back together and go on, because the memory of having had Jem would be better than never having had him at all.
Fakeer Ishavardas|You have the love and support of God and the angels, but only you can take responsibility for your life, for your dreams. Only you can make the daily choices needed that create the life you want to live.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Human, All Too Human|The more thoroughly a person understands life, the less he will mock, though in the end he might still mock the "thoroughness of his understanding.
Janet Montgomery|One of my favorite movies of all time is 'It's A Wonderful Life,' which is a pretty interesting choice for a seasonal Christmas favorite, because it's about a guy who wants to commit suicide and is presented with reasons not to.
Ridley Scott|In America we have a Declaration of Independence, but our history, our advancements, our global strength all point to an American declaration of interdependence.
Edith Hamilton, Mythology: Timeless Tales of Gods and Heroes|One day, the old wise Socrates walks down the streets, when all of the sudden a man runs up to him "Socrates I have to tell you something about your friend who...""Hold up" Socrates interrupts him "About the story you're about to tell me, did you put it trough the three sieves?""Three sieves?" The man asks "What three sieves?""Let's try it" Socrates says."The first sieve is the one of truth, did you examine what you were about to tell me if it is true?" Socrates asks."Well no, I just overheard it" The man says."Ah, well then you have used the second sieve, the sieve of good?" Socrates asks "Is it something good what you're about to tell me?""Ehm no, on the contrary" the man answers."Hmmm" The wise man says "Let's use the third sieve then, is it necessary to tell me what you're so exited about?""No not necessary" the man says."Well" Socrates says with a smile "If the story you're about to tell me isn't true, good or necessary, just forget it and don't bother me with it.
Ron Ben-Israel|In college, I wrote newspaper articles and songs. Then, on my 21st birthday, I sold my first book. It was a nonfiction book about women pirates - 'Pirates in Petticoats.' After that, I was a book writer for good.
Jacquelyn Nicole Davis, Trace The Grace: A Memoir|I remember when I was five playing tag with Cara and her brother. I accidentally got pushed into the side of her trampoline, and I bit the inside of my mouth. Blood gushed everywhere. Cara’s mom held me until my parents came back. I didn’t need stitches, but it was nasty. I roll my tongue over a small bump on the side of my mouth. Yep. It’s still there. Real friendships have battle scars.
Frankie Boyle|The greater part of the world has, properly speaking, no history, because the despotism of Custom is complete. This is the case over the whole East. Custom is there, in all things, the final appeal; justice and right mean conformity to custom; the argument of custom no one, unless some tyrant intoxicated with power, thinks of resisting. And we see the result. Those nations must once have had originality; they did not start out of the ground populous, lettered, and versed in many of the arts of life; they made themselves all this, and were then the greatest and most powerful nations in the world. What are they now? The subjects or dependants of tribes whose forefathers wandered in the forests when theirs had magnificent palaces and gorgeous temples, but over whom custom exercised only a divided rule with liberty and progress.
Xue Yun|Once we’ve savored the goodness of a hundred years until the final drop, only the fleeting memories of intoxication is left behind. Between you and me is it too much to ask for a bottle to begin with?
Lailah Gifty Akita|During my PhD, I was depressed for eight-months, state of deep-worry. The stressful life leads to neglect of spirituality and wellness. I recovered by inspiration of great souls, friends and family. Ever since, I have sought spirituality of soul and well-being over all other things.
Stephanie Klein|Basically I'm a female human being with brown hair, enjoy precision, reading the news, eating delicious food with my delicious friends and laughing at ridiculous things that don't translate while you are desperately trying to make them.
Alin Sav|Jesus is not just "faith", it´s a true reality, but we just don´t get it.
Christopher Hitchens|One also hears a great deal about how this awful joint tenure of the executive mansion was a good thing in that it conferred 'experience' on the despised and much-deceived wife. Well, the main 'experience' involved the comprehensive fouling-up of the nation's health-care arrangements, so as to make them considerably worse than they had been before and to create an opening for the worst-of-all-worlds option of the so-called HMO, combining as it did the maximum of capitalist gouging with the maximum of socialistic bureaucracy. This abysmal outcome, forgiven for no reason that I can perceive, was the individual responsibility of the woman who now seems to think it entitles her to the presidency.
Justin Wetch, Bending The Universe|I am a mask, concealing the real.
