Saint Patrick|The honest truth is that if this government were to propose the massacre of the first-born, it would still have no difficulty in getting it through the Commons.
Ayn Rand, We the Living|And because she worshipped joy, Kira seldom laughed and did not go to see comedies in theaters. And because she felt a profound rebellion against the weighty, the tragic, the solemn, Kira had a solemn reverence for those songs of defiant gaiety.
Jean-Paul Sartre, Nausea|Fighting for freedom” is a myth. There’s only freedom in uniting. You’re not really free with an, “Us vs Them” mentality; because you are constantly defending yourself. And in fighting, there’s no time for freedom.
Elly Griffiths, The Crossing Places|A list of things you might not hear: eylash opening on the pillow, the appearance of a star, a leaf leaving a tree, a hand in your hair, a lie being withheld, a tear's journey from eye to shoe, air becoming blue, longing.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|Making love with a woman and sleeping with a woman are two separate passions, not merely different but opposite. Love does not make itself felt in the desire for copulation (a desire that extends to an infinite number of women) but in the desire for shared sleep (a desire limited to one woman).
Sadghuru|Our anxieties were driving us to become other people—he was Earner; I was Mother, like characters in some phenomenally boring Ionesco play.
Clarence Darrow|Chase after the truth like all hell and you’ll free yourself, even though you never touch its coat tails.
Gwen Calvo|It amazes me how people can close their minds off to the size of the Universe. With billions of stars, millions of galaxies, and possibly a googol of planets, how can it be that human beings are the only thinking animal in creation?
Rusty Fischer, Ushers, Inc.|Why don't you check out those teenagers in the middle row? They've been going at it like dogs in heat ever since the previews. They're probably both werewolves. And even if they aren't, you should throw them out on principle alone.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|My wife has said that a bitter, sour Christianis one of Satan’s greatest trophies—and she’s right.
Adriana Lima|Excellence is not a skill, it's an attitude.
Eliezer Yudkowsky, Rationality: From AI to Zombies|In addition to Ameslan, chimpanzees and other nonhuman primates are being taught a variety of other gestural languages. And it is just this transition from tongue to hand that has permitted humans to regain the ability-lost, according to Josephus, since Eden-to communicate with the animals.
Konstantin Tsiolkovsky|By refocusing our space program on Mars for America's future, we can restore the sense of wonder and adventure in space exploration that we knew in the summer of 1969. We won the moon race; now it's time for us to live and work on Mars, first on its moons and then on its surface.
Henry James, What Maisie Knew|She took refuge on the firm ground of fiction, through which indeed there curled the blue river of truth.
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|When you practice leadership,The evidence of quality of your leadership, Is known from the type of leaders that emerge out of your leadership
Karina Halle, Sins & Needles|He was like a jalapeño, bright and smooth, but dangerously hot. A small part of me wanted to bite him.
John Green, Paper Towns|Dude, I don’t want to talk about Lacey’s prom shoes. And I’ll tell you why: I have this thing that makes me really uninterested in prom shoes. It’s called a penis.
Myles Horton, We Make the Road by Walking: Conversations on Education and Social Change|I don't think you comprehend the depth of my feeling for you. It goes beyond wanting to be near you, or protect you. I want you to be happy, and I want you to be treated with respect.
Luigi Pirandello, Six Characters in Search of an Author and Other Plays|Each of us, face to face with other men, is clothed with some sort of dignity, but we know only too well all the unspeakable things that go on in the heart.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|My decisions determine my destination long before I ever get there. And once I do get there, I suddenly realize this is not the destination I had in mind because what I had in mind was the fantasy that my denial had created verses the reality my choices crafted.
C. L. R. James|My dad remembers being in school with my uncle, and the teacher would say outright to the class that the Japanese were second-class citizens and shouldn't be trusted.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|I declare after all there is no enjoyment like reading! How much sooner one tires of any thing than of a book! -- When I have a house of my own, I shall be miserable if I have not an excellent library.
Frank Wanderer|The mystery of this courage of Bauer’s is Hegel’s Phenomenology. As Hegel here puts self-consciousness in the place of man, the most varied human reality appears only as a definite form, as a determination of self-consciousness. But a mere determination of self-consciousness is a “pure category,” a mere “thought” which I can consequently also abolish in “pure” thought and overcome through pure thought. In Hegel’s Phenomenology the material, perceptible, objective bases of the various estranged forms of human self-consciousness are left as they are. Thus the whole destructive work results in the most conservative philosophy because it thinks it has overcome the objective world, the sensuously real world, by merely transforming it into a “thing of thought” a mere determination of self-consciousness and can therefore dissolve its opponent, which has become ethereal, in the “ether of pure thought.” Phenomenology is therefore quite logical when in the end it replaces human reality by “Absolute Knowledge”—Knowledge, because this is the only mode of existence of self-consciousness, because self-consciousness is considered as the only mode of existence of man; absolute knowledge for the very reason that self-consciousness knows itself alone and is no more disturbed by any objective world. Hegel makes man the man of self-consciousness instead of making self-consciousness the self-consciousness of man, of real man, man living in a real objective world and determined by that world. He stands the world on its head and can therefore dissolve in the head all the limitations which naturally remain in existence for evil sensuousness, for real man. Besides, everything which betrays the limitations of general self-consciousness—all sensuousness, reality, individuality of men and of their world—necessarily rates for him as a limit. The whole of Phenomenology is intended to prove that self-consciousness is the only reality and all reality.
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|Sometimes we laugh to keep from crying, but the important thing is to laugh, every chance we get.
Joan Didion, The Year of Magical Thinking|I bought new strings of colored lights. This served as a profession of faith in the future. I take the opportunity for such professions where and when I can invent them, since I do not yet actually feel this faith in the future.
Richard Dawkins, The Blind Watchmaker: Why the Evidence of Evolution Reveals a Universe Without Design|What we can imagine as plausible is a narrow band in the middle of a much broader spectrum of what is actually possible. [O]ur eyes are built to cope with a narrow band of electromagnetic frequencies. [W]e can't see the rays outside the narrow light band, but we can do calculations about them, and we can build instruments to detect them. In the same way, we know that the scales of size and time extend in both directions far outside the realm of what we can visualize. Our minds can't cope with the large distances that astronomy deals in or with the small distances that atomic physics deals in, but we can represent those distances in mathematical symbols. Our minds can't imagine a time span as short as a picosecond, but we can do calculations about picoseconds, and we can build computers that can complete calculations within picoseconds. Our minds can't imagine a timespan as long as a million years, let alone the thousands of millions of years that geologists routinely compute. Just as our eyes can see only that narrow band of electromagnetic frequencies that natural selection equipped our ancestors to see, so our brains are built to cope with narrow bands of sizes and times. Presumably there was no need for our ancestors to cope with sizes and times outside the narrow range of everyday practicality, so our brains never evolved the capacity to imagine them. It is probably significant that our own body size of a few feet is roughly in the middle of the range of sizes we can imagine. And our own lifetime of a few decades is roughly in the middle of the range of times we can imagine.
Ben Shapiro|Most people think that shadows follow, precede or surround beings or objects. The truth is that they also surround words, ideas, desires, deeds, impulses and memories.
Confucius, The Analects|If you want to make a stand, help others make a stand, and if you want to reach your goal, help others reach their goal. Consider yourself and treat others accordingly: this is the method of Humanity.
Carlos Wallace, Life Is Not Complicated-You Are: Turning Your Biggest Disappointments Into Your Greatest Blessings|To reboot your association for success, you must shift your beliefs to realize how vitally important key investments in technology can be as an ongoing and personalized communication tool with your members.
Michelle Sagara West, Silence|Death was silence, loss, guilt. And anger. But life led that way, anyway. From birth, it was a slow, long march to the grave. Who said that? She couldn’t remember now. But it was true. They were born dying. If they were very lucky, the dying was called aging. They reached toward if as if they were satellites in unstable orbits. And then when they got there, they were just dead. One moment in time separated the living from the ghosts.
M.R. Carey, The Girl with All the Gifts|Bunch together a group of people deliberately chosen for strong religious feelings, and you have a practical guarantee of dark morbidities expressed in crime, perversion, and insanity.
Debasish Mridha|When someone criticizes you, give them two gifts- your smile and a compliment.
Alex Witchel, The Spare Wife|The older I get, the more I see there are these crevices in life where things fall in and you just can't reach them to pull them back out. So you can sit next to them and weep or you can get up and move forward. You have to stop worrying about who's not here and start worrying about who is.
Emily Carroll|It is becoming a bad dream-- in the daytime as well as at night. I see him nearly all the time and can't get at him, I mustn't show anything, must remain gay while I'm really in despair.
John Steinbeck|We are all bodybuilders, so build the house you want to live in.
Joseph Campbell|The first step to the knowledge of the wonder and mystery of life is the recognition of the monstrous nature of the earthly human realm as well as its glory, the realization that this is just how it is and that it cannot and will not be changed. Those who think they know how the universe could have been had they created it, without pain, without sorrow, without time, without death, are unfit for illumination.
Jane Wilson-Howarth, A Glimpse of Eternal Snows: A Journey of Love and Loss in the Himalayas|What I mean is, lots of time you don't know what interests you most till you start talking about something that doesn't interest you most. I mean you can't help it sometimes. What I think is, you're supposed to leave somebody alone if he's at least being interesting and he's getting all excited about something. I like it when somebody gets excited about something. It's nice.
William Grimshaw|When I die, I shall then have my greatest grief and my greatest joy; my greatest grief, that I have done so little for Jesus, and my greatest joy, that Jesus has done so much for me.
Carl Sagan|There are no forbidden questions in science, no matters too sensitive or delicate to be probed, no sacred truths.
Amy Tan, The Valley of Amazement|Madness is a regenerating thing. Like a phoenix, when one strand dies, another burns anew.
Agatha Christie, Endless Night|Where large sums of money are concerned, it is advisable to trust nobody.
Anna Akhmatova, The Complete Poems of Anna Akhmatova|You will hear thunder and remember me, And think: she wanted storms. The rim Of the sky will be the colour of hard crimson, And your heart, as it was then, will be on fire.
L.R. Knost, Two Thousand Kisses a Day: Gentle Parenting Through the Ages and Stages|For a child, it is in the simplicity of play that the complexity of life is sorted like puzzle pieces joined together to make sense of the world.
Darren Shan, Ocean of Blood|She exuded sexuality almost tangible, like ink obscuring the waters around the octopus before it strikes.
Jacob Grimm|If you make a deal with a fool, don't be surprised when they act foolishly.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|My life is wondrous, and I appreciate it every day!
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Tut, tut! I have often admonished my pupils to count ten before speaking. Were I you, Mr. Philander, I should count at least a thousand, and then maintain a discreet silence.
Jennifer Shirk, Wedding Date for Hire|He’s a man of few words except when it really counts. And when he does, every word has meaning.
Boyd Rice, NO|When one acts on pity against justice, it is the good whom one punishes for the sake of the evil; when one saves the guilty from suffering, it is the innocent whom one forces to suffer. There is no escape from justice, nothing can be unearned and unpaid for in the universe, neither in matter nor in spirit—and if the guilty do not pay, then the innocent have to pay it.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Proxemics is the study of human use of space and the effects that population density has on behavior, social interaction, and communication. Imagine invisible bubbles around every person that provides each of us with comfort zones for social engagement and interaction.
Rachel Kushner, The Flamethrowers|I’d been listening to men talk since I arrived in New York City. That’s what men like to do. Talk. Profess like experts. When one finally came along who didn’t say much, I listened.
Kristen Ashley, Motorcycle Man|No,” he agreed. “You’re not. She never caused me this agony.”What could I say to that? The way he was looking at me was making my head feel funny. Was making me feel funny and not just in that oh God I just almost died way.Christophe leaned in. His mouth was a mere centimetres from me. “She never made me think I would die of heart failure. She never, never made me fear for her this way.
Rahul Rampal|Before aligning the mind, body and soul ... first one has to straighten their mind out.
Nathan Filer, The Shock of the Fall|Again with that slow, lordly smile. Perfectly shaped for Luc's fist.
Frank Lentricchia, The Sadness of Antonioni|What I remember myself from films, and what I love about films, is specific scenes and characters.
Thomm Quackenbush, We Shadows|She was an exotic flower amongst the snowdrifts, out of place, a Technicolor misfit in a monochrome Christmas movie.
Oscar Wilde|There is no such thing as a moral or an immoral book. Books are well written, or badly written. That is all.The nineteenth century dislike of realism is the rage of Caliban seeing his own face in a glass.The nineteenth century dislike of romanticism is the rage of Caliban not seeing his own face in a glass. The moral life of man forms part of the subject-matter of the artist, but the morality of art consists in the perfect use of an imperfect medium
James     Baldwin, Sonny's Blues|Why do they hate us?" He paused. "We didn't do anything wrong.
Raymond Queneau|We have come from all the countries of the world and are going to Saintes-Maries de la Mer. Nomads of the enigma, we gather there each year after having carried our mystery through ordinary countryside and fluid towns. Since we become transformed by our wanderings we are despised by those who stand still and retain a memory of giant serpents and metallic green.
Thomas Jefferson, Letters of Thomas Jefferson|...it is not to be understood that I am with him [Jesus] in all his doctrines. I am a Materialist, he takes the side of spiritualism; he preaches the efficacy of repentance toward forgiveness of sin. I require a counterpoise of good works to redeem it... Among the sayings & discourses imputed to him by his biographers, I find many passages of fine imagination, correct morality, and of the most lovely benevolence: and others again of so much ignorance, so much absurdity, so much untruth, charlatanism, and imposture, as to pronounce it impossible that such contradictions should have proceeded from the same 
Jason Medina, The Diary of Audrey Malone Frayer|An unlimited supply of wonder and trust, bolsters life lived as a process of discovery.
Marieta Maglas- Eschatological Regression|Sometimes you must behave like a tunnel! If a formidable mountain is on your way, thrust through it!
George R.R. Martin|Men come and go. They lie, or die, or leave you. 
Frederica Mathewes-Green, At the Corner of East and Now: A Modern Life in Ancient Christian Orthodoxy|Dusty, dark, cold, and hard, coal has no beauty of its own, but when it is consummated by fire it is beautiful and becomes what it was designed to be.
Meseret Geneti|Those who want to buy wisdom remain with out wisdom, because money buys nothing except commodities.
Elisabeth Elliot, Shadow of the Almighty: The Life and Testament of Jim Elliot|We affect one another quite enough merely by existing. Whenever the stars cross, or is it comets? fragments pass briefly from one orbit to another. On rare occasions there is total collision, but most often the two simply continue without incident, neither losing more than a particle to the other, in passing.
Nâzım Hikmet, Poems of Nazım Hikmet|The strangest of our powersIs the courage to liveKnowing that we will die,Knowing nothing more
Epicurus, The Art of Happiness|Men inflict injuries from hatred, jealousy or contempt, but the wise man masters all these passions by means of reason.
Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land|Here, by the grace of God and an inside straight, we have a personality untouched by the psychotic taboos of our tribe - and you want to turn him into a carbon copy of every fourth-rate conformist in this frightened land! Why don't you go whole hog? Get him a brief case and make him carry it wherever he goes - make him feel shame if he doesn't have it.
Gina Conkle, The Lady Meets Her Match|What have you to trade for my silence?" ...	He opened his mouth to beckon the men, but Eleri moved like lightning. With her right arm restrained, she couldn't cut him. However, her weapon of choice caught him completely off-guard.	Her lips sealed to his, cutting off his voice in a hard kiss...	Bracing his back against the gnarled tree branches, he relaxed for more, but the kiss ended as briskly as it had begun....	Blood surging through his body, Warren grinned and lowered his face over hers. "Not the price I had in mind, but...um, shall we see what else you have to offer?
Swami Vivekananda|Why is it considered so glorious to kill an enemy, when it is not considered contemptible to create one?
J.M. Darhower, Sempre|Colpo di fulmine. The thunderbolt, as Italians call it. When love strikes someone like lightning, so powerful and intense it can’t be denied. It’s beautiful and messy,cracking a chest open and spilling their soul out for the world to see. It turns a person inside out, and there’s no going back from it. Once the thunderbolt hits, your life isirrevocably changed.
Jennifer Loiske, Club Number Five|You know,' Shane said twenty minutes later, 'I'd feel a whole lot better about the two of us if you didn't think i was the go-to guy for breaking and entering.'She felt a flash of guilt about the breaking-and-entering part -but she had called him- just before her heart did a funny little painful flip and she heard him say again in her head THE TWO OF US.
Anita R. Sneed-Carter|When the Lord disconnects you from your past, don't try to hook up with it again.
Eric Samuel Timm, Static Jedi: The Art of Hearing God Through the Noise|Science is a system of statements based on direct experience, and controlled by experimental verification. Verification in science is not, however, of single statements but of the entire system or a sub-system of such statements.
Russell Brand|The Oscar-nominated documentary The Act of Killing tells the story of the gangster leaders who carried out anti-communist purges in Indonesia in 1965 to usher in the regime of Suharto.The film’s hook, which makes it compelling and accessible, is that the filmmakers get Anwar —one of the death-squad leaders, who murdered around a thousand communists using a wire rope—and his acolytes to reenact the killings and events around them on film in a variety of genres of their choosing.In the film’s most memorable sequence, Anwar—who is old now and actually really likable, a bit like Nelson Mandela, all soft and wrinkly with nice, fuzzy gray hair—for the purposes of a scene plays the role of a victim in one of the murders that he in real life carried out.A little way into it, he gets a bit tearful and distressed and, when discussing it with the filmmaker on camera in the next scene, reveals that he found the scene upsetting. The offcamera director asks the poignant question, “What do you think your victims must’ve felt like?” and Anwar initially almost fails to see the connection. Eventually, when the bloody obvious correlation hits him, he thinks it unlikely that his victims were as upset as he was, because he was “really” upset. The director, pressing the film’s point home, says, “Yeah but it must’ve been worse for them, because we were just pretending; for them it was real.”Evidently at this point the reality of the cruelty he has inflicted hits Anwar, because when they return to the concrete garden where the executions had taken place years before, he, on camera, begins to violently gag.This makes incredible viewing, as this literally visceral ejection of his self and sickness at his previous actions is a vivid catharsis. He gagged at what he’d done.After watching the film, I thought—as did probably everyone who saw it—how can people carry out violent murders by the thousand without it ever occurring to them that it is causing suffering? Surely someone with piano wire round their neck, being asphyxiated, must give off some recognizable signs? Like going “ouch” or “stop” or having blood come out of their throats while twitching and spluttering into perpetual slumber?What it must be is that in order to carry out that kind of brutal murder, you have to disengage with the empathetic aspect of your nature and cultivate an idea of the victim as different, inferior, and subhuman. The only way to understand how such inhumane behavior could be unthinkingly conducted is to look for comparable examples from our own lives. Our attitude to homelessness is apposite here.It isn’t difficult to envisage a species like us, only slightly more evolved, being universally appalled by our acceptance of homelessness.“What? You had sufficient housing, it cost less money to house them, and you just ignored the problem?”They’d be as astonished by our indifference as we are by the disconnected cruelty of Anwar.
H. Rider Haggard, She|That which is alive hath known death, and that which is dead can never die, for in the Circle of the Spirit life is naught and death is naught. Yea, all things live forever, though at times they sleep and are forgotten.
Latika Teotia|Strange are the ways of God. At times He showers His gifts when we least expect them. Treat each day as an important one; you never know He may have decided to send you a gift through a small child looking for help or an unknown stranger seeking directions to a place or a person unable to pay his coffee bill because his pocket has been picked or a lady on the next table who absent mindedly leaves her purse in the café. Anyone of them could be the carrier of God’s gifts. Be alert His miracles can come up any time, in any form and through anyone. Your life may be about to change, His Angel is on the way so don’t be caught napping. Don’t treat today or any day as just another day.
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|The wisdom of LIFE eludes even the best...For those who pass the test Life is a fest,While, its forever, A battle for the rest..
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Without written goals, we fail to plan and to run with single-minded purpose.
Cyril Norman Hinshelwood|It was in a swampy village on the lagoon river behind the Turner Peninsula that Pollock's first encounter with the Porroh man occurred. The women of that country are famous for their good looks - they are Gallinas with a dash of European blood that dates from the days of Vasco da Gama and the English slave-traders, and the Porroh man, too, was possibly inspired by a faint Caucasian taint in his composition. (It's a curious thing to think that some of us may have distant cousins eating men on Sherboro Island or raiding with the Sofas.) At any rate, the Porroh man stabbed the woman to the heart as though he had been a mere low-class Italian, and very narrowly missed Pollock. But Pollock, using his revolver to parry the lightning stab which was aimed at his deltoid muscle, sent the iron dagger flying, and, firing, hit the man in the hand.He fired again and missed, knocking a sudden window out of the wall of the hut. The Porroh man stooped in the doorway, glancing under his arm at Pollock. Pollock caught a glimpse of his inverted face in the sunlight, and then the Englishman was alone, sick and trembling with the excitement of the affair, in the twilight of the place. It had all happened in less time than it takes to read about it.("Pollock And The Porroh Man")
Jim Carroll, The Basketball Diaries|It was a dream, not a nightmare, a beautiful dream I could never imagine in a thousand nods. There was a girl next to me who wasn't beautiful until she smiled and I felt that smile come at me in heat waves following, soaking through my body and out my finger tips in shafts of color and I knew somewhere in the world, somewhere, that there was love for me.
R. N. Prasher|Like everything else, we know the futility of money only when we have more than enough of it.
Tony-Paul de Vissage|Nil Sine Magno Labore ("Nothing without great effort") --Motto of Brooklyn College
Dennis Lambert|Now the valley cried with anger, "Mount your horses draw your sword." And they killed the mountain people, so they won their just reward. Now they stood beside the treasure, on the mountain dark and red. Turned the stone and looked beneath it. "Peace on earth" was all it said. Go ahead and hate your neighbor,go ahead and cheat a friend. Do it in the name of heaven, you can justify it in the end. There won't be any trumpets blowing come the judgment day. On the bloody morning after one tin soldier rides away.
Walter Brueggemann, The Prophetic Imagination|My vision is to help each man, woman and child connect with their inherent psychic ability. I believe that each person has the potential to tap into their abilities and access them to empower their life and reach their full potential.
Karla Perry, Back to the Future: Rebuilding America's Stability|We must learn to think again. America floats on a sea of misguided philosophies, all competing for equality while the values that provide true freedom are hidden in a dishonored generation. Returning to biblical principles will shore up our foundation and increase our freedom and health as a nation.
Danny McBride|It was my family that wanted me to be a teacher. That was safe, you see. To be a painter was terrible.
Harlan Coben, Stay Close|In reality, there are as many religions as there are individuals.
Swami Vivekananda, The Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda: v. 3|When birds look into houses, what impossible worlds they see.
E. S. Carter|Rebecca stared back at him, still dazed. She'd forgotten how to speak; it seemed an unimportant skill, anyhow, when such kisses were to be had, when a whole world could be made from a kiss.
Mumford & Sons|You are my world, my everything You stupid girl, you're gonna be the death of me So let me go, just let me be You stupid girl, I love the way you're killing me (killing me) You stupid girl (killing me) You stupid girl
Israelmore Ayivor, Michelangelo | Beethoven | Shakespeare: 15 Things Common to Great Achievers|However, if you fail to prepare, you will either go through stress to win your race or you may quit when the battle becomes tougher than you ever imagined.
Charlie Cochet, Hell & High Water|If Sloane’s quiet words hadn’t been enough to get Dex squirming in his towel, Sloane’s quick kiss to his lips sealed the deal. Oh God, he was about to get a hard-on at work, and the bastard that was the cause of it was loving every moment 
Michael Hayden|I think the political class in Berlin doesn't need to be supervised and monitored by intelligence services in order to find out what they're thinking. Just go to lunch with them, go to dinner with them, or read the papers.
David W. Earle|Reality may not be what you want it to be, but it is the reality you now must face. You can deny this reality and try to wish it away, or you can accept it and not waste any energy on wanting it to be different.
Malcolm Gladwell|Steampunk appeals to the idea of uniqueness, to the one-off item, while every mainstream consumer technology of recent years is about putting human beings into ever more granular, packageable and mass-produced identities so that they can be sold or sold to, perfectly mapped and understood.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Girls, watch out for the bad guys!...there are those capable of showering their resources on you just to dance on top of you, and finally destroy your good image and reputation.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Where lowland is, that's where water goes. All medicine wants is pain to cure.
Nick Harkaway|A typical medical practice is like an old-fashioned business which keeps all of its records on paper. It can probably track down any individual transaction if it needs to, but it's basically helpless when it comes to overall measurements of performance. And that's the big problem.
Charles Stanley|These past years, as we have been recovering and given our city a rebirth, we have been encouraged by our faith, knowledge, and steadfast belief that we will pull through. There will be challenges and setbacks, as there have already been, but we will continue, and we the citizens of New Orleans will prevail in bringing our city back.
Gitty Daneshvari, Class is Not Dismissed!|And Garrison...""Yeah, Maddie?""Well," Madeline said with cheeks red as a beet, "since we're leaving tomorrow, since it's all ending,and way may not be in touch gain, or at least not often...I want to tell you...that I think you're..."Madeline suddenly stopped. She could not quite bring herself to say what she wanted to,Instead she simply stared at Garrison,Her heart aflutter and her palms sweating.In her Mind she was screaming it but her lips just wouldn't move."i think you're...too..." Garrison said with a wink.
Lisa J. Shultz, A Chance to Say Goodbye: Reflections on Losing a Parent|the whole point of literature, I think, is that it’s the best technology we have for communicating what another person’s life feels like from the inside.
Eoin Colfer, Half-Moon Investigations|You still awake?' asked the anesthetist.'Nope,' I replied.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We need to place God at the center of our family . . . As a family, we need to walk with God daily.
Harold E. Varmus|In preparation for a career in academic medicine, I worked as a medical house officer at Columbia-Presbyterian Hospital from 1966 to 1968 and then joined Ira Pastan's laboratory at the National Institutes of Health as a Clinical Associate.
Nick Harkaway, The Gone-Away World|But if Miss Golightly remained unconscious of my existence, except as a doorbell convenience, I became, through the summer, rather an authority on hers. I discovered, from observing the trash-basket outside her door, that her regular reading consisted of tabloids and travel folders and astrological charts; that she smoked an esoteric cigarette called Picayunes; survived on cottage cheese and Melba Toast; that her vari-colored hair was somewhat self-induced. The same source made it evident that she received V-letters by the bale. They were torn into strips like bookmarks. I used occasionally to pluck myself a bookmark in passing. Remember and miss you and rain and please write and damn and goddamn were the words that recurred most often on these slips; those, and lonesome and love.
Paulo Coelho|It was a prayer that he had never said before, because it was a prayer without words or pleas.
Nichole Chase, Suddenly Royal|That's how it started: a series of small hurts and excuses between two people that built up slowly, widening over time to form a vast and yawning divide.
jasmine wilmany|-	It is clear that we have to come down a bit from the high horse of reason on which we enjoy sitting. We have to be simple and take time to think how to make things understandable to the little ones. We have to become children again, and some find that too hard.
Claudia Gray, Hourglass|Right." Doctor Cherryman's face lit up. Here was a way for him to grapple with the problem that the reality of vampires had presented to him. "Let's say vampires exist. What does that mean?""That they're bloodsucking murderers here to kill us all?" Lucy and the Doctor gaped at Quin's bald-faced assessment."Tell me I'm wrong," Quin said.
Mikhail Bulgakov, The Master and Margarita|When you don't know where to start,just go to a place you miss so much.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Nabir came out to drive the children away, but she stopped him. "I like to be friendly she said." "But they are not your friends," said Nabir. "You don't know them." "Respect first," Nabir would have said if he could have explained, "friendship after.
Tara Sivec, Seduction and Snacks|This is one of mommy's friends, buddy," I told Gavin. (...)"You're Mommy's fwiend?" he questioned. Carter just nodded with his mouth open and no sound coming out. I’m pretty sure he didn’t even hear Gavin. Someone could have asked him if he liked to watch gay porn while painting pictures of kittens and he would have nodded his head. Before anyone could react, Gavin pulled back one of his little fists of fury and slammed it right into Carters manhood. He immediately bent over at the waist, clutching his hands between his legs and gasping for breath. "Oh my God! Gavin!" I yelled, as I scrambled over to him, bent down and turned him around to face me while my dad and Liz laughed like hyenas behind me. "What is wrong with you? We don't hit people. EVER," I scolded. While Carter tried to breathe again, my dad managed to stop laughing long enough to apologize. "Sorry, Claire, that's probably my fault. I let Gavin watch "Fight Club" with me last night." "Your fwiends got you sick the other night. You said he was your fwiend," Gavin explained, like it made all the sense in the world. This just made my dad laugh even louder. "Not helping, Dad," I growled through clenched teeth. "You don't make my mommy sick, dicky-punk!" Gavin yelled at Carter, putting his two little fingers up by his eyes, and then pointing them right at Carter just like Liz had done to him earlier. "Jesus Christ," Carter wheezed. "Did he just threaten me?" "Jesus Cwist!" Gavin repeated back.
Milan Kundera, The Book of Laughter and Forgetting|Once the writer in every individual comes to life (and that time is not far off), we are in for an age of universal deafness and lack of understanding.
Thich Nhat Hanh, True Love: A Practice for Awakening the Heart|Can any one deny that the old Israelites conceived Jahveh not only in the image of a man, but in that of a changeable, irritable, and, occasionally, violent man?
Bruce Springsteen, Born to Run|When older people ask me, “How have you been so successful after age 65?” I tell them, “Anyone who’s reached 65 years of age has had a world of experience behind him. He’s had his ups and downs and all the trials and tribulations of life. He certainly ought to be able to gather something out of that, something he can put together at the end of his 65 years so he can get a new start.” The way I see it, a man’s life is written by the way he lives it. It’s using any talent God has given him, even if his talent is cooking food or running a good motel.You can reach higher, think bigger, grow stronger and live deeper in this country of ours than anywhere else on Earth. The rules here give everybody a chance to win. If my story is different, it’s because my life really began at age 65 when most folks have already called it a day.I’d been modestly successful before I hit 65. After that I made millions. When they’re about 60 or 65, a lot of people feel that life is all over for them. Too many of them just sit and wait until they die or they become a burden to other people. The truth is they can make a brand new life for themselves if they just don’t give up and hunker down. I want to tell people, “You’re only as old as you feel or as you think, and no matter what your age there’s plenty of work to be done.” I don’t want to sound like I’m clearing my throat and giving advice about how a man can be successful. I’m not all puffed up. My main trade secret is I’m not afraid of hard, back-cracking work. After all, I was raised on a farm where hard work is the way of life.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|Were the earth as smooth as a ball bearing, it might be beautiful seen from another planet, as the rings of Saturn are. But here we live and move; we wander up and down the banks of the creek, we ride a railway through the Alps, and the landscape shifts and changes. Were the earth smooth, our brains would be smooth as well; we would wake, blink, walk two steps to get the whole picture and lapse into dreamless sleep. Because we are living people, and because we are on the receiving end of beauty, another element necessarily enters the question. The texture of space is a condition of time. Time is the warp and matter the weft of woven texture of beauty in space, and death is the hurtling shuttle…	What I want to do, then, is add time to the texture, paint the landscape on an unrolling scroll, and set the giant relief globe spinning on it stand.
John Milton|Many a man lives a burden to the Earth, but a good book is the precious life-blood of a master spirit, imbalmed and treasured up on purpose to a life beyond life.
Debra Ollivier, What French Women Know  About Love, Sex and Other Matters of the Heart and Mind|Strange how reluctant I was to acknowledge that control of my fate lay beyond my own conscious will. Habit of a lifetime, I suppose.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|The agenda of the Media is not to inform you, they don't care about you, they are trying to show you the truth. There are some intelligent Christians but they can't find them and put on the air ...for instance me
Russ  Michael|Discipline isn't a dirty word. Far from it. Discipline is the one thing that separates us from chaos and anarchy. Discipline implies timing. It's the precursor to good behavior, and it never comes from bad behavior. People who associate discipline with punishment are wrong: with discipline, punishment is unnecessary.
Robert James Waller, The Bridges of Madison County|And in that moment, everything I knew to be true about myself up until then was gone. I was acting like another woman, yet I was more myself than ever before.
A. Lee Brock, Penny Willan and the Well: A Fairy Tale of Ode|The computer may be incompetent in itself--that is, unable to do the work for which it was designed. This kind of incompetence can never be eliminated, because the Peter Principle applies in the plants where computers are designed and manufactured.
Darrell Calkins|More focus has been placed on these subjects through human history than on anything else—mystery and mysticism, God, imagination, intuition, the nature of relationships, human purpose, happiness and salvation…
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|Arise, slay thy enemies, enjoy a prosperous kingdom,
J.D. Stroube, Caged in Darkness|Stare at him," said Ghost. "They won't bite you if you keep staring at them."Steve backed away. "They bite?"Not really. They hiss at you, mostly. The only time geese are ever dangerous is when you happen to be standing on the edge of a cliff. I heard about a guy that almost got killed that way."By geese?"Yeah, there was a whole flock of them coming after him. All hissing and cackling and stabbing at his ankles with their big ol' beaks. He didn't know you had to stare them right in the eye, and he panicked. They backed him right over a fifty-foot cliff."So how come he didn't die?"This guy had wings," said Ghost. "He flew away.
Sanjida Kay, Bone by Bone|The lines began to sing, a shrill, electric song, and then the cacophony of the train roared out of the darkness. The carriages were almost empty and painfully bright as they hurtled along the tracks to the heart of the city. In the fleeting light she saw the meadow, dotted with stunted hawthorns, their twisted limbs dense with red berries, and then a shape: achingly familiar, child-sized, shockingly still.
Nikki Rowe|I just want to live in a way that either wakes people up or shakes people up. Whether I have opened a wound or opened a heart, I have touched a life and helped bring a change.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you choose your own area of calling and purpose, and you are working and converting your life into that your area of calling, you are not being compensated with salary. You become the boss over your own life.
F. Sionil José|...being Latino means being from everywhere, and that is exactly what America is supposed to be about.
Suzanne Selfors, Kiss and Spell|Because the victims are “only children,” their distress is trivialized. But in twenty years’ time these children will be adult who will feel compelled to pay it all back to their own children. They may consciously fight with vigor against cruelty in the world yet carry within themselves an experience of cruelty that they may unconsciously inflict on others. As long as it remains hidden behind their idealized picture of a happy childhood, they will have not awareness of it and will therefore be unable to avoid passing it on.It is absolutely urgent that people become aware of the degree to which this disrespect of children is persistently transmitted from one generation to the next, perpetuating destructive behavior. Someone who slaps or hits another adult or knowingly insults her is aware of hurting her. Even if he doesn’t know why he is doing this, he has some sense of what he is doing. But how often were our parents, and we ourselves toward our own children, unconscious of how painfully, deeply, and abidingly they and we injured a child’s tender, budding self?
Lisel Mueller, Alive Together|My husband says spring will be early.He says this every year,And every year I disagree.He needs me, the dark side of the planetary equation.Together we make the equinox.
Charles Bowden, Desierto: Memories of the Future|Only way to live here is day by day, same as anywhere.
Steven Redhead, Life Is A Cocktail|There are no free passes in life, outcomes will always mirror the input.
Sara Massa, The Shifting Moon|Fight for whatever is yours even though it means you'll suffer, if you really want it, you'll do whatever it takes to be yours again.
Mark Sanford|Perfection is immutable. But for things imperfect, change is the way to perfect them.
Vicki Covington, Bird of Paradise|All these things we do bespeak a terrible anxiety: that our children simply will not be able to make it through life if we do not perform totemic acts to keep them on the path toward self-perfection and keep their lives pure and unfettered by distracting emotion, personality foibles, or less-than-ideal experiences.
Harold Prince|I grew up with a very romantic, idealized vision of New York, probably because of all the books I read and the movies I watched.
Auliq-Ice|As many ideas you can generate, encourage them to form nests in your mind, for one will surely liberate you.
Robert Hass|There is a curious idea among unscientific men that in scientific writing there is a common plateau of perfectionism. Nothing could be more untrue. The reports of biologists are the measure, not of the science, but of the men themselves. There are as few scientific giants as any other kind. In some reports it is impossible, because of inept expression, to relate the descriptions to the living animals. In some papers collecting places are so mixed or ignored that the animals mentioned cannot be found at all. The same conditioning forces itself into specification as it does into any other kind of observation, and the same faults of carelessness will be found in scientific reports as in the witness chair of a criminal court. It has seemed sometimes that the little men in scientific work assumed the awe-fullness of a priesthood to hide their deficiencies, as the witch-doctor does with his stilts and high masks, as the priesthoods of all cults have, with secret or unfamiliar languages and symbols. It is usually found that only the little stuffy men object to what is called "popularization", by which they mean writing with a clarity understandable to one not familiar with the tricks and codes of the cult. We have not known a single great scientist who could not discourse freely and interestingly with a child. Can it be that the haters of clarity have nothing to say, have observed nothing, have no clear picture of even their own fields? A dull man seems to be a dull man no matter what his field, and of course it is the right of a dull scientist to protect himself with feathers and robes, emblems and degrees, as do other dull men who are potentates and grand imperial rulers of lodges of dull men.
Nikola Tesla|I believe in one thing only, the power of human will.
Mehmet Murat ildan|In moments when you feel that life is unbearably heavy, surrender yourself to the circumstances for a while! When life hits you hard and makes you fall down, take a rest on the ground for a while! Momentaneous non-resistance will give you time to gather your strength!
Matt Cameron|I am originally from Florida. So Thanksgiving was always something I really looked forward to, because I got to travel back home every year and see everyone all at once, around one big happy table.
John Steinbeck, The Winter of Our Discontent|Let's say that when I was a little baby, and all my bones soft and malleable, I was put in a small Episcopal cruciform box and so took my shape. Then, when I broke out of the box, the way a baby chick escapes an egg, is it strange that I had the shape of a cross? Have you ever noticed that chickens are roughly egg-shaped?
Signe Pike, Faery Tale: One Woman's Search for Enchantment in a Modern World|I wanted to find something of the beauty of myth that we’ve left behind, carry its shreds before us all, so we could acknowledge it, somehow bring it back to life. I wanted to delve back into that world that cradled us when we were young enough to still touch it, when trolls lived under creek bridges, faeries fluttered under mushroom caps, and the Tooth Fairy only came once you were truly sleeping. I wanted to see if enchantment was somehow still there, simply waiting to be reached. When I felt my loss, I realized that if I could do anything in this life, I wanted to travel he world, searching for those who were still awake in that old dreamtime, and listen to their stories – because I had to know that there were grownups out there who still believed that life could be magical.And in that moment I decided: I am going to find the goddamn faeries.
V.C. Andrews, Flowers in the Attic|Against a set of desolate scenery, amid spectral crags and livid mountains of ash, beneath the funereal daylight of slopes illuminated in blue, she personified the spirit of the witches' sabbat. Morbid and voluptuous, sometimes with extenuated grace and infinite lassitude, she seemed to carry the burden of a criminal beauty, a beauty charged with all the sins cf the multitude. She fell again and again upon her pliant legs, and as she outlined the symbolic gestures of her two beautiful dead arms she seemed to be towing them behind her. Then, the vertigo of the abyss took hold of her again, and like one possessed she stood on point, holding herself fully erect from top to toe, like a spike of flesh and shadows. Her arms, weighed down just a few moments earlier, became menacing, demoniac, and audacious. Twisting like a screw, she whirled around, like a winnowing-machine - no, like a great lily stirred by a storm-wind. Clownish and macabre, a nacreous gleam showed between her lips... oh, that cruel and sardonic smile, and the two deep pools of her terrible eyes!Ize Kranile!
Peter Sloterdijk, Not Saved: Essays After Heidegger|The world had opened out and so had the universe, or what she since had thought must have been the universe, lying all spread out before her, with ever nook revealed, with all the knowledge, all the reasons there - a universe in which time and space had been ruled out because time and space were only put there, in the first place, to make it impossible for anyone to grasp the universe. Seen for a moment, half-sensed, a flash of insight that had been gone before there had been time for it to register on her brain, sensed and known for an instant only and then gone so quickly that it had left impression only, no certain memory and no solid knowledge, but impressions only, like a face seen in a lightning flash and then the darkness closing in,
R. W. Patterson, Dark Night of the Soul: In the darkest of moments...a sacrifice to end a life...a rescue to save a soul.|You want to show me your wrath? You want to hurt me, so show me. We can take this to the bedroom if you like—the bed might be reduced to kindling, but I’m willing to take that chance. Now fight me,” he growled aloud, his obsidian eyes narrowing to angry slits. “Show me what you are becoming.
Michael Caine|If anyone besides famous people knew what it was like to be a famous person, they would never want to be famous.
Melissa Cutler, Tempted into Danger|And if we don't keep moving, we won't make it to a computer in time to stop the submarine sale because we'll have to spend a second night in the jungle, surrounded by friggin' pit vipers. In the rain. And I am sick and tired of the rain. I want to get a roof over our heads and dry clothes for you because I can see right through your damn shirt and it's driving me crazy.
Kathryn Fogleman, Tales of the Wovlen: The Dragon' Son|A sacred soul Thus, within the cosmic creation proceed Life is precious as gold Death will come In a better place, where there’s no earthly lifeEternity exist...God..... Judgement falls upon usNothing to minus and nothing to plus Only the truthIn a better place where there’s no cuss They say tranquility exist hereNo fussNo sorrowA better place with great yarrow It will come in the morrowIn present times Life is but a Dream
Ronald Reagan|Living with fear stops us taking risks, and if you don't go out on the branch, you're never going to get the best fruit.
Catherine Carrigan, What Is Healing? Awaken Your Intuitive Power for Health and Happiness|We’ll sleep when we’re tired. When we wake, I’ll find a way to make you laugh and I’ll live in the sound of it.” My throat gets tight because I long for that day to be now. “We’ll find somewhere you’ve never been and we’ll make it ours—fill it with memories of us. That’s what I want.” I finish with the alcohol swab. Leaning close, I gently blow on his healing wound to ease the sting. Reed takes my hand and brings it to his lips, kissing it tenderly. “And when we get that sleep, there will never be a your side or a my side of the bed—we’ll always meet in the middle. And when I hold you there, in our bed, you’ll let me rest my lips here.” Reed lets go of my hand to move his thumb to caress the sensitive skin of my neck just beneath my ear. I get swept up in him: my body his with one touch. I turn and rub my cheek gently against his palm. “And we won’t rush...ever,” I murmur, forgetting to be scared. I want that future with him. “The world can spin around us but we’ll take our time, savor every moment.” My head rests on his shoulder. “Just you and me.
Ilona Andrews, Fate's Edge|Just stay close to us. If we get in trouble, we'll kill everything.
Eric Gamalinda, Amigo Warfare|As Richard has pointed out on several occasions, I subscribe to the irregular verb theory of life: I am a trained investigator, you have a healthy curiosity, she/he is a nosy parker.
Henryk Sienkiewicz, Quo Vadis|If we repay evil with good, then how do we repay the good?
Jonathan Safran Foer, Here I Am|I remembered my mother's speech at my wedding. "In sickness and in sickness. That is what I wish for you. Don't seek or expect miracles. There are no miracles. Not anymore. And there are no cures for the hurt that hurts most. There is only the medicine of believing each other's pain, and being present for it." Who will believe my pain? Who will be present for it?
Christopher Hitchens, Letters to a Young Contrarian|Film does not replace language, for it cannot exist without it. Film displaces language, exposes the abyss that threatens to engulf every semantic signification. Film parasitizes language, much as the animal does, drawing into its imaginary panorama that which remains undisclosed in discursivity. Cinema is a parasite.
Robert M. Gates|Many difficulties which nature throws in our way, may be smoothed away by the exercise of intelligence.
Laxmi Hariharan|The choices one makes, not one's blood, determine one's destiny - John Steinbeck
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|Our world desperately needs change. We all know this. The scope of the change ranges from our lifestyles to the direction of our civilization. When we acknowledge our greatness and start living it, when we open our hearts to the natural kindness and the caring for all beings that resides within us, all these necessary transformations can begin.
Deyth Banger|God does not look to find those who are the elites and those who are the most skilled. Rather He looks for the weak and insignificant who trust in Him. God uses broken pots and vessels, He uses imperfect people who trust in a perfect God. Thus all men will know that it is God who has manifested His power and glory through a brother or sister. It is realized then that it was not the work of men but the work of God.
Leonardo da Vinci|Once you have tasted flight, you will forever walk the earth with your eyes turned skyward, for there you have been, and there you will always long to return.
Aldous Huxley|Words, words, words! They shut one off from the universe. Three quarters of the time one’s never in contact with things, only with the beastly words that stand for them.
Kenny G|Do you want to be an artist and a writer, or a wife and a lover? With kids, your focus changes. I don't want to go to PTA meetings.
Dejan Stojanovic|Possible is more a matter of attitude, A matter of decision, to choose Among the impossible possibilities, When one sound opportunity Becomes a possible solution.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Like a sponge, we absorb, not liquid, but energy. Each morning we wake up as a fresh, dry sponge, ready to take in the world around us. Throughout the day, we interact with people, various energies, and a range of vibration. Each time, we absorb energy – either a small amount or a great deal – depending on whether the contact is direct or residual. And when we are filled to the point that we can absorb no more, we sometimes feel like we might explode. We know this bursting point – it reveals itself in our over-stimulated, over-stressed, near-crazy minds. Sleep often releases the energetic buildup, yet meditation works just as well. Meditation throughout the day “wrings out” our soggy, spongy selves. Deliberate mindfulness in the present moment can keep us from absorbing things we don’t resonate with, so that we no longer reach the point of mental breakdowns or emotional overloads.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Some cats are angry at being called cats. To achieve peace with them, never call them by their real name
Katherine Reay, Dear Mr. Knightley|What I really wanted... wasn't fame. All I wanted was to know... whether or not I should've been born. Huff... I can't even shout anymore. Luffy, listen to my next words carefully. Tell everybody what I say to you. Pops!! Fellow pirates!! And... Luffy... I've always been such a hopeless person... huff huff... I was demon spawn... the son of the devil!! Thank you... for loving me!!
Rein Scott, Reborn|She was the best friend he’d ever had, and he’d tried to resist messing it up, tried not to feel anything else for her, but it was inevitable. He was meant to love Gemma Carlson.
Deborah Wilde, The Unlikeable Demon Hunter|The twin desires to both smack the smug off his face and rip off his pants to see for myself should have negated each other and yet, there they were. “Seriously, his stupid reality show Live like a King hits douchebag territory, but a demon?
Erin Hanson|It's innocence when it charms us, ignorance when it doesn't.
D. Antoinette Foy|Your flesh is not a reflection of your soul. So when you look in the mirror, remember that your light outshines your flaws.
Mimi Marinucci, Facebook and Philosophy: What's on Your Mind?|Williams was complex and tortured. He was not a saint but had his saintly side, which came and went, radiant and sincere as long as it lasted.
Jeffrey Gitomer|I was around computers from birth; we had one of the first Macs, which came out shortly before I was born, and my dad ran a company that wrote computer operating systems. I don't think I have any particular technical skills; I just got a really large head start.
Alice Jamieson, Today I'm Alice: Nine Personalities, One Tortured Mind|When the black thing was at its worst, when the illicit cocktails and the ten-mile runs stopped working, I would feel numb as if dead to the world. I moved unconsciously, with heavy limbs, like a zombie from a horror film. I felt a pain so fierce and persistent deep inside me, I was tempted to take the chopping knife in the kitchen and cut the black thing out I would lie on my bed staring at the ceiling thinking about that knife and using all my limited powers of self-control to stop myself from going downstairs to get it.
Kenneth Eade, Terror on Wall Street, a Financial Metafiction Novel|Yeah, save the idiots in government, definitely a priority. He didn't say it out loud, though.
Pradeepa Pandiyan|Be thankful to those painful moments of your life, because that has what shaped you to become who you are now.
Richard Finney, Black Mariah: "A Calling"|Elijah blinked in dazzling sunlight and took a deep breath. The sweet-pepper scent of meadow grass told him immediately where he was. Winded, he skidded to a halt as the portal spat him out. Above him stretched skies of cornflower blue, dotted with threadbare white clouds sailing over like cotton galleons on the summer breeze.
M. Ward|The most successful marriages, gay or straight, even if they begin in romantic love, often become friendships. It's the ones that become the friendships that last.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|I cannot remember the books I've read any more than the meals I have eaten; even so, they have made me.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You must resist negative thoughts, negative criticism and negative influences.
Nelson Mandela, Long Walk to Freedom|A Nation should not be judged by how it treats its highest citizens, but it's lowest ones
Anthony Powell, A Dance to the Music of Time: 1st Movement|I'm not a nazis or fascist, I'm just normal guy who have a lot of curios about a lot of stuff in other words I have curiosity for information.
Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God|Ships at a distance have every man's wish on board. For some they come in with the tide. For others they sail forever on the horizon, never out of sight, never landing until the Watcher turns his eyes away in resignation, his dreams mocked to death by Time.
Antony Starr|It's something that black men still go through to this day, which is women clutching their purses, hitting the lock button on store, or just basic attitudes. And even as a U.S. congressman, as a black man, it is very, very frustrating, and you build up an internal anger about it that you can't act on.
Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God|No hour is ever eternity, but it has its right to weep.
Ed Sheeran|Everything will be okay in the end. If it’s not okay, then it’s not the end.
Lyndon B. Johnson|Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose.
Kasi Kaye Iliopoulos, Living in Light, Love & Truth: You Can Positively Change Your Life by Living in Light, Love, & Truth-Awareness + Reflection + Learning + Application|There is love in everything, and when we really live and view life with an open heart (and live in our truth), the light illuminates the way.
Jerry Rice|Some of my fans have said that because I've been able to speak about my issues, that they're not afraid to speak about theirs, which is an amazing feeling.
Nicholas A. McGirr, The Life Tree|No one showed any signs of recognizing me. I didn't know what I'd do if they did, other than lie like a devil and pray like a saint.
Roseanna M. White, A Soft Breath of Wind|Again he shook his head. The world's gone mad, he thought. The dead walk about and I think nothing of it. The return of corpses has become trivial in import. How quickly one accepts the incredible if only one sees it enough!
Bill Gates|When you have solved the problem of controlling the attention of the child, you have solved the entire problem of its education.
Evelyn Waugh, Brideshead Revisited: The Sacred and Profane Memories of Captain Charles Ryder|I'll pray for you.""That's very kind of you.""I can't spare you a whole rosary, you know. Just a decade. I've got such a long list of people. I take them in order and they get a decade about once a week.
Abbas Kiarostami|I think going from doing TV and straight plays to Shakespeare is weird enough because you have this heightened language, and you are telling a story through metric poetry. But I think music is that place beyond poetry.
Karen Amanda Hooper, Taking Back Forever|You won't always spoil her .or treat her like a princess.You won't tell her she's beautiful everyday.You won't make her smile every night and you won't always want her the way you do now.That fades.Those giddy little stomach flutters fade and you're then left with reality.There will be day's you will forget to tell her she's beautiful,even though she needs to hear it.There will be days you'll to say i love you.There will be days you'll forget a birthday or an anniversary.There will be a time when she will walk past you and you won;t want to ravish her, the way you do now.Those things fade, and when they do, what's left is what's truly worth fighting for Love isn't always beautiful, heck,it's not even close to being perfect half the time,feelings change, the spark dies down and what you're left with is something you either chose to fight for you don't When you know that even through those things are gone,you're still willing to fight for every breath ,then you know the love is real.
John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom|When a great moment knocks on the door of your life, it is often no louder than the beating of your heart, and it is very easy to miss it. 
Deyth Banger|Adults are always like that, They only see what they want to see, As such, I am disapointed in them, but... That's convenient for me. - Fujisawa Ayana
Rebecca MacKinnon|I want to look my best for God. So many people have the attitude that if you're a Christian you've got to dress bad, wear an old color, not do anything to your hair, have nothing. It's no wonder that Christianity is not very attractive. I mean, how many people do you know in a Western culture that's going to go, 'Yeah, give me some of that?'
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Cat's Cradle|Tiger got to hunt, bird got to fly;Man got to sit and wonder 'why, why, why?'Tiger got to sleep, bird got to land;Man got to tell himself he understand.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|Extending gratitude to another says, “I see what you’ve done and I thank you for the energy you put forth.
Gayathri Jayakumar|If you can tag every Pakistani men as terrorists, you can definitely tag every Indian men as rapists... That's how the minority make an identity for the nation.
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|Chimerical words, the words were written,Some are wasted; some are still on the page,Tattered words, the words were written,Some are young, some are aged,Gloomy words, the words were written,Some are unspoken, some are told,Words were hurt, though they can heal,Words are breathless, though can feel,Words won hearts, words shattered hearts,Words lost battles, words won wars,Wars within, words had scars.
Albert Schweitzer|I don't know what your destiny will be, but one thing I know: the only ones among you who will be really happy are those who have sought and found how to serve.
Kirtida Gautam, #iAm16iCan|Considerable social science research has found that constant praise of children can backfire, because it so often consists of telling children how smart they are, not of praising children for the things they actually do. As a result, many children become protective of their image of being smart and are reluctant to take chances that might actually damage that image.
Frank Sinatra|Expressions of affection, like putting your arm around someone's shoulder, holding hands, or giving a kiss good night, involve the principle of honesty.
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Accidental Saints: Finding God in All the Wrong People|If I were offering hip replacement services I'd use Jarod Kintz as my spokesman. No one can possibly be better than him, to replace the missing spoke in your wheels.
Blaise Pascal, Pensées|We do not content ourselves with the life we have in ourselves and in our own being; we desire to live an imaginary life in the mind of others, and for this purpose we endeavour to shine. We labour unceasingly to adorn and preserve this imaginary existence, and neglect the real. And if we possess calmness, or generosity, or truthfulness, we are eager to make it known, so as to attach these virtues to that imaginary existence. We would rather separate them from ourselves to join them to it; and we would willingly be cowards in order to acquire the reputation of being brave. A great proof of the nothingness of our being, not to be satisfied with the one without the other, and to renounce the one for the other! For he would be infamous who would not die to preserve his honour.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When music hits you, you dance.
Zoltan Istvan, The Transhumanist Wager|The bold code of the transhumanist will rise. That's an inevitable, undeniable fact. It's embedded in the undemocratic nature of technology and our own teleological evolutionary advancment. It is the future. We are the future like it or not. And it needs to molded, guided, and handled correctly by the strength and wisdom of transhumanist scientists with their nations and resources standing behind them, facilitating them. It needs to be supported in a way that we can make a successful transition into it, and not sacrifice ourselves—either by its overwhelming power or by a fear of harnessing that power. You need to put your resources into the technology. Into our education system. Into our universities, industries, and ideas. Into the strongest of our society. Into the brightest of our society. Into the best of our society So that we can attain the future.
Derek Landy, Mortal Coil|I need a weapon,” Valkyrie muttered.“You’re an Elemental with a Necromancer ring, trained ina variety of martial arts by some of the best ﬁghters in the world,” Skulduggery pointed out. “I’m fairly certain that makes you a weapon.”“I mean a weapon you hold. You have a gun, Tanith has a sword... I want a stick.”“I’ll buy you a stick for Christmas.
James Frazee|No society can be simultaneously fair, free, and equal. If it is fair, people who work harder can accumulate more. If it is free, people will give their wealth to their children. But then it cannot be equal, for some people will inherit wealth they did not earn.
Jeremy Lin|God expects but one thing of you, and that is that you should come out of yourself in so far as you are a created being made and let God be God in you.
Preet Bharara|'WASP' is the only ethnic term that is in fact a term of class, apart from redneck, which is another word for the same group but who are in the lower social strata, so it's inexplicably tied up with social standing and culture and history in a way that the other hyphenations just are not.
Terry Pratchett, The Light Fantastic|The universe, they say, depended for its operation on the balance of four forces which they identified as charm, persuasion, uncertainty, and bloody-mindedness.
Gertrude B. Elion|Genome-based treatment, based on wider and cheaper availability of genome data, will provide new ways to customize the therapeutic protocol and enhance our control over diseases and medical treatment.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Pilgrims had vision and hope because they lived in the dimension of eternity. Their strength of spirit was forged by a personal faith in God, by tough discipline, and by regular habits of devotion.
Ron Suskind, The Way of the World: A Story of Truth and Hope in an Age of Extremism|You can actually herd cats. They can't be forced, of course. But if they sense something they want, if there enticed by something good, they'll follow, even in herds.
Natsuki Takaya, Fruits Basket, Vol. 1|Kyo: Of course, I'll beat YOU, too!Yuki: Don't you ever get tired of saying that?Kyo: Beating you is my vocation! It's my goal in life!Yuki: It's so unfair that I keep having to take abuse just because you can't meet your goals.Kyo: THAT CONDESCENDING ATTITUDE OF YOURS REALLY PISSES ME OFF!Yuki: And that revolting thought process of yours pisses me off.
Louise Penny, The Brutal Telling|Where there is love there is courage,where there is courage there is peace,where there is peace there is God.And when you have God, you have everything.
Jalaluddin Rumi, Night and Sleep|An eye is meant to see things.The soul is here for its own joy.A head has one use: For loving a true love.Feet: To chase after.Love is for vanishing into the sky. The mind,for learning what men have done and tried to do.Mysteries are not to be solved: The eye goes blindwhen it only wants to see why.A lover is always accused of something.But when he finds his love, whatever was lostin the looking comes back completely changed.
Lisa M. Klein, Ophelia|He sighed, then said, "So basically, you're stalking her.""I am NOT stalking her." I insisted."That's where you come in. If I followed her by myself, someone who did not understand the situation and did not realize that I am so responsible-"McGillicuddy snorted."- might mistake what I am doing for stalking.However, her big brother is with me. Therefore we are protecting her.
Matthew Arnold, The Complete Poems|But often, in the world’s most crowded streets,But often, in the din of strife,There rises an unspeakable desireAfter the knowledge of our buried life;A thirst to spend our fire and restless forceIn tracking out our true, original course;A longing to inquireInto the mystery of this heart which beatsSo wild, so deep in us—to knowWhence our lives come and where they go.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|A prince must not have any other object nor any other thought… but war, its institutions, and its discipline; because that is the only art befitting one who commands.
William Bailey, Great Ship of Knowledge: Learning Earth's Deathly History|A false-statement requires deceit and distortion for someone to buy it, but a truthful-statement sells itself.
Mircea Popister|You are, madame, so perfectly armoured, so completely sure of yourself.''Now I wonder, if I am to take that as a compliment?''It is, perhaps, a warning--not to treat life with arrogance.
Ehsan Sehgal|Don't live in the dreams, don't fly high, don't keep the expectations that cause your death before the death.
Alicia Cook, Stuff I've Been Feeling Lately|Unless you learn to lead, you will always be at the mercy of someone else to guide you.
Tim Parks|In general, when a novel manipulates its material to conform to the pieties of the day, or alternatively to attack those pieties for no other reason than the visibility such an attack will generate, when its literary tropes are all too familiar, its clever prose reminiscent of other clever prose, then the compass needle is slipping away from true north . . . When, on the other hand, the author renounces some easy twist, some expected payoff, to take us into territory we didn’t expect but that nevertheless fits with the drift of the story, then the novel gains force and conviction. And when he or she does it again, telling quite a different story that is nevertheless driven by the same urgent tensions, then we are likely moving into the zone of authenticity.
Gaelen Foley, The Duke|Oh, the way he was looking at her, really looking at her . . . this was the Christopher of her dreams. This was the man who had written to her. He was so caring, and real, and dazzling, that she wanted to weep.“I thought . . .” Christopher broke off and drew his thumb over the hot surface of her cheek.“I know,” she whispered, her nerves sparking in excitement at his touch.“I didn’t mean to do that.”“I know.”His gaze went to her parted lips, lingering until she felt it like a caress. Her heart labored to supply blood to her nerveless limbs. Every breath caused her body to lift up against his, a teasing friction of firm flesh and clean, warm linen.Beatrix was transfixed by the subtle changes in his face, the heightening color, the silver brightness of his eyes.She wondered if he were going to kiss her.And a single word flashed through her mind.Please. . .
Jessica Anderson, Tirra Lirra by the River|There are no worse oppressors than those who have been oppressed themselves. For they will justify all means of self-preservation, including the persecution and oppression of others to the extent of, and worse than that they had endured. This will weigh heavily on the souls of future generations.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|If you truly have compassion in your heart, show it by keeping your doubts to yourself and sharing your hope with those who love change!
Charles M. Schwab|We know that we cannot live together without rules which tell us what is right and what is wrong, what is permitted and what is prohibited. We know that it is law which enables men to live together, that creates order out of chaos. We know that law is the glue that holds civilization together.
Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X|Never ask a woman about other men.Either she'll tell you a lie, and you still won't know, or if she tells you the truth, you might not have wanted to hear it in the first place.
David O. McKay|As with companions so with books. We may choose those which will make us better, more intelligent, more appreciative of the good and the beautiful in the world, or we may choose the trashy, the vulgar, the obscene, which will make us feel as though we've been 'wallowing in the mire.
Karen Robards, One Summer|Upturned face.Parted lips. The good-night kiss he couldn’t leave without. Only, Megan’s lips were stiff and unyielding. She didn’t pull away. It might almost have been better if she had. Instead, she’d allowed the kiss to occur, taking it with the same cool detachment offered in her words.
Alex Ross|One day in 1948 or 1949, the Brentwood County Mart, a shopping complex in an upscale neighborhood of Los Angeles, California, was the scene of a slight disturbance that carried overtones of the most spectacular upheaval in twientieth-century music. Marta Feuchtwanger, wife of émigré novelist Lion Feuchtwanger, was examining grapefruit in the produce section when she heard a voice shouting German from the far end of the aisle. She looked up to see Arnold Schoenberg, the pioneer of atonal music and the codifier of twelve-tone composition, bearing down on her, with his bald pate and burning eyes. Decades later, in conversation with the writer Lawrence Weschler, Feuchtwanger could recall every detail of the encounter, including the weight of the grapefruit in her hand. “Lies, Frau Marta, lies!” Schoenberg was yelling. “You have to know, I never had syphilis!
Erica Bauermeister, Joy for Beginners|Caroline had felt more comfortable thinking of beauty as something separate from her, like a scarf or a coat you could check before going in to a show. She wondered now, however, if she had treated more things as a part of herself rather than an accessory, perhaps everything would have turned out differently.
Erin Fall Haskell|To love life is to love all of life; the suffering, the joy, the pain, the magnificence...all of it!
Princess Beatrice of York|We don't really even know how the Internet and technology are changing us, or our brains and our attention span.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Don't worry, keep at it, you will soon shock the world
Sanhita Baruah|Rule #1 of Traveling-Don't even think of answering questions that contain the word "plan"?
Thomas Hardy, Jude the Obscure|I have been looking at the marriage service in the Prayer-book, and it seems to me very humiliating that a giver-away should be required at all. According to the ceremony as there printed, my bridegroom chooses me of his own will and pleasure; but I don’t choose him. Somebody gives me to him, like a she-ass or she-goat, or any other domestic animal.
Sherman Alexie, The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven|You may have heard the talk of diversity, sensitivity training, and body cameras. These are all fine and applicable, but they understate the task and allow the citizens of this country to pretend that there is real distance between their own attitudes and those of the ones appointed to protect them. The truth is that the police reflect America in all of its will and fear, and whatever we might make of this country’s criminal justice policy, it cannot be said that it was imposed by a repressive minority. The abuses that have followed from these policies—the sprawling carceral state, the random detention of black people, the torture of suspects—are the product of democratic will. And so to challenge the police is to challenge the American people who send them into the ghettos armed with the same self-generated fears that compelled the people who think they are white to flee the cities and into the Dream. The problem with the police is not that they are fascist pigs but that our country is ruled by majoritarian pigs.
Michelle Franklin, I Hate Summer: My tribulations with seasonal depression, anxiety, plumbers, spiders, neighbours, and the world.|Everyone is a raconteur without realizing it. We speak to our friends, we speak to our doctors and therapists about the nothing-meaning nonsense that goes on in our lives, but the difference in telling a story and complaining about the ills of one’s life is in the delivery. We can talk about how someone slighted you at work, or we can talk about how that person looked when they promptly fell down the stairs a moment after disdaining you. There, you see, is the difference: people will often notice the main but not the nuance; they will notice the face of the person yelling at them and the pitch of their shouts, but will not notice the comfort that the ululations of agony and twisted limbs lying on the bottom stile can promise.
William Cullen Bryant|ATHENA: There are two sides to this dispute. I've heard only one half the argument. (...) So you two parties, summon your witnesses, set out your proofs, with sworn evidence to back your stories. Once I've picked the finest men in Athens, I'll return. They'll rule fairly in this case, bound by a sworn oath to act with justice.
Florence Falk|She wanted to hold on to the rosy candlelight glow of romance, rather than have to deal with the bright, sometimes glaring day-to-day life with another person. And who could blame her?
Rachael Wade, Declaration|one primary enemy of the Gospel—legalism—comes in two forms. Some people avoid the gospel and try to save themselves by keeping the rules, doing what they’re told, maintaining the standards, and so on (you could call this “front-door legalism”). Other people avoid the gospel and try to save themselves by breaking the rules, doing whatever they want, developing their own autonomous standards, and so on (you could call this “back-door legalism”).
Patricio Telman Chincocolo|One need not know one's karma, but have faith in life to be able to keep on going. With faith one can let go and let things take its course, embrace life and merge with it. Because she is the way.
Nikos Kazantzakis, Zorba the Greek|They say God's time is the best, But you have to believe that God's plan is the best also. Never Early, Never Late, Always on Time - Goals Rider
Nicki Elson, Vibrizzio|Vibrizzio? You named it! Okay, this isn’t even close to healthy.
Vironika Tugaleva|Doubt was a giant-sized beast with heavy boots that pounded through the cities of the mind, sparking an occasional life only so Hope could rise again for a splendid recrushing. Doubt reveled in nothing more than destroying Hope. And Hope, being immortal, lived out its days with blithe indifference to its regular obliteration. Neither cared at all about the suffering they caused: Doubt because it enjoyed suffering; Hope because it was too stupid to recognize it.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|Grover wore his fake feet and his pants to pass as human. He wore a green rasta-style cap, because when it rained his curly hair flattened and you could just see the tips of his horns. His bright orange backpack was full of scrap metal and apples to snack on. In his pocket was a set of reed pipes his daddy goat had carved for him, even though he only knew two songs: Mozart's Piano Concerto no. 12 and Hilary Duff's "So Yesterday," both of which sounded pretty bad on reed pipes.
Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things|At least not until the Terror took hold of him. Not until he saw, night after night, a little boat being rowed across the river. Not until he saw it return at dawn. Not until he saw what his Untouchable son had touched. More than touched.Enter.Loved.
Robert Hughes, The Shock of the New|In one sense, (Duchamp's) “The Large Glass” is a glimpse into Hell; a peculiarly modernist Hell of repetition and loneliness.
Munia Khan|We cannot prepare our fate, but we can stir it up.
E.M. Forster, Howards End|I can only do what's easy. I can only entice and be enticed. I can't, and won't, attempt difficult relations. If I marry it will either be a man who's strong enough to boss me or whom I'm strong enough to boss. So I shan't ever marry, for there aren't such men. And Heaven help any one whom I do marry, for I shall certainly run away from him before you can say 'Jack Robinson.
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|Then you don't know. You can't know what it feels like to meet a person and suddenly know without a doubt that the whole purpose of your life so far-every choice you made, every twist of fate along the way-was just a journey to get you to that person. My life started when I met Clea. Every minute without her is just killing time until we can be together again.
Ellen G. White|There must be something solemn, serious, and tender about any attitude which we denominate religious. If glad, it must not grin or snicker; if sad, it must not scream or curse.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|When your own success shocks you, you fail to sustain it and it becomes a curse instead of a blessing. Think through issues and make considerations before you encounter the real situation. Companies invest billions in research and development, including models and simulations to increase chances of success – all in an attempt to make success deliberate for a particular project.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Man has 2 common problems with God: the one is that there is evil in the world; the other is that free will is limited. The one, he is charging that the world is too evil; the other is that it is not evil enough.
Lettie B. Cowman|One of the hardest things you will ever have to go through is the death of a child. The second hardest thing you will ever have to go through is having a child die at Christmas time. The third hardest thing you will ever have to go through is telling your child that their friend and family member has passed away. The bittersweet moment that pulls you through it all is when your child says, "Mom don't cry. They're okay because they are with God now and they promise not to leave until they help you get through this.
Magnus Larsson|I do believe architecture, and all art, should be content-driven. It should have something to say beyond the sensational.
Henna Sohail|The moment you learn the lesson, the test will be over.
Christian Rudder|Spend Night with Lonely Married Women is pleasure Moments of the life.Life for Fun, not waste it.Being Human and do social responsibilities
Thomas Pynchon, Gravity's Rainbow|It's true,' Vanya now, 'look at the forms of capitalist expression. Pornographies: pornographies of love, erotic love, Christian love, boy-and-his-dog, pornographies of sunsets, pornographies of killing, and pornographies of deduction--ahh, that sigh when we guess the murderer--all these novels, these films and songs they lull us with, they're approaches more comfortable and less so, to that Absolute Comfort.' A pause to allow Rudi a quick and sour grin. 'The self-induced orgasm.
Alejandro Zambra|Come on,"he meowed to Greystripe."Let's go home.
Elizabeth Gaskell, Ruth|The temptation is too strong for me. Oh, Lord! where is Thy peace that I believed in, in my childhood? – that I hear people speaking of now, as if it hushed up the troubles of life, and had not to be sought for – sought for, as with tears of blood! [-Jemima, chapter 26, pg. 275]
lbid|Their's not to make reply,Their's not to reason why,Their's but to do and die.
William Dunbar|This life that has been given to us as a gift, as such a precious gift. To really try to understand it, really try to recognize it, is the greatest meditation. Through the media of this Knowledge we can tap into our inner sources that are so beautiful.
Pete Townshend|The Who got paid 4000 pounds during those days, but we always smashed our equipment that cost more than 5000 pounds.
The Script|Policeman says, "Son you can't stay here"I said, "There's someone I'm waiting for if it's a day, a month, a year"Gotta stand my ground even if it rains or snowsIf she changes her mind this is the first place she will go
Vince Clarke|Our traditions have been waking up on Christmas morning and feasting on a southern breakfast. I'm from the South. We eat grits and biscuits and gravy and eggs with Ritz crackers and country ham, bacon, you name it.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|More than one thing is never true. People love to say the opposite, love to talk about inner conflict, nuances, levels of complication. But if this last year has taught her anything, it has taught her that people are clearer on what they want than they admit to themselves. They want something, or they don’t. They decide to keep working at a relationship or they give up. They love someone or they love someone else. And if they love someone else, it is often the idea that they love most, especially when they haven’t learned enough to figure out that this new person probably won’t save them either.
Erin M. Straza, Comfort Detox: Finding Freedom from Habits That Bind You|We need to retrain our brains, our hearts, and our wills to seek a comfort that truly satisfies.
Andrew Dalby, Language in Danger: The Loss of Linguistic Diversity and the Threat to Our Future|Difficult for actors to extemporise in nineteenth-century English. Except for Robert Hardy and Elizabeth Spriggs, who speak that way anyway.
Alan Dean Foster, Aliens|It illuminated a vision Dante could not have imagined in his wildest nightmares, nor Poe in the grasp of an uncontrollable delirium.
Alan Alda, Things I Overheard While Talking to Myself|Karma, simply put, is an action for an action ... good or bad.
Shaun David Hutchinson, We Are the Ants|Can I ask you something?" you said. "How did you ever survive that scandal?"She said, "I refused to be shamed.""How did you do that?" you asked. "When they came at me, I kept coming," she said.
John Leonard|Radio is the art form of sports casting. If you're any good, you can do a great job on radio.
Michael J. Fox|I think that short films often contain an originality, a creative freedom, an energy and an invention that is inspiring and entertaining. I think they are, as Shakespeare put it, a good deed in a naughty world.
Debasish Mridha|A baby is a beautiful, blooming, flower that can smile, sing, and dance.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn|Religion is everywhere. There are no human societies without it, whether they acknowledge it as a religion or not.
Dennis Franz|I'm not a fan of musicals at all, but I do think 'The Nightmare Before Christmas' is a very good. I always thought 'Walk the Line' was very good, too.
Steven Millhauser, Dangerous Laughter|I had thought that words were instruments of precision. Now I know that they devour the world, leaving nothing in its place.
Brad Hewitt|Surplus [Money Mindset]: Feeling grateful and ready to share Members of the surplus group believe they have more than enough. They don’t constantly long for more. They display a high level of contentment even if their lifestyle is average — or below. Their purchases match their needs, not their income. And because they feel grateful, they are ready to share. Most joyfully give away more than 10 percent of their gross income.
Debasish Mridha|I may not know you, but I don’t see any difference between you and me. I see myself in you; we are one.
Maggie Nelson, Bluets|This is generous, for to be close to her pain has always felt like a privilege to me, even though pain could be defined as that which we typically aim to avoid.
Steven Aitchison|For Magic to happen in our lives, we need to be open minded about magical things happening
John Flanagan, The Kings of Clonmel|Uphill? There's nothing up the hill," Colly said, trying desperately to work out where this conversation was going."As a matter of fact, there is. There's a bluff about twelve meters high, with a river running below it. The water's deep, so it'll be quite safe for you to jump." In his brief glimpse of the river, Halt had noticed that the fast-flowing water cut under the bluff in a sharp curve. That should mean that the bottom had been scoured out over the years. A thought struck him. "You can swim, I assume?""Yes. I can swim," Colly said. "But I'm going jumping off some bluff just because you say to!""No, no. Of course not. That'd be asking far too much of you. You'll jump off because if you don't, I'll shoot you. It'll be the same effect, really. If I have to shoot you, you'll fall off. But I thought I'd give you a chance to survive." Halt paused, then added, "Oh, and if you decide to run downhill, I'll also shoot you with an arrow. Uphill and off is really your only chance of survival.""You can't be serious!" Colly said. "Do you really-"But he got no further. Halt leaned forward, putting a hand up to stop the outburst."Colly, take a good, long look into my eyes and tell me if you see anything, anything at all, that says I'm not deadly serious."His eyes were deep brown, almost black. They were steady and unwavering and there was no sign of anything there but utter determination. Colly looked at them and after a few second, his eyes dropped away. halt nodded as the other man's gaze slid away from his."Good. Now we've got that settled, you should try to get some sleep. You have a big day ahead of you tomorrow.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The Art of Power|The next-to-last sentence that the Buddha is reported to have spoken as he was dying, before his final sentence of encouragement to his community, was “Transient are all conditioned things.
Elise Kova, The Alchemists of Loom|The human race is a letdown, Ernest — a bad, bad letdown. And I’m disgusted with it. It thinks it’s progressed, but it hasn’t. It thinks it’s risen above the primeval slime, but it hasn’t. It’s wallowing in it. It’s still clinging to us, clinging to our hair and to our eyes and to our souls. We’ve invented a few things that make noises, but we haven’t invented one big thing that creates quiet. Endless, peaceful quiet. Something to pull over us like a gigantic eiderdown, something to deaden the sound of our emotional yellings and screechings and suffocate our psychological confusions.
D. L. Hughley|You know, I looked at my face in the mirror this morning, and I like being old. My face has more content and when I train in the gym now, I am not training to be strong or handsome - just better than I was yesterday. These days the race is just against myself.
F. David Peat|Common sense is not a single unique conception, identical in time and space. It is the "folklore" of philosophy, and, like folklore, it takes countless different forms. Its most fundamental character is that it is a conception which, even in the brain of one individual, is fragmentary, incoherent and inconsequential.
Susan Sontag, On Photography|All of those thousands upon thousands of photographs my father had taken. Think of them instead. Each one a record, a testament, a bulwark against forgetting, against nothingness, against death. Look, this happened. A thing happened, and now it will never un happen. Here it is in a photograph: a baby putting its tiny hand in the wrinkled palm of an octogenarian. A fox running across a woodland path and a man raising a gun to shoot it. A plane crash. A comet smeared across a morning sky. A prime minister wiping his brow. The Beatles, sitting at a cafe table on the Champs-Elysees on a cold January day in 1964, John Lennon's pale face under the brim of a fisherman's cap. all these things happened, and my father committed them to a memory that wasn't just his own, but the world's. My father's life wasn't about disappearance. His was a life that worked against it.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|When the two people who thus discover that they are on the same secret road are of different sexes, the friendship which arises between them will very easily pass – may pass in the first half hour – into erotic love. Indeed, unless they are physically repulsive to each other or unless one or both already loves elsewhere, it is almost certain to do so sooner or later. And conversely, erotic love may lead to Friendship between the lovers. But this, so far from obliterating the distinction between the two loves, puts it in a clearer light. If one who was first, in the deep and full sense, your Friend, is then gradually or suddenly revealed as also your lover you will certainly not want to share the Beloved’s erotic love with any third. But you will have no jealousy at all about sharing the Friendship. Nothing so enriches an erotic love as the discovery that the Beloved can deeply, truly and spontaneously enter into Friendship with the Friends you already had; to feel that not only are we two united by erotic love but we three or four or five are all travelers on the same quest, have all a common vision.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man|I suddenly felt that it was all the same to me whether the world existed or whether there had never been anything at all: I began to feel with all my being that there was nothing existing. At first I fancied that many things had existed in the past, but afterwards I guessed that there never had been anything in the past either, but that it had only seemed so for some reason. Little by little I guessed that there would be nothing in the future either. Then I left off being angry with people and almost ceased to notice them. Indeed this showed itself even in the pettiest trifles: I used, for instance, to knock against people in the street. And not so much from being lost in thought: what had I to think about? I had almost given up thinking by that time; nothing mattered to me. If at least I had solved my problems! Oh, I had not settled one of them, and how many there were! But I gave up caring about anything, and all the problems disappeared.
Elizabeth  George|An author needs a lot more than one person to succumb to his literary seductive charms, but, like Saul, he must realize that he doesn't have to--and indeed cannot--capture the hearts of every possible reader out there. No matter who the writer, his ideal intended audience is only a small faction of all the living readers. Name the most widely read authors you can think of--from Shakespeare, Austen, and Dickens to Robert Waller, Stephen King, and J.K. Rowling--and the immense majority of book-buyers out there actively decline to read them.
Sándor Márai, La mujer justa|You only benefit from books if you can give something back to them. What I mean is, if you approach them in the spirit of a duel, so you can both wound and be wounded, so you are willing to argue, to overcome and be overcome, and grow richer by what you have learned, not only in the book, but in life, or by being able to make something of your work.
Thomas Hobbes|One of the greatest discoveries a man makes, one of his great surprises, is to find he can do what he was afraid he couldn't do.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|When you can't find someone to follow, find a way to lead by example.
Greg Mottola|Dachshunds are ideal dogs for small children, as they are already stretched and pulled to such a length that the child cannot do much harm one way or the other.
Nora Roberts, Bay of Sighs|It was an unforgettable painting; it set a dense golden halo of light round the most trivial of moments, so that the moment, and all such moments, could never be completely trivial again.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The greater the fruit a trees bears, the greater the number of stones thrown at it.
Nick Cave, The Sick Bag Song|Memory is imagined; it is not real. Don't be ashamed of its need to create; it is the loveliest part of your heart. Myth is the true history. Don't let them tell you that there are no monsters. Don't let them make you feel stupid, just because you are happy to play down in the dark with your flashlight. The mystical world depends on you and your tolerance for the absurd. Be strong, my darling ones, and believe!
Matthew B. Crawford, Shop Class as Soulcraft: An Inquiry Into the Value of Work|What we have before us then, is three distinct purposes for a university: the commercial purpose (starting a career), Stephen Pinker’s cognitive purpose (acquiring information and learning how to think) and (William) Deresiewicz’s moral purpose (building an integrated self).
Ellen Key|I have my moments. Ever since I was a boy, I never was someone who was at ease with happiness. Too often I embrace introspection and self-doubt. I wish I could embrace the good things.
Soren Kierkegaard|When I admire the wonders of a sunset or the beauty of the moon, my soul expands in the worship of the creator.
Ezra Taft Benson|Style can change your look, certainly, but it can also change your life.
Orson Scott Card, Shadow Puppets|It will hurt." said Petra. "But let's make the most of what we have, and not let future pain ruin present happiness.
Jemima Khan|When we shift our perception, our experience changes.
Edmund de Waal, The White Road: Journey into an Obsession|There is no straight road to finding yourself, to making something.
Ilaxi Patel, Guardian of Angels: A Practical Guide to Joyful Parenting|Children close their ears to Advice but Open their eyes to example.Even New Genx Moms close their ears to Advice but Open their eyes to realize their mistakes eventually. Think, Act Wise before it's Late.
Shimon Peres|I would like to see anyone be able to achieve their dreams, and that's what this organization does.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|In most cases, failure is not determined by the obstacles we face, but by how we approach them and what our perceptions whisper to when on encountering eventualities.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|If you're determined to stand, nothing can move you. If you're determined to move, nothing can stop you. Determination is the key!
Jim Butcher, Cursor's Fury|You beg fate to make your fears into reality, Aleran. But for the moment, they are only fears. They may come. If so, then face them and overcome them. Until then, pay them no mind. You have enough to think on.
Naomi Novik, Blood of Tyrants|I am of the opinion", Tharkay said, "that you ought not assign to free will something more likely the consequence of a sharp blow to the skull.
Debasish Mridha|To find beauty, look above the boundaries of conformity.
Kimberly Derting, The Essence| In the privacy of my dreams, I'm a warrior.
Jim Wallis|You change society by changing the wind. Change the wind, transform the debate, recast the discussion, alter the context in which political discussions are being made, and you will change the outcomes... You will be surprised at how fast the politicians adjust to the change in the wind.
Jennifer Aniston|There may be people in my audience who may not agree with me on some particular issue - you know, say, as a gun owner, they may not agree with me, or, you know, someone may not agree with me on a gay marriage topic. Any of those things. But those shouldn't be the reasons you listen to my music.
Anthony Weiner|You need to find somebody who will speak the same language. We understand that we couldn't have any kind of discussion without permission, without a legal framework behind it.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|Mr. D," Grover asked timidly, "if you're not going to eat it, could I have your Diet Coke can?
Joseph P. Kennedy|Growing up in eastern Turkey, I was not really involved with the family business - sheep and cow farming, yogurt and cheese making. But I think I learned from my father the unspoken business language or instincts that go back thousands of years.
Juan Williams|It took me realizing that a broken heart has never actually killed anyone to find the courage to ask for what I want, in just about every situation. That was part of my own growing up.
Greg Mortenson, Stones Into Schools: Promoting Peace With Books, Not Bombs, in Afghanistan and Pakistan|Because most of the girls were still in mourning and all of them had lost their textbooks, even pencils and pens, Shaukat Ali began the first classes by reading to them from poetry and religious texts. "Reading, literature, and spirituality are good for the soul," he told them. "So we will start with these studies.
Anna Akhmatova, The Complete Poems of Anna Akhmatova|A curt voice echoed in Nathaniel’s head, "Prep for impact. This is going to hurt.
Pushkar Saraf|If you run a business, you know that every moment 365*24*7 people want to F*** with your business.
M.F.K. Fisher, How to Cook a Wolf|You may feel that you have eaten too much...But this pastry is likefeathers - it is like snow. It is in fact good for you, a digestive!
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|If you work by faith and not by sight, you will always see a sign. You have to develop a space of comfort to know that there is a difference between signs and sounds, it means God will tell you that He will make a change in your life but He won't show you anything to demonstrate the change for a little while because He doesn't want your faith to be in the change; He wants your faith to be in the promise, so that when the change is a bit slow in coming, you will know how to trust in Him while you wait for it to come to pass.
Anthony Kiedis, Scar Tissue|When you start putting pen to paper, you see a side of your personal truth that doesn't otherwise reveal itself in conversation or thought.
Caryl Phillips, Higher Ground|The “pursuit of happiness” is such a key element of the “American (ideological) dream” that one tends to forget the contingent origin of this phrase: “We holds these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.” Where did the somewhat awkward “pursuit of happiness” come from in this famous opening passage of the US Declaration of Independence? The origin of it is John Locke, who claimed that all men had the natural rights of life, liberty, and property— the latter was replaced by “the pursuit of happiness” during negotiations of the drafting of the Declaration, as a way to negate the black slaves’ right to property.
Richard Tillotson, Acts of God While on Vacation|They say a picture is worth a thousand words, but a word is worth a million pictures. A billion. As many as there are people who know the word. Each has their own picture, their own meaning of it, in their heads. It's theirs. It's unique. And yet they share it with everyone else. And every time they use a word, a single word, they contribute to the creation of the soul of us all.
Debasish Mridha|Friends are like books, you learn from every one of them.
Donald Windham|...it's merely writing, but you have to adjust your ear – I speak quietly – I sob – I whisper...
Suze Orman|Banks were once places to hold money and were very careful in lending to finance families as they built a future - bought homes, bought cars, took out student loans.
Ann Landers|Love myself I do. Not everything, but I love the good as well as the bad. I love my crazy lifestyle, and I love my hard discipline. I love my freedom of speech and the way my eyes get dark when I'm tired. I love that I have learned to trust people with my heart, even if it will get broken. I am proud of everything that I am and will become.
Shayne Y.|People are going to be upset in life no matter what we do, Bexley. Might as well go big or go home. (Jude)
Jason Aldean|I suffered from post-natal depression after Rowan was born. I had a healthy, beautiful baby girl and I couldn't look at her. I couldn't hold her, smile at her. All I wanted was to disappear and die.
Steve Maraboli|Create an environment that is conducive to your emotional and personal growth. Surround yourself with caring and positive people who support you, and reflect who you want to be.
J.Y. Tacheva, How We Fall in Love: The Tale Scheherazade Didn't Tell|Her neck - a swan’s neck, gracious and gentle, her breasts - two mountainous guardians over the valley of her generous heart.
Samuel Wilson|We all recognize that in recent decades, many important achievements have helped create a cleaner, healthier environment, yet our national needs in environmental health are not being fully met.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|When we fight upstream against a rocky undercurrent, every foothold takes on a kind of urgency.
Sherwood Smith, Court Duel|I've been working hard at assuming Court polish, but the more I learn about what really goes on behind the pretty voices and waving fans and graceful bows, the more I comprehend that what is really said matters little, so long as the manner in which it is said pleases. I understand it, but I don't like it. Were I truly influential, then I would halt this foolishness that decrees that in Court one cannot be sick; that to admit you are sick is really to admit to political or social or romantic defeat; that to admit to any emotions usually means one really feels the opposite. It is a terrible kind of falsehood that people can only claim feelings as a kind of social weapon.
Eileen Anglin|I recognized no obstacle to miraculous change but the incredulity of others. This was an idea that died hard, if it ever really died at all.
John Wilmot|Before I got married I had six theories about raising children; now, I have six children and no theories.
Margaret Atwood, Der blinde Mörder|Human speech is like a cracked kettle on which we tap crude rhythms for bears to dance to, while we long to make music that will melt the stars.
Thomas Merton|The Artist," an ancient sage had once said, "is always sitting on the doorsteps of the rich.
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|You don’t need to be a psychologist to manage change, but you need to understand psychological emotions behind changes.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Blessed are the mendacious, for they shall grow wealthy beyond their wildest dreams.
Patrick Ness, The Knife of Never Letting Go|That's just like the manual says,' said Witherwax. "If we want to have international brotherhood, we gotta get a language that everybody understands all the time.''You mean with no homonyms?' said Doc Brenner.Mr. Gross belched again, and held up two fingers to indicate another Boilermaker. 'Are you saying that the language a fella speaks can make a fairy of him?' ("Gin Comes In Bottles")
Angela Davis|I must not write a word to you about politics, because you are a woman.
Richard Llewellyn, How Green Was My Valley|I love people who choose to surprise the sad ones, Just to make them smile!
Carla H. Krueger|Men all pay homage to what understanding understands, but no one understands enough to rely upon what understanding does not understand and thereby come to understand.
Andre Dubus III|Before I became a suspense novelist, I wrote romantic suspense as Alicia Scott.
Tom Moon, 1,000 Recordings to Hear Before You Die|The more you love music, the more music you love.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|In the beginning of our love lives, it is the beastly instinct of sexual attraction that drives us all. The butterflies in your stomach simply signal your mind that the person in front of you would make a fantastic mate to make babies with. Without this primeval drive, you won’t ever fall for anyone in your entire lifetime. The very attraction you feel towards a person in a romantic way, is a mental manifestation of a subconscious desire to mate with that person.
Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose|Your Real Self is the permanent atom of your identity, the rock of ages that remains unmoved by the restless tides of life.
Alice Munro, Lives of Girls and Women|It had a sort of a head on it, like a mushroom, and its color was reddish purple. It looked blunt and stupid, compared, say, to fingers and toes with their intelligent expressiveness, or even to an elbow or a knee.
Kathryn Stockett|they say it's like true love, good help. you only get one in a lifetime.....there is so much you don't know about a person. i wonder if i could've made her days a little bit easier, if I'd tried. if i'd treated her a little nicer.....
Mark Frost|The art of dancing stands at the source of all the arts that express themselves first in the human person. The art of building, or architecture, is the beginning of all the arts that lie outside the person; and in the end they unite.
Janelle Gray, Echoes of the Struggle|Our history, America’s history, has been so heavily edited. In history classes, we don’t really go into full discussions about the past. People, struggles, and triumphs have been erased. As a result, we now have a generation, my generation, of people who are intelligent but ignorant of and blind to the truth.
Elizabeth Goudge, A City of Bells|The story hangs in the night air between them. It is very latem, and if father or daugther stepped to the window, tehyw ould see the Suktara, star of the impending dawn, hanging low in the sky. But they keep sitting at the table, each thinking of the story differently, as teller and listener always must. In the mind of each, different images swirl up and fall away, and each holds on to a different part of the story, thinking it the most important. And if each were to speak what it meant, they would say things so different you would not know it wa sthe same story they were speaking of.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|We are not poor because we do not have money, we are poor because we do not know how to make money.
Marty Rubin|We're all drowning, but don't say it out loud.
C.Michelle Gonzalez, A Journey in to Divine Love: Live, Laugh, Love, Meditate|When there is nothing left to give somone in need, we give them what we do have. We give them Divine Love, faith, and friendship. This is always enough to see anyone through anything. This, my friends, is how we save the world. (pg.99 of A Journey In to Divine Love)
Michael Prager, Fat Boy Thin Man|For if one is partly insane, one is also, juridically, partly sane, and if one is partly sane one is at least partly responsible for one's actions, and if one is partly responsible one is wholly responsible; for responsibility is, as they say, that state in which the individual has the power to devote himself to a specific purpose of his own free will, independently of any compelling necessity, and one cannot simultaneously possess and lack such self-determination.
Jacques Lacan, The Seminar of Jacques Lacan: The Four Fundamental Concepts of Psychoanalysis|The problem Creationists identify is with the word 'theory', not with the case for evolution
Taleeb|Whatever you believe, with feeling,becomes your reality.
Sarah J. Maas, The Assassin and the Healer|. . .and he has nevergiven up his conviction that if you just try all the doors one of them is bound to be the Door intoSummer. You know, I think he is right.
Mahima Martel, The Insurrectionist|An act of terrorismis not an ideology,nor religion.It is the lack of hope,of opportunityand of love.When there is no recourse,no other waythere is only insurrection.Understanding, compassionand respect for all lifeis what will save us all.
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|She waits for his reprimand or words of disapproval.He kisses her instead. Hard. Lips demanding, fingers tightening on her chin. He consumes her with this single act.
Compton Gage|An extreme fearfulness moves through all your body, and your mind is troubled more.
Jeni Dhodary, Jesus of Suburbia|He appeared into the scene like an otherworldly being, providing no indication nor declaration. He did not even issue a warning of what his presence would entail. He may have been the wind, a caress, or a ghost, invading others' most precious convictions and still haunting mine like a ruthless despot.
Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep|We will be advancing beyond just even odds.” – Janett Lee Wawrzyniak, Secret Terror in Wavelengths – Wave Links: Inter-Dimensional
Albert Camus|Where would his torture be, indeed, if at every step the hope of succeeding upheld him?
E.L. Doctorow, World's Fair|To practice space is thus to repeat the joyful and silent experience of childhood; it is, in a place, to be other and to move toward the other...Kandinsky dreamed of: 'a great city built according to all the rules of architecture and then suddenly shaken by a force that defies all calculation.
Jenna McCarthy|All weddings, except those with shotguns in evidence, are wonderful.
Richelle Mead, The Fiery Heart|Sydney spent a lot of time on my bed these days.Unfortunately, it wasn't with me.
Domhnall Gleeson|I like to keep most of my bats. I think I have about 250 bats, including my first - which cost Rs 2000 - a gift from my dad in 1998, when I moved to the hostel.
Orhan Pamuk, My Father's Suitcase: The Nobel Lecture|We humans are the only creatures on the planet capable of articulating worlds which are contrary, even in the most minor way, to reality. Every story, I think, begins there. With a dream. A fantasy.
Susan Dennard, Something Strange and Deadly|Only one person in 1000 is a bore, and HE is interesting because he is one person in 1000.
Dan Lipinski|My disorder has been attended with several symptoms of a consumption; and I have been at times apprehensive that my great change was at hand: yet blessed be God, I have never been affrighted; but, on the contrary, at times much delighted with a view of its approach.
Neil Gaiman, Smoke and Mirrors: Short Fiction and Illusions|If you aren't in the moment, you are either looking forward to uncertainty, or back to pain and regret.
Mindy Kaling|I became very famous, as a teenager, and my name and photo were splashed in all the media. They made me larger than life, so I wanted to live larger than life, and the only way to do that was to be intoxicated.
Catherine Cookson, The Girl|Woman won't accept to be your second option, either you choose her or you lose her.
Maelle Gavet|The cry of the oppressed has entered not only into my ears, but into my soul, so that while I live, I cannot hold my peace.
Jean Faustin Louembe|I was afraid it would come to this, but I have no patience with her now. I'm jealous of every moment away from the work - impatient with any one who tries to steal my time.
Jim George, A Man After God's Own Heart|Spiritual maturity is a lifelong pursuit. We grow in spiritual maturity moment by moment, day by day, year by year.
Bertrand Russell|It is the preoccupation with possessions, more than anything else, that prevents us from living freely and nobly.
Angela Merkel|Virtues, like viruses, have their seasons of contagion. When catastrophe strikes, generosity spikes like a fever. Courage spreads in the face of tyranny.
Sarah Waters, Fingersmith|But of the seven deadly sins, wrath is the healthiest - next only to lust.
Norman Ralph Augustine|Like working families all across the state, we must find a way to make government live within its means.
Auliq Ice|Where there is love, things roll.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|I finally did sleep for a little while, only it was like the difference between Pringles and actual chips, like someone took sleep and then put it through a horrible industrial machine, made it into a paste, and re-formed it and baked it into a shape that was supposed to look like sleep but was not anything even close.
Patricia Robin Woodruff, Strange Tales of Floyd County, VA|What we could consider magic, may just be science that we don’t understand yet.
Roger Moore|The Chinese mom is not the helicopter mom. I would never do their homework for them. It's all about: Take responsibility, don't blame others. Be self-reliant. Never blame the teacher.
Traci L. Slatton, Immortal|Boy, the solid things you can hold in your hands are never all you've got. They're the least of what belong to you. The qualities inside you, those are what you've really got to defend yourself with.
Darlene Love|What makes me really happy is a walk in the English countryside. A nice sunset, that British countryside - it means I'm home.
Susan Cheever, Drinking in America: Our Secret History|Love is like liquor. In love, u feel high as u feel when you drink too much alcohol. It stays in your head for some time, making u tipsy n turvy and disconnected with everything. But just like it's effect fades away slowly and slowly, aching your every nerve so does the after effects of falling out of love. No drug can soothe it away.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Everybody finished the song at different times. At last, only the Weasley twins were left singing along to a very slow funeral march.
C. JoyBell C.|Keep it always with you that laughter who knock at your door and say, 'May I come in?' is not true laughter. No! He is a king, and he come when and how he like. He ask no person, he choose no time of suitability. He say, 'I am here.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|I’m fighting my way into existence, and I will keep doing so until the end of time.
Apolo Ohno|We are increasingly offered a diet in which sensation, not story, is king.
Nadine Gordimer, No Time Like the Present|The message of such silence is simple: "we the people" will no longer conspire in supporting the illusions that help corrupt leaders maintain control. By withholding our cheers and falling into silence, we take a small step toward withdrawing the consent that helps maintain abusive power. We no longer affirm, or pretend to affirm, that the national flags and religious symbols in which corrupt leaders wrap themselves have any meaning -- except as an implicit judgment on the duplicity of those leaders.
J.L. McCoy, Sins of the Father|Dear God, that man has a magnificent body.' ............. 'It’s like having a cupcake thrust in front of your face and not being allowed to have a lick of the icing.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Those who laugh with you when you laugh are acquaintances, those who cry with you when you cry are companions, and those who do both are friends.
Ocieanna Fleiss, Love Finds You in Glacier Bay, Alaska|If anyone can be trusted, it's the Savior. He's always true, always faithful, loving, kind, right. ... He never left me then, but stayed firm and strong, like a rock. I learned—even though it's tough sometimes—my Father knows best.
Steve Maraboli|If not for tragedy, tyrants, and injustice, there would be nothing to awaken and inspire dormant heroes. There is always a balance. Always.
Joss Whedon|London Fashion Week isn't the most organised, but I don't mind that. It's such an exciting place - it's small and cool.
Masashi Kishimoto|Sorry I'm late, I'm afraid I got lost on the path of life-Kakashi Sensei
John Fowles, The Magus|A mixture, before the English, of irritation and bafflement, of having this same language, same past, so many same things, and yet not belonging to them any more. Being worse than rootless... speciesless.
Tiffany Madison|Political corruption, social greed, and Americanized quasi-socialism can ruin even the most wonderful places. California proved that.
Gene Dunn|The true work of the martial arts is progress, not perfection
Thomas Perez|The way to be successful in the software world is to come up with breakthrough software, and so whether it's Microsoft Office or Windows, its pushing that forward. New ideas, surprising the marketplace, so good engineering and good business are one in the same.
Thomas Jefferson|The piety, the gentleness, the honesty, the sensitivity, all the qualities she has learned to admire in herself, are invitations to violence; all her life, she has been groomed for the slaughterhouse. And though she is virtuous, she does not know how to do good.
Bill Burr|Congratulations, you have a sense of humor. And to those who didn't: Go stick your head in the mud.
Israelmore Ayivor, You Can Rise|If you aim upward, you will at shoot higher things (future prospects). If you aim downwards, you may shoot your feet (foundation).
Scarlett Avery|Ryder had her laptop. He had access to all of her saved porn. All of it. And there was a lot. Like, more than there reasonably should be.
Tiffany Madison|The popular image [in England] of Bonaparte as a blood-stained tyrant and bandit was admittedly exaggerated, but instinct told even the most radical among the English that if liberty, equality, and justice were ever to come to their shores, it certainly was not Napoleon who would bring them there.
Robert David Steele, The Open-Source Everything Manifesto: Transparency, Truth, and Trust|As our technological capacities continue to increase and our environment becomes ever more fragile and endangered, we find that changes to the Earth that used to take ten thousand years now take a fraction of that.
Amy Leigh Mercree|Create your best life with your consciously chosen thoughts, words, and actions.
Olga Núñez Miret, Memory|Madmen, criminals, and rapists! Isn’t it fantastic? All the romantic proposals I’ve ever got from anybody. Somebody up there has an extremely dark sense of humour.
Billy Childish|Another night, I dreamed I saw my father sweeping out the barn floor clean, and would not suffer the wheat to be brought in the barn. He appeared to me to be in anger.
Sophia Amoruso, #GIRLBOSS|When I put on makeup, I'm not doing it to pander to antiquated patriarchal ideas of feminine beauty. I'm doing it because it makes me feel good.
Joe Paterno|There are many people, particularly in sports, who think that success and excellence are the same thing. They are not the same thing. Excellence is something that is lasting and dependable and largely within a person's control. In contrast, success is perishable and is often outside our control. If you strive for excellence, you will probably be successful eventually. People who put excellence in the first place have the patience to end up with success. An additional burden for the victim of the success mentality is that he is threatened by the success of others and he resents real excellence. In contrast, the person that is fascinated by quality is excited when he sees it in others.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Big Magic: Creative Living Beyond Fear|I haven't forgottenThat I have to grow upAnd someday live withoutYour voice, your opinion--Making my own decisions.
Virchand Gandhi|This is my country, that is your country; these are the conceptions of narrow souls - to the liberal minded the whole world is a family.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|We make our own monsters, then fear them for what they show us about ourselves.
John  Williams, Stoner|The real moments that changed the world are when church members miss the meaning of a whole sermon, and take no accountability for the testimonies they damage, by being self-righteous.
Samuel R. Delany|All life is a rhythm,” she said as I sat up. “All death is a rhythm suspended, a syncopation before liferesumes.
Shinji Moon, The Anatomy of Being|I hate seeing poetry in everything I touch. I hate that I can no longer love you without turning you into a metaphor - that it can never be simple as looking at you and saying yes, yes, yes.
Nelson Mandela|There're three reasonspeople get away from here:gone good, gone bad orgone dead.
Thomas Ligotti, The Conspiracy Against the Human Race|We are aberrations—beings born undead, neither one thing nor another, or two things at once … uncanny things that have nothing to do with the rest of creation, horrors that poison the world by sowing our madness everywhere we go, glutting daylight and darkness with incorporeal obscenities. From across an immeasurable divide, we brought the supernatural into all that is manifest. Like a faint haze it floats around us. We keep company with ghosts. Their graves are marked in our minds, and they will never be disinterred from the cemeteries of our remembrance. Our heartbeats are numbered, our steps counted. Even as we survive and reproduce, we know ourselves to be dying in a dark corner of infinity. Wherever we go, we know not what expects our arrival but only that it is there.
P.S. Baber, Cassie Draws the Universe|We do not choose our fate, we can only choose if we accept it. Fate will take us where it will, whether we will it or not.” (Sister Mira)
Dixie Waters|A kiss is just a kiss, were words not expressed by a man tied naked to a tree.
Quentin Crisp|Nothing in our culture, not even home computers, is more overrated than the epidermal felicity of two featherless bipeds in desperate congress.
Horace|What I know and I have learn is my books I can't tell you, but search out there and you will find. As a second think as you was here, you will be here and you are going to be here!
Madeline Miller, The Song of Achilles|In the darkness, two shadows, reaching through the hopeless, heavy dusk. Their hands meet, and light spills in a flood like a hundred golden urns pouring out of the sun.
Terryl L. Givens, The God Who Weeps: How Mormonism Makes Sense of Life|We cannot separate doubt from deception. Doubt robs a man of his confidence; it is a fearful thing. Offer him deception to restore that confidence and he will embrace the falsehood for the comfort it brings. If you would deceive, begin with doubt.
V.J. Campilan, All My Lonely Islands|If we want a miracle, we’ve got to surrender all our faith.
|In order to become all that you positively desire to be, you must promise yourself to consistently work harder and smarter than ever.
Maya Angelou, I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings|Never get your sense of worth from outside yourself. Never fall into the trap of thinking that who you are is not enough and that you need other people’s approval, love and validation in order to feel that you’re of value. Never allow external things, places, people and circumstances to determine or tell you how much you’re worth. It’s called self-worth, not others’ worth.
Paul Ryan|I never get bored talking about themes dealing with ambition, leadership and what it means to be an American. I love that stuff. I just love it. I've loved it ever since I was on 'The West Wing.'
Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life|You want to avoid at all costs drawing your characters on those that already exist in other works of fiction. You must learn about people from people, not from what you read. Your reading should confirm what you’ve observed in the world.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|What steps can you take to prepare before meeting others to ensure that when you do show up, you are bringing your very best to the table?
Carla L. Rueckert, Living the Law of One 101: The Choice|The thing to hold on to in forgiving is that most often the people who are hurting us do not know what they are doing. In fact it is fair to say that none of us knows the impact of our actions in relationships, at least for a lot of the time. We are all unaware of our power to hurt and to heal.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|Every widow wakes one morning, perhaps after years of pure and unwavering grieving, to realize she slept a good night's sleep, and will be able to eat breakfast, and doesn't hear her husband's ghost all the time, but only some of the time. Her grief is replaced with a useful sadness. Every parent who loses a child finds a way to laugh again. The timbre begins to fade. The edge dulls. The hurt lessens. Every love is carved from loss. Mine was. Yours is. Your great-great-great-grandchildren's will be. But we learn to live in that love.
Kloby|Time...give us enough time and our best-supported decisions will seem wobbly, our certainties whimsical.
H. G. Bissinger|Freedom begins with what we teach our children. That is why Jews became a people whose passion is education, whose heroes are teachers and whose citadels are schools.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|As our society has become more casual, the line between a person’s personal life and professional life has become blurred, especially with the advent of social media. Personal information, your manners (or lack thereof), opinions, and pictures of your private life are available for all the world to see. HR directors, recruiters, and potential employers will often ascertain a person’s manners and moral compass from their online presence.
Manos Abou Chabke|If the truth gets in the way, I will remove it. But truth be told, removing the truth never removes the truth.
Ren Warom, Escapology|She's always scorned his squeamishness, citing the replacement of his vagina with a dick. Joon thinks that's invasion of a far more nail-biting nature. She has no idea. It was fucking heaven. He'd do it again a million times over. And it's one hell of a long way from chopping open your head for the sake of more tech.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|Opinions are many, but there is only one truth. Don’t get lost in opinions.
Matt Mullenweg|When you see a tumour in the brain, it's an ugly looking thing. It's kind of black, grisly and messy. Or it can be white. To see it taken away is just amazing.
August Westman, Dance Into the Dark|A familiar pang of dread wrapped its icy hand around my heart." Lorelei Preston-The Wild Hunt
Regillio Hardjopawiro|A minor request," said Mazer. "Let's not refer to it as the training cage. 'Training' sounds laborious and regimented. Soldiers groan at the word. These men joined the IF to fight, sir. Let's call it the Battle Room.
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club|Life and death are of supreme importance. Time swiftly passes by and opportunity is lost. Each of us should strive to awaken. Awaken! Take heed, do not squander your life.
Anna M. Aquino, Cursing the Church or Helping it?: Exposing the Spirit of Balaam|We used to live in a society where if we saw one person struggling in our boat, we'd all stop what we were doing and help that person. We'd all work together as a team. In today's world, we see that person struggling in the boat, feel glad it's not us, and pick them up and throw them in the water. We just don't really care about each other anymore.
Kristina McMorris, Letters From Home|It’s odd, isn’t it? People die every day and the world goes on like nothing happened. But when it’s a person you love, you think everyone should stop and take notice. That they ought to cry and light candles and tell you that you’re not alone.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|It is not the time that a person has lived that determines maturity, but what he does during that time.
J.D. Robb, Imitation in Death|You've got no sense of humor.""I'm going to laugh really hard after I kick your ass.
Derek Landy, Last Stand of Dead Men|If you want to be educated and wise, you must open your heart, expand your mind, be accepting and ready to change.
Jessica Shirvington, Enticed|A young woman asked the great preacher Charles Spurgeon if it was possible to reconcile God’s sovereignty and man’s responsibility. “Young woman,” said he. “You don’t reconcile friends
Sarah  Curtis, Engaging|Ran into him?  Are you not together?"Cassie shook her head.  "No."Gage contradicted her by saying, "We are.  We're getting married."Cassie leaned into him and hissed.  "Would you stop telling people that."  She turned back to Sam and gave her a smile.  "We're not getting married."Gage used Cassie's hair to tip her head back again.  He leaned over, giving her another kiss before saying, "Sunshine, we are."Cassie yanked her hair out of his fist and took a step away from him.  "Honey limpkins," she said, sarcastically, "we are not.
Auliq Ice|Progress is made by walking down the path, more progress is made, by walking down the right path.
Akshay Vasu|She was someone's dream, who just chose to show up in someone else's sleep.
Richard Paul Evans, The Four Doors|Perhaps the most impressive illustration of all is to suppose that you could label the molecules in a tumbler of water. ... threw it anywhere you please on the earth, and went away from the earth for a few million years while all the water on the earth, the oceans, rivers, lakes and clouds had had time to mix up perfectly. Now supposing that perfect mixing had taken place, you come back to earth and draw a similar tumbler of water from the nearest tap, how many of those marked molecules would you expect to find in it? Well, the answer is 2000. There are 2000 times more molecules in a tumbler of water than there are tumblers of water in the whole earth.
Mary Ann Shaffer, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society|Then I imagined a lifetime of having to cry to get him to be kind, and I went back to no again.
Michael Bassey Johnson, Classic Quotations From The Otherworlds|No matter the joy in heaven, its coldness will make you bask beside the flames of hell.
Larry Wall|You can never draw enough or read enough - reading about architecture, in other words.
Piper Kerman, Orange Is the New Black|She gave him a strange maternal grin.For the first time, clearly, the thought surfaced in Paul Sheldon’s mind: I am introuble here. This woman is not right.
Samuel Johnson|With patient and firm determination, I am going to press on for jobs. I'm going to press on for equality. I'm going to press on for the sake of our children. I'm going to press on for the sake of all those families who are struggling right now. I don't have time to feel sorry for myself. I don't have time to complain. I am going to press on.
Paul Muldoon|Breathe-in experience, breathe-out poetry.
Robert Penn Warren, The Legacy of the Civil War|That old unionism was, however, very different from the kind we live with now. We do not live with an ideal, sometimes on the defensive, of union. We live with the overriding, overwhelming fact, a fact so technologically, economically, and politically validated that we usually forget to ask how fully this fact represents a true community, the spiritually significant communion which the old romantic unionism had envisaged.
Dave Barry|Trajectories aren't linear. Life's just a roller coaster. If you're getting a chance to do cool stuff, and it's varied stuff, just enjoy it. I guess I'm a believer in the randomness of life rather than it being a linear trajectory or an arc, a consistent smooth arc, towards anything.
Emma Wildes, One Whisper Away|The most impoverished peasant can be delighted by the opening of the first spring flower, and the most wealthy aristocrat can curse the day he was born because of some petty offense to his sensibilities. She is a very wise woman. To achieve serenity we have to view life not as it is measured by the world around us but as we ourselves measure it. We must accept that the scales are not at all equal.
Eddie Vedder|I had a long talk with Bruce Springsteen on a rooftop during the Vote for Change tour (in 2004). And it boiled down to this: That guy you used to be, he’s still in the car. He’ll always be in the car. Just don’t let him drive. He might be shouting out directions. But whatever you do, don’t let him get behind the wheel.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The ability to experience bliss requires the gift of attentive awareness, curiosity, and constant learning. We are ultimately the product of what we want – our personal obsessions – and how we think. Thoughts merge into feelings that determine if we are happy or sad. Feelings can manifest into thoughts that drive our ambitions and guide our personal actions, which enable us to live an intensified life.
Suzanne O'Sullivan, It's All in Your Head: True Stories of Imaginary Illness|If I’ve learned anything, it's that we know next to nothing. Disease is a mystery. Health is inscrutable. The body itself is scarcely understood; we can only examine the secrets of the dead. And in all that dark ignorance, we're sometimes granted a rare moment of illumination. The truth is a gift.
George Muller|There are two books that I often travel with; one is 'The Theory on Moral Sentiments' by Adam Smith. The other is 'The Meditations.' It's not that I agree with either views expressed in the books, but I believe ideas and thoughts of older generations can offer food for thought for the current generation.
James Robertson, The Professor of Truth|I stood staring to heaven and nothing came from there, no mercy or redemption. Whatever had come had come already and it was not sent by God. I stood, arms outstretched and empty, like a man praying but I was not praying, I was crying, because it had come to this and I had come to this place, and they were not with me... they were gone for ever.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Most beautiful of all was the tarnished gold of the elms, with a little brown in it, a little bronze, a little blue, even-- a blue like amethyst, which made them melt into the azure haze with a kind of happiness, a harmony of mood that filled the air with content.
Joanne Harris, Five Quarters of the Orange|People grieve in different ways, some silently, some in anger, some in spite. Rarely does grief bring out the best in people, despite what local historians like to tell you.
Lauren F. Winner, Girl Meets God|The idea of seeking help in her difficulty in religion was as remote from her as seeking help from Alexey Alexandrovitch himself, although she had never had doubts of the faith in which she had been brought up. She knew that the support of religion was possible only upon condition of renouncing what made up for her the whole meaning of life. She was not simply miserable, she began to feel alarm at the new spiritual condition, never experienced before, in which she found herself. She felt as though everything were beginning to be double in her soul, just as objects sometimes appear double to over-tired eyes. She hardly knew that times what it was she feared, and what she hoped for. Whether she feared or desired what had happened, or what was going to happen and exactly what she longed for, she could not have said.
Stephan Labossiere|Positive energy is power. Use it more in your life, and see for yourself the success it creates.
Israelmore Ayivor|We are temporarily immortal, until we have fulfilled God's plans for our lives...then we become temporarily mortal, waiting to become permanently immortal at last
Allyson Felix|My diet, my regime, the whole life I have on the road has always got that little bit of stress because I'm always afraid I'm going to get a cold. And it's just such a nightmare when you got a cold or an irritation and you have to do a show.
Donna Rice|Search for beauty without features, something deeper than any signs.
James  Jones|Come meet my dog.""What's the dog's name?""Justice.""Nice touch for a judge. A dog named Justice.
Katherine Catmull, Summer and Bird|The Apollo pictures of the whole Earth conveyed to multitudes something well known to astronomers: On the scale of the worlds - to say nothing of stars or galaxies - humans are inconsequential, a thin film of life on an obscure and solitary lump of rock and metal
Ronnie Chan|In the U.S. and Canada, 50% of the young leadership of all the organizations like AIPAC and Hillel are Birthright alumni.
Terry Pratchett|I believe you find life such a problem because you think there are good people and bad people. You're wrong, of course. There are, always and only, the bad people, but some of them are on opposite sides.
Hilary Rhoda|Laughter is the best medicine - unless you're diabetic, then insulin comes pretty high on the list.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|When we prepare not our hearts for the things of God, evil things take over.
Chuck Jones|I think this is one of the greatest strengths of this school. Not only do the students go on to achieve great milestones in their own lives, they never forget their roots and the school that gave them the chance they needed to improve their lives and their families' lives.
Pope Benedict XVI, The Nature and Mission of Theology: Essays to Orient Theology in Today's Debates|Every human being is, by definition, a theologian.
Dorothy Hartley, The Land Of England: English Country Customs Through The Ages|Fame and glory belong to those who are the first to achieve things, not those who only think about it or do it after it's been done.
James Agee, Let Us Now Praise Famous Men|To come devotedly into the depths of a subject, your respect for it increasing in every step and your whole heart weakening apart with shame upon yourself in your dealing with it : To know at length better and better and at length into the bottom of your soul your unworthiness of it : Let me hope in any case that it is something to have begun to learn.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|Night is the permanent revolution, that of the globe. Every sundown the streets change, becoming sinister or libidinous, or, for that matter, longer or narrower or unexpectedly twisted. The familiar rebels against those who presume to know it. The map is altered and time is telescoped. Daylight restores things to their normal condition, or is that really their normal condition? The map of the city wrinkles and unfolds, wrinkles and unfolds.
Robert Thier, Storm and Silence|His lips reached mine and enveloped them, soft as velvet and yet unyielding.
Siddhartha Mukherjee, The Emperor of All Maladies: A Biography of Cancer|i’m super, it’s like my favourite meal and a birthday blowjob from Christina Hendricks in here.
Robert A. Heinlein, The Cat Who Walks Through Walls|Sex, whatever else it is, is an athletic skill. The more you practice, the more you can, the more you want to, the more you enjoy it, the less it tires you.
Mary J. Williams, If I Loved You|Jack looked over to the foot of the bed to see Edgar watching them; head cocked to one side and tail wagging furiously. “You don’t think he saw us, do you?
Cecelia Ahern, One Hundred Names|And she realized that this is true. Pain has somehow transformed into pleasure, and that pleasure is better than any pain could ever be.
Horace Mann|Education...beyond all other devices of human origin, is a great equalizer of conditions of men --the balance wheel of the social machinery...It does better than to disarm the poor of their hostility toward the rich; it prevents being poor.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Using your body language to your advantage can not only improve how others perceive you, but can raise your own levels of confidence, competence, and self-esteem.
Thomas Pynchon, Gravity's Rainbow|But in the dynamic space of the living Rocket , the double integral has a different meaning. To integrate here is to operate on a rate of change so that time falls away: change is stilled...'Meters per second ' will integrate to 'meters.' The moving vehicle is frozen, in space, to become architecture, and timeless. It was never launched. It never did fall.
Andrew Wyeth|Every heart that has beat strongly and cheerfully has left a hopeful impulse behind it in the world, and bettered the tradition of mankind.
Oliver Markus, Why Men And Women Can't Be Friends|When guys try to get a good job and make a lot of money, it's so that they can find a good mate, because they know women like guys with money. Big tits are to men, what big wallets are to women. A sexy woman can have almost any man she wants. And a rich guy can have almost any woman he wants.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|Tyson, Frank is a descendant of Poseidon.""Brother!" Tyson crushed Frank in a hug.Percy stifled a laugh. "Actually he's more like a great-great-...Oh, never mind. Yeah, he's your brother.""Thanks." Frank mumbled through a mouthful of flannel.
Dudley Randall, For Malcolm: Poems on the Life and Death of Malcolm X|That's all any of us have in the end, isn't it? there is death ahead of all of us. And so we live.
Gabor Gürtler|I believe, that creating is a joyful activity as well as a meaningful suffer, and thus, it is an integral part of the human nature.
Sumner Davenport|You are the best, I accept, now leave attitude.
Stephen Richards, NAPS: Discover The Power Of Night Audio Programs|If you do not use clean language in your NAPS the negative words can be literally taken as part of the NAPS, and then you wonder why your NAPS has gone adrift, or that it only partly worked for you.
Lani Wendt Young, When Water Burns|His fingers painted my skin with ruby red patterns of desire. In Keahi’s kiss I could taste the red burn of chili encrusted in the rich sweetness of melted chocolate. I breathed in his scent and it spoke to me of vanilla. The ink of my malu tattoo began to burn, searing markings of fiery joy.
Garson O'Toole, Hemingway Didn't Say That: The Truth Behind Familiar Quotations|Survival in scarcity dictates nastiness with a rival clan, but also dictates goodness towards our own clan whose support is vital to acquire or defend the necessary scarcities.Man’s nastiness or goodness is not his fault or merit;They both create the vital coping mechanism to his environment of scarcity.
Natalie Wright, Emily's House|No difference, good or bad. Thoughts like birds in mind. Some fly in. Some fly out. Some stay at water hole to drink. Beware of birds that linger.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Thank you adversity. Oh, how we stretch and grow in the shadows of darkness just to reach the light.
Brad Blanton, Radical Honesty : How to Transform Your Life by Telling the Truth|According to Hugh Thomas, author of 'A History of the World', the greatest medical advance in history has been garbage collection. The greatest psychological advance in history is just around the corner and will also have to do with cleaning up. Cleaning up lies and "coming out of the closet" is getting more attention these days. Some day we will look back on these years of suffocation in bullsh*t in the same way we look back on all the years people lived in, and died from, their garbage.
Roger C. Shank|When telling the story of your life, it is of great value to recognize and focus on the details that reveal or inspire an empowered unfolding of your being. Much like rewriting your own DNA, every aspect of your life and growth will emanate from the building blocks of your history—however you choose to tell it. This is not to suggest that you should deny or bury your mistakes, traumas or misfortunes, but rather, recognize and reveal them within an empowered context of a bigger picture.
Shannon Celebi, The Lion Lies Down with the Lamb|She was no stripper with a heart of gold, that was for sure. A heart of steel, more like.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|Know yourself as you are – particles of start-dust moving through the eternal ocean of time, trying to make whatever little difference you can.
Connie Kerbs, Paths of Fear: An Anthology of Overcoming Through Courage, Inspiration, and the Miracle of Love|Occam's Razor is a term plagiarized by the fact it is not easy to find its source and meaning. My attempts to find an author lead me nowhere, and I can only find unsatisfactory descriptions of how it works. Therefore, it is meaningless to me and I will use it as a placeholder to define:That which is unnecessary tends to be false.Necessity is by purpose.Therefore, purpose writes itself.Now, I have a tool.
Daphne Oz|A gluten-free diet still allows you access to almost every fruit and vegetable, a variety of grains and legumes, your pick of dairy products, fresh meats and fish and a whole slew of special gluten-free delights to satisfy your pretzel-bagel-muffin-doughnut craving.
Duncan Laurie, The Secret Art: A Brief History of Radionic Technology for the Creative Individual|Radionics was conceived as a diagnostic and treatment technology at a time when modern electronic theory and biomedicine had not become the dominant sciences they are today. Early radionic devices incorporated the new discoveries of radio and electronics into their design. During that period, the functional assumptions of radionic technology did not seem as implausible as it does today. However, it wasn't long before radionics became outmoded and completely non-scientific. As Mizrach has noted, radionics continued to appropriate the methods of orthodox science into its design and terminology, making the probability of understanding what it could accomplish even more difficult to assess. I will examine this appropriation in a spirit of tolerance, given the state of electronics and medicine circa 1910, when radionics was first discovered. I will do so in order to shift the focus of this interesting technology from the scientific to the metaphysical, where the reader not limited by a need for scientific approval can evaluate it. My aim is to provide a reasonable means of evaluating radionic technology as an artistic methodology.
Walter Ralston Martin, The Kingdom of the Cults|But she finally had the good sense to see that a long, dull and predictable future was an expensive price to pay for the satisfaction of a passing sexual attraction.
Meindert DeJong, The Little Cow and the Turtle|I call him my friend, but in the last year it's seemed too casual a word for what Gale is to me. A pang of longing shoots through my chest. If only he was with me now! But of course, I don't want that. I don't want him in the arena where he'd be dead in a few days. I just... I just miss him. And I hate being so alone. Does he miss me? He must.
Andrew Fairchild|If you forget where you came from, you've gone too far.
Jerry Z. Muller, The Mind and the Market: Capitalism in Western Thought|And I love you, William." Kiss."You can make any changes you wish." Kiss."Thank you, but I love everything exactly as it is." Kiss."You will stay with me each night?" Kiss."Forever, and all day, too, until you are sick of me." Kiss."That will never happen!" Kiss."I can be annoying at times." Kiss."Do you truly think me a baby?" Kiss."Only occasionally, beloved, and in the most endearing way. Now hush and kiss me!"Darcy complied with abundant enthusiasm.
Melissa Hill, The Guest List|Remember, whoever holds the purse strings for the wedding has the control. Don't accept a cent from anyone else if possible. Then you and him will be the only ones calling the shots. All the decisionswill be yours and the rest of them will just have to go along with it.
Walt Dohrn|I think that technology - computers and smart phones and 24-hour availability - often leaves me, and others I know, feeling blank and depressed at the end of a day. I also believe that hyped expectations for raising children leaves many women and men feeling as if their days are a blur of carpools and play-groups and tutors.
Winston S. Churchill|In every age there comes a time when a leader must come forward to meet the needs of the hour. Therefore, there is no potential leader who does not have the opportunity to make a positive difference in society.
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|The sooner we accept the situation, the sooner we can work on course-correction.
Jennifer Paynter, Mary Bennet|Look for her not in the valleys below, nor in the temple rooms. For she has gone, gone into the high passes, far beyond this dying moon.
Andrew Hudgins|The poem is sad because it wants to be yours, and cannot be.
Elizabeth Hoyt, Scandalous Desires|To be an artist, you need to exist in a world of silence.
Ang Lee|For a filmmaker, it's a rare chance to do a personal film on a big canvas.
Chris Prentiss, The Alcoholism and Addiction Cure|We recognize that you've used substances to try to regain your lost balance, to try to feel the way you did before the need arose to use addictive drugs or alcohol. We know that you use substances to alter your mood, to cover up your sadness, to ease your heartbreak, to lighten your stress load, to blur your painful memories, to escape your hurtful reality, or to make your unbearable days or nights bearable.
George Herman|In urban America, you do not so much meet a romantic partner as inherit the product of someone else's romantic crimes.
Amanda Lindhout|Gay people are the sweetest, kindest, most artistic, warmest and most thoughtful people in the world. And since the beginning of time all they've ever been is kicked.
Bob Hope|For more than a decade, I led an organization that put on an elaborate Christmas program each December. It was a big production, with over 250 people participating in more than 20 performances. By the end of the season, everyone who participated was exhausted.
Sheryl Sorrentino|When you slow down and focus on completing one task at a time, your life will automatically diversify.
Adam Sandler|Motherhood is the strangest thing, it can be like being one's own Trojan horse.
Barbara De Angelis|Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world.
Neil Gaiman, Fragile Things: Short Fictions and Wonders|We wrapped our dreams in words and patterned the words so that they would live forever, unforgettable.
John F. Kennedy|If we cannot end now our differences, at least we can help make the world safe for diversity. For, in the final analysis, our most basic common link is that we all inhabit this small planet. We all breathe the same air. We all cherish our children's future. And we are all m
Stephen Lovegrove, How to Find Yourself, Love Yourself, & Be Yourself: The Secret Instruction Manual for Being Human|It would be nice if the story ended differently - if he had burst into tears and professed his love for me; if he had said the same three words back and hugged me; if he had given it thought and then asked if we could try a relationship. But you know what? I said those three words to a boy who didn’t love me back, at least not in that way. He casually dropped a “love you” later on, and in a platonic ‘you have impacted my life’ way, he was telling the truth. But I knew. He had given it thought, and we were not on the same page. I built up all this courage to say “I love you” for the very first time, and I said those words to a person that couldn’t reciprocate them. But guess what? I don’t regret any of it.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|We are those who do not disconnect the values of their minds from the actions of their bodies, those who do not leave their values to empty dreams, but bring them into existence, those who give material form to thoughts, and reality to values.
Thomas Bulfinch|The engine of ancient society was religion but the engine of contemporary society, as I see it, is advertising.
Cristiano Ronaldo|I like people that enjoy life, 'cause I do the same.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|There is no disguise which can hide love for long where it exists, or simulate it where it does not.
William McDonough,  Michael Braungart|Consider this: all the ants on the planet, taken together, have a biomass greater than that of humans. Ants have been incredibly industrious for millions of years. Yet their productiveness nourishes plants, animals, and soil. Human industry has been in full swing for little over a century, yet it has brought about a decline in almost every ecosystem on the planet. Nature doesn't have a design problem. People do.
Toni Morrison, Beloved|Simply stated, earth is a school-a divine educational process custom-fit to each of us.
Jakob Bohme|It doesn't pay to say too much when you are mad enough to choke. For the word that stings the deepest is the word that is never spoke, Let the other fellow wrangle till the storm has blown away, then he'll do a heap of thinking about the things you didn't say.
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|A couple you do not recognize - visitors, strangers - come to the door. How are you to view these people and what is your responsibility towards them? ... To assume that these visitors are really like you, that there are no real difference between you and them, and that the highest goal possible is that you and the other members of your congregation will become intimate friends with them and invite them into the private spaces of your life.
Zechariah Barrett, The Feline Inheritance|For I will consider my Cat Jeoffry.For he is the servant of the Living God, duly and daily serving him.For at the first glance of the glory of God in the East he worships in his way.For this is done by wreathing his body seven times round with his elegant quickness...For when his day's work is done his business more properly begins.For he keeps the Lord's watch in the night against adversary.For he counteracts the powers of darkness by his electrical skin & glaring eyes.
Derrick Jensen, Deep Green Resistance: Strategy to Save the Planet|The dominant culture eats entire biomes. No, that is too generous, because eating implies a natural biological relationship. This culture doesn't just consume ecosystems, it obliterates them, it murders them, one after another. This culture is an ecological serial killer, and it's long past time for us to recognize the pattern.
Robert Jastrow, The Enchanted Loom|Scientists have no proof that life was not the result of an act of creation, but they are driven by the nature of their profession to seek explanations for the origin of life that lie within the boundaries of natural law.
Jacob M. Appel|The boss is never your friend, even if you're sleeping with him.
Queen Elizabeth II|There really can be no peace without justice. There can be no justice without truth. And there can be no truth, unless someone rises up to tell you the truth.
Rodney Ulyate|You learn almost as much about a thinker from what he reads—in particular, what he likes and what he disdains—as from what he writes himself.
Kahlil Gibran, The Madman|Secret to what?""Secret to shutting you up," he said. "I just have to beat you till you're half-dead, then give you chicken soup and"--he raised his hands--"blessed silence.
Debbie Cowens, Murder & Matchmaking|And if the characters haven't died, they carry on murdering to this very day ...
John Buchan|It was strange how fear had gone,now that we knew the worst and had a fighting man by our side.
James David Lewis-Williams, The Mind in the Cave: Consciousness and the Origins of Art|Magick is the manipulation of the Laws of Cause-and-Effect in accordance with one's Will, via states of Higher Consciousness.
Mark Rothko|A picture lives by companionship, expanding and quickening in the eyes of the sensitive observer. It dies by the same token. It is therefore risky to send it out into the world. How often it must be impaired by the eyes of the unfeeling and the cruelty of the impotent.
J.C. Ryle, Thoughts for Young Men|Young man, be of good courage. Care not for what the world says or thinks: you will not be with the world always. Can man save your soul? No. Will man be your judge in the great and dreadful day of account? No. Can man give you a good conscience in life, a good hope in death, a good answer in the morning of resurrection? No! no! no! Man can do nothing of the sort. Then "fear not the reproach of men, neither be afraid of their revilings: for the moth shall eat them up like a garment, and the worm shall eat them like wool" (Isa. 51:7,8). Call to your mind the saying of good Colonel Gardiner: "I fear God, and therefore I have none else to fear." Go and be like him.
Alyscia Cunningham, Feminine Transitions: A Photographic Celebration of Natural Beauty|A tiny spark ignites a flame, just as a helping hand can do the same
Richard Paul Evans, A Winter Dream|And, in the end, I knew there was nothing better in life than keeping the head and the heart up—and when you cannot see the shoreline, always putting one hand, one word, in front of the other.
Ann Landers|The Real is ever-present, like the screen on which the cinematographic pictures move. While the picture appears on it, the screen remains invisible. Stop the picture, and the screen will become clear. All thoughts and events are merely pictures moving on the screen of Pure Consciousness, which alone is real.
Elizabeth Cunningham, The Passion of Mary Magdalen|Venus was rising, holding her own in the sky that was beginning to brighten. As I left the docks and warehouses behind, I came to a marshy shoreline, thick with water reeds. Though the sky above was clear, the water's surface swirled with little mists. I began to sing a song to Isis, made up on the spot, which caught the rhythm of the oars. A breeze sprang up and the reeds sang with me. Then as the first rays of sun dimmed the stars, birds everywhere lifted their voices and rose in line after line into the sky. On the outskirts of the city, I came to what looked like it might have been an abandoned villa or farmstead. I decided to sit down and watch the lake changing colors with the light. That's when I heard it. Not the soft lapping of the water against the shore, but the sound of flowing water. I looked and in the glowing light, I saw a small stream, eally just a trickle washing down a pebbly incline towards the lake. Something prompted me to follow the stream inland. I made my way though brambly thickets of brambling roses. The way seemed to open for me, the thorns all but retracting so as not to catch my cloak or scratch my arms and legs. At the source, I knelt down and parted the thicket, and there it was. The spring at the base of the hill so steep, it was almost a cliff. The water bubbled up from the darkness of earth, giving back the brightness of sky. Like all springs, a way between worlds. I was no stranger to sacred springs and magic wells. I was raised to revere them. I had first glimpsed my beloved on the well of wisdom on Tir n mBan. But this spring. I closed my eyes to listen to its sound, and I knew I had heard it before.The wind picked up, washing over me, scented with fish and roses. When it quieted again, I opened my eyes and gazed at the clear surface of the pool, and for an instant, I saw a tower, and the dawn sky, and the two people standing there. Then the image vanished, but I had seen all I needed to see. Alright, I said to myself, my goddess, to Miriam's know it all angels, Magala is is. And by the way, I added, my name is Maeve.
Jade Jagger|Well, there's just some universal truths in a way that I've just observed to be true. You read Voltaire. You read modern literature. Anywhere you go, there's these observations about romantic love and what it does people, and these rotten feelings that rarely are people meaning to do that to each other.
Ayushi Jain|How might you measure men beneath our skies? The shear depth of the human heart and her capacity for humbleness?Like a scientific fraction huh, but I am born of these times so forgive me that. Under this grey skied dream which has already been, already dreamt. Already past? Might everything be just hindsight? Already known gone faded the sun too, so nothing like that to be worried about? AndEngland when did she fall or might she never have begun? Withered earth before the withered Sun? Your forever field will forever be in my heart; alas here I am bold content and never knowing.
Oksana Rus|In the serenity and quiet of this lovely place, touch the depths of truth, feel the hem of Heaven. And when you leave, don't forget why you came...
Sonya Hartnett, The Silver Donkey|They thought back on the tales that the soldier had told. They remembered Hazel, the gentle Bethlehem donkey, who used the last of her strength helping those who needed her. They remembered the donkey who stood on the mountain and accepted suffering so that others would not know pain. They remembered the donkey with a hundred names, the sturdy friend of Jack who proved that the most humble being can have the most courageous heart. They gazed at the soldier, who said, 'I fear that John will be sorry he gave the silver donkey to me. The silver donkey belongs to the trustworthy and the brave.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|Your former friend Luke " Poseidon corrected. "He once promised things like that. He was Hermes's pride and joy. Just bear that in mind Percy. Even the bravest can fall.
Jan Denise|Son, you have to know what you want. If someone else has what you want, learn from them, but you must trust your own instincts to make the right decisions. The voice of inspiration will come only after you have a clear picture of what you are seeking, and after you allow yourself to feel truly grateful, as though you already enjoy the success.
DaShanne Stokes|Privilege doesn't just insulate people from the consequences of their prejudice, it cuts them off from their humanity.
B. Barmanbek, Culpa Innata|It’s more like he was an ant in the land of elephants. Nobody would notice his presence, no matter how much noise he might make.
Jacqueline Kelly, The Evolution of Calpurnia Tate|But I guessed she would never stop wanting more for me, more from me. Maybe that’s what mothers did.
Rae Carson, The Crown of Embers|There are questions Kyungsoo doesn’t ask Jongin. He doesn’t ask Jongin if they can stay together forever, or how many tomorrows are really left, because sometimes the truth is too bright. He can only hold onto the seconds, each gesture, each contact, each syllable. Jongin comes in seconds. Everything comes in seconds.If only the seconds could last long enough.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|The events in our lives happen in a sequence in time, but in their significance to ourselves they find their own order, a timetable not necessarily - perhaps not possibly - chronological. The time as we know it subjectively is often the chronology that stories and novels follow: it is the continuous thread of revelation.
Pedro Okoro, Crushing the Devil: Your Guide to Spiritual Warfare and Victory in Christ|Enlightenment begins by getting acquainted with your inner voice or your higher self. The dialogue experienced in this process leads to a more comfortable, better-focused lifestyle. Over time this relationship blossoms into a higher and more efficient form of Self-Management. With practice, thoughts, feelings, emotions, and physical manifestations merge into a more harmonious state. This state of being allows for a softer, more gentile approach to life that not only benefits the individual, but the community as a whole
Lauren Oliver, Delirium Stories: Hana, Annabel, Raven, and Alex|To hell with you all, I DO believe
Larry Crabb, Inside Out: Real Change Is Possible If You're Willing to Start from The...|We must admit that simply knowing the contents of the Bible is not a sure route to spiritual growth. There is an aweful assumption in evangelical churches that if we can just get the Word of God into people's heads, then the Spirit of God will apply it to their hearts. That assumption is aweful, not because the Spirit never does what the assumption supposes, but because it excused pastors and leaders from the responsibility to tangle with people's lives. Many remain safely hidden behind pulpits, hopelessly out of touch with the struggles of their congregations, proclaiming the Scriptures with a pompous accuracy that touches no one. Pulpits should provide bridges, not barriers, to life-changing relationships.
Munia Khan|Having been ripped open and drained by the crowd When I enter my home, Many homes seem to be waiting for me to give a shape to this life which is about to perish.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We must experience Heaven on earth;May your homes, surroundings and work places portray a safe clean environment.
Vicente García Groyon|The sense of alienation that inspires wonder, awe and fear in us is enough of a proof that life does not belong to the planet Earth.
Lindsay Chamberlin, The Shoreline|I want to share in endless ways, My expression of love for you, I'm no longer the beast of burden, Twas lifted when I fell for you.
Jalaluddin Rumi|You are the Truth from foot to brow. Now, what else would you like to know?
Chetan Bhagat, 2 States: The Story of My Marriage|Forgiving doesn't make the person who hurt you feel better, it makes you feel better.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|What shall I do, then, with Jesus who is calledthe Christ?” (Matthew 27:22 NIV). This is the most important question that has ever been asked. It is also the question you must ask yourself.
Halldór Laxness, Independent People|Every one is expected to look out for himself here. I fancy that there would be very little rising if men were expected to rise for the sake of others, in America.
Chris Cleave, Little Bee|The feeling that she had never really lived in this world caught her by surprise. It was a fact. She had never lived. Even as a child, as far back as she could remember, she had done nothing but endure. She had believed in her own inherent goodness, her humanity, and lived accordingly, never causing anyone harm. Her devotion to doing things the right way had been unflagging, all her successes had depended on it, and she would have gone on like that indefinitely. She didn't understand why, but faced with those decaying buildings and straggling grasses, she was nothing but a child who had never lived.
Sherry Thomas, A Study in Scarlet Women|She had very much looked forward to a word in private with him. But she forgot, as she usually did, the silence that always came between them in these latter years, whenever they found themselves alone.The queer sensation in her chest, however, was all too familiar, that mix of pleasure and pain, never one without the other.She could have done without those feelings. She would have happily gone her entire life never experiencing the pangs of longing and the futility of regret. He made her human—or as human as she was capable of being. And being human was possibly her least favorite aspect of life.
Henry Cloud, Integrity: The Courage to Meet the Demands of Reality|Who a person is will ultimately determine if their brains, talents, competencies, energy, effort, deal-making abilities, and opportunities will succeed.
Sister Souljah, A Deeper Love Inside: The Porsche Santiaga Story|We are fighters and survivors. We are here. We are alive and breathing, living and loving, birthing and caring, working and earning. The sky is above us. The earth is below us. We can never be poor. ~ NanaAnna
Michael Meade, Why the World Doesn't End: Tales of Renewal in Times of Loss|Many people believe that eliminating the apparent causes of fear will eliminate it, but fear, like beauty, is part of the world. The fear of fear results in the growth of terror as well as a loss of the beauty and wonder of the world. By fearing fear, we create the room for terror and panic to grow. People become blinded by fear, driven by anxieties, and increasingly ruled by phobias and obsessions. When we fail to recognize how fear works in the world, we become ruled by it. The point is not to become paralyzed with foreboding or be caught in the panic that can grip the collective and cause people to run blindly in the wrong direction. The point is to willingly go where most fear to go, to follow where the fear might lead and face the ways that the world roars at us.
Barbara Botch, Poet's Crossing|The secret to life is to live as though you know the secret." Barbara Botch
Kristen Ashley, Rock Chick Revenge|Jeb moans, wraps my legs around his waist, and holds me tight. He breaks contact just long enough to whisper, "Where'd you learn to kiss like that?""You taught me." I recover my senses and realize what I said. "In my dreams.""Oh, yeah?" He nudges the indentation on my chin with his nose. "Been dreaming of me, too, huh?""Ever since the day we met." Finally, the truth.He flashes his dimples. "Guess it's time for us to make some dreams come true, skater girl.
Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye|Indeed, I find that distance lends perspective and I often write better of a place when I am some distance from it. One can be so overwhelmed by the forest as to miss seeing the trees.
Donna Lynn Hope|She had been wrong in thinking Christ had been called up against his will to fight in a war. He didn't look - in spite of the crown of thorns - like someone making a sacrifice. Or even like someone determined to "do his bit". He looked instead like Marjorie had looked telling Polly she'd joined the Nursing Service, like Mr Humphreys had looked filling buckets with water and sand to save Saint Paul's, like Miss Laburnum had looked that day she came to Townsend Brothers with the coats. He looked like Captain Faulknor must have looked, lashing the ships together. Like Ernest Shackleton, setting out in that tiny boat across icy seas. Like Colin helping Mr Dunworthy across the wreckage.He looked ... contented. As if he was where he wanted to be, doing what he wanted 
Diyar Harraz, One Minute to Midnight|Non-professionals can also misrepresent the personal characteristics, religious beliefs, and appearance, of these therapists, can name-call and otherwise mock them, and can attribute false agendas to them, such as assigning religious motives to secular therapists working with ritual abuse or mind control survivors.For example, there is little to prevent someone from claiming on his or her own website that a psychotherapist is a fundamentalist Christian zealot at war with Satan, when that therapist might be an atheist, Jew, Buddhist, etc., who places no stock in the existence of Satan. But such a claim, when spoken as if it is fact, accomplishes its intended purpose of maligning that therapist."- Common Forms of Misinformation and Tactics of Disinformation about Psychotherapy for Trauma Originating in Ritual Abuse and Mind Control (2012)
Dada Bhagwan|Man (human life form) is a 'second-hand' quality of the absolute supreme Self (Parmatma, Lord). Man is close to the Lord [absolute supreme Self].
|Proper researching is arguably half the quest. Not knowing the right direction to travel in, makes the journey a lot harder than it is.
Jacqueline Novak, How to Weep in Public: Feeble Offerings on Depression from One Who Knows|The ‘doctrines’ we get out of the true myth are of course less true: they are translations into our concepts and ideas of that which God has already expressed in a language more adequate, namely the actual incarnation, crucifixion, and resurrection.
Jim Harrison|I was one of the first practitioners of social engineering as a hacking technique, and today it is my only tool of use, aside from a smartphone - in a purely white hat sort of way. But if you don't trust me, then ask any reasonably competent social engineer.
Marquita Burke-DeJesus|Wherever you go, find your adventure by looking for the unknown - there you might find yourself.
S.J. Himes, Wolf of the Northern Star|...knew the futility of agonizing over why things had transpired as they had. What could have happened, did.
Raymond Carver, Call If You Need Me: The Uncollected Fiction and Other Prose|Not every thought is a flower; some are thorns. But while a flower may make you fall asleep and too see dreams, a thorn will wake you up and make you to think!
Anne-Rae Vasquez, Doubt|There are rules to the game but I don’t believe that we need to be bound by them. If it feels appropriate to follow the rules, then by all means, follow them. If it feels better to break the rules, be creative and do it.
Joyce Meyer, Beauty for Ashes: Receiving Emotional Healing|The Holy Spirit knows precisely the right timing in our lives. I always say, "Only the Holy Spirit knows when you are ready for what." In other words, the Spirit of the Lord is the only One Who knows what it will take to help you, and when you are ready to receive help.
Paul Russell, The Coming Storm|To do a great right, you may do a little wrong; and you may take any means which the end to be attained will justify.
Cristina Nehring, A Vindication of Love: Reclaiming Romance for the Twenty-first Century|It bothered me that the bag bothered me more than head did, but what are you going to do? A person doesn't conciously choose what he focuses on. Those things choose you, and, once they do, nothing, it seems, can shake them.
Jeff Kinney|If you don't eat right as an athlete, you'll get tired and won't be as sharp. It's simple to drink sodas and sports drinks, but water is the most essential drink to put in your body.
Debasish Mridha|To begin again, every failure provides experience and opens the door of opportunity.
Petronius Arbiter, The Satyricon|It's the old headpiece that makes a man, the rest is all rubbish.
Natasha Tsakos|Because the new the stories we tell, the art we make, the rockets we build, will influence the future that shapes our present.
Michael Pollan, Cooked: A Natural History of Transformation|One problem with the division of labor in our complex economy is how it obscures the lines of connection, and therefore of responsibility, between our everyday acts and their real-world consequences. Specialization makes it easy to forget about the filth of the coal-fired power plant that is lighting this pristine computer screen, or the back-breaking labor it took to pick the strawberries for my cereal, or the misery of the hog that lived and died so I could enjoy my bacon. Specialization neatly hides our implication in all that is done on our behalf by unknown other specialists half a world away.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Treat your relationship as if you are growing the most beautiful sacred flower. Keep watering it, tend to the roots, and always make sure the petals are full of color and are never curling. Once you neglect your plant, it will die, as will your relationship.
John Kenneth Galbraith|I think I can hold every portfolio - defense, finance and Foreign Ministry. I think personally I'd like the foreign office.
Shon Mehta|May be I am villain in your story, but I am hero in mine.
Michele Bachmann|Open your refrigerator door, and you summon forth more light than the total amount enjoyed by most households in the 18th century. The world at night, for much of history, was a very dark place indeed.
Gustave Flaubert|Be regular and orderly in your life like a bourgeois, so that you may be violent and original in your work.
Jill Savage, No More Perfect Moms: Learn to Love Your Real Life|Something greater than me was happening. And yet, it was happening to me.
David Moody, Autumn|Surviving is one thing," he said quietly, his voice suddenly calmer, "but you've got to have a reason to do it. There's no point in living if you don't have anything worth living for.
Nick Hornby, Juliet, Naked|She regretted the explanation immediately, but that was because she always regretted everything
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|When you focus on revenge, you're uploading only negativity to your system. You should focus on moving forward and enjoy the little things in life. For we know, that innocent smile of yours is a big obstacle in the eyes of the haters.
Elie Wiesel, Night|Man comes closer to God through the questions he asks Him, he liked to say.
Patrick Soon-Shiong|Honestly, being a doctor could make you more close minded than regular people.
Doris Kearns Goodwin|With humor, it's so subjective that trying to think of what the ideal reader would think would drive you crazy.
Marissa Meyer, Stars Above|In preparing for this ceremony," Kai said, setting the bouquet on the mantel behind him, "I did some research and learned that the word Alpha has held many meanings across history. Alpha can refer to the first of something," said Kai, "or the beginning of everything. It can be attributed to a particularly powerful or charismatic person, or it can signify the dominant leader in a pack of animals, most notably, of course, wolves." His serious expression tweaked briefly into a teasing smile. "It has meanings in chemistry, physics, and even astronomy, where it describes the brightest star in a constellation. But it seems clear that Ze’ev and Scarlet have created their own definition for the word, and their relationship has given this word a new meaning for all of us. Being an Alpha means that you’ll stand against all adversity to be with your mate. It means accepting each other, both for your strengths and your flaws. It means forging your own path to happiness and to love.
Charlotte Brontë, Shirley|What is the path to wholeness? We will see this path more clearly if we recognize that greed’s ugly stepsister is ungratefulness. Greed always wants more. When we are greedy, we are never satisfied. Whatever we receive from others, we conclude we deserve. And in whatever quantity it may come, it is never enough. Lack of gratitude is a manifestation of an abundance of greed. From the vantage point of the taker, it is his or her justification for always demanding. He is endlessly disappointed in others. No one ever comes through for him. No one ever keeps his promises. Everyone always falls short of his expectations. There is no need for thanks, except thanks for nothing. No truth, no matter how profound, will find its way into a heart that is absent of gratitude.
Clementine von Radics|My battered heart will always be where the ocean meets the sand, I will break over and overEvery day. That is the best andworst part of me.
Mike   Jackson, Taven's Departing|It seemed like it was always autumn in this field - it was fitting really. Everything was shaded with the bronzes and yellows of faded pictures from an old photo album, it was a realm where uncomfortable nostalgia reigned. I noticed it more after my experience in the dream. There I was an actor in the play, here I was a spectator.
Tariq Ali, The Obama Syndrome: Surrender at Home, War Abroad|In the large sense, I have to disagree with Bakunin, one thing austerity rhetoric has suggested is that when the people are being beaten with a stick, they are much happier if the media call it the People’s Democratic Stick.
Stephen King|Hillary Rodham Clinton is a museum-quality specimen of the Yankee – self-righteous, ruthless, and self-aggrandizing.”--Dr. Clyde Wilson
Diane Duane, Swordhunt|Poverty is not just a sad accident. Yes, it’s partly about lack of jobs, “but it’s also a result of the fact that some people make a lot of money off low-income families and directly contribute to their poverty.” Matthew Desmond
Kristina Aziz|Mama Lo can get a bit nasty whenever I play with the cubs. She thinks I'm going to eat one, but they're not to my taste. Too hairy. Now if she'd let me skin one, I might be interested." (Simi)He laughed in spite of himself. "Are you joking about that?" (Gallagher)"Oh no. I never joke about hairy food. It's disgusting." (Simi)
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|All he did was breathe life into my soul. I was a conquest. An easy one, and you don't know how badly it hurts to know that I was used and tried for a time. Then thrown back.
LeBron James|Great tragedy has come to us, and we are meeting it with the best that is in our country, with courage and concern for others because this is America. This is who we are.
Wayne Swan|What I'm not saying is that all government spending is bad. It's not - far, far from it, but there is no free lunch, as a former colleague of mine used to say. There is no public tooth fairy. Father Christmas does not work on the Treasury staff this year. You can never bail someone out of trouble without putting someone else into trouble.
Michael Hoeye, Time Stops for No Mouse|He expected pages and pages of bright pictures of pancakes of every variety shown in plain stacks, or built into castles or bridges or igloos, or shaped like airplanes or rowboats or fire engines. And pitchers of syrup to choose from -- partridge berry syrup, thimbleberry syrup, huckleberry syrup, bosenberry syrup, and raspberry syrup. Then there would be cheese plates and cheeses a la carte. Creamy cheeses, crumbly cheeses, and peculiar little cheeses in peculiar little clay pots.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|The world brazenly touts freedom as both the inalienable right and morally liberating justification to mindlessly play in the filth that lies all around me. And the slight bit of sanity that yet remains within me asks, ‘what raging madness would prompt me to incessantly wallow in the very things that will eventually swallow me?
Wordions|When your love has conquered your desire for possession and lust, this love then, turns into a compassionate energy, that crosses all bars of distance and time, and touches the one you love, in ways never understood but just felt.So whether, in acceptance or in rejection, keep feeding love more love. And always believe the one you love can never remain untouched by it.
Charles A. Cornell, DragonFly|Once it gets off the ground into space, all science fiction is fantasy.
Grace Murray Hopper|No one is born with equality. We all come here with varying degrees of opportunities, qualities, strengths, weaknesses, IQ, etc.
Angela Carter, Wayward Girls and Wicked Women|Break the ice, or draw that which lives in the dimness out into the full light of speech - what happens is the same: that which is now seen and now grasped is not, in its clearness, the shadowy thing that was.
Martin Luther|War - An act of violence whose object is to constrain the enemy, to accomplish our will.
Christina Lauren, Autoboyography|Maybe I'm crying because I'm terrified that he's come here to do more damage, to reactivate what I feel only to let me down easy again, missionary style.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The parent is protector and trainer, but never the ultimate teacher. Every parent is responsible for teaching their kid basic moral conduct, manners, the difference between love and hate, and right from wrong. However, after maturity, the child must set off to seek knowledge on their own. Religion is never to be forced. And you cannot threaten your child with hell and tell them your religion is the only right way. There is no one right way. The many ways to the Creator are as varied as the colors of a rainbow.
Alain Badiou, Metapolitics|All resistance is a rupture with what is. And every rupture begins, for those engaged in it, through a rupture with oneself.
Nick Hornby, Juliet, Naked|Tucker, please put him down," said Annie. "You're frightening Jackson.""He's not," said Jackson. "It's cool. I don't like that guy anyway. Punch him, Dad.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|When you surround an army, leave an outlet free. Do not press a desperate foe too hard.
Jennifer Arnett, Into Her Chambers|Anyone can lecture from the butt, only very few can act.
Lillian Hellman, The Children's Hour|I'm too old to recover, too narrow to forgive myself.
Salman Rushdie, Shame|Repression is a seamless garment; a society which is authoritarian in its social and sexual codes, which crushes its women beneath the intolerable burdens of honour and propriety, breeds repressions of other kinds as well.
Stephen Fry, Moab Is My Washpot|As I go clowning my sentimental way into eternity, wrestling with all my problems of estrangement and communion, sincerity and simulation, ambition and acquiescence, I shuttle between worrying whether I matter at all and whether anything else matters but me.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Vacation time is the best time to do solitude because you could just take two weeks of it or one week of it and just isolate yourself. And when you isolate yourself, you can just begin to convert that time of vacation into any product you want.
Beatriz Fitzgerald Fernandez, Shining from a Different Firmament|To count the stones losing countis the sense of our life: the algebraof our displacements.To follow paths losing sense is the circumvolution, the evolution: the logicof our moments. But. No.There is no symmetry in our acts.Never the chance of steps that surprise usto salt.Our time machine. Forward.Never backward the meat machine.No turning back. No turning back.There is no remedy: deathis an incurable asymmetry.Huge is the ticking of the Clock butbut our time has the clutch, the vortexthe saltwater of a wave that covers us.It reshapes and hollows out the face, like sandrobs us of our flesh.
Christie Purifoy, Roots and Sky: A Journey Home in Four Seasons|Slurping these spirits is soul preparation, a warped communion, myself serving as god, priest, and congregation.
Kenneth Grahame, The Wind in the Willows|But winter was necessary. Why else would the world have it? The trees seemed to welcome the season, from the way they changed colors before they dropped their leaves and went to sleep. Winter was a part of a cycle, like day and night, life and death.
Richard Kearney, On Stories|Honesty is admired, and starves.
Archilochos, Carmina Archilochi: The Fragments of Archilochos|The fox has many tricks. The hedgehog has but one, but that is the best of all.
Kaui Hart Hemmings, The Possibilities|I picture Cully tromping through that high, deep snow. That's how I feel physically from all of this. Moving through grief like it's a thick drift, exhausting but enlivening. It makes your muscles ache. It makes you feel you've inhabited your body completely.
Maria McCann, As Meat Loves Salt|I mean that repeated offences, even when they secure forgiveness, drive out love. And from that I came to say that one may compel obedience but never love.
Teresa Michaels, Curveball|If you burn away my bones, my love for him would remain, tattooed in the air.
Andrena Sawyer|When it comes to purpose and preparation, most of us want to skip the preparation part and get right to purpose, which is why we don't always get to truly enjoy and walk in our purpose. Don't despise the discomfort in preparation. It's the set-up for a firm foundation. Preparation ultimately ensures that we don't squander purpose.
Beth Morey, Night Cycles: Poetry for a Dark Night of the Soul|Read a poem at a time, or two, or all, but give them time to sink into your heart. Read them again, read a portion, and stop and ponder. Visualize. Take it slow; let the poem show you what lies in your own heart. Let it fuel the words from within.
Gabriel García Márquez, Crónica de una muerte anunciada|When I wake up," he said, "remind me that I'm going to marry her.
Eugene H. Peterson, Tell It Slant: A Conversation on the Language of Jesus in His Stories and Prayers|We come into this world crying and calling, wailing and singing; and for the first months of our life all our needs and instincts, our dissatisfactions and discoveries are immediately vocalized without apology and without censor.
Victor Hugo|We Let the Boat DriftI set out for the pond, crossing the ravine where seedling pines start up like sparks between the disused rails of the Boston and Maine.The grass in the field would make a second crop if early autumn rains hadn't washed the goodness out. After the night's hard frost it makes a brittle rustling as I walk.The water is utterly still. Here and therea black twig sticks up. It's five years today, and even now I can't accept what cancer did to him -- not death so much as the annihilation of the whole man, sense by sense, thought by thought, hope by hope.Once we talked about the life to come. I took the Bible from the nightstand and offered John 14: "I go to prepare a place for you.""Fine. Good," he said. "But what about Matthew? 'You, therefore, must be perfect, as your heavenly Father is perfect.'" And he wept.My neighbor honks and waves driving by. She counsels troubled students; keeps bees; her goats follow her to the mailbox.Last Sunday afternoon we went canoeing on the pond. Something terrible at school had shaken her. We talked quietly far from shore. The paddlesrested across our laps; glittering dropsfell randomly from their tips. The lightaround us seemed alive. A loon-itinerant-let us get quite close before it dove, coming upafter a long time, and well away from humankind
Julie Lythcott-Haims, How to Raise an Adult: Break Free of the Overparenting Trap and Prepare Your Kid for Success|There are so many things we expect God to do: lead us, bring good people into our life, give us a life of abundance, make us happy, fix our problems, fix other people, triumph over our enemies, etc. However, why do so many people think they will get any of this if they choose not to live righteously? If you choose to hurt other people and not take any responsibility for it or live your life as if everyone else is the problem, except you then God is going to lead you back to the same people, same places, same situations so you can fix the same problem you ran from. God is not standing in your future telling you to forget what you did. He is standing in front of you telling you to go back and undo what you did! He leads you to places that change who you are. He doesn't lead you to places to forget who you are.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|No noble opportunity is small. Mind small opportunities with noble traits, though they may seem quite uncanny at first sight; in the mind, you shall wonder!
Maggie Shayne, Colder than Ice|Do you think they have ice cream here?” Lanie asked.Kyle cocked his eyebrow, obviously surprised by her question. “I have no idea. Why do you ask?”“Because I like ice cream when I’m stressed,” she replied, thinking she wasn’t just stressed. She was burning up and needed something cold.“I don’t mean to cause you anxiety. Don’t worry. I’ll get you ice cream whether they have it here or not, if that’s what you want.”“Wow, Kyle, that’s the nicest thing you’ve ever said to me,” she replied with a smile.
Tom Shales|To my surprise, my 70s are nicer than my 60s and my 60s than my 50s, and I wouldn't wish my teens and 20s on my enemies.
Christina Engela, Bugspray|Look at this existence. This pathetic, fallible, wonderful body,” you can say rhetorically, sarcastically, or earnestly and still achieve death. Look at me falling in love with fallible bodies. Look at me performing emotional labor
Mehmet Murat ildan|Who was it who said something about the Indians being argumentative, good soul, let him come to Haridwar and meet this bunch. Good for him too, if he adapts with age; for if after fifty you don't live the aspirations of the young, go away. Who needs spectacle snails salivating on the Soma of youth?
Sara Evans|When the Starbursts cost a cent apiece, the average number of candies per customer was 3.5, but when the price went down to zero, the average went down to 1.1 per customer. The students limited themselves to a large degree when the candy was free. In fact, almost all the students applied a very simple social-norm rule in this situation—they politely took one and only one Starburst. ... What these results mean is that when price is not a part of the exchange, we become less selfish maximizers and start caring more about the welfare of others. We saw this demonstrated by the fact that when the price decreased to zero, customers restrained themselves and took far fewer units.
Orrin Woodward|You all are the reason for my existence,if there is no YOU, there is no ME
Dalai Lama|Religion is not man's relationship to God, it is man's relationship to man.
Pramoedya Ananta Toer, Bumi Manusia|She is like a meteor shooting off by itself, traveling through space, knowing no bounds, who knows ehere eventually to come to ground, on another planet or back on our earth again, or to disappear in the infinity of nature.
Jamie Farrell, Blissed|One day, son, you're gonna find yourself your everything. When you do, you tell her. And then you make sure you live it. Live it every day.
Wolfgang Ketterle|Writing takes a lot of patience. It usually takes me a year to write a book. One time, it took me 14 years to write a book, not that I worked on it every day.
J.P. Moreland, Love Your God with All Your Mind: The Role of Reason in the Life of the Soul|What I tried to make clear in Good Calories, Bad Calories was that nutrition and obesity research lost its way after the Second World War with the evaporation of the European community of scientists and physicians that did pioneering work in those disciplines. It has since resisted all attempts to correct it. As a result, the individuals involved in this research have not only wasted decades of time, and effort, and money but have done incalculable damage along the way. Their beliefs have remained imperious to an ever-growing body of evidence that refutes them while being embraced by public-health authorities and translated into precisely the wrong advice about what to eat and, more important, what not to eat if we want to maintain a healthy weight and live a long and healthy life.
Debra Holland, Healing Montana Sky|You’re a pirate?” Obviously. Still, hard to believe. He pressed forward, forcing on her a series of blows meant to test her strength and will.She parried and blocked his every move with an aptitude that amazed. “Aye. A pirate, and captain of the Sea Sprite,” she boasted, a wry smile upon her full lips.Indeed, she appeared very much a pirate in her men’s garb—a threadbare, brown suit with overly long sleeves she’d had to roll up. Her ebony hair had been pulled back in a queue and was half hidden beneath a rumpled tricorn. Also, like her men, was her look of desperation and the grim cast to her countenance that bespoke of a hard existence.“We offered you quarter,” she said as she evaded his thrust with ease. “Why didn’t you surrender? You had to know we outnumbered you.”He didn’t answer. In all honesty, he’d thought they could defeat the pirates, if not with cannon fire, then with skill. After hearing of all the pirate attacks of late, they’d hired on additional hands, men who could fight. If it hadn’t been for the damn illness…“It’s not too late. You can save what’s left of your crew. Surrender now, Captain Glanville, and we’ll see that your men are ransomed back.” A wicked gleam brightened her eyes as if victory would soon be hers. He should do as she asked. It would be the sensible thing, but pride kept him from saying the words. Not yet. He still had another opponent to defeat, and so far she hadn’t been an easy one to overcome. Despite his steady attack, she kept her muscles relaxed, her balance sure. Her attention followed his movements no matter how small, adjusting her stance, looking for weaknesses. “How do you know I’m Captain Glanville?” When work was at hand, he didn’t dress any differently than his men.“I know much about you.” Stepping clear of two men battling to their left, she blocked his sword with her own and lunged with her dagger. He jumped from the blade, avoiding injury by the barest inch. This one relied on speed and accuracy rather than power. Smart woman.“What do you want from us?” he asked, launching an attack of his own, this time with so much force and speed, she had no choice but to retreat until her back came up against the railing. “We only just left London four days ago. Our cargo is mainly iron and ale.”Her gaze sharpened even as her expression became strained. His assault was wearing her down. “I want the Ruby Cross.”How the hell did she know he had the cross? And did she believe he’d simply hand it over? Hand over a priceless antiquity of the Knights Templar? Absurd. He swung his sword all the harder. The clang of steel rang through the air. Her reactions slowed, and her arms trembled. He made a final cut, putting all his strength behind the blow, and knocked her sword from her hand. Triumph surged through his veins. She attempted to slash out with her dagger. He grabbed her arm before her blade could reach him and hauled her close, their faces nose to nose. “You’ll never take the cross from me,” he vowed as he towered over her, his grip strong.The point of a sword touched his back. Thomas tensed, he swore beneath his breath, self-disgust heavy in his chest. The distraction of this one woman had sealed his fate.Bloody hell.
Steve Buscemi|I read the script and decide if a particular character looks fun to play. I look for complexity and a sense of humor. Those are crucial, real things to life.
Alain de Botton, The Pleasures and Sorrows of Work|For thousands of years, it had been nature--and its supposed creator--that had had a monopoly on awe. It had been the icecaps, the deserts, the volcanoes and the glaciers that had given us a sense of finitude and limitation and had elicited a feeling in which fear and respect coagulated into a strangely pleasing feeling of humility, a feeling which the philosophers of the eighteenth century had famously termed the sublime.But then had come a transformation to which we were still the heirs.... Over the course of the nineteenth century, the dominant catalyst for that feeling of the sublime had ceased to be nature. We were now deep in the era of the technological sublime, when awe could most powerfully be invoked not by forests or icebergs but by supercomputers, rockets and particle accelerators. We were now almost exclusively amazed by ourselves.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Once employed, the employed's friends are reduced to creatures that he only sees when he has a new problem, or, something new to show off.
Clare Boothe Luce|Men are allowed to have passion and commitment for their work... a woman is allowed that feeling for a man, but not her work.
Daisy Goodwin, Victoria|That beautiful day passed just as the saddest ones do, since the most radiant of days has a tomorrow.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Teamwork, amazing outcome.
Rabia Al-Adawiyya|In love, nothing exists between heart and heart.Speech is born out of longing,True description from the real taste.The one who tastes, knows;the one who explains, lies.How can you describe the true form of SomethingIn whose presence you are blotted out?And in whose being you still exist?And who lives as a sign for your journey?
Katie Reus, Beyond the Darkness|She saw Bran step through the heavy gate. A big smile spread across her face at the sight of him.Unable to stop herself she drank in the way his broad shoulders stretched out his long-sleeved shirt and the way his thick thigh muscles flexed and strained under his cargo pants. The male was walking, talking sex and he was all hers.
Chico Xavier|When each one of us become an active and living book of lessons for those who see our examples, the boundaries of religious interpretation will give way to the new era of brotherhood and peace we're waiting for.
Pearl Zhu, 100 Creativity Ingredients: Everyone’s Playbook to Unlock Creativity|Adaptability enforces creativity, and creativity is adaptability.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Let your first enemy be mediocrity; it has no role to play, no word to say and no action to display in your life. Never love to swim in shallow waters; they breed nothing than fearful reptiles of failure!
John Updike|There is no doubt that I have lots of words inside me; but at moments, like rush-hour traffic at the mouth of a tunnel, they jam.
C.S. Lewis|Think of your day as a blank canvas, and everything you say, your art upon it. Then join your loved ones and friends, and create lasting beauty together, worthy of your inner Rembrandt.
Bill Styron|Perhaps the critics are right: this generation may not produce literature equal to that of any past generation--who cares? The writer will be dead before anyone can judge him--but he must go on writing, reflecting disorder, defeat, despair, should that be all he sees at the moment, but ever searching for the elusive love, joy, and hope--qualities which, as in the act of life itself, are best when they have to be struggled for, and are not commonly come by with much ease, either by a critic's formula or by a critic's yearning.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinion of himself than on the opinion of others.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|Each of us has our definition of adventure: ending an unsatisfyingrelationship, returning to school, parachute jumping or training for amarathon. Go ahead. Get your thrill on.
Richard Lederer|Chocolate is the first luxury. It has so many things wrapped up in it: Deliciusness in the moment, childhood memories, and that grin-inducing feeling of getting a reward for being good.
Grace Burrowes, Lady Maggie's Secret Scandal|Everyone, at nineteen, is dumb and beautiful in equal parts...
Erica Cameron, Sing Sweet Nightingale|They still didn’t talk on the bus, but it had become a less confrontational silence. Almost friendly. (But not quite.)
A. Zavarelli, Stutter|Zach wanting to see me next Wednesday is almost like Zach asking me on a date, if I were a regular girl wanting a regular relationship.But I’m not a regular girl. I don’t want to hold hands in the hall at school and slow dance at prom and see a movie with Zach. I don’t want to be the girl he dates senior year and loses interest in when he goes off to college. I want to be just fast enough for Zach to have to run to catch up, because if I stay ahead, I won’t ever have to see his retreating back.
Yaganesh Derasari|Solving Criminal case with wasting time on Internet ,And your Future Cases will Pending Untouched Till the End and you never realize that.
Ken Follett, The Pillars of the Earth|He was nineteen years old, homeless and rootless, with no family and no purpose in life.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|If you meet a loner, no matter what they tell you, it’s not because they enjoy solitude. It’s because they have tried to blend into the world before, and people continue to disappoint them.
Catt Ford, A Strong Hand|Augie: Does everybody else know?T.C.: About my epitaph?Augie: About me being gay, you gink-head hoser-face!T.C. Not everybody. There's a night watchman at a Dunkin Donuts just outside of Detroit. He doesn't know yet.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|I didn't much like it, this grudge-holding against the past.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|Disillusion in an ache that eats into the dreams of goodness, of love, of any value that matters - even to the very belief in life.
Summer Lane, State of Chaos|The Limberlost is life. Here it is a carefully kept park. You motor, sail and golf, all so secure and fine. But what I like is the excitement of choosing a path carefully, in the fear that the quagmire may reach out and suck me down; I even enjoy seeing an old canny vulture eyeing me as if it were saying, ‘ware the sting of the rattler, lest I pick your bones as I did old Limber’s. I like sufficient danger to put an edge on things. This is all so tame.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Why dwell on the pain, when you can focus on peaceful thoughts?
Ann Brashares, Sisterhood Everlasting|Memories particularly of when they weren’t being what parents are nine-tenths of the time, the taskmasters, the examples, the moral authorities, the nags of pick-that-up and you’re-going-to-be-late, keepers of the diary of her duties and routines, memories, rather, of when they found one another afresh, beyond the tensions between parental mastery and inept childish uncertainty, of those moments of respite in a family’s life when they could reach one another in calm
Matshona Dhliwayo|Happiness & Me:-Happiness is That one place,Those old friends,& some new people,Those feelings,Those moments & me..!Happiness is Those rainy days &Those rainy nights,Those cool long rides,Those hot coffees,That window & some good books & me..!Happiness is Those family gatherings ,Those laughter,Those tears,Those eventful hugs,Those dinners & me..!Happiness isthat crush,Those late night conversions,Those breathtaking feelings,Those sleepless nights & vivid thoughts,Those cravings for just one thing,That first love feeling & me..!Happiness isThose beautiful places,Those alluring scenes,That one magical fascinating fragrance,Brings out thousands of memories,Memories that built you & breaks you,Memories that makes you sail between happiness & sadness,Those moments & me..!Happiness isThose little helps,To needy & poor people,With no intention of hurting,Just as an act humanity,To see a smile of “Pure happiness”Those moments & me..!Happiness isPlanting a little plant, In hope to blossom it into a, Gorgeous flower & sweetest fruits one day,Those fairy tales under it & me..!Happiness isThose sweet fights with god,In order to unanswered wishes of life,But my dear that’s nor fair,Sometimes god has bigger plans for us,Than we’ve for ourselves,How these all moments bothers a life we live,& all you need to find is,Moments of happiness & you..!!
Richard Bauckham, Jesus and the Eyewitnesses: The Gospels as Eyewitness Testimony|The Church, like the monarchy, was a valuable bastion of defense against the dangerous alliance of atheistical philosophy with political radicalism. The Bible taught the poorer orders that their lowly path had been allotted to them by the hand of God, and the Church was there to make quite certain they understood that.
A Gentlemen|MIGHT, something God only has.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Don't react to any angry actions, words and behaviours. Keep your quiet spirit, peace and calmness.
Nonjon|Matty just rolled his eyes and walked over to his older brother. "Why is it when everyone thinks they're on their death bed, they suddenly find Jesus?"Jayne shrugged and replied, "Because that's where he likes to hang out?
Ronald Solberg, The Soulful Salesman|Successful prospecting depends on selecting methods that you can effectively navigate. If something makes you uncomfortable, please don't do it.
W. Clement Stone|I think that one of the reasons why people look towards the end of humanity is that people are afraid to die alone. If you die alone, the people you love will miss you, or if they die, you miss them - the sorrow is inevitable. When you truly love someone, the thought of losing them forever is horrible.
Donna Lynn Hope|When I learned about the gray existing between the black and white of absolute terms, I began to experience more peace. The more I expanded my gray areas (more than 50 shades), the more peace I experienced in my life.
Jennifer Weiner, Who Do You Love|Your friends will still be your friends, if they're good friends.
Victoria Dougherty, The Bone Church|On the black cotton was printed a white skull and crossbones - the skull head grinning as if he were mocking her. The nun struggled for her breath and wanted to drop the evil little banner, but her fingers wouldn't let go of it - making her stare into its horrid death face as if she were looking at her own end.
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|Cole gets up and then says, “Adam. Five texts. I can read them to you.” He pauses. “Unless they’re personal.” I roll my eyes. “Not that it’s any of your business, but I’m pretty sure he’s desperately in love with my sister.” Cole snorts. “He’s crazy.” “He’d have to be, right?
Matt Litton, The Mockingbird Parables: Transforming Lives through the Power of Story|Scripture is wrought with a clear message of Jesus’ utter disregard for appearance and social rank. In Judean society, it was a major taboo for a man to even speak to a woman who was not his own wife or daughter; yet Jesus interacted regularly with foreign women, He taught women, ignored ritual impurity laws, and readily accepted women into His inner circle of followers.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If we in the church want a cause to fight, let’s fight sin. Let’s reveal its hideousness. Let’s show that Jeremiah was correct when e said: “The heart is deceitful above all things, and desperately wicked” [Jeremiah 17:9 NKJV].
Idries Shah, Sufi Thought and Action|The clothes may vary, but the person is the same.
C.S. Lewis|Because she is in God’s hands.’ But if so, she was in God’s hands all the time, and I have seen what they did to her here. Do they suddenly become gentler to us the moment we are out of the body? And if so, why? If God’s goodness is inconsistent with hurting us, then either God is not good or there is no God: for in the only life we know He hurts us beyond our worst fears and beyond all we can imagine. If it is consistent with hurting us, then He may hurt us after death as unendurably as before it.
L. Frank Baum, The Wonderful Wizard of Oz|For I consider brains far superior to money in every way. You may have noticed that if one has money without brains, he cannot use it to his advantage; but if one has brains without money, they will enable him to live comfortably to the end of his days.
Sunday Adelaja|You have to be firm, persistent, passionate, and driven by the idea and have a strong desire to bring your product to the market
Jack Weatherford, The Secret History of the Mongol Queens: How the Daughters of Genghis Khan Rescued His Empire|Every society produces its own cultural conceits, a set of lies and delusions about itself that thrive in the face of all contrary evidence.
Holly Michael|I was so done with looking at life through the eyes of beer-drinking cheese-heads. I wanted to go on that mission trip and look through the eyes of someone from a different culture and see what they saw. I wanted to meet people who didn’t crush the can of what they just drank on their forehead.-Rebecca Meyer, Crooked Lines
Jamie Scallion, Making It|No stone was left unturned in the unearthing of musical masterpieces."About Egg, Book 1 "Making it
Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club 2|I refuse to give readers an uplifting faux experience engineered to comfort them and perpetuate the sociopolitical and economic status quo.""Who died and made you Bertolt Brecht?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Be in charge, take control of your life
CeeLo Green|Now, we believe that the majority of teachers in America know our system must be reformed, to put students first so that America can compete, that teachers don't teach to become rich or famous. They teach because they love children.
Timothy Beal, The Rise and Fall of the Bible: The Unexpected History of an Accidental Book|There is a notion that complete impartiality is the most fitting and indeed the normal disposition for true exegesis, because it guarantees a complete absence of prejudice. For a short time, around 1910, this idea threatened to achieve almost canonical status in Protestant theology. But now we can quite calmly describe it as merely comical.
Amanda Donohoe|Hong Kong is a wonderful, mixed-up town where you've got great food and adventure. First and foremost, it's a great place to experience China in a relatively accessible way.
Madeline  Martin, Highland Spy|This is an education on seduction,” Delilah said in a reverent tone…	Ariana let her gaze skim across the silk wall hangings and shrugged. “I’ve not ever kissed a man.” ... Truthfully, she had not. She’d been so fixed on her attempts to placate her parents in the hopes they might pay her the slightest bit of positive attention, she had not so much as considered kissing any man. 	Delilah’s fingers touched Ariana’s chin, feather light, and tilted her face toward hers. “It is the most delicious thing. Close your eyes and I will tell you of it.”	Obediently, Ariana closed her eyes, hoping if she did as she was told, the lesson would end sooner.	It was an awkward sensation to sit in the ridiculous pillow-laden room with one’s eyes closed.	“Relax,” Delilah said in a velvety tone. “Listen.”	Ariana let her muscles slacken.	“Imagine a man, tall and lean with muscle.” Delilah’s voice was quietly intimate. Hypnotic. “He’s staring at you as if you were the only women he’d ever seen. Truly seen. The only woman he’s ever wanted. The desire for you burning in his eyes.”	Hazel eyes rose to the forefront of Ariana’s mind, a sharp jaw shadowed with a day’s growth of beard.	Connor.	She swallowed.	“His arms come around you,” Delilah continued. “So strong, so warm. They offer you a protection unlike anything you’ve ever felt and make you wish you could melt into his embrace for the rest of your life.”	In Ariana’s mind, Connor’s arms wrapped around her. But she didn’t shy from his touch – she welcomed. It. The chill of the room ebbed into a pleasant heat.	“Your eyes meet. His fingers touch your face and his breath whispers over your lips. He lowers his head and you close your eyes just as his mouth touches yours, warm and demanding.”	Ariana’s heart quickened and her breathing went almost ragged. Her mouth was suddenly dry and she flicked her tongue over her lips.	“His body is a wall of strength against you, holding you upright, as your knees feel as though they will buckle. Then his tongue strokes yours, velvet fire and heady seduction.”	Ariana drew a shaky breath….
Alison Miller, Becoming Yourself: Overcoming Mind Control and Ritual Abuse|This book is dedicated to those who have died as a result of mind control and/or ritual abuse, and those who have lived when they would rather have died.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|To Polish the Gold & Help Others Shine . . . Say something nice!My wise mother raised us with the philosophy that if you can’t say something nice, don’t say anything at all. That is a Southern custom if there ever was one! It is easy to find fault, criticize, condemn, and complain—but none of these behaviors will help you enjoy positive relationship results.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Becoming drunk is a journey that generally elates him in the early stages—he's good company, expansive, mischievous and fun, the famous old poet, almost as happy listening as talking. But once the destination is met, once established up there on that unsunny plateau, a fully qualified drunk, the nastier muses, the goblins of aggression, paranoia, self-pity take control. The expectation now is that an evening with John will go bad somehow, unless everyone around is prepared to toil at humouring and flattering and hours of frozen-faced listening. No one will be.
Chris Rock|You don’t need no gun control, you know what you need? We need some bullet control. Men, we need to control the bullets, that’s right. I think all bullets should cost five thousand dollars… five thousand dollars per bullet… You know why? Cause if a bullet cost five thousand dollars there would be no more innocent bystanders. Yeah! Every time somebody get shut we’d say, ‘Damn, he must have done something ... Shit, he’s got fifty thousand dollars worth of bullets in his ass.’And people would think before they killed somebody if a bullet cost five thousand dollars. ‘Man I would blow your fucking head off…if I could afford it.’ ‘I’m gonna get me another job, I’m going to start saving some money, and you’re a dead man. You’d better hope I can’t get no bullets on layaway.’So even if you get shot by a stray bullet, you wouldn't have to go to no doctor to get it taken out. Whoever shot you would take their bullet back, like "I believe you got my property.
Ben Aaronovitch, Midnight Riot|She was damaged because she had no one, and he was damaged because neither did he.
Maggie Stiefvater, Blue Lily, Lily Blue|One never said the things one wanted — one remembered them all an hour afterwards. On the other hand one usually said a lot of things one shouldn't, simply from a sense that one had to say something.
Hermann Hesse|Mr. Edwards and the Spider"I saw the spiders marching through the air,Swimming from tree to tree that mildewed dayIn latter August when the hayCame creaking to the barn. But whereThe wind is westerly,Where gnarled November makes the spiders flyInto the apparitions of the sky,They purpose nothing but their ease and dieUrgently beating east to sunrise and the sea;What are we in the hands of the great God?It was in vain you set up thorn and briarIn battle array against the fireAnd treason crackling in your blood;For the wild thorns grow tameAnd will do nothing to oppose the flame;Your lacerations tell the losing gameYou play against a sickness past your cure.How will the hands be strong? How will the heart endure?A very little thing, a little worm,Or hourglass-blazoned spider, it is said,Can kill a tiger. Will the deadHold up his mirror and affirmTo the four winds the smellAnd flash of his authority? It’s wellIf God who holds you to the pit of hell,Much as one holds a spider, will destroy,Baffle and dissipate your soul. As a small boyOn Windsor Marsh, I saw the spider dieWhen thrown into the bowels of fierce fire:There’s no long struggle, no desireTo get up on its feet and flyIt stretches out its feetAnd dies. This is the sinner’s last retreat;Yes, and no strength exerted on the heatThen sinews the abolished will, when sickAnd full of burning, it will whistle on a brick.But who can plumb the sinking of that soul?Josiah Hawley, picture yourself castInto a brick-kiln where the blastFans your quick vitals to a coal—If measured by a glass,How long would it seem burning! Let there passA minute, ten, ten trillion; but the blazeIs infinite, eternal: this is death,To die and know it. This is the Black Widow, death.
Fiona  Wallace|The Nephilim - the bogeyman for monsters, and all those who could be monsters.
Spencer W. Kimball|I find that when I get casual in my relationships with divinity and when it seems that no divine ear is listening and no divine voice is speaking, that I am far, far away. If I immerse myself in the scriptures the distance narrows and the spirituality returns. I find myself loving more intensely those whom I must love with all my heart and mind and strength, and loving them more, I find it easier to abide their counsel.
Jill Leovy, Ghettoside: A True Story of Murder in America|She sensed that they expected her to fall apart, but she didn't know how to fall apart. She knew it was strange. She looked the same despite this massive piece of herself that had gone missing. She acted the same. She went to work, greeted people, went home. Everything normal on the outside, except the occassional muffled crying on the job.
Agatha Christie, At Bertram's Hotel|… one can never go back, that one should not ever try to go back – that the essence of life is going forward. Life is really a One Way Street.
Chris Mentillo|You Never Have To Worry About Anything, If You Just Tell The Truth.
Akash Lakhotia, World Hypnotized: Making of the Fuhrer|Time in the most powerful thing.Not money, not power, not hope.A person can have everything theydesire but without time they are,all useless.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|Hasn't there always been a moon?""Bless you. Not in the slightest. I remember the day the moon came. We looked up in the sky--it was all dirty brown and sooty gray here then, not green and blue...
Fakeer Ishavardas|Live joyfully this life. Once gone, who knows if we ever get it back. Atheists think we do not. Mystics say you will. Either way, chill.
Liam Cunningham|Though the people support the government, the government should not support the people.
Michelle M. Pillow, Love Potions|Am I on your walk of shame? You did sleep with the right MacGregor, didn’t you?
Trevor Noah, Born a Crime: Stories From a South African Childhood|The world has been taught to be scared of him, but the reality is that he is scared of the world because he has none of the tools necessary to cope with it.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|When a person understands the problem that vexes them, and comprehends the choices that created them, they begin a journey of the mind seeking personal liberation from suffering.
Albert Schweitzer|The Jesus of Nazareth who came forward publicly as the Messiah...and died to give his work its final consecration never existed. ["Modern Christian Thought: The twentieth century, Volume 2" by James C. Livingston, Francis Schüssler Fiorenza, p.13]
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|But “nowhere” does not mean nothing; rather, region in general lies therein, and disclosedness of the world in general for essentially spatial being-in. Therefore, what is threatening cannot come closer from a definite direction within nearness, it is already “there” - and yet nowhere. It is so near that it is oppressive and takes one’s breath - and yet it is nowhere.
Pat Barker, Regeneration|The mental health system is filled with survivors of prolonged, repeated childhood trauma. This is true even though most people who have been abused in childhood never come to psychiatric attention. To the extent that these people recover, they do so on their own.[21] While only a small minority of survivors, usually those with the most severe abuse histories, eventually become psychiatric patients, many or even most psychiatric patients are survivors of childhood abuse.[22] The data on this point are beyond contention. On careful questioning, 50-60 percent of psychiatric inpatients and 40-60 percent of outpatients report childhood histories of physical or sexual abuse or both.[23] In one study of psychiatric emergency room patients, 70 percent had abuse histories.[24] Thus abuse in childhood appears to be one of the main factors that lead a person to seek psychiatric treatment as an adult.[25]
Rob Bignell, Editor, Writing Affirmations: A Collection of Positive Messages to Inspire Writers|Never be afraid to write what you believe. If the message speaks the truth, others will fear your words for you.
Michelle Frost, Wisdoms of the Light|I’m not a rebel. I was sent here to protect, not to harm.
Gordon Ramsay|YouTube began as a failed video-dating site. Twitter was a failed music service. In each case, the founders continued to try new concepts when their big ideas failed. They often worked around the clock to try to overcome their failure before all their capital was spent. Speed to fail gives a startup more runway to pivot and ultimately succeed.
Sara Teasdale|It's hard to say goodbye for good at any time or any place. It's harder still to say it through a meshed wire. It crisscrossed his face into little diagonals, gave me only little broken-up molecules of it at a time. It stenciled a cold, rigid frame around every kiss.
Debasish Mridha|Time will take everything away from life, so why are we not giving something away with time?
Jane Seymour|I mean, I went to a Catholic boys' school for a year, but that was to play hockey. Religion class was quite contentious for me.
Felix Alba-Juez, Galloping with Sound - The Grand Cosmic Conspiracy|It is curious that the human mind could blindly accept an infinite speed but had reservations to accept a finite one, simply because it was too large!
Jane Wilson-Howarth, Snowfed Waters|Perception of one's life journey does not, always or necessarily, have to be judged as good or bad. It certainly demands that one take responsibility for all aspects of it, however.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|There’s something of a restorative quality about spring, where something whispers wild rumors of new beginnings arising from the seemingly dead seeds in our lives. There’s something almost cruel about it all, as if there might be some sort of truth about a new life actually being possible. Yet, maybe it is true.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Your opinion of your mental capacity may be great, but if your idea of intelligence is crude, your intelligence-producing thought will also be crude, and can produce only crude intelligence. It is therefore evident that to simply think that you are brilliant will not produce brilliancy, unless your understanding of brilliancy is made larger, higher and finer. …. When your thinking is brilliant, you will be brilliant, but if your thinking is not brilliant you will not be brilliant, no matter how brilliant you may think you are.
Hozier|Academia is very flexible, but I had a spouse who was very committed to being a completely full partner in our marriage. I think if you counted up how many hours each one of us logged in, he certainly gets more than 50%.
Ben Hamper, Rivethead: Tales from the Assembly Line|Honey, I work for money not love.
Jacques Derrida, Margins of Philosophy|For the same reason there is nowhere to begin to trace the sheaf or the graphics of differance. For what is put into question is precisely the quest for a rightful beginning, an absolute point of departure, a principal responsibility. The problematic of writing is opened by putting into question the value of the arkhe. What I will propose here will not be elaborated simply as a philosophical discourse, operating according to principles, postulates, axioms, or definitions, and proceeding along the discursive lines of a linear order of reasons. In the delineation of differance everything is strategic and adventurous. Strategic because no transcendent truth present outside the field of writing can govern theologically the totality of the field. Adventurous because this strategy is a not simple strategy in the sense that strategy orients tactics according to a final goal, a telos or theme of domination, a mastery and ultimate reappropriation of the development of the field. Finally, a strategy without finality, what might be called blind tactics, or empirical wandering if the value of empiricism did not itself acquire its entire meaning in opposition to philosophical responsibility. If there is a certain wandering in the tracing of differance, it no more follows the lines of philosophical-logical discourse than that of its symmetrical and integral inverse, empirical-logical discourse. The concept of play keeps itself beyond this opposition, announcing, on the eve of philosophy and beyond it, the unity of chance and necessity in calculations without end.
Atalina Wright, Unbound|Don't dwell too long on the past, forgive and let it go. Too many hours have been wasted on old regrets and sorrow.
Robert Browning|There is an inmost center in us all, where truth abides in fullness;....and, to know, rather consists in opening out a way where the imprisoned splendor may escape, then in effecting entry for a light supposed to be without.
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|Your willingness to create a change in beliefs, a shift in energy, an acceptance of where you are, and the courage to make the right choices for yourself will make you into the hero you were always destined to be.
Donald Miller, To Own a Dragon: Reflections on Growing Up Without a Father|But playing your music as loud as you want and coming home drunk aren't real life. Real life, it turns out, is diapers and lawnmowers, decks that need painting, a wife that needs to be listened to, kids that need to be taught right from wrong, a checkbook, an oil change, a sunset behind a mountain, laughter at a kitchen table, too much wine, a chipped tooth, and a screaming child.
Rev. Earl Smith|It was clearly a prisoner's craftwork; that is, the most painstaking work in the world, for prisoners have nowhere to hurry to.
Honoré de Balzac, Père Goriot|A letter is a soul, so faithful an echo of the speaking voice that to the sensitive it is among the richest treasures of love.
Carly Fiorina|I love what the Valley does. I love company building. I love startups. I love technology companies. I love new technology. I love this process of invention. Being able to participate in that as a founder and a product creator, or as an investor or a board member, I just find that hugely satisfying.
Maggie Stiefvater, Forever|That's the news from Lake Woebegon, where all the women are strong, all the men are good-looking, and all the children are above average.
Elmore Leonard|There are cities that get by on their good looks, offer climate and scenery, views of mountains or oceans, rockbound or with palm trees; and there are cities like Detroit that have to work for a living, whose reason for being might be geographical but whose growth is based on industry, jobs. Detroit has its natural attractions: lakes all over the place, an abundance of trees and four distinct seasons for those who like variety in their weather, everything but hurricanes and earth-quakes. But it’s never been the kind of city people visit and fall in love with because of its charm or think, gee, wouldn’t this be a nice place to live.
Kevyn Aucoin|Conservation is key to preserving many of the world's natural beauty spots, so do your best to help by keeping to designated footpaths and being a discerning souvenir collector.
Stevie Wonder|I think what it takes to succeed remains the same. You have to have a real love of your sport to carry you through all the bad times, you still want to go ski even when things aren't working. You must have a commitment to work hard and to never give up.
Dark Jar Tin Zoo, Love Quotes for the Ages. Specifically Ages 19-91.|Love is inaudible—until you hear it. And once you do, you’ll never forget the sound of her voice. 
Avina Celeste|Don't believe that the day is without good. The very fact that you are consciously here today is a blessing of itself. Every breath you breathe, step you take, day you live is the greatest gift you can ever receive. Don't let those gifts fall away unappreciated. Live with joy in every moment.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|Once upon a time there was what there was, and if nothing had happened there would be nothing to tell.
Chris Matakas, #Human: Learning To Live In Modern Times|In mastering one thing, you have mastered all things because you have learned how to learn.
Clarice Lispector, Selected Crônicas|I, too, am among those unable to step outside the realm of worldly distinctions. I hide my excesses of joy and sorrow beneath a robe of false contentment and drown in a pool of tears unseen by others. How I envy those naive enough to covet the glory of others. Do they not realize that tears fall not only on the sleeves of worn and tattered kimonos? The jewels that spill, glittering, onto my brocade are the very water of life, but they are mistaken for mere ornament. Although no one notices, my heart is shattered into a thousand pieces.
Charlotte Eriksson|See, my aim is not to survive but to be thrown to the wolfs with adrenaline still pumping in my veins and hear the gods laughing saying ”that was one hell of a youth” and everything I do I do in order to push my senses and levels of natural ecstasy. I want to be so awake that I pass out by exhaustion every night with a smile on my face and no thoughts of tomorrow because today was all I ever could make of it and I am sick and tired of boredom. Bored people slumbering boring words about bored habits and I want to get out.
Nigel Cumberland, 100 Things Successful People Do: Little Exercises for Successful Living|But how do you come ‘offline’ when so much of our daily lives is moving ‘online’? Every month new sites and online services are launched. If you need to check anything – about a new school for your children, medical treatment, tourist destination or recipe – you go online. Bill Gates put it so well when he called the Internet the ‘town square for the global village of tomorrow’.Could you spend a week or even a day without reading your emails, using social media or going online? Someone recently joked with me that having Internet access is more important than having food or water.
Nick Nolte|As the Constitution endures, persons in every generation can invoke its principles in their own search for greater freedom.
Tamara Ferguson, Magical Weddings: 15 Enchanting Romances|Claire, if you don’t move, I will have served two tours of duty only to die in this bed.
Wes Moore, The Spiritual Top 50|Why would you accept the Jesus of the Bible, if you have rejected the Bible of Jesus?
Joan Collins|My mother's songs are really turning out to be masterpieces. I have inherited this incredible legacy and am so fortunate to bathe in her sensibilities. It is tinged with tragedy. I'd much rather she was here in person, but there is still a positive force to come out of her death and that is having the gift of music that she gave.
Santosh Kalwar, 25 Sexy Poems|Boys are universal giver, women remains universal receiver.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|Sow the seeds of hard work and you will reap the fruits of success. Find something to do, do it with all your concentration. You will excel.
Tony Dovale|In a Consciously Constructive Revolutionary Workplace, the focus is on stakeholders, People, Planet AND profits, not just the shareholder's greed of more profits.
Karan Johar|Whether or not we communicate it, I definitely seek my mom's acceptance and approval for everything. She has a strong commercial sense of movies and is a quintessential audience. When she doesn't like something, I know there is reason to worry. When she loves something, there is reason to celebrate.
Charlie "Tremendous" Jones|Five years from today, you will be the same person that you are today, except for the books you read and the people you meet.
Henry Rollins|If we say we believe in equality for all then we must fight for equality for all, not betray our immigrant sisters.
Bernard Cornwell, The Last Kingdom|The gods," he said. "Imprisoned in a thought. And perhaps they were never more than a dream.
Tess Gerritsen|With all of the people in Cuba who I met - many of them hugely heroic figures - I found learning about their complexity and richness and contradictions just really fascinating, and it was fulfilling to be able to offer a different side to them, to be able to have some kind of unique takeaway from the official narrative.
Francine Rivers, Redeeming Love|Michael had once read to her how God had cast a man and woman out of paradise. Yet, for all their human faults and failures. God had shown them the way back in.
Marya Hornbacher|We are mindful of desire when we experience it with an embodied awareness, recognizing the sensations and thoughts of wanting as arising and passing phenomena. While this isn't easy, as we cultivate the clear seeing and compassion of Radical Acceptance, we discover we can open fully to this natural force, and remain free in its midst.
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|Religio", as we know, harks back to a word (re-ligio) meaning "bond" and that is precisely what the anarch rejects. He does not go in for Moses with the Ten Commandments or, indeed, for any prophets. Nor does he wish to hear anything concerning gods or rumors about them, except as a historian - or unless they appear to him. That is when the conflicts begin.So, if I state, "in order to pray," I am following an innate instinct that is no weaker than the sexual drive - in fact, even stronger. The two are alike insofar as foul things can happen when they are suppressed.
Dave Barry|I believe it was Shakespeare, or possibly Howard Cosell, who first observed that marriage is very much like a birthday candle, in that 'the flames of passion burn brightest when the wick of intimacy is first ignited by the disposable butane lighter of physical attraction, but sooner or later the heat of familiarity causes the wax of boredom to drip all over the vanilla frosting of novelty and the shredded coconut of romance.' I could not have phrased it better myself.
Caroline George, The Vestige|After the end of the world, there is a world. Life doesn’t stop. It changes. And it changes me.
Cat Stevens|Rather than dividing the world between good and evil, the Left divided the world in terms of economics. Economic classes, not moral values, explained human behavior. Therefore, to cite a common example, poverty, not one's moral value system, or lack of it, caused crime.
Darcy Leech, From My Mother|It took until the end of her life for me to cherish each day with my mother the way I naturally did with my brother. At the end, I loved my mother simply, without request to do better in any way, or be more capable in any way. I simply loved that she was there, and she was my mother. I wish I did that more often in my life. I will do that more often in my life for those who are still here.
Joel Fuhrman|The problem with the standard American diet, a primary cause of our current obesity epidemic, is the fact that the majority of foods consumed are high in calories and low in micronutrients.
Carl Honore|The unconditional love for you child, it's truly amazing.
James A. Barlow, From the Corner to the Corner Office: A Blueprint for Success|From The Corner To The Corner Office - It's Not Just A Book, It's A Lifestyle!
Tanya Thompson, Assuming Names: A Con Artist's Masquerade|Straightforwardness intimidates people. They prefer the veneer, despite what they claim.
Pamela Clare, Breaking Point|When I realized I was going to die, the only thing I could think about was you and what an idiot I’d been for not telling you how I felt about you. I think I’ve loved you from the moment you lifted that awful blindfold off my face. I opened my eyes, and there you were, the bravest, most beautiful woman I’ve ever known. You set me free Natalie. In so many ways, you set me free.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|There's a profit attached to every problem. Find it, face it and fix it.
Hunter Murphy, Imogene in New Orleans|Just as the Mediterranean separated France from the country Algiers, so did the Mississippi separate New Orleans proper from Algiers Point. The neighborhood had a strange mix. It looked seedier and more laid-back all at the same time. Many artists lived on the peninsula, with greenery everywhere and the most beautiful and exotic plants. The French influence was heavy in Algiers, as if the air above the water had carried as much ambience as it could across to the little neighborhood. There were more dilapidated buildings in the community, but Jackson and Buddy passed homes with completely manicured properties, too, and wild ferns growing out of baskets on the porches, as if they were a part of the architecture. Many of the buildings had rich, ornamental detail, wood trim hand-carved by craftsmen and artisans years ago. The community almost had the look of an ailing beach town on some forgotten coast.
Khuliso Mamathoni, The Greatest Proposal|The word of God says "God is love", implying to love others is to reveal God to them.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|our heads were full of nebulous ideas, which cast an idealized, almost romantic glow over life
Meek Mill|Success is the American Dream. And that success is not something to be ashamed of, or to demonize.
Hal Higdon, 4:09:43: Boston 2013 Through the Eyes of the Runners|When you undertake a daunting task, an adventure bigger than you ever thought you'd take on, you don't get to know what challenges the universe will present to you on the way. You can decide where you will go and how much money you'll spend and what your activities will be, but there will always be something unexpected, a hurdle of sorts, that offers you an opportunity to learn something about yourself if you take it in stride.
Joe Eszterhas|A lot of my stories are inspired by Japanese folklore or literature or movies: I've done stories based on Kabuki and Noh plays, and on Kurosawa's 'Yojimbo' movies.
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan|America had, for one thing, lived in anarchy for - until much more recently than Europe. We had the Wild West, where the cliche of the cowboy movies was the nearest sheriff is 90 miles away, and so you had to pack a gun and defend yourself.
Helen Oyeyemi, Boy, Snow, Bird|Read, every day, something no one else is reading. Think, every day, something no one else is thinking. Do, every day, something no one else would be silly enough to do. It is bad for the mind to be always part of unanimity.
Stacey Fowler, Brain Power Boosters Motivational and Inspirational Quotes|Greatness is when you inspire others, motivate others and encourage others to live in harmony”.
T.K. Naliaka, A Difficult Damsel to Rescue|To understand a woman, a man had to peel away layer after layer of words, much as one must peel away an onion to get at the desired part.
Tove Jansson|As we give presents at Christmas, we need to recognize that sharing our time and ourselves is such an important part of giving.
Joseph P. Bradley|It was the best night in he had had in a long time, maybe ever. Finally, as he told her goodbye, he knew he had some things to take care of when he got back home. Chicago was home now. As long as she was there, it was his home.
Michael Eric Dyson|I didn't even listen to any music until I was 19, really. I just wanted to be famous. But I didn't say it to anyone because I was really embarrassed at the thought.
Terri Cheney, Manic: A Memoir|[ ] manic sex isn't really intercourse. It's dicourse, just another way to ease the insatiable need for contact and communication. In place of words, I simply spoke with my skin.
Nick Cave|Knowing more about family history is the single biggest predictor of a child's emotional well-being. Grandparents can play a special role in this process, too.
Dwayne Johnson|In my heart, I'm just a kid from the council houses. I can remember the old cottage and my dad coming round with the tin bath. I'm not a rich man.
Loretta Lynn|I have a feeling that being in love sometimes means the projection of your desires onto another person. The important thing is that you like the other person, respect the other person and want to raise children with the other person.
Vladislav Tamarov, Afghanistan: A Russian Soldier's Story|We stayed here for only a few hours. We rested and went on. But the camera snatched this fraction of a second from the eternal flow of time and froze it forever. At this moment we didn’t know that in a few hours we would fall into an ambush. At this moment, while we were filling our canteens from the stream, we didn’t yet know that we would stay in the mountains for three days without a drop of water. We didn’t yet know anything …
Isabella Trainini|Desire is to ask for something in silence, without really wanting it, for having it wouldn't fill you as much as having desired it.
W.E.B. Du Bois|Colonel Sanders as played by Hot Daddy Harrison Ford, cracking the whip on some island plantation, topping every native boy, stopping only long enough to enjoy a refreshing Coca Cola. Because every white guy is a blonde, Aryan top. All of us are the Christian Soldiers of Capitalism that flew TWA into your country, depositing AIDs in your brothels and IMF loans in your banks.
Donald Jeffries, The Unreals|Following his wonderful introduction to the joys of womanhood, Waldo found a perverse pleasure in leaving his after-sex cigarette butt glowing on the lawn of the executive mansion. Despite Jeanne's repeated assurances that it wouldn't actually be visible to any nineteenth century passers-by, Waldo preferred to picture his discarded cigarette butt being the center of much scrutiny, with puzzled Civil War-era Washingtonians reacting to it in the same way Brazilian farmers would react to U.F.O.'s a century later.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|Father, it’s Wistala. Wistala.”Father grimaced. “You’re a star, Wistala — I saw you twinkling beneath dear Irelia last night. You, Auron, and Jizara all in a row. I’ll be up there soon. Wait.
Natsuo Kirino, Grotesque|If this was the true self it was marvelous and what’s more it seemed never to change but always to pick up from the last stop, to continue in the same vein, a vein I had struck when I was a child and went down in the street for the first time alone and there frozen into the dirty ice of the gutter lay a dead cat, the first time I had looked at death and grasped it. From that moment I knew what it was to be isolated: every object, every living thing and every dead thing led its independent existence. My thoughts too led to an independent existence.
Deyth Banger, Notes Of A Dead Man Sequel|But if Frederica was aware of my sentiments, and begged Cousin Alverstoke to intervene—!” She shuddered, and clasped her hands tensely together. “You see, he could, Harry! He could arrange for Endymion to be sent abroad, for instance, and then I think I should die. Oh, my dear brother, there’s no one to help us but you, and I count on your support!
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Life goes on without regard to our whims. What we make of life is what counts, how we address the challenges in our lives determines our respective levels of personal accomplishment and happiness.
C.S. Lewis|Arousal begins within the mind, then seeps out where fantasy propels physicality.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|Some very common foods and drinks are aversive. Few people enjoy, at first, coffee, beer, tobacco, or chili pepper. Pleasure from pain is uniquely human. No other animal willingly eats such foods when there are alternatives. Philosophers have often looked for the defining feature of humans—language, rationality, culture, and so on. I'd stick with this: Man is the only animal that likes Tabasco sauce.
Debasish Mridha|To serve the world, serve yourself first by becoming happy and the best person that you can be.
Colleen Houck, Reawakened|Look. Vegan, gluten-free quiche.""What exactly makes it quiche?""Well, the shape, I guess. It's quiche shaped.""Sounds great.""Your sarcasm is not appreciated.""Sounds gross.""Thank you. Honesty.
Osho, The Empty Boat: Talks on the Sayings of Chuang Tzu|When I say maturity, I mean an inner integrity. And this inner integrity comes only when you stop making others responsible, when you stop saying that the other is creating your suffering, when you start realizing that you are the creator of your suffering. This is the first step towards maturity: I am responsible. Whatsoever is happening, it is my doing.You feel sad. Is this your doing? You will feel very much disturbed, but if you can remain with this feeling, sooner or later you will be able to stop doing many things. This is what the theory of karma is all about. You are responsible. Don’t say society is responsible, don’t say that parents are responsible, don’t say the economic conditions are responsible, don’t throw the responsibility onto anybody. YOU are responsible.
Hilary Mantel, Wolf Hall|I am not in love with him, I am in love with ghosts. So is he, he's in love with ghosts.
Maya Angelou, Wouldn't Take Nothing for My Journey Now|What you're supposed to do when you don't like a thing is change it. If you can't change it, change the way you think about it. Don't complain.
Sienna Miller|What kind of influence did my parents have on my life? Well, they had the most influence. These are the people who are closest to me. My parents are very positive people. They've been supportive. They're always there.
Guy de Maupassant, The Complete Short Stories of Guy de Maupassant, Part One|One day you may kiss a man you can’t breathe without, and find breath is of little consequence.”“Right, and one day my prince might come.”“I doubt he’ll be a prince, Ms. Lane. Men rarely are.
Tegan Quin|Sometimes, even when I'm trying to keep the load light it just feels so heavy. Like the sky is a ton of bricks waiting to fall and anything I might do, think or feel could cause it to come crashing down.
John Clare|Two lusts breed in the soul of man: the lust for aggresion, and the lust for telling lies. If one will not allow himself to wrong others, he will wrong himself. If he doesn't come across anyone to lie to, he will lie to himself in his own thoughts.
Gustavo Gutiérrez, A Theology of Liberation|Of Course God does not consider you hopeless. If He did, He would not be moving you to seek Him (and He obviously is)... Continue seeking Him with seriousness. Unless He wanted you, you would not be wanting Him.
Jeff Goins, Wrecked: When a Broken World Slams into your Comfortable Life|It's time, friends. Time to give back. Time to step out and risk more than we want. Time to dream dreams bigger than we imagined. Time to mourn with those who mourn, to bring beauty where there are ashes, to announce a new season in the world. This isn't mere altruism or sympathy; it's more than a tax write-off or publicity stunt. It's a shot at living the lives we were meant to live, that the world needs us to live, that we're scared to live.
C.S. Lewis, Out of the Silent Planet|There are always risks in battle. It's a dangerous business. The trick is to take the right ones.' [said Halt].'How do you know which are the right ones?' Shigeru asked.Halt glanced at his two younger companions. They grinned and answered in chorus, 'You wait and see if you win.
Sharron Angle|That's one of the things I hope that the book can do, is to restore some dignity to Joe Cinque.
Compton Gage|If the clouds be full of rain, they empty themselves upon the earth: and if the tree falls toward the south, or toward the north, in the place where the tree falls, there it shall be.
Urusla K Le Guin|He recognized that need, in Odonian terms, as his "cellular function." the analogic term for the individual's individuality, the work he can do best, therefore his best contribution to his society. A healthy society would let him exercise that optimum function freely, in the coordination of all such functions finding its adaptability and strength. That was a central idea of Odo's Analogy. That the Odonian society on Anarres had fallen short of the ideal did not, in his eyes, lessen his responsibility to it; just the contrary. With the myth of the State out of the way, the real mutuality and reciprocity of society and the individual became clear. Sacrifice mught be demanded of the individual, but never compromise: for though only the society could give security and stability, only the individual, the person, had the power of moral choice -- the power of change, the essential function of life. The Odonian society was conceived as a permanent revolution, and revolution begins in the thinking mind.
Neil Gaiman|Soon enough his head would be swimming with tales of derring-do and high adventure, tales of beautiful maidens kissed, of evildoers shot with pistols or fought with swords, of bags of gold, of diamonds as big as the tip of your thumb, of lost cities and of vast mountains, of steam-trains and clipper ships, of pampas, oceans, deserts, tundra.
Lisa Kleypas, Dream Lake|At first I wasn’t all that tempted by him, but then he killed the spider. Which was a huge point in his favor.” “Absolutely. I love men who kill bugs.” “And then when I was freaking out and couldn’t breathe, he was so…gentle.” Zoe sighed and colored, remembering. “He was holding me, and talking to me in that voice…you know, sort of low and rough around the edges…” “All the Nolans sound like that,” Justine said reflectively. “Like they’ve got a mild case of bronchitis. Totally hot.
W.B. Yeats|It wasn't a potential atonement actuated by the sinner, it was an actual atonement initiated by the savior.
Isa Zapata|When you cultivate love and kindness in your heart, everything around you becomes love and kindness.
Graham Gooch|The only good thing about that decision, Gatt, is that I'll get tea before you.
Namsoon Kang, Cosmopolitan Theology: Reconstituting Planetary Hospitality, Neighbor-Love, and Solidarity in an Uneven World|I want to affirm that thinking and living, knowing and doing, theory and practice intersect.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|... rejoicing in a peace which brings only an increase of anxiety,...
Aditya Ajmera|Mind is absolutely competent to harvest anything, it is up to us what we wish to produce!! Illusion, Ignorance or Awareness.
John A. Ashley, Seas of Darkness|If Captain Jean-Luc Picard asked you to serve him aboard the starship Enterprise, you'd likely be happy to. You would recognise him as a great leader and a good man, and so you wouldn't have any problem following his orders. This is basically the relationship God wants with us - not slaves, not pets, not possessions, we would be co-workers and friends.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|Make your lives a masterpiece, you only get one canvas.
Uma Shanker|Disappointment comes from ExpectationExpectation comes from intimacyIntimacy comes from common interestAnd common interest comes from friendshipSo to nurture friendship, abandon expectation
Ehud Barak|I have a condition called Osteogenesis Imperfecta (OI), which has affected my growth and bone strength. In short, people with the kind of OI I have generally experience hundreds of fractures in their lifetime and use wheelchairs for mobility.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|A family is like medicine." She twisted her lips into a sardonic smile. "Best in small doses.
Sunday Adelaja|Miracles are not for grown men, they are for children or unbelievers.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Punctuality Plus. When you have scheduled an appointment, or have made a commitment, you have essentially made a promise. Being punctual demonstrates your consideration for others and that you can be depended upon.
Isaac Asimov|It was one of those things they keep in a jar in the tent of a sideshow on the outskirts of a little, drowsy town. One of those pale things drifting in alcohol plasma, forever dreaming and circling, with its peeled, dead eyes staring out at you and never seeing you. It went with the noiselessness of late night, and only the crickets chirping, the frogs sobbing off in the moist swampland. One of those things in a big jar that makes your stomach jump as it does when you see a preserved arm in a laboratory vat.
David Foster Wallace, Both Flesh and Not: Essays|For reasons that are not well understood, war's codes are safer for most of us than love's.
Steven Cuoco|Words that go unspoken, will never be fully understood. I'm not sure if anyone has ever said this line but its something I thought of.
bell hooks|White women and black men have it both ways. They can act as oppressor or be oppressed. Black men may be victimized by racism, but sexism allows them to act as exploiters and oppressors of women. White women may be victimized by sexism, but racism enables them to act as exploiters and oppressors of black people. Both groups have led liberation movements that favor their interests and support the continued oppression of other groups. Black male sexism has undermined struggles to eradicate racism just as white female racism undermines feminist struggle. As long as these two groups or any group defines liberation as gaining social equality with ruling class white men, they have a vested interest in the continued exploitation and oppression of others.
Rebekkah Ford, Beyond the Eyes|I think Ken should grow some balls and tell Barbie to piss off," Matt said after Ashley waved an accusing finger in Darren's (leg-puppy) face, then stomped off to a table beside a window.
Grace Lee Boggs, The Next American Revolution: Sustainable Activism for the Twenty-First Century|We are the vanguard of our times. What we do in our lifetimes will set the future of all beings. The loving, conscious choices you make for yourself will effect the future of life and of souls uncounted. This is how important you are. And this is how important loving yourself and living your best life is.
Tony Moyle, The Limpet Syndrome|Who sees the human face correctly: the photographer, the mirror, or the painter?
Melissa Cutler, Undefeated|Nothing could be more important than that the work of a soldier is well done. No tools will make a man a skilled workmen, or master of defense, or be of any use to him who has not learned how to handle them and has never bestowed any attention on them.
J. Raymond|She'll let you put her in her place, But she won't stand for anything worse than first.
James Irwin|The world itself looks cleaner and so much more beautiful. Maybe we can make it that way - the way God intended it to be - by giving everyone, eventually, that new perspective from out in space.
Alberto Manguel, The Library at Night|Libraries, whether my own or shared with a greater reading public, have always seemed to me pleasantly mad places, and for as long as I can remember I've been seduced by their labyrinthine logic, which suggests that reason (if not art) rules over a cacophonous arrangement of books.
Alfred North Whitehead|I can look at the future with anticipation. And it's comforting to know that someday, as Christians, we'll be able to look back and have a little more clarity on why certain things in life happened.
Pat Riley|I believe that a trusting attitude and a patient attitude go hand in hand. You see, when you let go and learn to trust God, it releases joy in your life. And when you trust God, you're able to be more patient. Patience is not just about waiting for something... it's about how you wait, or your attitude while waiting.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If it has anything to do with me, it has nothing to do with sacrifice.
William Deresiewicz, Excellent Sheep: The Miseducation of the American Elite and the Way to a Meaningful Life|And speaking of options ,these kids [the ones who attend elite universities] have all been told that theirs are limitless. Once you commit to something, though, that ceases to be true. A former student sent me an essay he wrote, a few years after college, called "The Paradox of Potential." Yale students, he said, are like stem cells. They can be anything in the world, so they try to delay for as long as possible the moment when they have to become just one thing in particular. Possibility, paradoxically, becomes limitation.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Insulted and Humiliated|Don't be surprised that I value prejudice, observe certain conventions, seek power--it's because I know I live in an empty society.
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|At the temple there is a poem called "Loss" carved into the stone. It has three words, but the poet has scratched them out. You cannot read loss, only feel it.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|Python opened his eyes. "What do you want?""To sing you songs about my awesomeness!""Oh, please. Just kill me now.""Okay!" Apollo drew his bow and shot the snake between the eyes. Then he sang a song about his awesomeness.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Be not wishing and pining but thankfully content.  For it is a short bridge between wanting and regret."- from "Dimpellumpzki
Salman Rushdie|In the movies, the writer is just the servant, the employee.
George Pólya, How to Solve It: A New Aspect of Mathematical Method|I took the money and passed the box across the counter and said politely, ‘Your choice of colourreally lacks style.’ I smiled and Beth laughed and the guy asked to see my manager.I got Bert and he leant over the box and looked at the paint and said, ‘Ed was being polite. Yourchoice of colour is shit.
Sarah Brocious, Nolan's Evolution|He rolled his eyes. "I will never not be worried about you! That's close to impossible." He ran a hand over his face in frustration. "I wish for one moment you could feel what its like to be a Protector. I can't think of anything else, Raina, not even myself. It's what I am...it's all I am at the moment." ~Thanatos
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|As he floated more and more deeply toward sleep, the scent of her body and hair was redolent throught his senses, until he was dreaming of breathing her skin.
Mercedes Lackey, The Eagle & the Nightingales|If they projected the fact that they are dangerous any harder, there would be little puddles of "danger" on the floor around them. Look, it's "danger", don't step in it!
Giselle Simlett, Girl of Myth and Legend|There are two aspects of man’s existence which are the special province and expression of his sense of life: love and art.I am referring here to romantic love, in the serious meaning of that term—as distinguished from the superficial infatuations of those whose sense of life is devoid of any consistent values, i.e., of any lasting emotions other than fear. Love is a response to values. It is with a person’s sense of life that one falls in love—with that essential sum, that fundamental stand or way of facing existence, which is the essence of a personality. One falls in love with the embodiment of the values that formed a person’s character, which are reflected in his widest goals or smallest gestures, which create the style of his soul—the individual style of a unique, unrepeatable, irreplaceable consciousness. It is one’s own sense of life that acts as the selector, and responds to what it recognizes as one’s own basic values in the person of another. It is not a matter of professed convictions (though these are not irrelevant); it is a matter of much more profound, conscious and subconscious harmony.Many errors and tragic disillusionments are possible in this process of emotional recognition, since a sense of life, by itself, is not a reliable cognitive guide. And if there are degrees of evil, then one of the most evil consequences of mysticism—in terms of human suffering—is the belief that love is a matter of “the heart,” not the mind, that love is an emotion independent of reason, that love is blind and impervious to the power of philosophy. Love is the expression of philosophy—of a subconscious philosophical sum—and, perhaps, no other aspect of human existence needs the conscious power of philosophy quite so desperately. When that power is called upon to verify and support an emotional appraisal, when love is a conscious integration of reason and emotion, of mind and values, then—and only then—it is the greatest reward of man’s life.
Lana Del Rey|I think it takes a lot of trickery to keep up with the media and its perception of you. I don't know if I have it in me most of the time to care. The music is made first, and the interviews or photos to keep it alive come later as a necessary evil, I suppose.
Alan Moore, Batman: The Killing Joke|Do you know, Alexey Fyodorovitch, how people do go out of their mind?
Venus Williams|I don't even really know what it is I do for a living - the level of insecurity is very, very high. You're making a lot of money, getting a lot of accolades and positive criticism for something where you don't even know what you're doing.
J.F. Kelly, A Woman's Pleasure|Intimacy and lovemaking—intertwined, meshed, and one becoming the other—are what I strive to achieve each time I am presented with the opportunity to enjoy a lovemaking experience.
Idries Shah, The Sufis|The textbook in question in the infamous Scope's Monkey Trial was partially written by the Harvard educated white supremacist, Charles B. Davenport.
Goldie Hawn|I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.
Elle A. Rose, Frozen|If I can face a street full of rabid zombies, I can tell a boy I like him. Right?
Mark Twain|Doing a little at once can fix something, eventually, but i feel like when you believe something is truly a problem, you throw everything you have at it, because you just can't help yourself.
Christy Brown, Of Snails and Skylarks|Novels are readOr their authors are blue.Support Indie writers:Buy their books, post reviews!
Savannah Stuart, Worth the Risk|You're very quiet," she murmured.	"That's because I'm the big bad wolf," he growled playfully.
Douglas R. Hofstadter, Metamagical Themas: Questing for the Essence of Mind and Pattern|It turns out that an eerie type of chaos can lurk just behind a facade of order - and yet, deep inside the chaos lurks an even eerier type of order.
Laura Purdie Salas, BookSpeak!: Poems about Books|On a day like today,there's no friend like a book.
Lauryn Hill|Through literacy you can begin to see the universe. Through music you can reach anybody. Between the two there is you, unstoppable.
Vita Sackville-West|The more one has seen of the good, the more one asks for the better.
Vishwas Chavan|When you give, give without any expectations.
Nancy McKenzie, Queen of Camelot|Take what comes and live life without complaint. What will be, will be. Life is a woman's gift; death is God's.
Ranata Suzuki|Deep down, I think everybody wants to be ‘the one’ to someone. I don’t know if I’ve ever been that person to anyone else – but I do know you are that person to me. You are the one. The only one. And you always will be.
Barry N. Malzberg, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|The minister paused in his narrative. At that moment there came a tremendous blast of wind which shook the windows of the manse, and burst open the hall door, and caused the candles to flicker and the fire to go roaring up the chimney. It is not too much to say that, what with the uncanny story, and the howling storm, we all felt that creeping sort of uneasiness which so often seems like the touch of something from another world - a hand stretched across the boundary-line of time and eternity, the coldness and mystery of which make the stoutest heart tremble. ("Sandy The Tinker")
Akiroq Brost|We can never bring anything to us unless we are grateful for what we have. In fact, if somebody were completely and utterly grateful for everything, they would never have to ask for anything, because it would be given to them before they even asked.
J. Sheridan Le Fanu, Carmilla|I remember everything about it—with an effort. I see it all, as divers see what is going on above them, through a medium, dense, rippling, but transparent.
D.J. Niko, The Tenth Saint|Freedom cannot be labeled nor won nor envied. Only when one doesn't realize what freedom is, is one truly free.
Frank Gehry|Of course I believe imaginative architecture can make a difference to people's lives, but I wish it was possible to divert some of the effort we put into ambitious museums and galleries into the basic architectural building blocks of society.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|One vital aspect in the Path toward Clear Awareness is the beginning of differentiation between belief-induced appearance and Reality. In many ways I can illustrate illusions and point out artificial concepts that are commonly accepted as real, but the onus of recognition is for you to come to see these things as what they are.
|A lot of people often forget that the main purpose of being in a circle is to continuously grow with it, and never to be held back by it.
Mehmet Murat ildan|It is like the man who closes his eyes to the sun and then finds himself walking over the edge of a cliff. If the man is too foolish to use the gift of light given to him, how can the sun be blamed for his death?
Andreas Laurencius, Genesis|I love all life as my own. Therefore, I say, you're my very own. But am I, an infidel who does not believe in your ism, also your own?
Henry Rollins|If anything at all, perfection is not when there is nothing to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.
Richard Dunphy, Sexual Politics|There is abundant scholarship which establishes that the delegitimation of homosexual desire and the production of the naturally heterosexual, properly bi-gendered (unambiguously male or female) population of citizens, with the women respectably desexualized, is a process that is central to nation formation all over the globe.
Tony Schwartz|Through years of experience I’ve discovered that a liar will always look into his drink when telling a lie. But he doesn’t have a drink in a cab, and even if he did I’d have no idea as to whether he were looking into it or not
Lady Augusta Gregory, Gods and Fighting Men: The Story of the Tuatha De Danaan and the Fianna of Ireland|The priest's lesson: beware the Nightlord, for his pleasure is a mortal's doom. My grandmother's lesson: beware love, especially with the wrong man.
Steve Scalise|My feeling is, having lived in different classes, that people want equality of opportunity... that's the thing that makes me despair: the idea that people aren't given equality of opportunity.
M.C. Humphreys|Were the stars out when I left the house last evening? All I could remember was the couple in the Skyline listening to Duran Duran. Stars? Who remembers stars? Come to think of it, had I even looked up at the sky recently? Had the stars been wiped out of the sky three months ago, I wouldn't have known. The only things I noticed were silver bracelets on women's wrists and popsicle sticks in potted rubber plants. There had to be something wrong with my life. I should have been born a Yugoslavian shepherd who looked up at the Big Dipper every night. No car, no car stereo, no silver bracelets, no shuffling, no dark blue tweed suits.My world foreshortened, flattening into a credit card. Seen head on, things seemed merely skewed, but from the side the view was virtually meaningless—a one-dimensional wafer. Everything about me may have been crammed in there, but it was only plastic. Indecipherable except to some machine.My first circuit must have been wearing thin. My real memories were receding into planar projection, the screen of consciousness losing all identity.
Nanavira Thera|People, for the most part, live in the objective-immediate mode (discussed earlier). This means that they are totally absorbed in and identified with positive worldly interests and projects, of which there is an unending variety. That is to say, although they differ from one another in their individual natures, the contents of their respective positivities, they are all alike in being positive. Thus, although the fundamental relation between positives is conflict (on account of their individual differences), they apprehend one another as all being in the same boat of positivity, and they think of men generally in terms of human solidarity, and say 'we'.But the person who lives in the subjective-reflexive mode is absorbed in and identified with, not the positive world, but himself. The world, of course, remains 'there' but he regards it as accidental (Husserl says that he 'puts it in parentheses, between brackets'), and this means that he dismisses whatever positive identification he may have as irrelevant. He is no longer 'a politician' or 'a fisherman', but 'a self'. But what we call a 'self', unless it receives positive identification from outside, remains a void, in other words a negative. A 'self', however, is positive in this respect—it seeks identification. So a person who identifies himself with himself finds that his positivity consists in negativity—not the confident 'I am this' or 'I am that' of the positive, but a puzzled, perplexed, or even anguished, 'What am I?'. (This is where we meet the full force of Kierkegaard's 'concern and unrest'.) Eternal repetition of this eternally unanswerable question is the beginning of wisdom (it is the beginning of philosophy); but the temptation to provide oneself with a definite answer is usually too strong, and one falls into a wrong view of one kind or another. (It takes a Buddha to show the way out of this impossible situation. For the sotāpanna, who has understood the Buddha's essential Teaching, the question still arises, but he sees that it is unanswerable and is not worried; for the arahat the question no longer arises at all, and this is final peace.)This person, then, who has his centre of gravity in himself instead of in the world (a situation that, though usually found as a congenital feature, can be acquired by practice), far from seeing himself with the clear solid objective definition with which other people can be seen, hardly sees himself as anything definite at all: for himself he is, at best, a 'What, if anything?'. It is precisely this lack of assured self-identity that is the secret strength of his position—for him the question-mark is the essential and his positive identity in the world is accidental, and whatever happens to him in a positive sense the question-mark still remains, which is all he really cares about. He is distressed, certainly, when his familiar world begins to break up, as it inevitably does, but unlike the positive he is able to fall back on himself and avoid total despair. It is also this feature that worries the positives; for they naturally assume that everybody else is a positive and they are accustomed to grasp others by their positive content, and when they happen to meet a negative they find nothing to take hold of.
Tahereh Mafi, Unravel Me|Have you ever had a girlfriend, Kenji?" me?
Kirsty Eagar, Raw Blue|Am I worried about the future? I don't know. When I think of the word it's like seeing a cavity, a space where a tooth used to be.
Arshad Ahmad|At lastdon't be anything for mebe something which isClear as ocean waterBe cloud , but don't rain on meBe sun, but don't shine for meBe moon, but don't enlighten meBut be lucid, in whatYou are to meSo that I can think, where do you exist
Harrison Ford|I think I have more humour in me than anger. But those two things are great bed-fellows, performance-wise.
Huston Smith, Tibetan Book of the Dead|Being gifted doesn’t mean you’ve been given something. It means, you have something to give.
Francis M. Nevins Jr., Night and Fear: A Centenary Collection of Stories by Cornell Woolrich|I have one word to say upon the subject of profound writers, who are grown very numerous of late; and I know very well the judicious world is resolved to list me in that number. I conceive therefore, as to the business of being profound, that it is with writers as with wells; a person with good eyes may see to the bottom of the deepest, provided any water be there; and often, when there is nothing in the world at the bottom, besides dryness and dirt, though it be but a yard and half under ground, it shall pass however for wondrous deep, upon no wiser a reason than because it is wondrous dark.
|One of the best decisions that you could ever make in your life, is to vow to never accept quitting as a final answer.
Cecy Robson, Sealed with a Curse|The greater your ambition for the health of the world, the more sinister, diabolical, complex, and threatening the resistance you will meet.
Mark Helprin, Winter's Tale|Always think about loyal not for beautiful,about true not for rich,because if you have your loyal and true,you have your beautiful and rich
Lauren Oliver, Requiem|I’m very fond of the concept of choice as the basis for sexual preference. This point of view is unpopular in an era in which every claim for gay rights is bases on pseudoscientific sulking about how we can’t help being queer; we’re just born that way. Thanks, but I don’t want to receive my civil rights as a charity fuck bequeathed on me by my genetic superiors.
Clare Ansberry, The Women of Troy Hill: The Back-Fence Virtues of Faith and Friendship|Gardens and flowers have a way of bringing people together, drawing them from their homes.
K.H. Rennie|Maybe I'd die. Maybe I'd burn to ash in wind, or blacken like the pines. Charred skeletons, I'd add one to the count. I didn't feel scared. I didn't think to panic. The trail wasn't burning. I was raw, ripe for loving. I wasn't stopping.
Maya Angelou, Letter to My Daughter|I realise I have become something I never thought possible: patriotic and proud about being an adopted Italian. In more honest moments, I realise that I might never quite be able to leave the country. That longing to leave, and the inability to pull yourself away from the bel casino, the 'fine mess', has been written about for centuries. Using the usual prostitution metaphor, one of the country's most important patriots, Massimo D'Azeglio, wrote: 'I can't live outside Italy, which is strange because I continually get angry with Italian ineptitude, envies, ignorance and laziness. I'm like one of the people who falls in love with a prostitute.' That, in fact, is precisely the feeling of living here: it is infuriating and endlessly irritating, but in the end it is almost impossible to pull yourself away. It's not just that everything is troppo bello, 'too beautiful', or that food and conversation are so good. It's that life seems less exciting outside Italy, the emotions seem muted. Stendhal wrote that the feeling one gets from living in Italy is 'akin to that of being in love', and it's easy to understand what he meant. There's the same kind of enchantment and serenity, occasionally insecurity and sadness. And writing about the country's sharp pangs of jealousy and paranoia, Stendhal knew that they exist precisely because the country's 'joys are far more intense and more lasting'. You can't have one without the other.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|When two people fall in love, they not only give up their genuine authority over their own lives, but also, they become mutual authorities of the collective life that they build together.
Carsten Jensen, We, the Drowned|School forces unique individuals to think, act, and, look alike.
Rebecca McNutt, Three Little Ghostly Operatives|Um, thanks,” Jackson told her. “And your name is…?”“I’m Margaret, Margaret Van Der Graaf,” she answered with another eerie smile. Her teeth were so white that they looked bleached.“Van Der Graaf?” Jackson repeated, trying to stifle his laughter. He didn’t want to be rude to the only person in sight, to this kind-hearted stranger who was offering to help him, but… Van Der Graaf?“What are you laughing at?” Margaret asked with curiosity, flashing him a calculating gaze. “I like my name. If you’re going to be a jerk, then I won’t help you. You can stay out here on the street through the night for all I care.”“…Harsh,” said Jackson, giving her a quizzical glance back. There was something ‘off’ about her, something that Jackson couldn’t quite place, something that bordered on horrible loneliness and longing. “Who else lives here, Margaret Van Der Graaf?” He couldn’t resist saying her name aloud. Despite its hilarity, it had a nice ring to it. “Who else lives here?” he urged.“Me, myself and I,” said Margaret simply, snickering when she saw his horrified and annoyed expression
Joseph Smith Jr.|Whatever God requires is right, no matter what it is, although we may not see the reason there of until all of the events transpire.
N.D. Wilson, 100 Cupboards|Henry successfully kept his mind on the game, which might seem strange for a boy who slept beside a wall of magic. But baseball was as magical to him as a green, mossy mountain covered in ancient trees. What's more, baseball was a magic he could run around in and laugh about. While the magic of the cupboards was not necessarily good, the smell of leather mixed with dusty sweat and spitting and running through sparse grass after a small ball couldn't be anything else.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|To begin perfect happiness at the respective ages of twenty-six and eighteen, is to do pretty well; and professing myself moreover convinced, that the General's unjust interference, so far from being really injurious to their felicity, was perhaps rather conducive to it, by improving their knowledge of each other, and adding strength to their attachment, I leave it to be settled by whomsoever it may concern, whether the tendency of this work be altogether to recommend parental tyranny, or reward filial disobedience.
Lisa Kessler, Ice Moon|Jared led me to the floor where I suddenly remembered an important detail. "I don't know how to dance."	He didn't laugh at me. Taking my hand in his, he moved his other arm around my waist and leaned in close by my ear. "Then you better let me lead.
Albert Camus, The Plague|We refuse to despair of mankind. Without having the unreasonable ambition to save men, we still want to serve them.
James R. White, Drawn By The Father: A Study Of John 6:35 45|Many in our world today want us to believe that we can except Christ simply as a Savior from sin, but not the Lord of our lives. They teach essentially that a person can perform an act of believing on Christ once, and after this, they can fall away even into total unbelief and yet still supposedly be "saved". Christ does not call men in this way. Christ does not save men in this way. The true Christian is the one continually coming, always believing in Christ. Real Christian faith is an ongoing faith, not a one-time act. If one wishes to be eternally satiated, one meal is not enough. If we wish to feast on the bread of heaven, we must do so all our lives. We will never hunger or thirst if we are always coming and always believing in Christ. He's our sufficiency. Christ the bread from heaven. We must feed on all of Christ, not just the parts we happen to like. Christ is not the Savior of anyone unless He is their Lord as well.
Sunday Adelaja|If you don’t believe in virtues and principles, then you are not building your life on anything.
Brian Cox, Forces of Nature|According to Thoth, because of the placement of the Great Pyramid on the Earth connecting into the Earth's huge geometrical field - specifically the octahedral field of the Earth, which is equivalent to our own fields - and because of the pyramid's mass and the geometries used in it, the white-light energy field spirals upward and becomes extremely strong, stretching all the way out to the center of the galaxy. The dark-light energy comes in from above, spirals through zero point and connects with the center of the Earth. In this way the Great Pyramid connects the center of the Earth to the center of our galaxy.
Tom Clancy|I write a lot, and very often I write a couple of lines that are particularly revealing in some kind of way. And then as a few more lines get added and a piece gets added, eventually the song pretty much takes over and you can't really find a way to change those things.
Mark Scandrette, Soul Graffiti: Making a Life in the Way of Jesus|It may actually be more healthy to be disturbed, confused, or searching than confident, certain, and secure.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Positive;Positive mindset, positive soul.Positive soul, positive spirit.Positive spirit, positive strength.Positive strength, positive action.Positive action, positive impart.Positive impact, positive society.Positive society, positive world.
Dada Bhagwan|Puzzles’ are bound to arise for everyone, but how does the puzzle get solved, that much science if people get to know, it is more than enough.
Audre Lorde|I feel sorry sometimes for these sportsmen and women who put in just as much effort as the footballers. For example, athletes train at least as hard as footballers but have to be happy if they can earn enough to finance a decent education.
Donna Grant, Burning Desire: Part 1|Kiril sat up and raked a hand through his hair. In the light of dawn, Shara was still on his mind. She was a Dark, a spy sent to monitor a spy.
Amy Koppelman, Hesitation Wounds|Thank God, the greatest things are freely giving; life, love, joy, smiles, hugs, inner peace, blessings, family, friends, nature….!
Andrew Stanton|On the one hand, the press, television, and movies make heroes of vandals by calling them whiz kids.
Tamela Miles, Rock Paper Scissors|I’m standing here on a deserted road on a cold night, wondering how something so beautiful could go so incredibly wrong. My name is Christian Castro and this is the story of how I lost it all.
Sabrina Jeffries, Dance of Seduction|Honour, like insult, comes from others. It is their recognition of our worth. It is the intrusion of the social into the psychological, the public into the private. After all, others honour us for what they find of worth in us. ‘To pursue [honour],’ wrote Baruch Spinoza in Treatise on the Emendation of the Intellect (1677), ‘we must direct our lives according to other men’s powers of understanding, fleeing what they commonly flee and seeking what they commonly seek.’ So what we come to think of as worthwhile in ourselves is bound to have as a large component what others think to be worthwhile in us.
José Mourinho|I am sixteen when my mother steps out of her skin one frozen January afternoon- pure self, atoms twinkling like microscopic diamond chips around her, perhaps the chiming of a clock, or a few bright flute notes in the distance- and disappears. No one sees her leave, but she is gone.
Lynn Raye Harris, Captive But Forbidden|He wrapped his lips around her finger and sucked hard as he slowly pulled the digit free, and that secret entrance deep between her thighs clenched like the mouth of a drawstring purse.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Palm Sunday: An Autobiographical Collage|But Hyacinth Bridgerton, who at ten should have known the least about kisses of anyone, just blinked thoughtfully, and said, " I think it's nice. If they're laughing now, they'll probably be laughing forever.
Allwyn Jose|If using 'was' could be deemed gramatically, or atleast emotionally correct, in the sense that it could relate to something that you actually couldn't do in the past, but want to do right now, then i wanna say, I was sorry, for everything...
Joseph Prince|Noam Chomsky has a book, which I read for the first time when I was in Spain, called 'Fear of Democracy'. There is your answer. Fear of democracy. In Honduras, they had a sham democracy. It was run by elites, what was called a liberal democracy, but in reality was a false democracy.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When the wisdom speaks, be quite and listen! When the stupidity speaks, stand up and leave!
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you come into contact with that rare once in a lifetime opportunity, instantly own it, remember all it takes is a slight pondering moment for a stake to be placed, the opportunity can and will easily be claimed by another.
Robin Bielman, Keeping Mr. Right Now|I mean this is the kind of love people dream about, poets write sonnets for, and well it's the kind of love that keeps people from losing faith in humanity and encourages people to believe that true love still exists and it's still powerful and still wonderful. (Quote from a reviewer of Loving Lily Lavender)
Jessica Lee, Undying Desire|She was pure indulgence. Hot, liquid sin. That last piece of delectable chocolate cake you knew you should walk away from, but if you didn't have at least one more taste, life wouldn't be worth living.
Liz  Newman|She bought seeds and raided nurseries and mulched and composted and spent full days with her hands full of earth, coaxing life our of the dry, dull grass my father had spent years pushing a mower over.
Jared Brock, A Year of Living Prayerfully: How a Curious Traveler Met the Pope, Walked on Coals, Danced with Rabbis, and Revived His Prayer Life|I have two ways of loving You: A selfish one And another way that is worthy of You. In my selfish love, I remember You and You alone. In that other love, You lift the veil And let me feast my eyes on Your living face.
Keira Knightley|Jesus' own witness of sacrificial love and forgiveness, and his work to heal the sick and care for those in need, represent God's ways and vision for us.
Maite|Whatsume'er the failings on his part, Remember reader he were that good in his hart.
G.K. Chesterton|The confessor can nullify the exquisitely seasonable moment of confession by talking instead of listening. When he sees pedagogy and advice as more important than simple listening, he diverts the stream of confession.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|He got drunk as usual, but instead of drifting to sleep, he stayed up, and at a white heat, wrote what had been sitting on his heart for decades.
Toni Sorenson, Aligned By Christ|Knock. Pound on heaven’s door if you have to, but don’t give up. God hears all sincere prayers.
Brennan Manning|To me, forgiveness is the cornerstone of healing.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|So this is it ⎯ what cost me all that time. A man who turned out to be old, a house that turned out to be empty.
Ursula K. Le Guin|A lot of people still maintain genre prejudice. I still meet matrons who tell me kindly that their children enjoyed my books but of course they never read them, and people who make sure I know they don’t read that space-ship stuff. No, no, they read Literature—realism. Like The Help, or Fifty Shades of Grey.
Patrick Califia-Rice, Some Women|Prostitution, perversion, and pornography are intertwined with independence and radical politics in the history of outstanding women. Radclyffe Hall, Colette, Anaïs Nin, Kate Millett, Erica Jong--all of these women used the money they made from writing about sexuality to make it possible for them to live as rebels, dykes, feminists, artists, or whatever deviant and defiant identities they assumed.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Creativity is not so much a boundless well, but an all-you-can-eat buffet of elements for your creative endeavor.Eventually you've eaten your fill, and it's time to digest and then make something.But at some point, it will be time to return to the restaurant.
David Gemmell, Legend|All things that live must die. Man alone it seems lives all his life in the knowledge of death. And yet there is more to life than merely waiting for death. For life to have meaning, there must be a purpose. A man must pass something on – otherwise he is useless. For most men, that purpose revolves around marriage and children who will carry on his seed. For others it is an ideal – a dream, if you like. Each of us here believes in a concept of honor: that it is a man’s duty to do that which is right and just; that might alone is not enough. We have all transgressed at some time. We have stolen, lied, cheated – even killed – for our own ends. But ultimately we return to our beliefs. We judge ourselves more harshly than others can judge us. We know that death is preferable to betrayal of that which we hold dear.
Mohamed ElBaradei|My dad, being a businessman, constantly talked to me about carrying myself in a certain way and treating people with respect. And I think that's something that's carried over throughout my life. It's how I deal with certain situations.
Steve Shallenberger, Becoming Your Best: The 12 Principles of Highly Successful Leaders|Still, it was vision, or at least vision’s idiot cousin.
Steve Maraboli|Dads, no matter your relationship with your kid’s mom, honor her this weekend. Mother’s Day isn’t about you or drama. It’s about her and her impact on your ids. Be grateful. Celebrate her… and if you can’t get out of your own way, do it for your kids.
A.A. Milne|Promise me you'll never forget me because if I thought you would, I'd never leave.
Steven Mithen, The Prehistory of the Mind: The Cognitive Origins of Art, Religion and Science|The two centrepieces of social intelligence are the possession of extensive social knowledge about other individuals, in terms of knowing who allies and friends are, and the ability to infer the mental states of those individuals.
