Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|What is life but God's daring invitation to a remarkable journey? And what is human nature but a staunchly inbred tendency toward self-preservation? And because of the rigidly paradoxical nature of these things, the road of life is seldom trod beyond a few scant steps.
Kamand Kojouri|You only feel powerless because your fear has given your power to the object of your fear. Once you realise this, you can claim it back.
Jessica Valenti, The Purity Myth: How America's Obsession with Virginity is Hurting Young Women|If you spend any amount of time doing media analysis, it’s clear that the most frenzied moral panic surrounding young women’s sexuality comes from the mainstream media, which loves to report about how promiscuous girls are, whether they’re acting up on spring break, getting caught topless on camera, or catching all kinds of STIs. Unsurprisingly, these types of articles and stories generally fail to mention that women are attending college at the highest rates in history, and that we’re the majority of undergraduate and master’s students. Well-educated and socially engaged women just don’t make for good headlines, it seems.
Jonathan Ive|I always felt called to serve, to empower and ennoble as many people as I could, teaching, truth-telling, exposing lies, bearing witness, and being willing to live and die for something bigger than yourself. I had a passion and love of learning and wisdom that was inseparable from a love of music and the arts.
Aleatha Romig, Convicted|Those who have trusted where they ought not,will surely mistrust where they ought not."-Marie von Ebnuer-Eschenbach
Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook|Stupidity alone can sometimes be tolerable, but when you add arrogance to the mix, you then become a stupid bitch.
Giacomino Nicolazzo, Terra d'Amore. Sojourners|But still, no matter how much time passes, no matter what takes place in the interim, there are some things we can never assign to oblivion, memories we can never rub away.
John C. Maxwell|By action and reaction do we become strong or weak, according to the character of our thoughts and mental states. Fear is the deadly nightshade of the mind.
Peter Jackson|'Cars 2' is about a character learning to be himself. There's times in our lives where people always say, 'Well, you've gotta act differently. You should always be yourself.' That's the emotional core of the story.
Kathleen Kent, The Heretic's Daughter|There is no death in remembrance. Remember me, Sarah. Remember me, and a part of me will always be with you." - Martha Carrier to her daughter, Sarah Carrier
Steve Jobs|Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life.
Sarvesh Murthi .D .D|From this moment forth, my sword shall be with you and your fate shall be with me.
Heidi Klum|I had a number of very strong personalities in my family. My father was a concert flutist, the solo flute for Toscanini.
Sarah Addison Allen, Garden Spells|The truth is, what you do matters. What you do today matters. What you do every day matters. Successful people just do the things that seem to make no difference in the act of doing them and they do them over and over and over until the compound effect kicks in.
Henry David Thoreau|It is not that we love to be alone, but that we love to soar, and when we do soar, the company grows thinner and thinner until there is none at all. …We are not the less to aim at the summits though the multitude does not ascend them.
Darnell Lamont Walker|When you look back at that relationship you didn't think you could live without and realize had you stayed in it, you'd be some comfortable loser, sitting on the couch with another comfortable loser, instead of being the dope motherfucker you are today.
Robert Graves, Poems 1965-1968|When the immense drugged universe explodesIn a cascade of unendurable colourAnd leaves us gasping naked,This is no more than the ectasy of chaos:Hold fast, with both hands, to that royal loveWhich alone, as we know certainly, restoresFragmentation into true being.Ecstasy of Chaos
Daniel José Older, Salsa Nocturna: Stories|A scar isn't about the injury, it's about the healing.
Jim Cymbala, Fresh Faith: What Happens When Real Faith Ignites God's People|Satan wants us to focus on the problem, not the Provider. He constantly points to what seems to be rather than to what God has promised to do. If we stop spending time with the Lord in prayer, the concerns of the physical world snatch our attention and dominate us, while the spiritual senses deaden and the promises fade.I am absolutely convinced that the number one reason that Christians today don't pray more is because we do not grasp the connection between prayer and the promises of God. We are trying as individuals and churches to pray 'because we're supposed to' without a living faith in the promises of God concerning prayer. No faith life of any significance can be maintained by this 'ought-to' approach. There must be faith in God at the bottom....When real faith in God arises, a certainty comes that when we call, he will answer...that when we ask, we will receive...that when we knock, the door will be opened...
Jeremy Camp, I Still Believe|The better you get, the better you better get.
Andy Andrews|My life - my personality, my habits, even my speech - is a combination of the books I choose to read, the people I choose to listen to, and the thoughts I choose to tolerate in my mind
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|As we witness the death of departed souls, other people will observe our departure from the world.
Tom Wopat|I enjoy trying to inspire myself. I enjoy the artistic side of everything. Music, art, fashion, everything. I just like to be on the cutting edge of it. I'm into designing houses and interior design. I like change. I like creating things out of nothing.
Trevor D. Richardson, Dystopia Boy: The Unauthorized Files|The thing is that when you find true love.... it lives on.No matter if you two seperate but the love stays alive; broken, gasping for breath, love and affection, but in agony, waiting for everything to end. But Sadly, It lives on... in memories and thought's.
Jules Verne|Friend," replied Michael Strogoff, "Heaven reward thee for all thou hast done for me!""Only fools expect reward on earth," replied the mujik.
Yesenia Barkley|As incredible as it seemed, time kept moving forward for the rest of the world.The rest of the world that wasn't waiting.
Keith Dussia|Because we are all connected, we are meant to share our "story" with the world. It strengthens both the story teller and the listener.
Jayme K., Disorderly|Life is like a dry handjob. Just when it starts getting good, it’s already over.
Tommy Douglas|As people are walking all the time, in the same spot, a path appears.
Robert J. Sawyer|The ancient Jewish people gave the world the vision of eternal peace, of universal disarmament, of abolishing the teaching and learning of war.
Paige Tyler, Wolf Unleashed|He lowered his head until his lips hovered centimeters above hers. This was the moment he craved. This heated moment – each of them lingering, waiting, wanting. He loved the excitement of the build-up almost as much as the conquest itself. As he’d told her many times, the greater the anticipation, the sweeter the reward.
RVM|Everyday there will be an opportunity to Frown or to Smile, to Drown or to Dance, to be Sad or to be Glad. It's a Choice!
Louis Farrakhan|Once you do away with the idea of people as fixed, static entities, then you see that people can change, and there is hope.
Latika Teotia|It was flawless, correct, and beautiful. 'This is mine,' he said to himself. He felt tears well up in his eyes, tears of joy. Oh, what a blessing it was to be a man, to create, to labor and produce such a great thing - to be alive! It was a splendid thing he had done! He rose from his desk and looked down on the neat pile of paper before him with a smile and eyes narrowed in fierce, immaculate greed. He raised his arms in triumph, fists clenched, and laughed once. What a glorious thing is pride! It is almost an end in itself! No wonder churchmen preached against it! A truly proud man is not to be found in their flocks of souls humbled by the rumor of a great invisible wizard and the inexplicable! If it is a sin to feel such pride, then it is a sin to be a man!
Iain Reid, One Bird's Choice|We all know writing is a reclusive, lonely endeavour. It just is. But nobody writes alone.
Koushun Takami, Battle Royale|as they die, the ones we love, we lose our witnesses, our watchers, those who know and understand the tiny little meaningless patterns, those words drawn in water with a stick. And there is nothing left but the endless flow.
Donna Brazile|When you write, it's just a much more crystalline, compressed version of the voice you think with - though not the one you speak with. I think your writing voice is your laser-guided missile. It's the poetry part of you.
Charles Stanley|Where mercy, love, and pity dwell, there God is dwelling too.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Breakfast of Champions|The planet was being destroyed by manufacturing processes, and what was being manufactured was lousy, by and large.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Call him Voldemort, Harry. Always use the proper name for things. Fear of a name increases fear of the thing itself.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|If he sees you unclothed, I will have to kill him," he spoke in her ear. She didn't know if she should believe him or not, but she took no chances. "Tell him to leave, then," she said calmly but sternly.
James Rozoff|Life is like a box of chocolates: You get through what little actual good stuff there is right away, then you constantly fool yourself into believing there's still something good in whatever's left.
Hugh Hefner|The heart of marriage is memories; and if the two of you happen to have the same ones and can savor your reruns, then your marriage is a gift from the gods.
Natsuki Takaya, Fruits Basket, Vol. 22|It's lonely to say goodbye. Very lonely. Please. Cry with me. Maybe there's nothing we can do about this. But at least, for now...cry with me. Like your entire body...is screaming at the sky. Like it's raging against the world. I lost something. And I don't have a single guarantee. The fear of living in this world again after that...I have only a shred of hope to sustain me. So I want you at least...to cry. Cry. Cry with me. Like the day you were first born into this world.
Kcat Yarza, KCAT CAN: I have a pen that writes|I have learned that friendship without faith is useless. Friendship entails faith in oneself that you’ll remain loyal to this bond, and faith in your friends that you will be there for them at all times. The most important of all is the biggest faith in God and in making Him the center of all our relationships.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Till you see only yourself behind yourself as your greatest supporter, you will never feel that you are a very strong person!
William Faulkner|Men love liberty because it protects them from control and humiliation from others, and thus affords them the possibility of dignity. They loathe liberty because it throws them back on their own abilities and resources, and thus confronts them with the possibility of insignificance.
Kristoffer Polaha|I loved to do sports when I was young. We were on a family holiday and went sailing. I just loved it. And there, you can say, life began to change for me.
Thomas Hardy|Is a woman a thinking unit at all, or a fraction always wanting its integer?
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|As a teenager, I began to question the Great Christian Sorting System. My gay friends in high school were kind and funny and loved me, so I suspected that my church had placed them in the wrong category... Injustices in the world needed to be addressed and not ignored. Christians weren't good; people who fought for peace and justice were good. I had been lied to, and in my anger at being lied to about the containers, I left the church. But it turns out, I hadn't actually escaped the sorting system. I had just changed the labels.
Thomas Aquinas, Summa Theologiae: A Concise Translation|Causes of individuals presuppose causes of the species, which are not univocal yet not wholly equivocal either, since they are expressing themselves in their effects. We could call them analogical. In language too all universal terms presuppose the non-univocal analogical use of the term *being*.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables: Anne Shirley Series #1|We resent the thought that anything can please us when someone we love is no longer here to share the pleasure with us, and we almost feel as if we were unfaithful to our sorrow when we find out interest in life returning to us.
Corneliu Codreanu|I think a part of me wanted to keep them, because it was a sign of my journey––where I'd been and how far I'd come. But, I don't need the physical reminder." ~Holliday
Chet Raymo, The Soul of the Night: An Astronomical Pilgrimage|You know what the best part of the stars is?""What's that?""They're the same no matter what sky you're standing under. I mean...yeah, they might move or look like they're in a different place, but they're the same stars.""Yeah? So?""So even if you're apart from someone you want to be with, you can look up at the stars and know they're looking at the same ones.
Rumi|The thing to do, it seems to me, is to prepare yourself so you can be a rainbow in somebody else's cloud. Somebody who may not look like you. May not call God the same name you call God - if they call God at all. I may not dance your dances or speak your language. But be a blessing to somebody. That's what I think.
John Zea|SUICIDE... Is to have the freedom to choose; when, where and how to die.
Amy Lane, Chase in Shadow|Jacob: "Let her stare."Terra: "What?"Jacob: "Yeah most of the starers are just curious. Smile back. That's what I used to do.
Mehmet Murat ildan|For those who wander in the depths, there is nothing deep!
Shahid Khan|I do speak Mandarin, and I also relate to the hunger that China has for culture and architecture and style.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|The modern habit of doing ceremonial things unceremoniously is no proof of humility; rather it proves the offender's inability to forget himself in the rite, and his readiness to spoil for every one else the proper pleasure of ritual.
Terry Goodkind, Wizard's First Rule|I will have to admit, though, that I will never look at an apple in quite the same way.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|You think too much of your "toilette", Adele; but you may have a flower." I took a rose from a vase and fastened it in her sash. She sighed a sign of ineffable satisfaction, as if her cup of happiness were now full. I turned my face away to conceal a smile I could not suppress; there was something ludicrous as well as painful in the little Parisienne's earnest and innate devotion to matters of dress.
Warren Spector|I am a control freak, but not when I travel. For some reason when I travel, I am able to surrender more than in my real life. I am able to let go. I think it's why I like it so much.
Sherry Thomas, The Immortal Heights|We are all going to die soon. Do you really wish to waste time being angry at me?""Yes. I remain an unrepentant optimist. If i see that I am about to die, or you, I will forgive you. But not until then, you bastard.
C.S. Lewis|There was a great deal of progress being made, right under their noses, particularly in Africa, and this progress was good. Life was much harder for tyrants than it had been before.
Alex Flinn, Beastly|O, that he were here to write me down an ass! But, masters, remember, that I am an ass; though it be not written down, yet forget not that I am an ass.
Kenneth Eade, An Involuntary Spy|Their lips met with a tender and powerful force. At that point, they melted into each other and Seth felt a flush of sensations over his entire being. Hands wandered naturally, and each caress became more exciting and pleasurable. Where the body ended and the soul began was a mystery in this ancient game of combinations.
Ralph Thomas Walker|Generally, social networking sites can be hugely promising and beneficial in opening new friendships and vistas and knowledge of the world, but they are also fraught with peril, when young people are reckless or headless.
Christina Engela, Other Kids Are Kids Almost Just Like You|But not all kids are exactly the same,Even when they share the same name.
Sarah Kay|Such a little thing really, a kiss... most people don't give it a moment's consideration. They kiss on meeting, they kiss on parting, that simple touching of flesh is taken entirely for granted as a basic human right.
Olivia Majors|Fiction should be in its way subversive. I don't think books should be neat or gentle or genteel or comforting. I think they should be raw. They should be written as perfectly as possible, but what they do is to stir up, to lance the reader.
Peter Santos, Everything I Wanted To Know About Spirituality But Didn't Know How To Ask: A Spiritual Seekers Guidebook|With the act of marriage the situation frequently changes fundamentally. The marriage contract gives each partner the exclusive possession of the other's bo dy, feelings, and care. Nobody has to be won over any more, because love has become something one has, a property. The two cease to make the effort to be lovable and to produce love, hence they become boring, and hence their beauty disappears. They are disappointed and puzzled. Are they not the same persons any more? With the act of marriage the situation frequently changes fundamentally. The marriage contract gives each partner the exclusive possession of the other's body, feelings, and care. Nobody has to be won over any more, because love has become something one has, a property. The two cease to make the effort to be lovable and to produce love, hence they become boring, and hence their beauty disappears. They are disappointed and puzzled. Are they not the same persons any more? Did they make a mistake in the first place? Each usually seeks the cause of the change in the other and feels defrauded. What they do not see is that they no longer are the same people they were when they were in love with each other; that the error that one can have love has led them to cease loving. Now, instead of loving each other, they settle for owning together what they have: money , social standing, a home, children. Thus, in some cases, the marriage initiated on the basis of love becomes transformed into a friendly ownership, a corporation in which the two egotism are pooled into one: that of the "family.Did they make a mistake in the first place? Each usually seeks the cause of the change in the other and feels defrauded.What they do not see is that they no longer are the same people they were when they were in love with each other; that the error that one can have love has led them to cease loving. Now, instead of loving each other, they settle for owning together what they have: money , social standing, a home, children. Thus, in some cases, the marriage initiated on the basis of love becomes transformed into a friendly ownership, a corporation in which the two egotism are pooled into one: that of the "family
Tahereh Mafi, Ignite Me|Kengi?""Yeah?"I take a deep breath. Try to count the stars. "What am I going to do?""About what?"I hesitate. "About everything."Kenji makes a strange sound. "Shit if I know.""I don't want to do this without you," I whisper.He leans back. "Who said you're going to do anything without me?"My heart skips a few beats. I stare at him."What?" he asks. Raises his eyebrows. "You're surprised?""You'll fight with me?" I ask him, hardly breathing. "Fight back with me? Even if it's with Warner?"Kenji smiles. Looks up at the sky. "Hell yeah," he says. "Really?""I'm here for you, kid. That's what friends are for.
Luke F.D. Marsden, Wondering, the Way is Made: A South American Odyssey|Travelling the dusty highways in the early evenings, just as the light began to fade, I would look out along the perpendicular dirt tracks that joined the road at intervals. They undulated away gently into the distance; slow streams of people in twos and threes and fours walked them, through the haze, talking easily, making their way back from wherever lay beyond. I longed to take every one of these turnings, to step out along every track in the morning, to return at dusk, to see what lay over each of these horizons and to share in the stories of those that returned from them. My trajectory, and that of each one of us, was that of a meteor, shedding millions of tiny sparks of possibility with every passing second, each with the capacity to ignite a flash of experience, but nearly all of which quickly burned up and vanished as it was left behind. The fire that moved forward was the flame of our lives.
Patricia A. McKillip, Alphabet of Thorn|...that once were urgent and necessary for an orderly world and now were buried away, gathering dust and of no use to anyone.
Marcel Proust, Jean Santeuil|Respect, I think, always implies imagination - the ability to see one another, across our inevitable differences, as living souls.
Balqis Suja', Islamic Librarianship and Malaysian Islamic Libraries|For one crazy moment he had the notion of a vanished tribe of librarians, lost in the deep underground caverns of the Bodleian, a wild and savage tribe that fed on unwary travellers.
Harriet Ann Jacobs|The Constitution provides for freedom of religion, not freedom from religion.
David Ben-Gurion|Faith that it's not always in your hands or things don't always go the way you planned, but you have to have faith that there is a plan for you, and you must follow your heart and believe in yourself no matter what.
Patrick Phillips|There's no end. There's no endto this world, everlasting.We crumble to dust in its arms.
Craig Brown|Jealousy is the tie that binds, and binds, and binds.
Kim Clement|God doesn't act like the Church. No, instead, the Church must act like God.
Amit Kalantri|With some money in your pocket you walk confidently, you talk confidently and you work confidently.
Jennifer L. Lane, Faith Adventures: Stories of Learning with an Unseen God|How can you know God if you don't seek out his voice, find it, and learn to follow the path he is leading you on
Stephen Richards, Scottish Hard Bastards|Brian ‘The Tax Man’ Cockerill - While I’m mentioning drug dealers, I have to give a mention to a man hated by the peddlers of soul destroying stuff, big Brian ‘The Tax Man’ Cockerill (AKA as Scot’s Brian), born on 16 December 1964 in Coatbridge, in Lanarkshire, at 6ft 3in, with 23 stone of rock solid muscle, his awesome power has made him a truly terrifying force in Britain’s underworld. A walking colossus, anyone who gets in his way and tries to stay there had better be ready for the hiding of their life.
Zac Goldsmith|By uploading 40 years of 'Ecologist' editions online, we will be creating the world's most extensive ecological archive. 'The Ecologist' will continue to set the environmental and political agenda here and abroad.
Marcus Samuelsson|Neighborhoods and communities are complex organisms that will be resilient only if they are healthy along a number of interrelated dimensions, much as a human body cannot be healthy without adequate air, water, rest, and food.
Anna Bayes|Always, every now and then, I had given her a hard time, just to keep her in line. Every once in a while a woman seems to need, in fact wants this too.
Solange Knowles|The wisdom of the crowds has peaked. Web 3.0 is taking what we've built in Web 2.0 - the wisdom of the crowds - and putting an editorial layer on it of truly talented, compensated people to make the product more trusted and refined.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Unless you close your door to other ideas, you will never remain idealess!
Charles Darwin|It is their mores, then, that make the Americans of the United States...capable of maintaining the rule of democracy.... Too much importance is attached to laws and too little to mores.... I am convinced that the luckiest of geographical circumstances and the best of laws cannot maintain a constitution in spite of mores, whereas the latter can turn even the most unfavorable circumstances...to advantage.... If I have not succeeded in making the reader feel the importance I attach to the practical experience of the Americans, to their habits, laws, and, in a word, their mores, I have failed in the main object of my work. -Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in American
Tony Dovale|Leaders #1 job is to help their people, teams, leadership, and culture, to be #FutureFit...by supporting People, Planet & Profits, in a Consciously Constructive Revolutionary Workplace... today.
J.M. Roberts, The New Penguin History of The World|The pessimists believe that the cosmos is a clock that is running down; the progressives believe it is a clock that they themselves are winding up. But I happen to believe that the world is what we choose to make it, and that we are what we choose to make ourselves; and that our renascence or our ruin will alike, ultimately and equally, testify with a trumpet to our liberty.- The Illustrated London News, July 10, 1920 Issue.
Alessia Cara|Early on, when my wife and I were dating, we went to the grocery store, and I told her that sometimes I just buy birthday cakes, and I eat them. And she said: 'Really? I do, too.'
Jodi Picoult, Mercy|Three months ago, if you asked me, I would have told you that if you really loved someone, you’d let them go. But now I look at you, and I dreamed about Maggie, and I see that I’ve been wrong. If you really love someone, Allie, I think you have to take them back.
Idries Shah, Caravan of Dreams|Saying of the ProphetDesireDesire not the world, and God will love you. Desire not what others have, and they will love you.
Alanis Morissette|The math is dead simple: it seems that the frequency of planets able to support life is roughly one percent. In other words, a billion or more such worlds exist in our galaxy alone. That's a lot of acreage, and it takes industrial-strength credulity to believe it's all bleakly barren.
Joyce Meyer|Every man has his own courage, and is betrayed because he seeks in himself the courage of other persons.
Cameron Conaway, Caged: Memoirs of a Cage-Fighting Poet|Every criminal would be an artist if he had the talent, and every artist would become a criminal if he had the guts.
Donna Lynn Hope|I'd rather know a man's sincerity than his love. Whereas I have never needed the latter, one can always count on the former.
Ken Calvert|History is the story of events, with praise or blame.
Victoria Scott, The Collector|Don’t do that? This is your sage advice?”“Yeah.” He burped and blew it out the side of his mouth. “Sorry, the burritos we had for lunch are kinda comin’ back on me.
Padma Lakshmi, Love, Loss, and What We Ate: A Memoir|It turns out there is something worse than attending a wedding where you don't know anyone: attending a wedding where you know six people, and they are all your ex-husband's best friends.
Robert Hughes|The greater the artist, the greater the doubt. Perfect confidence is granted to the less talented as a consolation p
Miranda July, No One Belongs Here More Than You|Ask them, then. ...Ask them when there's no heat in their homes and they're cold. Ask them when their engines stop. Ask them, when people who have never known hunger start going hungry. You want to know something? They won't want us to ask them. They'll just want us to get it.
Anderson, Christie|The flower was delicate and untouched. It possessed the potential to inspire, to serve a purpose. Yet there it lay, helpless on a disheveled plank of timber; somber, drifting, and alone. Nature meant it to live with color, swaying in the breeze and surrounded by life. But it did not uplift. It did not bring cheer as it should, drained of all light it once held. Where was the inspired affection? The friendship? The love? There was none. Darkness condemned the innocent to despair.
Sarah MacLean, Nine Rules to Break When Romancing a Rake|Sukey's approving glance swept over Amanda's black evening dress, made of shimmering crinkled silk that had been cut very low across the bosom and fitted tightly to her voluptuous shape. Rows of glittering jet beads adorned the bodice and long sleeves, while her gloves and shoes were of soft chamois leather. It was a sophisticated ensemble, one that made the most of Amanda's looks and generously displayed her bosom.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|Ma was heavy, but not fat; thick with child-bearing and work. She wore a loose Mother Hubbard of gray cloth in which there had once been colored flowers, but the color was washed out now, so that the small flowered pattern was only a little lighter gray than the background. The dress came down to her ankles, and he strong, broad, bare feet moved quickly and deftly over the floor. Her thin, steel-gray hair was gathered in a sparse wispy knot at the back of her head. Strong, freckled arms were bare to the elbow, and her hands were chubby and delicate, like those of a plump little girl. She looked out into the sunshine. Her full face was not soft; it was controlled, kindly. Her hazel eyes seemed to have experienced all possible tragedy and to have mounted pain and suffering like steps into a high calm and a superhuman understanding. She seemed to know, to accept, to welcome her position, the citadel of the family, the strong place that could not be taken. And since old Tom and the children could not know hurt or fear unless she acknowledged hurt and fear, she had practiced denying them in herself. And since, when a joyful thing happened, they looked to see whether joy was on her, it was her habit to build up laughter out of inadequate materials. But better than joy was calm. Imperturbability could be depended upon. And from her great and humble position in the family she had taken dignity and a clean calm beauty. From her position as healer, her hands had grown sure and cool and quiet; from her position as arbiter she had become as remote and faultless in judgment as a goddess. She seemed to know that if she swayed the family shook, and if she ever really deeply wavered or despaired the family would fall, the family will to function would be gone.
Penelope Douglas, Punk 57|She can be a nightmare, but this still feels better than any dream.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Angel's Game|It's possible, and I stress possible, that such a moment may never come: you may not fall in love, you may not be able to or you may not wish to give your whole life to anyone, and, like me, you may turn forty-five one day and realize that you're no longer young and you have never found a choir of cupids with lyres or a bed of white roses leading to the altar. The only revenge left for you then will be to steal from life the pleasure of firm and passionate flesh - a pleasure that evaporates faster than good intentions and is the nearest thing to heaven you will find in this stinking world where everything decays, beginning with beauty and ending with memory.
Ron Paul, Liberty Defined: 50 Essential Issues That Affect Our Freedom|If two parties with two sets of bad ideas cooperate, the result is not good policy, but policy that is extremely bad. What we really need are correct economic and politcal ideas, regardless of the party that pushes them.
Dora J. Arod, Love quotes for the ages. And the ageless sages.|I’m a fake fact factory. The things I make are the things I make up. Also, as a side business, I make love. Actually, I just made that up.
Naomi Wolf, Promiscuities|I've been called promiscuous. Not a pretty word, is it? Makes you think of the gloop that comes out of your nose or what comes up your throat when you're gagging, if you're trying to swallow down something you didn't necessarily mean to swallow. Promiscuous: your face has to pucker when you say it.I prefer to think of myself as an adventurer. Charting the souls of so many of god's creatures, and of the floaty beings that populate the land of notions. It's a job. It's a calling. It takes strong thigh muscles, intelligence, cunning, a good pair of boots. It takes heart, in fact. The heart to stay on. To not be defeated.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|Sydney, don't leave Adrian because of me.""It's more complicated than that," I said automatically."It's really not," she said. "From everything I've seen and heard, you're just afraid. You've always controlled every detail of your life. When you couldn't-like with the Alchemists-you found a way to seize back that control.""There is nothing wrong with wanting control," I snapped."Except that we can't always have it, and sometimes that is a good thing. A great thing, even," she added. "And that's how it is with Adrian. No matter how hard you try, you aren't going to be able to control your feelings for him. You can't help loving him, and so you're running away. I'm just an excuse.
sstaas, You, With The Head Down|At the beginning, I thought the best Islamic work was in Spain - the mosque in Cordoba, the Alhambra in Granada. But as I learned more, my ideas shifted. I traveled to Egypt, and to the Middle East many times.I found the most wonderful examples of Islamic work in Cairo, it turns out. I'd visited mosques there before, but I didn't see them with the same eye as I did this time. They truly said something to me about Islamic architecture.
Debasish Mridha|You must have a definite purpose of life. To reach that purpose, you must be flexible.
Donna Leon|Plunderous is the palate I gift to you, openly I hug the universe of our friendship expanding its outer limit.
Elizabeth Alder, The King's Shadow|There is no magic herb that makes a brave man. Courage is knowing that what you do is necessary. Don't doubt yourself, Shadow. There is more valor in your heart than you realize.
Oche Otorkpa, The Unseen Terrorist|Drug cartels have taken the driver’s seat, training our youngmen and women on how best to self destruct, while the largercommunity watches on helplessly as these bands of renegades leadour people towards the path of self annihilation
Jennifer Silverwood, Silver Hollow|Looks like my superpowers don’t come with automatic manicures, thank heaven. I hate long nails.
Angela Thirkell, Wild Strawberries|...And of course they'll get their milk from us, because Gooch's milk in the village really can't be trusted. I do hope, Henry, the vicarage drains are all right if Martin is to go there, because the French are rather vague about drains.''Yes, but darling, they aren't bringing their drains with them'...
Frank Herbert|Even if I know I shall never change the masses, never transform anything permanent, all I ask is that the good things also have their place, their refuge.
Mark Zero, The French Art of Revenge|And I had just kissed my ex-girlfriend, who had cried, while my current girlfriend was in jail. So far, it had not been my best day.
Kate Rooper, Jane Unwrapped|Teachers influence more by what they are, what they do, what they represent and what they believe than by what they teach and preach.
Brad Bird|Deployable structures have a key role to play in enabling new satellite constellations, particularly with regards to size and weight constraints, and Oxford Space Systems' suite of products will allow their customers to build much greater capability into much smaller satellites.
G.K. Chesterton, The Superstition of Divorce|It is often said by the critics of Christian origins that certain ritual feasts, processions or dances are really of pagan origin. They might as well say that our legs are of pagan origin. Nobody ever disputed that humanity was human before it was Christian; and no Church manufactured the legs with which men walked or danced, either in a pilgrimage or a ballet. What can really be maintained, so as to carry not a little conviction, is this: that where such a Church has existed it has preserved not only the processions but the dances; not only the cathedral but the carnival. One of the chief claims of Christian civilisation is to have preserved things of pagan origin.
Henry James, Madame de Mauves|A beautiful white silk scarf was around her neck, tucked below the fur collar. Her lips were well painted into a bright red cupid’s bow. Cute as hell I always told myself, with a tinge of regret. She had a steady girlfriend.
William Bateson, Mendel's Principles of Heredity|Evidently neither cats nor dogs, nor other animals that listen to human music, were constituted for the appreciation of it, for it is not of the slightest use to them in the struggle for existence. Moreover, they and their organs of hearing were much older than man and his music. Their power of appreciating music is therefore an uncontemplated side-faculty of a hearing apparatus which has become on other grounds what we find it to be. So it is, I believe, with man. He has not acquired his musical hearing as such, but has received a highly developed organ of hearing by a process of selection, because it was necessary to him in the selective process ; and this organ of hearing happens also to be adapted to listening to music.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|It occurred to Anita that hatred and dislike and even indifference were all luxuries, born of the mistaken belief that anything could last forever.
Liv Tyler|Out of all my friends, I believe I'm the only kid whose dad made us work to cut rebars; we laid bricks in construction sites and did other real work every summer for minimum wage. Our dad said that it's important in the future that when we tell people to dig a hole, that you personally know how long it will take to dig that hole.
Meir Shalev, A Pigeon and a Boy|A woman has to look good, but a man—a little bit nicer looking than a monkey is enough.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Ignorance is a very useful weapon in the hands of the devil against humanity, especially Christians.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|It's by understanding me, and the boys, and mother, that you have helped me. I expect that is the only way one person ever really can help another.
Amit Kalantri|Without emotion, what's the point of being human?
Димитър Димов, Тютюн|Тя усети изведнъж, че все пак нещо й липсваше през този дъждовен пролетен ден, нещо, от което бе имала нужда винаги, но което прогниваше съзнателно, за да не я върне към миналото й. Тя го усети внезапно и бурно. Това вече не беше той, а само вълнението, което изпитваше към него, само сълзите и радостта, с които някога я изпълваше той.
Ernest Hemingway, 88 Poems|If my Valentine you won't be,I'll hang myself on your Christmas tree.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Superficial cannot discover the deep, because both live in different levels and likewise the deep cannot meet the deepest! Change your level to reach at different levels!
Tim Dorsey, Electric Barracuda|She wasn’t just a faithful friend, she was the closest thing to heaven I allowed myself to know. Through her I received joy in my heart and began to love others.
Alan Hollinghurst, The Line of Beauty|After that they browsed for a minute or two in a semi-detached fashion. Nick found a set of Trollope which had a relatively modest and approachable look among the rest, and took down The Way We Live Now, with an armorial bookplate, the pages uncut. “What have you found there?” said Lord Kessler, in a genially possessive tone. “Ah, you’re a Trollope man, are you?”	“I’m not sure I am, really,” said Nick. “I always think he wrote too fast. What was it Henry James said, about Trollope and his ‘great heavy shovelfuls of testimony to constituted English matters’?”	Lord Kessler paid a moment’s wry respect to this bit of showing off, but said, “Oh, Trollope’s good. He’s very good on money.”	“Oh…yes…” said Nick, feeling doubly disqualified by his complete ignorance of money and by the aesthetic prejudice which had stopped him from ever reading Trollope. “To be honest, there’s a lot of him I haven’t yet read.”	“No, this one is pretty good,” Nick said, gazing at the spine with an air of judicious concession. Sometimes his memory of books he pretended to have read became almost as vivid as that of books he had read and half forgotten, by some fertile process of auto-suggestion. He pressed the volume back into place and closed the gilded cage.
Janine Turner|To permit this gross new revelation to fade, or be forgiven, would be to devalue our most essential standard of what constitutes the unpardonable. And for what? For the reputation of a man who turns out to be not even a Holocaust denier but a Holocaust affirmer. There has to be a moral limit, and either this has to be it or we must cease pretending to ourselves that we observe one.
Ethan Day, Life in Fusion|Jackie had now changed her tune, clinging to me as if she liked it. “I’m irresistible, brother, he’s swapping sides for me.”“I can’t fight it any longer,” I said, nonchalantly.Wade shook his head at us. “I’ll be sure to pass this news along to your husband, sis.”“He can have the kids,” Jackie said, causing everyone to chuckle.“We insist,” I tossed in.
Srinivas Shenoy|No one is materialistic by birth. It the loneliness of that person which makes him, love things that can never love him back.
Margaret Way, The Girl at Cobalt Creek|Yet man is born unto trouble, as the sparks fly upward.
Edward Humes, No Matter How Loud I Shout: A Year in the Life of Juvenile Court|Is it always in the interest of the public safety to seek the prosecutor's traditional solution -- the harshest penalty possible? Or is the public best served by finding ways to change a kid's lot in life for the better, even if that means opening the prison door?
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|You could study the connections for years and never work it out-it was all about things coming together,things falling apart,time warp, my mother standing out in front of the museum when time flickered and the light went funny, uncertainties hovering on the edge of a vast brightness. the stray chance that might, or might not, change everything.
Eldridge Cleaver|Surely the day will come when color means nothing more than the skin tone, when religion is seen uniquely as a way to speak one's soul, when birth places have the weight of a throw of the dice and all men are born free, when understanding breeds love and brotherhood.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Your mind fuels the state of your soul, spirit and body.
Morgan Matson, Since You've Been Gone|It’s okay to cry, ya know. Hearts don’t break quietly.
Rosaria Champagne Butterfield, The Secret Thoughts of an Unlikely Convert: An English Professor's Journey Into Christian Faith|the desire to be near the beloved object is at first not due to the idea of possessing it, but simply to let the two experiences compare themselves, like reflections in different mirrors... For from here love degenerates into habit, possession, and back to loneliness.
Christopher West, Heaven's Song|...the Pope vigorously upholds the real power of redemption to liberate the human heart from the domination of lust, calling men and women to a new "ethos.
Henry Adams|I am always exhausted; I am always trying to find more time to be with my family, which is why they travel with me so much.
Chinelo Okparanta, Happiness, Like Water|Woman lost (skin deep) like a damn fine thread in the fireWoman of the world caught up in your black machinationsI was a woman who cried alone at night, who gave it all away when she saw the good heart of the man insideWoman caught standing up; her open parts are broken -
Christine Feehan, Spirit Bound|They called each other family and that’s what they were—sisters. Many people in the world had family of the heart, kin by choice rather than by blood, and hers had come along in her darkest hour and saved her life.
Lauren Lola, An Absolute Mind|When I saw you in the hall with Darian,” he says at last, “I felt more angry than I’ve felt in a long time. I was angry and . . . and afraid, that you wanted to be there, that you wanted him touching you. In that one look, I felt more than I’ve ever felt with Caspida. Zahra, I think you’re right—love isn’t a choice. If I could choose to love Caspida, maybe this would all be going differently, but I don’t think that’s possible. Not anymore.”All the smoke inside me sinks as I stare at him. “What are you saying?”He turns and meets my gaze squarely. As much I want to, I find it impossible to look away. The intensity of his copper gaze holds me entranced.“I think you know,” he says softly. “Or am I the only one who feels it?
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|The thing is, If you try to market to everyone, then you successfully market to no one.
Initially NO, Percipience: Outside the Range of Understood Sense|I saw two birds having dangerously kinky sex on the main road, while several cars ran above them just missing the sparrows’ toss and tumble fly away. The couple survived to try it again next season on a railway line!
Bill Rancic|Investing in women's lives is an investment in sustainable development, in human rights, in future generations - and consequently in our own long-term national interests.
Astrid Lindgren, Pippi Goes on Board|it's definitely best for little children to have a regular life, especially if they can regulate it themselves.
Dean Cumings|For young adults,the growth from silly to serious can be very fast, indeed.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|We’re miserable because we think that we are mere individuals, alone with our fears and flaws and resentments and mortality. We wrongly believe that our limited little egos constitute our whole entire nature. We have failed to recognize our deeper divine character.
Soar|I will not impress you with words, I will prove to you their definition. It’s a genuine vocabulary.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|Men are not prisoners of fate, but only prisoners of their own minds.
Naomi Shihab Nye, Red Suitcase|Anyone who says, “Here’s my address,write me a poem,” deserves something in reply.So I’ll tell a secret instead:poems hide. In the bottoms of our shoes,they are sleeping. They are the shadowsdrifting across our ceilings the moment before we wake up. What we have to dois live in a way that lets us find them.
Terry Pratchett, The Shepherd's Crown|My knowledge of myself is direct, synthetic, from within outwards; my knowledge of other persons is indirect, analytical, from outside inwards. My knowledge of myself starts at the core; that of others at the crust.
José Saramago, Blindness|We all have our moments of weakness, just as well that we are capable of weeping, tears are often our salvation, there are times when we would die if we did not weep…
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|Friendship is something that gets harder to understand, every damn year of my life.Friendship is like a kind of algebra test that nobody passes. In my worst moods, I think the best you can say is that a friend is anyone you don't despise.
Brittany Weekley/Monroe Starr, The Secret Life of Thomas Commons|Some things can be recovered. Some things can be restored. But some lost things, we seek forever.
Jim Harrison, Legends of the Fall|Suits obviously had helped to promote bad government and he was as guilty as anyone for wearing them so steadfastly for twenty years. Of late he had become frightened of the government for the first time in his life, the way the structure of democracy had begun debasing people rather than enlivening them in their mutual concern. The structure was no longer concerned with the purpose for which it was designed, and a small part of the cause, Nordstrom thought, was probably that all politicians and bureaucrats wore suits.
Kathryn Minshew|As I've gotten to know myself over the years, I realised I'm kind of a sweet, sensitive guy, a shy guy, and communication is not something I'm so good at.
Ahmed Mostafa|Sinful and forbidden pleasures are like poisoned bread. They may satisfy appetite for the moment, but there is death in them at the end.
Anne Rice, The Mummy|when we are weary, we speak lovingly of dreams as if they embodied our true deisres-What we WOULD have when that which we DO have so sorely disappoints us
Eden Sher|I hate Christmas, really. I don't really give presents away or expect any.
Wallace Stegner, Wolf Willow|In general the assumption of all of us, child or adult, was that this was a new country and that a new country had no history. History was something that applied to other places.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Knowledge makes you strong,understanding makes you formidable,wisdom makes you powerful,and love makes you invincible.
Aporva Kala, Life... Love... Kumbh...|The blinking of eyes is an involuntary reflex action, provided they eyes are not watching your beauty.
Brian Eno|More enduringly than any other sport, wrestling teaches self-control and pride. Some have wrestled without great skill - none have wrestled without pride.
John Chamberlain, The Roots of Capitalism|This dog is mine," said those poor children; "that is my place in the sun." Here is the beginning and the image of the usurpation of all the earth.
Lailah GiftyAkita|Every one was born with a guardian angel.Guardian angels brightens our journey of life with divine love,protection,peace, healing,grace,strength and miracles.
Isabel Miller, Patience & Sarah|I never knew words could be so sharp, until the wrong ones cut me
John Kenneth Galbraith|I'm not an old, experienced hand at politics. But I am now seasoned enough to have learned that the hardest thing about any political campaign is how to win without proving that you are unworthy of winning.
Jeffrey Fry|Don't accentuate our differences,but instead focus on our similarities.
Dave Holland|Usually I design the lighting and when I have the physical set there, I'm not good at going out loosely and saying, 'Do you what you want, give it to the editor, and he'll figure it out.' I physically then walk on with the actors and I say, 'Let's walk until you guys feel the space works for you, and tell me when all that happens.'
Audre Lorde, Sister Outsider: Essays and Speeches|It may be expedient to take stock of all the affecting pieces that might shatter in the wake of an emotional earthquake, once red flags come up in a committed relationship and an overarching scene has to be fashioned for a recast life experience. ("Waiting for the pieces to fall into place")
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|The salt is to the food, what soul is to the body.
Hoda Kotb, Hoda: How I Survived War Zones, Bad Hair, Cancer, and Kathie Lee|I love music. For me, music is morning coffee. It's mood medicine. It's pure magic. A good song is like a good meal-I just want to inhale it and then share a bite with someone else.
Chuck Palahniuk|We all have the right of freedom of speech under the First Amendment. We all don't have to agree with one another on our opinions. Everyone in my circle, that I run around with, we all feel the same about God, country, integrity and character.
Karl Rahner, The Need and the Blessing of Prayer|When man is with God in awe and love, then he is praying.
Beverley Nichols, Down the Garden Path|It was not till I experimented with seeds plucked straight from a growing plant that I had my first success...the first thrill of creation...the first taste of blood. This, surely, must be akin to the pride of paternity...indeed, many soured bachelors would wager that it must be almost as wonderful to see the first tiny crinkled leaves of one's first plant as to see the tiny crinkled face of one's first child.
Ole Sarvig, The Sea Beneath My Window|Am I on my way toward that light? Are we always on our way toward the light like a shining blinding opening out of time and darkness? I ask myself as I walk on. I don't know where these words come from, because I'm not aware that I've ever had such thoughts before or that I've inherited such words. Is that what it's all about? Always under way? Always alone? Under way from this group in the half darkness, from these beings who will always follow us, never completely pale around us, no matter where we are, but who can be found around us in those closest to us, in those we meet, even if we travel across the sea...
George Clooney|Though narrative cohesion isn't the strength of 'Mean Girls,' which works better from scene to scene than as a whole, the intelligence shines in its understanding of contradictions, keeping a comic distance from the emotional investment of teenagers that defined 'Ridgemont High' and later the adolescent angst movies of John Hughes.
BJ the Chicago Kid|Mature love is composed and sustaining; a celebration of commitment, companionship, and trust.
Joel Furches, Christ-Centered Apologetics: Sharing the Gospel with Evidence|Atheism will appeal to psychology and sociology to explain human behavior, which is legitimate, but what explains human psychology? Atheism can only find explanatory power in evolution such that the mind is - paradoxically - a mindless organ that is forced to act according to its chemistry and cannot act otherwise.The fact that humans are capable of recognizing depravity in others, are offended by it, seek to reform it, feel guilt, and are capable of redemptive behavior all speak against this explanation.The fact that humans are capable of meta-cognition - thinking about thinking - and are therefore able to postulate their own mindlessness is counter-intuitive to say the least.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|He allowed himself to be swayed by his conviction that human beings are not born once and for all on the day their mothers give birth to them, but that life obliges them over and over again to give birth to themselves.
Tahir Shaz D|Knowing something is just something, until you apply your knowledge to make it everything.
Tom Holland|I looked to my mom as an example. And this is what I try to tell so many women: that my mom had a career, and she went to the gym. She took care of herself.
Shannon L. Alder|Your strength will be found when you stop struggling with yourself, instead of thinking everyone is a struggle worth overcoming. Every obstacle in life is a lesson that teaches us, not others.
Pierre Bayle|I've been completely fascinated with history because it tells everything about what's going to happen next because it's cyclical, everything repeats in general.
Stella Coulson, Whitby After Dark - Volume 1|A young man held a young woman in his arms, her head leaned to one side, her eyes empty and still. He was shadowed, but I saw that the figure was kissing the girl's neck. No that wasn't it. As I moved closer I saw what it was. She was unmoving, a statue, while he sucked on her bleeding neck. I was cold with fear, yet I moved closer ... mesmerised
Farshad Asl|There is always a journey to take and there is always a final destination to reach. There is always an aim and there is always a focal point, good or bad. Because of where we want to get to, we mind not just our actions, but the reasons behind our actions also!
John Milton|How soon hath Time, the subtle thief of youth,Stol'n on his wing my three-and-twentieth year!
Romain Grosjean|The culture is going into a psychological depression. We are concerned about our place in the world, about being competitive: Will my children have as much as I have? Will I ever own my own home? How can I pay for a new car? Are immigrants taking away my white world?
Katie Ruggle, In Safe Hands|As he waited for her, he braced himself for the sight of her, ready to turn out the light as soon as she reached her bed.	But when Daniela came in, she wasn’t wearing her nightgown. She returned from the bathroom in a bath towel. And then she locked the door behind her and dropped the towel. Drops of water glistened on her naked skin as if she’d been painted with diamonds.	“Christ,” he breathed.
Anna Quindlen, How Reading Changed My Life|In books I have traveled, not only to other worlds, but into my own. I learned who I was and who I wanted to be, what I might aspire to, and what I might dare to dream about my world and myself. More powerfully and persuasively than from the "shalt nots" of the Ten Commandments, I learned the difference between good and evil, right and wrong. A Wrinkle in Time described that evil, that wrong, existing in a different dimension from our own. But I felt that I, too, existed much of the time in a different dimension from everyone else I knew. There was waking, and there was sleeping. And then there were books, a kind of parallel universe in which anything might happen and frequently did, a universe in which I might be a newcomer but was never really a stranger. My real, true world. My perfect island.
Hubert Martin|And once the ripples still and the water returns to its unwavering calm, even the pebble that broke its surface will be forgotten. And the world will go on.
Phyllis Yvonne Stickney, Black Comedy - 9 Plays: A Critical Anthology with Interviews and Essays|The Devil went down to Georgia, he was lookin' for a soul to steal. He was in a bind, 'cos he was way behind; he was willing to make a deal.
David Graeber|We need to expose the motives of our political leaders, point out their connections to corporate power, show how huge profits are being made out of death and suffering.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|We named the bar The Bar. "People will think we're ironic instead of creatively bankrupt," my sister reasoned.Yes, we thought we were being clever New Yorkers - that the name was a joke no one else would really get, like we did. Not meta-get ... But our first customer, a gray-haired woman in bifocals and a pink jogging suit, said, "I like the name. Like in Breakfast at Tiffany's and Audrey Hepburn's cat was named Cat.
Various|When a woman miscarries, the experience of the father is often forgotten. But men grieve pregnancy loss too...
Deborah Day|The truth is that you are innately good, wise, and powerful. You were created in and for good.
Constance  Hall, Like A Queen|I wish I could tell every single woman with depression or anxiety or who has gotten herself into a situation that she doesn't think she can get out of, that something life-changing could be around the corner. You just have to wait, it will come, this slump isn't forever.
Maurice Merleau-Ponty|So, ‘sensation’ and ‘judgment’ have together lost their apparent clearness: we have observed that they were clear only as long as the prejudice in favour of the world was maintained. As soon as one tried by means of them, to picture consciousness in the process of perceiving, to revive the forgotten perceptual experience, and to relate them to it, they were found to be inconceivable. By dint of making these difficulties more explicit, we were drawn implicitly into a new kind of analysis, into a new dimension in which they were destined to disappear. The criticism of the constancy hypothesis and more generally the reduction of the idea of ‘the world’ opened up a *phenomenal field* which now has to be more accurately circumscribed, and suggested the rediscovery of direct experience which must be, at least provisionally, assigned its place in relation to scientific knowledge, and to psychological and philosophical reflection.”—from_Phenomenology of Perception_. Translated by Colin Smith, p. 62
Henry St. John|If someone has children, the first thing they want is for them to be happy, and then become someone in life and all that. But the educational system, I mean always, not just now, creates competitive, successful people, and does not educate them to be happy. The problem is that success gives money, not happiness. The eternal problem.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|Humbly let go. Let go of trying to do, let go of trying to control, let go of my own way, let go of my own fears. Let God blow His wind, His trials, oxygen for joy's fire. Leave the hand open and be. Be at peace. Bend the knee and be small and let God give what God chooses to give because He only gives love and whisper a surprised thanks. This is the fuel for joy's flame. Fullness of joy is discovered only in the emptying of will. And I can empty. I can empty because counting His graces has awakened me to how He cherishes me, holds me, passionately values me. I can empty because I am full of His love. I can trust.
Jan Cox Speas|I pity you Juliet. You don't know what love is. You think it's Valentine's Day, and weekends in Italy. You think it's drinking champagne in some expensive restaurant and being bought stupid bloody underwear. But that's just the trimmings. The decoration. They're just gestures. Without trust, and respect, and kindness, they don't mean shit. I thought love was about caring about someone day in and day out, about being there when it's rucking amazing and still wanting to be there when it feels like crap, I thought it was about forever.
Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism|Capitalism is rotten at every level, and yet it adds up to something extraordinarily useful for society over time. The paradox of capitalism is that adding a bunch of bad-sounding ideas together creates something incredible that is far more good than bad. Capitalism inspires people to work hard, to take reasonable risks, and to create value for customers. On the whole, capitalism channels selfishness in a direction that benefits civilization, not counting a few fat cats who have figured out how to game the system. You have the same paradox with personal energy. If you look at any individual action that boosts your personal energy, it might look like selfishness. Why are you going skiing when you should be working at the homeless shelter, you selfish bastard! My proposition is that organizing your life to optimize your personal energy will add up to something incredible that is more good than bad.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Wrinkle in Time|The horse respects and obeys man because its large eyes magnify everything, so man appears much larger than the horse itself.
Bob Proctor|See yourself living in abundance and you will attract it. It always works, it works every time with every person" - Bob Proctor
Ophelia London, Kissing Her Crush|She kissed her teenage fantasy, the popular boy she used to dream would see something special in her and love her forever. The man kissed her back.
Tom Rachman|With a beaming face celebrate the joyful day and rest not therein. For no one can take away his goods with him. Yea, no one returns again, who has gone hence.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn, What He Didn't See|Nothing looked the same, and everything looked the same.
Rosie Pugh|Maybe they want us to feel uneasy. Maybe they think we’ll make a mistake if they’re constantly breathing down our necks.’ I shivered violently, as if I really could feel the hot, hungry breath of evil intentions panting just behind me.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|One author said "I write because I want to live a footprint in the sands of history.” It's hard to live a footprint in the sands of history when giants are passing through the same sands unless you are one of the giants
Kate Clinton|The first glass is for myself, the second for my friends, the third for good humor, and the forth for my enemies.
Diana Gabaldon|I want my candidacy for the presidency of the United States to stand for a moment when we the people, stand once again for the independence from a government that has gotten too big and spends too much and has taken away too much of our liberties.
Steve Kluger, Almost Like Being in Love|After you've spent four years kissing somebody's perineum, the subtext talks louder than words.
Zoe York, What Once Was Perfect|I’m not trying to make you cry. I’m trying to make you see. You’re just like the colorful sky, Lilla, this beautiful creation, forgotten. Hidden wonders unseen, by those who don’t bother to look any longer. I look. I can see them.
Michael Tennant|When true trust has been established, you become one
Koushun Takami, Battle Royale|You all have your own distinct personal backgrounds. Of course some of you come from rich families, some from poor families. But circumstances beyond your control like that shouldn’t determine who you are. You must all realize what you’re worth on your own.
Aishabella Sheikh, Entwined|After our negotiations were completed, the dome would be imploded and launched toward the nearest black hole, so that none of its atoms would ever contaminate this particular universe again. I thought that last part was overkill.
Janis yingnan Ji|There comes a time in life that all you need is just someone to listen to you without judging or telling you what you should have done and should do, but simply just listening to you.
Rick Riordan, The Hidden Oracle|Sometimes you make choices in life, and sometimes choices make you.
Alan Moore, Jerusalem|His sister, in a big turquoise Angora sweater, leaned upon the wood frame of the open nursery door, anxiously looking out to see if he was really going to show, beaming and waving like a pastel colored TV Muppet when she spotted him.
Kate Morton, The Forgotten Garden|Hope, how she had grown to hate the word. It was an insideious seed planted inside a person's soul, surviving covertly on little tending, then flowering so spectacularly that none could help but cherish it.
Sarah Vowell, Unfamiliar Fishes|For Americans, Acts 16:9 is the high-fructose corn syrup of Bible verses--an all-purpose ingredient we'll stir into everything from the ink on the Marshall Plan to canisters of Agent Orange. Our greatest goodness and our worst impulses come out of this missionary zeal, contributing to our overbearing (yet not entirely unwarranted) sense of our country as an inherently helpful force in the world. And, as with the apostle Paul, the notion that strangers want our help is sometimes a delusion.
Sarah Dessen, Dreamland|I would make an anonymous call and say, this is someone who cares, do you know what kind of children you have?
Bill Cosby|My goal is to show girls that I'm fighting so they don't have to, so they don't have to fight the same battles, so they don't have to fight for wage equality or whatever it may be.
Roshan Sharma|Life knows what you want, and gives you exactly the same thing, at the moment. You attract exactly what you want in the moment. You have to remain present in the moment. If you are already lost in yourself, you can never understand the ways of life.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Gay Science|One in three all friends are:Brothers in distress,equals facing rivals,free men - facing death!
Thomm Quackenbush, Danse Macabre (Night's Dream, #2)|She did not arrive at Annandale without taking the chisel to herself more than once, without rubbing up against a few boys to smooth an edge or two.
Kofi Annan|Many people see technology as the problem behind the so-called digital divide. Others see it as the solution. Technology is neither. It must operate in conjunction with business, economic, political and social system.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|In a relationship, prudent application of the gray theory is a key ingredient in assuring years of happiness; “till death do us part”. Balance is at the center of success, satisfaction and a lifetime of love.
M.F. Moonzajer|The one who realizes the mistake, seeks forgiveness and searches for kindness, must be forgiven.
Edie Brickell|When all else fails, dress beautifully and throw your food.
Judith McNaught, Something Wonderful|It's easier not to say anything. Shut your trap, button your lip, can it. All that crap you hear on TV about communication and expressing feelings is a lie. Nobody really wants to hear what you have to say.
John Piper, Seeing and Savoring Jesus Christ|It takes courage to seek God, and courage to wait for His reply.
Brandon Sanderson, The Hero of Ages|Until then I had rejected him, refused him his own reality. He had been quite right to say that he, the only person on Gethen who trusted him, was the only Gethenian I distrusted. For he was the only one who had entirely accepted me as a human being: who had liked me personally and given met entire personal loyalty: and who therefore had demanded of me an equal degree of recognition, of acceptance. I had not been willing to give it. I had been afraid to give it. I had not wanted to give my trust, my friendship to a man who was a woman, a woman who was a man.
Sonakshi Sinha|When you're growing up, your dad is your superhero. Once you've let yourself fall that in love with someone, once you put him on such a high pedestal and he lets you down, you never want to experience that pain again.
Allan G. Johnson, The Gender Knot: Unraveling Our Patriarchal Legacy|If we are serious about change, we have to dig - preferably with plenty of company and with a full appreciation of the fact that although we did not start the fire, it belongs to us now.
R.S. Burnett, Bet Me|Sometimes, all you want is a warm loving embrace.. and no words..
Paul Murray, An Evening of Long Goodbyes|Mrs. P.? Oh no. She’s the help. Bosnian, you know. Or is it Serbian? An absolute treasure, anyway. As I always say to Bel, if there’s one good thing to come out of all this fuss in the Balkans, it’s the availability of quality staff . . .” The words died away on my lips: once again I found myself trailing off in the stare of those unblinking eyes. This fellow was like some kind of after-dinner black hole. My anxiety began to mount again.
Ingmar Bergman, The Seventh Seal|Jöns: But feel, to the very end, the triumph of being alive!
Nikki Rowe, Once a Girl, Now a Woman|...where there is One, that One is me; where there are many, all are me; they see my face everywhere.The Bhagavad Gita
Philip Pullman, The Subtle Knife|I suppose hobbits need some description nowadays, since they have become rare and shy of the Big People, as they call us. They are (or were) a little people, about half our height, and smaller than the bearded Dwarves. Hobbits have no beards. There is little or no magic about them, except the ordinary everyday sort which helps them to disappear quietly and quickly when large stupid folk like you and me come blundering along, making a noise like elephants which they can hear a mile off. They are inclined to be fat in the stomach; they dress in bright colours (chiefly green and yellow); wear no...
Saint Ambrose|I'm always fascinated when people really fervently believe, because I have such a hard time believing anything. When people have real faith in something, it's fascinating to me. And the fact that so many people, in surveys, so many people say they do. It kind of blows my mind.
John Capecci and Timothy Cage, Living Proof: Telling Your Story to Make a Difference|Suddenly I've become so restless that I'm capable of saying "That is enough" and ending what I'm writing you, which is based mostly on blind words.
Robert Anton Wilson, Leviathan|It is said that whomsoever the gods wish to destroy, they first make mad. In fact, whomsoever the gods wish to destroy, they first hand the equivalent of a stick with a fizzing fuse and Acme Dynamite Company written on the side. It's more interesting, and doesn't take so long.
M. Kirin|Originality is not writing the story that has never been told, but writing the stories only you can tell.
Erin Heatherton|We can each define ambition and progress for ourselves. The goal is to work toward a world where expectations are not set by the stereotypes that hold us back, but by our personal passion, talents and interests.
Chris Owen, Bareback|Oh. Momma told me not to tell you that your bed squeaks. But I think you know, 'cause I could hear it this morning. Jake dropped his fork. Tor, for the first time Jake had ever seen, turned scarlet. Maureen looked at them both and sighed. Christmas is always so interesting with you, Mark.
Henry David Thoreau|I have a great deal of company in the house, especially in the morning when nobody calls.
Leslie Jamison, The Empathy Exams: Essays|I wish I had the talent to paint the way I feel about you, for my words always feel inadequate. I imagine using red for your passion and pale blue for your kindness; forest green to reflect the depth of your empathy and bright yellow for your unflagging optimism. And still I wonder: can even an artist’s palette capture the full range of what you mean to me?
Elizabeth Barrett Browning|It was as if the universe pointed us in the direction of each other, because that was the natural order of things.
Clarice Lispector|I have grown weary of literature: silence alone comforts me. If I continue to write, it’s because I have nothing more to accomplish in this world except to wait for death. Searching for the word in darkness. Any little success invades me and puts me in full view of everyone. I long to wallow in the mud. I can scarcely control my need for self-abasement, my craving for licentiousness and debauchery. Sin tempts me, forbidden pleasures lure me. I want to be both pig and hen, then kill them and drink their blood.
Debasish Mridha|Kindness, not rituals, is mankind’s greatest prayer.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A person au fait with the millenarian edict of knowing oneself does not need a tattoo, pierced ear, or gaudy neck chains to declare who they are. Eccentricity for its own sake is simply a boring fashion statement and not a thoughtful statement of what comprises a wholesome self. A self-poised person does not need to own a luxury car to determine their degree of self-worth. Nor does a self-determined person need to idolize celebrities, hate other people whom they do not wish to exemplify, or live vicariously through other people’s admirable deeds. A person with unique and contented self-identify does not flip through fashion magazines or scan the headlines of gossip magazines when loitering in the supermarket checkout stand. A person who contemplates the meaningfulness of their existence is not fixated with posing in other people’s raiment or observing other people’s nakedness. A person who knows who they are and realizes how to accomplish all of their life goals does not dally by people watching or become distracted by envying other people.
William Stafford|When a goat likes a book, the whole book is gone,and the meaning has to go find an author again.- The Trouble With Reading
Scott Lynch, The Lies of Locke Lamora|Well, I think Leo's either going to learn a much needed lesson in social activity-- or go nuts and kill us all." -Crash
Erwin Schrödinger|What is this 'I'? If you analyse it closely you will, I think, find that it is just a little bit more than a collection of single data (experiences and memories), namely the canvas upon which they are collected. And you will, on close introspection, find that what you really mean by 'I' is that ground-stuff upon which they are collected. You may come to a distant country, lose sight of all your friends, may all but forget them; you acquire new friends, you share life with them as intensely as you ever did with your old ones. Less and less important will become the fact that, while living your new life, you still recollect the old one. 'The youth that was I', you may come to speak of him in the third person, indeed the protagonist of the novel you are reading is probably nearer to your heart, certainly more intensely alive and better known to you. Yet there has been no intermediate break, no death. And even if a skilled hypnotist succeeded in blotting out entirely all your earlier reminiscences, you would not find that he had killed you. In no case is there a loss of personal existence to deplore. Nor will there ever be.
Rudyard Kipling|Pain will humble ones soul,my pain was necessary as it humbled me beyond my limitations,I do not rush what is meant to be slow,patience".
Tony Dovale|In School of One, students have daily "playlists" of their learning tasks that are attuned to each student's learning needs, based on that student's readiness and learning style. For example, Julia is way ahead of grade level in math and learns best in small groups, so her playlist might include three or four videos matched to her aptitude level, a thirty-minute one-on-one tutoring session with her teacher, and a small group activity in which she works on a math puzzle with three peers at similar aptitude levels. There are assessments built into each activity so that data can be fed back to the teacher to choose appropriate tasks for the next playlist.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Shape|Nothing is made, nothing disappears. The same changes, at the same places, never stopping.
Robert Frost|The time has come," the walrus said, "to talk of many things: Of shoes and ships - and sealing wax - of cabbages and kings
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|From an author's point of view, the most painful and dangerous weapon ain't no gun or blade, but a piece of paper with the word rejected on it.
Dalai Lama XIV|To become enlightened is not just to slip into some disconnected euphoria, an oceanic feeling of mystic oneness apart from ordinary reality. It is not even to come up with a solution, a sort of formula to control reality. Rather, it is an experience of release from all compulsions and sufferings, combined with a precise awareness of any relevent subject of knowledge. Having attained enlightenment one knows everything that matters, and the precise nature of all that is.
Bill Dedman|Up until the time I was cast in 'Star Trek,' the roles were pretty shallow - thin, stereotyped, one-dimensional roles. I knew this character was a breakthrough role, certainly for me as an individual actor but also for the image of an Asian character: no accent, a member of the elite leadership team.
Niurka, Supreme Influence: Change Your Life with the Power of the Language You Use|Living in Supreme Influence, your language is neutral and/or moving toward your vision rather than moving away. In other words, you speak about what you do want, not about what you don't want.
Debasish Mridha|The moon is the lighthouse of love, and as changing as a woman's mind.
Mehek Bassi|Statistics are somewhat like old medical journals, or like revolvers in newly opened mining districts. Most men rarely use them, and find it troublesome to preserve them so as to have them easy of access; but when they do want them, they want them badly.
Abed Rahmani|Start from as little as you can - You never know, this may be the difference of tomorrow.
Debasish Mridha|You are so beautiful and bright. I can only see you in my dreams. When I open my eyes, you vanish into the sky.
Alison Singh Gee, Where the Peacocks Sing: A Palace, a Prince, and the Search for Home|People can't listen until they're ready. I sure couldn't. I was, like, deaf to everyone except the thoughts. They were the boss of me.
Christian Bobin|Any idea what the pattern is?” Dex asked“I’m not sure.” Something felt familiar, a shadow of an idea, not formed enough to make sense. She poured through her memories, scrounging for the clue she was missing. The pieces clicked. “Elementine.”“What’s the pattern?”“I don’t know, but I know Elementine is right.
Oliver Tambo|It is only necessary to have courage, for strength without self-confidence is useless.
Dean Lilleyman, Billy and the Devil|It hurts so bad that I cannot save him, protect him, keep him out of harm's way, shield him from pain. What good are fathers if not for these things?
Anna Godbersen, Splendor|Much religious teaching in the world is in reality a confused or deteriorated form, very different from its roots.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|Virtually everyone needs motivation of some sort, but when you are in love - that is motivation enough, it turns many into poets and painters, it spurs the creativity in you.
Charles Beaumont, Perchance to Dream: Selected Stories|In March of 1915, all three of Lord and Lady Chetwynd-Pitt's sons'd been gassed, blown up or machine-gunned in the very same week at the battle of Neuve-Chapelle. All three. Imagine that: On Monday, you've got three sons, by Friday you've got none. Lady Albertina had just, y'know, caved in. Physically, mentally, spiritually, brutally.
Gina L. Maxwell, Seducing Cinderella|Only on a few occasions had I ever been comfortable showing my body off, and now here I was, taking a job where Asian boobs and ass ran free.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Positive life, positive deed.
John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom|Once the soul awakens, the search begins and you can never go back. From then on, you are inflamed with a special longing that will never again let you linger in the lowlands of complacency and partial fulfillment. The eternal makes you urgent. You are loath to let compromise or the threat of danger hold you back from striving toward the summit of fulfillment.
Majel Barrett Roddenberry|This is a new land, this is a new place, this is a new world, this is unknown. This is uncharted, this is all there is. We don't have any other place to go. I always quote Gene as saying "Why are we now going into space? Well, why did we trouble to look past the next mountain? Our prime obligation to ourselves is to make the unknown known. We are on a journey to keep an appointment with whatever we are." And that was his whole philosophy of Star Trek, of life, of everything else.
Christopher Reeve|Your mind, while blessed with permanent memory, is cursed with lousy recall. Written goals provide clarity. By documenting your dreams, you must think about the process of achieving them.
Andrew Holleran, Dancer from the Dance|Empathy, evidently, existed only within the human community, whereas intelligence to some degree could be found throughout every phylum and order including the arachnida. For one thing, the empathic faculty probably required an unimpaired group instinct; a solitary organism, such as a spider, would have no use for it; in fact it would tend to abort a spider’s ability to survive. It would make him conscious of the desire to live on the part of his prey. Hence all predators, even highly developed mammals such as cats, would starve.
Brandon Shire|I have lost patience with the idea of an insignificant human being standing up above the rest of us--whether he is called Reverend or Doctor or Judge--and shouting at us all about this thing or that. As soon as someone starts to pontificate in this way, I am apt to cut him off or leave the room, or, if this can't be done gracefully, I simply arrange that sweet vapid smile on my face that was so useful during the trial but that so infuriates Dr. Cole. After all, I have already taken the measure of my own insignificance, and I survived.
Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland|It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.
Lady Gaga|So many will try to destroy me. So many, over and over, coming in periods of greatness. But in this period, I cannot be broken: GAGAKLEIN.
David Agus|The 20th-century ulcer epidemic was a sign of good health in American people - good diet, strong acidity and healthy immune response actually make ulcers more likely. That's why businessmen eating giant T-bone steaks were prone to ulcers.
Eugene O'Neill|Censorship of anything, at any time, in any place, on whatever pretense, has always been and always will be the last resort of the boob and the bigot.
Alan S. Kesselheim, Let Them Paddle: Coming of Age on the Water|Majority of people who are easily stressed are the one's who think too much about the problems instead of solutions. Always focus on solutions. - Subodh Gupta, author, "Stress Management A Holistic Approach - 5 Steps Plan
David Eagleman, Incognito: The Secret Lives of the Brain|The brain has only three functions: open, closed, or deprived.
Thomas Robert Malthus, An Essay on the Principle of Population|We are one. Man, horse, lance, we are one beast of blood and wood and iron.
J.G. Ballard, High-Rise|Its culture: the fruit of its life, the product of its own efforts in thought and art. This culture is not international. It is the expression of the national genius, of the blood. The culture is international in its brilliance but national in origin. Someone made a fine comparison: bread and wheat may be internationally consumed, but they always bear the imprint of the soil from which they came.
Abhijit Naskar|Even though it is common knowledge in our field of Neuroscience, I take immense pleasure every time I realize that our perception of the whole universe emerges from the activity of the little specks of jelly inside our skull.
Criss Jami|I need not adapt in certain ways. I am in fact but a visitor to this world, an ephemeral gasp within its long, tired history, and, before anything else, a follower of Christ. By this alone I have the power not to shuffle away from the Faith, the power to break loose from these marching-shackles of ongoing cultural and political pretense.
Lavie Tidhar, The Violent Century|In the words he’s free, on the page he can be anything. A hero.
Linda McCartney, Linda's Kitchen: Simple and Inspiring Recipes for Meals Without Meat|If you don't own a dog, at least one, there is not necessarily anything wrong with you, but there may be something wrong with your life.
Kimberly Kincaid, Love on the Line|She watches Simon's profile as he drives, concentrating, but he keeps turning to her, and every time he does so, he is smiling. He doesn't seem to care, and she wonders if, actually, he wants to be caught. In some ways she does, because she knows, already, albeit crazily swiftly, that she wants more of this man, that once was never, ever going to be enough.
David Foster Wallace|For every writer, there is a challenge of time that is only magnified in the solitude of the work.
George Harrison|It is through this mysterious power that we too have our being, and we therefore yield to our neighbors, even to our animal neighbors, the same right as ourselves to inhabit this vast land.
D. A. Pennebaker|The president doesn't order the military to seize political opponents. He doesn't order his intelligence community to lie about national security for political purposes. He uses the military or intelligence communities to protect the United States and our citizens, not to help him win elections.
Amit Kalantri, One Bucket of Tears|His music gave no lesser joy than a vacation. Creativity in his music and its success stood out as an example to all kinds of artists, in the lectures of business speakers, engineers, and to anyone who built or constructed something in their respective profession.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|That's your truck parked up by the factory isn't it?" Magnus pointed. "It's awfully butch for a bookseller.
Jennifer Finney Boylan, She's Not There: A Life in Two Genders|Had I glimpsed just a little of the suffering I would witness and the heartbreak I would endure, I would have fled in the other direction...But I could not foresee any of these things...And many years later, with tears in my eyes, I remembered my decision to follow this God no matter what the cost.
Kevin J. Anderson, Hidden Empire|Science fiction is for real, space opera is for fun.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|It was one of the links between the ground-down poor and the wasteful rich. The girl felt that even if she had less than anybody in Williamsburg, somehow she had more. She was richer because she had something to waste.
Sarah Orne Jewett, The Country of the Pointed Firs|A creature that hides and “withdraws into its shell,” is preparing a “way out.” This is true of the entire scale of metaphors, from the resurrection of a man in his grave, to the sudden outburst of one who has long been silent. If we remain at the heart of the image under consideration, we have the impression that, by staying in the motionlessness of its shell, the creature is preparing temporal explosions, not to say whirlwinds, of being.
Mitt Romney|A lovely nook of forest scenery, or a grand rock, like a beautiful woman, depends for much of its attractiveness upon the attendance sense of freedom from whatever is low; upon a sense of purity and of romance.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury|For him, I had done this-for him I'd gladly wrecked myself and my immortal soul. And now I had an eternity to live with it.
Yu Hua|My mother often said, as long as a person is happy at work, then poverty is nothing to be ashamed of.
Matthew B. Crawford, Shop Class as Soulcraft: An Inquiry Into the Value of Work|Both as workers and as consumers, we feel we move in channels that have been projected from afar by vast impersonal forces. We worry that we are becoming stupider, an begin to wonder if getting an adequate grasp on the world, intellectually, depends on getting a handle on it in some literal and active sense.
J. California Cooper, Some Soul to Keep|This the kind of world, if you don’t die, you just keep on growing up and living through everything that comes.
Laura Kelly, Dispatches from the Republic of Otherness|Gjerji raises his hand. In English he says, "I like to tell in the words of a great American philosopher what freedom is.""Say it in your language to your peers," I urge.Gyerji makes his statement. The class grows silent and thoughtful; there is much nodding. Twain perhaps? Emerson? Diana sidles up and whispers in my ear. "He says to them that freedom is a word when nothing is anymore able to be losed."Janis Joplin, de-syntaxed.
Dorothy Parker|Why is it no one sent me yet one perfect limousine, do you suppose? Ah no, it's always just my luck to get one perfect rose.
Daniel Clowes|The great thing about behavioural psychology and economics is that they help us to see that there are actually pretty good reasons why human beings swing from greed to fear, and why we're not really calculating machines or utility-maximisers.
John  Williams, Augustus|In comparison, young unmarried women in America were fortunate: They had a certain measure of sexual freedom. Eighteenth-century parents allowed their daughters to spend tie with suitors unsupervised, and courting couples openly engaged in "bundling," the practice of sleeping together without undressing, in the girls' homes. (Theoretically, that is, they were sleeping together without undressing: in fact, premarital pregnancy boomed during the period of 1750 to 1780, when bundling was nearly universal.) But by the turn of the century, in a complete reversal of previous beliefs about women's sexuality, the idea took hold that only men were carnal creatures; women were thought to be passionless and therefore morally superior.
Jordan Hoechlin|One day i will leave the world and never come back,_You will cry when you see my number is off.._You will miss me when you sit alone,_You won't be able to hear my laugh and voice again...there will be no more me to _Irritate,_Tease,_make u laugh and say sorry _Tears might run out of your eyes but i will be gone long and forever so pleaze enjoy my company as much as u can before i close my eyes forever!!!
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Raced Fairyland All the Way Home|Nell was like a witch. Her long silvery hair rolled into a bun on the back of her head, the narrow wooden house on the hillside in Paddington, with its peeling lemon-yellow paint and overgrown garden, the neighborhood cats that followed her everywhere. The way she had of fixing her eyes so straight on you, as if she might be about to cast a spell.
Benjamin Franklin|Hide not your talents, they for use were made,What's a sundial in the shade?
Sophie Kinsella, Remember Me?|Being in Harry Potter is like being in the Mafia. Once you are in, you are never really out.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The same Book that tells us over and over again of God’s love warns us constantly of the devil who would come between us and God, the devil who is ever waiting to ensnare men’s souls.
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|It was like listening to the universe in motion. Planets spinning on their appointed courses, the lives of men intersecting and parting, the unimaginable harmony of the human body itself in hierarchy and order, were all implied in the song, but something greater as well: the genius of the composer, which must surely approach the miraculous. Perceval closed his eyes and was lost in the weaving music.
Harold Holzer, Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion|One editor during the Civil War got a grievous message to meet his brothers corpse, only to find out that the telegraph operator had garbled the message to meet his living brother's CORPS.
Shannon Hale, The Actor and the Housewife|You don’t understand,” Mairelon said dully. “Kim doesn’t want to marry a toff.”Was that what was bothering him? “Well, of all the bacon-brained, sapskulled, squirish, buffle-headed nod cocks!” Kim said with as much indignation as she could muster. “I was talking about the marquis, not about you!”Mairelon’s eyes kindled. “Then you would?”“You’ve whiddled it,” Kim informed him.As he kissed her again, she heard Mrs. Lowe murmur, “Mind your language, Kim,” and Shoreham say in an amused tone, “Yes, Your Grace, I believe thatwas an affirmative answer.
Gabriel Basso|You have to see the human being in the enemy. If there is potential for change, there is still hope.
Schopenhauer|All the world's a stage, and all the men and women actors on it" says Shakespeare. But actually only the men and women in the public gaze are actors on it. I, for instance, whom — and this I hold one of my greatest blessings while it is so — the public does not gaze on, am not an actor, but only a scene-shifter: the stage is curtained when I and those like me move on it. (Addition:) Or that is how I should like it to be always
Søren Kierkegaard|God is not against you owning things, but he is against the things owning you.
Kat Evans, The Domme Tamer|Life sucks. Hard. I don’t care how melodramatic that sounds, it’s the truth and I’m living it.
Bruce Cockburn|All these years of thinking, ending up like this: In front of all this beauty, understanding nothing.
Max Beerbohm|In business, experience is the big teacher.
Wallace Stevens|It is an everlasting desire to make my dreams come true. And it's getting to the point now where it's like, come on I want my dreams to come true so that I can get on with the rest of my life. Sometimes I think about the rest of my life when I'm done.
Victoria Vorel|I feel a very unusual sensation - if it is not indigestion, I think it must be gratitude.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I never knew the wonders of nature, until I began to walk with nature.
Periyar E.V. Ramasamy|Now let us look to the ancient inhabitants of India. With them, first of all, religion was not only one interest by the side of many. It was the all-absorbing interest; it embraced not only worship and prayer, but what we call philosophy, morality, law, and government, —all was pervaded by religion. Their whole life was to them a religion—everything else was, as it were, a mere concession made to the ephemeral requirements of this life.
James Buchanan|One thing that somebody told me is that leadership is a lonely role - some people can do it, and some people can't.
Nelson Rockefeller|We should keep silent about those in power; to speak well of them almost implies flattery; to speak ill of them while they are alive is dangerous, and when they are dead is cowardly.
Friedrich Schiller|Man's status in the natural world is determined, therefore, by the quality of his thinking.
Susan Forward, Toxic Parents: Overcoming Their Hurtful Legacy and Reclaiming Your Life|I not only stand on my two feet, but I walk on my two feet for my two feet.
Jan-Philipp Sendker, The Art of Hearing Heartbeats|She saw that he knew what loneliness was, that he understood why it might be raining inside a person even when the sun shone, that sadness needed no immediate cause.
Deyth Banger, The Life Of One Kid|The past/future can't be changed! The things which are written to happen, they can't be skipped.
Maureen Brady, Beyond Survival: A Writing Journey for Healing Childhood Sexual Abuse|Maybe we can stay in denial together forever?' I suggest....'No, I mean, maybe there's a town called Denial, and we can literally move there and forget about college.
George Bernard Shaw, The Philanderer|But I cant stand saying one thing when everyone knows I mean another. Whats the use in such hypocrisy? If people arrange the world that way for women, theres no good pretending it’s arranged the other way...
Krista Tippett, Becoming Wise: An Inquiry into the Mystery and Art of Living|That's very important about stories. They touch something that is human in us and is probably unchanging. Perhaps this is why the important knowledge is passed through stories. It's what holds a culture together. Culture has a story, and every person in it participates in that story. They world is made up of stories; it's not made up of facts.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you harden the soil, the seed cannot grow; if you harden your heart, the love cannot grow!
Max Lucado, Celebrating Christmas with Jesus: An Advent Devotional|Humans! They lived in a world where the grass continued to be green and the sun rose every day and flowers regularly turned into fruit, and what impressed them? Weeping statues. And wine made out of water!
RVM|Things will happen. You can't stop them from happening, but you can control your reaction from making things worse. React Positively. Live Happily.
Shavasti, Embracing the Power of Truth|Fate is a given, destiny is what we do with it
Ben Aaronovitch, Foxglove Summer|I woke in the hour before dawn, stuck in that strange state where the memory of your dreams is still powerful enough to motivate your actions.
Eliza Granville, Gretel and the Dark|Marcus turned his back to her. He feared that if he saw her face, it might weaken his resolve. Love was indeed a madness.
Plato, The Symposium|...when he looks at Beauty in the only way that Beauty can be seen - only then will it become possible for him to give birth not to images of virtue (because he's in touch with no images), but to true virtue [arete] (because he is in touch with true Beauty). The love of the gods belongs to anyone who has given to true virtue and nourished it, and if any human being could become immortal, it would be he.
Yves Behar|War, I thought, was the most negative aspect of male heterosexuality. If more men were homosexual, there would be no wars, because homosexual men would never kill other men, whereas heterosexual men love killing other men.
Mehmet Murat ildan|What is the future of men who havelost sight of the past?Earl Hollsopple lived on the edge of civilization in a deserted shack for nearly forty years. His life was one beautiful night of stargazing after another, until a helicopter flies overhead, and exposing his meager world. It is a sign; it is time for him to return to civilization.Unknowingly, Earl’s journey parallels another he had deeply repressed, and that is his return from the Vietnam War. The lone survivor of a plane crash, Earl waits for rescue that never came. He is left to find his way home alone.On both his quests, old Earl and young Earl learn lessons of survival, overcoming isolation and handling conflicts; his travels teach him not just about himself, but humankind. Reaching pivotal points in both journeys, Earl meets fateful loves, leading to destinies that are ultimately intertwined.Everything in life circles until we are able to answer the riddles that plaque man and humanity. Only until we take the journey, solve the problems of our own existence, do we find our way home.
Initially NO, Percipience: Outside the Range of Understood Sense|Wake up to think of words… want to walk through pages of meanings, the links in assonance, alliteration, or just simple sense that moves the eye to leap that way to the next-door play of sound and resonance.
Ashlee Willis, The Word Changers|I enjoy self-publishing & sending publishers rejection letters. They're like, 'Who is this guy?' And I'm like, 'the end of your industry.
Christina Engela, Black Sunrise|A lot of highly-educated people have been told what to think, therefore, they think they know it all. The other segment of the population has to figure out how to think, therefore they question everything.
John Barrowman|You don't cheat anybody out of their experience, whatever it is.
Jackie Castle, Luminosity|Stitch tucked his knife into the utility belt he always wore around his waist. "Jerin, I'm going to miss practicing with you. Playing Knights and letting you win." He patted the man on the shoulder. "And filling your boots with slugs. Such great times." "That was you!" Jerin roared, his fingers wrapping around the leather covered hilt.
Steve Blank|I tend to be really spacey, but I don't think it's because I'm unintelligent - it's just my imagination and a little bit of ADD.
Joyce Meyer|I am not where I need to be, but thank God I am not where I used to be.
Charles Alexander Eastman|Children must early learn the the beauty of generosity. They are taught to give what they prize most, that they may taste the happiness of giving.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Fame is nothing but the sum of all the misunderstandings that cluster around a new name…Wherever a human achievement becomes truly great, it seeks to hide its face in the lap of general, nameless greatness.
Leo Baeck, Judaism and Christianity: essays by Leo Baeck|Overall, becoming a carbon-neutral country would involve changes in our behaviour, but these are modest compared with the changes that will be forced upon us if we do nothing.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|If you are “playing” too much or “working” too much, you will have a reaction on the other side, which indicates your pace is off, too slow or too fast.
Roxanne Snopek, Saving the Sheriff|Consider me your rescuer, not your jailer," he said to Frankie, without looking at her. His gut told him that, on the criminal mastermind scale, this one landed closer to Tinker Bell than Lizzie Borden.
Laren Grey Umphlett, The Power of Perception|Maturity comes with experience, not age.
William Earl Maxwell, Texas Politics Today, 2011-2012 Edition|The path to a sustained victory in Afghanistan lies in improving their economy, creating jobs for the Afghanis, strengthening their government and national services, getting the provinces to trust each other and work together, and eliminating the opium trade. Previously, the United States' policy was to not get deeply involved in internal Afghani drug issues; now we've changed the policy and are actively working to eradicate the drugs. But nobody has yet to come up with a way to shut down the poppy fields and get the Afghani people back to work. Until that happens, the Taliban will inevitable creep back in.
Isaac Asimov, The Naked Sun|Civilizations have always been pyramidal in structure. As one climbs toward the apex of the social edifice, there is increased leisure and increasing opportunity to pursue hapiness. As one climbs, one finds also fewer and fewer people to enjoy this more and more. Invariably, there is a preponderance of the dispossessed. And remember this, no matter how well off the bottom layers of the pyramid might be on an absolute scale, they are always dispossessed in comparison with the apex.
Hilary Mantel, A Place of Greater Safety|Revolution is everywhere, in everything. There is no final revolution, no final number.
Philip Roth|There's no love more intense than the love we have for our kids - and where there is intense love, there is also intense fear lurking beneath the surface.
Robert Farrar Capon, Between Noon & Three: Romance, Law & the Outrage of Grace|Grace is the celebration of life, relentlessly hounding all the non-celebrants in the world. It is a floating, cosmic bash shouting its way through the streets of the universe, flinging the sweetness of its cassations to every window, pounding at every door in a hilarity beyond all liking and happening, until the prodigals come out at last and dance, and the elder brothers finally take their fingers out of their ears.
Satya Nadella|I say you don't need religion, or political ideology, to understand human nature. Science reveals that human nature is greedy and selfish, altruistic and helpful.
luigi komrad|When clouds will become heavier than the land in us led our entire life by the steps of our Destiny, we will understand that not their moments’ rain has darkened the sun of our life, but the failure to be ourselves.
Gift Gugu Mona|Words are powerful, so use every word wisely to create a better world.
Carole Bouquet|Of all the passions of mankind, the love of novelty most rules the mind. In search of this, from realm to realm we roam. Our fleets come loaded with every folly home.
Michael Berryman|If your religion is better than mine and your opinion, you have a real problem.
Mohammed Khambaty|At every age we play the same game, just by different rules.
C.S. Lewis|Lucy buried her head in his mane to hide from his face. But there must have been magic in his mane. She could feel lion-strength going into her. Quite suddenly she sat up. "I'm sorry, Aslan," she said. "I'm ready now.""Now you are a lioness," said Aslan. "And now all Narnia will be renewed. But come. We have no time to lose.
Ander Monson|We are all in wires, eventually, reduced to what we said, or didn't say, and what we wrote or didn't write, who loved or didn't love, or loved and lost and never told it except for writing in or to a book. We are all discarded, discordant, confusingly, and so I salute your bravery, book inscriber. Your heart is big enough for both of us, so that there is no room for mockery in me. Anyone willing to strip themselves this bare this fast this way deserves our breathlessness and our hearts' attention. Let's spend an hour, then longer, in contemplation. If you open, open all the way, or as much as you can bear, or else there's nothing here at all.
Pyrrhus|Another such victory over the Romans, and we are undone.
Julie A. Barnes, All Flavors|The light of compassion shined so steadily from within them that others could clearly see all the choices they were making, so they no longer existed in the dark. Without a word, without a sword, the energy that was void of light was unable to function on Earth. This brilliant light, which emanated from individuals and became a collective force, stopped the planet’s shifting. The seas became calm. The children stepped out to play. And a new song was heard everywhere.
Pablo Neruda, Odes to Common Things|A book,a book fullof human touches,of shirts,a bookwithout loneliness, with menand tools,a bookis victory.
Alexandra Bracken, Never Fade|I don't know about the rest of you, but I'd be up for hearing about the one-eyed chick," Vida said with a shrug. "You are atually the worst person I have ever met," Chubs said. "And people like you are the reason we have middle fingers.
Guy de Maupassant|I must know, he thinks. It must be clear to me. There is a world which is closed to him, a world of shadings, gradations, nuances, and subtleties. He is a genius and yet he is too explicit. June slips between his fingers. You cannot posses without loving.
Lisa Kleypas, Sugar Daddy|Sometimes a woman needs a man for company, no matter how useless he is.
Elton John|There is but one way for a president to deal with Congress, and that is continuously, incessantly, and without interruption. If it is really going to work, the relationship has got to be almost incestuous.
Tori Amos|Twasn't me, 'twas the Lord! I always told Him, 'I trust to you. I don't know where to go or what to do, but I expect You to lead me,' an' He always did.
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|I am a memory house for those I have lost, those I no longer know.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|A day will come when there will be no battlefields, but markets opening to commerce and minds opening to ideas.
Rick Warren|After all, when the world looks to America, they look to us because we are the most successful political and economic experiment in human history.
Vladimir Nabokov|No jewels, save my eyes, do I own, but I have a rose which is even softer than my rosy lips. And a quiet youth said: 'There is nothing softer than your heart.' And I lowered my gaze...
Prabhukrishna M|Anne is God. I am God. The happy grass are God, Jill groks in beauty always. Jill is God. All shaping and making and creating together.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, We Should All Be Feminists|You," Seven pronounced, "are a train wreck of sexual history."But this is inaccurate. A runaway train is an accident. Me, I'll jump in front of the tracks. I'll even tie myself down in front of the speeding engine. There's some illogical part of me that still believes if you want Superman to show up, first there's got to be someone worth saving.
Clifford D. Simak, Time Is the Simplest Thing|Today, the mere idea of aristocracy is incompatible with the dominant ideology. But every people needs an aristocracy. It's an integral part of human nature and can't be dispensed with. The question then is not 'For or against aristocracy?' but 'What kind of aristocracy?
Cornell Woolrich, The Ten Faces of Cornell Woolrich: An Inner Sanctum Collection of Novelettes and Short Stories|Films are my way of passing the time; books are my passion, my true love. But music is my refuge.
Angela Richardson, Pieces of Lies|I jumped at the sound of Drake's voice. "You scared the crap out of me! Where did you come from?"He raised his eyebrows, "From what I learned in Anatomy, I came from my Mother. But if you are refering to just now, through the door.
Mark Billingham, Scaredy Cat|He does love prophesying a misfortune, does the average British ghost. Send him out to prognosticate trouble to somebody, and he is happy. Let him force his way into a peaceful home, and turn the whole house upside down by foretelling a funeral, or predicting a bankruptcy, or hinting at a coming disgrace, or some other terrible disaster, about which nobody in their senses would want to know sooner than they could possible help, and the prior knowledge of which can serve no useful purpose whatsoever, and he feels that he is combining duty with pleasure. He would never forgive himself if anybody in his family had a trouble and he had not been there for a couple of months beforehand, doing silly tricks on the lawn or balancing himself on somebody's bedrail.("Introduction" to TOLD AFTER SUPPER)
Melissa Landers, Starflight|She had no idea what the future would hold for any of them, beyond possibilities as infinite as the stars. And really, that was enough.
Richard Dawkins, The Selfish Gene|Among the things most characteristic of organisms--most distinctive of living as opposed to inorganic systems--is a sort of directedness. Their structures and activities have an adaptedness, an evident and vital usefulness to the organism. Darwin's answer and ours is to accept the common sense view...[that] the end ("telos") [is] that the individual and the species may survive. But this end is (usually) unconscious and impersonal. Naive teleology is controverted not by ignoring the obvious existence of such ends but by providing a naturalistic, materialistic explanation of the adaptive characteristics serving them. [Book review in "Science," 1959, p. 673.]
Anthony Trollope, Can You Forgive Her?|Idle Jeffrey, when asking his cousin for money: "I fear I have not a mercenary tendency." The Chancellor of the Exchequer and his cousin, Plantagenet Palliser: "Men must have mercenary tendencies or they would not have bred. The man who plows, so he may live, does so because, luckily, he has mercenary tendencies."Jeffrey: "Just so, but you see I am less lucky than the plowman."Palliser: "There is no vulgar error so vulgar, that is to say common or erroneous, as that by which men have been taught to say that mercenary tendencies are bad. The desire for wealth is the source of all progress. Civilization comes from what men call greed. Let your mercenary tendencies be combines with honesty, and they cannot take you astray.
Shannon Hale, The Unfairest of Them All|Whether what you learned was objectively true or false, the conclusions that you made about yourself, your environment, and other people will be replayed in your life because they become a part of who you are.
Alysha Speer|Depression weighs you down like a rock in a river. You don't stand a chance. You can fight and pray and hope you have the strength to swim, but sometimes, you have to let yourself sink. Because you'll never know true happiness until someone or something pulls you back out of that river--and you'll never believe it until you realize it was you, yourself who saved you.
Rahm Emanuel|I now sit at the table in a variety of ways with the House leadership... as we go through taking a look at threat assessments and hot spots around the world. It's a national position, but certainly I don't forget that New Jersey has a critical part of national defense.
Pam Allyn, What to Read When: The Books and Stories to Read with Your Child--and All the Best Times to Read Them|If you love the backs of cereal boxes or still recall how much you loved the Archie comics, share all that with your child. Ingesting words, like fruit and vegetables, is just plain good for us, no matter where they are coming from.
Kat Banyard|Why does it have to come down to choosing just one man, when no one man can give me everything I want?
Lisa Kleypas, Love in the Afternoon|That's why I don't tell people about us. They wouldn't understand, and 1 don't feel the need to explain, simply because I know in my heart how real it was. When I think of you, I can't help smiling, knowing that you've completed me somehow. I love you, not just for now, but for always, and I dream of the day that you'll take me in your arms again.
Felix Wantang, God's Blueprint of the Holy Bible|Money does not go only to those who go to church, it goes to those who know and comply with the laws of money
Clive Barker|Not all monsters are filled with darkness.' She wanted him to understand this so badly that her voice trembled.He didn't even hesitate. 'This one is.'She allowed herself a moment to admire Tommy, the way he stood so resolute, like a knight charging after the monster. He just didn't get that this fight wasn't his to wage.'Exactly so,' she finally said.Of course Tommy would think she talking to him. He exhaled as though relieved and the start of a smile eased the tension around his lips. By the time he realized that she'd spoken the words to someone over his shoulder, it was already too late.
Paula Altenburg, Desire by Design|Excerpt from Winning Streak, Las Vegas Sinners Book 3, coming later this year:Tonight’s ensemble was typical Madden. Dark and faded but expensive jeans, a fitted, black Vegas is For Lovers t-shirt and some Doc Martin boots. Okay, those were a little unusual. “We’re not going for a hike in the desert, are we?”“Not exactly.”“What is ‘not exactly’? I’m not a pee-behind-a-tree kind of girl.
John MacArthur, Jr.|Neither the Temple of Solomon, the Second Temple, Mount Gerizim, nor Jerusalem itself replace the existential awareness of God within the soul. Likewise, the ornate sanctuaries of the Hagia Sophia in Constantinople, Saint Peter’s Basilica in Rome, Saint Basil’s Cathedral in Moscow, neither Westminster Abbey in London, nor Saint Patrick’s Cathedral in New York contain the Holy Spirit without the faith of their congregants.
Jerry Hall|I believe in the imperative to explore, so any project that I can be involved with that celebrates that, and expands people's imagination around that idea of pushing out, is one of the most positive things that I think I could be involved with.
Lisa See, Shanghai Girls|We hug, but there are no tears. For every awful thing that's been said and done, she is my sister. Parents die, daughters grow up and marry out, but sisters are for life. She is the only person left in the world who shares my memories of our childhood, our parents, our Shanghai, our struggles, our sorrows, and, yes, even our moments of happiness and triumph. My sister is the one person who truly knows me, as I know her. The last thing May says to me is 'When our hair is white, we'll still have our sister love.
Aldous Huxley, The Perennial Philosophy|The man who wishes to know the "that" which is "thou" may set to work in any one of three ways. He may begin by looking inwards into his own particular thou and, by a process of "dying to self" --- self in reasoning, self in willing, self in feeling --- come at last to knowledge of the self, the kingdom of the self, the kingdom of God that is within. Or else he may begin with the thous existing outside himself, and may try to realize their essential unity with God and, through God, with one another and with his own being. Or, finally (and this is doubtless the best way), he may seek to approach the ultimate That both from within and from without, so that he comes to realize God experimentally as at once the principle of his own thou and of all other thous, animate and inanimate.
Criss Jami|Some crazy man came up to me and started screaming at me about how he hated Allah, and before I could tell him that my family was part of the Catholic Church in India, he knifed me.
Richard Feynman|We are trying to prove ourselves wrong as quickly as possible, because only in that way can we find progress.
Marilyn French|Ignorant people see life as either existence or non-existence, but wise men see it beyond both existence and non-existence to something that transcends them both; this is an observation of the Middle Way.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|Maybe we don’t ever feel that sweetly untainted and wholly majestic kind of love that takes every longing captive because we are hopelessly entangled in the illogical fear that despite all of love’s grand goodness, it might not be good enough to keep us safe.
Juanes|'Idol' was groundbreaking television. I am very fortunate to have won the show at the time. 'Idol' changed my life, and I am thankful.
B.R. Ambedkar|Free yourself from one passion to be dominated by another and nobler one. But is not that, too, a form of slavery? To sacrifice oneself to an idea, to a race, to God? Or does it mean that the higher the model the longer the tether of our slavery? Then we can enjoy ourselves and frolic in a more spacious arena and die without having come to the end of the tether. Is that, then, what we call liberty?
William Landay, Mission Flats|But sometimes you can't figure everything out because you can't ever really understand other people. You can't understand why they do what they do. You just have to accept a little mystery, Ben. People are mysterious, the world is mysterious. You can't know everything. You're not supposed to. This isn't a history book. It's just the world. It's a messy place.
Jimi Hendrix|All I'm writing is just what I feel, that's all. I just keep it almost naked. And probably the words are so bland.
Maria V. Snyder, Magic Study|Pushing magic toward the candle, I willed it to light. Nothing happened.Irys made a strangled sound and the candle burned. “Are you directing your magic to the candle?”“Yes. W
Richard Finney, Unknown Book 12735975|Young man, the truth is what you create.
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|We must return to the first question of philosophy: "Do we want the truth?"We indict others when they ignore it or twist it to their own agendas. But do we honestly want the truth above all else, even when the truth will cost us, even when we must reverse our stance and run the risk of others' derision? Are we willing to radically change our lives in order to pursue it? Are we willing to change, to let go of lifelong, cherished, character-bound beliefs? Are we willing to pay?
Dalai Lama XIV|Still, it was fair to say that the minimum requirement for a truly enjoyable existence would be unbridled promiscuity.
George Orwell, 1984|How does one man assert his power over another, Winston?”Winston thought. “By making him suffer,” he said.“Exactly. By making him suffer. Obedience is not enough. Unless he is suffering, how can you be sure that he is obeying your will and not his own?...
Craig D. Lounsbrough|When we choose to stay down, we are in reality confusing wisdom with cowardice. When we choose to stand back up, we are using wisdom to overcome cowardice.
R. Alan Woods|Now, quite apart from the fact that, from the point of view of the Earther, socialism suffers the devastating liability of only exhibiting internal contradictions when you are trying to use it as an adjunct to your own stupidity (unlike capitalism, which again, from the point of view of the Earther, happily has them built in from the start), it is the case that because Free Enterprise got there first and set up the house rules, it will always stay at least one kick ahead of its rivals.
Francis Ford Coppola|Courage is the greatest of all virtues, because if you haven't courage, you may not have an opportunity to use any of the others.
Christopher Healy, The Hero's Guide to Being an Outlaw|Bruce Wayne/Batman: A hero can be anyone, even a man doing something as simple and reassuring as putting a coat on a young boy's shoulders to let him know that the world hadn't ended.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|If she captured Tamlin’s power once, who’s to say she can’t do it again?” It was the question I hadn’t yet dared voice.“He won’t be tricked again so easily,” he said, staring up at the ceiling. “Her biggest weapon is that she keeps our powers contained. But she can’t access them, not wholly—though she can control us through them. It’s why I’ve never been able to shatter her mind—why she’s not dead already. The moment you break Amarantha’s curse, Tamlin’s wrath will be so great that no force in the world will keep him from splattering her on the walls.”A chill went through me.“Why do you think I’m doing this?” He waved a hand to me.“Because you’re a monster.”He laughed. “True, but I’m also a pragmatist. Working Tamlin into a senseless fury is the best weapon we have against her. Seeing you enter into a fool’s bargain with Amarantha was one thing, but when Tamlin saw my tattoo on your arm … Oh, you should have been born with my abilities, if only to have felt the rage that seeped from him.”I didn’t want to think much about his abilities. “Who’s to say he won’t splatter you as well?”“Perhaps he’ll try—but I have a feeling he’ll kill Amarantha first. That’s what it all boils down to, anyway: even your servitude to me can be blamed on her. So he’ll kill her tomorrow, and I’ll be free before he can start a fight with me that will reduce our once-sacred mountain to rubble.” He picked at his nails. “And I have a few other cards to play.”I lifted my brows in silent question.“Feyre, for Cauldron’s sake. I drug you, but you don’t wonder why I never touch you beyond your waist or arms?”Until tonight—until that damned kiss. I gritted my teeth, but even as my anger rose, a picture cleared.“It’s the only claim I have to innocence,” he said, “the only thing that will make Tamlin think twice before entering into a battle with me that would cause a catastrophic loss of innocent life. It’s the only way I can convince him I was on your side. Believe me, I would have liked nothing more than to enjoy you—but there are bigger things at stake than taking a human woman to my bed.”I knew, but I still asked, “Like what?”“Like my territory,” he said, and his eyes held a far-off look that I hadn’t yet seen. “Like my remaining people, enslaved to a tyrant queen who can end their lives with a single word. Surely Tamlin expressed similar sentiments to you.” He hadn’t—not entirely. He hadn’t been able to, thanks to the curse.“Why did Amarantha target you?” I dared ask. “Why make you her whore?”“Beyond the obvious?” He gestured to his perfect face. When I didn’t smile, he loosed a breath. “My father killed Tamlin’s father—and his brothers.”I started. Tamlin had never said—never told me the Night Court was responsible for that.“It’s a long story, and I don’t feel like getting into it, but let’s just say that when she stole our lands out from under us, Amarantha decided that she especially wanted to punish the son of her friend’s murderer—decided that she hated me enough for my father’s deeds that I was to suffer.”I might have reached a hand toward him, might have offered my apologies—but every thought had dried up in my head. What Amarantha had done to him …“So,” he said wearily, “here we are, with the fate of our immortal world in the hands of an illiterate human.
Robert Bridges|I can't live without my beauty products. I love to be in my bathroom with my candles lit, morning, noon and night. I like taking hot baths and hot showers, using my body scrubs and lotions.
Patricia Hamill, Fearless|Pulling back, like a savage carnivore at its prey, it tore a large chunk of meat rendering his left arm useless...regardless he did not require it for long.
Marquis de Sade, Justine|At the present time it is widely accepted among lawyers that law is higher than morality—law is something which is shaped and developed, whereas morality is something inchoate and amorphous. This is not the case. The opposite is true: morality is higher than law! Law is our human attempt to embody in rules a part of that moral sphere which is above us. We try to understand this morality, bring it down to earth, and present it in the form of law. Sometimes we are more successful, sometimes less. Sometimes we have a mere caricature of morality, but morality is always higher than law. This view must never be abandoned.
Timothy J. Keller, Every Good Endeavor: Connecting Your Work to God's Plan for the World|Christians are God's delivery people, through whom he does his giving to a needy world. We are conduits of God's grace to others. Our eternal investment portfolio should be full of the most strategic kingdom-building projects to which we can disburse God's funds.
shashidhar sa|Heartily know, when half-gods go, the gods arrive.
Ty Burrell|I come from an artistic family. My dad's an actor, my mother's an actress, my sister's an actress. So I kind of grew up in that kind of environment. Oddly enough, I never really knew about my parents' work. I've seen small clips of it, but we never actually spoke about the business.
Hermann Hesse, Narcissus and Goldmund|Man is a dubious mixture of mind and matter; since the mind unlocks recognition of the eternal to him, while matter pulls him down and binds him to the transitory, he should strive away from the senses and toward the mind if he wishes to elevate his life and give it meaning.
Anonymous|in a relationship that is successful, communication has to be totally open and honest, without judgement or anger. and before you end a relationship that is very important to you, you have to be able to say to yourself that you seeked every avenue to make it work.
Michael K. Powell|Product investment, quality management, and all the things that are key for a car company - great, there has been no compromise in those aspects. But I feel there's a lot we could do on communication, particularly from a Chinese perspective.
Dana Reinhardt, The Summer I Learned to Fly|And the German society of eighty million people had been shielded against reality and factuality by exactly the same means, the same self-deception, lies, and stupidity that had now become engrained in Eichmann's mentality. These lies changed from year to year, and they frequently contradicted each other; moreover, they were not necessarily the same for the various branches of the Party hierarchy or the people at large. But the practice of self-deception had become so common, almost a moral prerequisite for survival, that even now, eighteen years after the collapse of the Nazi regime, when most of the specific content of its lies has been forgotten, it is sometimes difficult not to believe that mendacity has become an integral part of the German national character.
Auliq Ice|You can’t prepare for the details of every single possible thing that might come your way in the future, because the future is uncertain.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Good health, good life.
Kate Rooper, Jane Unwrapped|She wants me. And I am terrified, knowing how much I want her back.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|There is much to be said for cherry blossoms, but they seem so flighty. They are so quick to run off and leave you. And then just when your regrets are the strongest the wisteria comes into bloom, and it blooms on into the summer. There is nothing quite like it. Even the color is somehow companionable and inviting.
Chris Cleave, Little Bee|Exposing corruption, brandishing truth.
Armin Navabi, Why There Is No God: Simple Responses to 20 Common Arguments for the Existence of God|It is likely that religious beliefs have been so widespread because they tap into the psychological desires of many people, not because there is any external proof of their veracity.
Anthony T. Hincks|Children from all over the world have the same religion, childhood!
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Don’t misconceive God; His purpose is for us to enjoy fruits, but He gave us seeds so that we can grow the fruits. Misuse of a seed is a murder of fruits!
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Slowly, very slowly, he sat up, and as he did so he felt more alive, and more aware of his own living body than ever before. Why had he never appreciated what a miracle he was, brain and nerve and bounding heart? It would all be gone...or at least, he would be gone from it. His breath came slow and deep, and his mouth and throat were completely dry, but so were his eyes.
Jack Prelutsky|I always believe it's better to have 30 imaginations working on a project, rather than one imagination telling the other 29 what to do.
Paul Harding, Enon|I was ravenous for my child and took to gorging myself in the boneyard, hoping that she might possibly meet me halfway, or just beyond, one night, if only for an instant—step back into her own bare feet, onto the wet grass or fallen leaves or snowy ground of the living Enon, so that we could share just one last human word.
Thomm Quackenbush, Artificial Gods|If you get enough people believing one thing, it's like reality bends itself to allow that to exist.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton|We should give to our rulers, our sires and sons no rest until all our rights— social, civil and political— are fully accorded. How are men to know what we want unless we tell them? They have no idea that our wants, material and spiritual, are the same as theirs; that we love justice, liberty and equality as well as they do; that we believe in the principles of self-government, in individual rights, individual conscience and judgment, the fundamental ideas of the Protestant religion and republican government.
Kamand Kojouri|We are told that in translation there is no such thing as equivalence. Many times the translator reaches a fork in the translating road where they must make a choice in the interpretation of a word. And each time they make one of these choices, they are taken further from the truth. But what we aren’t told is that this isn’t a shortcoming of translation; it’s a shortcoming of language itself. As soon as we try to put reality into words, we limit it. Words are not reality, they are the cause of reality, and thus reality is always more. Writers aren't alchemists who transmute words into the aurous essence of the human experience. No, they are glassmakers. They create a work of art that enables us to see inside to help us understand. And if they are really good, we can see our own reflections staring back at us.
Giridhar Alwar, My Quest For Happy Life|Make it a point to get to the real point, though at some point in time you may not get the point; just keep your focus on the main point and you shall definitely score a point in the end!
Edward Frenkel, Love and Math: The Heart of Hidden Reality|I had worked my way through a thousand problems, like when the tar paper bulged on the corners so I used a strap wrapped around the whole house and ratcheted it tight to attach the trim; I had figured that out without using a book, and that was just one of a bunch of ideas that had saved the day. I liked it; I was falling in love with the way my kneecaps knew how to hold a piece of plywood halfway up till I could grab the underside with my hand. I like the way the little house was taking shape, and the way it seemed to double-dog dare me to step in... move in.
Christopher Brookmyre, Be My Enemy|Is it colour?’‘Oh yes.’‘You don’t let me down.You are my ambassador to pr0n, man.
John Calvin|Thunderously, inarguably, the Sermon on the Mount proves that before God we all stand on level ground: murderers and temper-throwers, adulterers and lusters, thieves and coveters. We are all desperate, and that is in fact the only state appropriate to a human being who wants to know God. Having fallen from the absolute Ideal, we have nowhere to land but in the safety net of absolute grace.
Otsuichi, Goth|The air changes. Then that invisible spider crawls up my spine, tickling the hairs behind my neck. I have come to know this spider these last couple of years. It whispers there’s something else in the room, breathing with you, watching you, grinning at you.I hate that damn spider.
Colin Fleming|I don’t think there’s a less elitist thing on earth to do than to try and reach out and connect with another human being . . . And that’s what the best writing does, that’s what art does. It looks a reader in the eye, and it proceeds honestly with that reader, and nakedly. There is a compact there, a bond, a relationship, a union, a symbiosis . . . It’s not about you. Whether you’re a genius or an idiot savant. It’s about the work. The work is more important than you. So it’s not about back-claps and plaudits and “isn’t that author smart.” It’s about, “this book really connected with me. And even though you, my friend, are very different from me, I’m lending it to you, because I think it will connect with you as well.” Community. Across the eras. Between people who have never met, who will never meet, who are nonetheless bound in something together, in different ways.
Ashish Patel|An easy life does not make men, nor does it build nations. Challenges make men, and it is these men who build nations.
Steven Pressfield, The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks & Win Your Inner Creative Battles|This is the other secret that real artists know and wannabe writers don’t. When we sit down each day and do our work, power concentrates around us. The Muse takes note of our dedication. She approves. We have earned favor in her sight. When we sit down and work, we become like a magnetized rod that attracts iron filings. Ideas come. Insights accrete.
Brandon Mull|It was an emergency!" Seth blurted. "Read my lips - emergency reading - not some demented idea of fun. If I was starving, I would eat asparagus. If somebody held a gun to my head, I would watch a soap opera. And to save Fablehaven, I would read a book, okay, are you happy?"You had best be careful, Seth," Grandma warned. "The love of reading can be contagious."I just lost my appetite," he declared...
Karen Davis|I have been impressed by the realization that a few men have virtually 'decided' what experiences count and even exist in the world. The language of Western science--the reigning construct of male hegemony--precludes the ability to express the experiential realities it talks about. Virtually all the actual experiences of this world, expressed through the manifest and mysterious characteristics of all the different beings, are unrepresented in the stainless steel edicts of experts. Where is the voice of the voiceless in the scientific literature, including the literature of environmental ethics?
Kate White, I Shouldn't Be Telling You This: Success Secrets Every Gutsy Girl Should Know|If you’ve just had a brief conversation at an event, ask, “Is it all right if I drop you a note?” You can follow up with a question in writing. Also, periodically send your potential mentor or sponsor information that she will find insightful. When you have an accomplishment under your belt, let her know about it.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Just think! This whole world of ours is only a speck of mildew sprung up on a tiny planet, yet we think we can have something great - thoughts,, actions! They are all but grains of sand
Dada Bhagwan|One whose faith (nishtha) is set in God, he is known as Brahma-nishtha (settled in the Self).
Frederick Buechner, Telling the Truth: The Gospel as Tragedy, Comedy, and Fairy Tale|Here and there and not just in books we catch glimpses of a world of once upon a time and they lived happily ever after, of a world where there is a wizard to give courage and a heart, an angel with a white stone that has written on it our true and secret name, and it is so easy to dismiss it all that it is hardly worth bothering to do. ... But if the world of the fairy tale and our glimpses of it here and there are only a dream, they are one of the most haunting and powerful dreams that the world has ever dreamed...
Gift Gugu Mona|Since marriage is for two people, it is difficult to remain in it when one person steps out of it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|All great people had critics but they still believe in the beauty of their dreams, fully persuaded to stay focused and determined for the realisationof their dreams.
Alison Singh Gee, Where the Peacocks Sing: A Palace, a Prince, and the Search for Home|I had chosen to leave, and live alone in a foreign country. And in fleeing thousands of miles across the Pacific, I chose myself, and a chance at a different future.
Donald Miller|Wisdom and penetration are the fruit of experience, not the lessons of retirement and leisure. Great necessities call out great virtues.
Nicholas Eames, Kings of the Wyld|(...) Clay knew better. He and Gabriel had been friends for thirty-five years, and Gabe had been talking him into doing recklessly stupid shit for damn near all of them. He was a charismatic craftsman: every heart a furnace, every soul a blade.
Greg Louganis|It's kind of ironic that the two sports with the greatest characters, boxing and horse racing, have both been on the decline. In both cases it's for the lack of a suitable hero.
Tarun Betala|If you can't write a book, write a chapter. If you can't do that, write a page, a sentence or a word. For it is from a single word that books are made.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Single moms: You are a doctor, a teacher, a nurse, a maid, a cook, a referee, a heroine, a provider, a defender, a protector, a true Superwoman. Wear your cape proudly.
John Carroll Lynch|The most common form of giantism is a condition called acromegaly, and acromegaly is caused by a benign tumor on your pituitary gland that causes an overproduction of human growth hormone. And throughout history, many of the most famous giants have all had acromegaly.
Ashlee Mallory, Her Accidental Husband|When I take you in my arms, I wonder how on earth I ever survived without know what that felt like before I met you.
Poppet, Aisyx|He puts his arm around me, the lights dancing on his dark skin constantly skipping across to mine, planting a myriad of emotions into each pore as if preparing my heart for tilling.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|Dimitri is dead," she said. It was a statement, not a question, but she was looking to me for confirmation. I wondered if I'd given away something, some hint that there was still more to the story. Or maybe she just needed the certainty of those words. And for a moment, I considered telling them that Dimitri was dead. It was what the Academy would tell them, what the guardians would tell them. It would be easier on them...but somehow, I couldn't stand to lie to them—even if it was a comforting lie. Dimitri would have wanted the whole truth, and his family would too. "No," I said, and for a heartbeat, hope sprang up in everyone's faces—at least until I spoke again. "Dimitri's a Strigoi.
Jesse Petersen|Make requests, not demands.example: “please” kill that zombie honey, I’m out of bullets.
Louisa May Alcott|Are you thankful for not being young?''Yes, sir. If I was young, it would all have to be gone through again, and the end would be a weary way off, don't you see?...
Agnes Macphail|Women have a lot to say about how to advance women's rights, and governments need to learn from that, listen to the movement and respond.
Silvia Hartmann|I had once repeated the experiment to reassure myself that this was so, and it was. Ashes to ashes; starch to sugar. A little window into the Creation
Ray Bradbury, Long After Midnight|I think that all women are witches, in the sense that a witch is a magical being. And a wizard, which is a male version of a witch, is kind of revered, and people respect wizards. But a witch, my god, we have to burn them. It’s the male chauvinistic society that we’re living in for the longest time, 3,000 years or whatever. And so I just wanted to point out the fact that men and women are magical beings. We are very blessed that way, so I’m just bringing that out. Don’t be scared of witches, because we are good witches, and you should appreciate our magical power.
Alan Furst, Dark Star|…is there anyone so deaf that he cannot hear in Byzantine churches some echo of the Catacombs? What could be more natural than that just as martyrs made paintings for martyrs, latter-day bureaucrats paint for bureaucrats?
Craig Groeschel|Your prayer for someone may or may not change them, but it always changes YOU.
Dean Lilleyman, Billy and the Devil|[Texting] discourages thoughtful discussion or any level of detail. And the addictive problems are compounded by texting's hyperimmediacy. E-mails take some time to work their way through the Internet, through switches and routers and servers, and they require that you take the step of explicitly opening them. Text messages magically appear on the screen of your phone and demand immediate attention from you. Add to that the social expectation that an unanswered text feels insulting to the sender, and you've got a recipe for addiction: You receive a text, and that activates your novelty centers. You respond and feel rewarded for having completed a task (even though that task was entirely unknown to you fifteen seconds earlier). Each of those delivers a shot of dopamine as your limbic system cries out "More! More! Give me more!
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Animal allies are all around, offering beauty and connection.
Monty Python and the Holy Grail|It might have interested Newt to know that, of the thirty-nine thousand women tested with the pin during the centuries of witch-hunting, twenty-nine thousand said “ouch,” nine thousand, nine hundred and ninety-nine didn’t feel anything because of the use of the aforesaid retractable pins, and one witch declared that it had miraculously cleared up the arthritis in her leg.
Dawn Metcalf, Invisible|Joy, you are my everything. You are everything that matters to me. Tell me that you understand. Tell me that you feel this, too.
Kamil Ali, Profound Vers-A-Tales|It wouldn't have to be sunny It wouldn't have to be anything else then just that It would really simplify my walk home at night, where every thought I think is some contrived line I repeat over and over to myself Words are always just replaced with new ones The pictures would never need to know otherwise
Katharine Graham|Only on paper has humanity yet achieved glory, beauty, truth, knowledge, virtue, and abiding love.
Frank Sonnenberg, BookSmart: Hundreds of real-world lessons for success and happiness|He’d often ignored his uncle’s teachings about gentlemanly behavior, but one stricture he’d always abided by: no man worth his salt took advantage of a woman.
Osho, And The Flowers Showered Discourses On Zen|The old gods of revenge, the Furies, who are all women, put the family ahead of all other values; the new gods, mostly men, are for detached universal law that makes no exception for particular individuals, families, or cities.
Debra Winger|Few would argue that Richard Dawkins is the world's most famous atheist, especially now that his friend and rival for the title, Christopher Hitchens, has now gone to meet his Maker.
Peter Matthiessen, The Snow Leopard|In the book of Job, the Lord demands, “Where wast thou when I laid the foundations of the earth?”“I was there!”-surely that is the answer to God’s question. For no matter how the universe came into being, most of the atoms in these fleeting assemblies that we think of as our bodies have been in existence since the beginning. Each breath we take contains hundreds of thousands of the inert, pervasive argon atoms that were actually breathed in his lifetime by the Buddha, and indeed contain parts of all the ‘snorts, sighs, bellows, shrieks” of all creatures that ever existed or will exist. These atoms flow backward and forward in such useful but artificial constructs as time and space, in the same universal rhythms, universal breath as the tides and stars, joining both the living and the dead in that energy which animates the universe.
Amit Chaudhuri, Calcutta: Two Years in the City|Calcutta has still not recovered from history: people mourn the past, and abhor it deeply.
Anna Jae|What we colloquially call 'feeling bored' is just the mind, acting out of a self-preserving reflex, ejecting information it has despaired of knowing where to place.
Stephen Leacock|If someone were to say that life at hard labor is as painful as death and therefore equally cruel, I should reply that, taking all the unhappy moments of perpetual slavery together, it is perhaps even more painful, but these moments are spread out over a lifetime, and capital punishment exercises all its power in an instant.
Nikki Glaser|I've been trying to learn how to not be so conflicted about things like my own anger. I've always had a place in my music for my anger as a way of compensating for not having a mechanism to express it in my everyday life. So I've been trying to be more true to myself, and that helps me to chill out a little bit. But politically, uh-uh. No.
Michael  Grant, Gone|Speak when you're angry, and you'll make the best speech you'll ever regret.
Jackie Kay, Wish I Was Here|You cannot penalize a man for one slip. Then she lay wondering about the word slip. When you slip, you fall, but maybe it is not such a sore fall because you have slipped.
Carl Henegan|Wasn't the whole point of being an artist, or at least part of it, that you didn't have to wear a tie?
Voltaire|The more I read, the more I acquire, the more certain I am that I know nothing.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Twisted|I picked up one of the books and flipped through it. Don't get me wrong, I like reading. But some books should come with warning labels: Caution: contains characters and plots guaranteed to induce sleepiness. Do not attempt to operate heavy machinery after ingesting more than one chapter. Has been known to cause blindness, seizures and a terminal loathing of literature. Should only be taken under the supervision of a highly trained English teacher. Preferably one who grades on the curve.
Tyler Knott Gregson|I just may be the strangest person you will ever know. I am filled with too many oddities and too few consistencies and I will always lack the spongey filter that should live between brain and mouth. These defining traits these enduring characteristics, and these fingers crossed that in all of it, you will find them irresistible.
Ursula K Le Guin, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas|As we did without clergy, let us do without soldiers. The joy built upon successful slaughter is not the right kind of joy; it will not do; it is fearful and it is trivial.
Laura Kinsale, The Prince of Midnight|Its been six weeks," he murmured. "Six weeks I've wanted you. I know how you move, and how the sunlight makes a shadow on the curve of your cheek, and the shape of your ear." He chucked harshly then turned his head on the pillow to look at her. "I'm dying," he said. He dropped his fist against his chest. "Right here, you're killing me.
Robert Galbraith|Isn’t Santa just a stand in for the society that has locked them up for formative years? Something that watches and judges, telling them that they got what they deserved based on their behavior? Surely they have to have noticed that Saint Nick, like the judicial system itself, tends to look more favorably upon rich children. He is fat, white, past middle age, and holds all the cards.
Sheri Fink|It remains to be seen the extent to which the critical needs of seniors in low income high rises, people with home medical needs and those with disabilities have been adequately planned for and met during widespread power outages. I fear the answers.
David Carson|By far the most difficult skill I learned as a C.E.O. was the ability to manage my own psychology. Organizational design, process design, metrics, hiring and firing were all relatively straightforward skills to master compared with keeping my mind in check.
Afrika Bambaataa|I don't know, my music has always just come from where the wind blew me. Like where I'm at during a particular moment in time.
Sara Naveed, Undying Affinity|Never judge a situation merely with a negative perspective. Look at the positive side too,” he added. “And if you do that, you will eventually feel better.
Helen Simonson, The Summer Before the War|Most of all I remember that what begins with drums and fife, flags and bunting, becomes too swiftly a long and grey winter of the spirit.
Cassi Clark, Breastfeeding Is a Bitch: But We Lovingly Do it Anyway|In case you haven't heard, let me tell you now, babies do not come out knowing how to breastfeed.
S.J. Watson, Before I Go to Sleep|A thousand moments lost because you took them for granted, just because you expected a thousand more.
Bill Cosby|If you desire to be pure, have firm faith, and slowly go on with your devotional practices without wasting your energy in useless scriptural discussions and arguments. Your little brain will otherwise be muddled.
Jess Glynne|To transcend limitations and form positive new patterns of life based on who you know you can be rather than who you were yesterday, you must give up the modes of thinking, feeling and behaving that only keep you chained to your past.
Lisa  Thomson, The Great Escape: A Girl's Guide To Leaving a Marriage|Marriage creates one world for your child. For that alone, two old friends can try to see a peaceful world through the eyes of their angels.
Sunday Adelaja|It is clear looking at statistics of inventions, discoveries and fortune 500 companies, that it is not the believers that are managing the affairs of the earth. What a tragedy!!!
G. D. H. Cole|Man is everywhere in chains, and his chains will not be broken till he feels that it is degrading to be a bondsman, whether to an individual or to a State. The disease of civilization is not so much the material poverty of the many as the decay of the spirit of freedom and self-confidence. The revolt that will change the world will spring, not from the benevolence that breeds "reform", but from the will to be free. Men will act together in the full consciousness of their mutual dependence; but they will act for themselves. Their liberty will not be given them from above; they will take it on their own behalf.
Daphne du Maurier, Frenchman's Creek|He had felt that a moment before his making the turn, someone had been there. The air seemed charged with a special calm as if someone had waited there, quietly, and only a moment before he came, simply turned to a shadow and let him through. Perhaps his nose detected a faint perfume, perhaps the skin on the backs of his hands, on his face, felt the temperature rise at this one spot where a person's standing might raise the immediate atmosphere ten degrees for an instant. There was no understanding it. Each time he made the turn, he saw only the white, unused, buckling sidewalk, with perhaps, on one night, something vanishing swiftly across a lawn before he could focus his eyes or speak.But now, tonight, he slowed almost to a stop. His inner mind, reaching out to turn the corner for him, had heard the faintest whisper. Breathing? Or was the atmosphere compressed merely by someone standing very quietly there, waiting?He turned the corner.
Osamu Dazai, The Setting Sun|Even if Mary gives birth to a child who is not her husband's, if she has a shining pride, they become a holy mother and child.
Dean Koontz, Odd Thomas|Perhaps they thought they could bring to this valley only those things they loved, leaving behind all ugliness.We are not, however, a species that can choose the baggage with which it must travel. In spite of our best intentions, we always find that we have brought along a suitcase or two of darkness, and misery.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Sure we all need money but what do you really focus on? It is a matter of the heart. If your thoughts are on material and worldly things, no good fruits can come out of it.Seek the kingdom of God first and the other things shall be added unto you not vice versa.
David Wroblewski, The Story of Edgar Sawtelle|So a dog's value came from the training AND the breeding. And by breeding, Edgar supposed he meant both the bloodlines - the particular dogs in their ancestry - and all the information in the file cabinets. Because the files, with their photographs, measurements, notes, charts, cross-references, and scores, told the STORY of the dog - what a MEANT as his father put it.
Tucker Elliot, The Rainy Season|Educators are in the news, too. Usually that’s bad. I had a favorite college professor. He used to tell us, 'If you make CNN as a teacher, you’re probably going to jail.
Mae West|You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Unknown|Pada awalnya semua, semua bangga pada pilihannya. Tapi pada akhirnya, tidak semua orang setia pada pilihannya. Karena yang tersulit dalam hidup, bukan memilih tapi bertahan pada pilihan.
Erma Bombeck|Ingenuity, plus courage, plus work, equals miracles.
Malala Yousafzai, I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban|His sisters -- my aunts -- did not go to school at all, just like millions of girls in my country. Education had been a great gift for him. He believed that lack of education was the root of all of Pakistan's problems. Ignorance allowed politicians to fool people and bad administrators to be re-elected. He believed schooling should be available for all, rich and poor, boys and girls. The school that my father dreamed of would have desks and a library, computers, bright posters on the walls and, most important, washrooms.
Martin H. Fischer|I feel it is unnatural and immoral to try to teach science to children in a foreign language They will know facts, but they will miss the spirit.
Ophelia London, Love Bites|I don't spill my drinks on just any man, you know." She touched his cheek. "only dashing shark lovers with pantydropping accents.
Joe Schreiber, Au Revoir, Crazy European Chick|One of my friends compared me to Bruce Banner, due to my work with radiation and human health. So I looked up Bruce Banner and this is what I found: Banner, a physicist, is sarcastic and seemingly very self-assured when he first appears in Incredible Hulk #1, but is also emotionally withdrawn in most fashions...Banner is considered one of the greatest scientific minds on Earth, possessing "a mind so brilliant it cannot be measured on any known intelligence test." He holds expertise in biology, chemistry, engineering, physiology, and nuclear physics.
Karen Duffy|Nobody could tell us or really had a very good idea, if there were a massive release of radiation, what kind of medical treatment people were going to need and this or that, or, indeed, whether there would be medical personnel around.
R. Alan Woods, The Person of The Holy Spirit: To Empower, Equip, and Enable|I've never met a politician who didn't deserve to be tossed into a pit full of Kallin," Beranabus grunts.
Erin McCarthy, Hard and Fast|Alright, good night,” he said, his words a little slurred. “But before I pass out, I want you to know that you’re the hottest biscuit this side of the gravy boat.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Consistency, constancy, and undeviating diligence to maintain Christian character are a must if the older generation is to command respect, or even a hearing, from the young.
Yvonne Woon, Dead Beautiful|Dante laughed. "No cold soup, no goat cheese. I'll make a mental note. And no Gottfried Curse.""And for you it's no food at all. No sleep. And no tunnels.""I'm low maintenance.""Is that what you are? Because I've been trying to figure it out all semester.""And what have you concluded?""A mutant. A rare disease. A creature from the inferno. Dante.""And what if you found out you were right?" he asked. "What if it meant that I could hurt you?""I would say that I'm not scared. Everyone has the ability to hurt. It's the choice that matters.
Bianca McCormick-Johnson, "I'm G.O.O.D.":|For every can't, there's a can. Cans are worth money, so you'd better start collecting them.
George Washington Carver|Fear of something is at the root of hate for others, and hate within will eventually destroy the hater.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|Where else can we find happiness for a day other than from something that can offer momentary relief, something like the booze?
Dave Logan, Tribal Leadership: Leveraging Natural Groups to Build a Thriving Organization|Alignment, to us, means bringing pieces into the same line - the same direction. The metaphor is that a magnet will make pieces of iron point toward it. Agreement is shared intellectual understanding. Tribes are clusters of people, and people are complex and nonrational at times. If a tribe is united only by agreement, as soon as times change, agreement has to be reestablished. If people learn new ideas or see a problem from a new perspective, they no longer agree, so tribes based on agreement often discourage learning, questioning, and independent thought. Tribes based on alignment want to maximize each person's contribution, provided that they stay pointed in the same direction like magnetized iron filings.
Katie Reus, Deadly Fallout|I'm adaptable. A nomad, my mom always says."	Zoe raised an eyebrow.	"Your mom?"	"Well I wasn't spawned.
Ban Ki-moon|Aside from what it teaches you, there is simply the indescribable degree of peace that can be achieved on a sailing vessel at sea. I guess a combination of hard work and the seemingly infinite expanse of the sea - the profound solitude - that does it for me.
Kate Meader, Flirting with Fire|Automatically, I eyed her slim, full-breasted figure and swallowed. For a junkie, this girl was put together. For anybody, this girl was put together.
William S. Burroughs, The Cat Inside|Cheshire Puss,' she began, rather timidly, as she did not at all know whether it would like the name: however, it only grinned a little wider. 'Come, it's pleased so far,' thought Alice, and she went on. 'Would you tell me, please, which way I ought to go from here?''That depends a good deal on where you want to get to,' said the Cat.'I don't much care where—' said Alice.'Then it doesn't matter which way you go,' said the Cat.'—so long as I get SOMEWHERE,' Alice added as an explanation.'Oh, you're sure to do that,' said the Cat, 'if you only walk long enough.
Tessa Dare, Say Yes to the Marquess|At some point, while you were roaming the globe, making treaties and dividing the spoils of war, I quietly declared my own independence. I am the sovereign nation of Clio now. And there will be no terms of surrender.
Michael Grant, Gone|Nadia...first, I'm flattered you like me. You're a wonderful girl, and I'm lucky that I met you. You're one of my best friends, my only friends. And since that night with Ivy, you've been amazing. You and your brother have truly been there when I needed you to be."I sigh. "Maybe if things had stayed normal—if I never got attacked, if I never met Ivy—I may have been able to return your feelings. But now...right now, I need a friend more than a girlfriend to help me get through this."Nadia didn't look very happy, but she nodded; she understood. "You really liked her, didn't you?"There was no doubt about my answer."Yeah. I did. I still do. And I will for the rest of my life.
Amity Shlaes, The Forgotten Man: A New History of the Great Depression|Most of the major ills of the world have been caused by well-meaning people who ignored the principle of individual freedom, except as applied to themselves, and who were obsessed with fanatical zeal to improve the lot of mankind-in-the-mass through some pet formula of their own. The harm done by ordinary criminals, murderers, gangsters, and thieves is negligible in comparison with the agony inflicted upon human beings by the professional do-gooders who attempt to set themselves up as gods on earth and who would ruthlessly force their views on all others with the abiding assurance that the end justifies the means.
Kirsten Dunst|No one thought the Mayweather-Pacquiao fight would happen, but I had patience.
Florence L. Barclay, The Rosary|She had once been described, by one who saw below the surface, as a perfectly beautiful woman in an absolutely plain shell.
Sarah Silverman|I cannot live under pressures from patrons, let alone paint.
Michele Jennae|A COnNeCtworker is a networker who is always taking into account the needs of others. Approaching people with a service attitude to bring them value and build a relationship. Then when that person is looking for a reliable service provider in a particular industry, they will pick the COnNeCtworker.
Maria Comninou|At the same time we see the phenomenon of successful women adopting the standards of men with a vengeance. Will women's march to power ascendancy, won against all odds, mean that they too will choose to flaunt their preferences for red meat, animal skin, sport hunting, and even bullfighting? As women are swelling the ranks of biomedical science, many have adopted the practice of animal experimentation. Will animal exploitation become the ultimate symbol of equality with the white male?
Sara Sheridan|Today women have the rights and equality our Victorian sisters could only dream of, and with those privileges comes the responsibility of standing up and being counted.
Lois Greiman, Unscrewed|Yeah, world peace would be all right, but what about a day off in a slab of ham the size of my head.
Steve Maraboli|Stop dwelling and wishing they'd see the light and treat you better. Instead, forgive yourself for keeping low standards, and love yourself enough to raise them.
Munia Khan|Happiness is the most magical thing in this world the amount of which remains the same, even after distributing it amongst innumerable unhappy people.
Janet Gallagher Nestor, Nurturing Wellness Through Radical Self-Care: A Living in Balance Guide and Workbook|Dedicate each day to living relaxed and worry-free. Consciously open your heart to the flow of Creation and Creation's energy. By doing so you have the power to create each day, one day at a time.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|To win our races, we will dare! The enemy may try every means to stop us, but look, "we won't care!
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Human beings intuitively divide time into the past, the present, and the future. We perceive the past as immutable and fixed, the present as reflecting actuality, and the future as undefined and nebulous. As time passes, the moment that was once was part of the present becomes part of the past; and a moment of the heretofore previously unrealized future arrives and becomes the new present. The past is a record, the present is real, and the future is an imaginary thought.
Tessa Gratton, The Lost Sun|If the Gods give up on you, will you continue?
Thomas Carlyle|Vulnerability is the essence of romance. It's the art of being uncalculated, the willingness to look foolish, the courage to say, 'This is me, and I'm interested in you enough to show you my flaws with the hope that you may embrace me for all that I am but, more important, all that I am not.'
Robyn Schneider, The Beginning of Everything|Words could betray you if you chose the wrong ones, or mean less if you used too many. Jokes could be grandly miscalculated, or stories deemed boring, and I'd learned early on that my sense of humor and ideas about what sorts of things were fascinating didn't exactly overlap with my friends'.
Andrew Levkoff, A Mixture of Madness|The power of the sky can be made to do men's bidding. There are no limits to its secrets and its might, and it can be made to grant us anything if we but choose to ask.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|Goodnight, moon. Goodnight, stars. Goodnight planets, comets and... Mars. Yes, even you, Mars. And not only for the sake of the rhyme.
Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh, When the Shoe Fits: Stories of the Taoist Mystic Chuang Tzu|I don't think my moped could outrun a cheetah.""Hun," Claire says. "There are more important things you need to outrun, and a moped isn't going to help you with any of those.
Hugh Lofting, Doctor Dolittle and the Green Canary|What is war?' I asked.Oh, it's a messy, stupid business,' he said, 'Two sides wave flags and beat drums and shoot one another dead. It always begins this way, making speeches, talking about rights, and all that sort of thing.'But what is it for? What do they get out of it?'I don't know,' he said. 'To tell you the truth, I don't think they know themselves.
T. Afsin Ilgar|...We lost our faith and went around wondering what life was for. If art was no more than a frustrated out-flinging of desire, if religion was no more than self-delusion, what good was life? Faith had always given us answers to all things. But it all went down the drain with Freud and Darwin. We were and still are a lost people.
Alice Walker|Even as I hold youI think of you as someone gonefar, far away. Your eyes the colorof pennies in a bowl of dark honeybringing sweet light to someone elseyour black hair slipping through my fingersis the flash of your head goingaround a corneryour smile, breaking before me,the flippant last turnof a revolving door,emptying you out, changed,away from me.Even as I hold youI am letting go.
Anthony Burgess, Earthly Powers|There is only one kind of immorality in fiction, and that is when you write badly.
Abhijit Naskar, I Am The Thread: My Mission|The black, the white, the brown, the red, the yellow, the hetero, the homo, the trans, the poor, the rich, the literate, the illiterate, the weak, the strong – all are my sisters and brothers. My life is their life. And till the last breath in my body, I shall be serving you all with all the power in my veins. And beyond death, my ideas shall be serving you for eternity.
Javier Marías|Lo!" said Percivale, "those I had slain were not put to silence. I heard their breath speak out of the lips of others; I saw their looks mock out of the eyes of others; the life that was gone from their bodies was but draughted to enliven fresh matter. In every ray of light, in every gust that blew, the life of the dead moved to confound me. Ah, Saint, the things they had uttered were black and heavy; I could not bear them.
Michael  Grant, Light|We may be happy but just don’t know it yet. Many want to rebuke themselves for not finding the threshold of well being, since they simply haven’t learnt to be nice to themselves and to enjoy the privileged twinklings of life. ("C’est quand le bonheur ?" )
Anike Kirsten|I dealt with people like this for 20 years. They will get up every day. They will kill somebody and go have some chicken at KFC. You will catch them eating chicken and drinking a beer after they just murdered three people. Sean, these people are out there. They're all over the place.
Candice Raquel Lee, The Innocent: A Myth|He stared at me in complete puzzlement, “And while I’m committing incest for you is there anything else you’d like? Maybe a side-order of bestiality?
Jonathan Lethem|For those whose ganglia were formed pre-TV, the mimetic deployment of pop-culture icons seems at best an annoying tic and at worst a dangerous vapidity that compromises fiction's seriousness by dating it out of the Platonic Always, where it ought to reside.
André Aciman, Call Me by Your Name|Cruelty is a language that the blind can see, the deaf can hear, and the heart feels forever.
J. B. Smoove|I am a particular fan of integrative exercise - that is, exercise that occurs in the course of doing some productive activity such as gardening, bicycling to work, doing home improvement projects and so on.
C.P. Snow, Variety of Men|One day at Fenner's (the university cricket ground at Cambridge), just before the last war, G. H. Hardy and I were talking about Einstein. Hardy had met him several times, and I had recently returned from visiting him. Hardy was saying that in his lifetime there had only been two men in the world, in all the fields of human achievement, science, literature, politics, anything you like, who qualified for the Bradman class. For those not familiar with cricket, or with Hardy's personal idiom, I ought to mention that “the Bradman class” denoted the highest kind of excellence: it would include Shakespeare, Tolstoy, Newton, Archimedes, and maybe a dozen others. Well, said Hardy, there had only been two additions in his lifetime. One was Lenin and the other Einstein.
Colleen Hoover, November 9|Vanity is by far my favorite of all sins, and the camera lens is the ultimate vanity mirror. The camera captures all moods and nuances; immortalizes the soft and silky continuum that is humanity. Those still life moments seem so fluid, so representative of continuity. They are a single moment captured, yet an eternity expressed. All your youth; all your ages, captured and expressed in a single click. Of all the indulgences, vanity is certainly my favorite which we should otherwise resist, but are inexplicably captivated by and addicted. What other animal would spend so much time pouting and preening for its reflection? Only humanity would participate in such self-adoration. You would think we have the most colorful feathers or softest of manes. Rather, we are a naked biped that feels incomplete without some decorative element, accessory, or embellishment of the self. We are intoxicated by the image of the body, no different than we are seduced by fine wines, foods, or mind altering elements. We devour the skin, and peel away clothes as if they were the skin of some tropical fruit, covering a colorful and juicy interior. We hunt for bodily pleasures, and collect them as prizes; show them off in social situations as if our companions were some sort of extended adornment to ourselves. We are revealed in our sensuality. To touch beneath the surface; to connect beyond facades, that unattainable discourse between individuals is put tentatively within reach in intimacy. To capture those moments is to capture the essence of what makes us human, and what ultimately sets us above and aside from the rest of nature. Capturing humanity in its most extravagant expressions is intoxicating. Vanity is by far my favorite sin, and it is an endless tale as infinite as humanity. Every person is but a stitch in a giant tapestry.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes|Repeat one word of what I just said and I'll cheerfully beat you to death, Mike.
Cara Delevingne|I think being directed and mentored by someone as inspirational as Paul Feig not only improves my performance but, as a whole, makes it what it is.
J.Z. Colby, The Local Universe|The universe is so arranged that the power to destroy the climate or the ecosystem of your home planet only comes when you also have the wisdom to know that doing so is a fatal mistake. Therefore, any species that does that is suicidal, and will probably not qualify for any kind of help, from the powers of the universe, with fixing that error.
oladosu feyikogbon|Your desire is not up to your decision, your decision is not up to your determination, your determination is not up to your destiny.
Philip K. Dick, The Man in the High Castle|Without knowing it, Javert in his awful happiness was deserving of pity, like every ignorant man who triumphs. Nothing could have been more poignant or more heartrending than that countenance on which was inscribed all the evil in what is good.
Donna Lynn Hope|Tragedy is born of myth, not morality. Prometheus and Icarus are tragic heroes. Yet none of the myths in which they appear has anything to do with moral dilemmas. Nor have the greatest Greek tragedies. If Euripides is the most tragic of the Greek playwrights, it is not because he deals with moral conflicts but because he understood that reason cannot be the guide of life.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers|War must be, while we defend our lives against a destroyer who would devour all; but I do not love the bright sword for its sharpness, nor the arrow for its swiftness, nor the warrior for his glory. I love only that which they defend.
David Duchovny|I knew I could write infinitely about relationships. That's the most beautiful, most confusing, most rewarding, most heartbreaking thing in our lives - and not just romantic relationships: that's all relationships.
Armando Iannucci|When our governments want to sell us a course of action, they do it by making sure it's the only thing on the agenda, the only thing everyone's talking about. And they pre-load the ensuing discussion with highly selected images, devious and prejudicial language, dubious linkages, weak or false 'intelligence' and selected 'leaks.'
Maggie Shipstead, Seating Arrangements|People spent their lives searching for something beyond the simple friction of skin on skin, but there was nothing. The void between two people could never be closed, and in trying to close it, they would only learn everything that was to be despised in the other.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Heart can keep a secret, but face is not a good secret keeper! So what heart knows, face will expose it!
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|His Omnipotence means power to do all that is intrinsically possible, not to do the intrinsically impossible. You may attribute miracles to Him, but not nonsense. This is no limit to His power. If you choose to say, ‘God can give a creature free will and at the same time withhold free will from it,’ you have not succeeded in saying anything about God: meaningless combinations of words do not suddenly acquire meaning simply because we prefix to them the two other words, 'God can.' It remains true that all things are possible with God: the intrinsic impossibilities are not things but nonentities. It is no more possible for God than for the weakest of His creatures to carry out both of two mutually exclusive alternatives; not because His power meets an obstacle, but because nonsense remains nonsense even when we talk it about God.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Physical exercise promotes positive self-image, high-productivity and energetic wellbeing.
Hunter Murphy, Imogene in New Orleans|He sunk his head down, looking like a defeated giant out of some fairy tale.
Nicolas Roeg|I think it would be very boring dramatically to have a film where everybody was a lawyer or doctor and had no faults. To me, the most important thing is to be truthful.
ceh prince|If you think I am BAD than you’re wrong, I'm the worst.
Jerome K. Jerome, Idle Thoughts of an Idle Fellow|Did you ever look out in that dark and fucked-up world out there and think, how do I let my daughter out into that? And how do i stop her? And the things you can’t stop because you’re … because-
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|No truth can cure the sorrow we feel from losing a loved one. No truth, no sincerity, no strength, no kindness can cure that sorrow.
David Brower|Find your place on the planet. Dig in, and take responsibility from there.
Iyanla Vanzant|I think it works differently for everyone. Some people do amazing things with research, but for me, it just gets convoluted, and I start to think too much.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau|...Everyone struggles to guard their heart from breaking, when they should desire to have a heart that breaks...
Brad Meltzer, The Inner Circle|Today, I don't believe in destiny. But I do believe in history...There's nothing more powerful than history...
Ben Witherington III, Making a Meal of It: Rethinking the Theology of the Lord's Supper|Election has nothing to do with the eternal salvation of individuals but refers instead to God's way of saving nations. It was a major mistake of the Reformation to have decided to follow Augustine in this matter, taking election to refer to grace and salvation. It manages to make bad news out of good news. It casts a deep shadow over the character of God. At it worst, it can lead to awful consequences in terms of pride, arrogance, superiority, and intolerance as the ideology of election takes hold. It causes the church to become, not a sign of the unity of humanity in the love of God, but the sign of favorites in the midst of the enemies of God.
Leslie Le Mon, The Disneyland Book of Secrets 2014 - Disneyland: One Local's Unauthorized, Rapturous and Indispensable Guide to the Happiest Place on Earth|He had always tried to treat Havaa as a child and she always went along with it, as though childhood and innocence were fantastical creatures that had died long ago, resurrected only in games of make believe.
Pamela Cummins, Insights for Singles: Steps to Find Everlasting Love|For though a very few hours spent in the hard labour of incessant talking will dispatch more subjects than can really be in common between any two rational creatures, yet with lovers it is different. Between them no subject is finished, no communication is ever made, till it has been made at least twenty times over.
Julie James, Something About You|If you also thinks it means I wake up every morning wondering what I did to deserve having you back in my life, well, you'd be right about that too.
Sylvia Plath|You can't allow the forces of political correction to shut you up. I mean, why are people afraid to say, 'Merry Christmas?' Give me a break. If people don't like it, yeah, they can go do something else.
Coco J. Ginger|I wore your promise on my finger for one yearI'll wear your name on my heart til I dieBecause you were my boy, you were my only boy forever.
Robert McKee, Story: Substance, Structure, Style, and the Principles of Screenwriting|Life, like classical music, is full of difficult passages that are conquered as much through endurance and determination as through any particular skill.
David Sedaris, Me Talk Pretty One Day|When asked "What do we need to learn this for?" any high-school teacher can confidently answer that, regardless of the subject, the knowledge will come in handy once the student hits middle age and starts working crossword puzzles in order to stave off the terrible loneliness.
Jenny Han, The Summer I Turned Pretty|Like the coffin was settling down for a long, long nap, for a forever nap.
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|She died that night. Her last breath took her soul, I saw it in my dream. I saw her soul leave her body as she exhaled, and then she had no more needs, no more reason; she was released from her body, and, being released, she continued her journey elsewhere, high in the firmament where soul material gathers and plays out all the dreams and joys of which we temporal beings can barely conceive, all the things what are beyond our comprehension, but even so, are not beyond our attainment if we choose to attain them, and believe that we truly can.
Steve Maraboli|I don't know what's wrong with this world, but I do know what's right with it: Love. I have studied enough history to see that no matter how cruel the behavior of tyrants and no matter how dark the moments have been, Love has always prevailed. Always.
Jonathan Kellerman, Rage|Vengeance is a delicious fruit, which must be allowed to ripen in order that it may be fully enjoyed.
Derrick Rose|My grandparents and my mom prayed the rosary a lot, and later in life, I had a priest friend of mine teach me centering prayer, based on Father Thomas Keating's work. That led to practicing different kinds of meditation off and on as I got older.
Lemony Snicket, Horseradish|Morning is an important time of day, because how you spend your morning can often tell you what kind of day you are going to have. For instance, if you wake up to the sound of twittering birds, and find yourself in an enormous canopy bed, with a butler standing next to you holding a breakfast of freshly made muffins and hand-squeezed orange juice on a silver tray, you will know that your day will be a splendid one. If you wake up to the sound of church bells, and find yourself in a fairly big regular bed, with a butler standing next to you holding a breakfast of hot tea and toast on a plate, you will know that your day will be O.K. And if you wake up to the sound of somebody banging two metal pots together, and find yourself in a small bunk bed, with a nasty foreman standing in the doorway holding no breakfast at all, you will know that your day will be horrid.
Karl Marx|It is clear that corporate America has an obligation to create a fairer, more equitable, more sustainable economy for no other reason than self-preservation.
Sasha Cohen|A dreamer is one who can only find his way by moonlight, and his punishment is that he sees the dawn before the rest of the world.
Christopher McDougall, Born to Run: A Hidden Tribe, Superathletes, and the Greatest Race the World Has Never Seen|There are two goddesses in your heart,” he told them. “The Goddess of Wisdom and the Goddess of Wealth. Everyone thinks they need to get wealth first, and wisdom will come. So they concern themselves with chasing money. But they have it backwards. You have to give your heart to the Goddess of Wisdom, give her all your love and attention, and the Goddess of Wealth will become jealous, and follow you.” Ask nothing from your running, in other words, and you’ll get more than you ever imagined.
George Vecsey|In recent generations, women's sports have been a blessing. Some of us can remember the bad old days in the '50s, when we would discover in casual schoolyard play that a girl could outrun most of us or hold her own in basketball or hit a softball - but there were no teams, no coaches, for girls.
Hrishikesh Agnihotri|If you give your best to someone it will most definitely come back to you, often from a different person altogether.
Mary Roach, Stiff: The Curious Lives of Human Cadavers|The point is that no matter what you choose to do with your body when you die, it won't, ultimately, be very appealing. If you are inclined to donate yourself to science, you should not let images of dissection or dismemberment put you off. They are no more or less gruesome, in my opinion, than ordinary decay or the sewing shut of your jaws via your nostrils for a funeral viewing.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|In your winter you deny your spring,
Emil Zatopek|The dreams which reveal the supernatural are promises and messages that God sends us directly: they are nothing but His angels, His ministering spirits, who usually appear to us when we are in a great predicament.
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|Winter is already a lost shape, forgottenin the ground. Instead, here is Springwith all the grace of a womansmoothing out her apron.
A.O. Esther, Elveszett lelkek|The philosopher is not the spokesman of his age, but an angel imprisoned in time.
Aurora|I think women should be seductive, not triste. There's enough sadness in life now without making women look sad, too.
Felix Wantang, Face to Face Meetings with Jesus Christ: Biblical Mysteries Revealed in His Own Words Like Never Before in Human History|As a rich man, when you mock the poor you fail the test of wealth.
Frederick Neuhouser, Fichte's Theory of Subjectivity|A young woman faces the decision of whether to marry a certain man whom she loves but who has deeply rooted, traditional ideas concerning marriage, family life, and the roles of men and women in each. A sober assessment of her future tell the woman that each of the two alternatives offers real but contrasting goods. One life offers the possibility of a greater degree of personal independence, the chance to pursue a career, perhaps more risk and adventure, while the other offers the rewards of parenting, stability, and a life together with a man whom, after all, she is in love with. In order to choose in a self-determined mode the woman must realize that the decision she faces involves more than the choice between two particular actions; it is also a choice between two distinct identities. In posing the questions "Who am I? Which of the two lives is really me?" she asks herself not a factual question about her identity but a fundamental practical question about the relative values of distinct and incommensurable goods. The point I take to be implicit in Tugendhat's (and Fichte's) view of the practical subject is that it would be mistaken to suppose that the woman had at her disposal an already established hierarchy of values that she must simply consult in order to decide whether to marry. Rather, her decision, if self-determined, must proceed from a ranking of values that emerges only in the process of reflecting upon the kind of person she wants to be.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Without sound,There would be no music.And without music,There would be no life.And without a life force,There would be no matter.But it does not matter -Because what is matter,If there is no light?
Peter Hedges, What's Eating Gilbert Grape|I stared at her - unable to accept that at one time I was growing inside her. I was once just a couple of cells. My father and my mother were naked something had to be satisfactory about it, because he came inside her and she got pregnant. She, like me, was once a baby in her mother's stomach and so on and so forth and so it goes. So it goes.
Khalil Gibran|Love is much nicer to be in than an automobile accident, a tight girdle, a higher tax bracket or a holding pattern over Philadelphia.
Saul Williams|Now I will burn you back, I will burn you through,Though I am damned for it we two will lieAnd burn, here where the starlings fly
John Gardner, Grendel|My advice to you, my violent friend, is to seek out gold and sit on it.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|While the man is putting on it's shoes, the woman can buy dozens of high heels.
Rita Mae Brown, Rubyfruit Jungle|I mean, what do people talk about when they're married?" "Their kids, I guess." "Maybe that's all they have in common.
Rahma Krambo, Guardian Cats and the Lost Books of Alexandria|In the beginning, the taste of power is sweet, savored on the tongue, like fine wine. It whispers promises in your ear and pretends to be your friend. It is easy to become addicted to this feeling.
J.F. Kelly, A Woman's Pleasure|Women enjoy sex as much as men...if they were totally satisfied in sexual encounters, they would welcome them.
Brian Tracy, The Luck Factor|What is known can't jerk us around unwittingly. Before anything can be resolved, the implicit must be made into the explicit.
Christian D. Larson|Every mental process, or every mental action, that takes place in our wide-awake consciousness will, if it has depth of feeling or intensity, enter the unconscious field, and after it has developed itself according to the line of its original nature, will return to the conscious side of the mind.
Jane Sellman|Then there is the matter of my mother's abandonment of me. Again, this is the common experience. They walk ahead of us, and walk too fast, and forget us, they are so lost in thoughts of their own, and soon or late they disappear. The only mystery is that we expect it to be otherwise.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Harry, we saw Uranus up close!” said Ron, still giggling feebly. “Get it, Harry? We saw Uranus — ha ha ha —
David Mitchell, The Bone Clocks|I forgot how good it feels to be rooted. And to be rooted is not the same thing at all as being tied down. To be rooted is to say, here I am nourished and here will I grow, for I have found a place where every sunrise shows me how to be more than what I was yesterday, and I need not wander to feel the wonder of my blessing. And when you are rooted, defending that space ceases to be an obligation or a duty and becomes more of a desire.
Simon Sinek|Big and oppressive government has long been the enemy of freedom, something black Americans know all too well.
Diane Ackerman, An Alchemy of Mind: The Marvel and Mystery of the Brain|Ah God! to see the branches stir	Across the moon at Grantchester!	To smell the thrilling-sweet and rotten	Unforgettable, unforgotten	River-smell, and hear the breeze	 Sobbing in the little trees.	Say, do the elm-clumps greatly stand	Still guardians of that holy land?	The chestnuts shade, in reverend dream,	The yet unacademic streamIs dawn a secret shy and cold	Anadyomene, silver-gold?	And sunset still a golden sea	From Haslingfield to Madingley?	And after, ere the night is born,Do hares come out about the corn?	Oh, is the water sweet and cool,	Gentle and brown, above the pool?	And laughs the immortal river still	Under the mill, under the mill?Say, is there Beauty yet to find?	And Certainty? and Quiet kind?	Deep meadows yet, for to forget	The lies, and truths, and pain?… oh! yet	Stands the Church clock at ten to three?	And is there honey still for tea?
Sanhita Baruah|In the midst of the vagaries of life, they provide us a trip to the land of goodness and fairies, of imaginations and possibilities.A childhood that wasn't spent watching cartoons or reading comic strips, no wonder, seems too dull to imagine.
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|A mission-minded family will serve together. Look for needs in your community and brainstorm with your spouse about how you can partner together to meet those needs in a way that works for you. My husband is handy, and I love to cook. My casserole dish and his tool box work well together. Is there a single mom who could use some help with yard work? Is there an elderly couple who needs help hanging their Christmas lights? Look for creative ways you can serve side by side and connect with each other and your neighbors.
Ron Hall, Same Kind of Different as Me|We may not pay Satan reverence, for that would be indiscreet, but we can at least respect his talents.
Gustave Flaubert|As you get older, the heart shed its leaves like a tree. You cannot hold out against certain winds. Each day tears away a few more leaves; and then there are the storms that break off several branches at one go. And while nature’s greenery grows back again in the spring, that of the heart never grows back.
Tahj Mowry|Her angel's face, As the great eye of heaven shined bright, And made a sunshine in the shady place.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|State first, subject second, statesman last.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|If we studied the issue of forgiveness with a wider perspective, we are bound to opt for it after all.
Paul Hawken, Blessed Unrest: How the Largest Movement in the World Came into Being and Why No One Saw It Coming|I don't get it. I just don't get it. If Art is supposed to imitate Life, why do they want all the actors to be thin? There are fat people in the world. Shouldn't there be a few of us actors to represent them?
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|My cell phone is my only individual zone, just for me.
Praying Medic, Divine Healing Made Simple: Simplifying the supernatural to make healing & miracles a part of your everyday life|Miracles surround us at every turn, if we but sharpen our perceptions to them.
Elizabeth Berg, Joy School|Well," a female voice said. "What have we here?""Here," Bethany said, responding to the woman's rhetorical question, "we have a teenager. And she's pissed.
David E. Wilkins, The Legal Universe: Observations of the Foundations of American Law|Identifying the flaw in the US philosophical roots requires that we move beyond the intellectual and emotional climate in which the Constitution was conceived and adopted. The meanings of concepts and words change with use, and even the Supreme Court has admitted that the original perspective of the American social contract has been altered by the passage of time.
Cheryl Sterling, Mr. Right, Mr. Wrong, Mr. Alien: A science fiction short story romance|It’s you,” she murmured, staring at his eyes, a fine, dove gray.He smiled. “Of course, it’s me. Let’s get you back to your boat.
Haleigh Lovell, Liam's List|Trust me, if I did something, you wouldn’t be asking. You’d definitely be feeling it for days to come.” His green gaze shimmers, challenging me. “I might be a jerk, but I’m the kind of jerk who always lets the woman come first. And not just once.
Howard O'Hagan, Tay John|It was early autumn, then, before the snow began to fly. –(There’s an expression for you, born in the country, born from the imaginations of men and their feeling for the right word, the only word, to mirror clearly what they see! Those with few words must know how to use them.) Men who have seen it, who have watched it day by day outside their cabin window coming down from the sky, like the visible remorse of an ageing year; who have watched it bead upon the ears of the horses they rode, muffle the sound of hoofs on the trail, lie upon spruce boughs and over grass – cover, as if forever, the landscape in which they moved, round off the mountains, blanket the ice in the rivers – for them the snow flies. The snow doesn’t fall. It may ride the wind. It may descend slowly, in utter quiet, from the grey and laden clouds, so that you can hear the flakes touching lightly on the wide white waste, as they come to rest at the end of their flight. Flight – that’s the word. They beat in the air like wings, as if reluctant ever to touch the ground. I have observed them coming down, on a very cold day, near its end when the sky above me was still blue, in flakes great and wide as the palm of my hand. They were like immense moths winging down in the twilight, making the silence about me visible.
Eliza Granville, Gretel and the Dark|I love how, whenever you tell me a story, you go backwards and forwards and tell me everything else that could possibly be happening in every direction, like an explosion. Like a flower blooming.
Anonymous|As the little boy said to the Sunday School teacher after being told the reason we are on Earth is to help others: "Then what are the others here for?"
Loretta Lynn|I think women are natural caretakers. They take care of everybody. They take care of their husbands and their kids and their dogs, and don't spend a lot of time just getting back and taking time out.
J. Sheridan Le Fanu, Carmilla|You will think me cruel, very selfish, but love is always selfish; the more ardent the more selfish. How jealous I am you cannot know. You must come with me, loving me, to death; or else hate me, and still come with me, and hating me through death and after. There is no such word as indifference in my apathetic nature.
Tawakkol Karman|They become the keepers of the mystery. They place themselves between the communicants of the religion, and the immediate experience. And then they dictate the terms on which you can have contact with this wonderful mystery. We don't dictate those terms.
Amit Kalantri|A man might share his wealth, but never his authority.
William H. Gass, The Tunnel|One thing—one thing exceeds the eternity of the star, he cries, and that is the dark which surrounds it.
davidji, Secrets of Meditation: A Practical Guide to Inner Peace and Personal Transformation|When you can quiet the fluctuations of your mind and drift into stillness & silence, you can finally hear the whispers of your heart… the whispers of god.
Karan Johar|What the bride should do is call guests who have young children and say: 'I'd love to have the kids at the wedding, but we won't have room. Would you get a baby sitter, and when we get back from our honeymoon, we'll have you guys over?'
Dana Perino|Any story about revenge is ultimately a story about forgiveness, redemption, or the futility of revenge.
Shashank Rayal|I am not doing anything special,Just struggling with my Present to make my Future enjoyable.
Dada Bhagwan|Do not instigate or treat any of your employees, working at your place, with contempt. Treat everyone with respect. You never know what benefit a person will bring.
Anthony Liccione|And she looked upon the mirror that was given as a gift. She hated everything about it, from the circular size of it, to the color, and the wooden frame that held it in place. But mostly, she hated looking at herself. Especially into this one that had a scratch on its glass surface, which would reflect back to her face. And as she looked, it would cut her as the words her father would often say, in telling her she was ugly.
Paul Celan|You do not seem to realize that beauty is a liability ratherthanan asset - that in view of the fact that spirit creates formwe are justified in supposingthat you must have brains. For you, a symbol of theunit, stiff and sharp,conscious of surpassing by dint of native superiority andliking for everythingself-dependent, anything anambitious civilization might produce: for you, unaided, toattempt through sheerreserve, to confuse presumptions resulting fromobservation, is idle. You cannot make usthink you a delightful happen-so. But rose, if you arebrilliant, itis not because your petals are the without-which-nothingof pre-eminence. Would you not, minusthorns, be a what-is-this, a mereperculiarity? They are not proof against a worm, theelements, or mildew;but what about the predatory hand? What is brilliancewithout co-ordination? Guarding theinfinitesimal pieces of your mind, compelling audience tothe remark that it is better to be forgotten than to be re-membered too violently,your thorns are the best part of you.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Pain, unless it is physical, was sold to you (by your culture).
Steve Maraboli|I'm very gullible when it comes to my own words. I believe everything I say, though I know I'm a liar.
Christopher Farnsworth, Red, White, and Blood|Consider the coincidences that you do not see." - Fabian Snowstrom, A Vampire's Reckoning
Caroline Rhea|I took high school very casually. There was Teen Town, chess, tennis, boxing, running. Lots of things going on.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|Failure is inevitable, success is optional.
Euripides|Come back. Even as a shadow, even as a dream.
Adam S. McHugh|Because introverts are typically good listeners and, at least, have the appearance of calmness, we are attractive to emotionally needy people. Introverts, gratified that other people are initiating with them, can easily get caught in these exhausting and unsatisfying relationships.
Martha Cecilia, Kristine Series 11: Wild Rose|I won't be affected by your charm nor I will trap you into marriage. I've been there once, never again.- Kristine
Gilles Emery, The Trinity: An Introduction to Catholic Doctrine on the Triune God|For theologians groaning under the oppression of demands to justify their discipline before the bar of what is supposed to be universally valid scientific method the appeal of non-foundationalism is immense. It liberates a celebration of the rights of particularity. It enables the theologian to say that theological method must be different from other methods because it shapes its approach from the distinctive content with which it has to do - just as, indeed, other disciplines shape their approaches in the light of their distinctive content. Non-foundationalism, that is to say, is a way of advocating the autonomy of distinct intellectual disciplines.
Lev A.C. Rosen, All Men of Genius|There is a safety mechanism in place [to ensure the perambulator doesn't turn back into a purse with a baby in it] : if anything weighing more than a pound and a half-about the weight of a three-volume novel-is in the carriage of the perambulator, it will not transform.
Debasish Mridha|When you have true love in your heart,You will never be depressed or fall apart.
Chris Hedges|Will you go back?" asked the Lord of the Gallows. "To America?""Nothing to go back for," said Shadow, and as he said it he knew it was a lie."Things wait for you there," said the old man. "But they will wait until you return.
Thomas Hardy, Two on a Tower|You would hardly think, at first, that horrid monsters lie up there waiting to be discovered by any moderately penetrating mind--monsters to which those of the oceans bear no sort of comparison."What monsters may they be?"Impersonal monsters, namely, Immensities. Until a person has thought out the stars and their inter-spaces, he has hardly learnt that there are things much more terrible than monsters of shape, namely, monsters of magnitude without known shape. Such monsters are the voids and waste places of the sky... In these our sight plunges quite beyond any twinkler we have yet visited. Those deep wells for the human mind to let itself down into, leave alone the human body! and think of the side caverns and secondary abysses to right and left as you pass on!...There is a size at which dignity begins," he exclaimed; "further on there is a size at which grandeur begins; further on there is a size at which solemnity begins; further on, a size at which awfulness begins; further on, a size at which ghastliness begins. That size faintly approaches the size of the stellar universe. So am I not right in saying that those minds who exert their imaginative powers to bury themselves in the depths of that universe merely strain their faculties to gain a new horror?
Deidre Knight, Parallel Attraction|The seeking of a mate shall be undertaken with due preparation and care. A life-bond should never be contemplated as a light thing--unlike a legal union or sanctified joining, the sealing of souls CANNOT be severed. When a mate is SOULBOUND to another--LIFEMATED, as some have come to regard it--a mystery is engaged. In one aspect mystical, the lifemating process is the most sublime endeavor that a Refarian may assume. Once formed, the bond must be ever cherished and nurtured by the process of lifelong rigor.
Carla H. Krueger|When I write, I try to represent the voices of people I've known who had no voice.
Jeffrey Kluger|Believe it or not, I worked four summers in college as a sports writer covering baseball for a parks and rec department in Bayonne, N.J.
Sergio de la Pava, A Naked Singularity|No one was above the law, and no one was below its protection.
Vicki Lesage, Confessions of a Paris Party Girl|I've never understood people who just go out for one drink. Once I have one drink, I want all the drinks.
Alexandra Curry, The Courtesan|We speak for those who cannot speak. We have a duty to tell the stories for those who do not have the advantages that we have to tell stories. We must not speak falsely. The stories that we are entrusted to tell are stories of our tribes, or the tribes into which we have been initiated.
Douglas Adams, The Ultimate Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|When the hunt for new sources of energy had at one point got particularly frantic, one bright young chap suddenly spotted that one place which had never used up all its available energy was - the past. And with the sudden rush of blood to the head that such insights tend to induce, he invented a way of mining it that very same night, and within a year huge tracts of the past were being drained of all their energy and simply wasting away. Those who claimed that the past should be left unspoilt were accused of indulgingin an extremely expensive form of sentimentality.
Ronald Balfour British Monuments Man|No age lives entirely alone; every civilization is formed not merely by its own achievements but by what it has inherited from the past. If these things are destroyed, we have lost a part of our past, and we shall be the poorer for it.
K.J. Parker, Amor Vincit Omnia|Reigning doctrines are often called a "double standard".The term is misleading.It is more accurate to describe them as a single standard,clear and unmistakable,the standard that Adam Smith called the "vile maxim of the masters of mankind: ...All for ourselves,and nothing for other people." Much has changed since his day,but the vile maxim flourishes.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Whose Body?|I am sitting here at thirty-six feeling like I am responsible for the holocaust for all that is toxic and wrong. Maybe it’s because I eat meat, and I stepped on three ants last Tuesday.
Sushil Singh|i didn't want to be success ,i just want to be better than yesterday.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Because art is a scream, even when it hides itself somewhere, you will find it!
Jill Williamson, From Darkness Won|The way I see Jesus has not changed much at all since I was a child, but my imprisonment and all that followed made me love Him even more. His being the Son of God makes sense to me, because I believe God to be loving, just, forgiving, and merciful. I also believe that He respects free will. After all, He has given it to us so that we can choose to love or hate Him, do good or evil. But is it fair for a loving God to sit on His throne in Heaven and let us struggle and suffer on our own? Would any good father abandon His children this way? It makes perfect sense to me that God decided to come among us, live like us, and die a horribly painful death after being tortured. This is a God I can love with all my heart. A God who sets an example. A God who has bled and whose heart has been broken. This is who Jesus is to me. I don't pretend that I understand the Holy Trinity. But I understand love and sacrifice. I understand faithfulness.
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|[H]e had heard of, but given little credence to, magic. There was always someone talking of folk remedies and charms, but it seemed to him the inclination of fools misunderstanding chance.
Pitbull|The Internet is both great and terrible. As a source of information, a tool for delivering music and art, it's great. But spamming ads and piracy of music is terrible. It's stealing.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The thing for us to do is just to do our duty, and not worry about whether anybody sees us do it or not.
TheKeyAuthor|Most people bought the corporate party line. Experience and wisdom needed to make way for youth and beauty. The more people consumed, the better off was the economy. Newer. Bigger. Brighter. These were the things sought.
Josh Malerman|In my imagination, the Editor meditated in a mountain-cave, espoused the rules of grammar, and frowned upon speculative fiction.
Aldous Huxley|My soul is a pale, tenuous membrane..."That was pleasing: a thin, tenuous membrane. It had the right anatomical quality. Tight blown, quivering in the blast of noisy life. It was time for him to descend from the serene empyrean of words into the actual vortex. He went down slowly. "My soul is a thin, tenuous membrane...
Debasish Mridha|The object of art is to enhance the beauty, imaginations and joy of life.
Durgesh Satpathy, Equating the Equations of Insanity: A Journey from Grief to Victory|Journey becomes difficult when we know the destination but not aware of the right path, may be the supreme power testing your moral and physical stamina.
|Never give up on your journey to success, even if your feet give up on you.
Michael Bassey Johnson|God is the only book that can never be touched, open and seen.
Syed Arshad, If It's Not Love|Every Time your lips touch mine the spark ignites anew, my want for more of you...
Debasish Mridha|Enjoy the beauty of simplicity and slowness of life, let go of urgency, stress, and anxiety of life.
Naomi Ragen, Jephte's Daughter|Don't ever say you are sorry for "being caught in the moment". Because, at that moment, that is EXACTLY where you wanted to be.
Elias Canetti, Crowds and Power|It is always the enemy who started it, even if he was not the first to speak out, he was certainly planning it; and if he was not actually planning it, he was thinking of it; and, if he was not thinking of it, he would have thought of it.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Bling" is not an indication of riches. It is a product of value-based spending, to enrich the pockets of those outside of ones sphere of influence...the haves' bleeding the have-nots'.
Georgette Heyer, The Nonesuch|Everyone knows how people who laugh easily create us by their laughter,--making us think of funnier and funnier things.
John Rowland|Tanzanians are some of the friendliest you'll ever meet, insisting on a welcoming smile and wave as they pass you on the streets, exclaiming 'Jambo!'
Cathryn Louis, Sparks|Artistry is the dance of color & form, whether visual, musical, or sparked in the imagination by the written word.
Yaya Toure|You must respect people, and you must respect money. My father said to me: 'When you respect money, money will respect you.'
Richie Norton|Frankly, it's self-evident. As people of faith, it's our duty to love everyone, the way God loves everyone. There's no reason why any one group is less deserving of love - either the love of a church community, to the love of a family - than any other.
Allan Dare Pearce, Paris in April|I'm for truth, no matter who tells it. I'm for justice, no matter who is for or against it.
Stephen King|From my writer's workshop, "Know when it's time to put everything you've got on the page. Then, rip open a vein and do it!
Daryl Gregory, Harrison Squared|Hugo, we are taught to be advanced in every form from academically to socially. I think our parents fucked it up, taking that advancement for granted. They wanted us to grow up with everything and in return of that we became spoiled.
Julie Johnson|Marrying one woman doesn’t mean spending your life with one woman, because the funny girl you fall in love with on a first date at twenty-eight eventually becomes the fascinating creature you propose to at thirty, then evolves into the stunning bride you wait for at the end of an aisle at thirty-two, and finally grows into the astounding mother to your children at thirty-four. By forty, she has blossomed into the businesswoman, the force to be reckoned with. By the time you’re fifty or sixty or seventy or a hundred, she’s been everything — your wife, your lover, your friend, your companion, your sous-chef, your travel partner, your life coach, your confidant, your cheerleader, your critic, your most stalwart advisor. She grows with you. She changes with you. She is always stable, but never stagnant. She is not one woman. She is a thousand versions of herself, a multitude of layers, an infinite ocean whose depths you plumb over a lifetime, whose many treasures and intricacies, quirks and idiosyncrasies you need an entire marriage to explore.” His voice softens. “A man should be so lucky to spend his life stuck with one woman such as that.
Criss Jami, Healology|There's no such thing as a mistake, really. It's just an opportunity to do something else.
Ally Condie, Reached|In their faces--plenty of them were handsome, but ruined--I've seen the remnants of who they almost succeeded in being but failed to be, before becoming themselves.
Rachel Dratch|If you don't infuse humor into a subject matter, no matter how dark, the audience can't accept the message of a film. It closes them down. Humor can open them up.
Markelle Grabo, The Spell Master|I'm sorry I ruined your homecoming."He kissed me once more and then shook his head. "The only thing that could ruin this is not being with you.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I remained Lailah, the redeem soul.
Debbi Mack, Identity Crisis|I've never been a morning person, and if it's one thing I don't need before my first cup of coffee, it's a visit from the cops. But at eight forty-five on a Friday morning, two of them waited for me at my law office.
Michael Moore|You know those movies where the people in the audience are screaming, 'Don't go in that door!' because you know the killer is there? Well, it is the same thing with this debt. We know how this ends.
John Howard Yoder, Radical Christian Discipleship|We have to grow into Scripture, like a young boy inheriting his older brother's clothes and flopping around in them, but he gradually builds out and grows up. Perhaps it's a measure of our maturity when parts of Scripture that we found odd or even repellent suddenly come up in a new light. Our sense is overtaken by a sense of the whole thing, wide, multicolored, and unspeakably powerful.
Nuno Roque|I might act like a rhinoceros, but I'm a unicorn.
sadat hasan manto|The soldiers had been entrenched in their positions for several weeks but there was little, if any fighting, except for the dozen rounds they ritually exchanged every day. The weather was extremely pleasant. The air was heavy with the scent of wildflowers and nature seem to be following its course, quite unmindful of the soldiers hiding behind rocks and camouflaged by mountain shrubbery. The birds sang as they always had and the flowers were in bloom. Bees buzzed about lazily. Only when a shot rang out, the birds got startled and took flight, as if a musician had struck a jarring note on his instrument. It was almost the end of September, neither hot nor cold. It seemed as if summer and winter had made their peace. In the blue skies, cotton clouds floated all day like barges on a lake.The soldiers seemed to be getting tired of this indecisive war where nothing much ever happened. Their positions were quite impregnable. The two hills on which they were placed faced each other and were about the same height, so no one side had an advantage. Down below in the valley, a stream zigzagged furiously on its stony bed like a snake.The air force was not involved in the combat and neither of the adversaries had heavy guns or mortars. At night, they would light huge fires and hear each other's voices echoing through the hills.From The Dog of Titwal, a short story.
Emile Zola|Man is not the creature of circumstances, circumstances are the creatures of men. We are free agents, and man is more powerful than matter.
Jeanette Winterson, Christmas Days: 12 Stories and 12 Feasts for 12 Days|-no matter what we do, we'll never succeed in attaining the 'perfect' body or the 'perfect' face. This isn't just because perfection is an unattainable goal; it's because capitalism relies on people being constantly unhappy so it can keep selling us the promise that consumerism will make our lives better.
Neil Gaiman, Worlds' End|I think I fell in love with her, a little bit. Isn't that dumb? But it was like I knew her. Like she was my oldest, dearest friend. The kind of person you can tell anything to, no matter how bad, and they'll still love you, because they know you. I wanted to go with her. I wanted her to notice me. And then she stopped walking. Under the moon, she stopped. And looked at us. She looked at me. Maybe she was trying to tell me something; I don't know. She probably didn't even know I was there. But I'll always love her. All my life.
Dan Brown, Angels & Demons|Religion is flawed, but only because man is flawed.
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|Fear,” she says, “is more powerful than pain.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|Feminism, as of late, has suffered from a certain guilt by association because we conflate feminism with women who advocate feminism as part of their personal brand. When these figureheads say what we want to hear, we put them up on the Feminist Pedestal, and when they do something we don't like, we knock them right off and then say there's something wrong with feminism because our feminist leaders have failed us. We forget the difference between feminism and Professional Feminists.
Erik Pevernagie|We want life to make sense. If we don’t find meaning and orientation, we are bound to fabulate a living and invent an inspiring life story. When we write out a chosen script, we’ll have to make time to hunker down into attuning it to the hitches of the road map, time and again, with fractious patience. ( "Everybody his story" )
Roshani Chokshi, The Star-Touched Queen|Who wanted to be smiled at by the girl that trailed shadows like pets, conjured snakes and waited for Death, her bridegroom, to steal her from these walls?
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|Feelings, rationale and values are the top qualities that make a person exceedingly human.
Dawn Gluskin|And if the worst, or best, happens, and Death comes for you in the snow, he comes disguised as Sleep, and you greet him rather as a welcome friend than a gruesome foe.
Paulo Coelho|It is dehumanizing, demeaning and humiliating when you fail or refuse to acknowledge or respond to a Good Morning greeting. #Mannerism
Stephen King|The tree I had in the garden as a child, my beech tree, I used to climb up there and spend hours. I took my homework up there, my books, I went up there if I was sad, and it just felt very good to be up there among the green leaves and the birds and the sky.
Teju Behan, Drawing from the City|The idea and experience of travel can mean many things: it involves movement of some kind, sometimes through unknown places, at other times just between home and the world. Journeys can also be inward, marking rites of passage or a growth into a new dimension. We travel in search of profit, pleasure or curiosity, to labour and survive, to flee from tyranny or sorrow, and into real and imagined utopias.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés|Talking is the voice of human, singing is the voice of soul.
Patrik Svensson|It can be argued that the computer is humanity’s attempt to replicate the human brain. This is perhaps an unattainable goal. However, unattainable goals often lead to outstanding accomplishment.
Sue Fitzmaurice|You can be inspired by others, but when you're inspired from within then you have real power for change.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Take some time and figure out what you desire most from life. Wherever your desire is, your heart will be also. Seek the opportunity to become greater than your circumstances. You may not be where you want to be. But if you continue pushing forward and striving at a steady pace, you'll get there. All things take time.
Jennifer Senior, All Joy and No Fun: The Paradox of Modern Parenthood|That night I experienced one of those sudden, unpleasant shifts of perception that occur to parents, when you notice a difference in your child that's been coming over a long time, and you're faced with it, and at the same time you're groping back to touch the child they were a minute ago, while a somehow unaccountable, unpredictable person is watching you, waiting for you to catch up with them, contemptuous because you haven't.
Sanhita Baruah, The Farewell and other poems|You write poems with your fingertipsAnd I keep listening to the songs written on my skinBy some distant dream, similar wordsBut the verses never meet...
Amy Poehler|While money doesn't buy love, it puts you in a great bargaining position.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Where true dignity and real freedom are undermined, real self least exists!
S.T. Bende, Elsker|Have you ever seen a man, woman, or child who wasn’t eating an egg or just going to eat an egg or just coming away from eating an egg? I tell you, the good old egg is the foundation of daily life. Stop the first man you meet in the street and ask him which he’d sooner lose, his egg or his wife, and see what he says!
Pamela Nicole, Fit In or Fit Out|You will need to stay calm as you witness the candy floss in your daughter’s smile harden into brittle bitchiness. You will need to muster a new resolve as your son’s fascination with Pokémon shifts to porn. You will have to recalibrate your mothering instinct to accommodate the notion that not only do your children poop and burp, they also masturbate, drink and smoke. As their bodies, brains and worlds rearrange themselves, you will need to do your own reshuffling. You will come to see that, though you gave them life, they’re the ones who’ve got a life. They’ve got 1700 friends on Facebook. They’ve got YouTube accounts (with hundreds of sub- scribers), endless social arrangements, concerts, Valentine’s Day dances and Halloween parties. What we have – if we’re lucky – is a ‘Thanks for the ride, Mum, don’t call me, I’ll call you,’ as they slam the car door and indicate we can run along now.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|Love: a single word, a wispy thing, a word no bigger or longer than an edge. That's what it is: an edge; a razor. It draws up through the center of your life, cutting everything in two. Before and after. The rest of the world falls away on either side.
Evo Morales|Higher education must lead the march back to the fundamentals of human relationships, to the old discovery that is ever new, that man does not live by bread alone.
Nick La Rocca|Jazz is the assassination, the murdering, the slaying of syncopation. I would even go so far as to confess that we are musical anarchists.
Michel de Montaigne|I enjoy books as misers enjoy treasures, because I know I can enjoy them whenever I please.
Rudolf Steiner|With such thoughts in your mind, now that you have resolved to love Him and please Him with all your strength, your only fear should be to fear God too much and to place too little confidence in Him.
Heather Chapple, Write like no one is reading|A woman being able to make a man genuinely laugh leaves a much better impression on him than a woman who wants them to feel like she is nothing more than a sex object… believe me, they tend to not be as picky as you might think when it comes to that.
Abraham Verghese|Certainly when I got to medical school, I had role models of the kind of physicians I wanted to be. I had an uncle who, looking back, was probably not the most-educated physician around, but he carried it off so well.
Helen Frankenthaler|Before and after emancipation, the Negro, in self-defense, was propelled toward the white employer. The endowments of wealthy white men have developed great institutions of learning for the Negro, but the freedom of action on the part of these same universities has been curtailed in proportion as they are indebted to white philanthropies.
Daisy Whitney, When You Were Here|I don't tell her that my grasp on truth, on words, on people, has slipped. I was getting close, so close to normal again, and that's been snatched away. I'm not even back where I started. I'm somewhere else entirely, so far off the map I don't know where to turn next.
Swami Satchidananda, The Yoga Sutras|. . . I feel we don’t really need scriptures. The entire life is an open book, a scripture. Read it. Learn while digging a pit or chopping some wood or cooking some food. If you can’t learn from your daily activities, how are you going to understand the scriptures? (233)
Wordions|In the story of life"Hope" is the Hero who protects the Lady Love "Dream (Desire from the bad guy "Fear".
Barbara W. Tuchman, The March of Folly: From Troy to Vietnam|He [Bloch] was one of those touchy, highly-strung people who cannot bear to have made a blunder, will not admit it to themselves, and whose whole day is ruined by it.
A.H. Septimius, Crowns Of Amara: The Return Of The Oracle|If they succeed, you will not be packed off to some idyllic farm, where you can write bad poetry, we will both be executed.
C. S. Lewis|The causes of mistakes are "I didn't know"  "I didn't think"  and "I didn't care."
Nicole McKay, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you last night.. You thought you were a candy vampire, you were standing in the sun screaming 'I'm melting.
Kim Jong-un|Game theory is a branch of, originally, applied mathematics, used mostly in economics and political science, a little bit in biology, that gives us a mathematical taxonomy of social life, and it predicts what people are likely to do and believe others will do in cases where everyone's actions affect everyone else.
Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love|I am made of words. Cut me & I bleed sentences. Read me, & I speak to your soul.
OMiT|Learn, Understand, Implement, Observe and Repeat!
Dodie Smith|Meggie thought this first whisper sounded a little different from one book to another, depending on weather or not she already knew the story it was going to tell her.
Onyi Anyado|Do what you love and love what you do, with excellence.
Arthur C. Brooks|There is one major problem with anti-virus software: It needs updating. Users cannot be relied upon to have even the anti-virus software in the first place, let alone be able or willing to pay for the updates.
Atul Purohit, Love Vs Destiny . . .the strange game of life!|...remember after every autumn, the flora senses the rapturous kiss of cheerful spring.(Book-Love Vs Destiny)
Banana Yoshimoto, Kitchen|As I grow older, much older, I will experience many things, and I will hit rock bottom again and again. Again and again I will suffer; again and again I will get back on my feet. I will not be defeated. I won't let my spirit be destroyed.
Jim Butcher, The Aeronaut's Windlass|Celebration toward the east fosters silence. Indeed, there is less temptation for the celebrant to monopolize the conversation. Facing the Lord, he is less tempted to become a professor giving a lesson throughout the Mass, reducing the altar to a podium centered on the microphone instead of the Cross.
Deepak Chopra, The Way of the Wizard: Twenty Spiritual Lessons for Creating the Life You Want|Don't you realize," Merlin said to his pupil, "that the history of the universe has brought us here to this second?
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|But like a boat with a twisted rudder, I kept coming back to the same place. I wasn't going anywhere. I was myself, waiting on the shore for me to return. Was that so depressing?Who knows? Maybe that was 'despair.' What Turgenev called 'disillusionment.' Or Dostoyevsky, 'hell.' Or Somerset Maugham, 'reality.' Whatever the label, I figured it was me.
Raymond E. Feist, Prince of the Blood|It's the problem with having a logical mind and giving women the same credit for ability as men, he mused as he dismounted. You can't contrive reasons to keep them safe.
Uday Mukerji, Love, Life, and Logic|Why, when two people start living together, do they end up hurting each other so much? Maybe that’s an indication that too much of anything isn’t good.
James Turrell|The universe is a symphony of strings, and the mind of God that Einstein eloquently wrote about for thirty years would be cosmic music resonating through eleven-dimensional hyper space.
Stacie Hammond, Ana J. Awakens|Meditation is to be aware of what is going on: in your body, in your feelings, in your mind, and in the world.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|I firmly believe that life will continually try to teach you the same lesson, with increasing pain, until you heed the call.
Mavis Mazhura, Navigating the Rapids and the Waves of Life: 10 Lessons for Managing Emotions for Success|We lose much consolation by the habit of reading His promises for the whole church, instead of taking them directly home to ourselves.
kamal parvez|Guy’s don't usually cry, but when they do, nobody can realize that what they have been going through.
Charles Bukowski, Factotum|If you're going to try, go all the way. Otherwise, don't even start. This could mean losing girlfriends, wives, relatives and maybe even your mind. It could mean not eating for three or four days. It could mean freezing on a park bench. It could mean jail. It could mean derision. It could mean mockery--isolation. Isolation is the gift. All the others are a test of your endurance, of how much you really want to do it. And, you'll do it, despite rejection and the worst odds. And it will be better than anything else you can imagine. If you're going to try, go all the way. There is no other feeling like that. You will be alone with the gods, and the nights will flame with fire. You will ride life straight to perfect laughter. It's the only good fight there is.
Bill Gates|I started off in journalism 16 years ago in Stockholm, and I wrote for a few different publications for many years. I've also worked in advertising as a copywriter and creative director, but I changed it for architecture at 25 years old.
Angela Carter, Saints and Strangers|There Peter sat in the new sunlight, plaiting the straw for baskets, until he saw the thing he had been taught most to fear advancing silently along the lea of an outcrop of rock.
Shaye Evans|He's like the anti-Ben, but his attention is like a shot of adrenaline.
Sylvia Day, Bared to You|I love you, Gideon.”“God.” He looked at me with something that resembled disgust. Whether it was directed at me or himself, I didn’t know. “How can you say that?”“Because it’s the truth.”“You just see this”—he gestured at himself with a wave of his hand. “You’re not seeing the fucked-up, broken mess inside.”I inhaled sharply. “You can say that to me? When you know I’m fucked up and broken, too?
Dave Barry|Although golf was originally restricted to wealthy, overweight Protestants, today it's open to anybody who owns hideous clothing.
Dawn Kohler, The Invitation: A Weekend with Emma|When a woman enters a room, her presence should make them feel some type of way; when she exits the room, she should leave some type of look on their face.
Ella Frank, Exquisite|According to the conventions of the genre, Augustus Waters kept his sense of humor till the end, did not for a moment waiver in his courage, and his spirit soared like an indomitable eagle until the world itself could not contain his joyous soul.
Saul Bellow|A man may say, "From now on I'm going to speak the truth." But the truth hears him and runs away and hides before he's even done speaking.
Bertolt Brecht|We attacked a foreign people and treated them like rebels. As you know, it's all right to treat barbarians barbarically. It's the desire to be barbaric that makes governments call their enemies barbarians.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|We envy people who are extremely old because we wish to live that long, not because we want to be that old.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Rescue the perishing, care for the dying,Snatch them in pity from sin and the grave;Weep o'er the erring one, lift up the fallen,Tell them of Jesus the mighty to save.
Alan Bennett, The Uncommon Reader|Archbishop. Why do I never read the lesson?” “I beg your pardon, ma’am?” “In church. Everybody else gets to read and one never does. It’s not laid down, is it? It’s not off-limits?” “Not that I’m aware, ma’am.”“Good. Well in that case I’m going to start. Leviticus, here I come. Goodnight.” The archbishop shook his head and went back to Strictly Come Dancing.
Lyndon B. Johnson|Conservative, n: A statesman who is enamored of existing evils, as distinguished from the Liberal who wishes to replace them with others.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|I'll think of it tomorrow, at Tara. I can stand it then. Tomorrow, I'll think of some way to get him back. After all, tomorrow is another day.
Octavio Paz|I tend to stay up late, not because I'm partying but because it's the only time of the day when I'm alone and don't have to be performing.
Italo Calvino|Radical Islamic jihadists have a long-term vision. And if they have to stay in Europe to obtain a citizenship, to ultimately travel to the United States, and if it takes them five years or ten years, they're okay with that. History has proven that.
Osamu Dazai, No Longer Human|After being hurt by the world so much, they began to see the demons within humans. So without hiding it through trickery, they worked to express it.
Elizabeth Kostova, The Swan Thieves|In the end, I always act from the heart, even if I also value reason and tradition. I wish I could explain why, but I don't know.
Hanne Ørstavik, Like sant som jeg er virkelig|What they display, these students who don't arrive in the reading room until nine, or even later, is a kind of daring. They play with life, with possibilities. For me my studies are like a tightrope I'm balancing on, life will begin only when I've reached the other side. Only when I'm standing there triumphantly, with a glowing testimonial and glittering results, only then, I think to myself, will I be free.
Malcolm X|Ah, woman. She is an enigma. An anomaly of perfection & irony. She can lure angels into her arms & give birth to a nation of ideologies.
Debasish Mridha|Behind every smile there is love, thought, and action.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|The brave who focus on all things good and all things beautiful and all things true, even in the small, who give thanks for it and discover joy even in the here and now, they are the change agents who bring fullest Light to all the world.
Deepak Chopra|There were moments, of course. Those small spaces in time, too soon gone, when everything seems to stand still, and existence is balanced on a perfect point, like the moment of change between the dark and the light, and when both and neither surround you.
Laurann Dohner, Taunting Krell|He started to hand her a fork but paused, glancing at her and then it, and back. "For real? Seriously?" She held out her hand, palm up. "What do you think? I'm going to try to prong you to death? I don't know who that would be more embarrassing for - you dying by fork or me needing to use something so silly to take you out.
John Lasseter|I had a teacher who stressed for me the importance of diction in terms of... I want to be very careful about how I say this... in terms of supporting one's voice when one is singing. In other words, if you hold on to your words, your voice will pull through for you when you're singing. So be true to your vowels.
Caroline Greyling, Five|We’re seastnan, we live to protect, sometimes we die and I can’t think of a better way to go than fighting for someone I love.
Ann Beattie, Walks with Men|Perhaps we all lose our sense of reality to the precise degree to which we are engrossed in our own work, and perhaps that is why we see in the increasing complexity of our mental constructs a means for greater understanding, even while intuitively we know that we shall never be able to fathom the imponderables that govern our course through life.
Paul La Farge, The Night Ocean|Such a shovel, it seemed a waste not to use it.
Christopher Isherwood, A Single Man|What’s so phony nowadays is all this familiarity. Pretending there isn’t any difference between people —well, like you were saying about minorities, this morning. If you and I are no different, what do we have to give each other? How can we ever be friends?
Lisa Kessler, Lure of Obsession|Every generation, the nine daughters of Zeus are reborn, and with their rebirth are also nine Guardians. They will be marked by the gods, and given gifts to protect his treasure. Their abilities will only be unlocked when they find their muse.
Debasish Mridha|If everyone, every morning, thought about peace just for a few minutes instead of thinking about what to eat for breakfast we would have peace in the world.
Jack Chalker|An intelligent man [doesn’t] know everything, he simply [knows] how to look everything up quickly and efficiently." - Jack Chalker, Songs of the Dancing Gods
Dennis Lehane, Shutter Island|One that society can't forgive, but I can.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever find the goodness of grace, departs from wicked acts of evil.
Howard Pyle, The Story of Sir Launcelot and His Companions|Lo, God! I am Thy handiwork. I have sinned and have done great evil, yet I am still Thy handiwork, who hath made me what I am. So, though I may not undo that which I have done, yet I may, with Thy aid, do better hereafter than I have done heretofore.
Andy Weir, The Martian|If ruining the only religious icon I have leaves me vulnerable to Martian vampires, I'll have to risk it.
Karl Marx|Our intuition about the future is linear. But the reality of information technology is exponential, and that makes a profound difference. If I take 30 steps linearly, I get to 30. If I take 30 steps exponentially, I get to a billion.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|When I have a camera in my hand, I know no fear.
Karel Van Wolferen, The Enigma of Japanese Power: People and Politics in a Stateless Nation|The pessimist reason that things just happen, where the optimist believe that things happen for a reason.
Lauren Myracle, Let It Snow: Three Holiday Romances|As long as we keep loving, it will always be Christmas.
Karen Marie Moning, Shadowfever|When he kisses me again, the last part of me that could stand myself dies.
Peter York|Architecture is a living thing. If I want to leave something to the future, it has to be able to change - but retain something of the ethos that we built up over 50 years.
Howard Berman|The chief condition on which, life, health and vigor depend on, is action. It is by action that an organism develops its faculties, increases its energy, and attains the fulfillment of its destiny.
Elizabeth Kostova|This corner of history was as real as the tiled floor under our feet or the wooden tabletop under our fingers. The people to whom it had happened had actually lived and breathed and felt and thought and then died, as we did - as we would.
Anne Rice|Nothing shatters the relationship between you and your boss like you failing to meet expectations, deadlines, and goals.
Jesse Plemons|The police can't protect consumers. People need to be more aware and educated about identity theft. You need to be a little bit wiser, a little bit smarter and there's nothing wrong with being skeptical. We live in a time when if you make it easy for someone to steal from you, someone will.
James Fenton|Chaos often breeds life, when order breeds habit.
Shannon L. Alder|Everything around you that you call life was made up by people, and you can change it.
Debasish Mridha|The word goodbye stuck to her tongue. She wasn’t ready to say it. Because goodbye weighed more when forever hung off the end. And she wasn’t sure about forever. She wasn’t sure about anything. Except that, at that moment, she wanted to believe he would always be there. Even if it meant many years down the road. She needed to still have something to hold onto.
Stephen King|There is more than one sort of prison, Captain," Chirrut said. "I sense that you carry yours wherever you go.
C.S. Lewis, An Experiment in Criticism|The man who is contented to be only himself, and therefore less a self, is in prison. My own eyes are not enough for me, I will see through those of others. Reality, even seen through the eyes of many, is not enough. I will see what others have invented. Even the eyes of all humanity are not enough. I regret that the brutes connot write books. Very gladly would I learn what face things present to a mouse or a bee; more gladly still would I perceive the olfactory world charged with all the information and emotion it carries for a dog. Literary experience heals the wound, without undermining the privilege, of individuality... in reading great literature I become a thousand men and yet remain myself. Like the night sky in the Greek poem, I see with a myriad of eyes, but it is still I who see. Here, as in worship, in love, in moral action, and in knowing, I transcend myself; and am never more myself than when I do.
Richelle E. Goodrich|A writer’s brain is full of little gifts, like a piñata at a birthday party. It’s also full of demons, like a piñata at a birthday party in a mental hospital. The truth is, it’s demons that keep a tortured writer’s spirit alive, not Tootsie Rolls. Sure they’ll give you a tiny burst of energy, but they won’t do squat for your writing. So treat your demons with the respect they deserve, and with enough prescriptions to keep you wearing pants.
Frederick Douglass|When I look up and see the sun shining on the patch of white clouds up in the blue, I begin to think how it would feel to be up somewhere above it winging swiftly thought the clear air, watching the earth below, and the men on it, no bigger than ants.
Victoria Barnes|There's power within you, and it's your job to turn the lights on.
Neelam Saxena Chandra|Some can't handle the fiery poet, how she rips into souls burning words into prose.
Kage Baker|I want you to tell all these people that I wanted more time to spend with them. Tell them I meant to, tell them I wanted to hear what they said and tell them what was on my mind.
Debasish Mridha|Oh my dear, no matter who you are, where you are, or how you are, I can hear your song. I can feel your pain, and I really care.
Po Bronson|A Piece of writing has to seduce the reader, it has to suspend disbelief and earn the reader's trust
Chris Young|Like many of you, I've always been slightly obsessed with vampires, dating back to the prime-time series 'Dark Shadows,' which I followed avidly as a kid.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Your heart is like a great river after a long spell of rain, spilling over its banks. All signposts that once stood on the ground are gone, inundated and carried away by that rush of water. And still the rain beats down on the surface of the river. Every time you see a flood like that on the news you tell yourself: That’s it. That’s my heart.
Agatha Christie, Murder on the Orient Express|Can I ask who you are, sir?""Yeah, I expect so," said Strike, walking past him and ringing the doorbell. Anstis's dinner invitation notwithstanding, he was not feeling sympathetic to the police just now. "Should be just about within your capabilities.
J. Michael  Dolan, The Trumpets of Jericho: a novel|Martha thanks Sylvia, gesturing with the book. "Just remember not to try to hard with understanding it, " Sylvia says. "Like people, they're best not to be too thoroughly understood.
John Locke|I like to think I'm a pretty good friend. I love having a good time, and I enjoy being able to share those good times with others.
Bella Forrest, A Shade of Vampire|No. In my eyes, she was most beautiful because at a time when she had every right to be terrified, she managed to show comfort to another person who needed it.
Robert Pobi, Bloodman|This is what I think. Addiction is just a way of trying to get at something else. Something bigger. Call it transcendence if you want, but it's a fucked-up way, like a rat in a maze. We all want the same thing. We all have this hole. The thing you want offers relief, but it's a trap.
Kelly Sue DeConnick|I've heard stories about movies that are really maybe difficult and really dramatic and good, but they are being sold as romantic comedies. All it's going to do is just... that's hurting the work, because that just makes it impossible for anyone to see it correctly.
Victoria Vilchez, Dime que te casarás conmigo|Me pregunté si no habría personas destinadas a encontrarse fuera cuáles fueran las decisiones que tomasen, si esa leyenda que hablaba de un hilo rojo que conecta a dos almas gemelas no sería verdad.
Embee, Tess Embers|Learning from your mistake is good, but learning from others mistake is better.
Todd Stocker|Remember God loves you, even when its hard to love yourself.
Bill Viola|Damien Hirst is acceptable because he's a brand. It's like buying a Porche. Hardline conservatives will never accept it, others think it's a massive waste of money but most will just shrug and move on
Philip Catshill|Resilience, thy name is Devine.
Charles Dickens|When I asked her what was the matter? answered, she didn't know; but she felt so afraid of dying!
John Steinbeck, The Short Novels: Tortilla Flat / The Moon is Down / The Red Pony / Of Mice and Men / Cannery Row / The Pearl|The challenge, it turns out, isn’t in perfecting your ability to know when to start and when to stand by. The challenge is getting into the habit of
Sydney J. Harris|Future. That period of time in which our affairs prosper, our friends are true and our happiness is assured.
Sebastian Loving|Understand, it’s never been easy to live, when we’re trying to escape ourselves.
Hank Smith|Happiness does not mean being free from problems and trials, but finding purpose in problems and trials can result in abundant happiness.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|She pressed his amulet to her lips, then let it fall on its chain to rest between their two bodies. “We could leave here,” she said to him. “We could run away together.”He frowned at the stars, the bubble of peacefulness that had settled around them after their lovemaking now ruptured. “I run from nothing and no one.
Flann O'Brien, At Swim-Two-Birds|Shane waved a hand. “Please, we know that all ittakes to get into your pants is a Hot Pocket and aNetFlix rental.
Mia Love|You can try to reach an audience, but you just write what comes out of you and you just hope that it is accepted. You do not write specifically to a generation.
Anthony Doerr, All the Light We Cannot See|That afternoon, long after the stool has been put away and the waltzes have stopped, while Werner sits with his transceiver listening to nothing, a little redheaded girl in a maroon cape emerges from a doorway, maybe six or seven years old, small for her age, with big clear eyes that remind him of Jutta’s. She runs across the street to the park and plays there alone, beneath the budding trees, while her mother stands on the corner and bites the tips of her fingers. The girl climbs into the swing and pendulums back and forth, pumping her legs, and watching her opens some valve in Werner’s soul. This is life, he thinks, this is why we live, to play like this on a day when winter is finally releasing its grip.
Caterina Murino|I like Aurora, 'Sleeping Beauty,' because she's just sleeping and looking pretty and waiting for boys to come kiss her. Sounds like a good life - lots of naps and cute boys fighting dragons to come kiss you.
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|My fear is that of all the choices people face today, the one they rarely consider is, "How can I serve most effectively and fruitfully in the local church?" I wonder if the abundance of opportunities to explore today is doing less to help make well-rounded disciples of Christ and more to help Christians avoid long term responsibility and have less long-term impact.
Lily G Blunt|You are the light in my darkness,Restful peace for my soul.You are the one who rescues me,Never let me go.
John Bytheway|I love sushi. Once on Valentine's Day, someone I was dating rocked up at the airport to pick me up with a bag of salmon because I love it so much.
Doug   Cooper, Outside In|There’s a drive in a lost soul—in one that is searching for acceptance, companionship, belonging, whatever you want to call it. The slightest coincidence ignites a spark that one hopes will lead to something meaningful.
John M Sheehan|Strength conquers some, might conquers many, power conquers numerous, but love conquers all.
Alec Baldwin, Nevertheless: A Memoir|It is imperative that we replace those who think they own this country, with those who built it.
Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl|It's really a wonder that I haven't dropped all my ideals, because they seem so absurd and impossible to carry out. Yet I keep them, because in spite of everything, I still believe that people are really good at heart.
Ray Bradbury|Lao Tzu "The key to growth is the introductionof higher dimensions of consciousnessinto our awareness.
Judy Gruen|Our children want more than presents, that want our PRESENCE.
Chris Matthews, Tip and the Gipper: When Politics Worked|As we grow into maturity in Christ our distinctiveness is accentuated, not blunted. General directions, useful as they are, don't take into account the details that face us as holiness takes root in the particular social and personal place we are planted.
Paula Stokes, Vicarious|To us, reality is just raw footage: Unclear. Desultory. Too shocking or not quite shocking enough. It’s ironic that making something more real involves making it less real, but Gideon always says people don’t want real. They want the idea of real, which involves production.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|Will you not this day make it your prayer? "Lord, help me to glorify Thee; I am poor, help me to glorify Thee by contentment; I am sick, help me to give Thee honour by patience; I have talents, help me to extol Thee by spending them for Thee; I have time, Lord, help me to redeem it, that I may serve Thee; I have a heart to feel, Lord, let that heart feel no love but Thine, and glow with no flame but affection for Thee; I have a head to think, Lord, help me to think of Thee and for Thee; Thou hast put me in this world for something, Lord, show me what that is, and help me to work out my life-purpose.
Mary Sage Nguyen|If I didn't have enormous dreams, I wouldn't have come this far!
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Kiss|You’re crazy.”“No one sane is this awesome,” he said as he pointed a finger at himself
Taylor Stevens, The Informationist|She felt invisible shackles snaking around her wrists and ankles, took a deep breath and said..............
Holly Wujcik|The Milky Way, which is our galaxy, will collide with its nearest neighbor the Andromeda Galaxy. The two galaxies are heading towards each other at a wickedly high snail’s pace, of about 75 miles per second. This massive crash is expected to occur about 3 to 4 billion years from now.” My suggestion is to keep your head down! Captain Hank Bracker
Viet Thanh Nguyen, The Sympathizer|Some animals could see in the dark, but it was only humans who deliberately sought out every possible route into the darkness of our own interiors.
Ozzy Osbourne|My formula for living is quite simple. I get up in the morning and I go to bed at night. In between, I occupy myself as best I can.
Debasish Mridha|It is good to focus, but never forget to look around. If you focus on the wrong target, you may miss seeing all of the beauty around you.
Catherynne M. Valente|I do so love my witches and wicked queens. I find myself drawn to feminine archetypes that previous generations have found threatening or dangerous: crones, oracles, madwomen, Amazons, virgins who aren’t helpless, bad mothers. I love to give the vagina dentata voice. It so rarely gets to speak for itself.
Orhan Pamuk, The Black Book|...at the end of the day there was nothing to be gained by reminding people that everything that had ever been written, even the greatest and most authoritative texts in the world, were about dreams, not real life, dreams conjured up by words.
Marie-Jeanne Roland de la Platière|I am his Highness' dog at Kew;Pray tell me, sir, whose dog are you?
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Find your hidden talents, your hidden potentials, your hidden purposes and convert them into a better business for the benefit of the entire world.
Orson Scott Card, Red Prophet|In fact she’s a Baptist, which is almost like being Christian, only louder.
Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea|Ged had neither lost nor won but, naming the shadow of his death with his own name, had made himself whole: a man: who, knowing his whole true self, cannot be used or possessed by any power other than himself, and whose life therefore is lived for life's sake and never in the service of ruin, or pain, or hatred, or the dark.
Omar El Akkad, American War|If we do not know how to meaningfully talk about racism, our actions will move in misleading directions.
Warren Bennis|I have a lot of trouble understanding all the detail of finance and administration - but if you combine intellectual and professional capacity with a social conscience, you can change things: countries, structures, economic models, colonial states.
Henrietta Newton Martin|Help our response, Lord, not to be, "WHAT are You doing?!" Instead, give us the perspective to ask, "Lord, what would You teach?
Marguerite Gardiner|My mum is my beauty icon, because she represents what I think beauty is.
Mestar Digital|At the end of the day, what makes the biggest difference in your success is the action you take. By Mestar Digital 2017
M.R. Carey, The Girl with All the Gifts|Melanie thinks: when your dreams come true, your true has moved. You've already stopped being the person who had the dreams, so it feels more like a weird echo of something that already happened to you a long time ago.
Jarvis Cocker|I love your body 'cause I've lost my mind If you want someone to talk to, you're wasting your time If you want someone to share your life, you need someone who's alive And if every relationship is a two-way street, I have been screwing in the back whilst you driveI never said I was deep, but I am profoundly shallow My lack of knowledge is vast, and my horizons are narrow I never said I was big, I never said that I was clever And if you're waiting to find what's going on in my mind, you could be waiting forever Forever and everI can dance you to the end of the night 'cause I'm afraid of the dark I have to confess: I'm out of my depth You're going over my head and straight through my heartSome girls like to play it dirty, some girls want to be your mum Me, I disrespected you whilst we were waiting for the taxi to come My morality is shabby, my behaviour unacceptable No, I'm not looking for a relationship, just a willing receptacleI never said I was... I never said I was... I never said I was...I never said I was deep, but I am profoundly shallow My lack of knowledge is vast, and my horizons are narrow Oh, yeah. I never said I was big, I never said that I was clever And if you're waiting to find what's going on in my mind, you could be waiting forever Forever and ever
Dixie Waters|The promoters of emancipation were not bent on promoting a revolution so much as they were intent on snuffing one out – a backward-looking, aristocratic revolution – in order to put the South back on the track it should have been on from the beginning of the republic.
Madeleine L'Engle|I believe that every one of us here tonight has as clear and vital a vocation as anyone in a religiousorder. We have the vocation of keeping alive Mr. Melcher's excitement in leading young peopleinto an expanding imagination. Because of the very nature of the world as it is today our childrenreceive in school a heavy load of scientific and analytic subjects, so it is in their reading for fun,for pleasure, that they must be guided into creativity. These are forces working in the world asnever before in the history of mankind for standardization, for the regimentation of us all, orwhat I like to call making muffins of us, muffins all like every other muffin in the muffin tin.This is the limited universe, the drying, dissipating universe, that we can help our children avoidby providing them with “explosive material capable of stirring up fresh life endlessly.
Jeremy Irons|All men dream, but not equally. Those who dream by night in the dusty recesses of their minds, wake in the day to find that it was vanity: but the dreamers of the day are dangerous men, for they may act on their dreams with open eyes, to make them possible.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|For a moment, I felt like myself again. Not the new me, not the old me, just the real me.
Arash Tabish|Some may remain imprisoned in a gridlock of lies or keep on blurring the lines between facts and fables, expecting us to buy the debilitating and fake narrative of their life, until they eventually end up on the chopping block of the inexorable truth. Be that as it may, one can “fool people some of the time, but not all of the time”. (“Bribe payers' index »)
Kate Mildenhall, Skylarking|It is fate, damn destiny, that has its way with us.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|We are wolves, which are wild dogs, and this is our place in the city. We are small and our house is small on our small urban street. We can see the city and the train line and it's beautiful in its own dangerous way. Dangerous because it's shared and taken and fought for.That's the best way I can put it, and thinking about it, when I walk past the tiny houses on our street, I wonder about the stories inside them. I wonder hard, because houses must have walls and rooftops for a reason. My only query is the windows. Why do they have windows? Is it to let a glimpse of the world in? Or for us to see out?
Barbra Annino, Emerald Isle|I realized that with Chance and me, there were no secrets. Or at least none that I could otherwise explain.I said, "I trust you more than I trust my own family, you know that?""Well, they don't set the bar real high." He smiled at me, a silly, playful smile. The kind of smile shared by people with a lot of history.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|Nothing important in this world is measured by grades. Intelligence, character, integrity, success, happiness - do you want these things, or do you want to struggle with the arbitrary difference between an A minus and a B plus?
David Brooks, The Social Animal: The Hidden Sources of Love, Character, and Achievement|Much of life is about failure, whether we acknowledge it or not, and your destiny is profoundly shaped by how effectively you learn from and adapt to failure.
Tade Thompson, Rosewater|Iverson glanced down at my white-knuckled grip, then at my eyes. A hint of a smile more subtle than a single flick of snow crossed his face, and his eyes nodded approval.
Anthony de Mello|Everybody was talking about the religious man who committed suicide. While no one in the monastery approved of the man's action, some say they admired his faith.Faith?" said the Master.He had the courage of his convictions, didn't he?"That was fanaticism, not faith. Faith demands a greater courage still: to reexamine one's convictions and reject them if they do not fit the facts.
Barbara Conelli|When life gives you twists and turns, Chique Yourself Up in Italy!
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|Often it takes more guts than skill to open doors. Once the doors get opened, then it's up to you.
K.C. Rhoads|When you get kicked in the teeth, chew on it: don't bite back.
Lyndon B. Johnson|We should measure welfare's success by how many people leave welfare, not by how many are added.
Michael Bay|The most essential thing for us was to get the business model right, then put the world-class technology under it to support it. At Merrill, that meant not doing what people expected.
Lang Leav, Lullabies|The glass bottle does not know its own contents. It has no idea whether it is a vessel for the most delicious apple cider, a lovingly crafted wine, or a bitter poison.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|If you like it, you'll find a way to justify it.But if you don't , you'll find ways to falsify it.
Tom Clancy|But now with the living conditions deteriorating, and with the sure knowledge that we are slated for destruction, we have been transformed into an implacable army of liberation.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|I pour blood on my naiveté, your apathy, and your betrayal tonight.
Jana Deleon, Unlucky|...the total number of pregnancies in which powerful and dangerous drugs are used is 60 percent, or nearly two-thirds of all births. It is rediculous to think that two-thirds of American women have such lousy uteruses that they must be whipped into shape with drugs in order to have babies.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|. . . for a good story, told often enough puts you in rooms you've never occupied.
Helen Hunt Jackson|There are so many forms of love. Spending time with friends, love stories. I enjoy showing my love by baking a cake for somebody and writing his or her name on it, and seeing his or her reaction. I love to offer flowers, too!
Margherita Missoni|I think it's time that we all be there for the children, to learn from the ones who came before us, and to teach our sons and daughters to have respect for themselves. Break the cycle.
Teri Terry, Slated|No. I remember. So long as I don't think about it too much, my hands and feet take over; some memory locked into muscle that my brain has nothing to do with.I know how to drive. And I'm better at it than he is.
John Raptor|I don't believe in ONE holy book. I believe all books are holy. Of course, some books are holy shit.
Peter Ackroyd|We are feeble, weak and impoverished because of our failure to pray. God is restrained in doing because we are restrained by reason of our non-praying. All failures in securing heaven are traceable to lack of prayer or misdirected petition.
Julie Garwood|I don't like taking from anyone. I'd rather be a giver, though not for any worthy reason. It's about control, obviously. If I give, I control; if I take, I am controlled. If someone offers me something for free I am at once suspicious.
Kameron Hurley, Infidel|If a man is proud of you in public, he will always be proud of you.
John Waters|I always give books. And I always ask for books. I think you should reward people sexually for getting you books. Don’t send a thank-you note, repay them with sexual activity. If the book is rare or by your favorite author or one you didn't know about, reward them with the most perverted sex act you can think of. Otherwise, you can just make out.
Justin Bienvenue|Every time someone tells me I can't do something the more I want to do it, not to prove them wrong but because I always knew I could do it.
Auliq-Ice|Through challenge and difficulty, we learn to see life differently than before.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|The researchers looked deeper into these observations, in hopes of gaining insight into the mechanisms underlying the high evolutionary rate and extraordinary immunologic plasticity of influenza HA. They probed in more detail the precise codons that are used by the virus to encode the influenza HA1 protein. The discriminated between codons on the basis of volatility. Each three-nucleotide codon is related by a single nucleotide change to nine 'mutational neighbours.' Of those nine mutations, some proportion change the codon to a synonymous codon and some change it to a nonsynonymous one, which directs the incorporation of a different amino acid into the protein. More volatile codons are those for which a larger proportion of those nine mutational neighbours encode an amino acid change. The use of particular codons in a gene at a frequency that is disproportionate to their random selection for encoding a chosen amino acid is termed codon bias. Such bias is common and is influenced by many factors, but here the collaborators found strong evidence for codon bias that was particular for and restricted to the amino acids making up the HA1 epitopes. Remarkably, they observed that influenza employs a disproportionate number of volatile codons in its epitope-coding sequences. There was a bias for the use of codons that had the fewest synonymous mutational neighbours. In other words, influenza HA1 appears to have optimized the speed with which it can change amino acids in its epitopes. Amino acid changes can arise from fewer mutational events. The antibody combining regions are optimized to use codons that have a greater likelihood to undergo nonsynonymous single nucleotide substitutions : they are optimized for rapid evolution.
Christopher Moore, Practical Demonkeeping|The prospect of change is a many-fanged beast, my dear.
Gillian Duce|You don't blame your shadow for the shape of your body, just the same, don't blame others for the shape of your experience.
Agatha Christie, The A.B.C. Murders|In fact there is only your own instinct?Not instinct, Hastings. Instinct is a bad word. It is my knowledge-my experience-that tells me that something about that letter is wrong-
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|1620Each quantum event, each of the trillions of times reality’s particles interact with each other every instant, is like a note that rings and resonates throughout the great bell of creation. And the sound of the ringing propagates instantaneously, everywhere at once, interconnecting all things. This is a truth of our universe. It is a mystical truth, that reality at its deepest level is an undivided wholeness.~ David Zindell
Kathleen Troia McFarland|After I joined Toyota, there was a period when I drove more than 200 cars in one year - different types, other companies' cars. I want to be able to tell what distinguishes one car from the next.
Sonia Sotomayor|In a world of status, independence is key, because a primary means of establishing status is to tell others what to do, and taking orders is a marker of low status. Though all humans need both intimacy and independence, women tend to focus on the first and men on the second. It is as if their lifeblood ran in different directions.
Vishwas Chavan|No matter how talented you are, if you don't persist the probability of achieving your goals is extremely small".
Bert McCoy|Seeking enlightenment is a waste of your time. ..In reality there is no seeker, no search, and no words.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Internal Revenue Service wants a record of how you spend your money, but that is nothing compared to the books God is keeping.
Haritha Velpureddy|You are important to me , because i thought so.
Marissa Jaret Winokur|I'm terribly sad about Farrah's passing. She was incredibly brave, and God will be welcoming her with open arms.
Mensah Oteh, Wisdom Keys In Words: A collection of the Inspirational words that will change your life|The moment you choose to be accountable for all outcomes in your life, you distance yourself from the position of a victim and assume the role of a change agent.
Henning Mankell, Kennedy's Brain|There is no such thing as a world without combat, no civilization which doesn't start off by laying down the rules for relations between people. But the rules are there for the weak. The strong man experiments to find out how far they can be stretched, he creates his own rules. You would like everything to be based on the goodwill and charity of one's fellow men. But if there is no private profit to be made, there will be no progress.
Jonathan R. Banks, A New World: The Science of Higher Dimensional Computation and Metaphysics|Foretold by ancient seers and now by scientists, we are at the unprecedented historic and evolutionary crossroad. We have the capacity to transform ourselves spiritually and our civilisation materially or de-evolve into an Orwellian nightmare
Rider Strong|I watch a lot of teen TV and read a lot of YA novels. I also talk to teens whenever I can. There are cultural differences between when I was a teen and now, but emotions - anger, angst, love - are the same.
Kate McGahan, The Lizard from Rainbow Bridge: A True Tale of an Unexpected Angel|There is a rule in Heaven that says we cannot tell someone something that might shift the living out of their destiny during their lifetime on earth. People must be led by either their mistakes or by their faith, and this is why they cannot be told certain things ahead of time.
Hansika Motwani|It is possible for the assembly-line worker consigned to tightening the bolts on the transmission and the office worker who processes medical insurance claims to work with pride and efficiency, but it's not easy to maintain that attitude.
Alain de Botton, The Art of Travel|A danger of travel is that we see things at the wrong time, before we have had a chance to build up the necessary receptivity and when new information is therefore as useless and fugitive as necklace beads without a connecting chain.
Jeri Smith-Ready, Requiem for the Devil|Beautiful doesn't begin to describe it. A flower is beautiful. But this is beautiful the way that a person is beautiful- terrifying with its jagged edges, yet seductive with its crevices that hide so many secrets.
Mensah Oteh|All battles are not created equal; a few offer good rewards and are worthy of your attention but most are a waste of your time, energy and focus.
Cora Carmack, Losing It|If brains could have orgasms, I'm pretty sure this was what it would feel like.
Valerie Tarico, Trusting Doubt: A Former Evangelical Looks at Old Beliefs in a New Light|In Paris, when certain people see you ready to set your foot in the stirrup, some pull your coat-tails, others loosen the buckle of the strap that you may fall and crack your skull; one wrenches off your horse's shoes, another steals your whip, and the least treacherous of them all is the man whom you see coming to fire his pistol at you point blank.
Ted Agon, The Human Key Condensed|The "question" is the source of human evolution and revolution.
Karen A. Baquiran|I've never had to ask a thing from you, as everything you've ever fed my soul was love.
Greta Garbo|I'm not always sincere. One can't be in this world, you know.
Kishan Paul, Blind Love|I want you to trust me," Gabe whispered against her lips.Lauren closed her eyes and fought the urge to kiss him. "I still don't."Gabe laughed. "Yeah, you do. You might not want to, but you do.
Noam Chomsky|The close Turkish-Israeli relations go back to the late 1950s - military intelligence, commercial, more recently, tourism and cultural relations.
Jeaniene Frost, One Foot in the Grave|Why did he have to be so gorgeous? Why did he have to stand so close, and why did I still love him so much? 
Kolbrin BIble|The seeming imperfections of Earth, the hazards and inequalities of life, the cruelty, harshness and apparent indifference to suffering and affliction are not what they seem; as it is Earth is perfect for its purpose. It is ignorance of that purpose which makes it appear imperfect.
Maeve Binchy|You look at your bank account, and you see the currency of love and happiness is more important than the currency of money.
Diarian Hersi|When small towns find they cannot harm the strangest of their members, when eccentrics show resilience, they are eventually embraced and even cherished.
Sanober  Khan|Maybe to feel superior in struggle was sensed, When people were aware to fight for identity.”- Near Kin
Kunal  Sen|Back then, come July, and the blazers would again make their way out of the steel trunks and evenings would be spent looking at snow-capped mountains from our terrace and spotting the first few lights on the hills above. It was the time for radishes and mulberries in the garden and violets on the slopes. The wind carried with it the comforting fragrance of eucalyptus. It was in fact all about the fragrances, like you know, in a Sherlock Holmes story. Even if you walked with your eyes closed, you could tell at a whiff, when you had arrived at the place, deduce it just by its scent. So, the oranges denoted the start of the fruit-bazaar near Prakash ji’s book shop, and the smell of freshly baked plum cake meant you had arrived opposite Air Force school and the burnt lingering aroma of coffee connoted Mayfair. But when they carved a new state out of the land and Dehra was made its capital, we watched besotted as that little town sprouted new buildings, high-rise apartments, restaurant chains, shopping malls and traffic jams, and eventually it spilled over here. I can’t help noticing now that the fragrances have changed; the Mogra is tinged with a hint of smoke and will be on the market tomorrow. The Church has remained and so has everything old that was cast in brick and stone, but they seem so much more alien that I almost wish they had been ruined.’('Left from Dhakeshwari')
Philip K. Howard, The Death of Common Sense: How Law Is Suffocating America|Our will is always for our own good, but we do not always see what that is; the people is never corrupted, but it is often deceived..." (Bk2:3)
Elan Mastai, All Our Wrong Todays|We imagine all these postapocalyptic, class-stratified, new-world-order techno-futures. But actually the real world, the world we live in, this is the dystopia.
Joseph Epstein|At these moments I took refuge in the most perfect solitude. I passed whole days on the lake alone in a little boat, watching the clouds, and listening to the rippling of the waves, silent and listless.
Ace Antonio Hall|Children have always liked the princess story, but they never knew what was her name. I think the princess was, is and will always be you.
Olivia Newton-John|There is other disturbing facts surround the hideous 911 attacks, which my family and I could see from the third floor bathroom window of our homes!
Salman Khan|I hope to live long enough to see my surviving comrades march side by side with the Union veterans along Pennsylvania Avenue, and then I will die happy.
― Martin Luther King, Jr.|Violence as a way of achieving racial justice is both impractical and immoral. I am not unmindful of the fact that violence often brings about momentary results. Nations have frequently won their independence in battle. But in spite of temporary victories, violence never brings permanent peace.
Ninon de L'Enclos|He who bestows his goods upon the poor shall have as much again, and ten times more.
Imania Margria, Secrets of My Heart|Death, like so much in life, is a lesson, which must be understood and cherished, not feared; it is a rite of passage we all must encounter at one time or another; it helps build our character and makes us stronger if we can endure its painful aftermath.
Nicole  Williams|We may shine, we may shatter,We may be picking up the pieces here on after,We are fragile, we are human,And we are shaped by the light we let through us,We break fast, cause we are glass.We are glass.
Jodi Picoult, Nineteen Minutes|So much of the language of love was like that: you devoured someone with your eyes, you drank in the sight of him, you swallowed him whole. Love was substance, broken down and beating through your bloodstream.
Rachel Higginson, Endless Magic|Drizzt looked long and hard at the young woman, tje dedicated warrior, and he understood that Danica, too, had been forced into a great sacrifice because of Cadderly's choice. He sensed an anger within her, but it was buried deep. overwhelmed by her love for this man and her admiration for his sacrifice.Catti-brie didn't miss any of it. She, who had lost her love, surely empathized with Danica, and yet, she knew that the woman was undeserving of any sympathy. In those few sentences of explanation, in the presence of Cadderly and of Danica, and within the halls of this most reverent of structures, Catti-broe understood that to give sympathy to Danica would belittle the sacrifice, would diminish what Cadderly had accomplished in exchange for his years.
Lionel Fisher, Celebrating Time Alone: Stories Of Splendid Solitude|If truth is what you seek, then the examined life will only take you on a long ride to the limits of solitude and leave you by the side of the road with your truth and nothing else.
Nelson Mandela, Long Walk to Freedom|Latin is already a dead language, man... don't make it any deader.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|In the wild struggle for existence, we want to have something that endures, and so we fill our minds with rubbish and facts, in the silly hope of keeping our place.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...when you're a writer, you become deeper and more uniquely distinct, the more you go inside yourself...
