Douglas Horton|And I like the look on people's faces when I say I'm doing this movie called Pride and Prejudice and they kind of smile, and then I say I'm in a movie called Doom and they kind of do a double take and try and put the two things together. And they never quite manage to.
Jill Paton Walsh, A Parcel of Patterns|Take heart, brothers and sisters. Keep working on keeping yourself clear, balanced and in a peace. It takes some kind of daily practice to remain in a higher consciousness and maintain our center in the heavy, chaotic energy created by humans at this time. I always find that those called upon to change our world are the most affected by it.
John Ruskin|Not everybody can be famous but everybody can be great, because greatness is determined by service.
Edna Ferber, Ice Palace|Books should be cherished, like children, books are for the next generation, like children, like history.
James Joyce, Ulysses|Ineluctable modality of the visible: at least that if no more, thought through my eyes. Signatures of all things I am here to read, seaspawn and seawrack, the nearing tide, that rusty boot. Snotgreen, bluesilver, rust: coloured signs. Limits of the diaphane. But he adds: in bodies. Then he was aware of them bodies before of them coloured. How? By knocking his sconce against them, sure. Go easy. Bald he was and a millionaire, MAESTRODI COLOR CHE SANNO. Limit of the diaphane in. Why in? Diaphane, adiaphane. If you can put your five fingers through it it is a gate, if not a door. Shut your eyes and see.
Millie Huang|By chance we met, by choice we become friend
P.B. Kerr, The Akhenaten Adventure|And tell them all about the books you've read. Better still, buy some more books and read them. That's an order. You can never read too many books.
Emma Brynstein|Never wanted it to be an imposition, I am alone & will find my way alone.
Suzanne Wright, Taste of Torment|And when there are no more classes, when society is socially democratized and unified, then there will be revealed in all its metaphysical depths the never-ending tragedy of the conflict between personality and society.
Luther Burbank|Have you ever noticed that all four of the greatest poets in the world are Muslim? And yet all the Muslims you meet are illiterate or covered head to toe in black burkas or looking for buildings to blow up? It’s a puzzle, isn’t it? If you ever figure these people out, send me an e-mail.
Judy Collins|We make out of the quarrel with others, rhetoric, but of the quarrel with ourselves, poetry.
Srinivas Shenoy|Loneliness gave me things that no one did. It gave me pain, It gave me strength to gather myself and stand again. It gave me strength to wait for you.
Kevin Mitnick|Thankfully, I have my mom and a small group of close friends who are there for me 24/7 and whom I can trust and depend on.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|To my shame, I had never thought to ask anything of the future, and yet woke each and every day embittered because it was never what I needed it to be.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|He was a far more voracious reader than me, but he made it a rule never to touch a book by any author who had not been dead at least 30 years. "That's the only kind of book I can trust," he said."It's not that I don't believe in contemporary literature," he added, "but I don't want to waste valuable time reading any book that has not had the baptism of time. Life is too short.
Kenny Chesney|What you see is kinda what you get with me. I'm a very real person, or I hope to be, anyway. I don't have nothing to hide
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|Some people are so much heaven to the square inch that life is simply hell, when she leaves you in order to go south for the winter. (Yes, women are people too, sometimes even threee.)
Max Barry|As a revolutionary people, we Americans won a probable victory over the best and biggest army in the world because we learned to fight from the Indians. You can do a lot of damage with a Kentucky rifle from behind a tree. You don't put on a peaked hat and a red coat and white leggings and crossed white bandoleers with a big silver buckle in the center of the X and march uphill into a line of Howitzers loaded with chain and chopped horseshoes.
Yingluck Shinawatra|Crime and legal stories, broadly speaking, are just where my interest happens to lie.
Nancy Werlin, Impossible|Zach found himself remembering something he'd heard Soledad and Leo saying the previous night, about healing. That it was mysterious. That it took time. And that Lucy was just at the beginning. That a terrible thing had happened - two terrible things, really - but they were now over.And that Lucy would be okay, in the end.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|An examined life, an enigmatic investigation of reality, is required in order for a person to realize a transcendent spiritual journey. A contemplative soul is bound to live life more intensely than someone whom is concerned exclusively with living an external existence.
Alan Hollinghurst, The Stranger's Child|And so the picture that I showed her that Sunday, a picture I'd seen countless times since I was a boy, brought home to me for the first time the strangeness of my relationship to the people I was interviewing, people who were rich in memories but poor in keepsakes, whereas I was so rich in the keepsakes but had no memories to go with them.
John Mayer|I spend a great deal of time with the President. We have a very close, personal, loyal relationship. I'm not, as they say, a potted plant in these meetings.
Jourdan Dunn|There's a continuity between what I care about in any form: I care about it in my music, in article-writing, in how I dress, in how I live, in my relationships, in how I navigate paparazzi, how I decorate my home. There's such a continuity between everything that I don't really care what form it shows up in.
Italo Calvino, Invisible Cities|This is a little parable about cities and genres; how, while some of them lose their imaginative centrality, others take their place.
Gordon B. Hinckley|Dan P. McAdams argues that children develop a narrative tone which influences their stories for the rest of their lives. Children gradually adopt an enduring assumption that everything will turn out well, or badly, depending on their childhood.
Dossie Easton, The Ethical Slut: A Guide to Infinite Sexual Possibilities|If you believe that you can use sex to shore up your fragile self-esteem by stealing someone else's, we feel sorry for you, because this will never work to build a solid sense of self worth, and you will have to go on stealing more and more and never getting fulfilled.
C.S. Lewis, The Silver Chair|When I was at school one would have said, 'I swear by the Bible.' But Bibles were not encouraged at Experiment House.
Nicole Kidman|I was cured in my new infamy of all the tired wisdom of age. I would never weary into that tired state again---I swore to myself, I would always be this raw, wet child hereafter...
Ka Chinery, Perceptions from the Photon Frequency: The Ascended Version|In a world of knowledge and expertise, fame and fortune, status and ranks....nothing has the power to affect change as much as love and compassion.
Brigitte Gabriel, Because They Hate: A Survivor of Islamic Terror Warns America|Just as people asked ‘Why do they hate us?’ after 9/11, one evening I asked my father, ‘Why did they do this to us?’ He took a long breath and paused, deeply concerned about what he was about to say. ‘The Muslims bombed us because we are Christians. They want us dead because they hate us’ This hate was not because we had armies in the Middle East or because we supported Israel or for any of the reasons people easily turn to today. It was because we were Christians, infidels. As a child, I was just too young to understand all the political implications, but I understood one thing: people wanted to kill me simply because I was a Christian.
Evinda Lepins, A Cup of Hope for the Day: Coffee Hour with Chicklit Power|How poor you are, September. You make my heart groan. I know about Homesickness. It begins with H. What will you do?
Kristin Armstrong|I believe that, by and large, people are good and everybody you meet is more likely to surprise you in a positive way than in a negative way.
James Herriot, If Only They Could Talk|How much truth is contained in something can be best determined by making it thoroughly laughable and then watching to see how much joking around it can take. For truth is a matter that can withstand mockery, that is freshened by any ironic gesture directed at it. Whatever cannot withstand satire is false.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Regardless of our cleverness, our achievements, and our gadgets, we are spiritual paupers without God.
Roger Zelazny, Lord of Light|The four points of the compass be logic, knowledge, wisdom and the unknown....To bow before the one is to lose sight of the three.
bell hooks, remembered rapture: the writer at work|A distinction must be made between that writing which enables us to hold on to life even as we are clinging to old hurts and wounds and that writing which offers to us a space where we are able to confront reality in such a way that we live more fully. Such writing is not an anchor that we mistakenly cling to so as not to drown. It is writing that truly rescues, that enables us to reach the shore, to recover.
Michelle Tea, Mermaid in Chelsea Creek|Sophie knew about power animals,everyone did...Sophie thought she might be a cat, she liked cats a lot.
Sarah Dessen, This Lullaby|Wherever you will go, I will let you down, But this lullaby goes on.
Anne Gracie, The Autumn Bride|Sometimes you can't stand the sound of her voice and other times you wonder how you'd even breathe if she wasn't there. That's marriage, and she'll feel the same way.
Frédéric Bastiat|Republics never survive, for their people do not like freedom but prefer to be led and guided and flattered and seduced into slavery by a benevolent, or not so, benevolent despot. They want to worship Caesar. So, American republicanism will inevitably die and become a democracy, and then decline, as Aristotle said into a despotism.
Ehsan Sehgal|Some humans are made to trust in their supernatural Creator(s) to watch over them, make their lives better, protect them from each other, maybe even save them from themselves and their own actions…Listen, and listen well to that huge silenced inner voice of yours;It should be heard along with all the others. Here is what I heard from mine:“Until proof of the existence of a loving Monotheism-presented God or any supernatural Creator, it is man who will watch over man;We have nobody elseJust usJust each other.
Jodi Picoult, Nineteen Minutes|Wenn jemand starb, dem du dein Herz geschenkt hattest, nahm er es dann mit?
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|They warn you that you're gonna have to make sacrifices, but i guess that means different things to different people, like giving up something you really want now for something you've wanted your whole life, or spending less time on yourself, so you can spend more time with someone you love. At some point you might even have to give up your own sense of safety and well being, but after a while it doesn't feel like you're giving up anything at all.
Eli Of Kittim, The Little Book of Revelation: The First Coming of Jesus at the End of Days|You need the Spirit of the Lord to come mightily upon you. When He is in charge, your troubles are in trouble.
Nicholas Hochstedler, War in October|And I know just’s well as anybody that if you control a man’s space and time then you control his whole goddamn life: he’s a goner, cause hell, there ain’t nothin’ for him to do in space and time but make the few choices he can make with what he got.
Abraham Lincoln|I am not bound to win, but I am bound to be true. I am not bound to succeed, but I am bound to live up to what light I have.
Larry the Cable Guy|I didn't know the full dimensions of forever, but I knew it was longer than waiting for Christmas to come.
Ragnar Redbeard|Death and destruction are necessary to the health of the world, and therefore as natural, and lovable, as birth and life. Only priests and born cowards moan and weep over dying. Brave men face it with approving nonchalance.
David Amram|The music is a personal expression, like art. It is something that you like doing that comes from within, and is an expression that comes from God. That is why artists are beautiful and why people who copy are not really artistic.
Sara Baume, A Line Made by Walking|I part my lips, but no words come out. I want to cry. Want to beg. Want to scream. But mostly, I want to hold him until I know he’s going to be okay. Then I want him to hold me until I’m okay, too.
Judith Drake, An  Essay in Defence of the Female Sex in Which Are Inserted the Characters of a Pedant, a Squire, a Beau, Vertuoso, a Poetaster, a City-Critick, in a|Let us not make a procrustean bed of trans issues and force deities of the past onto it, let us instead awaken trans and other gender-variant deities from their own beds! There is no possibility of blasphemy against existing powers and their human followers if the deities in question are our own, and we never have to "take them back," because they have always been ours to begin with!
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|Every day is a good day. There is something to learn, care and celebrate.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Daughter|Even as zombies, ridiculous prom gowns were the downfall of teenage girls, crippling them at the knees.
Thea Harrison, Oracle's Moon|I feel like there are fifty ways it's my fault. I fantasized. I took the big pill and the small pill, stuffed myself with substances to make being out in the world with people my own age a little easier. To lessen the space between me and everyone else. I was hungry to be seen. But I also know that at no moment did I consent to being handled that way.
Jeanette Winterson, Sexing the Cherry|That night two lovers whispering under the lead canopy of the church were killed by their own passion. Their effusion of words, unable to escape through the Saturnian discipline of lead, so filled the spaces of the loft that the air was all driven away. The lovers suffocated, but when the sacristan opened the tiny door the words tumbled him over in their desire to be free, and were seen flying across the city in the shape of doves.
Georgette Heyer|So what part did I play in all this? Well, none really. They completely ignored me for the whole twenty or thirty minutes. Which was perfectly fine, of course, I didn’t mind. But it did puzzle me, because early every morning they would come yelping and scratching around the doors and windows of my house until I got up and took them for their walk. If anything disturbed the daily ritual, like I had to drive into town, or have a meeting, or fly to England or something, they would get thoroughly miserable and simply not know what to do. Despite the fact that they would always completely ignore me whenever we went on our walks together, they couldn’t just go and have a walk without me. This revealed a profoundly philosophical bent in these dogs that were not mine, because they had worked out that I had to be there in order for them to be able to ignore me properly. You can’t ignore someone who isn’t there, because that’s not what “ignore” means.
thespectaclesofthor, Stuck on the Puzzle|I press my face into his cold skin, immersing myself in the smell of the man who has so fundamentally changed me. He twists his head left again, watching me.“If these chains were to disappear, I would tan that beautiful backside for you for that comment.”His tone is low, sending a shiver through me. I feel my breath quicken at his words, imagining me sprawled over his strong lap, my skirts tossed over my torso as he administers my spanking. I clench the moistening muscles between my legs, acknowledging how good the idea sounds. His eyes sparkle as they assess my responses.“You would like that too, wouldn’t you, my captive?” he probes.I swallow hard, knowing that even in this gloom, Anders will notice my colour rising from my neck to my cheeks.“Yes,” I murmur, transfixed by him even in this new role reversal.“Have you missed me?” he asks, moving his arms in the metal chains above us. “Have you missed my discipline?”“You know I have,” I reply, not daring to take my eyes from his blue orbs.
Simone de Beauvoir, She Came to Stay|Surprising condition, this, of our existence! To live is to feel ourselves fatally obliged to exercise our liberty, to decide what we are going to be in this world. Not for a single moment is our activity of decision allowed to rest. Even when in desperation we abandon ourselves to whatever may happen, we have decided not to decide.
Robert Augustus Masters, Transformation through Intimacy, Revised Edition: The Journey toward Awakened Monogamy|The more deeply we dive, the less we mind upsetting waves, finding within intimate relationship an increasingly compelling invitation to seek and find freedom through our shared heart, our shared body, our shared limitations, our shared boundlessness, our shared mortality, our shared yes, our shared being, our shared all...P.14
Tamar Bobokhidze, Nora's First Day at School|This not how you hide, Corin!
Stanley Marcus|Since dogs could hear and smell better than men, we could concentrate on sight. Since courage is commonplace in dogs, men's adrenal glands could shrink. Dogs, by making us more efficient predators, gave us time to think. In short, dogs civilized us.
Robert Brault|Having perfected our disguise, we spend our lives searching for someone we don’t fool.
Stephen Richards|Making time for what you really want to do can be a full-time job, but only if you allow it to be.
Shannon Hale|I’m sorry, my lady,” said Geric, rubbing his arm. “But I failed to force an apology out of the offending goose.
Maya Angelou, Wouldn't Take Nothing for My Journey Now|Every person needs to take one day away.  A day in which one consciously separates the past from the future.  Jobs, family, employers, and friends can exist one day without any one of us, and if our egos permit us to confess, they could exist eternally in our absence.  Each person deserves a day away in which no problems are confronted, no solutions searched for.  Each of us needs to withdraw from the cares which will not withdraw from us.
John Flanagan, The Emperor of Nihon-Ja|Dear God,” said Will, looking from Charlotte to Nate and back again. “Is there anything that makes women sillier than the sight of a wounded young man?”Tessa slitted her eyes at him. “You might want to clean the rest of the blood of your face before you continue arguing in that vein.”Will threw his arms up in the air and stalked off. Charlotte looked at Tessa, a half smile curving the side of her mouth. “I must say, I rather like the way you manage Will.”Tessa shook her head. “No one manages Will.
Anonymous|Don't be afraid to go after what you want to do and what you want to be, and don't be afraid to pay the price to get it.
Sunday Adelaja|While you are serving someone else, God is working out your future
Ryan Hurst|I did a lot of musical theater when I was younger, and I really hope to get back there someday. I miss singing a lot. I listen to Broadway show tunes in my car and sing along to them.
Claudine Carmel, Lucy Lick-Me-Not and the Day Eaters: A Birthday Story|Life is fun. celebrate. If you aren't being kicked, the world probably thinks you are dead anyways.
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|His yellow eyes were half-lidded as he sang, and in that golden moment, hanging taut in the middle of an ice-covered landscape like a single bubble of summer nectar, I could see how my life could be stretched out in front of me.
Michelle Franklin|The rest of the evening passed agreeably: the crew had their games on the main deck, resigning themselves to Sirs and dice now that dancing was out, those who would go ashore to enjoy the dining halls and tea houses went after their matches were lost, and those who remained either took themselves off to an early rest or remained with the musicians, to sing out the remainder of the evening by way of a few round songs, calling out verses in melodic dissonance, singing the history of Good Marrie the Whore and though there were “Ten hands in her purse, there was still room for one more!”,
Darwun St. James, CRICKET|In a near-by clearing, Cricket and How-Ya-Do came upon a ridiculously comical sight.  It was an extra-large hyper-manic bird yelling at the funniest looking Crawfish that she had ever seen. The Crawfish stood over a foot tall, which just does not happen, and he was wearing a light-blue beanie and gold chains around his neck.
Charles Jencks|I'm involved in everything from a nutraceutical company to a pharmaceutical company to a medical device company. My whole world revolves around health, and I feel it's my responsibility, in a way, and I say it this way, and I don't take this lightly.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Careful Use of Compliments|Smartass Disciple: Master, we should not spend our time to low life like them.Master of Stupidity: If I don’t, then how should I lead men like you to be wiser?
A.D. Posey|Like a flower, feel yourself rise above and begin to open.
Nicholas Christopher, The True Adventures of Nicolo Zen|Mary had become anxious in her old age, and she hated being away from the house for long. She'd hold the girls' hands tightly and calm herself by telling them what she would make for first frost that year- pork tenderloins with nasturtiums, dill potatoes, pumpkin bread, chicory coffee. And the cupcakes, of course, with all different frostings, because what was first frost without frosting? Claire had loved it all, but Sydney had only listened when their grandmother talked of frosting. Caramel, rosewater-pistachio, chocolate almond.
Stebby Julionatan|Eleven years she had lived in the dark house and its gloomy garden. He was jealous of the very light and air getting to her, and they kept her close. He stopped the wide chimneys, shaded the little windows, left the strong-stemmed ivy to wander where it would over the house-front, the moss to accumulate on the untrimmed fruit trees in the red-walled garden, the weeds to over-run its green and yellow walks. He surrounded her with images of sorrow and desolation. He caused her to be filled with fears of the place and of the stories that were told of it, and then on pretext of correcting them, to be left in it in solitude, or made to shrink about it in the dark. When her mind was most depressed and fullest of terrors, then, he would come out of one of the hiding-places from which he overlooked her, and present himself as her sole resource.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you seek first God's Kingdom, shall find the key to knowledge.
Micheline Jean Louis|Emma, you have lived before…in other lifetimes.”I was waiting for him to burst into laughter and tell me this was some ridiculous prank. Where was he going with this?“I have been reincarnated?” “Yes, several times. You accidently breathed in God’s energy at an Egyptian temple and that energy never dies.” I sat there staring blankly, wondering if I had fallen in love with a mad man. “Emma, your soul is confused…”“Between?”“Being human and being God
Miguel Ruiz|If you can see yourself as an artist, and you can see that your life is your own creation, then why not create the most beautiful story for yourself?
Elon Musk|Work for something because it is good, not just because it stands a chance to succeed.
Adler Mortimer|And remember also that when we seek to learn from nature directly, our ultimate aim is to understand the world in which we live. We neither agree nor disagree with nature as we often do in the case of books.
Ed McMahon|Success is just being happy. And I try so many different things. I do a lot of different things. Because I think God has helped me to love myself. I know who God is, and I love God.
Neelam Saxena Chandra|They hurried when they could, and dozed when they had to, hiding in tangles of bloodtwig and heartsease at the edge of the road.
Elvis Mitchell|It's not anti-Catholic to question, nor is it anti-Catholic to be honest about the previous shortcomings of the church, because that is the only way we can ensure its strength and dignity moving forward. It is, however, very Catholic to forgive each other and to never stop loving each other.
Thiruman Archunan|Sure, scars can be painfull to look at, reminding you where you've been, but they also remind you of how far you've come.
Anne Rice, Merrick|Out of sheer perversity, I followed beauty where it lead, into the silence.
Erik Pevernagie|Whenever you’ll open your eyes, you will find nothing but ugliness and misery all around you. Everything looks fine when you are in an unconscious state. This is the reason why you find it difficult to conceive: CONSCIOUSNESS IS THE BEING. You say, ”Impossible!” That’s why one needs to go through pain. That is called tapascharya, spiritual practice. Whenever one begins to become aware, first he will have to go through suffering. For lives you have created misery around you, who else would pass through it if not you? That is what we have called the karma.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|Never, never, never, on cross-examination ask a witness a question you don't already know the answer to.
A.G. Phillips|In the first years of our lives we learn how to shit, talk, walk, sleep, eat and, most importantly, how to royally piss off our parents.
Sunday Adelaja|The earth is not supposed to be developed and civilized by prayers alone, the earth is supposed to be civilized by hard work, labour and diligence.
William Irwin Thompson|Because of media hype and woefully inadequate information, too many people nowadays are deathly afraid of their food, and what does fear of food do to the digestive system? I am sure that an unhappy or suspicious stomach, constricted and uneasy with worry, cannot digest properly.
Saji Ijiyemi, Don't Die Sitting|Be careful of the lie you believe about yourself, sooner or later, you will be convinced of it.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Release is not the same as liberation. You get out of jail, all right, but you never stop being condemned.
Pat Conroy, The Prince of Tides|It's like she thinks my job is to please her, and that should be my dearest wish, and when I don't please her - I get shut out.
Kristen Hope Mazzola, Crashing Back Down|There's a moment in every woman's life when she knows that for once, she stood on her own two feet, faced the world, and flipped it off. I just had that moment, and it feels fucking awsome.
Paul Krassner|When a bull is being lead to the slaughter, it still hopes to break loose and trample its butchers. Other bulls have not been able to pass on the knowledge that this never happens and that from the slaughterhouse there is no way back to the herd. But in human society there is a continuous exchange of experience. I have never heard of a man who broke away and fled while being led to his execution. It is even thought to be a special form of courage if a man about to be executed refuses to be blindfolded and dies with his eyes open. But I would rather have the bull with his blind rage, the stubborn beast who doesn't weigh his chances of survival with the prudent dull-wittedness of man, and doesn't know the despicable feeling of despair.
Joyce Rachelle|I know I can't own a hilltop, a meadow, or a mountainside. But keeping it a secret somehow makes it mine.
Nick Hornby, How to Be Good|You see, gentlemen, reason is an excellent thing, there’s no disputing that, but reason is nothing but reason and satisfies only the rational side of man’s nature, while will is a manifestation of the whole life, that is, of the whole human life including reason and all the impulses. And although our life, in this manifestation of it, is often worthless, yet it is life and not simply extracting square roots.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|I kissed him hard. The few people in the bar must have been thinking that all they were seeing was just a kiss. They didn't know that this kiss stood for my whole life - and his life, as well. The life of anyone who has waited, dreamed, and searched for their true path.The moment of that kiss contained every happy moment I had ever lived.
Shelly Crane, Smash Into You|Never Forget Who You Are Beacause Its Like Forgetingg Water Is Wet,The Sun Is Bright,Snow Is Cold.Its Rudunent.
Leora Tanenbaum, I Am Not a Slut: Slut-Shaming in the Age of the Internet|Although drinking to the point of becoming incapacitated is unwise and risky for anyone, the blame for rape must be put on the rapist who preys on a drunk woman, not a drunk woman who becomes prey. If my car is stolen after I’ve parked it with the door unlocked in a neighborhood known for car theft, a crime has been committed, and I have the right and expectation to report the crime to the police. No one would tell me that the thief is the one who deserves sympathy, and that apprehending him would ruin his life. No one would tell me I’m a terrible person for getting my car stolen, and that I deserve to have my car stolen. They would be right to question my judgment, but not the fact that a crime has been committed. But when it comes to rape, the victim’s pre-rape actions are used to justify the crime.
Israelmore Ayivor|The more you concentration on God, the longer your conversation with him lasts and the holier his consacration will be on you. Let your communication with him be controlled by your committment.
Sonal Panse, The Sunshine Time: Season 1 Episode 4|Family is everything!” he always said when he went overboard with sentimentality. “If you don’t have family, what do you have?
Gene Hill|Sometimes I worry about how attached I am to this dog. About the fact that the primary relationship of my life is with a canine. That at the end of a terrible day I look forward to nothing more than coming home and lying on the bed, under the covers, with a giant Great Dane.
Stephen Richards, How to Get Everything You Can Imagine: Volume 1: How Mind Power Works|When you keep a strong image of what you want in your mind, and possess the conviction that it is yours by right, you send out powerful vibrations to the farthest reaches of the universe.
Kevin Barry|The older I grow, the more I listen to people who don't talk much.
Rick Riordan, The Demigod Files|Percy: I’ll walk down to the cabins and Connor and Travis are stealing stuff from the camp store, and Silena is arguing with Annabeth trying to give her a new makeover, and Clarisse is still sticking the new kids’ head into the toilets. It’s nice that some things never change.
Seraphina Donavan|I write books that I want to read. I write books that feature curvy heroines because I'm a curvy woman myself and it gets tiresome to read books about skinny women all the time. There's nothing wrong with skinny women, I just don't relate to their lives, and it would be really hard for me, as a writer, to fully inhabit that character otherwise.
Anne Holm|I wrote "David" because it seemed to me that children, who can love a book more passionately than any grown person, got such a lot of harmless entertainment and not enough real, valuable literature.
Katie Reus, Tease Me, Baby|Well, are you?”“Am I what?”“Dating people?”Her lips quirked up at the corners. “Are you?”“Nope.”“Neither am I.”“Good. You’re mine until you leave.
Charlotte Perkins Gilman|When men and women produce a baby together for the first time, it's an absolute festival of mutual incompetence.From The Wife Drought
Sebastian Barry, Days Without End|Police are the blue helmets pretending to be batman, commercially gender biased in employment.
Minae Mizumura, The Fall of Language in the Age of English|Since language produces meaning within an enclosed system, there is always a built-in untranslatability, which national languages began to deliberately pursue. The process added to the creation of an untranslatable "reality" that can be expresses only in a particular language. It also added to the discovery of untranslatable "truths.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Each one of us needs to discover the proper balance between the masculine and feminine energies, between the active and the receptive. (104)
S.G. Holster, Terrible Lies|The same beautiful receptionist greeted Christian who had met him before and she extended the same lush invitation as she had the last time. Victoria's eyes narrowed and Christian chuckled under his breath at her jealousy."Relax chérie, she's paid to do that." "Well, she didn't come on to me, so obviously she's not doing her job properly," Victoria said. Christian laughed.
Jennifer Lane, Aced|To embrace love, we risk heartbreak. To resist love, we risk emptiness.
Deb Caletti, The Fortunes of Indigo Skye|To uncover your true potential you must first find your own limits and then you have to have the courage to blow past them."To uncover your true potential you must first find your own limits and then you have to have the courage to blow past them."— Picabo Street
Paul Neilan, Apathy and Other Small Victories|It was nice of her to want to believe the best about me. People tend to do that with the strangers they're fucking. If she wanted to think that apathy and independence were the same thing, good for her. Maybe she was right.
Allan Watts|In the search for happiness, However, We r all equal; None of us is Happy - Not the Banker/Actors/Actresses/Politician/Housewife/Model/Doctor and so on.
Eyden I., My Precious|This is our life; dreams come true, and dreams stumble, while others dreams remain postponed perpetuity...
Nicholas Wolterstorff, Lament for a Son|Why are the photographs of him as a little boy so incredibly hard to look at? Something is over. Now instead of those shiny moments being things we can share together in delighted memories, I, the survivor, have to bear them alone. So it is with all the memories of him. They all lead into blackness. All I can do is remember him, I cannot experience him. Nothing new can happen between us.
Carla H. Krueger, The Social Worker|We don't need to win all the time. We should embrace losing. Losing weight, bad employees, disloyal friends...These aren't bad things @ all!
Joanna Going|Little do we find any Phoenician architecture or plastic art at all comparable even to those of Italy, to say nothing of the lands where art was native.
Lionel Suggs|Invest in yourself. Invest in self-discipline. Invest in self-satisfaction. Have complete control over your own thoughts and convictions, and never stop aiming to outdo yourself.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|You can't truly, deeply and sustainably motivate anybody until you know what their motives are - what motivates them...?
Shashi Tharoor, An Era of Darkness: The British Empire in India|flaunting the Kohinoor on the Queen Mother’s crown in the Tower of London is a powerful reminder of the injustices perpetrated by the former imperial power. Until it is returned—at least as a symbolic gesture of expiation—it will remain evidence of the loot, plunder and misappropriation that colonialism was really all about. Perhaps that is the best argument for leaving the Kohinoor where it emphatically does not belong—in British hands.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|The hidden well-spring of your soul must needs rise and run murmuring to the sea;And the treasure of your infinite depths would be revealed to your eyes.But let there be no scales to weigh your unknown treasure;And seek not the depths of your knowledge with staff or sounding line.For self is a sea boundless and measureless.Say not, “I have found the truth,” but rather, “I have found a truth.”Say not, “I have found the path of the soul.” Say rather, “I have met the soul walking upon my path.”For the soul walks upon all paths.The soul walks not upon a line, neither does it grow like a reed.The soul unfolds itself, like a lotus of countless petals.
Dr Karan M Pai|The past has faded from memory, the present is where I live. I travel on. Who knows where I’m heading.Where am I? Faith lets me believe that the world is good. And those I meet on the way who walk with me for a while are good people too. I know.Just a little cross..That drifting traveller was from my village, that old path... whose memories I could not escape. My home shed tears without me. I have a nagging fear ... that I no longer belong to my home.I’m a man whose chosen journey, will stay the journey. Neither room here nor from there. I’m a man whose chosen journey, will stay the journey.That I stayed always did.I befriend milestones, the road knows me by my gait. Everyday.. the world feels the same everyday. I sell cities to people of leisure, I leave empty handed. I return empty handed. Everyday.. I’m becoming a stranger to myself everyday.. I’m a man whose chosen journey, will stay the journey. That I stayed always did.When I turned from village to city, turning bitter, like poison. Everyday.. I wish I could have been different everyday ... This age, This time, This road keeps passing by. I’m a man whose chosen journey, will stay the journey. That I stayed always did.I stayed!I stayed!
Irish proverb|Take the world nice and easy, and the world will take you the same.
Robert Michaels|I don't care if you're black, white, straight, bisexual, gay, lesbian, short, tall, fat, skinny, rich or poor. If you're nice to me, I'll be nice to you. Simple as that.
Franny Billingsley, Chime|I think about the Old Ones, that they have a past but no history. I think about the inevitability of death, and whether it’s not that very inevitability that inspires us to take photographs and make scrapbooks and tell stories. That that’s how we humans find our way to immortality. This is not a new thought; I’ve had such thoughts before. But I have a new thought now. That that’s how we find our way toward meaning. Meaning. If you’re going to die, you want to find meaning in life. You want to connect the dots.
Alexander Pope|If being the biggest company was a guarantee of success, we'd all be using IBM computers and driving GM cars.
Aaron Riches, Ecce Homo: On the Divine Unity of Christ|To suggest that the grief of Christ issues from his perfect wisdom andcharity would confirm that true sorrow is human and therefore cannotcorrespond to despair, since the hopelessness of despair would yield nothingabout which to sorrow. If life is meaningless, there is no reason tomourn. Truth is what makes grief authentic and real, and so it followsthat Truth Incarnate, come down from heaven to our vale of tears, wouldgrieve at the highest pitch. The “tragic experience of the most completedesolation”49 depends on “the knowledge and experience of the Father.”50Or as Adrienne von Speyr puts it: “The Father is never more present thanin this absence on the Cross.
Suzanne Brockmann|I love that feeling of being in love, the effect of having butterflies when you wake up in the morning. That is special.
Teresa Schultz, The Bible In Poetry,|Jesus came to bring life more abundantly. He came to save the soulsick, to deliver those bound up in sin, to break the chains of bondage and addiction. He came to heal the hurting, and comfort and restore the used, abused, bruised, battered, and broken. He came to forgive the worst sinner and to bring life to the lifeless. He came to reconcile us with God so we can have relationship with our Father.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Anti-Christ/Ecce Homo/Twilight of the Idols/Other Writings|Piracy is robbery with violence, often segueing into murder, rape and kidnapping. It is one of the most frightening crimes in the world. Using the same term to describe a twelve-year-old swapping music with friends, even thousands of songs, is evidence of a loss of perspective so astounding that it invites and deserves the derision it receives.
A.J. Wiliams, Bounty's End|? Life is all about relationships and what actually happens when people relate, when people understand each other. To see each other for who they are, not what we want or expect of them.” Margaret Bouchard
George Gaylord Simpson|Man is a glorious and unique species of animal. The species originated by evolution.... Future evolution could raise man to superb heights as yet hardly glimpsed, but it will not automatically do so. As far as can now be foreseen, evolutionary degeneration is at least as likely in our future as is further progress.The only way to ensure a progressive evolutionary future for mankind is for man himself to take a hand in the process. Although much further knowledge is needed, it is unquestionably possible for man to guide his own evolution (within limits) along desirable lines. But the great weight of the most widespread...beliefs and institutions is against even attempting such guidance. ["Man's evolutionary future," 1960, p. 134.]
Stephen Richards, Lost in Care: The True Story of a Forgotten Child|Mind you, with all this emphasis on the householder now being able to use ‘reasonable force’ to protect their home, I wouldn’t even consider it. I mean, look what that Farmer Tony Martin did to those creepers!
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|If a kid looks like he doesn't give a shit, it's not because he doesn't believe in himself anymore; it's because no one else believes in him.
Aberjhani, The River of Winged Dreams|Occasionally, there are battles in the sky. One likes to imagine the angels are always triumphant. One does not like to think of the ancient and terrible scales balancing the infernal and divine as wobbling back and forth. Tilting freely, to and fro. One does not like to think that sometimes it is the angel that falls.
Kyung-Sook Shin, Please Look After Mom|She said she knew we were safe with you, and always would be, because once, when she asked you to, you'd given up the thing you most wanted." Archer received this strange communication in silence. His eyes remained unseeingly fixed on the thronged sunlit square below the window. At length he said in a low voice: "She never asked me.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We often seek to please ourselves first, instead of God. What is interesting is that when we seek to please God first, very often we discover that we end up far more pleased than we did when we put ourselves first.
Dan Groat, An Enigmatic Escape: A Trilogy|Sometimes when the three of us were together on our own, we would have a good time. I was pretty young, but sometimes we would go off in the woods and build forts and fight Indians and I think things were about as close to fine as they ever got right then during those times. In the woods. No parents. No yelling.
Terry Pratchett, A Hat Full of Sky|There's always a story. It's all stories, really. The sun coming up every day is a story. Everything's got a story in it. Change the story, change the world.
Jorge Luis Borges, The Garden of Forking Paths|In all fiction, when a man is faced with alternatives he chooses one at the expense of the others. In the almost unfathomable Ts'ui Pen, he chooses – simultaneously – all of them. He thus creates various futures, various times which start others that will in their turn branch out and bifurcate in other times. That is the cause of the contradictions in the novel.
Kyari Mohammed, Boko Haram: Islamism, politics, security and the state in Nigeria|The Hebrews have no name for Him, the Moslems have a hundred. Both suggest the same thing, that there are concepts as well as emotions that can be communicated only allegorically.
Amy Jarecki, Highland Knight of Rapture|The first time Christina and Lachlan Meet ...Christina wasn't about to stop fighting—not until she took her last breath. Boring down with her heels, she thrashed. "Get off me, ye brute." She would hold her son in her arms this day if it was the last thing she did. And by the shift of the crushing weight on her chest, she only had moments before her life's breath completely whooshed from her lungs. The very thought of dying whilst her son was still held captive infused her with strength. With a jab, she slammed the heel of her hand across the man's chin. He flew from her body like a sack of grain. Praises be, had the Lord granted her with superhuman strength? Blinking, Christina sat up. No, no. Her strike hadn't rescued her from the pillager. A champion had. A behemoth of a man pummeled the pikeman's face with his fists. "Never. Ever." His fists moved so fast they blurred. "Harm. A. Woman!" Bloodied and battered, the varlet dropped to the dirt. A swordsman attacked her savior from behind. "Watch out," she cried, but before the words left her lips the warrior spun to his feet. Flinging his arm backward, he grabbed his assailant's wrist, stopped the sword midair and flipped the cur onto his back. Onward, he fought a rush of English attackers with his bare hands, without armor. Not even William Wallace himself had been so talented. This warrior moved like a cat, anticipating his opponent's moves before they happened. Five enemy soldiers lay on their backs. "Quickly," the man shouted, running toward her, his feet bare. No sooner had she rolled to her knees than his powerful arms clamped around her. The wind whipped beneath her feet. He planted her bum in the saddle. "Behind!" Christina screamed, every muscle in her body clenching taut. Throwing back an elbow, the man smacked an enemy soldier in the face resulting in a sickening crack. She picked up her reins and dug in her heels. "Whoa!" The big man latched onto the skirt of her saddle and hopped behind her, making her pony's rear end dip. But the frightened galloway didn't need coaxing. He galloped away from the fight like a deer running from a fox. Christina peered around her shoulder at the mass of fighting men behind them. "My son!" "Do you see him?" the man asked in the strangest accent she'd ever heard. She tried to turn back, but the man's steely chest stopped her. "They took him." "Who?" "The English, of course." The more they talked, the further from the border the galloway took them. "Huh?" the man mumbled behind her like he'd been struck in the head by a hammer. Everyone for miles knew the Scots and the English were to exchange a prisoner that day. The champion's big palm slipped around her waist and held on—it didn't hurt like he was digging in his fingers, but he pressed firm against her. The sensation of such a powerful hand on her body was unnerving. It had been eons since any man had touched her, at least gently. The truth? Aside from the brutish attack moments ago, Christina's life had been nothing but chaste. White foam leached from the pony's neck and he took in thunderous snorts. He wouldn't be able to keep this pace much longer. Christina steered him through a copse of trees and up the crag where just that morning she'd stood with King Robert and Sir Boyd before they'd led the Scottish battalion into the valley. There, she could gain a good vantage point and try to determine where the backstabbing English were heading with Andrew this time. At the crest of the outcropping, she pulled the horse to a halt. "The pony cannot keep going at this pace." The man's eyebrows slanted inward and he gave her a quizzical stare. Good Lord, his tempest-blue eyes pierced straight through her soul. "Are you speaking English?
Frank Lloyd Wright|If it sells, it's art.
Vi Keeland, First Thing I See|Candace doesn't have to worry about me being busy in my world without you, because you are my world.
Compton Gage|Death is not considerate, or fair.
Thoth Hermes Trismegistus|No one can steal your joy from you, but you...take your power back!
Michael Shermer|Sometimes people talk about conflict between humans and machines, and you can see that in a lot of science fiction. But the machines we're creating are not some invasion from Mars. We create these tools to expand our own reach.
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Wherever You Go, There You Are: Mindfulness Meditation in Everyday Life|There is a rhythm throughout the universe. The pulsation throbs within every heart, during each moment of ecstasy, in every birth contraction. The rhythm exists in the pull of the ocean tide, around the weight of each raindrop, woven into every cocoon.The sequence, the progression, is what we call time. Our time of influence affects the expansion of the universe. Heaven is eager to learn how we will add to the growth of eternal existence. God is ready to respond as you take part in creation. The rhythm never ends, it only strengthens and expands.This life force is you. You are the mystery.You are the journey. You are exquisite.You are here.Now, it’s your time.
Jayce O'Neal|No person is 100% faithful. It is only when we see the depth of our own unfaithfulness that we can truly begin to understand the faithfulness of Jesus. He is faithful even when we are not. Thankfully, we have a perfect God who loves us imperfect people.
Emily Dickinson|We outgrow love like other things and put it in a drawer, till it an antique fashion shows like costumes grandsires wore.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|You are not born to follow the society, you are born to inspire it - you are born to teach it - you are born to build it.
Sarah J. Maas, Queen of Shadows|She was a wolf. She was death, devourer of the worlds.
Jeevagan Nagarajan|Not only the products, even we come with the expiry date
Dean Hughes, Before the Dawn|I'd rather do something than read about it.""That's fine, but if you do it, and then can't think what it means, it's never much of a memory. Life has more to so with memories of the past and longings for the future than it ever does with *right now*."-pg 138-9
Philip Kerr, The One from the Other|And then the second thing you have to do is go and see your son. That is a duty of love, Andrew. It's as simple as that. A duty of love. Do you understand what I'm saying to you?
Harper Fox, Brothers of the Wild North Sea|Around them, sky and air wove the ancient song of the meeting place of earth and sea—wave-rush on the shore, gulls mewing and sobbing. No more bells, except a last dying peal from Fara.
Himmilicious|The sex, it automatically becomes amazing when you own the person, you know he is loyal and no matter what he is not going to leave you.
Pat Conroy, The Prince of Tides|She will prolong her life by the length of her story, even though time will wear on inexorably as she tells it, thus depriving her of the chance to have a new experience.
Jennifer Megan Varnadore|If the thought of leaving a relationship makes you want to hang your head in shame, why ever would you want to walk out the door? You are obviously missing something.
Wesley Stace, By George|They're not doing much for themselves. I'm sure they'd rather slip away, relax their fingers and float, but they can't. They're not allowed. Effort is so painful; our knuckles are white, yet we keep clinging. The alternative is suicide- and we are too fearful for that.
Doe Zantamata|It is only in our darkest hours that we may discover the true strength of the brilliant light within ourselves that can never, ever, be dimmed.
Terrance Hayes|I realized that I loved using computers to create something, but being an architect just wasn't going to keep me interested. The idea of a life spent obsessing over bathroom details for an Upper East Side penthouse was pretty depressing.
Justin Bog, The Conversationalist|Sometimes the guy you think is too nice, is just the guy trying his hardest to love you.
Compton Gage|As for you, you're unwise: how may you then speak of these things whereof thou ask you?
Dannika Dark, Five Weeks|Sometimes a woman has experienced too much life to have any blush left in her cheeks, but the man who puts it there is someone not easily forgotten.
Victoria Addino|Never run from the enemy, tackle them
A.E. Housman, A Shropshire Lad|Stars, everywhere. So many stars that I could not for the life meunderstand how the sky could contain them all yet be so black.
Luis Marques|To face a real daemon, you must first look inwards and conquer your own darkness. ☥
Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses|Can we believe that the real God, if there is one, ever ordered a man to be killed simply for making hair oil, or ointment? We are told in the thirtieth chapter of Exodus, that the Lord commanded Moses to take myrrh, cinnamon, sweet calamus, cassia, and olive oil, and make a holy ointment for the purpose of anointing the tabernacle, tables, candlesticks and other utensils, as well as Aaron and his sons; saying, at the same time, that whosoever compounded any like it, or whoever put any of it on a stranger, should be put to death. In the same chapter, the Lord furnishes Moses with a recipe for making a perfume, saying, that whoever should make any which smelled like it, should be cut off from his people. This, to me, sounds so unreasonable that I cannot believe it. Why should an infinite God care whether mankind made ointments and perfumes like his or not? Why should the Creator of all things threaten to kill a priest who approached his altar without having washed his hands and feet? These commandments and these penalties would disgrace the vainest tyrant that ever sat, by chance, upon a throne.
Thomm Quackenbush, Danse Macabre (Night's Dream, #2)|In Tybalt's case, it means bloody control of the local Court of Cats. He became their king by right of blood; he's held the position by beating the crap out of anyone who tries to take it away. The Cait Sidhe take a more direct and bloody approach to succession than most of Faerie.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|Finnik?” I say. “Maybe some pants?” He looks down at his legs as if noticing them for the first time. Then he whips of his hospital gown, leaving him in just is underwear. “Why? Do you find this”-he strikes a ridiculously proactive pose-“distracting?” I can’t help laughing because it’s funny, and it’s extra funny because Boggs looks so uncomfortable, and I’m happy because Finnik actually sounds like the guy I met at the Quarter Quell. “I’m only human, Odair.” I get in before the elevator doors close. “Sorry,” I say to Boggs. “Don’t be. I thought you… handled that well,” He says. “Better than my having to arrest him, anyway.”  Fulvia Cardew hustles over an makes a sound of frustration when she sees my clean face. “All that hard work, down the drain. I’m not blaming you, Katniss. It’s just that very few people are born with camera-ready faces. Like him.” She snags Gale, who’s in a conversation with Plutarch, and spins him towards us. “Isn’t he handsome?” Gale does look stricking in the uniform, I guess. But the question just embarrasses us both Given our history. I’m trying to think of a witty comeback when Boggs says brusquely, “Well don’t expect us to be too impressed. We just saw Finnick Odair in his underwear.
Sylvia Clare, Trusting Your Intuition: Rediscover Your True Self to Achieve a Richer, More Rewarding Life|Intuition represents a concept which is made up from lots of ideas and assumptions, not all of which will be common to everyone.
Martin Amis, The Rachel Papers|Impartially, shrewdly, I considered suicide, though not in my worst moments. The bottle of pills. The note: 'No hard feelings, everyone, but I've thought about it and it's just not on, is it? It's nearly on, but not quite. No? Anyway, all the best, C.
Noël Coward, The Complete Verse of Noël Coward|An echo from the past when, innocentWe looked upon the present with delightAnd doubted not the future would be kinderAnd never knew the loneliness of night.
Dan Brown, The Da Vinci Code|History is always written by the winners. When two cultures clash, the loser is obliterated, and the winner writes the history books-books which glorify their own cause and disparage the conquered foe. As Napoleon once said, 'What is history, but a fable agreed upon?
Mehmet Murat ildan|If a person is intelligent, then of course he is either an agnostic or an atheist. Just as he is a physical coward. They are automatic definitions of high intelligence.
Denny B. Reese, The Broken Court|She wasn’t looking at herself in the glass, but out at a great silver moon hanging beyond a thin metal balcony that looked over the grey towers of a human city.
Wendy Leone Cretten, My Secret Revealed|Somedays I ask myself why do I spend hours in the gym, then I look in the mirror and think "Damn I look good!
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We will be judged according to the secret motives and the character of our work. If we have done our work for selfish motives or personal gain, even if the results looked noble to our friends and family, God knows our hearts.
indonesia123|Whatever we have in the glory of man is "away". Those are just not enough before we go "home" to the glory of God.
Matthew Hedstrom, The Rise of Liberal Religion: Book Culture and American Spirituality in the Twentieth Century|The most critical of these new religious developments for twentieth-century religious liberalism were a renewed and transformed emphasis on mystical practice and experience, the healing ministry known as mind cure, and the rise of modern psychology. These three interrelated spiritual innovations spread as significant components of popular religion in large part through the mass print media. Rather than religious movements dependent on revivalism or church life, these were first and foremost discourses, creatures of the printed word. Initially explored only by an avant-garde of liberal intellectuals late in the nineteenth century, the new books and ideas emerging at the margins of liberal Protestantism eventually reached a nation-wide middle-class audience. The mass media unleashed by nineteenth-century evangelicalism enabled the alternative spiritualities of the twentieth century to flourish, especially with the rise of religious middlebrow culture in the decades after World War I.
Zadie Smith, On Beauty|- You look fine. - Right. I look fine. Except I don't, said Zora, tugging sadly at her man's nightshirt. This was why Kiki had dreaded having girls: she knew she wouldn't be able to protect them from self-disgust. 
Tama Janowitz|My doctor gave me six months to live, but when I couldn't pay the bill he gave me six months more.
Susan Beth Pfeffer, Life As We Knew It|We're not freaks, Tally. We're normal. We may not be gorgeous, but at least we're not hyped-up Barbie dolls.
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Wherever You Go, There You Are: Mindfulness Meditation in Everyday Life|Awareness is not the same as thought. It lies beyond thinking, although it makes use of thinking, honoring its value and its power. Awareness is more like a vessel which can hold and contain our thinking, helping us to see and know our thoughts as thoughts rather than getting caught up in them in reality.
Jon Oringer|I didn't know anybody in show business, and I never thought it was the path I'd go down. I was hoping it was sports, like so many kids.
Dalai Lama XIV, The Art of Happiness|It's time to kick ass and chew bubblegum! We made it to Hollywood, time to give these aliens the golden boot!" - Angel from the Thousand Years War
René Dubos, Louis Pasteur: Free Lance of Science|It is often by a trivial, even an anecdotal decision, that we direct our activities into a certain channel, and thus determine which of the potential expressions of our individuality become manifest. Usually we know nothing of the ultimate orientation or of the outlet toward which we travel, and the stream sweeps us to a formula of life from which there is no returning. Every decision is like a murder, and our march forward is over the stillborn bodies of all our possible selves that will never be.
Cora Carmack, Roar|Blind belief is a comfort; it is the frame that puts the rest of the world into context. It allows us to block out the things that don’t make sense, that which frightens us. It narrows our vision so that the world does not feel so large. Would it comfort you to have the frame of superstition? To believe that if you say the right words and sacrifice the right things, then your world will stay exactly as it is? Or do you wish to choose what you believe, what you trust and understand?
B. J. Daniels|My readers and my audiences have turned into my followers. They are more than interested in what I have to say in the subjects of sales, loyalty, attitude, networking, business social media, and becoming a trusted advisor.
W. Somerset Maugham|I walked with my eyes on the path, but out of the corners of them I saw a man hiding behind an olive tree. He did not move as we approached, but I fell that he was watching us. As soon as we had passed I heard a scamper. Wilson, like a hunted animal, had made for safely. That was the last I ever saw of him. He died last year. He had endured that life for six years. He was found one morning on the mountainside lying quite peacefully as though he had died in his sleep. From where he lay he had been able to see those two great rocks called the Faraglioni which stand out of the sea. It was full moon and he must have gone to see them by moonlight. Perhaps he died of the beauty of that sight...---The Lotus Eater
Robert Kiyosaki|My favorite thing in the world is a quiz show, 'University Challenge,' so you can see what kind of sad person I am.
Debasish Mridha|Photographs are the reflection of untold stories, unseen beauties, unexpressed emotions, and the unheard songs of life.
Vladimir Nabokov, Speak, Memory|The kind of poem I produced in those days was hardly anything more than a sign I made of being alive, of passing or having passed, or hoping to pass, through certain intense human emotions. It was a phenomenon of orientation rather than of art, thus comparable to stripes of paint on a roadside rock or to a pillared heap of stones marking a mountain trail. But then, in a sense, all poetry is positional: to try to express one's position in regard to the universe embraced by consciousness, is an immemorial urge. Tentacles, not wings, are Apollo's natural members. Vivian Bloodmark, a philosophical friend of mine, in later years, used to say that while the scientist sees everything that happens in one point of space, the poet feels everything that happens in one point of time.
Dwain K. White Sr., Every Woman's Dream|For a woman to deny the necessity of true love in her life would be to deny herself, and her creator.
Amanda Grace, But I Love Him|I wanted to be his life preserver, the thing that would keep him afloat. Instead, he became my anchor. And I’m tired of drowning.
M.F. Moonzajer|Just give us until Rome.” The tears escaped. “Just give us until Rome, Melanie.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|If I held a revolver to your head, James, and pulled the trigger, would it really matter if I did not know that there were not bullets in the chambers?
Martin Luther King Jr.|In some stories, it's easy. The moral of "The Three Bears," for instance, is "Never break into someone else's house." The moral of "Snow White" is "Never eat apples." The moral of World War One is "Never assassinate Archduke Ferdinand.
Siobhan Davis, True Calling|I work my way through the rest of my dates, but I'm only there in body. The boys usually give up after the first hour; it's difficult to have a conversation all by yourself. My ratings plummet, but at least my air-time is minimal now, I'm not offering much in the way of entertainment these days.
Rutherford B. Hayes|Our school education ignores, in a thousand ways, the rules of healthy development.
Emeril Lagasse|I used to lie between cool, clean sheets at night after I'd had a bath, after I had washed my hair and scrubbed my knuckles and finger-nails and teeth. Then I could lie quite still in the dark with my face to the window with the trees in it, and talk to God.
Lady Gaga|I think the most exciting thing is that you expect people our age to know the music, but actually a lot of kids know the music, and if anything is left, we have left really good music, and that's the important part, not the mop-tops or whatever.
Ted Strickland|When I was a kid, I took 'The Brady Bunch' and 'The Partridge Family' very seriously. It was a world to me in the same way that the Greek myths would have been had I read them. You know, Marcia is Athena and Mr. Brady is Zeus.
Nitin Kumar|I've always said "Writer's Block" is a myth. There is no such thing as writer's block, only writers trying to force something that isn't ready yet. Sometimes I don't write for weeks. And then all of the sudden I'll get a rush of inspiration and you can't drag me away from my notebook. But I don't stress out if I don't hit some arbitrary word count each day or if I go a few days without writing something.
Billie Jean King|More than one-third of Mexicans in the United States own property in Mexico, nearly 80 percent send money home and 25 percent have a spouse in Mexico. Assimilation and becoming an American citizen are not the objective for many of them.
John Steinbeck, The Acts of King Arthur and His Noble Knights|I was recalling that other world in which it had thrilled me, in a way, the surprise of thinking that I could be a person who would betray Daniel. Now I wondered if Daniel could surprise himself, could surprise me, by being such a person too. Would he let himself do such a thing? I didn’t think so. And then I wondered: Is it by will, then, that we are who we are? Do we decide, do we make ourselves, after a certain point in life?I tried to call up the moment when I had decided I could be such a person. It seemed to me I hadn’t quite got there, not really. That I was still just playing with the idea of it when the ground shifted under me. But perhaps to play with such an idea was already to be a certain kind of person.
Sōseki Natsume|Over the wintry forest, winds howl in rage with no leaves to blow.
Christina Engela, Demonspawn|As a human rights activist it is concerning to me that those committing atrocities against vulnerable people view these atrocities as 'progress', and assert with pride and conviction that they are 'Christians' and that they are doing 'God's will'.
Terry Tempest Williams, When Women Were Birds: Fifty-four Variations on Voice|To be read. To be heard. To be seen. I want to be read, I want to be heard. I don't need to be seen. To write requires an ego, a belief that what you say matters. Writing also requires an aching curiosity leading you to discover, uncover, what is gnawing at your bones. Words have a weight to them. How you choose to present them and to whom is a matter of style and choice.
Elle A. Rose, Broken Rules|He made my mom call and tell Maureen I wouldn't be in to see her anymore. He said therapy is a waste of money. He also told her to upgrade the cable service and to order him a subscription to Military History magazine. The he went and bought a new fishing pole for Matt, who is dead.
Lalah Delia|Just becauseyou feel lostdoesn't meanthat you are.Sometimes youjust have to relax,breathe deep,and trust the pathyou're on.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|The girl's life had been squandered in the streets, and among the most noisome of the stews and dens of London, but there was something of the woman's original nature left in her still; and when she heard a light step approaching the door opposite to that by which she had entered, and thought of the wide contrast which the small room would in another moment contain, she felt burdened with the sense of her own deep shame: and shrunk as though she could scarcely bear the presence of her with whom she had sought this interview.
Arthur C. Clarke, 2001: A Space Odyssey|This is only a work of fiction , The Truth as always will be far stranger
Don Norman|By shaping the menus we pick from, technology hijacks the way we perceive our choices and replaces them with new ones. But the closer we pay attention to the options we’re given, the more we’ll notice when they don’t actually align with our true needs.
Edward Zwick|I love getting to bounce around and explore so much. I love Scandinavia. I love Spain. It's so mystical and romantic, yet it's gritty.
Max McKeown, The Innovation Book: How to Manage Ideas and Execution for Outstanding Results|If there are no new ideas, there is no innovation. And if there is no creativity, there are no new ideas.
James Baldwin|But the conquest of the physical world is not man’s only duty. He is also enjoined to conquer the great wilderness of himself. The precise role of the artist, then, is to illuminate that darkness, blaze roads through that vast forest, so that we will not, in all our doing, lose sight of its purpose, which is, after all, to make the world a more human dwelling place.
Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings|If life is a poem, be the poet. If life is a story, be the author. If life is an adventure, be the hero. To live any other way is a waste of this experience we call life.
Jack Kerouac, Big Sur|Next time, can you ask him to bring cookies? I don't like to put up with that level of insane unless there's some kind of high-calorie compensation.
Zaeema J. Hussain, The Sky Is Purple|We thought everything would be forgotten, but I still remember yourclaws running down my back.I wonder if you still think about us,the way I do.How our legs would crash into each other in the middle of the night, and how we endedup creating the moon in the confines of our beds.
Kamil Ali, Profound Vers-A-Tales|Dear Little Children, don't ever give up on your dreams.
Patricia Highsmith, Strangers on a Train|The taste of Scotch, though Guy didn’t much care for it, was pleasant because it reminded him of Anne. She drank Scotch, when she drank. It was like her, golden, full of light, made with careful art.
Nuno Roque|I love the idea of reincarnation, so just in case it doesn't exist, I decided to be different people in the same lifetime.
Edward Albert|What I want to be is an actor, not a star.
Benjamin Breckinridge Warfield|There may be a theology without the Scriptures — a theology of nature, gathered by painful, and slow, and sometimes doubtful processes from what man sees around him in external nature and the course of history, and what he sees within him of nature and of grace. In like manner there may be and has been an astronomy of nature, gathered by man in his natural state without help from aught but his naked eyes, as he watched in the fields by night. But what is this astronomy of nature to the astronomy that has become possible through the wonderful appliances of our observatories? The Word of God is to theology as, but vastly more than, these instruments are to astronomy. It is the instrument which so far increases the possibilities of the science as to revolutionize it and to place it upon a height from which it can never more descend. What would be thought of the deluded man, who, discarding the new methods of research, should insist on acquiring all the astronomy which he would admit, from the unaided observation of his own myopic and astigmatic eyes? Much more deluded is he who, neglecting the instrument of God’s Word written, would confine his admissions of theological truth to what he could discover from the broken lights that play upon external nature, and the faint gleams of a dying or even a slowly reviving light, which arise in his own sinful soul. Ah, no! The telescope first made a real science of astronomy possible: and the Scriptures form the only sufficing source of theology.
Garrison Keillor|And then I stand in front of God's Throne squinting up at His blazing glory and He says, 'You had your opportunities, boy. But did you listen? No. You went on heedlesly reading that garbagey magazine with pictures of naked girls in it. How juvenile! I gave geese more sense than that.'Please, God. I'm only fourteen years old. A teenager. Have mercy. Be loving.I was,' says God. 'For eons. And look at what it got me. You.'God turns in disgust, just the way Daddy does. 'Sorry, but I'm the Creator. I take it personally. There are slugs and bugs and night-crawlers I feel better about having created - I mean, there are sparrows - I've got my eye on one right now. Is that sparrow consumed with lust? No. He mates in the spring and that's the end of it. Consider the lilies. Do they think about lily tits all the time? No. They look not and they lust not, and yet I say unto you that you will never be half as attractive as they. Therefore, I say unto you, think not about peckers and boobs and all that nonsense and your Heavenly Father will see that you meet a good woman and marry her, just as I do for the sparrow and walleye - yea verily, even the night-crawler and the eelpout. But I've told you this over and over for nineteen centuries. And now, verily, it's too late. Time's up, buster. Lights out! Game's over!
Elaine  White, The Cellist|I remember him. Jaxton only knew I existed long enough to take the piss out of me. He certainly never liked me.” Roman sighed, giving his side of the story, though it was a slantedone. Only three people knew the real story; him, Jaxton and Ben, and it was far from the tale of bully and victim that Jaxton kept telling people.“Yeah, that's what he said,” Thayer agreed, with a laugh.Roman wasn't even surprised. Disappointed, but never surprised.
Muriel Spark|Heaven be thanked, we live in such an age when no man dies for love except upon the stage.
James Redfield, The Celestine Prophecy: A Pocket Guide to the Nine Insights|I don't think that anything happens by coincidence... No one is here by accident... Everyone who crosses our path has a message for us. Otherwise they would have taken another path, or left earlier or later. The fact that these people are here means that they are here for some reason"...
Kangana Ranaut|Man seems to be the only animal whose food soils him, making necessary much washing and shield-like bibs and napkins. Moles living in the earth and eating slimy worms are yet as clean as seals or fishes, whose lives are one perpetual wash.
Andrew     Miller, Dub Steps|I regret, most of all, my shrivelled heart. So focused on the numbers. On the maths of my personal equation. Can a man change his heart? Are there ways to improve the spirit of who you are? Of why you choose?
David John Griffin|Excerpt from Ursula K Le Guin's speech at National Book AwardsHard times are coming, when we’ll be wanting the voices of writers who can see alternatives to how we live now, can see through our fear-stricken society and its obsessive technologies to other ways of being, and even imagine real grounds for hope. We’ll need writers who can remember freedom – poets, visionaries – realists of a larger reality.Right now, we need writers who know the difference between production of a market commodity and the practice of an art. Developing written material to suit sales strategies in order to maximise corporate profit and advertising revenue is not the same thing as responsible book publishing or authorship.Yet I see sales departments given control over editorial. I see my own publishers, in a silly panic of ignorance and greed, charging public libraries for an e-book six or seven times more than they charge customers. We just saw a profiteer try to punish a publisher for disobedience, and writers threatened by corporate fatwa. And I see a lot of us, the producers, who write the books and make the books, accepting this – letting commodity profiteers sell us like deodorant, and tell us what to publish, what to write.Books aren’t just commodities; the profit motive is often in conflict with the aims of art. We live in capitalism, its power seems inescapable – but then, so did the divine right of kings. Any human power can be resisted and changed by human beings. Resistance and change often begin in art. Very often in our art, the art of words.I’ve had a long career as a writer, and a good one, in good company. Here at the end of it, I don’t want to watch American literature get sold down the river. We who live by writing and publishing want and should demand our fair share of the proceeds; but the name of our beautiful reward isn’t profit. Its name is freedom.
Liane Moriarty, What Alice Forgot|As seductive as it might have been to erase the grief and pain of the last ten years, it was also a lie. Young Alice was a fool. A sweet, innocent fool. Young Alice hadn't experienced ten years of living.
Agatha Christie, And Then There Were None|One little Indian left all alone, he went out and hanged himself and then there were none.
Terry Spear, SEAL Wolf In Too Deep|He pulled out a couple of mugs while she warmed up the cocoa. He chuckled and she turned to see what was funny and nearly had a heart attack.He was holding one hot pink and white mug while reading it, the other sitting on the counter: Men should be like my curtains, easy to pull and well hung.Her lips parted, she had to have turned cherry red, and she turned away quickly before she burned the cocoa. Now what? Explain that a friend had given them to her when her last boyfriend and she had parted company? Or just ignore the fact that they were drinking out of those cups while she was having hot cocoa with him and pretend she wasn’t embarrassed to the tip of her toes?He brought the mugs over. “Anything else?”“There’s a can of whipped cream in the fridge, if you want some.”“Real cream,” he said, eyeing the can. “Looks good.” He gave it to her, and he lifted the mugs.She shook up the can and pointed it at the right mug, pushed the nozzle, and the cream dripped and fizzled. Not to be thwarted, she shook it again, hoping that it wasn’t defective. And then the whipped cream swirled around with perfect ridges in a twirl on top with a cute little pointy peak. Perfect.Then she turned to the other mug, shook the can again, and pushed the nozzle. It was working great until halfway through her little mountain of whipped cream twirling to perfection, when the nozzle malfunctioned again and spewed whipped cream everywhere.In horror, she stopped what she was doing and stared at the white cream splattered all over Allan’s chest and a few that had dotted his boxer briefs. Her mouth agape, she glanced up at him.His eyes sparkled with mirth and he laughed.“Oh, oh, let me get something to wipe it up,” she said, belatedly, and set the can of whipped cream on the counter.She grabbed some paper towels and wetted them, then rushed back to wipe the mess up. He was still holding onto both hot pink mugs of cocoa. She had every intention of taking one of the mugs and letting him clean himself, but he just moved his arms apart as if to say she made the mess, she could wash it up.She thought she was going to die. Yes, he was totally hot. And yes, she’d fantasized about making love to him—since they were both unattached, and she truly liked him. But in her wildest dreams she would never have imagined making him cocoa in the middle of the night in her duplex while he stood in sexy silk briefs, not baggy, but nice and form fitting, and then she proceeded to splatter him with whipped cream. All over his tanned chest and those black briefs.
Tanu Reshma B Singh|Often times, we blame others for our frustrations and failures.In doing so,we disturb our own peace of mind and aggravate our happiness.No one can harm us. No one can keep our good from us.Let us not blame others, but look for and find the best in everyone.This will lead us to success and happiness.....
Cassandra Blizzard, A World Without Color|We can remove the veil that shrouds our understanding and made us forget who we truly are. When we understand the core self and live from the core self, the myth of separation, concepts of separation, color, religion, class, intelligence…all these fade away. We are not our color. We are not our religion. We are not our sexual preference. We are human beings. We are spiritual beings.
Kim Gordon|Please note, I am not suggesting that illicit drugs are required to break down social barriers.
Shelly Crane, Undeniably Chosen|Every day is its own infinity, every hour, its own eternity, every minute, its own forever.
Aladdin (1992)|I’ve never seen an exploding helicopter. I’ve never seen anybody go and blow somebody’s head off. So why should I make films about them? But I have seen people destroy themselves in the smallest way, I’ve seen people withdraw, I’ve seen people hide behind political ideas, behind dope, behind the sexual revolution, behind fascism, behind hypocrisy, and I’ve myself done all these things. So I can understand them. What we are saying is so gentle. It’s gentleness. We have problems, terrible problems, but our problems are human problems.
Bobby Jamieson, Sound Doctrine: How a Church Grows in the Love and Holiness of God|For now, it is enough to face the reality that it is possible, as individual Christians and also in our churches, to be doing well in many areas, and yet still miss what is perhaps the most urgent matter on the agenda of God in our generation, the task of reaching men and women everywhere with the knowledge of salvation in Jesus Christ.
Jessica Stern, Denial: A Memoir of Terror|Other flowers came at the end of the summer, but by then the winter sadness had already dissipated, and the effect of the blooms was not the same.
Luccini Shurod, The Painter|The intensest feeling of the beauty of a cloud lighted by the setting sun, is no hindrance to my knowing that the cloud is a vapour of water, subject to all the laws of vapours in a state of suspension; and I am just as likely to allow for, and act on, these physical laws whenever there is occasion to do so, as if I had been incapable of perceiving any distinction between beauty and ugliness.
H.G. Wells, The War of the Worlds|She begins to feel that the reality show is the university she never attended. Vicarious reality. Emotion without a value-added tax. Movement without danger. Alma finds her reality. She no longer has a reason to put herself at risk and go out into the hostile, degrading world.
|Negative minds perceive successful people as lucky individuals because they are unaware of their past struggles, challenges and obstacles. But the truth is, they are 'lucky' today because they refuse to give up on themselves.
William R. Estep, The Anabaptist Story: An Introduction to Sixteenth-Century Anabaptism|If the Anabaptists teach us anything, it is that those who fear freedom and court the governments of this world in the interest of a more moral or "Christian" state are placing their faith in a broken reed. For the Anabaptists, there is only one way, the way of the cross, for the church to become "salt, light, and leaven" in any society and in every age.
Georgette Heyer, Devil's Cub|You're a marshmallow. Soft and sweet and when you get heated up you go all gooey and delicious."-
Kamand Kojouri|The lover drinksand the cup-bearer pours.The lover thinksbut the cup-bearer knows:love begets love.Since this wine is love,then this cup is love,then this tavern is love,then this life is love.
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|The twelve jurors were all writing very busily on the slates. "What are they doing?" Alice whispered to the Gryphon. "They can't have anything to put down yet, before the trial's begun.""They're putting down their names," the Gryphon whispered in reply, "for fear they should forget them before the end of the trial.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana|When we are unable to shine that natural light within, it burns us from our very core.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|The pigs can't stop the fox; I'm too quick,' Takumi said to himself. "I can rhyme while I run; I'm that slick.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|If she is efficient and capable or ambitious, it is assumed that she has failed to find satisfaction as a normal woman, even to the extent of implying a glandular abnormality or sexual perversion.
Rita Dove|Three miles from my adopted city lies a village where I came to peace.The world there was a calm place, even the great Danube no more than a pale ribbon tossed onto the landscapeby a girl’s careless hand. Into this stillness I had been ordered to recover. The hills were gold with late summer;my rooms were two, plus a small kitchen, situated upstairs in the back of a cottage at the end of the Herrengasse. From my window I could see onto the courtyard where a linden tree twined skyward — leafy umbilicus canted toward light, warped in the very act of yearning —and I would feed on the sun as if that alone would dismantle the silence around me.At first I raged. Then music raged in me,	 rising so swiftly I could not write quickly enough to ease the roiling. I would stop to light a lamp, and whatever I’d missed — larks flying to nest, church bells, the shepherd’s home-toward-evening song — rushed in, and Iwould rage again. I am by nature a conflagration; I would rather leap than sit and be looked at.So when my proud city spread her gypsy skirts, I reentered, burning towards her greater, constant light.Call me rough, ill-tempered, slovenly— I tell you, every tenderness I have ever known has been nothing but thwarted violence, an ache so permanent and deep, the lightest touch awakens it. . . . It is impossible to care enough. I have returned with a second Symphony and 15 Piano Variationswhich I’ve named Prometheus,after the rogue Titan, the half-a-god who knew the worst sin is to take what cannot be given back.I smile and bow, and the world is loud. And though I dare not lean in to shout Can’t you see that I’m deaf? —I also cannot stop listening.
Edward John Trelawny, Adventures of a Younger Son|REFUSALWhen you refuseto tell your weightand age,people knowyou're fat and old.
Ann Bancroft|My father was a teacher, and there were teachers all around, his friends, they were working for the Government and their behaviour was within strictly limited areas.
G.A. Aiken, What a Dragon Should Know|Animals don't hate, and we're supposed to be better than them.
John Kennedy Toole, A Confederacy of Dunces|She sat in the sunshine watching the life on the street and guarding within herself, her own mystery of life.
Holly Black, The Coldest Girl in Coldtown|please,Tana,please.' -lots of characters in The Coldest Girl in Coldtown
Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh, When the Shoe Fits: Stories of the Taoist Mystic Chuang Tzu|When you stop expecting miracles, life is the miracle.
Susan RoAne|When people asked  I used to tell them how sick I was. The more I talked about being sick  the worse I got. Finally  I started saying  "I'm getting better." It took a while  but then I started to feel better  too.
Cassie Beasley|[W]hen you try too hard to hold on to something, you break it. Sometimes, we need to let go so that other people can have their chance at the magic.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|What shapes the best in us dies when the best education dies! The best in us shall always be undermined when they that are responsible for shaping the best in us are always undermined!I stand for a different education: a different education where students will not just learn books but life!I stand for a different education: a different education where students will not just learn moral principles, but they shall be living examples of moral principles.I stand for a different education: a different education where students don’t just understand what they learn, but practice what they learn with understanding!I stand for a different education: a different education where students will not just learn about people of different beliefs, culture and backgrounds, but how to live with people who don’t share common perspective with them and know how to show their emotions of bitterness and misunderstanding rightly!I stand for a different education: a different education where students will be perfect ambassadors’ of God on earth and live their daily lives with all due diligence!I stand for a different education: a different education where students will understand why we all breathe the same air, sleep and wake up each day in the same manner to continue the journey of life!I stand for a different education: a different education where students will learn with inspiration even in their desperations!I stand for a different education: a different education where teachers are seen as true epitome of education!I stand for a different education: a different education in which the value of the teacher is well understood and the teacher is well valued as a treasure!I stand for a different education: a different education where students will not just learn, but they will reproduce great and noble things with what they learn!I stand for a different education: a different education where students will understand the real meaning of integrity and responsibility and with true courage and humility be that as such!I stand for a different education: a different education where education means creativity!Education is the spine of every nation! The better the education, the better the nation! The mediocre the education, the mediocre the nation! A good nation is good because of how education has shaped the perspective and understanding of the populace! A nation that does not know where it is heading towards must ask the machine that produces the populace who drive the nation: education! Until we fix our education, we shall always have a wrong education and we shall always see a wrong nation!
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|Debarred from public worship, David was heartsick. Ease he did not seek, honour he did not covet, but the enjoyment of communion with God was an urgent need of his soul; he viewed it not merely as the sweetest of all luxuries, but as an absolute necessity, like water to a stag. Like the parched traveler in the wilderness, whose skin bottle is empty, and who finds the wells dry, he must drink or die – he must have his God or faint. His soul, his very self, his deepest life, was insatiable for a sense of the divine presence. . . . Give him his God and he is as content as the poor deer which at length slakes its thirst and is perfectly happy; but deny him his Lord, and his heart heaves, his bosom palpitates, his whole frame is convulsed, like one who gasps for breath, or pants with long running. Dear friend, dost thou know what this is, by personally having felt the same? It is a sweet bitterness. The next best thing to living in the light of the Lord’s love is to be unhappy till we have it, and to pant hourly after it – hourly, did I say? Thirst is a perpetual appetite, and not to be forgotten, and even thus continually is the heart’s longing after God. When it is as natural for us to long for God as for an animal to thirst, it is well with our souls, however painful our feelings
Lucy Monroe|Ethan: "Abstaining definitely doesn't work."Beth: "what do you suggest?"Ethan: "We're obviously going to have to make love often, but keep the encounters from getting too intense." He sounded perfectly serious, like he really believed what he was saying.
Simon Hawke, The Ambivalent Magician|Ah, adventure! Ah, romance! Ah, courtly graces and the noble gestures! Don't you wish you knew people like that? Don't you wish we could still walk around in cloaks and boots and breeches, with leather doublets and flowing white dueling shirts and swords strapped around our waists? Of course, if we did, given the way things are today, there'd be people out there lobbying for sword control, and we'd need a National Sword Association and bumper stickers that would read "Swords don't kill people, knights kill people," and there would be a five-day waiting period and background check before you could buy a rapier. We'd have drive-by lungings and people would be afraid of children carrying broadswords to school. "Milady" would be regard as a sexist term and feminists would go absolutely berserk if any woman called a man "Milord." Ralph Nader would probably get quarter horses banned because they are too small and unsafe in a collision and someone would figure out a way to put seat belts and air bags on our saddles. That's why people join the SCA and read fantasy novels, because the real world sucks.
Susan Orlean, Rin Tin Tin: The Life and the Legend|If I had a bad day, which, now that I ran my own life, was a helluva lot less than the old days, I sat on the floor with Houdini, placed a hand on his broad head, and soaked up endless doggy wonder. A full stomach, a well-chewed toy, a soft couch—through a dog’s eyes, that was a true glory that couldn’t be matched, the only heaven in existence. I missed the furball, missed him like crazy.
Bill Nye|The whole history of science has been the gradual realization that events do not happen in an arbitrary manner, but that they reflect a certain underlying order, which may or may not be divinely inspired.
Eliezer Yudkowsky|Particularly for English people, Shakespeare is always at the forefront of both drama and the English language. He's always been there. I can't remember starting school and not learning about him.
Gene Luen Yang, The Shadow Hero|Hunter was bipolar, for crying out loud. He had checked into the nut house on more than one occasion and, honestly, I was already starting to feel the anxiety of living together. I would need to get my martial arts skills up to par to deal with this lunatic. I knew that I would also need to pick up a copy of Kill Bill at my next convenience and take notes as I watched, just in case a fight happened to break out in the kitchen. Also, at night, I had decided that I would need to sleep with either a small pistol or a flamboyant hunting knife under my pillow for a quick grab, in case he skipped his meds one night and decided to kill me. I needed to be prepared for the unthinkable. 
Dean Ornish|Writing was in my mind from the time I was in high school, but more, the idea that I would be a doctor. I really wanted to be a medical doctor, and I had various schemes: one was to be a psychiatrist, another was tropical medicine.
Liya Kebede|I talk to younger actor types, and they bring up that word, 'brand,' and it's like, 'All right, if that's the way you want to look at yourself.' Diet Pepsi's a brand; you're a human being.
Terry Pratchett|If words had weight, a single sentence from Death would have anchored a ship.
Frank E. Peretti, This Present Darkness|Lucifer is the hero of the Bible, and the most misunderstood being in its narrative. He is not Satan, but the Light Bearer!
Ponlop|We must remember that the most powerful medicine we can offer for suffering of any kind is simply kindness. It says, "You're not alone. I see you; I hear you; I'm with you.
Liz Williams, Snake Agent|I'm always finding humans at their best and worst. I see their ugly and their beauty, and I wonder how the same thing can be both. Still, they have one thing I envy. Humans, if nothing else, have the good sense to die.
V.S. Naipaul|Whoso meditates on the Omniscient, the Ancient, more minute than the atom, yet the Ruler and Upholder of all, Unimaginable, Brilliant like the Sun, beyond the reach of darkness.
Ian Leslie, Curious: The Desire to Know and Why Your Future Depends On It|Only fiction has the power to cross the mental barricades, to make strangers intelligible to each other, because it moves people's hearts as well as engaging their minds.
Kusum Manjeshri|Love begins when two souls meet together. A soul attracted by another soul. They feel like bind by each other. It’s a powerful addiction. It’s truly said, first love is last love. But it does not said anywhere to stop love if you betrayed by your lover.
Edwin Moses|Yes. I'm a doctor, an epidemiologist, and lots of my professional colleagues flip back and forth between industry and medical roles. I know them; they are not bad people. But it is possible for good people in bad systems to do things that inflict enormous harm.
Dan Kieran|Travel is an evolving experience. It doesn't take place in photographs or your past... Instead it's tucked up there in your memory and when you need a bit of it, or a new perspective on something hidden within it, it will emerge into your conscious mind
Waheed Ibne Musa, Johnny Fracture|Problems, obstacles and difficulties are in themselves not a sufficient reason for a person to suffer defeat. It is possible to overcome any obstacle
Arthur Miller, The Crucible|Women dress for women, if we dressed for me, we'd all be running around naked.
Alisa Hope Wagner, Eve of Awakening|Good Morning! Good Afternoon! Good Night! These are not just mere greetings.They are powerful blessings, setting the best vibration for the day. Hence, whether it is morning, afternoon or night, make sure that you say your greeting right!
Bibiana Krall, Moon Zinc|I wondered for a moment if he was trying to get me to join a cult, but I realized it was just his youth talking, not a dogma.
Lynn Coady|The struggle of my life created empathy - I could relate to pain, being abandoned, having people not love me.
Elizabeth Jarrett Andrew, On The Threshold: Home, Hardwood, and Holiness|The point, I decided, wasn't to have the autobiography or even the memories. The point was who I became when I wrote.
Lauren Willig, The Lure of the Moonflower|If a man took a lover it would be accounted commonplace. Why shouldn't you? Your virtue lies in your mind, not in what lies between your legs.
Terry Spear, The Vampire...In My Dreams|Go ahead and try. I'll attempt to loosen up. 	Her muscles tightened when I took her hand in mine. 	"Do you know any self-hypnosis?"	"I guess I'm tensing too much." She took several deep calming breaths then tensed her muscles and relaxed them, repeating the steps several times. The pulse in her wrist slowed to normal. 	I nodded, grateful that Marissa was such a treasure despite my initial concern she might be more like the teen witch that had turned me into a frog.
Cherie Priest|This is the part in the movie where that guy says, "Zombies? What zombies?" just before they eat his brains. I don't want to be that guy.
Doris Kearns Goodwin, No Ordinary Time: Franklin and Eleanor Roosevelt: The Home Front in World War II|Under the absolute sway of an individual despot the body was attacked in order to subdue the soul, and the soul escaped the blows which were directed against it and rose superior to the attempt; but such is not the course adopted by tyranny in democratic republics; there the body is left free, and the soul is enslaved.
C.L. Wilson, Lady of Light and Shadows|Oh, Ellie, you look beautiful. Like a Fey-tale princess.
Lewis Thomas|The EU is not a country and it's not going to become a country, in my view, now or ever in the future. It is a group of countries working together.
Abdul Mueed|In hours of bliss we oft have met:They could not always last;And though the present I regret,I'm grateful for the past.
Max Brooks, World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War|Today is hard but who cares, by each hard day we are making stair for us.
Dr.T.V.Rao MD|You can't be happy, you was prank again and again and you was just in a trap nothing else. That wasn't him, even this and that guy. You just killed the witnesses and few cops!
Rajesh Walecha|Imagine reality,reality will imagine you.
Debasish Mridha|To go somewhere, start going.
Vanilla Ice|Perhaps it should be obvious: Adultery is a social threat that arouses raw anger and fear, which the bellicose then need to discharge rather than merely feel, traditionally on the philandering wife or the female home-wrecker.
Mensah Oteh|You have to master the art of selectivity in everything you do. Otherwise, you could be side-tracked by secondary events and opportunities.
Shahida Arabi, Becoming the Narcissist's Nightmare: How to Devalue and Discard the Narcissist While Supplying Yourself|Treating Abuse Today 3(4) pp. 26-33TAT: No. I don't know anymore than you know they're not. But, I'm talking about boundaries and privacy here. As a therapist working with survivors, I have been harassed by people who claim to be affiliated with the false memory movement. Parents and other family members have called or written me insisting on talking with me about my patients' cases, despite my clearly indicating I can't because of professional confidentiality. I have had other parents and family members investigate me -- look into my professional background -- hoping to find something to discredit me to the patients I was seeing at the time because they disputed their memories. This isn't the kind of sober, scientific discourse you all claim you want.
Brian Andreas, Story People: Selected Stories & Drawings of Brian Andreas|I read once that the ancient Egyptians had fifty words for sand & the Eskimos had a hundred words for snow. I wish I had a thousand words for love, but all that comes to mind is the way you move against me while you sleep & there are no words for that.
Susanna Kearsley, A Desperate Fortune|Watching him walk off was very nearly as absorbing as observing his approach. He walked as all men ought to walk, with a decided swagger to his shoulders.
Stephen Richards, Think Your way to Success: Let Your Dreams Run Free|When you concentrate your energy purposely on the future possibility that you aspire to realize, your energy is passed on to it and makes it attracted to you with a force stronger than the one you directed towards it.
Rosa Luxemburg|Tolerance or intolerance can be attributed as the single most important factor in understanding the psychology of any society, viz. a viz., its attitude towards peace, progress and growth. Author (One Vs All: Beware Mr.Prime Minister, It's India Impossible)
Joe Brooks|You…you need to move on,” I managed. Yes, that was a sound reason. “You need to find someone else. You know I don’t—that I can’t. Well, you know. You’re wasting your time with me.”He remained firm. “It’s my time to waste.
T.A|People don't buy Moet & Dom because they love the taste, the buy it because they need "Livin' Large" photo on Facebook!
Epictetus|Men are not afraid of things, but of how they view them.
Santosh Kalwar|I am very close to HIM, sometimes I think I am HIM, with my mood is the weather,bright and sunny forever.
Walt Shiel|There is no bombast, no similes, flowers, digressions, or unnecessary descriptions. Everything tends directly to the catastrophe.
Robert Hopcke|Don't be sad because i'm dying, be happy because very second another great human being is born, another great person who gets the chance to do better things than i did.
Jack Gilbert, Refusing Heaven|We must risk delight. We can do without pleasure,but not delight. Not enjoyment. We must havethe stubbornness to accept our gladness in the ruthlessfurnace of this world. To make injustice the onlymeasure of our attention is to praise the Devil.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|LOVE IS A FLOWERTreat your relationshipAs if you are growingThe most beautiful sacred flower.Keep watering it,Tend to the roots,And always make sureThe petals are full of colorAnd are never curling.Once you neglect your plant,It will die,As will your relationship.
Vironika Tugaleva|What if no one is coming to discover your hidden talents, to acknowledge your untapped potential, to heal you, to save you from yourself? What if the saviour was always supposed to be you? What if that’s why it hasn’t worked out with anyone else?
Robert Browning|We first fought... in the name of religion, then Communism, and now in the name of drugs and terrorism. Our excuses for global domination always change.
Sunday Adelaja|As you grow older, you become faced with the problem of what to with your time
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|Can I be blamed for wanting a real body, to put my arms around? Without it I too am disembodied. I can listen to my own heartbeat against the bedsprings...but there’s something dead about it, something deserted.
Aristophanes, Lysistrata|[Y]ou [man] are fool enough, it seems, to dare to war with [woman=] me, when for your faithful ally you might win me easily.
Walt Whitman|Song of myselfWith music strong I come, with my cornets and my drums, I play not marches for accepted victors only, I play marches for conquer'd and slain persons. Have you heard that it was good to gain the day? I also say it is good to fall, battles are lost in the same spirit in which they are won. I beat and pound for the dead, I blow through my embouchures my loudest and gayest for them. Vivas to those who have fail'd! And to those whose war-vessels sank in the sea! And to those themselves who sank in the sea! And to all generals that lost engagements, and all overcome heroes! And the numberless unknown heroes equal to the greatest heroes known!
Marlon Roxas|YOU CAN TRUST YOUR LOVE ONE, BUT NOT EVERYONE AROUND THEM.
Sarah Waters|The secret of wisdom is to be overly curious, like a cat--to take the time to look closely, to use all your senses to see and to touch and to taste and to smell and to hear, and to die because you were overly curious. To keep on wondering...about the afterlife. That is our only mission. Only one. If we don’t wonder, then we will never, ever be curious. Then, if like the cat, you wondered too far...you simply no longer will have to ever wonder again. Your mission will be fulfilled. All because of curiosity.--from The Wise-ass Man who butchered Eve Merriam’s wisdom...and Her Secret
Debasish Mridha|Where there is love, there is abundance.
Tom Stoppard|I try to make the readers feel they've lived the events of the book. Just as you grieve if a friend is killed, you should grieve if a fictional character is killed. You should care. If somebody dies and you just go get more popcorn, it's a superficial experience isn't it?
Lailah Gifty Akita|If a man is good, he is good to himself.
Darynda Jones|ALWAYS hook a reader. If a detail is unnecessary, it doesn't belong in your work, long or short! Make everything intriguing. If you have to describe a desk, make it awesome.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|When we all part from this life and gather on the other side, the only thing each of us will have to share is his own story.
Bret Easton Ellis, Lunar Park|I had dreamed of something so different from what reality was now offering up, but that dream had been a blind man's vision. That dream was a miracle. The morning was fading. And I remembered yet again that I was a tourist here.
Simon R. Green, The Unnatural Inquirer|It's hard to maintain a reputation for being grim and mysterious when you're accompanied by a brightly clad young thing, skipping merrily along at your side, holding your hand, and smiling sweetly on one and all.
Sheri S. Tepper, The Gate to Women's Country|HECUBA: I had a knife in my skirt, Achilles. When Talthybius bent over me, I could have killed him. I wanted to. I had the knife just for that reason. Yet, at the last minute I thought, he's some mother's son just as Hector was, and aren't we women all sisters? If I killed him, I thought, wouldn't It be like killing family?Wouldn't it be making some other mother grieve? So I didn't kill him, but if I had, I might have saved Hector's child. Dead or damned, that's the choice we make. Either you men kill us and are honored for it, or we women kill you and are damned for it. Dead or damned. Women don't have to make choices like that in Hades. There is no love there, nothing to betray.
Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose|Energy doesn't communicate in English, French, Chinese or Swahili, but it does speak clearly
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|Before I go," he said, and paused -- "I may kiss her?"It was remembered afterwards that when he bent down and touched her face with his lips, he murmured some words. The child, who was nearest to him, told them afterwards, and told her grandchildren when she was a handsome old lady, that she heard him say, "A life you love.
Aimee Bender, Willful Creatures|No one needed to say it, but the room overflowed with that sort of blessing. The combination of loss and abundance. The abundance that has no guilt. The loss that has no fix. The simple tiredness that is not weary. The hope not built on blindness.
Frank Lloyd Wright|It's not new that architecture can profoundly affect a place, sometimes transform it. Architecture and any art can transform a person, even save someone.
William Faulkner, Soldiers' Pay|And George Farr had the town, the earth, the world to himself and his sorrow. Music came faint as a troubling rumor beneath the spring night, sweetened by distance: a longing knowing no ease. (Oh God, oh God!) At last George Farr gave up trying to see her. He had 'phoned vainly and time after time, at last the telephone became the end in place of the means: he had forgotten why he wanted to reach her. Finally he told himself that he hated her, that he would go away; finally he was going to as much pains to avoid her as he had been to see her. So he slunk about the streets like a criminal, avoiding her, feeling his his very heart stop when he did occasionally see her unmistakable body from a distance. And at night he lay sleepless and writhing to think of her, then to rise and don a few garments and walk past her darkened house, gazing in slow misery at the room in which he knew she lay, soft and warm, in intimate slumber, then to return to home and bed to dream of her brokenly.
Michael Vito Tosto, Portrait of an Infidel: The Acerbic Account of How a Passionate Christian Became an Ardent Atheist|The true nature of the Christian’s bondage is this: faith commands his every move, his every thought, and his every inclination. Moreover, because faith is tenacious by nature, and because it comes with this attendant stigma that angering God is unwise, the Christian is tempted—no, compelled to err on the side of his faith even in the face of overwhelming evidence that proves the contrary.
Andrew Holleran, Dancer from the Dance|I have sometimes thought there could not be a stronger testimony in favor of religion or against temporal enjoyments even the most rational and manly than for men who occupy the most honorable and gainful departments and are rising in reputation and wealth, publically to declare their unsatisfactoriness by becoming fervent advocates in the cause of Christ, and I wish you may give in your evidence in this way. Such instances have seldom occurred; therefore, they would be more striking and would be instead of a 'cloud of witnesses.
Harold Rosenberg|cease to regard the canvas as a surface on which to paint a picture, but instead as a surface on which to record an event
Patrick Somerville, The Universe in Miniature in Miniature|Time is a place where most of the relationships get lost. And, the ugliest part is that there are no lost and found boxes. There is no hope that you might get it back.
Sanjo Jendayi|Loving self and others is an every second of every day of every week, of every month, of every year gift that should not be taken for granted or withdrawn for petty arguments and misunderstandings. No one knows the day nor the hour that we or a loved one will meet our expiration here on this earth. Time to make time to heal, amend and/or forgive broken relationships, to live your dreams without regret and love like there is no tomorrow for when tomorrow is no longer there...memories will be great and consciences will be clear.
John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom|There is the solitude of suffering, when you go through darkness that is lonely, intense, and terrible. Words become powerless to express your pain; what others hear from your words is so distant and different from what you are actually suffering.
Anita Shreve, The Weight of Water|Growing up is made up of a million small moments in time, and one of the most painful is the moment you're severed from the whole, when you realise that your parent is complicated, and fallible and human.
Shannon L. Alder|After supper they saw Kaluka to the boardwalk, and then strolled back along the beach to Asbury. The evening sea was a new sensation, for all its color and mellow age was gone, and it seemed the bleak waste that made the Norse sagas sad.
Mehmet Murat ildan, William Shakespeare|Like a butcher without a knife, a knight without a sword, and a farrier without a hammer, you cannot have a town without rules; if there were a town like that, a great big anarchy would reign there, just as in the realm of animals!
Amitav Chowdhury|Are you all right?" The question surprised Jess, and it broke through his black shell enough to make him throw a look at his friend. "No." I didn't think you were. Everyone wants you to be. That must be worse, that they think you should be fine.
Arven-TheWolfmyinnerSoul|All these things and, still more than these, the treasures which had come to the church from personages who to me were almost legendary figures (such as the golden cross wrought, it was said, by Saint Eloi and presented by Dagobert, and the tomb of the sons of Louis the Germanic in porphyry and enamelled copper), because of which I used to go forward into the church when we were making our way to our chairs as into a fairy-haunted valley, where the rustic sees with amazement on a rock, a tree, a marsh, the tangible proofs of the little people’s supernatural passage — all these things made of the church for me something entirely different from the rest of the town; a building which occupied, so to speak, four dimensions of space — the name of the fourth being Time — which had sailed the centuries with that old nave, where bay after bay, chapel after chapel, seemed to stretch across and hold down and conquer not merely a few yards of soil, but each successive epoch from which the whole building had emerged triumphant, hiding the rugged barbarities of the eleventh century in the thickness of its walls, through which nothing could be seen of the heavy arches, long stopped and blinded with coarse blocks of ashlar, except where, near the porch, a deep groove was furrowed into one wall by the tower-stair; and even there the barbarity was veiled by the graceful gothic arcade which pressed coquettishly upon it, like a row of grown-up sisters who, to hide him from the eyes of strangers, arrange themselves smilingly in front of a countrified, unmannerly and ill-dressed younger brother; rearing into the sky above the Square a tower which had looked down upon Saint Louis, and seemed to behold him still; and thrusting down with its crypt into the blackness of a Merovingian night, through which, guiding us with groping finger-tips beneath the shadowy vault, ribbed strongly as an immense bat’s wing of stone, Théodore or his sister would light up for us with a candle the tomb of Sigebert’s little daughter, in which a deep hole, like the bed of a fossil, had been bored, or so it was said, “by a crystal lamp which, on the night when the Frankish princess was murdered, had left, of its own accord, the golden chains by which it was suspended where the apse is to-day and with neither the crystal broken nor the light extinguished had buried itself in the stone, through which it had gently forced its way.
H.S. Cross|But that alteration, catastrophic though it was, had long been absorbed into the water table; the unspeakable day still flooded the downs. He wasn't the type to convince himself that facts were not facts, but he needed to stop living intolerable spans again. Surely it was enough to have lived them once.
Dionne Warwick|All of our great traditions, religious, contemplative and artistic, say that you must a learn how to be alone - and have a relationship with silence. It is difficult, but it can start with just the tiniest quiet moment.
Janet Taylor Lisle, Afternoon of the Elves|Even without being believed, magic can change things. It moves invisibly through the air, dissolving the usual ways of seeing, allowing new ways to creep in, secretly, quietly, like a stray cat sliding thought the bushes.
Don Miguel Ruiz|A rusty nail placed near a faithful compass, will sway it from the truth, and wreck the argosy.
Anthony Liccione|Be open in everything with your partner, because where there is secrecy, it can mistakenly come off as being sneaky; where you just may be innocently quiet.
Idries Shah, The Way of the Sufi|Darwin struggled for a very long time with the problem of evolution being wrong but finally came up with the answer: it's all the fault of the females. . . The females aren't crazy at all. If a female sees a magnificent work of art, she knows she's dealing with an experienced male - a male who's good at surviving and who has enough time to spare to create a beautiful work of art. He's got to be a strong and healthy male, the kind of male you'd want to father your children.
Walter M. Schirra, Sr.|This is what I know. I look like my father. My father disappeared when he was seventeen years old. Hannah once told me that there is something unnatural about being older than your father ever got to be. When you can say that at the age of seventeen, it's a different kind of devastating.
Amine A. Ayad|Freedom and love go together. Love is not a reaction. To love is not to ask anything in return, not even to feel that you are giving something, and it is only such love that can know freedom.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|As for me, I was just trying to get it right, whatever that means. But now I finally felt I was on my way. Everyone had a forever, but given a choice, this would be mine. The one that began in this moment, with Wes, in a kiss that took my breath away, then gave it back - leaving meastounded, amazed and most of all, alive.
Sandra Chami Kassis|Reality Sucks, I want my dreams back.
Marcy Sheiner|Then the small man suddenly ran after them and said:"I want to get my haircut. I say, do you know a little shop anywhere where they cut hair properly? I keep on having my hair cut, but it keeps on growing again."One of the tall men looked at him with the air of a pained naturalist.
Krystal Sutherland, Our Chemical Hearts|Are you telling me that vampires and werewolves are the reason America won the Revolutionary War?,” I asked, dumbfounded.
pooja bagul|i ll always love yo till the core ,
John Allyn, The 47 Ronin Story|Flying might not be all plain sailing, but the fun of it is worth the price.
Robin Williams|Give a little love to a child, and you get a great deal back.
|If you are always taking the right actions that your goals demand, it would almost be impossible to ever experience a stagnant state of existence.
Jamie Cullum|That's the sign of a good relationship, when you can pick up a phone and it doesn't matter when the last time you spoke was.
Michael Moore|It is better to suffer wrong than to do it, and happier to be sometimes cheated than not to trust.
Joseph Brodsky|She kept saying, "My husband will be back soon. He went for help. He'll be back." But that's the kind of lie people tell sometimes when they got only strangers to rely on. There's shame in that, so people lie.
Nick Hornby, Juliet, Naked|Experience, then, was something that enabled you to do nothing with a clear conscience. Experience was an overrated quality.
C.S. Lewis, The Great Divorce|And yet all loneliness, angers, hatreds, envies, and itchings that (Hell) contains, if rolled into one single experience and put into the scale against the least moment of the joy that is felt by the least in Heaven, would have no weight that could be registered at all. Bad cannot succeed even in being bad as truly as good is good.
Athol Fugard|No one is good but God alone. What is good is therefore divine, what is divine is therefore good.
Ryan Lilly|Imagine our imaginations were limited only to the limitless. Still, it wouldn't matter without a motivation to move.
Sophie Hannah|I have never written a book about my life, despite being offered purses of gold. I made 'Boxes' because I wanted to make a sincere depiction of a daughter who has lost her father, or the jealousy one can feel towards a daughter who has become more beautiful than you and whose stepfather starts to take her shopping.
Ahmet Adam Asar|On the road to success there are determination, real hard work, perseverance and challenges to tackle.
Nancy Jo Sales, The Bling Ring: How a Gang of Fame-Obsessed Teens Ripped Off Hollywood and Shocked the World|The mere observation that something is popular, or even that it became so rapidly, is not sufficient to establish that it spread in a manner that resembles a virus. Popularity on the internet is driven by the size of the largest broadcast. Digital blockbusters are not about a million one-to-one moments as much as they are about a few one-to-one-million moments.
C.S. Pacat, Captive Prince: Volume Two|To get what you want, you have to know exactly how much you are willing to give up.
Hanns Heinz Ewers, Nachtmahr: Strange Tales|Wednesday, March 23 I know now that I love Clarimonda. That she has entered into the very fiber of my being. It may be that the loves of other men are different. But does there exist one head, one ear, one hand that is exactly like hundreds of millions of others? There are always differences, and it must be so with love. My love is strange, I know that, but is it any the less lovely because of that? Besides, my love makes me happy.If only I were not so frightened. Sometimes my terror slumbers and I forget it for a few moments, then it wakes and does not leave me. The fear is like a poor mouse trying to escape the grip of a powerful serpent. Just wait a bit, poor sad terror. Very soon, the serpent love will devour you."The Spider
Dave Thompson, Red Hot Chili Peppers: By the Way: The Biography|We live in a world packed with desensitising forces, that strip the world of magic. The world is full of negativity, but we fight back with positivity. We're inspired by oceans, forests, animals, Marx Brothers films. We can't help but project uplifting vibrations, because we love each other so much and get off on playing together.
Mary Barra|Instead of serving special interests, Congress should focus on the big picture. Globalization and technology have completely reshaped our economy in recent decades, and if we don't respond, we're putting the future of the middle class at risk.
Philip Plait, Death from the Skies!: These Are the Ways the World Will End...|If you exist tomorrow as you do today, that is a miracle! It means that thousands of bad things which may happen did not happen and you are still alive! Existence is always a miracle in this universe of chaos!
David Brooks, The Social Animal: The Hidden Sources of Love, Character, and Achievement|Women, in general, are less visually aroused than men, a trait that has nearly cut the market for pornography in half.
Lily Aldridge|I'm blessed to come from a family with five brothers. We're all physical and athletic and like to work out, like to be outside, like to throw the ball around. We spent our entire childhoods on some kind of corner or in a field. We still do a Turkey Bowl every Thanksgiving. It gets competitive, man. Bloody.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|You must first move from mediocrity to relevance in the realm of your dream, before it can translate into a driving passion that fuels your success. There are no impossibilities in a dream, there are no figures that are too big or obstacles that are unscalable, no distances too far or expertise considered too small – there is unlimited possibility in a dream. Your dream must be bigger than you and inspiring enough to outlive you.
Ivanka Trump|For years, my mom dated a man who was really active in the Baptist church in the town next to the town I grew up in, and so he used to drag me to these Baptist church services that lasted forever. I remember that I didn't like the church services, but I really liked the music.
Taranpreet Singh|It’s when you start not just following a dream, but living it that your life seems no less than a heaven.
Alice Sebold, Lucky|Over the years Amy’s family has become a cascade of domestic abuse: her father beat on her brother, who grew big and furious and beat on her mother, who had no one but Amy to vent her anger on. Based on this pattern, you’d think that if there were someone in the family after Amy, that someone would do well to take karate classes, or hit the weights.
Laura Riding|Cut quarrels out of literature, and you will have very little history or drama or fiction or epic poetry left.
Mike Massimino, Spaceman: An Astronaut's Unlikely Journey to Unlock the Secrets of the Universe|The important thing in life is having a passion, something you really love doing, and you take joy in the fact that you get to wake up every day and do it.
Christina Engela, Black Sunrise|The career of J. Robert Oppenheimer, the physicist who headed the Manhattan Project, draws such questions to a focus that resembles the bead of a laser-gunsight on a victim’s breastbone. It was Oppenheimer whom the public lionized as the brains behind the bomb; who agonized about the devastation his brilliance had helped to unleash; who hoped that the very destructiveness of the new “gadget,” as the bombmakers called their invention, might make war obsolete; and whose sometime Communist fellow-traveling and opposition to the development of the hydrogen bomb — a weapon a thousand times more powerful than the bombs that incinerated Hiroshima and Nagasaki — brought about his political disgrace and downfall, which of course have marked him in the eyes of some as all the more heroic, a visionary persecuted by warmongering McCarthyite troglodytes. His legacy, of course, is far more complicated.
Jayson Engay|I am here, I will always be here. Watching you, loving you.
Suzette Vearnon|Modern man has too many masks to wear. We must unmask and be ourselves, sincerely, earnestly and live truly as we are,
Izzeldin Abuelaish, I Shall Not Hate: A Gaza Doctor's Journey on the Road to Peace and Human Dignity|The fading light is us, and we are, for a moment so brief (...) beautiful.
Sally Ride|Genome design is going to be a key part of the future. That's why we need fast, cheap, accurate DNA synthesis, so you can make a lot of iterations of something and test them.
Ruby Roth, V Is for Vegan: The ABCs of Being Kind|Aa is for animals, friends, not food. We don't eat our friends. They would find it quite rude!
D.R. Hedge, The Geri Rogue|Once a month, for one evening, we are free to wear our natural skins. We are on the outside as we are internally.
Amit Kalantri|Magic is the stunning art of surprising your audience, so that nothing else surprises them.
Timothy J. Keller, The Meaning of Marriage: Facing the Complexities of Commitment with the Wisdom of God|[Spiritual friendship] is eagerly helping one another know, serve, love, and resemble God in deeper and deeper ways.
Shaunti Feldhahn, The Life Ready Woman: Thriving in a Do-It-All World|It's so tempting to try to do it all, so as not to miss out. But to do all of those 'good things' means you'll do none of them well.
M.R. Carey, The Girl with All the Gifts|But the future is uncertain, and he can't get up enough enthusiasm even to masurbate.
Sherry Soule|Quote from MOONLIGHT MAYHEM – pg 224 “Hero Intercedes”:His hands flickered upward, and before I knew it, they were cupping my face. So, damnably fast now. Demonic-like fast. Trent reeled me closer. Our foreheads joined. He held me, while I trembled in his arms. I was vaguely aware of Evans and Maxwell watching, although it didn’t seem important. Nothing seemed important whenever he did this. It felt like we were enclosed in our own personal bubble made only for the two of us. Trent murmured something in my ear. We stood like that until my shaky legs gradually regained strength. I shut my eyes and pretended my body wasn’t sizzling with heat-lightning because Trent stood so close. My hormones always decided to rebel whenever he put his arms around me. And it wasn’t totally awkward and uncomfortable. No, it felt like the best thing I’d experienced since before Dad’s death. And that’s saying a lot.
Patti Smith, Just Kids|I preferred an artist who transformed his time, not mirrored it.
Wendy Cope, Serious Concerns|On Waterloo Bridge where we said our goodbyes,the weather conditions bring tears to my eyes.I wipe them away with a black woolly gloveAnd try not to notice I've fallen in loveOn Waterloo Bridge I am trying to think:This is nothing. you're high on the charm and the drink.But the juke-box inside me is playing a songThat says something different. And when was it wrong?On Waterloo Bridge with the wind in my hairI am tempted to skip. You're a fool. I don't care.the head does its best but the heart is the boss-I admit it before I am halfway across
Brian Andreas|I don't really like coffee, she said, but I don't really like it when my head hits my desk when I fall asleep either. 
Rex Stout, Before Midnight|She lied to me today," Archie said."A teenager?" Susan said with faux surprise. "Lying to an authority figure? Impossible.
Emanuel Steward|Ambitious failure, magnificent failure, is a very good thing.
Andrew Card|You can be this super-successful woman who's smart and effective but still feminine. When I worked in finance, I didn't always think that was possible.
Gene Luen Yang|He who has never failed somewhere, that man can not be great.
J.K. Rowling, Very Good Lives: The Fringe Benefits of Failure and the Importance of Imagination|I have one last hope for you, which is something that I already had at 21. The friends with whom I sat on graduation day have been my friends for life. They are my children’s godparents, the people to whom I’ve been able to turn in times of trouble, friends who have been kind enough not to sue me when I’ve used their names for Death Eaters. At our graduation we were bound by enormous affection, by our shared experience of a time that could never come again, and, of course, by the knowledge that we held certain photographic evidence that would be exceptionally valuable if any of us ran for Prime Minister.
Ian Hacking|The point of college is more to acquire skills than to acquire domain knowledge. One of the skills that is going to be most necessary: you have to be able to read with rigor and write with clarity. You have to be able to communicate. To make an argument, whether it's in a written piece or in front of a group of people.
Richard Burton|But friendship is the breathing rose, with sweets in every fold.
Lorenzo Victory|For who can we be, but ourselves.
Lailah Gifty Akita|You can renew your spirit and strength, if you take time to rest your soul.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|As the Athenians to the Pnyx, the antique Romans to the Campus Martius, or our Nordic ancestors to the All-Thing, so the folk of Tilling flocked to the High Street for extempore parliament.
Gayle Forman, Just One Day|Life is a summer, full of fun, at the beach, under the sun.
David Paul Kirkpatrick, The Address Of Happiness|We are strangers to our own lives, setting out in the dark to look for the adobe of Love which we were meant to know, guided by the Music that wants us to see.
Sarah Blakley-Cartwright, Red Riding Hood|Whore!” he snarls, slamming me into the wall so hard stars burst in my eyes. I hiss at him, the tiger in me threatening to emerge and rip out his throat, but a shout brings me back to myself.“Zahra!”I turn my head and see Aladdin running toward us. When he sees that it’s Darian holding me roughly against the wall, his face twists into such rage that he seems unrecognizable.He crashes into Darian before the prince has a chance to say anything. The two slam into the ground, Aladdin throwing a punch that cracks against Darian’s jaw.“Stop it!” I cry. “Prince Rahzad!”The boys ignore me, rolling and thrashing like
S. Brian Willson|Yes, I’m talking about a non-violent revolution of consciousness. A consciousness that is able to understand how we’re all inextricably connected to each other on this Earth,and to the Earth itself.And that if we violate those fundamental principles, we do so at our own peril. Yes, we can continue to live in this delusion and the denials of reality because it’s painful, it’s frightening. Sometimes, it’s terrifying. It's terrifying to face the truth.So I ask each of you to search your hearts, as to what your truth is, for being a citizen of the Earth,promoting justice as a foundation for peace.It’s not going to happen magically, it’s not going to happen by relying on these political structures and institutions.I think we’re going to have to wage peace in the most extraordinary ways whether our government wants it or not.Without a non-violent revolution of consciousness, we will not survive as a civilization or as a planet.We can choose to have peace if we want to pay the price. And what more glorious goal than peace for all people?...To build a new society, a society that understands that we are not worth more, and they are not worth less.And that we will be willing to pay the price and take the risks to wage peace with all fellow and sister human beings.
Deyth Banger|It's for sure that nobody wants to be played from somebody out son logically bets are something from paradox world.Paradox is now the comming future, so get prepared.
Steven Wright|If toast always lands butter-side down, and cats always land on their feet, what happens if you strap toast on the back of a cat and drop it?
Corallie Buchanan, Watch Out! Godly Women on the Loose|You may think that hiding your pain from sight is somehow going to make it disappear. I can tell you from experience that it isn’t. It is just like the time as a kid when you really didn’t want to eat your greens. If you hid them underneath a piece of furniture, sooner or later your mum would discover them because all she had to do was follow the smell. Just like the broccoli, hidden issues begin to smell if they are not brought out into the open air. There is no escape.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|If you look at it from any other side, it looks like a pile of enormous deer droppings, but Chiron wouldn't let us call the place the Poop Pile, especially after it had been named for Zeus, who doesn't have much of a sense of humor.
Darin Bradley, Noise|The problem with romance is the occlusion. The tunnel vision, drawing your every gaze downstream, into those other eyes, the flotsam of your better self, your clearer self, along for the ride. It doesn't matter what secrets swirl and bob in the waters beneath you, as you float toward that lady at Delphi, who, you imagined, reading Mythology, must have been beautiful. It doesn't matter that Charybdis, with no body, with no form, with only a mouth-as-being, couldn't have been evil, because she lacked the brain for it. It doesn't matter that following the logical course of events, the natural course, always disadvantages someone else, because love, after all, is simply a competition for resources, made infinitely complex and unknowable when squared and cubed and raised to every other emotional exponent - and then layered with sex and society and a bad memory for what those resources were in the first place.
Slavoj Žižek, In Defense of Lost Causes|The slaves who were ourselves had known terror intimately, confused sunrise with pain, & accepted indifference as kindness.
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|Cynicism may help us create simpler storylines with good guys and bad guys, but it doesn't make us any better at telling the truth, which is that most of us are a frightening mix of good and evil, sinner and saint.
Debasish Mridha|You are the byproduct of your level of consciousness, thoughts, and actions.
Auliq Ice|All what you have to do is to accept, to be bold and open to the world and the world will open it's gates for you.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is the Destination: A Book of Quotes With Commentaries|The little bit you and me might change the world," Malloy smiled, "it wouldnt show up until a hundred years after we were dead. We'd never see it.""But it'd be there.
Elle Kennedy, Midnight Action|An action made by a unwitting man, shall not define, nor justify a common though and interpretation.
B.H. Liddell Hart, The Revolution in Warfare|កាលនិយាយពីប្រជាធិបតេយ្យ គឺ​និយាយ​ពី​ការ​ចូល​រួម។ កាលណានិយាយពីការចូលរួម គឺ​និយាយ​ដល់​គុណ​ភាពរបស់អ្នកចូលរួម""When it comes to democracy, its key element is participation. When it comes to participation, its key element is quality of the participants
Michael  Grant, Light|So you want we to play a game?...Aha, I like that...!I FUCKING LOVE IT!
Kelly Link, Pretty Monsters: Stories|You have to salvage what you can, even if you're the one who buried it in the first place.
Chris Hardwick|If you are an actress in L.A., on your 40th birthday they should just hand you the keys to the lunatic asylum.
Mackenzie Davis|I have no taste for corruptible food nor for the pleasures of this life. I desire the Bread of God, which is the Flesh of Jesus Christ, who was of the seed of David, and for drink I desire His Blood, which is love incorruptible.
L.S. Hilton, Maestra|When you're no one from nowhere it's best to know your limits. Rich kids can play at bohemia, but wealth has long tendrils; it twines into a safety net which can also be a trap for the unprepared. Rich kids have families and backgrounds and connections, and they ask questions, because their world functions on being able to place people. I couldn't expose myself to that.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Christmas: Soulfully Inspiring You in the Days Leading Up to Christmas and Beyond!|In the midst of embracing life secrets, you will remain purposely guided - throughout your life.
Michael Bassey Johnson|There is no medicine that can ignite the bond of love. Friendship is compulsory, love comes around when friendship ripes, and sex is a matter of choice.
Stephen Chbosky|The question of whether or to what extent human activities are causing global warming is not a matter of ideology, let alone of belief. The issue is simply one of risk management.
Sarah Vowell, The Partly Cloudy Patriot|To begin with, we have to be more clear about what we mean by patriotic feelings. For a time when I was in high school, I cheered for the school athletic teams. That's a form of patriotism — group loyalty. It can take pernicious forms, but in itself it can be quite harmless, maybe even positive. At the national level, what "patriotism" means depends on how we view the society. Those with deep totalitarian commitments identify the state with the society, its people, and its culture. Therefore those who criticized the policies of the Kremlin under Stalin were condemned as "anti-Soviet" or "hating Russia". For their counterparts in the West, those who criticize the policies of the US government are "anti-American" and "hate America"; those are the standard terms used by intellectual opinion, including left-liberal segments, so deeply committed to their totalitarian instincts that they cannot even recognize them, let alone understand their disgraceful history, tracing to the origins of recorded history in interesting ways. For the totalitarian, "patriotism" means support for the state and its policies, perhaps with twitters of protest on grounds that they might fail or cost us too much. For those whose instincts are democratic rather than totalitarian, "patriotism" means commitment to the welfare and improvement of the society, its people, its culture. That's a natural sentiment and one that can be quite positive. It's one all serious activists share, I presume; otherwise why take the trouble to do what we do? But the kind of "patriotism" fostered by totalitarian societies and military dictatorships, and internalized as second nature by much of intellectual opinion in more free societies, is one of the worst maladies of human history, and will probably do us all in before too long.With regard to the US, I think we find a mix. Every effort is made by power and doctrinal systems to stir up the more dangerous and destructive forms of "patriotism"; every effort is made by people committed to peace and justice to organize and encourage the beneficial kinds. It's a constant struggle. When people are frightened, the more dangerous kinds tend to emerge, and people huddle under the wings of power. Whatever the reasons may be, by comparative standards the US has been a very frightened country for a long time, on many dimensions. Quite commonly in history, such fears have been fanned by unscrupulous leaders, seeking to implement their own agendas. These are commonly harmful to the general population, which has to be disciplined in some manner: the classic device is to stimulate fear of awesome enemies concocted for the purpose, usually with some shreds of realism, required even for the most vulgar forms of propaganda. Germany was the pride of Western civilization 70 years ago, but most Germans were whipped to presumably genuine fear of the Czech dagger pointed at the heart of Germany (is that crazier than the Nicaraguan or Grenadan dagger pointed at the heart of the US, conjured up by the people now playing the same game today?), the Jewish-Bolshevik conspiracy aimed at destroying the Aryan race and the civilization that Germany had inherited from Greece, etc.That's only the beginning. A lot is at stake.
Penelope Lively, How It All Began|The past is our ultimate privacy; we pile it up, year by year, decade by decade, it stows itself away, with its perverse random recall system.
Hannah Salwen, The Power of Half: One Family's Decision to Stop Taking and Start Giving Back|Everyone has too much of something, whether it’s time, talent or treasure. Everyone does have their own half, you just have to find it.
Jose Antonio Vargas|Power, in a nutshell, is the ability to get things done, and politics is the ability to decide which things need to be done.
Felix Alexander, The Last Valentine|Rolando pursed his lips and sighed. “Just be careful.” “Why, because her father carries a gun?” Isaac said. “Aren’t you the one who always said guns don’t shoot people?”“No, it was you who said that.” Rolando corrected his son. “I’ve said fathers with guns and beautiful daughters shoot people. Boys in particular.” “You worry too much, dad.” “One day, when you are a father, you will understand.
Dauglas Dauglas, Roses in the Rainbow|Majority is not always right. The fact that many people are in support of a wrong thing does not make the thing right. After all, the number of persons with poor reasoning capacity is higher than those with better reasoning capacity.I don't read or care about majority's stance on a particular issue before expressing mine. I look at issues critically before expressing mine, not minding the reaction of majority.There are more foolish people than there are wise people. People who think deeply and critically are fewer compared to those with poor thinkingI can handle majority but can't handle my conscience
Maya Corrigan, By Cook or by Crook|She’d have to treat the interview more like risotto than instant rice, adding ingredients gradually while stirring gently.
Rosen Topuzov|You have to be silent, but ready
Brennan Manning|The whole world, as we experience it visually, comes to us through the mystic realm of color.
Cassandra Clare, Welcome to Shadowhunter Academy|When a strong emotion is hitting you, it's like nothing else in the world matters and you forget to keep in mind that the emotion will pass. You forget that the strength of the present emotion does not necessarily have anything to do with its long term impact on you.
Pablo|I remember a time in a class on a cold winter morning a Japanese girl came with a surgical mask & I thought “wow people would go to extremes NOT to get sick in Japan” afterwards on a break I approached her & asked in a cynical manner: why the mask? Are you afraid of catching a cold? & then she said “in Japan you use it when YOU are under the weather & you don’t want other people to get sick, it is the polite thing to do” wow! that's a lesson I will never forget
Catherynne M. Valente, In the Cities of Coin and Spice|Betty's a good Muslim woman and wife. I don't imagine many other women might put up with the way I am. Awakening this brainwashed black man and telling this arrogant, devilish white man the truth about himself, Betty understands, is a full-time job
Eric Morgenstern|It almost contradicts itself," she says after a moment. "It's as if there is love and loss at the same time, together in a kind of beautiful pain.
lauren klarfeld|A man or woman who travels in the end will never be kept. But if you understand that person well enough, they’ll always be by your side. They might have forgotten where their home is in this world - but you might just make them feel like the closest thing to feeling at home. And while they’ll be leaving country after country, this is the way you will never leave their heart.
Ernest Hemingway, Ernest Hemingway on Writing|No matter how much enthusiasm and effort you put into writing, if you totally lack literary talent you can forget about being a novelist.
George Saunders, The Braindead Megaphone|If at the moment when someone cuts us off in traffic or breaks our heart or begins bombing our ancestral village, we could withdraw from judging mode, and enter this other, more accepting mode, we could paradoxically, make ourselves more powerful. By resisting the urge to reduce, in order to subsequently destroy, we keep alive - if only for a few seconds more - the possibility of transformation. -The Thought Experiment
Jude Watson, A King's Ransom|- Sort out the sort ofs from the maybes, and maybe you will start walking in the right direction, like you’re on a treadmill. - You have your direction. I have my direction. As for the correct direction, the one direction - it does not exist...-Jarod Kintz and Stefan D
Drew  Hayes, Forging Hephaestus|In other circumstances, Ivan might have offered him a job. Sadly, with a few notable meta exceptions, dead men didn’t code very well.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Beyond all sciences, philosophies, theologies, and histories, a child's relentless inquiry is truly all it takes to remind us that we don't know as much as we think we know.
Sai Marie Johnson|If his decision is correct, he will win the battle, even if it lasts longer than expected. If his decision is wrong, he will be defeated and he will have to start all over again- only this time with more wisdom.But once he has started, a warrior of the light perseveres until the end.
Jacky Fleming, The Trouble With Women|Her anger at the young woman's stubbornness quickly prompted recollections of all the times she'd found herself on one side or another of these meaningless, bigoted demarcations; all the times she'd been made to feel alien to some stranger's expectation of what constituted the right and normal world---the color of her skin, the ethnicity of the man she'd chosen to marry, even her tomboy daughter.
Liz Reinhardt, Double Clutch|Are you going to kiss me?" I blabbered stupidly."I'm working up the nerve," he said softly.
Francisco Goldman, The Divine Husband|I can go years thinking that it seems impossible that I will ever satisfy that appetite again and then it is easy to satisfy and no one notices or cares, nor does it make me happy, when loneliness surrounds me like water I've already drowned in without dying.
John Green, Paper Towns|Your wit is always such a delight, Mr. Zeklos. I can barely contain myself around it.
Neil Gaiman, Coraline|The author challenges how much sanctity has to do with sameness, as he says saints are as different from each other as those in any group -- even murderers.
Andrzej Sapkowski, Krew elfów|If the trees and the plants are brothers, if the birds are my sisters, then cats are truly my kin.
Aamir Sarfraz (aamir rajput khan)|Get out of bed. Go to classes. Try to be normal, and pretty soon all that grief you carry...it gets easier.
Nenia Campbell, Wishing Stars: Space Opera Fairytales|What shall I do to be for ever known,And make the age to come my own?
Lance Morrow|Of all America’s natural resources, its richest is an inexhaustible vein of irony.
David Mitchell|Even if you know that what you'll say will hurt a woman's feelings, I've learned that it's better to be truthful with her than it is to cover up. Ultimate honesty is what a relationship is really about.
Christa McAuliffe|In so many and such important ways, then, do the planets bear witness to the earth's mobility.
Vironika Tugaleva|It is only by seeing beauty in everything that we can see it in any one single thing, day after day. Don't run into the arms of obsession, for that quickly fades. Long lasting love comes from an open, loving heart.
Mike Ayers, Power to Lead: Five Essentials for the Practice of Biblical Leadership|In leadership, skills may take you where character won't keep you.
Salman Rushdie|Religion, a mediaeval form of unreason, when combined with modern weaponry becomes a real threat to our freedoms. This religious totalitarianism has caused a deadly mutation in the heart of Islam and we see the tragic consequences in Paris today. I stand with Charlie Hebdo, as we all must, to defend the art of satire, which has always been a force for liberty and against tyranny, dishonesty and stupidity. ‘Respect for religion’ has become a code phrase meaning ‘fear of religion.’ Religions, like all other ideas, deserve criticism, satire, and, yes, our fearless disres
Donna Lynn Hope|Until all processes are progressed, the world will not process meaningful, measurable progress.Progress the process, in order to process, progress. This shall be the responsibility of those who are for the light of universal innovation, as opposed to the benefactors of sectarian division.
Sabaa Tahir, A Torch Against the Night|When one is not able to take a decision out of many alternatives, the mind unconsciouslydivides into many parts – sometimes as many as the alternatives.
Hope Alcocer, Where Hope Lies|Don’t be an asshole. Just because you have one, it doesn’t mean it’s okay to act like it.
Sola Kosoko|If I were a bird, I will have no feet.
Eoin Colfer, The Atlantis Complex|Look!" said Foaly, pointing with some urgency into the vast steel-gray gloom, "Someone who cares!
Sharon Salzberg, The Force of Kindness: Change Your Life with Love & Compassion|We don’t need any sort of religious orientation to lead a life that is ethical, compassionate & kind.
Tom Stoppard|Dogmatism and skepticism are both, in a sense, absolute philosophies; one is certain of knowing, the other of not knowing. What philosophy should dissipate is certainty, whether of knowledge or ignorance.
Jonah Hill|If you just love movies enough, you can make a good one.
Ayaan Hirsi Ali|The morning after the 9/11 attacks...we began talking about the Twin Towers attack. Ruud shook his head sadly about it all. He said, "It's so weird, isn't it, all these people saying this has to do with Islam?" I couldn't help myself...I blurted out, "But it *is* about Islam. This is based in belief. This is Islam." Ruud said, "Ayaan, of course these people may have been Muslims, but they are a lunatic fringe. We have extremist Christians, too, who interpret the bible literally. Most Muslims do not believe these things. To say so is to disparage a faith which is the second largest religion in the world, and which is civilized, and peaceful." I walked into the office thinking, "I have to wake these people up."...The Dutch had forgotten that it was possible for people to stand up and wage war, destroy property, imprison, kill, impose laws of virtue because of the call of God. That kind of religion hadn't been present in Holland for centuries. It was not a lunatic fringe who felt this way about America and the West. I knew that a vast mass of Muslims would see the attacks as justified retaliation against the infidel enemies of Islam.
Joni Eareckson Tada|I say I never wanna get married. I feel trapped with the idea of marriage. How can you really be with somebody forever? I'd get bored! As I get older, I don't settle. I'd rather tell somebody 'This is what I want - take it or leave it.'
David Shields, Reality Hunger: A Manifesto|A great book allows me to leap over that wall: in a deep, significant conversation with another consciousness, I feel human and unalone.
Bill Hader|There are those who argue that the public celebration of festivals such as Christmas should be discouraged, in the questionable belief that it might somehow offend those of other religions or none.
Mary Balogh, Simply Magic|He kisses me until my mouth is sore from his stubble, and most likely cherry red. Then, when he sees its ripe colour, he kisses me more to make up for it. He kisses me between courses and in the middle of them too, licking chocolate from my lips when I accidentally make a mess – so uncaring of whatever anyone in here might think.
Andre Agassi, Open|In his late forties, an age when men settle to comforts and seek a firm base, Paul began his roughest travels.
Princess Mazzaloulou, The Beautiful Dance of Life|If I release my bird from its cage, I think I have given it freedom as I watch it fly away. But, what good to the bird is its freedom if its mind is still in the cage?
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|With you alongside,Magic is,less a dictionary word,And more a,part of life.
Dreamcue Staff|If you don't feel drowsy after lunch and don't yawn in the office, you're not a perfect employee!
Immanuel Kant, An Answer to the Question: What Is Enlightenment?|What decides whether a man will become immortal, is not his character but his vitality. Nothing save intensity confers immortality. A man manifests himself more vividly, in proportion as he is strong and unified, effective and unique. Immortality knows nothing of morality or immorality, of good or evil; it measures only work and strength; it demands from a man not purity but unity. Here, morality is nothing; intensity, all.
Roland Barthes, The Neutral: Lecture Course at the Collège de France, 1977-1978|A man's life is all he has. When you're old, it's all you'll ever have.
Sami Abouzid|I’m Enjoying creating my new soundtrack Julie ( Italo – Dance Mix ),,,, it’s real amazing to create music about a great friend you had in your life , Julie ..I love you eternally
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|Time, what God first deemed holy above all else (Genesis 2:3). Thank God for the time, and very God enters that time, presence hallowing it.... I awake to I AM here. When I'm present, I meet I AM, the very presence of a present God. (page 70)
Framing Hanley|God, I want to dream again, take me where I've never been! I want to go there, this time I'm not scared! Now I am unbreakable, it's unmistakable! No one can touch me, nothing can stop me!
R. Scott Bakker, The White Luck Warrior|We belittle what we cannot bear. We make figments out of fundamentals, all in the name of preserving our own peculiar fancies. The best way to secure one's own deception is to accuse others of deceit.
Albert Jay Nock|No man can rightfully be required to join, or support, an association whose protection he does not desire.
Baris Gencel|But the distinction is important and must be made: the highest virtue is not to give or to take. It is to share. And what I didn’t understand most of my life is that sharing includes serving oneself. It is a subtle distinction, one too subtle for most adults, though most children understand it.
Maureen Brady, Beyond Survival: A Writing Journey for Healing Childhood Sexual Abuse|When we first begin to take power more directly, after long having kept our relationship to it underground...it is natural that we experience anxiety, even guilt, at putting ourselves first. These feeling let us know we are taking action; they do not need to stop us.
Isabel  Lopez, Isabel's Hand-Me-Down Dreams|It was the soul of the machine, the ethological epicentre, the planetary ground zero of their commercial energy. I could almost feel it, shivering down like bomb-blasted rivers of glass from these undreaming towers of dark and light invading the snow-dark sky.
Tony Robbins|I just think Valentine's Day is a day to really appreciate the person you love, no matter who it is, and to spend time with them. I don't think it's all about fancy presents or whatever. I think it's about spending that quality time with that special person.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The divinity of the soul; life, light and love.
Alexandra Potter, Do You Come Here Often?|If you want a man who's commited, go look in a mental hospital.
Tanya Masse|At around 6:00 a.m., April 30, 1987, we were awakened by a loud bull horn while inside our rented mobile home at an Ozark, Missouri trailer park."Glenn Miller, Jack Jackson, Douglas Sheets, Tony Wydra, this is a United States Marshal. You have three minutes to come out with your hands up, or we will commence firing."The feds had flown in two SWAT teams; one from Kentucky, the other from Louisiana (40 in all, plus the Marshals and local authorities) to make the arrests.We were surrounded.I had a hang-over, couldn't find my pants, and had to pee, bad.
Robert Seethaler, Ein ganzes Leben|Hunter woke suddenly. A noise.It was a noise unlike anything he’d ever heard before. Close! Very close.Like it was on him. Like it was . . .Just in one ear.He twisted his head. It was full night. Black as black in the woods far from the starlight.He couldn’t see anything.But with his hands he could feel. The thing on his shoulder.His ear . . . gone!A terrible fear wrung a cry of horror from Hunter.He couldn’t feel it, his ear, or his shoulder, couldn’t feel with anything but his fingers and he felt, reached beneath his shirt, felt the flesh of his belly pulse and heave.Like something inside him.No, no, no, it wasn’t fair. It wasn’t fair!He was Hunter. The hunter. He was doing his best.He cried. Tears rolled down his cheeks.Who would bring meat for all the kids?It wasn’t fair.The sound of munching, crunching started again. Just in one ear.Hunter had only one weapon: the heat-causing power in his hands. He had used it many, many times to take the life of prey.He had fed the kids with that power. And in a moment of fear and rage he had accidentally taken the life of his friend, Harry.Maybe he could kill the thing that was eating his ear.But it was too late for that to help.Could he kill himself?He saw Old Lion’s head, eyes closed, hanging where he’d hung him for skinning. If Old Lion could die, so could Hunter.Maybe they would meet again, up in the sky.Hunter pressed both palms against his head.
Vladimir Nabokov, Glory|But then what does it matter whence comes the gentle nudge that jars the soul into motion and sets it rolling, doomed never again to stop?
Terry Brooks, Bearers of the Black Staff|So, in "Melting Pot" the children (about a third of whom were kids of color) sang the line, "America was the new world and Europe was the old," in one stroke eradicating the narratives of indigenous persons for whom America was hardly new, and any nonwhite kids whose old worlds had been in Africa or Asia, not Europe.
C. JoyBell C.|I have lived my life backwards as compared to my peers. Everyone did incredibly stupid things as teenagers and pre-teens. I didn't. I was the one telling everybody that they were incredibly stupid. Now that they are all past that stage and we are all much older— I am the one doing incredibly stupid things. I have figured that I've earned that right, by now! You have to earn the right to be stupid.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Don't wish...DO! Don't try...BE! Don't think...KNOW! And above all: Bless a stranger with a small, yet powerful, random act of kindness. You feel me?
Carrie Jones, After Obsession|Griffin, please,” she whispered.“Do you want me?” he asked.“Yes!” She tossed her head restlessly. She’d explode if he didn’t give her release soon.“Do you need me?” He kissed her nipple too gently.“Please, please, please.”“Do you love me?”And somehow, despite her extremis, she saw the gaping hole of the trap. She peered up at him blindly in the dark. She couldn’t see his face, his expression.“Griffin,” she sighed hopelessly.“You can’t say it, can you?” he whispered. “Can’t admit it either.
Michael Holbrook, Dear You, Live! Love, Life|Travel, for me, is a breathtaking experience. A humbling for the soul and the realization that we are all in this together.
Confucius|Carry out a random act of kindness, with no expectation of reward, safe in the knowledge that one day someone might do the same for you.
Lauren Oliver, Pandemonium|I’ve been in the Wilds for a month and a half now, and in that time I’ve almost forgotten about the fences. It’s amazing how close I have been, all this time, to my old life. And yet the distance that divides me from it is vast.
Natsumi Mukai|Are you, are you Coming to the tree They strung up a man They say who murdered three. Strange things did happen here No stranger would it be If we met at midnight In the hanging tree.Are you, are you Coming to the tree Where the dead man called out For his love to flee. Strange things did happen here No stranger would it be If we met at midnight In the hanging tree.Are you, are you Coming to the tree Where I told you to run, So we'd both be free. Strange things did happen here No stranger would it be If we met at midnight In the hanging tree.Are you, are you Coming to the tree Wear a necklace of rope, Side by side with me. Strange things did happen here No stranger would it be If we met at midnight In the hanging tree.
Sagar Gosavi|Destiny is like a Horizon, You reach one and find that you are yet to reach one...
Shawn Kirsten Maravel, The Wanderer|Looking up at Max he asked, “Do you recommend anything?” He kept his eyes low and to the table, trying but failing to keep his eyes open against the bright sun light.“You okay?” Max asked, watching as Landon struggled to meet her eyes.“I’m trying not to look at you,” he replied.“I’m sorry, what?”“I mean I’m trying not to hurt my eyes.”Max crossed her arms over her chest and raised a wicked brow. Landon shielded the sun with his hand and finally made eye contact with her. “That came out wrong,” he said apologetically. “It sure did,” she said with a chuckle.
Jeaniene Frost, One Foot in the Grave|She's my kitten, and no one else's.
Laura   Lane, Two Mothers, One Prayer: Facing your Child's Cancer with Hope, Strength, and Courage|I have been learning a great deal about the need to let go of our fears and truly trust the Lord. When we hold on to fear we let false beliefs (and Satan) be in control. When we trust, we give the control back to God. When we give Him the control we open up our connection to Him so that He can inspire us with the actions we need to take to receive the blessings we desire. I think it comes down to believe, listen, trust, and act. Faith is the ability to believe something enough that you are to act upon the belief. Do I believe God when He says everything will be OK? Do I believe Him enough to trust Him and am I willing to give Him the control and listen to His prompting to do things that He says will make my situation better?
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|If I let a little of the emotion out, all of it will come out, and it will never end.
Martin   Baker|If you talk to God, you are praying; If God talks to you, you have schizophrenia. If the dead talk to you, you are a spiritualist; If you talk to the dead, you are a schizophrenic
Frances Mayes, Bringing Tuscany Home: Sensuous Style From the Heart of Italy|You know that point in your life when you realize that the house you grew up in isn’t really your home anymore… All of the sudden, even though you have some place to put your shit, that idea of home is gone… Or maybe it's like this rite of passage… You will never have that feeling again until you create a new idea of home for yourself, you know, for your kids, for the family you start. It’s like a cycle or something. Maybe that’s all family really is: a group of people that miss the same imaginary place.
Anonymous|1 Corinthians 3:18-19Do not deceive yourselves. If any of you think you are wise by the standards of this age, you should become 'fools' so that you may become wise. For the wisdom of this world is foolishness in God's sight.
Sebastian Loving|Because when you're angry, you look sexy
Erik Pevernagie|We are what we remember. If we lose our memory, we lose our identity and our identity is the accumulation of our experiences. When we walk down the memory lane, it can be unconsciously, willingly, selectively, impetuously or sometimes grudgingly. By following our stream of consciousness we look for lost time and things past. Some reminiscences become anchor points that can take another scope with the wisdom of hindsight. ("Walking down the memory lane" )
Joyce Meyer|March on. Do not tarry. To go forward is to move toward perfection. March on, and fear not the thorns, or the sharp stones on life's path.
Charlotte Brontë, The Letters of Charlotte Brontë|I can be on guard against my enemies, but God deliver me from my friends!
Aneta Cruz|Without imagination, there would be no creativity. Without creativity, there would be nothing.
C.S. Lewis, The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe|Drab and colorless as her existence would seem to have been, Mrs. Harris had always felt a craving for beauty and color and which up to this moment had manifested itself in a love for flowers....Outside the windows of her basement flat were two window boxes of geraniums, her favorite flower, and inside, wherever there was room, there was a little pot containing a geranium struggling desperately to conquer its environment, or a single hyacinth or tulip, bought from a barrow for a hard-earned shilling. Then too, the people for whom she worked would sometimes present her with the leavings of their cut flowers which in their wilted state she would take home and try to nurse back to health, and once in a while, particularly in the spring, she would buy herself a little box of pansies, primroses or anemones. As long as she had flowers Mrs. Harris had no serious complaints concerning the life she led. They were her escape from the somber stone desert in which she lived. These bright flashes of color satisfied her. They were something to return to in the evening, something to wake up to in the morning.
Tracy K. Smith|In short, we need to recover the courage we celebrate in our heroes, and in particular, the courage to tolerate, for the sake of a free society, a level of risk we hardly ever imagined in the past.
Mikhail Baryshnikov|And even in the fever of epidemic arrests, when people leaving for work said farewell to their families every day, because they could not be certain they would return at night, even then almost no one tried to run away and only in rare cases did people commit suicide. And that was exactly what was required. A submissive sheep is a find for a wolf.
A.J. Jacobs, The Year of Living Biblically: One Man's Humble Quest to Follow the Bible as Literally as Possible|Your next action could change the world, so make it a good one.
Gudjon Bergmann, Yes! You Can Manage Stress|Now that I look back, I don't know why I was so stressed about it all this time. Funny how sometimes you worry a lot about something and it turns out to be nothing.
W. Waldemar W. Argow|I wanted to share the risks the digger in Afghanistan took every day. Whenever I could I joined patrols ‘outside the wire’, walking the same dusty tracks and fields as the ordinary soldiers. I did everything in my power to keep them alive, I failed. In that year I lost ten soldiers under my command, killed in action. I personally identified the remains of each of them, sending them home to their families. More than sixty of my soldiers were wounded, some horribly.
Philip Emeagwali|We've been working now with computers and education for 30 years, computers in developing countries for 20 years, and trying to make low-cost machines for 10 years. This is not a sudden turn down the road.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|If we see our relationship to this planet in a wide perspective, one thing is clear: we belong to this planet, not the other way around.
Piet Hein|Lovers meander in prose and rhyme,trying to say-for the thousandth time-what's easier done than said.
Marilyn Van Derbur, Miss America by Day: Lessons Learned from Ultimate Betrayals and Unconditional Love|Let’s talk about rape for a moment. Rape is not what George Lucas did to your childhood. Rape is not what happens when a sports team beats another sports team by a wide margin. Rape is not what happens when your electric bill is higher this month than it was last month. Rape is when a person violates another person in the most despicable, degrading way imaginable and among the myriad of terrible things humans can do to one another, rape is among the worst. I think the casual misappropriation of the concept of rape extending all the way to its widespread comical usage is disgusting even by Internet standards. Off my chest.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|Sometimes, when you least expect it, you become the girl in the woods. You lose your name because another one is forced on you. You think you are alone until you find books about girls like you. Salvation is certainly among the reasons I read. Reading and writing have always pulled me out of the darkest experiences in my life. Stories have given me place in which to lose myself. They have allowed me to remember. They have allowed me to forget. They have allowed me to imagine different endings and better possible worlds.
Sam Cabot, Blood of the Lamb: A Novel of Secrets|Money, dished out in quantities fitting the context, is a social lubricant here. It eases passage even as it maintains hierarchies. Fifty naira for the man who helps you back out from the parking spot, two hundred naira for the police officer who stops you for no good reason in the dead of night, ten thousand for the clearing agent who helps you bring your imported crate through customs. For each transaction, there is a suitable amount that helps things on their way. No one else seems to worry, as I do, that the money demanded by someone whose finger hovers over the trigger of a AK-47 is less a tip than a ransom. I feel that my worrying about it is a luxury that few can afford. For many Nigerians, the giving and receiving of bribes, tips, extortion money, or alms--the categories are fluid--is not thought of in moral terms. It is seen either as a mild irritant or as an opportunity. It is a way of getting things done, neither more nor less than what money is there for.
Jodi Picoult, Nineteen Minutes|Love [is] supposed to move mountains, to make the world go round, to be all you need, but it [falls] apart at the deatils. It [can't] save a single person.
William King, Giantslayer|Long are the lives of elves' he said.Short are the tempers of dwarfs,'Gotrek muttered, just loud enough to be heard.
Rupert Friend|It's an imaginative thing we do; it's about immersing oneself in one's imagination. If you're a novelist, you do it with pen and paper. We do it with our bodies.
Cindy R. Dancy|Lifting lives, 140 characters at a time.
Alessandra Torre, Love in Lingerie|Incredible how quickly a world can change. How my entire person, our friendship, can be reduced to nothing, with just one confession.
Domashita Romero, El Presidio Rides North|Then you remember that Jack--that's his name, the mac & cheese--plays lacrosse. That's probably where he got all those yummy muscles. You need two hands for lacrosse.A pinky? Damn, you might as well starve yourself.
Arne Jacobsen|Our utilitarian structures will mature into architecture only when, through their fulfillment of function, they become carriers of the will of the age.
Bashō Matsuo, Japanese Haiku|Dead my old fine hopesAnd dry my dreaming but still...Iris, blue each spring
Joyce Rachelle|There's something very enticing about an empty bench under a tree. And if it's facing a river, that's the bench for me.
Matshona Dhliwayo|At this moment, I know that the answer has to be yes. I am defeated. By my own father. How Darth Vader.
Compton Gage|Seeing thou hast now given me the way, I will proceed to speak before thee: for our mother, of whom thou hast told me that she is young, draw now nigh unto age.
Sube Singh|Today’s life is tomorrow’s career and yesterday’s history, live it well.
Gary Bauer|It's always Canelo, and it's Mexican Independence Day, so I know that. But I am the champion, and just looking back on that, that is one reason why I hope they'll respect that I'm champion and be fair.
Mike Basevic, No Limits, Mastering the Mental Edge|Set the goal, adjust the goal when needed, and stay locked in on the goal.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you lose faith, then you begin to fear.
Ian McNulty|Those two little words -- says you -- are the most powerful argument in any discipline: theology, philosphy, even domestic harmony. They are powerful because they are true. Whenever you say something, it is you who says it. You. And what do you know?
Debasish Mridha|Never dwell in resentment, but never forget to learn from the reflection.
Oliver Burkeman, The Antidote: Happiness for People Who Can't Stand Positive Thinking|And here lies the essential difference between Stoicism and the modern-day 'cult of optimism.' For the Stoics, the ideal state of mind was tranquility, not the excitable cheer that positive thinkers usually seem to mean when they use the word, 'happiness.' And tranquility was to be achieved not by strenuously chasing after enjoyable experiences, but by cultivating a kind of calm indifference towards one's circumstances.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making|Because she did not look behind, September did not see the smoky-glass casket close itself primly up again. She did not see it bend in half until it cracked, and Death hop up again, quite well, quite awake, and quite small once more. She certainly did not see Death stand on her tiptoes and blow a kiss after her, a kiss that rushed through all the frosted leaves of the autumnal forest, but could not quite catch a child running as fast as she could. As all mothers know, children travel faster than kisses. The speed of kisses is, in fact, what Doctor Fallow would call a cosmic constant. The speed of children has no limits.
E. Hoffmann Price|It's not the books by Stephen King that I read,I need protection from the things in my head . . .
Nadia Hashimi, When the Moon is Low|An entire lifetime can change in one afternoon. The rest of the world can continue on, unaware of a quiet, solitary cataclysm occurring a few feet away.
Cassandra Clare, The Last Stand of the New York Institute|But Jocelyn Morgenstern was not the kind of woman who wept, not the kind of woman who broke, or Valentine would have broken her long since.
Marcus Speh, GISELA|Gerbert, by the window, shuddered; his mouth contorted. The witch began to twist faster and faster while her twin was talking to Gisela, mumbling to her, marching old holy words straight through the child’s ear into her skull, where they entered the bloodstream and looked for the enemy. The monk’s fingers twitched in the same rhythm and he found himself falling into a trance. He knew it would be dangerous to witness the witches brewing and dancing but there was an energy in it that he’d missed badly since he’d been asked to educate the young princess. Gerbert didn’t even notice when the hags stopped, tucked the girl in, rubbed the concoction on her lips and left for the unseen place from which they had come. Gisela healed quickly thereafter: The fever fell that same night and she asked for solid food the next morning. She had no memory of what had happened, but when she bounced on one leg across the meadow in the castle yard, she chanted a little melody that had not been heard in church, an odd melody that made Gerbert’s ears prick up because he sensed the uncanny in it.
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|Abt Draws from a trove of personal experience to create a vivid account of the people and place. Along the way, Abt addresses big questions such as economic reform and practical ones such as how to use e–commerce to achieve brand recognition in North Korea.
Jason S. Hornsby, Every Sigh, the End|Word of advice,” the Colonel said from the other side. “Don’t tease the zombies.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|There is one thing you must always remember about yourself; always be yourself, with courage and humility, no matter what!
William Maxwell|She was fragile, gentle, wide awake in a sleeping world.
Rainer Maria Rilke|However, the serious seeker of detachment will have to embrace the Holy Trinity of Ss - Solitude, Stillness and Silence - and reject the new religion of Commotionism, which believes that the meaning of life is constant company, movement and noise.
Rhyannon Byrd, Take Me Under|You know what’s really, powerfully sexy? A sense of humor. A taste for adventure. A healthy glow. Hips to grab on to. Openness. Confidence. Humility. Appetite. Intuition. … Smart-ass comebacks. Presence. A quick wit. Dirty jokes told by an innocent-looking lady. … A storyteller. A genius. A doctor. A new mother. A woman who realizes how beautiful she is.
Joanna Russ, How to Suppress Women's Writing|And middle-class women, although taught to value established forms, are in the same position as the working class: neither can use established forms to express what the forms were never intended to express (and may very well operate to conceal).
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|[Christians] are commanded to love our neighbors, and the first step in doing this is to show a watching world that Christ reigns within us.
Ellen J. Barrier, The Price We Must Pay for Our Father's Sins|When people come together and discuss their differences based on life issues that are shared, it brings about successful changes.
Anna Freud|People need to know that they have all the tools within themselves. Self-awareness, which means awareness of their body, awareness of their mental space, awareness of their relationships - not only with each other, but with life and the ecosystem.
Robert Darnton|Did you come of age in those sweet summers of the early nineteen-sixties, when the airwaves were full of rock and roll's doo-wop promise of joy and the nation was full of J.F.K.'s eloquent promise of a New Frontier? I did. Life seemed to be laid out before us like a banquet; everything was for the taking, especially hearts.
Waylon H. Lewis, Things I Would Like To Do With You|I would like to stop wordplaying, and see you.
Dean Koontz, Deeply Odd|Bridge miscommunications by talking to parents, hearing their stories, and learning how they’ve shaped yours.
Dan Lopez, Part the Hawser, Limn the Sea|He could be boastful in a way pleasantly at odds with his native fatalism, and his youthful stubbornness had a way of ameliorating into a sort of wounded dignity, which was centered in the darting passes of his deep-set, dark eyes.
Ron Lizzi, Go Outside and Come Back Better: Benefits from Nature That Everyone Should Know|Great matter-days remain on the day stone balance, affecting your life on the day the occur and every day thereafter. So the earlier they happen, the better; waiting means potentially sacrificing years or even decades of benefit.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Religion is for those who don't want to go to hell, and spirituality is for those who have already been there.
Amelia Hutchins|When a thundering horde of drunken Vikings rush a person, it's only natural to flinch.
Daphne du Maurier, Rebecca|I suppose sooner or later in the life of everyone comes a moment of trial. We all of us have our particular devil who rides us and torments us, and we must give battle in the end.
Lloyd Bentsen|People aren't born strong. People grow stronger little by little, encountering difficult situations, learning not to run from them.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you build castles in the air, make sure you have a ladder to reach them.
raja shakeel mushtaque|Standing alone and observing from an edge "the giant universe" isn't that much scary than leaving yourself with your thoughts and creating insight in yourself!Equally big universe lies within ourselves as well
Sandeep Sharma, Let The Game Begin|Be prepared before you fight a battle" -RH
Garth Nix, Abhorsen|She smells of her cooking and the perfume Eau d'Hadrien. My mother wore it, too. She used to cook, like Lili. Our house smelled of garlic and thyme instead of sadness.
Ken MacLeod, Intrusion|That's the claim. The Arl and the Prince, both killed at West Hill." she glanced at Maric, crooking one corner of her mouth in grim amusement. "Apparently your body was not distinguishable from those of regular Fereldan men and thus couldn't be found, according to the usurper.""Well that's just rude.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|I'm not unhappy," he said. "Only people with no purpose are unhappy. I've got a purpose.
Julianne Donaldson, Blackmoore|I know my heart. It has always been yours, Kate. Always.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Quotes: Soulfully Inspiring and Uplifting You Daily by Utilizing the Power of Positive Quotes|Let your doubts & fears melt away, as you fulfill your life's destiny & goals.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush|Many are concerned with going to heaven or hell, But fail to realize that you can be living in heaven or hell right here on Earth.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Mother Night|But all memories, no matter how distant, no matter how distorted, have the shadow of truth underneath. Even the most imperfect memory is a window—
Charles Bukowski, Absence of the Hero|The cult of self dominates our cultural landscape. This cult has within it the classic traits of psychopaths: superficial charm, grandiosity, and self-importance; a need for constant stimulation, a penchant for lying, deception, and manipulation, and the inability to feel remorse or guilt. This is, of course, the ethic promoted by corporations. It is the ethic of unfettered capitalism. It is the misguided belief that personal style and personal advancement, mistaken for individualism, are the same as democratic equality. In fact, personal style, defined by the commodities we buy or consume, has become a compensation for our loss of democratic equality. We have a right, in the cult of the self, to get whatever we desire. We can do anything, even belittle and destroy those around us, including our friends, to make money, to be happy, and to become famous. Once fame and wealth are achieved, they become their own justification, their own morality. How one gets there is irrelevant. Once you get there, those questions are no longer asked.
Daniel Handler, Why We Broke Up|But his singing was unconscious and irrepressible - an expression of his native exuberance, the dreamy, buoyant soundtrack running through his head.
Dee Waldeck|Truth always prevails, as it packs the mightiest punch of them all!
Ophelia London, Love Bites|I must say, cowboy, I'm impressed. I was worried you could only handle eight seconds at a time.
Peter Drucker|When you become a parent, or a teacher, you turn into a manager of this whole system. You become the person controlling the bubble of innocence around a child, regulating it.
Ziad K. Abdelnour|The economy is getting tough yet we all needs to be happy. It may be difficult to get a job yet we needs to be happy. We may not have money in our pocket yet we needs to be happy so what can you offer to make someone happy even when you don't have a job, money or gifts to offer. Just Smile.....
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|Doing what you love, with those you love, is an adventurous type of success. The kind that can not be taken away, often discovered by those who have had much taken away, and saw it as an opportunity to re-access their path, and reset from the crucible of shared and beneficial dreams.
Vivienne Ming|I think that technology is the best thing that ever happened to mankind. It's an absurd notion that somehow, 'My God, what are we going to do when driverless cars come along?' It's going to save lives on the road. And maybe, one day, we'll all be working four days a week and not five or six days a week.
Rebecca McNutt|There's no reason that anything should ever become obsolete, whether it be VHS tapes, celluloid film, print books or even the previous versions of a computer operating system, as long as even just one person still wants them around. After all, one thing leads to another, old inventions are the basis for new ones, inventors and designers and scientists and hobbyists worked hard to create all these things, so don't they deserve some respect, enough not to have their ideas buried in the dust by the latest trends and fads?
Ricky Whittle|If I am not mistaken, it was a British poet who said that 'no one is properly dressed unless he wears a smile.'
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|Women of all groups were measurably more likely than their male counterparts to vote for equality, health, and education, and against violence as a way of solving conflict. It wasn't about biology, but experience.
Jonice Webb|When a child receives the message, even subtly or indirectly, that his emotions don't matter, he will grow up feeling, somewhere deep inside, that he himself doesn't matter.
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Have Fangs|I grabbed my purse, which was conveniently place by the front door. Gabriel was such a considerate abductor/host. He even left the front door unpadlocked.
Kate Winslet|When I was about ten, I was very impressed by the way Tarzan could swing through the trees from vine to vine. No one ever told me, 'Don't try this at home.'
Lailah Gifty Akita|Revive soul, Renew spirit.
Mary Karr|One very beautiful virtue one can master is to learn to ignore; to ignore perceived and intended slights no matter how infuriating they might feel. Not to ignore in anger, rather, to ignore with understanding. However, to keep account for future purposes, to ignore with adept skill and less hurt. Life just becomes easier and more beautiful.
Phillips Brooks|Do not pray for easy lives; pray to be stronger men! Do not pray for tasks equal to your powers; pray for powers equal to your tasks! Then the doing of your work shall be no miracle. But you shall be a miracle. Every day you shall wonder at yourself, at the richness of life which has come in you by the grace of God.
Martin Luther King Jr.|I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word in reality. This is why right, temporarily defeated, is stronger than evil triumphant.
Sadhguru, Mystic's Musings|In terms of the real quality of a human being, only when suffering comes, when pain comes, does a man stand up as a human being. You can see great human beings surface only when the society is really suffering. When India was under the oppression of British rulers, how many wonderful people stood up? Where are they now? They have just fallen back into their comforts, that's all. All those Ghandis, Patels, Tilaks are still there, but they're dormant. When pain came, they all became alive. They left everything behind and stood up as giants. Where are they now? This is the human misfortune that still there's not enough intelligence in the world that human beings will rise to their peaks when everything is well. They wait for calamities.
Kellie Thacker, Sacrifice|Secretly," he mumbled in a quieter tone, "I've always wanted to know what it would feel like to lust, to hunger for something different. But I've never been able to imagine ever experiencing that kind of desire.
Danyl McLauchlan, Mysterious Mysteries of the Aro Valley|I was only hit on once at the grocery store. I remember it was early one Saturday morning and I was buying my daily bacon, when I got tapped on the shoulder. I turned around and I saw a rather short and very feeble eighty-year-old lady looking up at me. She said in a weak, scratchy voice, "Excuse me, young man, could you reach up and grab some ketchup for me?" Well I'm no dummy. I know when I'm getting hit on. I smiled politely and reached up for the ketchup, knowing full well that she just wanted to get a gander at my derriere. As I handed her the ketchup, she said, "Thank you," like I was some piece of meat, a boy toy, or something. Finally I just blurted out, "Look, I'm married, lady!" She acted all surprised and confused. "Excuse me? I don't understand!" I shook my head with a smirk, raised my left hand, and showed her my wedding ring. "Married!" I loudly told her. "I'm taken!" A stock boy at the end of the aisle looked at us and inquired, "Is everything okay?" "I'm fine," I assured him. "I know how to deal with predators." Well, suddenly this sex-crazed lady got all angry at me. Like I was out of line. She huffed off. "Well, I never!" "And you ain't gonna with me either, " I yelled after her. I have to admit, it was nice to get the attention.
Nick Cave|Who knows their own story? Certainly it makes no sense when we are living in the midst of it. It's all just clamor and confusion. It only becomes a story when we tell it and retell it. Our small precious recollections that we speak again and again to ourselves and to others, first creating the narrative of our lives and then keeping the story from dissolving into darkness.
Nicole Krauss, The History of Love|Once upon a time there was a boy who loved a girl, and her laughter was a question he wanted to spend his whole life answering.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|The child is taught form earliest consciousness that she has these four brothers with her in the world wherever she goes, and that they will always look after her. The brothers inhabit the four virtues a person needs in order to be safe and happy in life: intelligence, friendship, strength and poetry. The brothers can be called upon in any critical situation for rescue and assistance. When you die, your four spirit brothers collet your soul and bring you to heaven.
Molly Friedenfeld, The Book of Simple Human Truths|Let us never be afraid of innocent joy; God is good and what he does is well done; resign yourself to everything, even happiness; ask for the spirit of sacrifice, of detachment, of renunciation, and above all, for the spirit of joy and gratitude.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|When set out to create order, they create only misery.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery|I love life. I wish I could live another 500 years, truly. There is so much to do. I don't feel bitter or angry or disappointed. If anything, I am very grateful for where I come from. I have absolutely no regrets.
Robin Hobb, Fool's Quest|In the dead of night I stirred. Wakefulness flowed back into me. I was a cup full of sorrow, but that sorrow was stilled, like a pain that abates as long as one does not move.
Sunday Adelaja|The religion or pulpit of a nation is the most powerful source of value formation in any country. Followed by the family, the educational system and the media.
Lundy Bancroft|Her mother always told her, “If he hits you, then you leave,” but Jack had never hit her, not with his fists.
Avijeet Das|You're Times New Roman, but I'm more Comic Sans.
Jon Krakauer, Under the Banner of Heaven: A Story of Violent Faith|Neither Emma's tears nor her rage were enough to make Joseph monogamous, however; nor were the prevailing mores of the day. He kept falling rapturously in love with women not his wife. And because that rapture was so wholly consuming, and felt so good, it struck him as impossible that God might possibly frown on such a thing.
Tim Ray, De gelofte|Nou, Stanley Donne legde ons uit dat alle godsdiensten ter wereld, occulte broederschappen, alle mystici en sjamanen, of het nu Rozenkruisers, Ridders van de Ronde Tafel, Egyptische hogepriesters, Tibetaanse boeddhistishce monniken, Zuid-Amerikaanse naguals, Indiase yogi's, Keltische druïden of discipelen van Jezus waren, allemaal hetzelfde doel nastreefden, namelijk om het bewustzijn van het individu dusdanig te vergroten en te verheffen dat hij of zij uiteindelijk tot een kosmisch bewustzijn komt en toetreedt tot hogere dimensies.
J.R. Ward, The King|The past is what it is—good and bad, it’s written and unchanging. And there’s solace to be had in that.”Tears pricked her eyes. “What do you mean?”There was a long pause. “The good parts are more luminous because you can trust them. And the bad parts can’t get any more tragic for precisely the same reason. The past is safe because it is indelible.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|If people did not love one another, I really don't see what use there would be in having any spring.
Peter Thiel|Entrepreneurs build ladders, employees climb them.
Kambiz Shabankare|The people's need to share has turned into a massive disease. It has taken them to the most private meaningless part of their lives. In such circumstance, values become redefined and what has been worthless in the past, has become the core value of the new age. The disaster starts where the essence of the discourse changes. The modern age, with all its technological advances, has taken human to the fast fall. We are going down faster than being trapped into a mire. The transition of the discourse has also given us a great gift, senselessness. Therefore, we have transitioned into piles of senseless machines, drained of human essentiality and drowning into a giant mire. The sad part is, due to the lack of true sense, we don't even feel it. Our only safety guard, which is entirely absurd and phantasmagoric, comes from following the majority of the world's population. As long as we feel belonged to preponderancy, our nonsense will absolutely make sense.
Nalini Singh, Branded by Fire|Current relationship status?” Her voice cut like an arctic chill blowing through the room.“If you mean me, then you’re not my type. If you mean my dad, he’s single, but I don’t think you’re his type either,” I said with a small smile. Mercy didn’t find it amusing. A small blue vein in her forehead started throbbing like crazy....“Actually, come to think of it, I don’t think he has a type. I’ve never seen him with a woman.Mercy, I hate to break it to you, but there’s a very real possibility my dad is gay.
Seth Low|On this day, so full for Americans of thoughts connected with their National Independence, we may not forget that Americans have yet other grounds for gratitude to the people of the Netherlands.
Jared Leto|Try and fail, but never fail to try!
Elizabeth Eulberg, Better off Friends|I remembered reading somewhere that if you smile at something, it automatically makes you happier.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|God calls ignorance the rejection of knowledge, which simply means it is actually a choice to be ignorant.
A. L. Kitselman|Liberals think you can reform an ax murderer. They don't want to kill anything. They want to change the Listerine labels to "Rehabilitate the germs that cause bad breath."
Pierre-Joseph Proudhon|Democracy does not require perfect equality, but it does require that citizens share a common life. What matters is that people of different backgrounds and social positions encounter one another, and bump up against one another, in the course of ordinary life.
Natalie Brenner, This Undeserved Life: Uncovering The Gifts of Grief and The Fullness of Life|Time and time again, I find I cannot skip the night to arrive to the morning. Joy comes in the morning, but the morning comes after the dark night. Sometimes the night lasts longer than we want it to.
T. S. Eliot|A toothache, or a violent passion, is not necessarily diminished by our knowledge of its causes, its character, its importance or insignificance.
Hunter Shea, Island of the Forbidden|Which grave are we in?" she said.	"The oldest." She felt Eddie's puzzlement.	"That can't be possible. He looks like he was just buried."	"There must be something at work in the chemistry of the island that's preserving his body. It's like the incorruptibles, bodies that weren't preserved in any special way that don't decay. Catholic saints like Bernadette and Padre Pio are said not to have decomposed even though they died a long, long time ago. Environmental factors can cause a kind of mummification."	Jessica said, or thought, "This is bizarre. I'm getting a lesson on mummification while in the coffin of a dead man.
Graeme Simsion, The Rosie Project|Stephen had spared no expense in making himself more unhappy, his own position as a rejected lover clearer.
ejump - 2017|All other businesses we do for living and for leaving good and great footprints are good! In fact, we must not let our gifts and talents be idle, but in all our endeavors we must not forget that there is one more noble business than any, and that is touching and saving lives for the Kingdom of God, in truth and in spirit, and proclaiming the coming of Jesus Christ with all due diligence, understanding, humility, courage and fortitude!
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|He ever offer to walk you home?""I've never asked," Cath said quickly. "I've never asked you either.""That's true," Levi said.More quiet. More cold.The air stung Cath's throat when she finally spoke again. "So maybe you shouldn't.""Don't be ridiculous," Levi said. "That wasn't my point.
|Never dare to sell your soul for money, because no amount of wealth would buy you an air conditioner in hell.
Julie Kagawa, Talon|Celyn merely snarled and stalked away."You best go to him, sister, and soothe his hurt feelings.""Why should I?""You know how men are. If you treat them nice and buy them gifts, they will suck your pussy like champion.
Lisa Schroeder, Chasing Brooklyn|After Lucca died, everything shut down. I couldn't eat. I couldn't sleep. I couldn't talk. Somehow they got me on the plane and back home.
Sharon E. Rainey, The Best Part of My Day Healing Journal|In that instant, I realized that if I focused on the pain and misery, it would take me longer to heal. When chronic pain is my most often companion, it can be challenging to keep looking for the good. I needed to figure out a way to focus on the positive moments of each day. I needed to see where I was improving and healing.
Cinda Williams Chima, Flamecaster|Everyone have a game, everyone is playing in his own game and his own game he is the king the others are the other figures from the chess.
Stephani Hecht North's Complications|Come on," he said. "Bring the poker."I brought the tongs as well. I felt like it.
Ken Doyle|Sometimes, in the ancient writing samples found in the Indian subcontinent, we find that a mixture of Harappan and Brahmi features has been used. This definitely points towards a continuous evolutionary process that transformed the Harappan script into the later day Brahmi. This also explains why many of the Harappan signs seem to have been simply carried forward (even in actual form) in the Brahmi script.
Arundhati Roy, The Cost of Living|To love. To be loved. To never forget your own insignificance. To never get used to the unspeakable violence and the vulgar disparity of life around you. To seek joy in the saddest places. To pursue beauty to its lair. To never simplify what is complicated or complicate what is simple. To respect strength, never power. Above all, to watch. To try and understand. To never look away. And never, never to forget.
Rebecca   Warner, Doubling Back to Love|As for Jenny, she felt only that women - just like men - should at least be able to make conscious decisions about the course of their lives; if that made her a feminist, she said, then she guessed she was one.
John Geiger|Your time, energy and resources will get used no matter how well you focus them. By choosing to focus properly, you get the highest return for the efforts you invest in your life. Most people spend too much time on what is urgent and not enough time on what is important. Productivity is not just about getting things done, it’s about getting the right things done.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|I think you can love a person too much.You put someone up on a pedestal, and all of a sudden, from that perspective, you notice what's wrong - a hair out of place, a run in a stocking, a broken bone. You spend all your time and energy making it right, and all the while, you are falling apart yourself. You don't even realize what you look like, how far you've deteriorated, because you only have eyes for someone else.
Kyle Adams, Dirty Cop|Daniel?”I raise an eyebrow to match his expression. “Holder?”“What are you up to?”“I do not know what you are talking about,” I reply innocently.“You do know what I am talking about because when you are lying, you do not use contractions when you spe
James Scott Bell|If you can write each day, do it, and meet a quota. Minimum 350 words a day. A baboon can do 350 words a day. Don’t be shown up by a baboon
j d nixon|my phone beeped. I took it from my handbag and sawa text message from Dixie.It read: that man is sizzling HOT HOT HOT!!!!truth! I texted back.omg! his accent! his body! im in lurvi noticed!hes a bilfwtf???boss id like 2 fuk! I snorted out loud with laughter.Heller flicked his cold eyes to me.I wrote: norty girl!ooh! does he like norty asian girls? Another involuntary snort from me.“Ms Chalmers,” he warned.gotta go. my new daddys strict, I texted.spankz for u 2nite!lolz! only if im lucky! c u soon xx- heller 1
Avina Celeste|When you feel that there is something wrong with your life, you must be willing to change your perspective, thoughts, and actions to fix it. Your perspective is the only thing stopping you from having a better, happier life.
Scott Adams|I don't listen to the radio, cause I don't have a driver's license. But if I'm in L.A. or somewhere where we have to rent a car, I'll hear my songs. Sometimes I hear them when I'm in stores, and I'm still like a little kid in a candy shop: 'Oh my God, that's my song!' I don't know how that could ever get old.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Short Stories|I don't think he was ever happy unless someone was in love with him, responding to him like filings to a magnet, helping him to explain himself, promising him something. What it was I do not know. Perhaps they promised that there would always be women in the world who would spend their brightest, freshest, rarest hours to nurse and protect that superiority he cherished in his heart.
Esther Veltheim, Beyond Concepts: The Investigation of Who You Are Not|Conflict never lies between two people. It always lies between rigid beliefs about the other person and the contradictions they show you. Conflict is always an inside job, but until you recognise this, it is easier to blame the other person.
N'Zuri Za Austin|Tonight, can we just pretend you want me to?
Galina Nelson|When I was a teen, I liked to hang out around popular girls, I thought they had some magic, secrets that only they knew and I wanted to learn it... Though pretty soon I realized... popular girls were just like spam... they promised a lot, but only thing they had and could use were their well-built bodies and ability to apply make-up here and there. Mostly they were deceptive and had no senses... they had no idea about friendship, kindness and beauty as it is. Friendship for them was not something more than poor relations, sort of like in "God Father". Love for them was not something bigger than sex. Kindness for them was to have a kitty or a dog (which was already very rare case)... And beauty for them was... well, you can imagine. Concentrated selfishness
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|If you can transcend from the dark rut of disempowered thinking to the bright light of an empowered agreement with reality, you will see opportunities not barriers. You will see the finish line, not the hurdles.
Seth Grahame-Smith, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter|Ellie, would you frolic in the land of forever with me?
Trushti Raval|I will missmy chest explodingyou coming home latenot turning on the lightalways waking me upI will missthe sudden burst of safetywhen you look at meor hold my handor say something like”let’s go home”I will missthe years I loston something or someone.The pieces didn’t fit, shaped wrongthe timing slightly off.I loved you like I always will.
Santosh Thankachan|One cannot speak about love for God and neighbor without having a standard of communication, respect, honor, and without understanding how precious every human being is.
Hal Elrod, The Miracle Morning: The Not-So-Obvious Secret Guaranteed to Transform Your Life|The Need to Read"Reading books remains one of the best ways to engage with the world, become a better person and understand life’s questions, big and small.
Christy A. Campbell, The Sharing Moon|The butterflies swirl again in Sera’s stomach. Perhaps they have brought along fireflies too, to light up her soul.
Richard Foster|If you're running an engineering or finance company, all companies depend on ideas and ingenuity. I think the principles of creative leadership apply everywhere, whether it's an advertising company or whether you're running a hospital.
G.S. Jennsen, Starshine: Aurora Rising Book One|Effie Seabright, we’ve been fated to meet you for a long time.
Mustafa SULTAN|It's awkward how some people refuse to be humans regarding their behaviours! Isn't that against God's will for he created them as humans? And yet, they at night hold hands up and ask God for forgiveness and to grant them their wishes; when he created animals sinless.
Arlie Russell Hochschild|If the machines can take the drudgery out of it and just leave us with the joy of drawing, then that's the best of both worlds - and I'll use those computers!
P.G. Mathew, The Normal Church Life|Jesus Christ is Lord of all, and all things have been put under his feet. There are no exceptions. (p. 70)
Bobby Knight|The first time probably people really were aware of me, I unfortunately had the title of Showtime's Funniest Person in America. And that's a really tough title to travel around with when you're not even known.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|He had chosen to spend his days in the world of men. Life was what mattered, its slow, priceless pulse, its burning fragility; his debt lay with those importunate Flanders echoes that had never really left him. The private could aspire to be a general because both general and private, at their best, recognized the dire importance of strategy, fortitude, the value of their imperiled existence; but when the machinist became the executive he left the world of tangibles and human conjugacy and entered a shadow world of credits and consols - a world that seemed to reward nothing so much as irresponsibility and boundless greed. And when the thunder rolled down upon them - as he knew it would - how would he feel, playing with paper, striving to outwit his fellows, drinking imported Scotch evenings and listening to the brittle parade of comedians on radio ...?
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Be compassionate ... and take responsibility for each other. If we only learned those lessons, this world would be a better place.
Donna Lynn Hope|I thought I would prefer apathy over this," I confided to her. "Why?" she asked. "Are you saying you would rather be cold than comforted? He's looking at you and offering his hand in friendship and you're rudely looking away pretending not to notice. At least with him you wouldn't be so alone." I felt my eyes turn into colorless pools as I glared at her for stating the obvious. "Being numb to someone is better than feeling something," I explained. "Safer you mean," she interrupted. I sighed and continued, "When someone who was once significant in your life comes back after an extended absence, emotions you had finally freed yourself from are reawakened, and if that's not enough to contend with, dormant memories are summoned whether you want them to be or not." "And what is it that you want?" she posed triumphantly. I swallowed my anger and thought with defeat, "Nothing anyone can give me.
Joseph Campbell, The Power of Myth|But life itself is without use. What is the purpose of it? Where are you going? What is the result? No purpose, no result, no goal. Life is a constant ecstasy, moment to moment you can enjoy it but if you start thinking of results you miss enjoying it, your roots are uprooted, you are no longer in it, you have become an outsider. And then you will ask for the meaning, for the purpose.
Chris Cleave, Little Bee|Compassion for human hurt, a humble sense of our impermanence, an absolute valuation of justice—all of our so-called virtues only trouble us and serve to bolster, not assuage, horror. In addition, these qualities are our least vital, the least in line with life. More often than not, they stand in the way of one’s rise in the welter of this world, which found its pace long ago and has not deviated from it since. The putative affirmations of life—each of them based on the propaganda of Tomorrow: reproduction, revolution in its widest sense, piety in any form you can name—are only affirmations of our desires. And, in fact, these affirmations affirm nothing but our penchant for self-torment, our mania to preserve a demented innocence in the face of gruesome facts.By means of supernatural horror we may evade, if momentarily, the horrific reprisals of affirmation. Every one of us, having been stolen from nonexistence, opens his eyes on the world and looks down the road at a few convulsions and a final obliteration. What a weird scenario. So why affirm anything, why make a pathetic virtue of a terrible necessity? We are destined to a fool’s fate that deserves to be mocked. And since there is no one else around to do the mocking, we will take on the job. So let us indulge in cruel pleasures against ourselves and our pretensions, let us delight in the Cosmic Macabre. At least we may send up a few bitter laughs into the cobwebbed corners of this crusty old universe.
Mark F.  LaMoure|Working to become excellent at what you want, raises your confidence, charisma and develops courage. As you work to become top notch, it also gives you a great reputation at what you do.
Erik Pevernagie|Jealousy is a fever that arises from a stupid, baseless excitement in our unthinking brain.Jealousy is a phenomenon of auto-suggestion.The woman you love has gone to bed with X. You hate X, you hate her, and you have perpetually before your eyes the vision of your loved one and X embracing in an act that fills you with horror.But you too in your time have deceived the woman you love and have done with Y what X did in bed with woman you love.Well, what remains in your skin ,your mind of Mrs Y? Nothing whatever. No more than X left with your woman.In other words, auto suggestion. Do you want evidence of that? Well, then, if you don't know the man, you imagine him to be hateful, offensive, repulsive, and you feel that if you met him you'd kill him.But, if you happen to see his photograph, you begin to realize that it's possible to look at him without horror; and believe me, if you were actually introduced to him you'd approach him with a cordial smile on your lips, look him in the eye without trembling and, if you have reached my degree of perfection, you'd actually be capable of cheerfully patting him on the back and telling him he's a good chap.In a not too distant future, reason and education will have driven home the lesson of the futility of jealousy.
Nikki Rowe|I crave intimate love. Words that make my soul dance, a touch that gives me goosebumps, eye contact that electrifies my entire body, a kiss that could have me questioning whose air I am breathing.
Dagobert D. Runes|Sometimes the heart of a weary soul needs a simple moment of love and light shined upon it, or reflected back to it. That momentary connection might be the one thing that inspires a person to take one more step and move in a positive new direction.
Valerie J. Lewis Coleman, The Forbidden Secrets of the Goody Box: Relationship Advice That Your Father Didn't Tell You and Your Mother Didn't Know|Stop looking for your better half! You need to be whole to attract your better whole, if you expect to have a flourishing relationship.
Idries Shah, Reflections|Mankind's biggest blunder, ignorance. Mankind's second, infallible.
Jason Mraz|True strength lies in submission which permits one to dedicate his life, through devotion, to something beyond himself.
Roland Barthes|Above all, do not attempt to be exhaustive.
Sylvia Plath|I am two fools, I know, for loving, and for saying so in whining poetry.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Your faith in "what will be" will not only empower you to let go "what was", but it will also encourage you to accept "what is" existing now! Have faith in God; His plans are to prosper you, not to harm you!
J.M. Roberts, The New Penguin History of The World|It does not require much historical knowledge (though it may require a certain historical perspective) to see that many, if not all, of the "aristocratic" elements of the Constitution (as in other countries) have gradually disappeared or were washed away during the past two hundred years, while the monarchic powers of the presidency and the democratic extent of majority rule became more and more overwhelming.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|When each day is the same as the next, it’s because people fail to recognize the good things that happen in their lives every day that the sun rises.
Richard Bach, Illusions: The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah|Mondays taste like split-pea soup,Tuesdays taste like gobbledygook,Wednesdays taste like licorice,Thursdays taste like deep-fried fish,Fridays taste like the color red,Saturdays taste like gingerbread,Sundays taste like chicken breast,But birthdays! Birthdays taste the best!Birthdays taste like chocolate cake,Balloons, presents, and sirloin steak.
Ann Gimpel, Witch’s Bounty|Are ya glad to see me, or is that a roll of poker chips in your pants?
Ronald Schaffer, Wings of Judgment: American Bombing in World War II|The Lord works in mysterious ways. What's true to one man, a wonder and a marvel, might not seem so to another, as God didn't intend it for him.
Thiruvalluvar|The engagements I had with Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles were about reaching out and showing respect to the unionist people. I also recognised that when someone like her makes acts of reconciliation as she did do at the Garden of Remembrance in Dublin, she is 100% behind the peace process.
Susana Fortes|...I always thought youth were idealists - now, I'm not so sure - I'm more idealistic now then at 17...
Moxie Will|When people view their lives as insignificant, they escape using pleasure.
Susan Forward, Mothers Who Can't Love: A Healing Guide for Daughters|...many daughters may never have given themselves permission to even 'consider' changing the relationship with their mothers, because they didn't think they had the right to do it.
Farooq A. Shiekh|Sometimes the tunes of our songs are not melodious. Sometimes they are just without emotion, flesh, breath, or thought.
Robert Hughes, The Shock of the New|The basic project of art is always to make the world whole and comprehensible, to restore it to us in all its glory and its occasional nastiness, not through argument but through feeling, and then to close the gap between you and everything that is not you, and in this way pass from feeling to meaning. It's not something that committees can do. It's not a task achieved by groups or by movements. It's done by individuals, each person mediating in some way between a sense of history and an experience of the world.
Tim I. Gurung|The holiness described in the Bible calls us to do more than separate ourselves from the moral pollution of the world around us. It calls us to obey God even when that obedience is costly, when it requires deliberate sacrifice and even exposure to danger.
Marie Jenney Howe, An Anti-Suffrage Monologue|It comes down to this. Some one must wash the dishes. Now, would you expect man, man made in the image of God, to roll up his sleeves and wash the dishes? Why, it would be blasphemy. I know that I am but a rib and so I wash the dishes.
Thomas Mann, Buddenbrooks: The Decline of a Family|We are the bourgeoisie—the third estate, as they call us now—and what we want is a nobility of merit, nothing more. We don't recognize this lazy nobility we now have, we reject our present class hierarchy. We want all men to be free and equal, for no one to be someone else's subject, but for all to be subject to the law. There should be an end of privileges and arbitrary power. Everyone should be treated equally as a child of the state, and just as there are no longer any middlemen between the layman and his God, so each citizen should stand in direct relation to the state. We want freedom of the press, of employment, of commerce. We want all men to compete without any special privileges, and the only crown should be the crown of merit.
Anthony T. Hincks|Love has not a value,though we treasure it dear,it's worth more than gold,that's why I keep you so near.
Emma Mildon, The Soul Searcher's Handbook: A Modern Girl's Guide to the New Age World|Spirituality is not a religion or a trend—it is a lifestyle. It is a lifestyle of awareness that combines the understanding of faith, body, mind, and soul, allowing us to live modern-day enlightened lives in small and big ways.
Omoakhuana Anthonia|I figure, sometimes, bad things happen to us so we can achieve a higher purpose and attain greater happiness and fulfillment in life.
Peter Kreeft, Pocket Handbook of Christian Apologetics|I know that if you don't look for an alternative, Sophos, you certainly won't find one.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Maybe you should've let God do the planning, rather than doing it yourself.
John Cheever|Fiction is meant to illuminate, to explode, to refresh.
Nutan Bajracharya|Come on. We must have a little pity. Do you know what we're talking about now?...When a man supports his relatives by his labor, he has no right to sacrifice himself. That is deserting his family...My friends, there is a tomorrow; you won't be here on that tomorrow, but your families will...We must not be selfish." (on page 1183 of 1480)
Jessica Lowndes|I remember once in junior high school, on a Friday, my mom came home from work and said to my brother and I, 'You know, between us, we have only 27 cents, but we have food in the refrigerator, we have our little garden out back, and we're happy, so we are rich.'
Nick Lake, There Will Be Lies|We were never meant to be together.Stars never aligned for us, they alwaysdiverged our paths from each other.Too close, but never enough.Minute hands were never slow enoughfor us to catch up, but fast enough we’reslipping from its grasp.We were never meant to be together, butthat doesn’t mean I love you any less.
Francis de Sales|Many people don't fear a hell after this life and that's because hell is on this earth, in this life. In this life there are many forms of hell that people walk through, sometimes for a day, sometimes for years, sometimes it doesn't end. The kind of hell that doesn't burn your skin; but burns your soul. The kind of hell that people can't see; but the flames lap at your spirit. Heaven is a place on earth, too! It's where you feel freedom, where you're not afraid. No more chains. And you hear your soul laughing.
James Caskey, Haunted Savannah: America's Most Spectral City|There is a unique bond between the land and the people in the Crescent City. Everyone here came from somewhere else, the muddy brown current of life prying them loose from their homeland and sweeping them downstream, bumping and scraping, until they got caught by the horseshoe bend that is New Orleans. Not so much as a single pebble ‘came’ from New Orleans, any more than any of the people did. Every grain of sand, every rock, every drip of brown mud, and every single person walking, living and loving in the city is a refugee from somewhere else. But they made something unique, the people and the land, when they came together in that cohesive, magnetic, magical spot; this sediment of society made something that is not French, not Spanish, and incontrovertibly not American.
Lemony Snicket, Horseradish|Everyone, at some point in their lives, wakes up in the middle of the night with the feeling that they are all alone in the world, and that nobody loves them now and that nobody will ever love them, and that they will never have a decent night's sleep again and will spend their lives wandering blearily around a loveless landscape, hoping desperately that their circumstances will improve, but suspecting, in their heart of hearts, that they will remain unloved forever. The best thing to do in these circumstances is to wake somebody else up, so that they can feel this way, too.
Kristine Wyllys, Wild Ones|February 2009 January 4. January 4. January 4. I rubbed the paper on my red calendar. I cried into the little box, into the last day we had sex.I was a tornado. I puked hurricanes. I was Jodi Arias. There were no more tears for him. Swirling eddies of vodka, pills, fattening food, and tears. Vortexes corralled other vortexes. They joined forces with the eyes of other storms far out into the Gulf, and Atlantic, and castrated my heart first, then everything below the neck. Fuck the heart; my brain was mauled into mush. He didn’t have a heart—and possibly, neither did I. The heart had nothing to do with a whirlpool of circles and left and rights I navigated.
Alan J. Perlis, Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs|I hope the ﬁeld of computer science never loses its sense of fun. ... What you know about computing other people will learn. Don’t feel as if the key to successful computing is only in your hands. What’s in your hands I think and hope is intelligence: the ability to see the machine as more than when you were ﬁrst led up to it, that you can make it more.
Sara  Humphreys, Trouble Walks In|Ronan sucked in a deep breath, forcing himself not to look at her. If he did, he would want to kiss her again. That was all he could think about. Tasting her, drinking from her, and finding out if he made her half as crazy as she made him.
James S.A. Corey, Leviathan Wakes|I became a marine mom with the signing of a paper, but it would take a phone call, late one night, for me to fully absorb the impact this new title would have on my life.
Rudyard Kipling, Rudyard Kipling's Tales of Horror and Fantasy|All kinds of magic are out of date and done away with, except in India, where nothing changes in spite of the shiny, top-scum stuff that people call 'civilization.
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|If we push hard now, this next wave can be the last wave. In the future, there will be no female leaders. There will just be leaders
Lia Habel, Dearly, Departed|Returning my voice to a conversational level, I called back, “Nora, I’m notattempting to embarrass you or single you out. I know you’re capable. But stay behind Chas, okay? You die, you d i e permanently, and for various reasons that we’ve already gotten angsty about together, I don’t want that to happen.”“Okay, okay,” she sighed.“Angsty?” Chas asked. “Ooh! Later, details!”“Yes, later.” With that, I waved the team forward.
Alison Bechdel, Are You My Mother?|Macbeth does murder sleep - the innocent sleep,Sleep that knits up the ravell'd sleave of care,The death of each day's life, sore labor's bath, Balm of hurt minds, great nature's second course, chief nourisher in life's feast.
Anna Kendrick|Candidate Obama was either exceptionally naive or willfully disingenuous when he vowed to change the way Washington works. The very promise of Hope and Change was rooted in uprooting the Washington modus operandi. But instead of rejecting it, he embraced it all - the secrecy, the closed doors, the political favors, the near-criminal negligence.
Goldie Hawn|If we can just let go and trust that things will work out they way they're supposed to, without trying to control the outcome, then we can begin to enjoy the moment more fully. The joy of the freedom it brings becomes more pleasurable than the experience itself.
Craig Claiborne|I DON'T KNOW ABOUT YOU, he said, BUT I COULD MURDER A CURRY.
David Bayles, Art and Fear: Observations on the Perils (and Rewards) of Artmaking|There is no ready vocabulary to describe the ways in which artists become artists, no recognition that artists must learn to be who they are (even as they cannot help being who they are.) We have a language that reflects how we learn to paint, but not how we learn to paint our paintings. How do you describe the [reader to place words here] that changes when craft swells to art?"Artists come together with the clear knowledge that when all is said and done, they will return to their studio and practice art alone. Period. That simple truth may be the deepest bond we share. The message across time from the painted bison and the carved ivory seal speaks not of the differences between the makers of that art and ourselves, but of the similarities. Today these similarities lay hidden beneath urban complexity -- audience, critics, economics, trivia -- in a self-conscious world. Only in those moments when we are truly working on our own work do we recover the fundamental connection we share with all makers of art. The rest may be necessary, but it's not art. Your job is to draw a line from your art to your life that is straight and clear.
Chris Carter, The Crucifix Killer|The best criterion by which to decide whether someone has been forced outside the pale of the law is to ask if he would benefit by committing a crime. If a small burglary is likely to improve his legal position, at least temporarily, one may be sure he has been deprived of human rights.
B.A. Gabrielle|A good way to never run out of ideas? Surround yourself with interesting people, then think about how you can make them into characters.
Christopher Dines, Mindfulness Burnout Prevention: An 8-Week Course for Professionals|he knew, unlike most reporters, how to use pauses and the absence of words as effectively as the words themselves.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Life has moments that feel as if the sun has blackened to tar and the entire world turned to ice.  It feels as if Hades and his vile demons have risen from the depths of Tartarus solely for the purpose of banding to personally torture you, and that their genuine intent of mental, emotional, and spiritual anguish is tearing you to shreds.  Your heart weighs as heavily as leaden legs which you would drag yourself forward with if not for the quicksand that pulls you down inch by inch, paralyzing your will and threatening oblivion.  And all the while fire and brimstone pour from the sky, pelting only you.  Truly, that is what it feels like. But that feeling is a trial that won't last forever.  Never give up.
Ron Marz, Witchblade, Volume 8|You're supposed to be made in His image, and yet you're all such ungrateful pieces of filth. You only bow your heads when you want something.
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|Maybe I wanted to have kids because you want to leave behind lessons, leave behind everything that matters to you. That's how you touch the world. But I have to reconsider what it's like to leave a legacy.
John Steinbeck, The Moon Is Down|It strikes me you might place your gifts better. Why should you send powder to a ruffian who will use it to commit crimes? But for the deplorable weakness every one here seems to have for the bandits, they would have disappeared out of Corsica long ago.""The worst men in our country are not those who are 'in the country.'""Give them bread, if it so please you. But I will not have you supply them with ammuni
Roxanne Snopek, The Millionaire Daddy Project|Get married because you can’t imagine another day without talking with that person, because that person makes your day sunnier. Don’t get married because you don’t want to be alone.
Myra McEntire, Hourglass|Hey, bro, do you think you can put Shorty back on her chain?"I stepped forward with my hands on my hips, only slightly intimidated to find Kaleb almost eye level with me when he was seated and I was standing."First of all, no one is the boss of me but me. Secondly, if you ever reference my 'chain' again, I will kick your ass." I jabbed him hard in the chest with my finger. Possibly breaking it. "And thirdly, don't call me Shorty."Kaleb sat silently for a second, his eyes wide as he looked at Michael. "Where did you get her? Can you get me one?"I blew out a loud, frustrated sigh and dropped down beside Michael, who didn't even try to hide his smile. "You should probably apologize to Emerson.""I am sorry." Kaleb grinned at me. "Sorry I didn't meet you first.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|If you rely on others to accomplish something in life, you’ll end up accomplishing nothing.
Sara Ella, Unraveling|Time is, indeed, a strange and wondrous thing. It has no beginning or end, it seems. Time goes on, forward and backward, this way and that. But perspective is an illusion, for we know all things begin somewhere.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Among all the machines, motorcar is my favorite machine.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|A rape victim... a rape victim who fights...They've been violated, made helpless and afraid. It breaks their confidence in the safety of their little world. It makes them afraid." .... "If you don't fight, it's not quite the same. If they make you help, make you cooperate, then it's not clear to you anymore. Is it rape? You feel dirty, violated, and guilty. Most of all guilty because you should have fought. Especially if you're Mercy and you fight everything.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|It's the questions we can't answer that teach us the most. They teach us how to think. If you give a man an answer, all he gains is a little fact. But give him a question and he'll look for his own answers.
Lynn Good|Change is not made without inconvenience, even from worse to better.
Zoe Forward, Protecting His Witch|You’re going to be trouble, aren’t you?”“Not if you give me everything I want.”“We’ll see.
Jeffrey R. Anderson, The Nature of Things - Navigating Everyday Life with Grace|The most important thing for any con artist is never to think like a mark. Marks think they can get something for nothing. Marks think they can get what they don’t deserve and could never deserve. Marks are stupid and pathetic and sad. Marks think they’re going to go home one night and have the girl they’ve loved since they were a kid suddenly love them back. Marks forget that whenever something’s too good to be true, that’s because it’s a con.
Bill Nye|Science is the captain, and practice the soldiers.
Deepak Chopra|I believe in servant leadership, and the servant always asks, 'Where am I needed most?'
Joshua Bell|I was a per diem floater in the same junior high school I went to. I sat in the office and made $42.50 a day, and whenever a teacher was absent, I'd substitute. I taught everything from English to auto shop.
Dillon Burroughs|Our greatest need is not for a better income or a more appealing body, but for salvation.
Kamil Ali, The Initiates|Behind my eyelids, I saw him dancing in spirals of coloured light, emerald, blue, and brilliant purple, enfolding him like the wings of an electric angel.
Grant Morrison, Supergods: What Masked Vigilantes, Miraculous Mutants, and a Sun God from Smallville Can Teach Us About Being Human|It seems to me what is called for is an exquisite balance between two conflicting needs: the most skeptical scrutiny of all hypotheses that are served up to us and at the same time a great openness to new ideas. Obviously those two modes of thought are in some tension. But if you are able to exercise only one of these modes, whichever one it is, you’re in deep trouble.If you are only skeptical, then no new ideas make it through to you. You never learn anything new. You become a crotchety old person convinced that nonsense is ruling the world. (There is, of course, much data to support you.) But every now and then, maybe once in a hundred cases, a new idea turns out to be on the mark, valid and wonderful. If you are too much in the habit of being skeptical about everything, you are going to miss or resent it, and either way you will be standing in the way of understanding and progress.On the other hand, if you are open to the point of gullibility and have not an ounce of skeptical sense in you, then you cannot distinguish the useful as from the worthless ones.
Hubert H. Humphrey|The majority see the obstacles; the few see the objectives; history records the successes of the latter, while oblivion is the reward of the former.
Rob Lowe|Just like any business is a living, breathing thing, an entrepreneur has to be able to adapt over time.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|No, it was not regret which made Anne's heart beat in spite of herself, and brought the colour into her cheeks when she thought of Captain Wentworth unshackled and free. She had some feelings which she was ashamed to investigate. They were too much like joy, senseless joy!
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Though there are many barriers to expressing unreserved love, no such impediments to a developing a loving and generous heart deter a spiritual warrior. He who is without love is bereft of richness of life. Compassion, empathy, kindness, tenderness, and patience are essential for love. Anger, frustration, jealously, greed, and hatred are the antonym to love. When we love other people with all our ferocity, we transcend the misuse, waste, pain, tragedy, death, anguish, erotic obsessions, unaccountable confusion, and self-absorbed personal ambitions that, if left unchecked, numb our earthly existence.
Melika Dannese Lux, Corcitura|The pattern glitters with cruelty. The blue beads are colored with fish blood, the reds with powdered heart. The beads collect in borders of mercy. The yellows are dyed with the ocher of silence. There is no telling which twin will fall asleep first, allowing the other's colors to dominate, for how long. The design grows, the overlay deepens. The beaders have no other order at the heart of their being. Do you know that the beads are sewn onto the fabric of the earth with endless strands of human muscle, human sinew, human hair? We are as crucial to this making as other animals. No more and no less important than the deer.
Dick Cavett|Nothing's ever too fast. Maybe sometimes on the road some people are too fast if they don't know how to control the car, but in racing, the faster and more power and grip, the better it is.
Saurabh Gupta Earth5R|The only way to know the answer is by asking questions. Religion tries to suppress the questions asking (curiosity) because it can threaten its own existence. The truth is out there, go ask for it!
David Platt, Radical: Taking Back Your Faith from the American Dream|I think they'd barely recognize us as brothers and sisters. If we told them, church is on Sundays, and we have an awesome band...if the found out 1/6th of the earth's population claimed to be Christians, I'm not sure they could reconcile the suffering happening on our watch while we're living in excess...But listen, early church, we have a monthly event called 'Mocha chicks', we have choir practice every Wednesday, we organize retreats with door prizes, we're raising $3 million for an outdoor amphitheater, we have catchy t-shirts, we don't smoke or say the f-word, we go to bible study every semester...the local church would be the heartbeat of the city.
Sarah Ockler, Bittersweet|Mom asked for a cupcake miracle? Well, here comes the freaking holy angel of icing, at your service. --
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|Our task and challenge as human beings is to appreciate, in the same instant, both the infinite significance and absolute insignificance of life.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|Girls and women, in their new, particular unfolding, will only in passing imitate men's behavior and misbehavior and follow in male professions. Once the uncertainty of such transitions is over it will emerge that women have only passed through the spectrum and the variety of those (often laughable) disguises in order to purify their truest natures from the distorting influences of the other sex. Women, in whom life abides and dwells more immediately, more fruitfully and more trustingly, are bound to have ripened more thoroughly, become more human human beings, than a man, who is all too light and has not been pulled down beneath the surface of life by the weight of a bodily fruit and who, in his arrogance and impatience, undervalues what he thinks he loves. This humanity which inhabits woman, brought to term in pain and humiliation, will, once she has shrugged off the conventions of mere femininity through the transformations of her outward status, come clearly to light, and men, who today do not yet feel it approaching, will be taken by surprise and struck down by it. One day (there are already reliable signs which speak for it and which begin to spread their light, especially in the northern countries), one day there will be girls and women whose name will no longer just signify the opposite of the male but something in their own right, something which does not make one think of any supplement or limit but only of life and existence: the female human being.This step forward (at first right against the will of the men who are left behind) will transform the experience of love, which is now full of error, alter its root and branch, reshape it into a relation between two human beings and no longer between man and woman. And this more human form of love (which will be performed in infinitely gentle and considerate fashion, true and clear in its creating of bonds and dissolving of them) will resemble the one we are struggling and toiling to prepare the way for, the love that consists in two solitudes protecting, defining and welcoming one another.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|If you get the inside right, the outside will fall into place. Primary reality is within; secondary reality without.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|The beauty of your mind depends on the "make-ups" you use to feed it. A "can-do-spirit" is the best cosmetic. It never fades your mental beauty!
Michael Crichton, Congo|We’re on this planet for too short a time. And at the end of the day, what’s more important? Knowing that a few meaningless figures balanced—or knowing that you were the person you wanted to be?
Paul David Tripp, A Quest For More: Living For Something Bigger than You|I have learned that I will not change the world, Jesus will do that. I can however, change the world for one person. I can change the world for fourteen little girls and for four hundred schoolchildren and for a sick and dying grandmother and for a malnourished, neglected, abused five-year old. And if one persons sees the love of Christ in me, it is worth every minute. In fact, it is worth spending my life for.
Fernando The SpartanGomez|During my time in the military it was always preached that complacency could kill you, literally.Complacency - a feeling of smug or uncritical satisfaction with oneself or one's achievements.In your business and life complacency can kill as well, it can kill your aspirations, your goals, but more importantly it can kill your dreams.Take time to celebrate the wins, but keep moving forward, don't get complacent.
Lauren Cagliola Green, The Visitors|Unicorns are not real, though we still dream about them! DREAM ON!
Charlotte Lamb, Abduction|Words were only an approximation of meaning. The meaning escaped between the words, dissolved, disappeared, like fog fading away between iron bars.
David Hasselhoff|In the animal kingdom, one of the keys to survival is to outwit your enemies. And when you're surrounded by carnivores, one of the best strategies is to fade into the background and disappear.
Erwin Raphael McManus, The Barbarian Way: Unleash the Untamed Faith Within|This is perhaps why so many of us who know love fear love. We know that love is not the absence of pain. If anything, love is the promise of pain. No one has loved more deeply than God. Has anyone ever been more betrayed? God would not know suffering if He did not know love. But because He is Love, He chose to suffer on our behalf. Without love there is no glory in suffering.
J.M. Coetzee, Disgrace|No injustice ever takes place in this universe. Whatsoever happens is always just and right, for there is no human being sitting up there doing either justice or injustice. The universe is ruled by certain laws, and these laws constitute religion.
Andrew Furst, Western Lights: A Collection of Essays on Buddhism|To be free, to come to terms with our lives, we have to have a direct experience of ourselves as we really are, warts and all.
Yasmina Khadra, Dieu n'habite pas La Havane|Celui qui se relève de ses faux pas aura gagné l'estime des dieux. De toutes les couleurs qu'on lui en a fait voir, il construira un arc-en-ciel.
Anthony F. Jorm|Don't worry, everyone is mentally ill, they just haven’t figured out a name for yours yet.
Maureen Johnson, The Name of the Star|In the great cities we see so little of the world, we drift into our minority. In the little towns and villages there are no minorities; people are not numerous enough. You must see the world there, perforce. Every man is himself a class; every hour carries its new challenge. When you pass the inn at the end of the village you leave your favourite whimsy behind you; for you will meet no one who can share it. We listen to eloquent speaking, read books and write them, settle all the affairs of the universe. The dumb village multitudes pass on unchanging; the feel of the spade in the hand is no different for all our talk: good seasons and bad follow each other as of old. The dumb multitudes are no more concerned with us than is the old horse peering through the rusty gate of the village pound. The ancient map-makers wrote across unexplored regions, 'Here are lions.' Across the villages of fishermen and turners of the earth, so different are these from us, we can write but one line that is certain, 'Here are ghosts.' ("Village Ghosts")
O.R. Melling|To run with the wolf was to run in the shadows, the dark ray of life, survival and instinct. A fierceness that was both proud and lonely, a tearing, a howling, a hunger and thirst. Blessed are they who hunger and thirst. A strength that would die fighting, kicking, screaming, that wouldn't stop until the last breath had been wrung from its body. The will to take one's place in the world. To say 'I am here.' To say 'I am.
Jimmy Carter|Computers themselves, and software yet to be developed, will revolutionize the way we learn.
Hugh Jackman|It's all about balance, and I have so much happiness in my career and am fortunate to travel the world and see so many amazing things - it will also be nice to be anchored to something grounded and in the same place. Raising a family will be a wonderful part of that.
Chester Nimitz|I asked God for strength that I might achieve. I was made weak that I might learn to obey. I asked for health that I might do greater things. I was given infirmity that I might do better things. I asked for riches that I might be happy. I was given poverty that I might be wise. I asked for power that I might have the praise of men. I was given weakness that I might feel the need of God. I asked for all things that I might enjoy life. I was given life that I might enjoy all things. I got nothing that I asked for, but everything I hoped for. Almost despite myself, my unspoken prayers were answered. I am, among all men, most richly blessed.
Neil Strauss, Emergency: This Book Will Save Your Life|True endurance, I think, comes from the inside. It comes from motivation and belief in what you're doing.
Geraldine Brooks, Year of Wonders|The simple rule: some get saved, but most don't. The choices are important before the years begin to go so very fast.
Stephen King, Rita Hayworth and Shawshank Redemption: A Story from Different Seasons|Some birds are not meant to be caged, that's all. Their feathers are too bright, their songs too sweet and wild. So you let them go, or when you open the cage to feed them they somehow fly out past you. And the part of you that knows it was wrong to imprison them in the first place rejoices, but still, the place where you live is that much more drab and empty for their departure.
Richard Ford, The Sportswriter|People surprise you, Frank, with just how fuckin stupid they are.
Ed Lynskey, Smoking on Mount Rushmore: 16 New & Selected Short Stories|Payne sought clarification. “Vertical or horizontal?”“Horizontal, of course.”“Sorry but I can’t help you.” “Will you pipe down for a minute? Naturally she was dead since I work at a cemetery. Her face struck a chord though. So, I rummaged around in the old Rory memory bank, and Emily is what rings a bell. Didn’t we go to school with an Emily? Tenth or eleventh grade, if I recall it correctly.
Israelmore Ayivor, How You Can Write Your Dream Book|One alphabet at a time, you can write an encyclopaedia. One word at a time, you can publish an entire library.
Bernhard Schlink, The Reader|Why? Why does what was beautiful suddenly shatter in hindsight because it concealed dark truths? Why does the memory of years of happy marriage turn to gall when our partner is revealed to have had a lover all those years? Because such a situation makes it impossible to be happy? But we were happy! Sometimes the memory of happiness cannot stay true because it ended unhappily. Because happiness is only real if it lasts forever? Because things always end painfully if they contained pain, conscious or unconscious, all along? But what is unconscious, unrecognized pain?
Edward J. Young, E. Young Commentary: Daniel (Geneva Series of Commentaries)|I'm not praying for an easy life,but for God to give me strength to overcome life's circumstances
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Allow your natural personality to shine through without pretending to be someone you're not, or you may be stuck with that label forever.
Sunday Adelaja|He could follow someone’s mind around, and get where it was going before the other fellow knew where it was going.
Douglas MacArthur|Preemption is the right of any nation in order to preserve its National Security; however, preemptive war is a tactic, not a strategy. When used as a strategy preemption dilutes diplomacy, creates an atmosphere of distrust, and promotes regional instability.
Saint Augustine|Peace is a day-to-day problem, the product of a multitude of events and judgments. Peace is not an 'is,' it is a 'becoming.'
Dorothy L. Sayers, Unnatural Death|…After all, it isn't really difficult to write books. Especially if you either write a rotten story in good English or a good story in rotten English, which is as far as most people seem to get nowadays.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|With God, the fear of failure is slain cold by success that is already hot on the way.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|This is a roadside attraction,' said Wednesday. 'One of the finest. Which means it is a place of power.
Larken Rose|There is nothing virtuous or noble about being "tolerant" of people whose attitudes and behaviors you approve of. If you don't defend the freedom of even those individuals whose attitudes and behaviors you find disgusting, narrow-minded and offensive, then you are not tolerant. To "tolerate" doesn't mean you like it or approve of it; it means only that you ALLOW it to EXIST--i.e., you refrain from violently interfering. The people who look to "government" to FORCE people to be "nice" are not tolerant.
Johann Kaspar Lavater|A vigorous mind shut out from outer stimuli finds in this circumstance the time to develop leisurely, finds a freedom from distraction that leads to clear views of life and a proper expression.
Marilyn Ferguson|We're in the last days, man - I truly, in my heart, believe that. It's written. I could go on with biblical situations and things my grandma told me. But it's about being at peace with myself and making good with the people around me.
Samantha Chase, Wildest Dreams|I've been thinking about this all day," he said between kisses. "All. Day."Who was she kidding? She'd been harboring this fantasy for weeks. And then in a move that was becoming her 'thing', Alesha leaned back and pulled her sweater over her head and gave Reece a sexy smile. "Was this part of what you were thinking?"His hands came up and cupped her breasts, his breath ragged, but his eyes were on hers. "This is better.
Timothy Findley|I would have dearly liked to close the French doors between us for a bit of peace, but Mam wouldn't allow it; she said that solitude would give me ideas and the last thing a boy of my age needed was ideas.
Melika Dannese Lux, Corcitura|My view of writing "Coldest Girl in Coldtown" was to take every single thing that I loved from every vampire book I had ever read and dump it into one book--everything I like--trying to evoke some of the decadence… Vampires are a high-class monster: They want to dress up. They want to drink a lot of absinthe, or force their victims to drink a lot of absinthe. They have big parties and have elegant rituals. I think that's a thing we associate with vampires--they are the royalty of our monsters. We expect them to be rich, we expect them to be well-dressed. I wanted to have some of that be true because I like it, and have some of it not be true because it's kind of weird.I wanted to put in the idea of infection, which I was really interested in and which was a big feature of the vampire books I read growing up. And, the fear and desire for infection--the way in which our urge towards loving vampires is nihilistic. Our fear of them is our survival instincts kicking in.
S G|He lived decades ago,she lives at the moment.A very saddening reality for her.
Dianna Hardy, The Demon Bride|Every sacred mission, every hunt for hidden relics, every pilgrimage from one end of the earth to the other … I was looking for you.
Catherine Deveny, The Happiness Show|I tried that too, you know. After ... my family was murdered, and I was waiting for justice, I tried to hide inside a bottle. But some men, Tony, [..] are not small enough to fit into a bottle.
Vironika Tugaleva|You want to fix yourself, change yourself, become someone better. But what about who you already are? You want to craft a mask to wear—something to cover your face. But you already have a face. You are already something. Your task, as a human being, is not self-augmentation, but self-discovery. Look at yourself with curiosity. Let yourself explore your interests. Delve into your talents. Face your fears. Accept your faults, and give yourself unconditional love.By learning to explore yourself, you will naturally become the best version of yourself. Of course, you invent your life, but you do not invent your passions. Some things, you must create, and others you must discover.Learn to be curious about yourself. Then, you will be on the right path.
Tom Rath, How Full Is Your Bucket?|...[E]ven I know that being a parent is awful ninety-five percent of the time...As far as I can tell, it's that last five percent that keeps the human race from dying out. Four parts blinding terror, one part perfection. It's like mainlining heroin. One taste of life on that edge and you're hooked.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|We have a choice. We can be jaded by what we’ve lost, or joyous over what that thing had accomplished while we had it.
Sengcan|The Perfect Way is only difficult for those who pick and choose;Do not like, do not dislike; all will then be clear.Make a hairbreadth difference, and Heaven and Earth are set 
David Vann, Aquarium|Maybe this is as near as we can come to forgiveness. Not the past wiped away, nothing undone, but some willingness in the present, some recognition and embrace and slowing down.
Naveen Jain|My first synthesizer was the VCS3. I got it in Bristol in the late Sixties, long before Pink Floyd used them. I had to sell an acoustic guitar and an old reel-to-reel tape recorder to raise the money. You can do fantastic things with modern computers, but you cannot use them in the same intuitive, spontaneous way you can a VCS3.
Albert Camus, Notebooks, 1935-1951|No one ever reads a book. He reads himself through books, either to discover or to control himself.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Your expertise elevates your impressions to an entirely new realm. When you have paid the price, earned the right, and done the homework to be called an expert, people will be impressed.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|Sandwich outdoors isn’t a sandwich anymore. Tastes different than indoors, notice? Got more spice. Tastes like mint and pinesap. Does wonders for the appetite.
Rick Riordan, The Demigod Files|Grover: It’s a very sweet love story. I get misty-eyed every time I play it. So does Percy, but I think that’s because he’s laughing at me.
Dada Bhagwan|When there is no overt [outward] or subtle inner restlessness, it is indeed the state of internal peace. If the chit (inner component of knowledge and vision) concentrates on the external, inner peace breaks down. It is because of the external focus that this world has arisen.
Saaif Alam|If you are a person that is willing to fulfill your reputation becoming famous, you should feel optimistic about your goals.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slapstick, or Lonesome No More!|Pearls' burst out the Snork Maiden excitedly. 'Could ankle rings be made out of pearls?''I should think they could,' said Moomintoll. 'Ankle-rings, and nose-rings and ear-rings and engagement rings...
Josh Stern, And That's Why I'm Single: What Good Is Having A Lucky Horseshoe Up Your Butt When The Horse Is Still Attached?|If God meant for us to carry baggage around, he would have made our skin have little pouches like kangaroos. Or maybe he would have just made it so that each and every one of us were born with huge- ass shoulders to carry the load. Clearly, we weren’t made to carry the weight of the world, kinda makes you wonder why we do it anyway, huh?
Tim Harford, The Logic of Life: The Rational Economics of an Irrational World|The world's most primitive people have few possessions, but they are not poor. Poverty is not a certain small amount of goods, nor is it just a relation between means and ends; above all it is a relation between people. Poverty is a social status. As such it is the invention of civilization.
Fahad Rashiq|Injurious Personis not the Person who got Hurt,Its the person who Learned.
Michael Tianias|Christ is with you. Do not abandon Him and He will not abandon you. You will see great sorrow, and in that sorrow you will be happy. This is my last message to you: in sorrow seek happiness. Work, work unceasingly.
Charles Spurgeon|Being an astronaut is a wonderful career. I feel very privileged. But what I really hope for young people is that they find a career they're passionate about, something that's challenging and worthwhile.
George Bernard Shaw|Some people need Hell. If you’re the type of guy who sees a hooker in an alleyway and instinctively thinks, “Hey, now there’s something I could rape and kill without any consequences,” then the concept of Hell might really keep you out of trouble.
Sheri L. Dew|If we have built on the fragile cornerstones of human wisdom, pride, and conditional love, things may look good for a while, but a weak foundation causes collapse when storms hit.
Holly Smale, Picture Perfect|The sad fact is, there are 7.220.400.641 people on the planet, but right now I haven't got a single one to talk to.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|In the kingdom of glass everything is transparent, and there is no place to hide a dark heart.
bell hooks, Killing Rage: Ending Racism|I’m not that kind of Indian,” Shanti said, her practiced smile never leaving her face, though it faltered just a bit, and in that slight wobble was something hard and angry, something that looked like centuries of colonial oppression boiling up into an I’m-going-to-kick-your-ass-in-this-pageant-and-then-take-over-all-your-beauty-out-sourcing-needs hatred.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Choosing life is always messy. But it is there in the messiness, in the conflicted and often confused ways we live our lives, that we can learn how much mercy matters to us all.
Haroutioun Bochnakian|There are so many things we do in life that define the real meaning of our lives. There are so many ideas that come to us each moment of time. There are so many things we conceive each day which give birth to things that define who we are and how we are living life. Everybody knows something and everybody thinks about something! A true value of our lives is not just in what we conceive each moment of time, but also in how we nurture and give life to what we conceive, against all odds, to give birth to something that defines who we are and who we become in the end!
Gloria Naylor, Mama Day|Only now, when it is too late, do I long for Dearth. I was a misbegotten child of bad blood and bile, and I mistook my own orneriness for cleverness. I presumed to know what happiness was - something I could possess, like a marble, or a man. Something I could only find elsewhere. But just when I started to find it at home, I outfoxed myself and lost it forever.
Osho|With me, illusions are bound to be shattered. I am here to shatter all illusions. Yes, it will irritate you, it will annoy you - that's my way of functioning and working. I will sabotage you from your very roots! Unless you are totally destroyed as a mind, there is no hope for you.
Nicole Ari Parker|As anyone who has ever been around a cat for any length of time well knows, cats have enormous patience with the limitations of the human kind.
Zack Love, Stories and Scripts: an Anthology|She had to get used to her new name, The Drummer. Twelfth, and last in line, but on a good note, she had the most money, and more importantly, she was alive.
Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose|For centuries, as pope and emperor tore each other apart in their quarrels over power, the excluded went on living on the fringe, like lepers, of whom true lepers are only the illustration ordained by God to make us understand this wondrous parable, so that in saying 'lepers' we would understand 'outcast, poor, simple, excluded, uprooted from the countryside, humiliated in the cities.' But we did not understand; the mystery of leprosy has continued to haunt us because we have not recognized the nature of the sign.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Don't, but if at all, then, lie to the whole damn world - never to your own damn, silly stupid self.
Todd Russell, Mental Shrillness|in Vancouver BC and drive south to a town named Medina, north of Bellingham, Washington.
Erik Tomblin, Riverside Blues|Do ghosts drink tea?They don't, said Tansey. But this ghost would love to see a cup of tea in front of her. It'd be lovely.
Thomas Hardy, Jude the Obscure|Through creativity, we are seamlessly connected and sustained as we pullback the veil, revealing beneath our differences and distinctive characteristics,human expression and the human experience are universal. It is the greatnessof this experience that connects us together by infinite invisible threads strewnacross the globe. This is my responsibility, passion and desire as an artist—mysoul purpose.
Rachel Hawkins, Spell Bound|We're going to the Underworld," Izzy said. She bounced a little as she said it, her eyes bright and her tone implying that "the Underworld" was akin to "Candy Land.
Andrew Ashling, The Invisible Hands - Part 2: Castling|But I found signs of their trespass: a burned patch planted with a fistful of grain, a tree felled or stripped of fruit, a deer strung up in a snare. I never saw a poacher. They were too cunning, and for cause: the foresters would take a man's hands and eyes and leave him to the mercy of the wolves for such an offense. It was bad enough to steal the king's game, but snares were an abomnination. The gods abhor weapons that leave the hand, coward' weapons such as javelins, bows and arrows, slings. No man or beast should die by such means.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|But Amarantha rolled her eyes and slouched in her throne. “Shatter him, Rhysand.” She flicked a hand at the High Lord of the Summer Court. “You may do what you want with the body afterward.”The High Lord of the Summer Court bowed—as if he’d been given a gift—and looked to his subject, who had gone still and calm on the floor, hugging his knees. The male faerie was ready—relieved.Rhys slipped a hand out of his pocket, and it dangled at his side. I could have sworn phantom talons flickered there as his fingers curled slightly.“I’m growing bored, Rhysand,” Amarantha said with a sigh, again fiddling with that bone. She hadn’t looked at me once, too focused on her current prey.Rhysand’s fingers curled into a fist.The faerie male’s eyes went wide—then glazed as he slumped to the side in the puddle of his own waste. Blood leaked from his nose, from his ears, pooling on the floor.That fast—that easily, that irrevocably … he was dead.“I said shatter his mind, not his brain,” Amarantha snapped.The crowd murmured around me, stirring. I wanted nothing more than to fade back into it—to crawl back into my cell and burn this from my mind. Tamlin hadn’t flinched—not a muscle. What horrors had he witnessed in his long life if this hadn’t broken that distant expression, that control?Rhysand shrugged, his hand sliding back into his pocket. “Apologies, my queen.” He turned away without being dismissed, and didn’t look at me as he strode for the back of the throne room. I fell into step beside him, reining in my trembling, trying not to think about the body sprawled behind us, or about Clare—still nailed to the wall.The crowd stayed far, far back as we walked through it. “Whore,” some of them softly hissed at him, out of her earshot; “Amarantha’s whore.” But many offered tentative, appreciative smiles and words—“Good that you killed him; good that you killed the traitor.
Shelly Bell, Tornado Allie|Ryan couldn't believe his eyes. Gran wearing leather chaps in a Harley shop, talking about her ass. It was a living nightmare."What am I doing here?" he asked Gran. Before he could read her the riot act on safety, Liz stepped in front of him. Her pink shirt was buttoned all the way to the top and tucked into ironed white pants. Her hair was straight and perfect. He had the strangest urge to muss her up.
James Jean-Pierre|Don’t be like everyone else and pawn your dreams for pennies, because they’ll never give you what it’s truly worth.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|I am all in a sea of wonders. I doubt; I fear; I think strange things, which I dare not confess to my own soul.
Kamil Ali, The Initiates|Perception, influenced by experience and knowledge creates an acceptable level of reality.
Válgame, Zori 2ª Parte|Who is the most worthy of admiration, musician or audience?Probably the musician will tell that his audience and the musician that his audience
J.K. Rowling|Imagination is not only the uniquely human capacity to envision that which is not, and therefore the fount of all invention aand innovation. In its arguably most transformative and revelatory capacity, it is the power that enables us to empathise with humans whose experiences we have never shared. Unlike any other creature on this planet, humans can learn and understand, without having experienced. They can think themselves into other people's minds, imagine themselves into other people's places.And many prefer not to exercise their imaginations at all. They choose to remain comfortably within the bounds of their own experience, never troubling to wonder how it would feel to have been born other than they are. They can close their minds and hearts to any suffering that does not touch them personally; they can refuse to know.
Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep|If I talk about her like she’s a beingIt’s because talking about her I need to use the language of menWhich gives personality to things,And imposes a name on things.
Cezmi Ersöz|Where do people...and why do people...have to wait, and what tends to happen when they do? So far, I have one observation to offer. It seems that waiting is a crucible. It tests us. It's when God's people have to wait that they get in trouble. The alternative to waiting for God is idolatry.
Muhammad Talha|The longer you hold on to your anger, the more damage & harm it can do. But I think life should have given us someone who could understand every feeling we hide behind our smile. A best friend maybe.... Someone, you feel comfortable with.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Hard talk punch thought. Hard talk penetrate the heart. A hard talk opens jaws. Hard talk make us ponder to wonder. It is always hard to hear the hard talk that speaks the truth and reality but, such a hard talk is always a hard talk!
Stanley Victor Paskavich|We're all pieces of the same ever-changing puzzle;some connected for mere seconds, some connected for life,some connected through knowledge, some through belief,some connected through wisdom, some through Love, and some connected with no explanation at all. Yet, as spiritual beings having a human experience, we're all here for the sensations this reality or illusion has to offer. The best anyone can hope for is the right to be able to Live, Learn, Love then Leave. After that, reap the benefits of their own chosen existence in the hereafter by virtue of simply believing in what they believe. As for here, it took me a while but this progression helped me with my life: "I like myself. I Love myself. I am myself.
Isabel Allende, Daughter of Fortune|And everyone lived happily, thought maybe not completely honestly, ever after. The End.
Marc Bolan|Book after book, I get hooked, every time the writer talks to me like a friend.
Emma Watson|I threw my 20th birthday party at Brown, and I didn’t even have to say to anyone not to put pictures on Facebook. Not a single picture went up. That was when I knew I’d found a solid group of friends, and I felt like I belonged.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore|The winds and seas, the powers of water and earth an light, all that these do, and all that the beasts and green things do, is well done, and rightly done. All these act within the Equilibrium. From the hurricane and the great whale's sounding to the fall of a dry leaf and the gnat's flight, all they do is done within the balance of the whole. But we, insofar as we have power over the world and over one another, we must learn to do what the leaf and the whale and the wind do of their own nature. We must learn to keep the balance. Having intelligence, we must not act in ignorance. Having choice, we must not act without responsibility.
H.S. Crow, Lunora and the Monster King|People think that I'm a nice guy.The truth is that I'm so nasty that I don't allow anyone else to hate me, except myself.
Carl Sandburg, Cornhuskers|The heart doth recognise thee,Alone, alone! The heart doth smell thee sweet,Doth view thee fair, doth judge thee most complete,—-Though seeing now those changes that disguise thee.
Parker S. Huntington, Asher Black|What you're experiencing isn't a dry spell. It's a dust bowl. Tell me, do you find cob webs in there every time you get yourself off?
L.K. Elliott, Confessions of an Ex Hot Mess|I like to compare my mental stress capacity to a dinner plate. Most people have moderate amounts of stress in their life, like a nice balanced meal. The food represents different stresses that occur in our lives, past and present.
Amanda Lindhout|Eating well was something I learned as I started to be successful and had to travel and perform concerts, which are an intense cardio workout.
Mervyn Peake, Gormenghast|How merciful a thing is man's ignorance of his immediate future! What a ghastly, paralysing thing it would have been if all those present could have known what was about to happen within a matter of seconds! For nothing short of pre-knowledge could have stopped the occurrence, so suddenly it sprang upon them.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|I'm not looking for things to be even between us, Brooke," Ryan said after a moment. "I'm looking for them to be right.
Ray Bradbury|Remember: Plot is no more than footprints left in the snow after your characters have run by on their way to incredible destinations. Plot is observed after the fact rather than before. It cannot precede action. It is the chart that remains when an actionis through. That is all Plot ever should be. It is human desire letrun, running, and reaching a goal. It cannot be mechanical. It canonly be dynamic. So, stand aside, forget targets, let the characters, your fingers, body, blood, and heart do.
R.A.Delmonico|Religion is doing, spirituality is being.
Jean-Paul Sartre, No Exit and Three Other Plays|We are, for all our polish, of littlestature, and, as human lives,compared with authentic martyrs,of no account.
Jennifer Ho-Dougatz|You will live to love again. You know you have lost your springtime girl, your Molly on the beach with the wind in her brown hair and red cloak. You have been gone too long from her, and too much has befallen you both. And what you loved, what both of you truly loved, was not each other. It was the time of your life. It was the spring of your years, and life running strong in you, and war on your doorstep and your strong, perfect bodies. Look back, in truth. You will find you recall fully as many quarrels and tears as you do lovemaking and kisses. Fitz. Be wise. Let her go, and keep those memories intact. Save what you can of her, and let her keep what she can of the wild and daring boy she loved. Because both he and that merry little miss are no more than memories anymore." She shook her head. "No more than memories.
Robert McCammon, Swan Song|Here is Belladonna, the Lady of the Rocks,	The lady of situations.Here is the man with three staves, and here the Wheel,	And here is the one-eyed merchant, and this card,	Which is blank, is something he carries on his back,	Which I am forbidden to see. I do not find	The Hanged Man. Fear death by water.
Jeaniene Frost, Halfway to the Grave|You're not a woman," he said finally. "You're the Grim Reaper with red hair!
z.g.barwa|Never judge people based on their nationality, religion, race, gender, skin colour or look. Humans are all the same. They’re God’s loving children." Angel of Hope
Charles Henry Brent, What Is Dying?|What is dying?I am standing on the seashore.A ship sails to the morning breeze and starts for the ocean.She is an object and I stand watching herTill at last she fades from the horizon,And someone at my side says, “She is gone!” Gone where?Gone from my sight, that is all;She is just as large in the masts, hull and spars as she was when I saw her,And just as able to bear her load of living freight to its destination.The diminished size and total loss of sight is in me, not in her;And just at the moment when someone at my side says, “She is gone”,There are others who are watching her coming,And other voices take up a glad shout,“There she comes” – and that is dying.
Arundhati Roy, The Ministry of Utmost Happiness|Trees raised their naked, mottled branches to the sky like mourners stilled in attitudes of grief.
Mahatma Gandhi, The Story of My Experiments With Truth|When every hope is gone, 'when helpers fail and comforts flee,' I find that help arrives somehow, from I know not where. Supplication, worship, prayer are no superstition; they are acts more real than the acts of eating, drinking, sitting or walking. It is no exaggeration to say that they alone are real, all else is unreal.
Gusty McCabe, The Most Important Critter in the Whole Wide World: Why the Coyote Howls at Night|Gusty McCabe, tha's m' name and tellin' stories, tha's m' game, If they all ain't true I ain't t' blame, I'll tell 'em all just the same.
Hélder Câmara|After the collapse of socialism, capitalism remained without a rival. This unusual situation unleashed its greedy and - above all - its suicidal power. The belief is now that everything - and everyone - is fair game.
Paul  Collins|You laugh at me because I'm different, I laugh at you because you're all the same.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|Dare not say that man forgets sooner than woman, that his love has an earlier death.
Karen Kingsbury, Love Story|And like that, the decades disappeared and the memory of that night came to life again. The way John had known it would. He didn't fight it, didn't work to stay in the here and now. If he was going to go back, then he wanted to relive it. All of it.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|There are two ways of being rich—have a lot, or want very little. The latter way is the easier for most.
Natascha Kampusch, 3,096 Days|That day wasn't the first time I had attempted suicide. Simply disappearing into the distant nothingness where there was no pain and no more feelings - back then I thought it an act of empowerment. Otherwise I had very little power to make any decisions about my life, my body, my actions. Taking my own life seemed my last trump card.
Steve Maraboli|Resolutions: So many will fail; NOT because they didn't set goals, but because they didn't set behaviors.
Barbara Becker Holstein, Next Year in Jerusalem!: Romance, Mystery and Spiritual Awakenings|Natalie was bored in her marriage. At first she could hardly admit it to herself. After all, they were a perfect match: similar backgrounds, same religion, similar professions (she was a school psychologist, he was a psychology professor). Didn't all the research suggest that the more you have in common, the more likely you are to succeed as a couple? Yet, those feelings of boredom were definitely surfacing. David wasn't as exciting as he used to be. He was so busy with all of his professorial assignments. Plus, he's head of the department. Where were all those easy fun days they used to have?
Jelena Pantić, Journey to the Center of the Heart|People whose eyes shine are happy to be alive. They see life and it’s glory even when things aren’t easy.And because they see life, even through all the problems and obstacles, their eyes shine.
Judith McKay, When Anger Hurts: Quieting the Storm Within|Experimental studies consistently point out that the popular remedy for anger, ventilation, is really worse than useless. In fact, the reverse seems to be true: expressing anger tends to make you even angrier and solidifies an angry attitude.
Philippe Cousteau, Jr.|Like the other great revolutions, an environmental revolution will require sacrifices and lead to enormous gains. It, too, will change the face of the land and human institutions, hierarchies, self-definitions, cultures. It will take centuries. If it happens. There is no guarantee, of course.
Bennet Omalu|My mother was making $135 a week, but she had resilience and imagination. She might take frozen vegetables, cook them with garlic, onion and Spam, and it would taste like a four-star dinner.
Ed Kirwan, The Three Ravens|For it cannot be denied that all over the world and in all ages there are beings who are perceived to be extraordinary, charming, and appealing, and whom many honor as benevolent spirits, because they make one think of a more beautiful, a freer, a more winged life than the one we lead.
Iain M. Banks, The State of the Art|The big weekend rush is on. The big city emptying itself out at once. Just a skeleton crew left to keep it going until Monday morning. Everybody getting out - everybody but me, everybody but those who are coming here for me tonight. We're going to have the whole damned town to ourselves.("New York Blues")
Jerry Spinelli, Eggs|The good news, however, is that, also contrary to popular belief, full and lasting recovery from an eating disorder is possible.
Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|I wish she’d said something different, but patriarchy is as prevalent around the world as racism and xenophobia are. We can’t hide from it, not even here.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Being Peace|Writing is a blurred mirror. Sometimes we work harder to see how we are reflected, but often we avert our gaze from the shadowy image.
Amy Harmon, From Sand and Ash|With our hands, we reach for things we shouldn't have and we grasp what isn't ours. The way I have always reached for you.
Kindle Alexander, Full Disclosure|She had opened the refrigerator door and was looking at her supply of frozen microwave dinners with an expression of distaste when the doorman buzzed. Deciding to forget about dinner, something she'd done too often lately, she depressed the switch. "Yes, Dennis?"	"Mr. Payne and Mr. McCoy are here to see you, Ms. Granger," Dennis said smoothly. "From the FBI."	"What?" Jay asked, startled, sure she'd misunderstood.	Dennis repeated the message, but the words remained the same.	She was totally dumbfounded. "Send them up," she said, because she didn't know what else to do. FBI? What on earth? Unless slamming your apartment door was somehow against federal law, the worst she could be accused of was tearing the tags off her mattress and pillows. Well, why not? This was a perfectly rotten end to a perfectly rotten day.
Kenneth Cain, Emergency Sex (And Other Desperate Measures): True Stories from a War Zone|Enmeshed in collective hatred and anger, each side proclaims the crimes of the other and its own righteousness, is unable to listen to the others suffering, and cannot look at the deeper roots of the conflict and how we often need our enemies in order to maintain our rigid identities. (p. 53)
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|Dads. Do you not realize that your child needs to feel your skin on his? Do you not realize the incredible and powerful bond that skin on skin contact with your daughter will give you? Do you not understand the permanent mental connections that are made when you stroke your son’s bare back or rub your daughter’s bare tummy while you tell bedtime stories? And if any idiot says anything about that being inappropriate, you’re gonna get kicked in the face, first by me, and then by every other good dad out there. Touching your child is your duty as a father.
R.D. Ronald, The Zombie Room|I used to do drugs, but don't tell anyone because it'll ruin my image.
Emily Arden, Lie to me: Deception: Book Two|Almost all the time, you tell yourself you're loving somebody when you're just using them.
Sunday Adelaja|Coming from where we do, it’s a rough adjustment—living here.” He put a hesitant hand on her shoulder, his calluses scratching against the fabric of her dress. “It’s true what they say about life in the dark ages, you know: nasty, brutish, and short. You and I once took it for granted we would die as old people in our beds, but we have no such assurance now. I’ll help you how I can, Isabella; but I can’t guarantee that either of us will live even to see tomorrow. Life is worth fighting for, young lady. But don’t feel it is something you’re owed.
Israelmore Ayivor, You Can Rise|The moment you try working on what appears difficult to you, you will start noticing it’s loopholes that you can breakthrough.
Sarah Lloyd, An Indian Attachment|And then the blue eyes, with gentleness, scanned all her new-made body and came to rest on her eyes. 'I have begun to eat,' said Francis Crawford. 'And I have begun to slake my thirst. But in you I have found a banquet under the heavens that will serve me for ever.
Mark Gorman|Not all dreamers are winners, but all winners are dreamers. Your dream is the key to your future. The Bible says that, "without a vision (dream), a people perish." You need a dream, if you're going to succeed in anything you do.
Auliq Ice|Make every day count, because you're never promised a next day.
Arthur Schopenhauer, The Basis of Morality|Petting, scratching, and cuddling a dog could be as soothing to the mind and heart as deep meditation and almost as good for the soul as prayer.
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|Today I make time to release any burdens that I carry. One by one I release them into the atmosphere, until my body is in a complete state of calm
William Crawford Gorgas, Sanitation in Panama|I am not a snob, because I know opulence doesn't stamp out ignorance and unhappiness.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Reclined legs don't get fed, they get limp like boiled spaghetti. Walk it out!
Pearl S. Buck|If you have a good name  if you are right more often than you are wrong  if your children respect you  if your grandchildren are glad to see you  if your friends can count on you and you can count on them in time of trouble  if you can face your God and say "I have done my best " then you are a success.
Rob Reiner|Ultimately all you can do is fix yourself. And that's a lot. Because if you can fix yourself, it has a ripple effect
Sunday Adelaja|God is going to lift you up higher, day by day and from prayer to prayer.
Rebecca McNutt|For the first time, in that night alive with signs and stars, I opened myself to the gentle indifference of the world. Finding it so much like myself—so like a brother really—I felt that I had been happy and that I was happy again.
Victor Methos|One of the arguments that authoritarian governments use to ward off the call for greater political freedom is to argue that American-style democracy is no guarantee of good policy.... Over the years, I’ve grown used to these arguments, and my response has rarely wavered: Sure, we might make dumb choices sometimes, but we will defend, to the end, the right to make choices at all, because we believe that our collective conscience, freely expressed, will eventually lead us in the right direction. When it comes to guns, it is getting harder to muster that argument abroad. Every new shooting, every new failure of will and citizenship, slashes another hole in our credibility as a way of life.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|When you know every well what to do and how to do it, your attitude determines how well you will have it done!
Matt Groening|What bothers most critics of my work is the goofiness. One reviewer said I need to make up my mind if want to be funny or serious. My response is that I will make up my mind when God does, because life is a commingling of the sacred and the profane, good and evil. To try and separate them is fallacy.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Walk, act and speak in confident.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|To find out if there is actually such freedom one must be aware of one's own conditioning, of the problems, of the monotonous shallowness, emptiness, insufficiency of one's daily life, and above all one must be aware of fear. One must be aware of oneself neither introspectively nor analytically, but actually be aware of oneself as one is and see if it is at all possible to be entirely free of all those issues that seem to clog the mind.To explore, there must be freedom, not at the end, but right at the beginning. Unless one is free one cannot explore, investigate or examine. Two things are essential: freedom and the act of learning. One cannot learn about oneself unless one is free, free so that one can observe, not according to any pattern, formula or convept, but actually observe oneself as one is.
Paul Ryan|Because I have work to care about, it is possible that I may be less difficult to get along with than other women when the double chins start to form.
Benedict Cumberbatch|I'm a Prince of Wales Trust ambassador, so I'm all about giving youth an education, a voice and a chance to not take the wrong road.
Jennifer McKeithen, Atlantis On the Tides of Destiny|Let the colours of your ideas are red so that all can easily notice them! And what is red? Red is scream, red is power, red is assertion!
Derek Landy, Mortal Coil|She had been a teenager once, and she knew that, despite the apparent contradictions, a person's teenage years lasted well into their fifties.
Dillon Burroughs, Hunger No More: A 1-Year Devotional Journey Through the Psalms|If not for love, then what else?
James W. Loewen|Consider how textbooks treat Native religions as a unitary whole. ... "These Native Americans ... believed that nature was filled with spirits. Each form of life, such as plants and animals, had a spirit. Earth and air held spirits too. People were never alone. They shared their lives with the spirits of nature." ... Stated flatly like this, the beliefs seem like make-believe, not the sophisticated theology of a higher civilization. Let us try a similarly succinct summary of the beliefs of many Christians today: "These Americans believed that one great male god ruled the world. Sometimes they divided him into three parts, which they called father, son, and holy ghost. They ate crackers and wine or grape juice, believing that they were eating the son's body and drinking his blood. If they believed strongly enough, they would live on forever after they 
Sheila Heti, How Should a Person Be?|Usually it`s like this: I sit down and drink with the idea of clarifying just where I am going with my life, and then, after a while, I am unable even to stand on my feet
Antonia Fraser, Mary Queen of Scots|Darnley, who, like Banquo's ghost, seemed to play a much more effective part in Scottish politics once he was dead than when he was alive.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Die, very good, but do not make others die. Suicides like the one which is about to take place here are sublime, but suicide is restricted, and does not allow of extension; and so soon as it affects your neighbors, suicide becomes murder.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|In the Hebrew language, there is no distinction between knowing and doing. Knowing is doing and doing is knowing. In other words, if you aren't doing it, then you don't really know it...The phrase all out literally means "maximum effort."It's giving God everything you've got -- 100 percent. It's loving God with all your heart, soul, mind and strength. It's not just worshiping God with your words. It's worshiping God with blood, sweat, and tears. It's more than sincere sentiments. It's sweat equity in kingdom causes.You cannot be the hands and feet of Jesus if you're sitting on your butt.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Ron: [mimicking Hermione] "It's Levi-OOOOH-sa not LevioSAR." She's a nightmare, honestly. It's no wonder she hasn't got any friends!
Moses Mendelssohn|To seduce a woman famous for strict morals, religious fervor and the happiness of her marriage: what could possibly be more prestigious?
Justin Alcala|Non fiction? Non fiction?! Listen, reality is what got me into this mess in the first place.
Christopher Lambert|Some feminists have this party-line attitude, and they can be very extremist. The most enlightened characters in my film are women.
John Bateson, The Final Leap: Suicide on the Golden Gate Bridge|The answer to these questions is tied to the public's attitude about suicide. For many people, suicide is morally reprehensible. It's against their religion, or against their culture, or contrary to their personal values. Like other unpleasant subjects - incest, disease, discrimination - it's avoided.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Conversations with Professor Y|I believe that in the battle between guns and ideas, ideas will, eventually, win. Because the ideas are invisible, and they linger, and, sometimes, they can even be true. Eppur si muove: and yet it moves.
John Green, Turtles All the Way Down|No up. No down. No sky. No ground. Just endless dark shot through with tiny spears of sunlight older than you and your entire species stacked end to end. You want to feel small? Spend sixty seconds in a Cyclone's cockpit, chum. Look out at the nothing and feel it looking back. Then you know exactly how much you add up to.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I can barely read my hand written notes, typed.
Toni Morrison|The functions of the family in a highly differentiated society are not to be interpreted as functions directly on behalf of the society, but on behalf of personality.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|It's only when you've pieced together a story in several different ways that you realise where the holes are, discover the knowledge that is still missing, the questions you still need to ask.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|In his book, Networking is a Contact Sport, Joe Sweeney advises that when you attend networking events, act as if it is your party and you are the host or hostess. By doing this, you will help others be at ease and demonstrate a heart of service and generosity.
Eoin Colfer, The Arctic Incident|[Artemis] returned to the aft bay for Mulch's version of a briefing. The dwarf had drawn a crude diagram on a backlit wall panel. In fairness, there were more artistic chimpanzees. And less pungent ones. Mulch was using a carrot as a pointer, or more accurately, several carrots. Dwarfs liked carrots. 'This is Koboi Labs,' He mumbled around a mouthful of vegetable. 'That?' exclaimed Root. 'I realize, Julius, that it is not an accurate schematic.'The Commander exploded from his chair. 'An accurate schematic? It's a rectangle for heaven's sake!'Mulch was unperturbed. 'That's not important. This is the important bit.' 'That wobbly line?' 'It's a fissure,' pouted the dwarf. 'Anybody can see that.''Anybody in kindergarten maybe. So it's a fissure, so what?''This is the clever bit. Y'see that fissure is not usually there.'Root began strangling the air again. Something he was doing more and more lately.
Pearl  Zhu|The industrial-based enterprise of the 20th century had run out of gas, and the digital enterprise of the 21st century has the new characteristics and DNA of innovation.
Shaye Evans, Rescued|Gee, you don’t sugarcoat things, do you?” “At least if I’m at a club, I won’t have you pressuring me.”“No, you’ll have heaps of strangers instead.
Linkin Park, Linkin Park - Hybrid Theory|But I know just what it feels like to have a voice in the back of my head, like a face that I hold inside, face that awakes when I close my eyes, face that watches everytime I lie, face that laughs everytime I fall. (It watches EVERYTHING) ... But the face inside is hearing me, right beneath my skin.
Stacy Schiff, Cleopatra: A Life|And in the absence of facts, myth rushes in, the kudzu of history.
Jim George, A Man After God's Own Heart--A Devotional|You can be strong as any boy if you'll work hard and train yourself in athletics, the way boys do.
Darren Criss|Iranian filmmakers are not passive. They fight whenever they can, as creative expression means a lot to them. The restrictions and censorship in Iran are a bit like the British weather: one day it's sunny, the next day it's raining. You just have to hope you walk out into the sunshine.
Paul Greengrass|Start wide, expand further, and never look back.
Felix O. Hartmann, Dark Age|Power is like a house of cards. Leave it alone and it will stand forever. But if you try to build it higher and higher, sooner or later it is bound to collapse.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|Challenge a person's beliefs, and you challenge his dignity, standing, and power. And when those beliefs are based on nothing but faith, they are chronically fragile. No one gets upset about the belief that rocks fall down as opposed to up, because all sane people can see it with their own eyes. Not so for the belief that babies are born with original sin or that God exists in three persons or that Ali is the second-most divinely inspired man after Muhammad. When people organize their lives around these beliefs, and then learn of other people who seem to be doing just fine without them--or worse, who credibly rebut them--they are in danger of looking like fools. Since one cannot defend a belief based on faith by persuading skeptics it is true, the faithful are apt to react to unbelief with rage, and may try to eliminate that affront to everything that makes their lives meaningful.
Robert Penn Warren, Band of Angels|When left unsatisfied, lust becomes violence.
John Lennon|When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life. When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up. I wrote down ‘happy’. They told me I didn’t understand the assignment, and I told them they didn’t understand life.
M.T. Anderson, The Kingdom on the Waves|I run through the woods, at once applauding myself for my wit-""Well deserved, sir. Well deserved.""And at the self instant, I am grinding my teeth because I am a vain, revenging idiot and shall be run down because of it.
Bill Gates, The Road Ahead|DNA is like a computer program but far, far more advanced than any software ever created.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Some people like to hear themselves talk, but I like to hear myself silent.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, The Thing Around Your Neck|She cries quietly, her shoulders heaving up and down, not the kind of loud sobbing that the women Chika knows do, the kind that screams Hold me and comfort me because I cannot deal with this alone. The woman's crying is private, as though she is carrying out a necessary ritual that involves no one else.
Henryk Sienkiewicz, In Desert and Wilderness|It seemed that the printers of the African maps had a slightly malicious habit of including, in large letters, the names of towns, junctions, and villages which, while most of them did exist in fact, as a group of thatched huts may exist or a water hole, they were usually so inconsequential as completely to escape discovery from the cockpit.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|And when I wake up it's wonderful, like I've been carried quietly onto a calm, peaceful shore, and the dream, and its meaning, has broken over me like a wave and is ebbing away now, leaving me with a single, solid certainty. I know now.
Lewis Thomas, The Lives of a Cell: Notes of a Biology Watcher|In 1867, George Campbell, Duke of Argyll, had published The Reign of Law, a book that Darwin found deeply annoying. A supporter of Richard Owen, Campbell argued that while evolution (or "Development") might be observable in the fossil record, it was merely evidence of God's purpose. God, for example, would cause horses and oxen to evolve in time to meet human needs. The brightly colored plumage of birds, Campbell went on, were simply God's decorations of nature for humanity's enjoyment.
John Greenleaf Whittier|It's funny how most people love the dead, once you're dead, you're made for life.
Anita Diamant, The Last Days of Dogtown|you got a sad story, ruth,' mimba said. 'but not sad-sad. you here with me and cato and all us together now. you have a happy-sad story. best you can get in this life is happy-sad. but you always gotta remember your own mama that birthed you. even though you only got a crumb of her story, you still got to say her name out loud. you always honor your dead, else you get trouble from them, sure.
Robin Jones Gunn, A Promise Is Forever|Lord Jesus,' Christy whispered, 'I want You to hold the key. I want You to decide what should happen in my heart's garden. I want You to let in or send out anything or anybody You want. Especially with guys. I don't want to ever unlock that gate again. I want you to open it only when the right man comes along. Take the key, Lord. Take all my keys. I'll wait for you.
Kobayashi Issa, Japanese Haiku|On the Death of his ChildDew Evaporates And all our world is dew...so dear, So fresh, so fleeting
Jessica Shattuck, The Women in the Castle|Years later, as a professor, Martin would try to find the words to articulate the power of togetherness in a world where togetherness had been corrupted -- and to explore the effect of the music, the surprising lengths the people had gone to to hear it and to play it, as evidence that music, and art in general, are basic requirements of the human soul. Not a luxury but a compulsion. He will think of it every time he goes to a museum or a concert or a play with a long line of people waiting to get inside.
Philip Chard, Nature's Ways: Experiencing the Sacred in the Natural World|To be a better person, spend less time filling out your personal scorecard and more time being kind . . . to you.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Now most people would put this doon tae experience, ye always want what ye cannae have and the things that ye dinnae really gie a toss aboot get handed tae ye oan a plate.
Al Álvarez, The Savage God: A Study of Suicide|Suicide creates his own society: to shut yourself off from other people in some dingy, rented box and stare, like Melville's Bartleby, day in and day out at the dead wall outside your window is in itself a rejection of the world which is said to be rejecting you. It is a way of saying, like Bartleby, 'I prefer not to' to every offer and every possibility, which is a condition no amount of social engineering will cure.
Michael Swanwick, Chasing the Phoenix|At the atomic level, matter does not even exist with certainty; it only exists as a tendency to exist.
Jaiminsinh Parmar|I don't believe in everything, I don't trust everyone, that's why I question everything and everyone.
Timothy Moran|When you have succeeded in letting go of a trivial preoccupation or two, your awareness will begin to expand into the deeper sources of stress in your life, the bigger uncontrollable things that you have been at pains to control.
Antoine Predock|Fun is one of the most important - and underrated - ingredients in any successful venture. If you're not having fun, then it's probably time to call it quits and try something else.
Christopher Moore, Sacré Bleu: A Comedy d'Art|Whistler,' Manet called. 'How's your mother?
Jose Padilha|What is the use of physicians like myself trying to help parents to bring up children healthy and happy, to have them killed in such numbers for a cause that is ignoble?
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|If someone can't forgive, it's because he does not love
Krista Burton|If reconciling your feminist values with your sexual preferences is something you’re struggling with, don’t panic. But try to believe what I’m about to tell you, because it’s true: It’s healthy to want and seek pleasure. It’s generous and kind to want to make your sexual partner(s) feel good. You should do stuff with someone because you want to, not because they expect or feel entitled to it, and the same should be true for them. Whatever you do during sexytimes is between you and your partner—not you, your partner, and feminism, and not you, your partner, and the Gender Roles Police Force. Everything doesn’t always have to be equal—unless you want it to be. The only things that matter are that everyone’s having fun, and everyone’s feeling respected by and respectful of their partners the whole time you’re doing whatever it is that you get up to. Because in the end, that’s all that sex is: Two people who want to have sex, alone in a room. No judgy voices allowed.
Jamie McGuire, Walking Disaster|Once she kissed me, my heart slowed, and every muscle in my body relaxed. How much I needed her terrified me. -pg 252/ARC
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|I do not worry about the beauty of the world, neither do I care, but it is all dark and dirty when you are not around.
Dante Alighieri, Paradiso|Behave like men, and not like witless sheep...
David Zucker|Evangelicals always assume that humor and faith are contradictory. It's OK to smile, to be nice, but not frivolous.
Leigh Bardugo, The Tailor|Because I am a doll, and a servant. Because I am a pretty thing and a soldier all the same.
Whittaker Chambers, Witness|The fall of moral civilization has always been brought about by those who were "just doing their jobs".
Kristin Cast, Untamed|I don’t want any of this. I just want to be what I was before you showed up here and all hell broke loose. I want to be popular and dating the hottest guy in school. Now I’m none of those things, and I’m a human who has scary visions and don’t know what to do about any of it.
Debasish Mridha|If love is the music of the heart, then philosophy should be the music of the mind.
Elizabeth Brooks|Being a blesséd writer is a cursed attribute, when you wish to no longer be encompassed by someone and yet you are surrounded by loose leaf papers filled with the sound of his voice.
Piper Kerman, Orange Is the New Black|If I could forgive, it meant I was a strong good person who could take responsibility for the path I had chosen for myself, and all the consequences that accompanied that choice. And it gave me the simple but powerful satisfaction of extending a kindness to another person in a tough spot.
Simon Kuznets|I don't think I set out to have a career in female groups, but it's just kind of happened, and by nature of having worked with my sister - growing up with a sister who also plays, and being in communication with other female musicians.
Zoe Chant, Firefighter Pegasus|Chase leaned on the table, staring Sammy straight in the eye. "If you ever, ever try to harm my mate again, in any way, no matter how indirectly, I will find you.
Wendy Brown, Undoing the Demos: Neoliberalism's Stealth Revolution|As neoliberalism wages war on public goods and the very idea of a public, including citizenship beyond membership, it dramatically thins public life without killing politics. Struggles remain over power, hegemonic values, resources, and future trajectories. This persistence of politics amid the destruction of public life and especially educated public life, combined with the marketization of the political sphere, is part of what makes contemporary politics peculiarly unappealing and toxic— full of ranting and posturing, emptied of intellectual seriousness, pandering to an uneducated and manipulable electorate and a celebrity-and-scandal-hungry corporate media. Neoliberalism generates a condition of politics absent democratic institutions that would support a democratic public and all that such a public represents at its best: informed passion, respectful deliberation, aspirational sovereignty, sharp containment of powers that would overrule or undermine it.
Joe Rogan|My father would take me to the playground, and put me on mood swings.
Pam Houston|...‘All this suffering,’ I said, ‘and nothing but greed and violence to build on when the war is over.’‘Have another soda-mint,’ said Charles.I had one. Then I said, ‘Why are we here? That’s what I don’t understand. Why be here at all when it all has to be so beastly?’‘I suppose we just came, like mould on cheese.’‘Then why do we want to be happy? Mould on cheese doesn’t want to be happy.’ ...
|No matter how high you climb, there will always be a room for you to turn your creativity and productivity up some notches.
George Gillespie, A Dispute Against the English Popish Ceremonies Obtruded on the Church of Scotland: Wherein Not Only Our Own Arguments Against the Same Are Strongly Confirmed, But Likewise the Answers and Defences of Our Opposites, Such as Hooker, Morton, Burges, Spri...|David cuts through all the many needs, wants, and desires that may have been bouncing around inside him and essentially says, "If I could have only one thing, I want to be with God, to be in His presence, to know that he is always with me." Whether in good times or bad times, David knew the thing he needed most: to feel God's presence close by, intimately, through worship.
Debasish Mridha|Live like a tree, giving, forgiving and free.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever study the Holy Scripture, shall find the sacredness of the Holy WORDS.
Walter M. Miller Jr., A Canticle for Leibowitz|To minimize suffering and to maximize security were natural and proper ends of society and Caesar. But then they became the only ends, somehow, and the only basis of law—a perversion. Inevitably, then, in seeking only them, we found only their opposites: maximum suffering and minimum security.
Kate Mosse, The Winter Ghosts|The glamour's off. Almost any question you ask can be answered. It's only the questions that you didn't know to ask that remain, dancing the can-can behind your back. The unknown unknowns.
Bill Bryson, A Walk in the Woods|I turned to my own bunk and examined it with a kind of appalled fascination. If the mattress stains were anything to go by, a previous user had not so much suffered from incontinence as rejoiced in it. He had evidently included the pillow in his celebrations.
Divyanka Tripathi|It is sweet that people want to know everything about my wedding, but they should also respect my privacy.
Christopher Hitchens|Politics is a profession; a serious, complicated and, in its true sense, a noble one.
Eric Metaxas, Bonhoeffer: Pastor, Martyr, Prophet, Spy|anything that changes you forever, split my life into halves: Before and After.
Timothy J. Keller, The Prodigal God: Recovering the Heart of the Christian Faith|I asked her what was so scary about unmerited free grace? She replied something like this: "If I was saved by my good works -- then there would be a limit to what God could ask of me or put me through. I would be like a taxpayer with rights. I would have done my duty and now I would deserve a certain quality of life. But if it is really true that I am a sinner saved by sheer grace -- at God's infinite cost -- then there's nothing he cannot ask of me.
Sarah Hall|My biggest hero, Gregory Peck, was my birthday present on April 14, 1973. I just sat and stared at him.
