Jonathan L. Walls|Not only does evil depend upon good, but in this case, darkness depends upon light.
Toni Sorenson, Aligned By Christ|God is working on your behalf, for your happiness and inner peace. So move forward in faith, believing that He is with you and for you because He is.
miss Gath|There was a pause as Leopardstar strained to take a breath, and Mistyfoot half rose, ready to call for help. Then Leopardstar relaxed again. "I am sorry not to have known the joy of having kits. There was a time when I thought it might happen, but it was not to be." Her words faded away as though she was picturing something she had dreamed of long ago. "Perhaps it was for the best. But I would have been proud to call you my daughter, Mistyfoot.
Maurice Sendak|so that it isn't upsetting to anybody. It's something we've always known about fairy tales – they talk about incest, the Oedipus complex, about psychotic mothers, like those of Snow White and Hansel and Gretel, who throw their children out. They tell things about life which children know instinctively, and the pleasure and relief lie in finding these things expressed in language that children can live with. You can't eradicate these feelings – they exist and they're a great source of creative inspiration.
Tanith Lee, Best New Horror 16|He'd shoved his toque and mitts into the sleeve of his parka when he'd come in the night before, and now, thrusting his right arm into the armhole, he hit the blockage. At a practiced shove the pompom of the toque crowned the cuff followed by his mitts, like a tiny birth.
Louis Zamperini|Hypocrites in the Church? Yes, and in the lodge and at the home. Don't hunt through the Church for a hypocrite. Go home and look in the mirror. Hypocrites? Yes. See that you make the number one less.
Leon Charney|Some would rather pull a handcart across the prairie than bring up the subject of faith and religion to their friends and co-workers. They worry about how they might be perceived or how it might harm their relationship. It doesn't need to be that way because we have a glad message to share, and we have a message of joy.
Thom Yorke|Playing sport was somewhat frivolous, but I liked it. I rebelled a little bit, and wouldn't go to music lessons and things like that, but I would go and play ball. My parents learned to love it because they saw how much I got out of it.
Testy McTesterson|The easiest thing for a person is to accept everything as it is and adjust with everyone in the surroundings by sacrificing or compromising originality, but it's also the worst thing if he proclaims that he has changed himself.
Ron Brackin|So cold your tears freeze against your cheeks.'It's not my fault,' I told Bear. 'I don't make the weather. You got a beef, take it up with God.' That's what I've been doing a lot lately: taking it up with
H.G. Wells, The Island of Dr. Moreau|The fundamental fact about all of us is that we’re alive for a while but will die before long. This fact is the real root cause of all our anger and pain and despair. And you can either run from this fact or, by way of love, you can embrace it.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|He thought of all the living species that train their young in the art of survival, the cats who teach their kittens to hunt, the birds who spend such strident effort on teaching their fledglings to fly – yet man, whose tool of survival is the mind, does not merely fail to teach a child to think, but devotes the child’s education to the purpose of destroying his brain, of convincing him that thought is futile and evil, before he has started to think.From the first catch-phrases flung at a child to the last, it is like a series of shocks to freeze his motor, to undercut the power of his consciousness. “Don’t ask so many questions, children should be seen and not heard!” – “Who are you to think? It’s so, because I say so!” – “Don’t argue, obey!” – “Don’t try to understand, believe!” – “Don’t struggle, compromise!” – “Your heart is more important than your mind!” – “Who are you to know? Your parents know best!” – “Who are you to know? The bureaucrats know best!” – “Who are you to object? All values are relative!” – “Who are you to want to escape a thug’s bullet? That’s only a personal prejudice!”Men would shudder, he thought, if they saw a mother bird plucking the feathers from the wings of her young, then pushing him out of the nest to struggle for survival – yet that was what they did to their children.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|I have known a lot of people in my life, and I can tell you this… Some of the ones who understood love better than anyone else were those who the rest of the world had long before measured as lost or gone. Some of the people who were able to look at the dirtiest, the poorest, the gays, the straights, the drug users, those in recovery, the basest of sinners, and those who were just… plain… different.They were able to look at them all and only see strength. Beauty. Potential. Hope.And if we boil it down, isn’t that what love actually is?
Roberto Llamas|Those million mistakes you did may not make you cry, but the ones you dint try might make you to.
Erin Kellison, Tempted by Fire|Why do you even have jewelry?" she asked. "You don't wear any."	"It seems I acquired it for you.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|I’m free, I think. I shut my eyes and think hard and deep about how free I am, but I can’t really understand what it means. All I know is I’m totally alone. All alone in an unfamiliar place, like some solitary explorer who’s lost his compass and his map. Is this what it means to be free?
Ethan Canin|Nan Gorman was born in Memphis, Tenn., on St. Patrick's Day. She moved to Hazard in 1929 when her father, James Hagan, a recent medical school graduate and aspiring surgeon, went to work there.
A.E. Via|So are you going to tell me why Ronowski pulled you into the break room when we got back today?” God asked watching Day closely.Day shook his head at him, smiling wickedly. “It was about sex.”“No fucking way. He came to you about sex?” God said, not hiding his shock.“Who else is he going to ask…his priest?” Day said and quickly dodged the piece of garlic bread God threw at his head.“Do I want to know?” God said.“It wasn’t too bad. He wanted to know the best way to pleasure Johnson.” Day laughed when God balled up his face and made a gagging sound.“There intimacy has been pretty one-sided from what I could understand. Ro was still pretty shy about telling me stuff, so I was mostly guessing.” Day wiped his mouth with his napkin before continuing. “Being the stud that I am…I gave the kid a few pointers.”“Stud, huh?” God smiled.“Yeah. I don’t mind taking the little tike under my homosexual wing and showing him how to fly.” Day grinned.“You’re twisted. And isn’t Ro like the same age as you,” God said.Day blew an exasperated breath. “Regardless of age, Cash. I have more experience. Way more. Way, way, way more experience with fucking men than anyone I—”“I fucking got it, Leo.” God scowled at him.Day laughed hysterically. “I told him all about how I make you scream my name every night.” Day chuckled and bolted up from his chair when God took off after him. Day ran back into the kitchen, jumping and gliding across the kitchen island on his hip and racing into the den. God was hot on his heels.“I’ll catch you, you quick little bastard. And when I do, I’m going to show you just how loud I can make you scream,” God said in his sexy rough-hewn voice.“Oh fuck.”Day was laughing so hard he could barely just keep out of God’s grip. He dodged him in the living room, leaping over the coffee table heading fast toward the stairs when he was caught around his waist with a strong arm and dragged back down the two steps he’d cleared.
Dorianne Laux, The Poet's Companion: A Guide To The Pleasures Of Writing Poetry|Good writing works from a simple premise: your experience is not yours alone, but in some sense a metaphor for everyone's.
Lindsey Vonn|The flame of anger, bright and brief, sharpens the barb of love.
Frank A. Clark|A child, like your stomach, doesn't need all you can afford to give it.
Derek B. Miller, Norwegian by Night|The morning felt like a mixing bowl just waiting for its ingredients; there was a sense of possibility to it, a promise of something more to come.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore|For discipline is the channel in which our acts run strong and deep; where there is no direction, the deeds of men run shallow and wander and are wasted.
Richard Preston|I shall go and sit under a tree…. Which tree, Mma?... Oh, there are many trees in this life, she said. It does not matter which tree you choose, as long as you choose the right one.
Emma Thompson|Harley's eyes widened in horror, and a low moan of fear escaped his mouth. The back alley was filled with a vision from Hell.
Sonam Kapoor|I don't think most books can be justifiably translated on screen. The film versions can't convey the right emotion, fuel your imagination or allow you to visualise every line the way books do.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|We just have to believe and excise our faith: The Lord answered, 'If you had faith even as small as a mustard seed, you could say to thi mulberry tree, 'May you be uprooted and thrown into the sea,' and it would obey you!(Luke 17:6, NLT).
bell hooks|In a world where positive expressions of sexual longing connect us we will all be free to choose those sexual practices which affirm and nurture our growth. Those practices may range from choosing promiscuity or celibacy, from embracing one specific sexual identity and preference or choosing a roaming uncharted desire that is kindled only by interaction and engagement with specific individuals with whom we feel the spark of erotic recognition no matter their sex, race, class, or even their sexual preference. Radical feminist dialogues about sexuality must surface so that the movement towards sexual freedom can begin again.
OhMJ|All she knew was that she must be in love with someone, or she wouldn't feel so miserable.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|And I have wondered often, was I master in my soul, or did I become the slave of my own blade?
Ricky Lee, Para Kay B|Me quota ang pag-ibig. Sa bawat limang umiibig, isa lang ang magiging maligaya. Ang iba, iibig sa di sila iniibig. Iibig nang di natututo. O iibig sa wala. O di iibig kailanman.
L M Bryski, Book of Birds|Words whipped around me, faster than I could catch 'em.
Lisi Harrison, Monster High|I dunno." She sat on the bench and hugged the robe like a pillow. "I still think that Brett guy is cute.""Good luck getting him away from Bekka." Cleo gathered her silky black hair into a high pony and pink-dabbed Smith's Rosebud Salve on her lips. "She's got more grip than Crazy Glue.""More cling than Saran Wrap," Lala added."More hold than Final Net." Cleo giggled."More possession than The Exorcist," Lala managed."More clench than butt cheeks," Blue chimed in."More competition than American Idol," Frankie stuck out her chest and showed them her diva booty roll.The girls burst out laughing."Nice!" Blue lifted her purple gloved hand.Frankie slapped it without a single spark."I hate to be a downer..." Claudine shuffled back into the conversation wearing her slippers and robe. "But that girl will destroy you if she catches you with Brett.""I'm not worried," Frankie tossed her hair back. "I've seen all the teen movies, and the nice girl gets the boy in the end.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Voices of the Night|Art is long, and Time is fleeting,And our hearts, though stout and brave,Still, like muffled drums, are beatingFuneral marches to the grave.
Suzanne Hayes, I'll Be Seeing You|If this is death, if we are dead or dying or even if we are living and just going to die, then what do we have to fear? What are we worried about? I think the knowledge of death is freeing. That pressure we feel, the weight of life and its impending conclusion, is imaginary. And the fact that we’re all in this together is unifying: there’s solidarity in mortality.
Tupac Shakur|There's gon' be some stuff you gon' seethat's gon' make it hard to smile in the future.But through whatever you see,through all the rain and the pain,you gotta keep your sense of humor.You gotta be able to smile through all this bullshit.Remember that.
Black Elk, Black Elk Speaks: Being the Life Story of a Holy Man of the Oglala Sioux|Crazy Horse dreamed and went into the world where there is nothing but the spirits of all things. That is the real world that is behind this one, and everything we see here is something like a shadow from that one.
Maurice Pialat|Remember this moment when you first realized that the government can’t properly take care of people. In fact, that’s never been their responsibility. They’re supposed to keep our borders safe so that we can live as we wish. It’s our responsibility—yours and mine and Zenos’s and everyone else’s—to take care of each other.
Lydia Millet|There are consequences with age, so you have to evolve. I've loved becoming a filmmaker. But I would love to continue modeling, and there isn't really any job for me. It's being marginalized - that's the sad part.
Lisa Fantino|OrPhAnS,are the one who has no parents,But have many parents.But having ones parents is more valuable than the other having many parents(it doesn't depend on numbers,but the feelings matters).
Martha Beck|I'm not old-fashioned when it comes to dating, but there's something nice about a guy pulling out a girl's chair and opening the door for her, even if it's just in the beginning.
E. Stanley Jones, Abundant Living|To implant fear in the minds of children is a crime. If parents try to rule the child by fear, then fear rules the child.
Daniel Handler|I showed that privacy was an implicit right in Jewish law, probably going back to the second or third century, when it was elaborated on in a legal way.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|A business plan is like a war plan, when you competitors know about it, it's no longer of any use
M. Kirin|Yesterday is gone, and tomorrow is beyond our reach. The best time to write is now, in the present.
Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson|I stepped from Plank to PlankSo slow and cautiouslyThe Stars about my Head I felt,About my Feet the Sea.I knew not but the nextWould be my final inch —This gave me that precarious GaitSome call Experience.
Leigh Bristol, Amber Skies|Then I wondered if everybody has that person that haunts them, the one that got away.
G.K. Chesterton, The Everlasting Man|Books that teach us to dance: There are writers who, by portraying the impossible as possible, and by speaking of morality and genius as if both were high-spirited freedom, as if man were rising up on tiptoe and simply had to dance out of inner pleasure. 
L.M. Montgomery, Emily's Quest|Because it wasn't merely that the trees were speaking to them. It was that the trees themselves were sentient beings, capable of watching their movements. Was it only the trees in this strange wood, or did every tree observe their movements? Had they always been trying to speak to them? There was no way of knowing, either, if the trees were good of bad, if they lived or hatred humans, if they had principles or compassion. They were like aliens, Gansey thought. Aliens that we have treated very badly for a very long time.
Joyce L. Villeneuve, Finding Forgiveness in God's Word: A journey of hope and redemption|A sinner’s humanity will cause him to fall from grace again and again, but his human pride, ego, or feeling of unworthiness should not prevent him from seeking God’s forgiveness again and again.
Debasish Mridha|To fly deep into the sky, you have to expand your wings by learning new things.
Ayn Rand, We the Living|He was an embittered atheist (the sort of atheist who does not so much disbelieve in God as personally dislike Him), and took a sort of pleasure in thinking that human affairs would never improve.
Masha Hamilton|Writing is for men who can think and feel, not mindless sensation seekers out of nightclubs and bars. But these are bad times. We are condemned to work with upstarts, clowns who no doubt got their training in a circus and then turned to journalism as the appropriate place to display their tricks.
Isa Quintin, #ladyKiller|(…) Esos silencios de complicidad crean lazos, conexiones tan fuertes que ni las palabras podrían. Y en realidad no quería lazos con nadie, nada, él solamente era el hijo de mis vecinos, los amigos de mis padres, amigo de mi hermano…
Bradley B. Dalina|Air, Food, Water, Shelter, Love and Godis what we all need to live.If one more thing is missing, it's being wise.WISE enough to consume them wisely.
Benson Bruno, A Story That Talks about Talking Is Like Chatter to Chattering Teeth, and Every Set of Dentures Can Attest to the Fact That No..|A Chinaman of the T'ang Dynasty—and, by which definition, a philosopher—dreamed he was a butterfly, and from that moment he was never quite sure that he was not a butterfly dreaming it was a Chinese philosopher. Envy him; in his two-fold security.
H.J. Stephens, When There's No Tomorrow|I run to the high mountainsI pour my heart out to the skiesI sing of the summer songWhile the sky above dance in the yellow light.The cool breeze fools the sun aboveTakes a run, wins the mighty fight.Your light then comes to me with warmth,A view my heart wants.Love to me is the song you write.The tricks you play with the endless skyAnd with the icy wind you find a disguise.You burn me like sun that burns up In the blue abyss.With the ink of my emotionsYou write a song of Fire and Ice.
Machado de Assis, Dom Casmurro|If only they could stay young & beautifull like most of them desire, then we would probably stay young too
A.B. Shepherd, The Beacon|Victory attained by violence is tantamount to a defeat, for it is momentary.
Andy Serkis|My dad was working abroad, in Iraq, and he was a doctor. We used to go and visit him, in Baghdad, off and on. For the first ten years of my life, we used to go backwards and forwards to Baghdad, so that was quite amazing. I spent a lot of time traveling around the Middle East.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The greatest gift you can give to someone is your heart; because when you give your heart, you are giving your most prized possession.
Neil Gaiman|Fiction gives us empathy: it puts us inside the minds of other people, gives us the gifts of seeing the world through their eyes. Fiction is a lie that tells us true things, over and over.
Lily Morton, Rule Breaker|He’s adorably high-handed where you’re concerned, isn’t he?”My eyes slide closed. “With anyone.” “No,” he says thoughtfully. “Only you. He really can’t be bothered with anyone else, unless they’re connected to you. You’re all he sees.
Dean Koontz|Black seamen - or "Black Jacks" as African sailors were known - enjoyed a refreshing world of liberty and equality. Even if they were generally regulated to jobs such as cooks, servants, and muscians and endured thier fellow seamen's racism, they were still freemen in the Royal Navy. One famous black sailor wrote, "I liked this little ship very much. I now became the captian's steward, in which I was very happy; for I was extremely well treated by all on board, and I had the leisure to improve myself in reading and writing.
Sarah A. Chrisman, This Victorian Life: Modern Adventures in Nineteenth-Century Culture, Cooking, Fashion, and Technology|The people we find truly anathema are the ones who reduce the past to caricature and distortit to fit their own bigoted stereotypes. We’ve gone to events that claimed to be historic fashionshows but turned out to be gaudy polyester parades with no shadow of reality behind them. Aswe heard our ancestors mocked and bigoted stereotypes presented as facts, we felt like we hadgone to an event advertised as an NAACP convention only to discover it was actually a minstrelshow featuring actors in blackface. Some so-called “living history” events really are that bigoted.When we object to history being degraded this way, the guilty parties shout that they are “justhaving fun.” What they are really doing is attacking a past that cannot defend itself. Perhapsthey are having fun, but it is the sort of fun a schoolyard brute has at the expense of a child whogoes home bruised and weeping. It’s time someone stood up for the past.I have always hated bullies. The instinct to attack difference can be seen in every socialspecies, but if humans truly desire to rise above barbarism, then we must cease acting like beasts.The human race may have been born in mud and ignorance, but we are blessed with mindssufficiently powerful to shape our behavior. Personal choices form the lives of individuals; thesum of all interactions determine the nature of societies.At present, it is politically fashionable in America to tolerate limited diversity based aroundrace, religion, and sexual orientation, yet following a trend does not equate with being trulyopen-minded. There are people who proudly proclaim they support women’s rights, yet have anappallingly limited definition of what those rights entail. (Currently, fashionable privileges arevoting, working outside the home, and easy divorce; some people would be dumbfounded at theidea that creating beautiful things, working inside the home, and marriage are equally desirablerights for many women.) In the eighteenth century, Voltaire declared, “I disagree with what yousay but I will fight to the death for your right to say it.”3 Many modern Americans seem to haveperverted this to, “I will fight to the death for your right to agree with what I say.”When we stand up for history, we are in our way standing up for all true diversity. When wequestion stereotypes and fight ignorance about the past, we force people to question ignorance ingeneral.
Adi Shankaracarya|Like the appearance of silver in mother of pearl, the world seems real until the Self, the underlying reality, is realized.
Denis Johnson|We love the things that destroy us, because in that destruction we truly feel alive.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|...you fall in love in three stages: lust, attraction and attachment.
Winston S. Churchill|Therefore, let there be beauty and strength, power and compassion, honor and humility, mirth and reverence within you.
Zach Galifianakis|Indulge not thyself in the passion of anger; it is whetting a sword to wound thine own breast, or murder thy friend.
Homer, The Iliad|And his good wife will tear her cheeks in grief, his sons are orphans and he, soaking the soil red with his own blood, he rots away himself—more birds than women flocking round his body!
Chris Colfer, Stranger Than Fanfiction|You need to claim the driver's seat," Cash said. "Never take a backseat in your own life! You gotta take that bitch by the steering wheel with all your might - even if the road is bumpy, even if there's blood under your fingernails, even if you loose passengers along the way. Only you can steer your life in the direction that's best for you.
Johnathan Cainer|Before big bridges, deep tunnels and the advent of health and safety regulations, there were many ways to cross rivers. They would use rowing boats, rickety rafts or in the absence of a vessel, swim or wade. Everyone knew what a stepping-stone was. They all understood that it was not something that you would want to stand on for any length of time. It was a means to an end, an important point and a route from A to B.
Dean Ornish|I never, ever thought I would be able to grow a beard like I have now. I think it's gonna be here for a little minute. Fear the beard, hopefully.
Italo Calvino, The Nonexistent Knight & The Cloven Viscount|It was the hour in which objects lose the consistency of shadow that accompanies them during the night and gradually reacquire colors, but seem to cross meanwhile an uncertain limbo, faintly touched, just breathed on by light; the hour in which one is least certain of the world's existence.
Lionel Suggs|When God grabs you by the scruff of the neck then although theoretically you have a freedom to say 'no', in another sense, actually, you can't say no because it's like Jeremiah. 'God, you have cheated me. You called me to be a prophet against the people that I love, and all that I proclaim is words of doom and judgement.' And yet if I say "I will shut up", I can't.
Leigh Bardugo, Shadow and Bone|There is something more powerful than any army. Something strong enough to topple kings, and even Darklings. Do you know what that thing is?”I shook my head, inching away from him.“Faith,” he breathed, his black eyes wild. “Faith.
Jerome K. Jerome, Three Men in a Boat|I knew a young fellow once, who was studying to play the bagpipes, and you would be surprised at the amount of opposition he had to contend with. Why, not even from the members of his own family did he receive what you could call active encouragement. His father was dead against the business from the beginning, and spoke quite unfeelingly on the subject.My friend used to get up early in the morning to practise, but he had to give that plan up, because of his sister. She was somewhat religiously inclined, and she said it seemed such an awful thing to begin the day like that.So he sat up at night instead, and played after the family had gone to bed, but that did not do, as it got the house such a bad name. People, going home late, would stop outside to listen, and then put it about all over the town, the next morning, that a fearful murder had been committed at Mr. Jefferson's the night before; and would describe how they had heard the victim's shrieks and the brutal oaths and curses of the murderer, followed by the prayer for mercy, and the last dying gurgle of the corpse.So they let him practise in the day-time, in the back-kitchen with all the doors shut; but his more successful passages could generally be heard in the sitting-room, in spite of these precautions, and would affect his mother almost to tears.She said it put her in mind of her poor father (he had been swallowed by a shark, poor man, while bathing off the coast of New Guinea - where the connection came in, she could not explain).Then they knocked up a little place for him at the bottom of the garden, about quarter of a mile from the house, and made him take the machine down there when he wanted to work it; and sometimes a visitor would come to the house who knew nothing of the matter, and they would forget to tell him all about it, and caution him, and he would go out for a stroll round the garden and suddenly get within earshot of those bagpipes, without being prepared for it, or knowing what it was. If he were a man of strong mind, it only gave him fits; but a person of mere average intellect it usually sent mad.
George Bernard Shaw|Knowing that everything comes to an end is a gift of experience, a consolation gift for knowing that we ourselves are coming to an end. Before we get it we live in a continuous present, and imagine the future as more of that present. Happiness is endless happiness, innocent of its own sure passing. Pain is endless pain.
Rumi|I love you, and because I love you, I would sooner have you hate me for telling you the truth than adore me for telling you lies.
Victor J. Stenger|Selling eternal life is an unbeatable business, with no customers ever asking for their money back after the goods are not delivered.
Abhijit Naskar, The Art of Neuroscience in Everything|When we move toward rejected emotions and surround them with loving attention, they quickly break into manageable bits until they are gone.
Jennifer Aniston|I seldom think about my limitations, and they never make me sad. Perhaps there is just a touch of yearning at times; but it is vague, like a breeze among flowers.
Jess Walter|They (evangelicals)could enrich their faith (with C.S. Lewis) without diluting it, and engage secular culture in ways other than through reasoned argument. Lewis allowed his readers to grasp and benefit from the importance of images and stories for the life of faith, without losing sight of the robustly reasonable nature of the Christian gospel”.
Geoffrey Wood|An imagined pleasure is never really the pleasure, but an imagined pain, in a very real sense, is the pain, because so much of pain is the consciousness of it. It makes itself objective. Whereas to think about pleasure is to step outside of it; to think about a presently felt pain is to step inside it. And in a very real sense, we’ve already got them in Hell.
Marian Keyes, Watermelon|He's a waiter, not a Mafia stooge, so what's he going to do? Blac pepper them to death? Compliment them into a coma? Run them over with the dessert trolley?
Steve Allen|The horns of a rabbit do not inherently exist because they do not exist at all. The mere realization of their non-existence reveals that the horns of a rabbit do not inherently exist; therefore, the non-inherent existence of the horns of a rabbit is not an emptiness. An emptiness is not understood through realizing the mere non-existence of an object; it is known through comprehending in an existent object the absence of the quality of inherent or objective existence.
G.K. Chesterton|Some websites are completely optimized for simple conversion, and it’s easy to tell. The design centers on one clear call to action, a vivid lozenge labeled with a verb.
Nikolai Gogol, Taras Bulba|There's one thing you may be sure of, Pip," said Joe, after some rumination, "namely, that lies is lies. Howsever they come, they didn't ought to come, and they come from the father of lies, and work round to the same. Don't you tell no more of 'em, Pip. That ain't the way to get out of being common, old chap. And as to being common, I don't make it out at all clear. You are oncommon in some things. You're oncommon small. Likewise you're a oncommon scholar.""No, I am ignorant and backward, Joe.""Why, see what a letter you wrote last night! Wrote in print even! I've seen letters––Ah! and from gentlefolks!––that I'll swear weren't wrote in print," said Joe."I have learnt next to nothing, Joe. You think much of me. It's only that.""Well, Pip," said Joe, "be it so or be it son't, you must be a common scholar afore you can be a oncommon one, I should hope!
Haruki Murakami, Sputnik Sweetheart|Of course it hurt that we could never love each other in a physical way. We would have been far more happy if we had. But that was like the tides, the change of seasons--something immutable, an immovable destiny we could never alter. No matter how cleverly we might shelter it, our delicate friendship wasn't going to last forever. We were bound to reach a dead end. That was painfully clear.
Euginia Herlihy, The Experiences of Life & Prayers|Time Out To Cry ©All alone at the end of the dayThe time, just a little past tenEvening has come for a short stayIt’s time for her sorrow againThe smile on her face she’s been holdingSuddenly, she lets fallAnd the feelings begin unfoldingShe comes out of her personal wallAs the world settles down for the nightShe awakens herself from a dreamAnd the girl they all thought had her life going rightIs no longer the image she’d seemShe takes off the disguise she’s been wearingThen opens her heart to the truthBehind closed doors she’s not caringAbout life or love in her youthSo she sits by the mirror spilling tearsAnd cries by herself in the darkA whole day of acting like she has no fearsTakes a lot from an empty heartInside she’s lonely and sadBut acts like she's fine in the dayRevealing her misery, secretly wishing she hadA friend, or a promise to stayShe’s ashamed of the truth she’s been keepingLiving her hours in daylight a lieAnd this is the reason for in darkness she’s weepingTaking time out from each day to cryWritten by Shannen WrassCopyright © 1995 Shannen Wrass. All Rights Reserved
Tom Bissell, Magic Hours: Essays on Creators and Creation|Of that time, there is still much we do not know.
Michael R. French|What's real and what's not? People we meet in books--Holden Caulfield, Captain Ahab, Huckleberry Finn, Harry Potter, Bilbo and Gandalf and Frodo-- can become more memorable, and more important to us than people with birth certificates and drivers' licenses. Characters spawned in an author's imagination find a home inside us. They make our lives richer. They become our best friends. They never disappoint. And they never die.
Krishna Saagar|Greatness is achieved, not only by doing great things, but also,by making the small things we dogreat.
Scott Turow|GIS started on mainframe computers; we could get one map every five to 10 hours, and if we made a mistake, it could take longer. In the early '90s, when people started buying PCs, we migrated to desktop software.
Paullina Simons, The Summer Garden|If you demand perfection or nothing, you will always end up with nothing.
Albert Einstein|If I had known they were going to do this, I would have become a shoemaker.
Nisan Ahmado|The sky, drunk with spring and giddy with its fumes, thickened with clouds. Low clouds, drooping at the edges like felt sailed over the woods and rain leapt from them, warm, smelling of soil and sweat, and washing the last of the black armor-plating of ice from the earth.
Valerie Jarrett|Pharmaceuticals have become an increasingly important part of modern medicine, and our seniors shouldn't have to worry about whether they can afford the medicines they need to stay healthy and maintain their independence.
Katie McGarry, Breaking the Rules|He spins us both, wrapping us in his wings until I’m dazed and gig
Oliver Burkeman, The Antidote: Happiness for People Who Can't Stand Positive Thinking|And here lies the essential between Stoicism and the modern-day 'cult of optimism.' For the Stoics, the ideal state of mind was tranquility, not the excitable cheer that positive thinkers usually seem to mean when they use the word, 'happiness.' And tranquility was to be achieved not by strenuously chasing after enjoyable experiences, but by cultivating a kind of calm indifference towards one's circumstances.
John Updike, Olinger Stories|If I could control tomorrow's haze,The darkened shore wouldn't bother me,If I can't control the web we weave,My life will be lost in the fallen leaves...
John Tesh|Christ commands those who believe to be baptized. Pedobaptists adopt a system which tends to preclude the baptism of believers. They baptize the involuntary infant and deprive him of the privilege of ever professing his faith in the appointed way. If this system were universally adopted, it would banish believers' baptism out of the world.
Joyce Wycoff|Real love when it comes, it doesn't look like anything you'd expect.
Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!|And although the space they occupy isn’t like normalspace, nevertheless they are packed in tightly. Not a cubic inch there but is filled by a claw, a talon, a scale, the tip of atail, so the effect is like one of those trick drawings andyour eyeballs eventually realize that the space between eachdragon is, in fact, another dragon.
Roman Payne, The Wanderess|Ô, wine!, the truth-serum so potent that all those who wish to live happy lives should abstain from drinking it entirely!... except of course when they are alone.
Terry Spear, A Silver Wolf Christmas|She ran her hand over his cock and said, "This is the only thing I ever want to come between us."	His grin couldn't have stretched any further.
Joe McNally, The Moment It Clicks: Photography Secrets from One of the World's Top Shooters|But I've always been a sucker for externals alone: the shape, the shine, what the surface suggests to my palm. So mechanically disinclined it's verging on criminal, I never understood the beauty of an object's workings until Linny sat my reluctant self down one day and showed me her camera. Within fifteen minutes, I had fallen hard for the whole gadgety, eyelike nature of the thing: a tiny piece of glass slowing, bending, organizing light - light - into your grandmother, the Grand Canyon, the begonia on the windowsill, the film keeping the image like a secret. Grandmother, canyon, begonia tucked neatly into the sleek black box, like bugs in a jar. My mind boggled.
Cherise Sinclair, Dark Citadel|I’m a firm believer in equality at all times—”“At all times,” he repeated. “However, in the bedroom or in the club, I am a lot more equal than you.
Carrie Vaughn, Kitty Takes a Holiday|A fucked-up family's a fucked-up family, whether or not werewolves are involved.
Dalai Lama|If a patient is cold, if a patient is feverish, if a patient is faint, if he is sick after taking food, if he has a bed-sore, it is generally the fault not of the disease, but of the nursing.
Ted Cruz|Ken Lay, the disgraced former chairman of Enron, found a way to escape his legal problems: He died after being convicted of fraud and conspiracy charges.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|While the Clave disapproves of trespassers, oddly they take an even darker view of beheading and skinning people. They're peculiar that way.
Kris Kidd, Down for Whatever|Why then do we wonder that heroin is everywhere? In our isolation, heroin thrives; that's its natural habitat. And our very search for painlessness led us to it. Heroin is, I believe, the final expression of values we have fostered for thirty-five years. It turns every addict into narcissistic, self-absorbed, solitary hyper-consumers. A life that finds opiates urns away from family and community and devotes itself entirely to self-gratification by buying and consuming one product - the drug that makes being alone not just all right, but preferable.
Charles Dickens, Bleak House|Character, simply stated, is doing what you say you’re going to do.
Sylvia Plath, The Collected Poems|I didn’t want any flowers, I only wantedTo lie with my hands turned up and be utterly empty.How free it is, you have no idea how free——The peacefulness is so big it dazes you,And it asks nothing, a name tag, a few trinkets.It is what the dead close on, finally; I imagine them Shutting their mouths on it, like a Communion tablet.
Justin Wetch, Bending The Universe|love make you happy, sad, cry, angry and addicted
Koren Zailckas, Smashed: Story of a Drunken Girlhood|During the first day, curious at having outsiders among them, a long stream of inmates came over and talked with me. Remarkably, according to what they told me, nearly every inmate in the prison didn't do it. Several thousand people had been locked up unjustly and, by an incredible coincidence, all in the same prison.On the other hand, they knew an awful lot about how to knife somebody.
Dimitris Mita|Poetry, Shakespeare and opera, are like mumps and should be caught when young. In the unhappy event that there is a postponement to mature years, the results may be devastating.
Karthikeyan V|One day is not enough to green our earth. Planting caring and love is also expecting our earth from us. Do it, It will heal not only the land but also your body and mind.
William Shakespeare|If one good deed in all my life I did, I do repent it from my very soul.
Jack McDevitt, Seeker|Since only a narrow range of the allowed values for, say, the fine structure constant will permit observers to exist in the Universe, we must find ourselves in the narrow range of possibilities which permit them, no matter how improbable they are. We must ask for the conditional probability of observing constants to take particular ranges, given that other features of the Universe, like its age, satisfy necessary conditions for life.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and to get up eight times.
Mark Twain, Tales, Speeches, Essays, and Sketches|What would the new teacher, representing France, teach us? Railroading? No. France knows nothing valuable about railroading. Steamshipping? No. France has no superiorities over us in that matter. Steamboating? No. French steamboating is still of Fulton's date--1809. Postal service? No. France is a back number there. Telegraphy? No, we taught her that ourselves. Journalism? No. Magazining? No, that is our own specialty. Government? No; Liberty, Equality, Fraternity, Nobility, Democracy, Adultery the system is too variegated for our climate. Religion? No, not variegated enough for our climate. Morals? No, we cannot rob the poor to enrich ourselves.
Nick Harkaway, The Blind Giant|A desire for privacy does not imply shameful secrets; Moglen argues, again and again, that without anonymity in discourse, free speech is impossible, and hence also democracy. The right to speak the truth to power does not shield the speaker from the consequences of doing so; only comparable power or anonymity can do that.
Amy Jarecki, Rise of a Legend|Buchan had discovered a wealth of small tidbits. He now knew her first name - Tatiana. Like Shakespeare's fairy queen. "Be she but little, she is fierce.
Nikki Rowe|I thought having a chronic illness would make my life detour in ways I didn't want to accept, but I've learnt that have a chronic illness made the only detours that are worth the growth.
Steven Magee|It really should be a criminal offense for an electrician to mount a breaker box on a bedroom wall. Unfortunately, I see the solar industry mounting inverters on bedroom walls also!
Augustine of Hippo, The City of God|The good man is neither uplifted with the good things of time, nor broken by its ills; but the wicked man, because he is corrupted by this world's happiness, feels himself punished by its unhappiness.
Emily Dickinson|I wonder if it hurts to live,And if they have to try,And whether, could they choose between,They would not rather die.
Gary Miller|With my biology degree, I got this job at an environmental lab. We tested sewage runoff, we tested chemical warfare waste runoff. It's a job I'll never do again and I would never wish upon anybody.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|The Protestants of old go to work not just for the money, their biggest motivation for work is service to God and man. Not the interest to gain profit or make money.
Jorge Luis Borges, Dreamtigers|All things left her, allBut one. Her highborn courtlinessAccompanied her to the end,Beyond the rapture and its eclipse,In a way like an angel's. Of ElviraThe first thing that I saw - such years ago -Was her smile and also it was the last.
James Dashner, The Scorch Trials|She never wants to get to the point where she looks forward to hearing from someone. Once you look forward to something, you’re inevitably let down and nothing can stay the same so she'd rather expect nothing at all and just be surprised that she was thought of at all.
Robert A. Heinlein|Climate is what you expect, weather is what you get.
Penny Reid, Truth or Beard|She disliked me. But she worshipped my brother. He didn't see her, not really. Not like I did.
John Stuart Mill|You say, 'If I had a little more, I should be very satisfied.' You make a mistake. If you are not content with what you have, you would not be satisfied if it were doubled.
Auliq Ice|Their friendship is like a tapestry in a drawer. Today is the iron passing over the cloth, smoothing out the wrinkles, bring out the pattern that makes it unique and beautiful.
Kevin DeYoung|I love the name of honor, more than I fear death.
Lauren DeStefano, Sever|If I ever have to cast an acting role, I want the wrong person for the part. I can never visualize the right person in a part. The right person for the right part would be too much. Besides, no person is every completely right for any part, because part in a role is never real, so if you can't get someone who's perfectly right, it's more satisfying to get someone who's perfectly wrong. Then you know you've really got something.
Elbert Hubbard|God will not look you over for medals, degrees or diplomas but for scars.
Nicolas Flamel|And before you say this is all far-fetched, just think how far the human race has come in the past ten years. If someone had told your parents, for example, that they would be able to carry their entire music library in their pocket, would they have believed it? Now we have phones that have more computing power than was used to send some of the first rockets into space. We have electron microscopes that can see individual atoms. We routinely cure diseases that only fifty years ago was fatal. and the rate of change is increasing. Today we are able to do what your parents would of dismissed as impossible and your grandparents nothing short of magical.
Sterling K. Brown|There are two kinds of people in crisis situations - those who fight and those who freeze. I'm a freezer, and that's just going by the couple of surprise birthday parties I've had thrown for me.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|To take up your cross means to associate yourself with Christ and to share His rejection. It means you take a stand for Christ even though people make fun of you, persecute you—or even kill you!
Jessica Sorensen, Wreck Me|I'm not scared of death, just tired. So fucking tired of being alive yet never fully breathing.
Inna Swinton, The Many Loves of Mila|He greeted me in his usual attire - pajama pants. "Hey stranger!" he said, hugging me for a few long seconds. "I've already set up the board. Can I get you some rose"I nodded, overwhelmingly relieved to be with another human being - even if he was really a wolf in grandma's clothing. Or was he just a wolf in wolf's clothing? After all, he wore pajamas... Hmmm. I contemplated all this as he poured me a glass of wine."Mind if I smoke?" he asked as he lit up a joint and motioned me over to the sleek brown couch. Italian, of course.Through the three windows that faced south, north, and west, I saw the Statue of Liberty, and Ellis Island, where I had paid to have my parents' names inscribed in the immigrant wall of honor. Some American Dream this was!
Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe|I'm going to draw up a human-rights contract that says everyone on earth must agree we are here as caretakers of the planet, first and foremost.
Beth Kempton, Freedom Seeker: Live More. Worry Less. Do What You Love.|I am a Freedom Seeker, committed to experiencing my life as my true self.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|In words which can still bring tears to the eyes, St. Augustine describes the desolation into which the death of his friend Nebridius plunged him (Confessions IV, 10). Then he draws a moral. This is what comes, he says, of giving one’s heart to anything but God. All human beings pass away. Do not let your happiness depend on something you may lose. If love is to be a blessing, not a misery, it must be for the only Beloved who will never pass away.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|I no longer needed to peel myself of my skin, or to hide. To Dash the colorless ephemeral things that existed just beneath my surface were as vivid as the beauty marks he traced on my cheek.
John C. Maxwell, The 360 Degree Leader: Developing Your Influence from Anywhere in the Organization|Attitude is the first quality that marks the successful man. If he has a positive attitude and is a positive thinker, who likes challenges and difficult situations, then he has half his success achieved.
Renea Mason, Symphony of Light and Winter|I’ll never let you go again,Melanie.Never.Nothing will come between us...nothing."I would destroy anything,and anyone who tried to take her from me.Being away from her was no longer an option.She was mine.Only mine.
John Lubbock, The Pleasures of Life|If we are ever in doubt what to do, it is a good rule to ask ourselves what we shall wish on the morrow that we had done.
Maria Sharapova|I do 280 episodes of TV a year, write 15 recipes for the magazine, and publish an annual book. With all of that, we try to get one weekend a month with Isaboo at our home in the Adirondacks to relax and recharge.
Kevin Hart|There are so many local nonprofits making a positive impact every day, and yet, oftentimes we don't hear enough about them or their needs.
Alan Goldsher, Paul Is Undead: The British Zombie Invasion|You know, surprisingly, they don't sell a lot of brains in the local 24-hour grocery store around the corner from my house.
Alain de Botton|I like a little danger. Tame danger, controlled by me. It gives me a sense of power, I guess, to take my life in my hands and know damn well I’m not going to lose it.
Thomas Watson, The Lord's Supper|God can turn stones into bread, and a sinner can turn bread into stones; the bread of life into the stone of stumbling.
Roger Craig Smith|Nicaragua is a World Bank and International Monetary Fund designated 'heavily indebted poor country,' with little legal ability to control its economic future: Everything is for sale. And once Nicaraguans decide to cash in and sell their houses or farms, they have to look far inland for anything affordable.
Harold Bloom, The Anatomy of Influence: Literature as a Way of Life|#1. Spend more time considering evidences of grace in other Christians than you do pondering their sins and weaknesses. You, as a Christian, probably have a much greater ability to see weakness in other believers than to see strength. It is as if you use a magnifying glass when looking for weakness and a telescope when looking for grace. Brooks warns, "Sin is darkness, grace is light; sin is hell, grace is heaven; and what madness is it to look more at darkness than at light, more at hell than at heaven." Indeed.
Hope Solo|One thing I've learned in life is that I can speak for myself, that I can fight my own battles. I don't like anyone telling me how I'm supposed to feel or think or what I'm supposed to say.
Nina Sankovitch, Tolstoy and the Purple Chair: My Year of Magical Reading|Sorrow is the violent smashing of reason, in that reason has no power over it.
L.J. Smith|The late hour is such a friend; it has been for so many years. There is not a soul around as I carry Riley downstairs and dump him in my trunk. It is good, for I am not in the mood to kill again, and murder, for me, is very much tied to my mood, like making love. Even when it is necessary.
Chelsie Shakespeare, The Pull|The kiss. Oh, the kiss. What a perfect, unnerving, luscious kiss. He made me feel unhinged . . . like he could take me apart and put me back together again and again.
Elizabeth Scott, Living Dead Girl|She became a story, one I have mostly forgotten. One I can't end because she died a long time ago.
Samantha Chase, One More Kiss|I can’t say I particularly like Matty Reed. But you, Matt? I like being with you.”…	“That’s good, Viv,” he said.	“Because I like being with you. And I want…” He leaned in a little closer, “I need…” His lips were mere inches from hers…
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Where there are two on point of independently distinguished purposes, you will find one infinite journey whose path is blazed with the guiding light of wisdom.
Richard Tillotson, Acts of God While on Vacation|Sherlock Holmes and I surveyed this curt announcement and the rueful face behind it, until the comical side of the affair so completely overtopped every other consideration that we both burst out into a roar of laughter.
Joe Rogan|Sport is not just about entertainment. It is equally about winning and losing, pooling and galvanising the energy of the youth, upgrading people's physical fitness and mental prowess.
Sabrina Benulis, Archon|And if you lose the willingness, what do you have?
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Wind, Sand and Stars|He is among those beings of great scope who spread their leafy branches willingly over broad horizons. To be a man is, precisely, to be responsible. It is to know shame at the sight of poverty which is not of our making. It is to be proud of a victory won by our comrades. It is to feel, as we place our stone, that we are contributing to the building of the world.
Kate Winslet|Kubrick's vision seemed to be that humans are doomed, whereas Clarke's is that humans are moving on to a better stage of evolution.
Beth Moore|In my relationship with God, I've learned that if I follow a 'formula' for how I spend my time with Him, then I'm just accomplishing a checklist of things I feel obligated to do to please Him. This makes my spiritual life more about doing what I need to do to fulfill an obligation than something meaningful.
Alyson Noel, Fated|He found a set of encyclopedias—like Wikipedia, but paper and very bulky.
Roy T. Bennett|The essence of life does not consist in the lushness of your possessions, but in the richness of your heart.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Becoming an expert not only establishes you as a leader in your field, it will make you a trusted resource that people can rely on for new and innovative ideas. In addition to raising the stakes and helping you increase your income, your expertise will serve to make a powerful first impression, which will truly help you shine and stand apart from the crowd. Having fun and meeting interesting, incredible people along the way is an added bonus!
Bruce Feiler, Abraham: A Journey to the Heart of Three Faiths|But humans disappoint. Adam, in tasting the fruit, indicates that he prefers Eve to God, so God banishes them.
Hari Parameshwar, Chase of Choices|Travelling in other’s shoes is a complex process. Everyone carries loads of inherited virtues and then, heaps of experience acquired while travelling their own exclusive path of life. One’s personality, particularly the way one thinks, beholds both inborn traits and learned knowledge. Unless one is born to the same parents as the other, exactly at same time, beholding same blend of inherent traits and travelled the same path the other has travelled so far—a biological and pragmatic impossibility—it is imprudent to claim having knowledge of other’s thought process. One’s uniqueness is not constrained to the physical form, but is pertinent, too, to intellectual, emotional and spiritual forms.
Curt Gabrielson, Tinkering: Kids Learn by Making Stuff|The value of the student’s question is supreme. The best initial response to a question is not to answer it, per se, but to validate it, protect it, support it, and make aspace for it. Like a blossom just emerging, a question is vulnerable and delicate. Adirect answer can extinguish a question if you’re not careful. But if you nourish theblossom, it will grow and give fruit in the form of insight as well as more questions.In short, a question needs to be nurtured more than answered. It should be givencenter stage, admired, relished, embraced, and sustained.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Young people are experts on leisure, water skiing, dancing, rock music, rapping, TV watching . . . by and large, chores are a thing of the past.
Sunday Adelaja|When you know your life mission and life goal, you will be better able to avoid the life traps
Aaron Russo|Every man is insane, however only a few actually have true insanity.
William Deresiewicz|The message for all students should be: Put down the bong and get to work, because the number of curious, eager-to-learn peers around the world with the means and ambition to get a great college education is about to increase a thousandfold.
Alin Sav|Faith can move mountains, Love can move man.
Brendan Behan|Guatemala's ornate presidential palace, once a terrifying fortress whose every corridor was patrolled by heavily armed soldiers in berets and camouflage uniforms, is now a normal public building where ordinary citizens enter without fear.
Robert Rankin, Retromancer|Need to get to Ruislip by sparrow-fart though', said the squadron leader. 'Think you can do that? Can I come along for the ride?
Elizabeth Morgan, Truth or Dare?|He gripped me so tightly our hips pressed together, forcing me onto my toes for balance. For several moments, we stared, exchanging nothing but blinks to brush away the rain.
Bookvergent|I am not afraid of giving bad reviews. If I don't like a book, I don't like it. Period. I don't do promotion
Doris Mortman, The Wild Rose|You only take revenge upon your own body of soul.Religious Leader Petra Cecilia Maria HermansReligion Of Blue CircleOctober 30, 2016Babaji
Marty McConnell Emily Kagan Trenchard|who did I think we were.who did I thinkI could make you.this is the oldest mistake,to confuse wantingwith magic. silence is the undoingof every spell, and we are expertsin the unsaid. even now, I forgetto put us in past tense. as ifthe air in this city were the same.as if love is anything like its speaking.
Viggo Mortensen|If I'm in the country, my big idea is to do nothing. It means talking, it means cooking with the leftovers in the fridge - l'art d'accommoder les restes - it means gardening.
Paul Merson, How Not to Be a Professional Footballer|I crawled back to bed, knowing I was done for. Hours later, the phone in our room started ringing. It was George. He was not happy."Room 312. Now!" he shouted.Bouldy got up. I tried to pull myself together, splashing my face with water and hauling on my shorts and flip flops. It was a lovely day outside, the sun was scorching hot and there wasn't a cloud in the sky, but it might as well have been a pissing wet morning in St Albans for all I cared. I felt sick to the pit of my stomach as we made the Walk of Death to Room 312, which I knew was Paul and Gus's room.When we walked in, I thought I'd arrived in downtown Baghdad. Water dripped from the ceiling. The board games were in pieces and all the plastic parts were scattered over the floor. The balcony window was wide open and I could see a bed upended by the pool outside.
Nora Roberts, Chasing Fire|The times when you want to cry are when you have to try your hardest. That's why I decided I'll cry in general. Then, when I have to shed tears for a time when I really want to cry, my tears would have run dry
Shannon L. Alder|All great beginnings start in the dark, when the moon greets you to a new day at midnight.
William A. Dembski, Signs of Intelligence: Understanding Intelligent Design|Even if the intelligent design of some structure has been established, it still is a separate question whether a wise, powerful, and beneficent God ought to have designed a complex, information-rich structure one way or another. For the sake of argument, let's grant that certain designed structures are not simply, as Gould put it, "odd" or "funny," but even cruel. What of it? Philosophical theology has abundant resources for dealing with the problem of evil, maintaining a God who is both omnipotent and benevolent in the face of evil.
Jami Attenberg, All Grown Up|Look, you had it easier than me,' she says. 'You think Nana and Papa were busy supporting women's rights? No, they wanted me to meet a nice man and get married and cook and clean for him and give them grandchildren, and that's it. You were born into a world where feminism existed and was readily available to you. I had to acquire that knowledge. I didn't know I could be on my own.
Lionel Suggs|One might trouble one's dainty snout with a whiff of the taleggio displayed in an artisanal cheese shop, or take a saucer of jasmine tea and a knuckle of fennel-scented snuff at a counter of buffed Big Nothing granite. But there was a want in these ladies yet, and it was for the rude life of youth.
James Thurber, Selected Letters|You are all a lost generation," Gertrude Stein said to Hemingway. We weren't lost. We knew where we were, all right, but we wouldn't go home. Ours was the generation that stayed up all night.
Richard Dawkins|The way my luck is running, if I was a politician I would be honest.
Christopher McCandless|If we desire a society of peace, then we cannot achieve such a society through violence. If we desire a society without discrimination, then we must not discriminate against anyone in the process of building this society. If we desire a society that is democratic, then democracy must become a means as well as an end.
Horst Koehler|In properly organized groups no faith is required; what is required is simply a little trust and even that only for a little while, for the sooner a man begins to verify all he hears the better it is for him.
Reyna Hawk|Depression is not dramatic, but it is total. It’s sneaky - you almost don’t notice it at first. Like a cat burglar, it comes in through an open window while you’re sleeping. It takes little things at first; your appetite, your desire to return phone calls. Then it comes back for the big stuff, like your will to live.Then next thing you know, your legs are filled with sand. The thought of brushing your teeth fills you with dread, it seems like such an impossible task. Suddenly you’re living your life in black and white – nothing is bright, nothing is pretty anymore. Music sounds tinny and distant. Things you found funny seem dull and off-key.
Neil Gaiman, Coraline|Don't you know Poole, you and I are about to place ourselves in a position of some peril?
Barbara Hambly, The Time of the Dark|The question is always the answer, provided you want the answer badly enough.
Scarlett Avery, Exposed|I pull his hair a little harder while pushing his head harder against me. His fingers curl inside me, stroking my spot as his tongue caresses my clit with increased urgency.” —Sofia Herrera (Never Say Never, Unbearable Passion, #1)
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Don't seek to be happy; let everyone else chase after that rainbow. Seek to be kind, and you'll find the rainbow follows you.
Lord Paulmerston|Why don’t they complain?""They do sometimes. But usually there's nothing in particular to complain about. Take the case of Hardy's appointment: Who was to blame? Hardy himself? The men? It certainly wasn't the CO. But that's how it always is. Whenever one of us doesn't get an appointment or a promotion, there's always a mist of regulations that makes things unclear. On the surface everything in the army appears to be ruled by manuals, regulations, procedures: it seems very cut and dried. But actually, underneath there are all these murky shadows that you can never quite see: prejudice, distrust, suspicion.
Graham Masterton|Somewhere, all the people we have loved and lost are still among us, in the house that we call history.
Lois P. Frankel, Nice Girls Don't Get Rich : 75 Avoidable Mistakes Women Make with Money|As I mentioned earlier, women get mixed messages in childhood: You can do anything you want... but it wouldn't hurt to find someone who will take good care of you.
Mary Alice Monroe, The Book Club|June dawns, July noons, August evenings over, finished, done, and gone forever with only the sense of it all left here in his head. Now, a whole autumn, a white winter, a cool and greening spring to figure sums and totals of summer past. And if he should forget, the dandelion wine stood in the cellar, numbered huge for each and every day. He would go there often, stare straight into the sun until he could stare no more, then close his eyes and consider the burned spots, the fleeting scars left dancing on his warm eyelids; arranging, rearranging each fire and reflection until the pattern was clear...So thinking, he slept.And, sleeping, put an end to Summer, 1928.
Kid Rock|Honestly, the average American spends about 52 minutes a day in commute traffic. And as much as I love driving my car and many people like driving their car, commuting has never been fun for me.
Lisa Anderson, The Dating Manifesto: A Drama-Free Plan for Pursuing Marriage with Purpose|Don't diss being a wife and mother in favor of chasing after something that seems sexy and significant. Be open to what God has for you, and let him add the excitement.
J.M. Coetzee|Become major, Paul. Live like a hero. That's what the classics teach us. Be a main character. Otherwise what is life for?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In every situation, may we find the grace of endurance.
Swami Dhyan Giten, Presence - Working from Within. The Psychology of Being|It is not many things that modern psychology agress upon, but all the different approaches of psychology agrees on one thing: that people in groups become more stupid. Individually people are more intelligent, because they have to take their own responsibility, but in a group they do not have to take the same responsibility. The two basic power strategies to try to manipulate and gain control over another person are: silencing and attacking. Silencing means to not listen to, to exclude or ignore and not respect a person. Attack can both mean to attack a person directly or to try to discredit a person through lies, to ridicule a person or by spreading malicious rumours. All organizations are more or less dysfunctional. In a dysfunctional group, the members of the group play three different roles: agressor, denier and victim. The agressor is the role that attack and ridicule people, the denier never knows what is going on, there is “no body at home”, and the victim is the resultat of these two roles. It is always easier to follow a group without awareness, than to follow your own heart, to trust your own intelligence, love, truth, silence and creativity.
Elvis Presley|1. Everyone is entitled to their opinion about the things they read (or watch, or listen to, or taste, or whatever). They’re also entitled to express them online.2. Sometimes those opinions will be ones you don’t like.3. Sometimes those opinions won’t be very nice.4. The people expressing those may be (but are not always) ass
Gina Damico, Croak|She wished, as almost all kids wish at one point or another, that she could turn into a pterodactyl and fly away and never come back.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|I just don’t understand why they’d think we were together, when I’m leaving the country to live on the other side of the planet in a month?”It was Ryder’s turn to snort. “Well gosh, I don’t know Juliet. Maybe your hand on my cock was a clue.”She sucked in a breath, her eyes glittering now. “They could not see that!”“They didn’t have to,” he bit out. “We were practically humping each other at the table.
Jerhia|End is not the End, in fact, E.N.D means "Effort Never Dies".
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|When love beckons to you, follow him,Though his ways are hard and steep.And when his wings enfold you yield to him,Though the sword hidden among his pinions may wound you.And when he speaks to you believe in him,Though his voice may shatter your dreams as the north wind lays waste the garden.
Nikolai Gogol, The Overcoat and Other Works by Nicolai Gogol|I must confess that I do not understand why things are so arranged, that women seize us by the nose as deftly as they do the handle of a teapot: either their hands are so constructed, or else our noses are good for nothing else.
Leo Rosten, Captain Newman, M. D|I learned that it is the weak who are cruel, and that gentleness is to be expected only from the strong.
Anna     Stevens|Sometimes it is one step at a time, and things don’t always work out the way we would like them to, but as you allow God to direct you He will bring you to a place of peace.
Yvonne Pierre, The Day My Soul Cried:  A Memoir|Holding on to weight (i.e. anger, bitterness, the past, hatred) will not only hold you back, but also block your blessings. You've got to let some things go to move forward.
Vironika Tugaleva|Can you do something for me? Can you take one moment, right now, and acknowledge how far you've come? Can you appreciate, completely, the lessons that all of your mistakes have already brought you and the wisdom you've collected from all of the pain that seemed so senseless at the time? Can you celebrate your journey and forget, just for a second, about the ever-changing destination?Because the truth is that there will never be a "perfect" time to appreciate yourself. There will not be a magical moment when everything is finally sorted out and you'll be naturally driven to give yourself some space to feel good about what you've been doing. Unless you make that space. Unless you create that moment.There will always be more growing to do. That is the beauty of life. There is always some new opportunity to do something new, to make something old better, to chuck out something useless, to transform something into something else. It's important to spend just as much time seizing these opportunities as appreciating the lessons they teach you and the person you become from seizing them. So do this for me, for yourself, today—celebrate. Just like you'd celebrate a birthday or a graduation, celebrate your endless journey of self-discovery. You deserve it. You need it. We all do.
Laurie Elizabeth Flynn, Firsts|It was worth it," Faye says after school while she walks me to my car. "It's not fair that you take all the shit for this while the guys get to walk around like nothing happened. They're just as much to blame.""I'm the one who started it," I say, kicking a beer cap across the parking lot with my shoe. "If I hadn't started it, nothing would have happened."Don't let them off the hook so easily," Faye snaps. "They were coming to you. It takes two to have sex. So don't defend them.
Emily P. Freeman, Grace for the Good Girl: Letting Go of the Try-Hard Life|Science cuts two ways, of course; its products can be used for both good and evil. But there's no turning back from science. The early warnings about technological dangers also come from science.
James Frey, A Million Little Pieces|Be strong. Live honorably and with dignity. When you don't think you can, hold on.
Eric Schlosser|Food is not rational. Food is culture, habit, craving and identity.
Nikki Rowe|I own my past, it hasn't been grande' But it's had some pretty great moments. I own my movements of now, it isn't what I've dreamt, but I'm closer than I was before.I own my future, it is going to test me, But I trust I have the strength to pull through. Life isn't what happens to us, but what we choose to become.
Kamand Kojouri|Extremities are flawed. Moderation is ideal, save for one occasion.So damn these eyes that weep too much.This mind that thinks too much. But never this heart that loves too much.
Frank Herbert, Chapterhouse: Dune|There's some ill planet reigns:I must be patient till the heavens lookWith an aspect more favourable. Good my lords,I am not prone to weeping, as our sexCommonly are; the want of which vain dewPerchance shall dry your pities: but I haveThat honourable grief lodged here which burnsWorse than tears drown: beseech you all, my lords,With thoughts so qualified as your charitiesShall best instruct you, measure me; and soThe king's will be perform'd!
J.M. Reep, Leah|Leah looked at her parents, lost in their own fantasies, and decided that the three of them were a pretty pathetic family - but she wasn't sure who was more pathetic: the dateless girl spending the night of the big dance by herself in her bedroom, or the parents who foolishly believed a boy would arrive on their doorstep with flowers, a limo, and a promise to rescue their daughter from her solitude.
Dave Eggers, You Shall Know Our Velocity!|I hung up the phone, jubilant, and threw myself into a wall, then pretended to be getting electrocuted. I do this when I'm very happy.
Jack Kerouac|These memories are part of my heritage, the fabric of my personality, and as real to me as the land itself.
Adrian Nicole LeBlanc, Random Family: Love, Drugs, Trouble, and Coming of Age in the Bronx|A fog of despair so pervaded the ghetto that the smallest gesture of rebellion could seem like a bold, piercing light. Bad, said with a fond expression, was almost always a compliment.
Bill Kreutzmann|I think there is a difference between Slate and Salon. I think we both serve important functions on the Internet. As more and more Websites disappear, I'm thankful Slate is still around because it makes things less lonely.
Maisie A. Smikle|While they proceedTo and fro, andCome and go Like Spring, SummerAutumn and WinterChastise, Criticize And SlanderJesus still remainsA Wonder
Say Anything, Skinny mean man|Every existing thing is born without reason, prolongs itself out of weakness and dies by chance.
Leigh Bardugo, Crooked Kingdom|You have your own problems right now, Zenik, said a voice in her head. Stop worrying about saving the world and save your own ass. Sometimes her inner voice could be very wise.
Cindy Charlton|If I only looked at what I've lost, I'd never be able to see what I have.
Tarun J. Tejpal, The Alchemy of Desire|Fizz had a phrase for those manic occasions when you scaled every final peak, fell off the other side and passed out. Mightysatiety. The oblivion of maximum pleasure.
Socrates|It is necessary to meditate early, and often, on the art of dying to succeed later in doing it properly just once.
Joel Osteen|Any decision I make is based on myself, and the only person I have to give an explanation to is God.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Heart Crush|Beautiful things happen when you believe, just open your heart and your mind to conceive.
Sebastian Roche|I've also committed my time and resources to many local organizations like Christmas in April, Catholic Community Services, and Hudson County Meals on Wheels.
Lionel Fisher, Celebrating Time Alone: Stories Of Splendid Solitude|In very rare cases, people will be self-satisfied and content within themselves. More often than not the very same people who choose to live alone are simply in denial after a painful experience or the failure in an intimate relationship.
Truman Capote|The city seen from the Queensboro Bridge is always the city seen for the first time, in its first wild promise of all the mystery and the beauty in the world.
Saahil Prem|Fly’ GenerationWe stand tall, we stand proud, we are the ‘fly’ generationWe think what we learn to think and dream with our eyes openWe keep our hearts on our sleeves for it to be brokenbut we can take it, we are the ‘fly’ generation.We question things when we need to understandIts important we know, how it works, where we standWhy all this pain and no explanation?we need answers, we are the ‘fly’ generation.We love to hate and hate to love, what have we become?Since when is that the norm? when did we succumb?The victims will be forgotten and culprits will change faceBut we will still be running, running to win the invisible race.So here’s to the untold stories and six degrees of separationwe can take it, after all… we are the ‘fly’ generation.
Julia Devlin, The Burn List|You’re being deliberately cruel, now.” “No – I think deliberately cruel would be if I told you something rude, like: I’d love to see you stroking your stiff dick until you came all over yourself.” I pause again, but this time it’s not to eat his expression. This time I’m employing a bit of dramatic license, I think. “Or until you came all over me – because you know, you could do that if you wanted to. I could undo my nightie, and then you could just … spurt all over my tits.” He makes the following sound: “Hoh.
Tig Notaro|Two famous happy warriors - Reagan and his political soulmate, British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher - knew they were fighting their own ideological and external wars. But they did so with the sunny dispositions and positive outlooks of those who knew they were on the right side of history.
John Medina, Brain Rules: 12 Principles for Surviving and Thriving at Work, Home, and School|Remember, you are not managing an inconvenience; You are raising a human being.
Nanci McGraw, Organized for Success!: 95 Tips for Taking Control of Your Time, Your Space, and Your Life|Don’t hold back because you’re afraid of hurting someone else. If your best friend wants to be a cheerleader and you make the team but she doesn’t, don’t feel guilty. If you end up earning more than your sister, it’s not a betrayal. Your success might be an inspiration for someone else, while limiting yourself to avoid upsetting the balance doesn’t help anyone. Equally, rather than being paralysed by jealousy when someone else is coming out on top, use it to spur you on to greater things. Some of our best achievements will be triggered by envy at seeing someone else fulfilling our secret ambitions.
Laurieann Gibson|You know, the man of my dreams might walk round the corner tomorrow. I'm older and wiser and I think I'd make a great girlfriend. I live in the realm of romantic possibility.
Maureen Johnson, The Madness Underneath|I don't know if there is actually more rain here in England, or if it was just that the rain seemed to be so deliberately annoying. Every drop hit the window with a peevish "Am I bothering you? Does this make you cold and wet? Oh, sorry.
Charmaine J. Forde|He fell in love with her house and land,He fell in love with her pension plan,He worked his way to her lonely heart,He was quite wily from the very start.
Brenna Yovanoff, The Replacement|I wanted to tell her that I loved her, and not in the complicated way I loved our parents, but in a simple way I never had to think about. I loved her like breathing.
Brian   Joyce, The B-Side Diaries|There are moments in our lives that define the people we will become in the future, like a symptom before an ailment, or the catalyst before the cure.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Life is not a one day journey and we must journey in life taking a step after a step, and considering the time such that we do not waist the time; knowing that in the end, we shall surely get to the end with a noble story after all our distinctive steps we took with a well balanced patience and impatience come to an end!
Manasa Rao|A man who tosses worms in the river isn’t 't necessarily a friend of the fish. All the fish who take him for a friend, who think the worm’s got no hook in it, usually end up in the frying pan.
Debasish Mridha|Remember that everything that is happening around you, good or bad, is in some way conspiring to help you.
Michael Franti|If we're going to pass international trade agreements, as we should, they should have similar kind of rules, not as high a wage as obviously as a steelworker in the U.S. or in Lorain, Ohio, but certainly rules on the environment and worker safety. You go to Mexico, you don't see those kinds of worker protections or environmental safeguards.
Benjamin Cain, Rants Within The Undead God|Maybe it's not finding a reason, it's trusting that there is one.
Anthony Sloan|Government should protect people and regulate corporations, not protect corporations and regulate people.
Terry Pratchett, Wintersmith|Tiffany got up early and lit the fires. When her mother came down, she was scrubbing the kitchen floor, very hard.“Er…aren’t you supposed to do that sort of thing by magic, dear?” said her mother, who’d never really got the hang of what witchcraft was all about.“No, Mum, I’m supposed not to,” said Tiffany, still scrubbing.“But can’t you just wave your hand and make all the dirt fly away, then?”“The trouble is getting the magic to understand what dirt is,” said Tiffany, scrubbing hard at a stain. “I heard of a witch over in Escrow who got it wrong and ended up losing the entire floor and her sandals and nearly a toe.”Mrs. Aching backed away. “I thought you just had to wave your hands about,” she mumbled nervously.“That works,” said Tiffany, “but only if you wave them about on the floor with a scrubbing brush.
Daphne du Maurier, My Cousin Rachel|But a lonely man is an unnatural man, and soon comes to perplexity. From perplexity to fantasy. From fantasy to madness.
Jane Yolen, The Devil's Arithmetic|Know, my son, that the enemy will always be with you. He will be in the shadow of your dreams and in your living flesh, for he is the other part of yourself. There will be times when he will surround you with walls of darkness. But remember always that your soul is secure to you, for your soul is entire, and that he cannot enter your soul, for your soul is part of God.
Robert Henri, The Art Spirit: Notes, Articles, Fragments of Letters and Talks to Students, Bearing on the Concept and Technique of Picture Making, the Study of Art|I have no sympathy with the belief that art is the restricted province of those who paint, sculpt, make music and verse. I hope we will come to an understanding that the material used is only incidental, that there is artist in every man; and that to him the possibility of development and of expression and the happiness of creation is as much a right and as much a duty to himself, as to any of those who work in the especially ticketed ways.
Edmund Phelps|Eid is here! On the first day, it is a custom for all Malaysian Muslims to ask for forgiveness from our parents. We kiss their hands and wish them 'Selamat Hari Raya' or 'Eid Mubarak.' 'Maaf Zahir dan Batin' means 'to apologize in spirit and actions.'
Siska Astriana|Without an error of reasoning, there should be no doubt that each of us needs to be loved.
David Mamet|Rock n' roll is our religion, and we will continue to lose disciples as we go, but we pick up the fallen flag and keep moving forward, bringing forth the good news that our heroes have helped create, their bodies lost, but their spirits and their good work everlasting.
David Mamet, The Secret Knowledge: On the Dismantling of American Culture|Society functions in a way much more interesting than the multiple-choice pattern we have been rewarded for succeeding at in school. Success in life comes not from the ability to choose between the four presented answers, but from the rather more difficult and painfully acquired ability to formulate the questions.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|What kind of person is void of compassion? A heartless one. But alas, compassion cannot exist without the endurance of afflictions.
Lisa Kessler, Blue Moon|Come closer." His voice was more of a growl than a whisper. Hot.
Ana Claudia Antunes, Mysterious Murder of Marilyn Monroe|I remember when Elvis died. I wrote my sentiments with words of a little girl in my dear diary, "Many people wanted to see his body. They literally wanted to dig his bones out just to make sure that he was being buried. And I could not understand why. Why people could not leave him alone and let his soul rest in peace." I couldn't get it. I didn't grasp it at that time. In a head of a little girl it was hard to believe that there were mysteries to be solved. That there ruled a conspiracy theory that people thought it was odd that he was buried and the casket was never opened. They didn't believe he was dead! Oh yes. Elvis Lives! And as the world needs his songs, his words, his thoughts, his love, his light more than ever before.
Debasish Mridha|The more you know, the more you will be able to appreciate the beauty of life and your heart will desire to learn.
Kiera Cass, The Crown|Her jaw was firmly set, but her lips... her full, perfect lips were slightly parted in an expression that matched the vulnerability in her eyes -frightened yet determined. His heart skippeed a beat, and he swallowed the lump in his throat.
Jeaniene Frost, At Grave's End|Margaret was not a ready lover, but where she loved she loved passionately, and with no small degree of jealousy.
Manoj Vaz|Love is like is like the setting sunafter shining brightly, it dips steadilytill it disappears...only to resurface another day.
Priyavrat Thareja|Beyond a certain speed, motorized vehicles create remoteness which they alone can shrink. They create distances for all and shrink them for only a few. A new dirt road through the wilderness brings the city within view, but not within reach, of most Brazilian subsistence farmers. The new expressway expands Chicago, but it sucks those who are well-wheeled away from a downtown that decays into a ghetto.
Tyler Perry|Mothers are supposed to listen and, afterward, to respond with some wisdom and perspective, but these things were not my mother's strong suit.
R.J. Seeley, Released|Selling yourself short shortchanges others who could reap the benefits of what you have to offer; it also shortchanges you who could, in turn, reap the benefits of what others want to offer you.
Elise Icten|Once upon a time, there was a world. It had three types of people in it. Those who walked a path of fear. Those who walked a path of faith and those who were lost. There were two realities; one that was visible to the senses and the other visible to the soul. Those on a path of fear, would see all things worldly. Those on a path of faith would feel the beauty. Those who were lost were incapable of neither seeing or feeling.
Martin Weitz, The Elena Text|For Elena Text fans, here is the the first paragraph of the press release which will be hitting the world's media in the days before the book launch on January 26, 017.The Elena Text: Explosive New Thriller, Hailed “Upmarket Dan Brown”, Excavates Delphi’s Most Secretive TreasureMeticulously researched and masterfully crafted by award-winning filmmaker, Martin Weitz, ‘The Elena Text: Ambition, Desire & Betrayal’ makes fact and fiction indistinguishable as it fuses a provocative, blistering thriller with the untold story of a closely-guarded secret unearthed at Delphi, Greece in the 1930s. But this isn’t just a story that exposes and unravels one of history’s most elusive and prized antiquities; it’s also an unorthodox journey into research on sexual orgasm and ecstasy, and its shocking links to prophetic teachings by the Greeks over three millennia ago. Intricate, intelligent and a new paradigm of historical fiction, it’s no wonder critics are hailing the volume as something even Dan Brown could never have conceived.
Brooke Shields|Crowds are the most difficult thing for me these days because I have to walk with my head down and my eyes averted. There's still that part of me that wants to hold my head up, make eye contact and smile.
Scott Stossel, My Age of Anxiety: Fear, Hope, Dread, and the Search for Peace of Mind|My mind turned by anxiety, or other cause, from its scrutiny of blank paper, is like a lost child–wandering the house, sitting on the bottom step to cry.
Robin M. Bertram|18.	Godly character is what you are when you've been tried and proven. It is not what you say you are, or what people think you are but, instead, it is what shines through after you have suffered and have endured. It is the proof of your genuineness.
Bernhard Schlink, The Reader|Oh...if you were older...It is not a bad thing, itself, but it is a bad thing to be used by men, to have them choose what you must be, and what you must not be, to have little choice in your life. If you were older, you could choose your own way.
John Mark Green|No matter how dark your night, my friend, may you always find enough light to take the next step.
Ernest Hemingway, The Old Man and the Sea|He can't have gone, he said "Christ know he can't have gone. He's making a turn. Maybe he has been hooked before and her remembers something of it." The he felt the gentle touch on the line and he was happy.
Julia Quinn, Ten Things I Love About You|I can imagine no greater bliss than to lie about, reading novels all day.
Laini Taylor, Strange the Dreamer|What's a horizon?' Lazlo asked, straight-faced. 'Is it like the end of an aisle of books?
Pierre Reverdy, The Cubist Poets in Paris: An Anthology|The sun shines on all and all alike, It's not surprising that we feel good when we immerse ourselves in nature.
Stephenie Meyer, Breaking Dawn|I mean, electric shock? Isn’t that a bit... electric shock-y?
James Franco|No matter how strong you are, no matter how smart you are or tough you can be, the world will find a way to break you. And when it does, the only thing you can do is hold on.
David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest|So tonight to shush you how about if I say I have administrative bones to pick with God, Boo. I'll say God seems to have a kind of laid-back management style I'm not crazy about. I'm pretty much anti-death. God looks by all accounts to be pro-death. I'm not seeing how we can get together on this issue, he and I, Boo.
Lee Trevino|You can believe what you want religiously. Religion is one thing, but science, provable science, is something else.
Ernest Vincent Wright, Gadsby|A human mind was built for contact with similar minds. It should,—in fact,—it must think about what is going on around it; for, if it is shut up in a thick, dark, bony box of a skull, it will always stay in that condition known as "status quo"; and grow up, antagonistic to all surroundings.
Rebecca Rasmussen, The Bird Sisters|Life and death- what paltry words, what tarnished bookends,what unjust summation for drawing breath one moment and failing to release it the next.
Brad Bierdz|Ophelia was surprised by how easily she lied. She had two stolen keys in her pocket, and the lies were sliding off her tongue. Soon, she'd probably be shoplifting. She expected that was how it started.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|Breath (from the book Blue Bridge)Whispering to myself	With every step I take,Trying out names, for I know	There is something yet to be called …..I know it, something up ahead	Just around the bendOr over the rise –	A bird taking to the skyFrom the edge of a jagged cliff – A bird floating outwardsIn silence ……. A silence	Waiting for a footstepTo crunch on stones,	For a voice to fling upwardThrough sharp sunlight	With a name…… callingBefore the bird could call	Before the bird called.Oh the bird was there alright	And sure it took flightWhen it heard me approach	But it broke my heartWith a mighty croak!So I’m sitting here playing	With a purple flowerSlender stem, no leaves	Purple fizz –And it’s quiet again.	I am stillI am nothing	And the hillIs a long, long slope	Down, down, down to the seaFar below.I could roll	I could runI could scream	But I am nothing.A cool wind blows	And the light is naked and namelessAnd the rocks are faces of angels	And the bird in the sky wheelsAnd cries to forget the earth	And its ancient bones –Oh, sensual pain –	Wings…. Wings…. Wings,Singing wings.If only I could begin To describe the emptinessWhich fills me to the brim	With new breathI might almost lose my name	And take instead a feather for my soul.
Ezra Pound, ABC of Reading|And the good writer chooses his words for their 'meaning', but that meaning is not a a set, cut-off thing like the move of knight or pawn on a chess-board. It comes up with roots, with associations, with how and where the word is familiarly used, or where it has been used brilliantly or memorably.
Michelle Frost|She knows how to feed her soul with a few quick breaths of outdoor air from the stairwell. She can bide her time till freedom comes. Little fox lady with her bright and determined eyes... taking her dose of freedom three times a day. Nothing else matters, she never stops to talk. She has better places to be than standing talking to other sick people. She has a fragment of home calling.
Dean Winchester Jensen Ackles|With timid curiosity, I asked, “what do you mean the old bodies get reused?
Alan Greenspan|You have to trust your kids. They have to experience life, and you just hope you've provided them a foundation for what's right and what isn't.
Wes  Moore|Life's impermanence, I realized, is what makes every single day so precious. It's what shapes our time here. It's what makes it so important than not a single moment be wasted.
Melina Marchetta|Are you calling us pigs?’ Froi asked, watching as Rafuel winced for the tenth time at the formality of Froi’s Charyn.Rafuel thought for a moment and then nodded.‘Actually yes, I am. Pig-like.’Froi turned back to Trevanion and Perri, who were discussing the need for longbow training in the rock village.‘What is it?’ Perri asked Froi.‘He said we eat like pigs.’Trevanion and Perri thought about it for a moment and then went back to their conversation.
Sarah Silverman|Never give up hope. If you do, you'll be dead already.--Dementia Patient, Rose from The Inspired Caregiver
Santosh Kalwar|If he acts, if he doesn't, it's meaningless. The whole thing goes forward. No one is important. No one at all.
Rupert Thomson, The Five Gates of Hell|And suddenly I rejoiced in the great security of the sea as compared with the unrest of the land, in my choice of that untempted life presenting no disquieting problems, invested with an elementary moral beauty by the absolute straightforwardness of its appeal and by the singleness of its purpose.
Sinclair Lewis|God is at work telling a story of restoration and redemption through your family. Never buy into the myth that you need to become the "right" kind of parent before God can use you in your children's lives. Instead learn to cooperate with whatever God desires to do in your heart today so your children will have a front-row seat to the grace and goodness of God.
Bertrand Russell|Science is a first-rate piece of furniture for a man's upper chamber, if he has common sense on the ground-floor. But if a man hasn't got plenty of good common sense, the more science he has, the worse for his patient.
Robert Fitzgerald, The Odyssey|Men's lives are short .The hard man and his cruelties will beCursed behind his back and mocked in death.But one whose heart and ways are kind - of himstrangers will bear report to the whole wide world,and distant men will praise him.- Penelope in Robert Fitzgerald trans. THE ODYSSEY (364)
Darren Shan, Demon Apocalypse|I stop reading after half an hour. I’ve had enough. Humanity has hit a brick wall. We’re facing our end, like the dinosaurs millions of years before us. The only difference is we’ve got journalists on hand to document every blow and setback, cataloguing our rapid, painful downfall in vibrant, vicious detail. Personally, I think the dinosaurs had the better deal. When it comes to impending, unavoidable extinction, ignorance is bliss.
Freddie Mercury|Money doesn't buy happiness, but it does pay for therapy.
Suzy Kassem|You don't understand," gasped Eli. "No one understands.""When no one understands, that's usually a good sign that you're wrong.
Stephanie Perkins, Lola and the Boy Next Door|The girl in the tight black dress was passing by us now, eyeing Wes and walking entirely too slowly. "Hi," she said, and he nodded at her but didn't reply. Knew it, I thought.Honestly," I said.What?"Come on. You have to admit, it's sort of ridiculous."What is?"Now that I had to define it, I found myself struggling for the right words. "You know," I said, then figured Kristy had really summed it up best. "The sa-woon."The what?
Patrick Süskind, Perfume: The Story of a Murderer|And because people are stupid and use their noses only for blowing, but believe absolutely anything they see with their eyes, they will say it is because this is a girl with beauty and grace and charm.
John Roos|Just as we have the power to harm the ocean, we have the power to put in place policies and modify our own behavior in ways that would be an insurance policy for the future of the sea, for the creatures there, and for us, protecting special critical areas in the ocean.
Junot Díaz|In order to write the book you want to write, in the end you have to become the person you need to become to write that book.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The death of our self-worth begins at its appraisal, for such an action erroneously implies that our worth can be quantified.
Stephen Sondheim|Life is short, the art long.
Travis Luedke|There’s something sexy about a naked woman gritting her teeth in pain, even when it shouldn’t be sexy.
Meljean Brook, The Iron Duke|The most time consuming process in the world is probably "thinking".
Faith Ford|In fact, my mom always told me because I was the daughter of an Army officer born overseas in Paris, France, that under the Constitution she believed that I could never run for president.
Jan Jansen Easy Branches|If you want to be loved, do what others want. If you want to live, do what you want. The choice is yours.
J.S.B. Morse, Gods of Ruin: A Political Thriller|The government itself, which is only the mode which the people have chosen to execute their will, is equally liable to be abused and perverted before the people can act through it.
Thomas Paine|When a man's best friend is his dog, that dog has a problem.
Kathy Steele|But my personal favorite words of wisdom came from Gulley during the last thirty minutes of the trip, when she broke up a backseat scuffle by declaring, 'When you lick the person sitting next to you, there's a good chance you're going to get punched.'I believe the only reason that gem is missing from the book of Proverbs is because Solomon must never have traveled with three kids in the back of his chariot.
Lydia Davis, Break It Down|The longer the explanation, the bigger the lie.... Always remember that.
William Shakespeare, The Winter's Tale|When we turn around & come face to face with our destiny, we discover that words (spoken) are not enough. I know so many people who are brilliant speakers but are quite incapable of practising what they preach. It's one thing to describe a situation & quite another to experience it. I realised a long time ago that a warrior in search of his dream must take his inspiration from what he actually does & not from what he imagines himself doing.
Vera Brosgol, Anya's Ghost|You may look normal like everyone else, but you're not. Not on the inside.
Katie McGarry, Breaking the Rules|No matter how good you are at planning, the pressure never goes away. So I don't fight it. I feed off it. I turn pressure into motivation to do my best.
Enock Maregesi|Vita ya Shetani na Mungu inatuathiri zaidi sisi wanadamu – na hapo baadaye itamuathiri Shetani pia. Vita hii haiwezi kuisha hadi siku ya mwisho, Yesu Kristo atakaporudi kuwachukua wateule wake. Pambana kwa njia ya maombi hadi siku ya mwisho kwa sababu adui tunayepambana naye hana muda wa kupumzika. Pambana kujiombea na kuwaombea wengine waliohai, na hata wale ambao bado hawajazaliwa, kabla mafuta ya dunia hii hayajalipuka. Usiishi kama adui wa msalaba wa Yesu Kristo, badala yake, ishi kama rafiki wa msalaba wa Yesu Kristo. Kuishi kama rafiki wa msalaba wa Yesu Kristo ni kupinga majivuno yote ya Shetani kwa upendo uliotukuka wa kujishusha au kujidharirisha, kutokutetereka hata kidogo na tamaa za ulimwengu huu kwa upendo mkubwa wa umaskini, na kutokuyumba wakati wa matatizo kwa sababu wakati wa amani ulijilimbikizia imani.
Seth Godin, Poke the Box|Especially difficult when the first and best unconscious move of a dedicated liar is to persuade himself he's sincere. And once he's sincere, all deception vanishes.
Adoniram Judson|With faith and obedience practiced long enough, the Holy Ghost becomes a constant companion, our natures change, and endurance becomes certain.
Anthony T Hincks|You gave me a forever within the numbered days, and I'm grateful!
Vivienne Westwood|I had a long-lasting love affair with the flavors from Japan and the hustling New York street vendors. And, of course, a life-changing return to Ethiopia has made huge impacts on my life in food.
Jonathan Edwards|You can't give the government the power to do good without also giving it the power to do bad - in fact, to do anything it wants.
Stephanie Klein, Straight Up and Dirty|Tell the truth, or someone will tell it for you.
Anna Quindlen, Every Last One|I would keep her, and raise her, and love her, even if she had to teach me how to do it.
Jamie Magee|Tunney has all the makings of a hero – he was clean living, intelligent, polite, reasonably good-looking – but, like Lou Gehrig, he lacked the chemistry that stirred affection.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|Kathel smoothed out his shirt in an exaggerated manner. "It was the least I could do. I owed her one," he said referring to when Keirah saved Willow. He looked at Keirah and winked. Yeah, so not the thing to do right now, Keirah thought.
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|You deal with mythological stuff for a few years, you learn that paradises are usually places where you get killed.
Henri Poincare|The scientist does not study nature because it is useful; he studies it because he delights in it, and he delights in it because it is beautiful.
Christina Engela, Dead Beckoning|Meradinis! Turtle Island! It was a little corner of chaos!This was the scene the speeding black ship had left behind three days ago, fleeing in humiliating shame, those three days a constant running battle. For three days the accursed Imperial ship Indomitable had followed, firing on them at every opportunity. Death or imprisonment now awaited those who called themselves Corsairs – and though this death was now more certain rather than just a possibility, Sona Kilroy, or “The Hammer” as he was called by his men, was not prepared to give up his freedom so easily. Piracy was his life and he’d known no other. He was tough and cruel, a despicable man, a case in point when academics quoted the barbarism by which the Corsairs had made themselves known and feared across the star systems of the peaceful Terran Empire.
A.A. Gill, To America with Love|Princes always are always happy to see developing among their subjects the taste for agreeable arts and for superfluities which do not result in the export of money. For quite apart from the fact that with these they nourish that spiritual pettiness so appropriate for servitude, they know very well that all the needs which people give themselves are so many chains binding them. When Alexander wished to keep the Ichthyophagi dependent on him, he forced them to abandon fishing and to nourish themselves on foods common to other people. And no one has been able to subjugate the savages in America, who go around quite naked and live only from what their hunting provides. In fact, what yoke could be imposed on men who have no need of anything?
Tove Jansson, Finn Family Moomintroll|Then -- they saw the Groke. Everybody saw her. She sat motionless on the sandy path at the bottom of the steps and stared at them with round, expressionless eyes.She was not particularly big and didn't look dangerous either, but your let that she was terribly evil and would wait for ever. And that was awful.Nobody plucked up enough courage to attack. She sat there for a while, and then slid away into the darkness. But where she had been sitting the ground was frozen!
Ronald Kessler|I think that Obama's failure to reestablish the rule of law in money matters is the most damaging thing that he's done - and perhaps the most damaging thing that has happened in American politics in my lifetime. Because once the rule of law is absent in money matters, then anything really goes in politics.
|A lot of people spend so much time trying to look rich, that they forget that the plan is to get rich.
Adam Nevill, The Ritual|Living in Hell kept him aware of the possibility of Heaven, and he’d never felt more alive.
Bruno Schulz, The Street of Crocodiles|They were villages forgotten in the depth of time, peopled by creatures chained forever to their tiny destinies.
David Letterman|Based on what you know about him in history books, what do you think Abraham Lincoln would be doing if he were alive today? 1) Writing his memoirs of the Civil War. 2) Advising the President. 3) Desperately clawing at the inside of his coffin. 
Osho, Bliss: Living beyond happiness and misery|Shepherds, did they but know it, walk through greater halls than kings.
Harry Overstreet|To the immature, other people are not real.
Andrew-Knox B Kaniki|Cultivating an attitude of gratitude begins with counting your blessings. In simpler terms, gratitude is expressing thanks for gifts we receive. Genuine gratitude helps us to see the little things in life that are often overlooked, yet so precious.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|Your voice is strongest when you remain firm, when you are not moved by your circumstance. For we must not permit others to define who we are or what we stand for.
Abraham Lincoln|My greatest concern is not whether you have failed, but whether you are concerned with your failure.
Elliot Deline|Lady Vennaway is a horrible, horrible woman, is she not, Cookie?'Cook hesitated. "Everyone has their own story, even those we find the hardest. Best to accept things the way they are and count your blessings.
Jeff Rice, The Night Stalker|He wasn’t sure why he felt so compelled to follow the singing, or why he needed to bring the foot with him, but he knew the two phenomena were connected. And in the midst of the mystery lay his father. His father’s sanity. Nicholas was sure of this.
Jennifer Egan, The Invisible Circus|Funny thing about the monster.The worse he treats you, the more you love him.
Josh Burggraf, Digestate: A Food & Eating Themed Anthology|Lies are taught by force, truth is taught by choice.
Matthew Desmond, Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City|But it was not enough simply to perceive injustice. Mass resistance was possible only when people believed they had the collective capacity to change things. For poor people, this required identifying with the oppressed, and counting yourself among them—which was something most trailer park residents were absolutely unwilling to do.
Tadao Ando|With 'Acid Rap,' I allowed myself to be really open-minded and free with who I allowed into my musical space. I wanted to make a cohesive product, but I also just want to make a bunch of dope songs inspired by whatever sounds I liked.
Donna Lynn Hope|We had a good marriage," he said. "I just thought it would be so much longer." Then he shrugged, and coughed away a sob, this thin man in his sixties with the soft androgynous face that aging seemed to bring, as though all the hormones were finally mixed up in a big coed pot because it just didn't matter anymore.
Samael Aun Weor, Beyond Death: What You Should Know about the Afterlife: the Gnostic Book of the Dead|Three marital bonds exist: Karmic, Dharmic and Cosmic. The first are of pain, misery, hunger, nakedness, disgrace. The second are of success, bliss, love, financial progress, etc. The third are only for the select, pure and holy souls and bring inexhaustible happiness.
George Sand|It is warm, I am alive, I am calm and sad, I hardly know why. In this existence so even, so tranquil, and so gentle as I have here, I am in an element that weakens me morally while strengthening me physically; and I fall into melancholies of honey and roses which are none the less melancholy. It seems to me that all those I love forget me, and that it is justice, because I live a selfish life having nothing to do for any one of them.
Jeff Greenfield, Then Everything Changed: Stunning Alternate Histories of American Politics: JFK, RFK, Carter, Ford, Reagan|Twittering just seemed to be people telling other people what they were doing--getting in the shower, making coffee. Who on earth wanted to know these things?...Babble and twitter. Full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.
Oleg Atbashian|Why is there never a headline that says "Government program ends as its intended goal has been achieved"?
Vladimir Nabokov|One can imagine that if humanity suddenly disappeared from the planet, the cat would shrug its shoulders, raise its tail, and return to its forest habitat, there to live as its ancestors have done for two million years, forever in search of something small, furry, and squeaky to play with.
Pierre de Fermat|Every man who knows how to read has it in his power to magnify himself, to multiply the ways in which he exists, to make his life full, significant and interesting.
Marcus Aurelius|They hate people and their stories; they have hated for so long and with such intensity that in the end the darkness enveloped their whole bodies until their shapes were no longer discernible. That is also why they are so difficult to defeat, because they can disappear into walls or into the ground or float up. They're ferocious and bloodthirsty, and if you're bitten by one you don't just die; a far more serious and terrible fate lies in store: you lose your imagination. (talking about shadows)
Gordon D. Fee, How to Read the Bible for All Its Worth|The problem with a “free” translation, on the other hand, especially for study purposes, is that the translator updates the original author too much…On the one hand, these renditions often have especially fresh and vivid ways of expressing some old truths and have thus each served to stimulate contemporary Christians to take a fresh look at their Bibles. On the other hand, such a “translation” often comes very close to being a commentary, but without other options made available to the reader. Therefore, as stimulating as these can sometimes be, they are never intended to be a person’s only Bible; and the reader needs constantly to check particularly eye-catching moments against a true translation or a commentary to make sure that not too much freedom has been taken.
Mallanaga Vātsyāyana, Kama Sutra|A person acquainted with the true principles of this science, who preserves his Dharma (virtue or religious merit), his Artha (worldly wealth) and his Kama (pleasure or sensual gratification), and who has regard to the customs of the people, is sure to obtain the mastery over his senses. In short, an intelligent and knowing person attending to Dharma and Artha and also to Kama, without becoming the slave of his passions, will obtain success in everything that he may do.
Walter Martin|To a certain extent I am taking a leap of faith. I'm adding up the evidence on either side, and I'm seeing the evidence of there not being a God is overwhelming compared to the evidence for there being a God.
|Focus on your true purpose in life and stop focusing on other people's flaws, mistakes and failures. The fulfillment of your positive purpose on earth truly needs your undivided attention.
Novoneel Chakraborty, That Kiss In The Rain|Lily Calloway...all this time, your superpower has been loving me.
Alcurtis Turner| 'Why are you yelling at the television when you know they cannot hear you?' 'You wouldn't understand,' said Asher, his gaze locked on the screen. 'It's a human thing.' 
Joyce Meyer|Religious institutions should have religious freedom on this issue. No church or minister should ever have to conduct a marriage that is inconsistent with their religious beliefs. But I think as a civil institution, this issue's time has come and we need to move forward.
Sarah Dessen, This Lullaby|You know, when it works, love is pretty amazing. It's not overrated. There's a reason for all those songs.
Maile Meloy|Yvette had never talked about her marriage - she was a smart girl, and she knew you had no right to complain about someone you got all the way to the altar with. You made that choice, even if you were a child when you did it, and the marriage vow was sacred.
Koko Taylor|My music, my songs are 100 percent inspired by girl power.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca|When we trust God more than our feelings, it confuses the devil. I mean, when he throws you his best shot and he can't budge you from believing God, he won't know what to do with you anymore.
Kim Young-ha|Is everything funny? For me, yes. There's a positive to every negative. Even my divorce? For me, yes. If you go back and look at it, why it happened or how it happened, there's something in there that'll make you laugh.
Jorge Luis Borges, Dreamtigers|And so, as I sleep, some dream beguiles me, and suddenly I know I dream.Then I think: this is a dream, a pure diversion of my will; now that I have unlimited power, I am going to create a tiger.Oh incompetence! Never do my dreams engender the wild beast I longed for.The tiger indeed appears, but stuffed or flimsy, or with impure variations of shape, or of an implausible size, or all too fleeting, or with a touch of the dog or bird.
G.K. Chesterton, The Man Who Was Thursday: A Nightmare|They tore Joseph coat of many colors as evidence of his death and dreams but God brought together his life for his People, to prepare them posterity
Mitch Albom, Have a Little Faith: a True Story|I used to think I knew everything. I was a "smart person" who "got things done," and because of that, the higher I climbed, the more I could look down and scoff at what seemed silly or simple, even religion.But I realized something as I drove home that night: that I am neither better nor smarter, only luckier. And I should be ashamed of thinking I knew everything, because you can know the whole world and still feel lost in it. So many people are in pain-no matter how smart or accomplished-they cry, they yearn, they hurt.But instead of looking down on things, they look up, which is where I should have been looking, too. Because when the world quiets to the sound of your own breathing, we all want the same things:comfort, love, and a peaceful heart.
Don Lemon|The fact that we're going through a crisis is an opportunity for Europe to be more coordinated and more integrated. We're actually talking about a European Monetary Fund or euro bonds, about guarantees for countries, about economic governance in the European Union. That shows the strength of Europe.
Mikhail Gorbachev|I've become more and more aware of the promise and struggle to teach the global mind nowadays because I use every chance I get to ask faculty and administrators of management education programs why we don't offer at least one course - not even required, just an elective - on the world's religions.
Vladimir Nabokov, Pale Fire|And speaking of this wonderful machine:[840] I’m puzzled by the difference between, the kind Which goes on solely in the poet’s mind,A testing of performing words, while he,The other kind, much more decorous, whenHe’s in his study writing with a pen. In method B the hand supports the thought,The abstract battle is concretely fought.The pen stops in mid-air, then swoops to bar[850] A canceled sunset or restore a star,And thus it physically guides the phraseToward faint daylight through the inky maze. is agony! The brainIs soon enclosed in a steel cap of pain.A muse in overalls directs the drill Which grinds and which no effort of the willCan interrupt, while the automatonIs taking off what he has just put on Or walking briskly to the corner store [860] To buy the paper he has read before.
Neil Gaiman, Stories: All-New Tales|Television and cinema were all very well, but these stories happened to other people. The stories I found in books happened inside my head. I was, in some way, there.It's the magic of fiction: you take the words and you build them into worlds.
Emma Goldman|Despotism may govern without faith, but liberty cannot.
|While winners were fully engaged with writing some great chapters in their lives, failures were busy trying to edit their past negative experiences.
Jennifer Worth, The Midwife: A Memoir of Birth, Joy, and Hard Times|Begin accepting the gift now, and have every beautiful and good thing in life — and then share.
C.M. Stunich, Bad Nanny|It's all so sexy and cute and romantic...until the music changes to "In Da Club" by 50 Cent.
James Morcan, The Orphan Conspiracies: 29 Conspiracy Theories from The Orphan Trilogy|Only merchants have money to waste, and what are they but parasites who create nothing, grow nothing, make nothing but feed off another's labor?
Thomm Quackenbush, Artificial Gods|In passing, we should note this curious mark of our own age: the only absolute allowed is the absolute insistence that there is no absolute.
Theresa Sjoquist, Yvonne Rust: Maverick Spirit|The art stream is filled with snags and has no volume so it has no support. If you finally choose art, no amount of reason or common sense can discourage you. You must selfishly carry on.
Thomas R. Cech|There are so many little girls who follow me and look up to me. I'm their role model, so I have to make sure I'm always being professional and not putting any swear words out there - just really putting positive things out there on the Internet.
Tim O'Brien, If I Die in a Combat Zone, Box Me Up and Ship Me Home|Months later, when I rarely saw the Angels, I still had the legacy of the big machine -- four hundred pounds of chrome and deep red noise to take out on the Coast Highway and cut loose at three in the morning, when all the cops were lurking over on 101. My first crash had wrecked the bike completely and it took several months to have it rebuilt. After that I decided to ride it differently: I would stop pushing my luck on curves, always wear a helmet and try to keep within range of the nearest speed limit ... my insurance had already been canceled and my driver's license was hanging by a thread.So it was always at night, like a werewolf, that I would take the thing out for an honest run down the coast. I would start in Golden Gate Park, thinking only to run a few long curves to clear my head ... but in a matter of minutes I'd be out at the beach with the sound of the engine in my ears, the surf booming up on the sea wall and a fine empty road stretching all the way down to Santa Cruz ... not even a gas station in the whole seventy miles; the only public light along the way is an all-night diner down around Rockaway Beach.There was no helmet on those nights, no speed limit, and no cooling it down on the curves. The momentary freedom of the park was like the one unlucky drink that shoves a wavering alcoholic off the wagon. I would come out of the park near the soccer field and pause for a moment at the stop sign, wondering if I knew anyone parked out there on the midnight humping strip.
Matt Ridley, The Rational Optimist: How Prosperity Evolves|The Sun King had dinner each night alone. He chose from forty dishes, served on gold and silver plate. It took a staggering 498 people to prepare each meal. He was rich because he consumed the work of other people, mainly in the form of their services. He was rich because other people did things for him. At that time, the average French family would have prepared and consumed its own meals as well as paid tax to support his servants in the palace. So it is not hard to conclude that Louis XIV was rich because others were poor.But what about today? Consider that you are an average person, say a woman of 35, living in, for the sake of argument, Paris and earning the median wage, with a working husband and two children. You are far from poor, but in relative terms, you are immeasurably poorer than Louis was. Where he was the richest of the rich in the world’s richest city, you have no servants, no palace, no carriage, no kingdom. As you toil home from work on the crowded Metro, stopping at the shop on the way to buy a ready meal for four, you might be thinking that Louis XIV’s dining arrangements were way beyond your reach. And yet consider this. The cornucopia that greets you as you enter the supermarket dwarfs anything that Louis XIV ever experienced (and it is probably less likely to contain salmonella). You can buy a fresh, frozen, tinned, smoked or pre-prepared meal made with beef, chicken, pork, lamb, fish, prawns, scallops, eggs, potatoes, beans, carrots, cabbage, aubergine, kumquats, celeriac, okra, seven kinds of lettuce, cooked in olive, walnut, sunflower or peanut oil and flavoured with cilantro, turmeric, basil or rosemary … You may have no chefs, but you can decide on a whim to choose between scores of nearby bistros, or Italian, Chinese, Japanese or Indian restaurants, in each of which a team of skilled chefs is waiting to serve your family at less than an hour’s notice. Think of this: never before this generation has the average person been able to afford to have somebody else prepare his meals.You employ no tailor, but you can browse the internet and instantly order from an almost infinite range of excellent, affordable clothes of cotton, silk, linen, wool and nylon made up for you in factories all over Asia. You have no carriage, but you can buy a ticket which will summon the services of a skilled pilot of a budget airline to fly you to one of hundreds of destinations that Louis never dreamed of seeing. You have no woodcutters to bring you logs for the fire, but the operators of gas rigs in Russia are clamouring to bring you clean central heating. You have no wick-trimming footman, but your light switch gives you the instant and brilliant produce of hardworking people at a grid of distant nuclear power stations. You have no runner to send messages, but even now a repairman is climbing a mobile-phone mast somewhere in the world to make sure it is working properly just in case you need to call that cell. You have no private apothecary, but your local pharmacy supplies you with the handiwork of many thousands of chemists, engineers and logistics experts. You have no government ministers, but diligent reporters are even now standing ready to tell you about a film star’s divorce if you will only switch to their channel or log on to their blogs.My point is that you have far, far more than 498 servants at your immediate beck and call. Of course, unlike the Sun King’s servants, these people work for many other people too, but from your perspective what is the difference? That is the magic that exchange and specialisation have wrought for the human species.
Jil Sander|Design is not making beauty, beauty emerges from selection, affinities, integration, love.
Vikram Roy|Find your truth, live your truth.
Emily Hahn, Fractured Emerald: Ireland|There had been a time, until 1422, when a number of both Gaelic and Anglo-Irish students attended Oxford and Cambridge in England. But fellow students had complained that Irish living together in large numbers sooner or later got noisy and violent and there was no handling them. Accordingly, the universities imposed a quota system on Irishman, and decreed that those admitted must be scattered around among non-compatriots: exclusively Irish halls of residence were banned.
Karen Marie Moning, Darkfever|You, Ms. Lane, are a menace to others! A walking, talking catastrophe in pink!
Marianthi  Devaki|Alas, between the “shouldn’t” and the “shouldn’t have”—that is precisely where life happens.
S.E. Hinton, The Outsiders|I think you could fall in love with anyone if you saw the parts of them that no one else gets to see. I don't know, like if you followed them around invisibly for a day and you saw them crying in their bed at night or singing to themselves as they make a sandwich or even just walking along the street and even if they were really weird and had no friends at school, I think after seeing them at their most vulnerable you wouldn't be able to help falling in love with them.
Deyth Banger|I can't help it. I'm just a big gasbag. I still got leftover barbeque gas." She squeezed her eyes shut tight and did a full minute-long far. "Excuse me," she said.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, The Untapped Wonderer in You: Dare to Do the Undone|In life, when one gets to the point of a deeper sense of understanding about himself and his purpose, he least explains himself much to people who fail to understand him and his purpose. That must not be interpreted as neither pride nor an uncaring attitude but a great respect for purposefulness
Chelsey Philpot|Heartache, guilt, loss, grief, these things, too, are monsters.
Eunice Blake|I hate this complete obsession with class, especially at this place, you can hardly say 'hello' to anyone before they are getting all prolier-than-thou and telling you about how their dad's a one eyed chimney-sweep with rickets, and how they've still got an outside loo, and have never been on a plane or whatever, all that dubious crap, most of which is usually lies anyway, and I'm thinking why are you telling me this? Am I meant to feel guilty? D'you think it's my fault or something, or are you just feeling pleased with yourself for escaping your pre-determined social role or some self congratulatory bullshit? I mean, what does it matter anyway? People are people, if you ask me, and they rise or fall by their own talents and merits, and their own labours, and blaming the fact they've got a settee rather than a sofa, or eat tea rather tan dinner, that's just an excuse, it's just whining self-pity and shoddy thinking.... I don;t make judgements about other people because of their background and I expect people to treat me with the same courtesy... It's my parent's moeny and its not as if they got it from nicking people's dole or running sweatshops in Johannesburg or something. They worked fucking hard for what they've got. It's a privilege and they treat it as such and they do their best to give something back. But if you ask me, theres no snob like an inverted snob... Im just so fucking bored of people trying to pass plain old envy off as some sort of virtue.
Colleen Houck, Tiger's Quest|Tarzan-like men are my weakness, apparently.
Tahir Shah, In Arabian Nights: A Caravan of Moroccan Dreams|Real travel is not about the highlights with which you dazzle your friends once you're home. It's about the loneliness, the solitude, the evenings spent by yourself, pining to be somewhere else. Those are the moments of true value. You feel half proud of them and half ashamed and you hold them to your heart.
Ava Dellaira, Love Letters to the Dead|People love you for what they want to see in you, not for what you are. That's a sad thing to learn.
Wayne Gerard Trotman|Sometimes strange fiction, becomes grim reality.
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|Also, I'll lose half a liter of water per day to breathing until the humidity in the Hab reaches its maximum and water starts condensing on every surface. Then I'll be licking the walls. Yay.
Thorstein Veblen, The Theory of the Leisure Class|In a basic agricultural society, it's easy enough to swap five chickens for a new dress or to pay a schoolteacher with a goat and three sacks of rice. Barter works less well in a more advanced economy. The logistical challenges of using chickens to buy books on Amazon.com would be formidable.
Tyler Perry|Our reactor actually burns nuclear waste as fuel. So not only is it safe and powerful, it solves an important issue: It actually reduces nuclear waste instead of creating. It's the reactor of your dreams.
John Quincy Adams|Mr. Buckley, let me explain it this way. And I'll do so very carefully and slowly so that even you will understand it. If I was the sheriff, I would not have arrested him. If I was on the grand jury, I would not have indicted him. If I was the judge, I would not try him. If I was the D.A., I would not prosecute him. If I was on the trial jury, I would vote to give him a key to the city, a plaque to hang on his wall, and I would send him home to his family. And, Mr. Buckley, if my daughter is ever raped, I hope I have the guts to do what he did.
Frantz Fanon, The Wretched of the Earth|Today everyone on our side knows that criminality is not the result of the Algerian's congenital nature nor the configuration of his nervous system. The war in Algeria and wars of national liberation bring out the true protagonists. We have demonstrated that in the colonial situation the colonized are confronted with themselves. They tend to use each other as a screen. Each prevents his neighbor from seeing the national enemy. And when exhausted after a sixteen-hour day of hard work the colonized subject collapses on his mat and a child on the other side of the canvas partition cries and prevents him from sleeping, it just so happens it's a little Algerian. When he goes to beg for a little semolina or a little oil from the shopkeeper to whom he already owes several hundred francs and his request is turned down, he is overwhelmed by an intense hatred and desire to kill—and the shopkeeper happens to be an Algerian. When, after weeks of keeping a low profile, he finds himself cornered one day by the kaid demanding "his taxes," he is not even allowed the opportunity to direct his hatred against the European administrator; before him stands the kaid who excites his hatred—and he happens to be an Algerian.
Søren Kierkegaard, Stages on Life's Way|It is the thought, not the incidentals of expression, that essentially makes an exposition unpopular. A systematic ribbon and button maker can become unpopular but essentially is not at all, inasmuch as he does not mean much by the very odd things he says (alas, and this is a popular art!). Socrates, on the other hand, was the most unpopular in Greece because he said the same thing as the simplest person but meant infinitely much by it. To be able to stick to one thing, to stick to it with ethical passion and undauntedness of spirit, to see the intrinsic duplexity of this one thought with the same impartiality, and at one and the same time to see the most profound earnestness and the greatest jest, the deepest tragedy and highest comedy―this is unpopular in any age for anyone who has not realized that immediacy is over. But neither can what is essentially unpopular be learned by rote. More on that later.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Your First Virtual Summit: Everything you need to know to create your first successful Virtual Summit|And finally have fun with it. If you’re not having fun, your speakers won’t have fun, and your participants won’t have fun. No matter what happens, remember that marketing should be fun, and life should be enjoyed.
Danielle Monsch, Stone Guardian|. . . parent could embarrass their kids during the teenage years, but only a true virtuoso could embarrass them into their twenties and beyond.
James Hickey, Charity's Stone|Bundy was correct in saying that most serial murderers are addicted to hardcore pornography. FBI records validate that point. Not every person exposed to obscenity will become a killer, of course, but too many will!
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|Go slowly, my lovely moon, go slowly.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|So many wish for magic so many beg for fame, but if you could manifest anything you want life would be a boring game.
Nikki Reed|Well first of all it's a business and it's a tough business, and you have to have the strength to survive all the set backs all the failures that make this a mean business, that's getting meaner and meaner every year in my opinion.
Matt Hilton|Conchar is an ancient Gaelic term for those who admire the king of all hunters: the wolf.To some, the wolf is a magnificent beast, the pinnacle of predatory evolution. To others, the wolf is a thing of nightmare.
Sarah Addison Allen, The Girl Who Chased the Moon|He stood there, glowing like the sun, and stared at her like she was the unbelievable one.
Goodall, Jane|When I was young, I knew that, somehow, I would go to Africa and live with animals. And I wanted to write books about them. I don't think I spent too much time wondering exactly how I would do it. I just felt sure that the right opportunity would somehow come. I didn't feel frustrated because I could not go a really long trip while Rusty was still alive. It would have seemed like a betrayal. And while I waited I went on learning.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|It is "humanism" that should run in the veins of the thinking humanity, not a certain gender-oriented "ism". This entire book is a treatise on gender equality, and as such, it may be hailed as a work of feminism, but it is not - it is a work of humanism.
Thomas Van Nortwick, Imagining Men: Ideals of Masculinity in Ancient Greek Culture|our contemporary ideas about manliness, reflected in action movies and westerns, generally prohibit so-called real men from displaying high emotion, with the exception of anger. John Wayne doesn’t cry. By contrast, Achilles, the epitome of manliness in Homer’s Iliad, weeps openly and at length over the loss of his friend Patroclus.
Betty Hill|Fifty percent of our country that we own, have all legal jurisdiction, have all rights to do whatever we want, lies beneath the sea and we have better maps of Mars than that 50 percent.
J.D. Salinger, Last Day of the Last Furlough|It is arrogant to pretend to understand everybody, and doing it in order to live with them, or love them-- well. If it depended on understanding, there would not be any communities, or relationships. Worse, if you spend your life waiting to be understood or, something more horrible, waiting for the others to be like you. Well, it is as useless, as always shouting the same word until it means nothing else.
Charles Bukowski, The Roominghouse Madrigals: Early Selected Poems, 1946-1966|The Waterfall and the Sea""Her love and passion are a waterfall, fed from the wellspring of her heart,gently tumbling into a pool, preparing herself to share her gifts.His passion and love are like the sea, deep and wide, waiting mysteriously,Patiently he awaits her, calling out through time and spaceShe hears his call, her pool overflowing.Her love and passion gushing over her banks she rushes toward himWinding and twisting she finds her way, destined to reach his shoresHe awaits her arrival as she opens her delta and his tide comes inTheir waters mingle every molecule of her river with his seaForever mixing and sharing their passion and love in that place betweenThe Waterfall and the Sea
Steve Goodier|To say, “I’ve been converted and that’s that,” is to say you have decided to quit growing. If life is about anything, it is about growing. The day I quit changing and learning is the day I die.
Julian Barnes, Nothing to Be Frightened Of|I couldn't blame anyone for what was in me, because I am, like everyone, populated entirely by myself.
M.R. James|Those who spend the greater part of their time in reading or writing books are, of course, apt to take rather particular notice of accumulations of books when they come across them. They will not pass a stall, a shop, or even a bedroom-shelf without reading some title, and if they find themselves in an unfamiliar library, no host need trouble himself further about their entertainment.
Robert Kazinsky|I'm happy to be content-maker as well as curator, so I'm happy to also be a presenter for amazing things.
Anna McPartlin, Apart From The Crowd|Well, they never know they're ill, do they? You can't diagnose yourself with the same organ that has the disease, just like you can't see your own eyeball. So, I suppose you just feel normal and the rest of the world seems to go crazy around you.
Guy Debord|Le spectacle est le mauvais rêve de la société moderne enchaînée, qui n'exprime finalement que son désir de dormir. Le spectacle est le gardien de ce sommeil.
Enza Vita|The one who believes himself to be a person needs to try to find that person. This is a solution, an antidote, offered to a ghost that thinks it actually exists.
Nicholas Sparks, The Rescue|You know how it is. You feel a little different because other people have two parents, even if they’re divorced. It’s like you grow up knowing that you’re missing something important that everyone else has, but you don’t know exactly what it is. I remember hearing my friends talking about how their fathers wouldn't let them stay out late or didn't like their boyfriends. It used to make me so angry because they didn't even realize what they had. Do you know what I mean?
Lemony Snicket, The Miserable Mill|Don't eat till you're full, eat till you're tired.
Gustave Flaubert|You know, in my music career there was a moment where the irony was just so heavy. There were people in my audience that were the reason I developed neuroses. These people that tortured my life were using my art, my poetry, as fuel for them, to torture other people.
Jay Asher, The Future of Us|You need to figure out what you want, Josh. If that means you need to swim against the tide to get it, at least youre aiming for something that could make you very happy.
Ha-Joon Chang, 23 Things They Don't Tell You About Capitalism|Because like all whores you value propriety. You are creature of capitalism, the ethics of which are so totally corrupt and hypocritical that your beauty is no more than the beauty of gold, which is to say false and cold and useless.
Eugene H. Peterson, Under the Unpredictable Plant an Exploration in Vocational Holiness|There is a long and well-documented tradition of wisdom in the Christian faith that any venture into leadership, whether by laity or clergy, is hazardous. it is necessary that there be leaders, but woe to those who become leaders.
Elizabeth Enright, Gone-Away Lake|He that has learned to feel his sins, and to trust Christ as a Saviour, has learned the two hardest and greatest lessons in Christianity.
Ellis Peters, The Raven in the Foregate|Bitter though it may be to many, Cadfael concluded, there is no substitute for truth, in this or any case.
Werley Nortreus, Invite Jesus Into Your Life !|So Jesus confronts us with himself, sets before us a radical choice between obedience and disobedience, and calls us to an unconditional commitment of mind, will and life to his teaching.
Will Durant, The Story of Philosophy: The Lives and Opinions of the World's Greatest Philosophers|Leo resisted the urge to throw a grenade in Frank's face. "I suppose I should know who Pelops was?""He was a prince, won his wife in a chariot race. Supposedly he started the Olympic games in honor of that."Hazel sniffed. "How romantic. 'Nice wife you have, Prince Pelops.' 'Thanks. I won her in a chariot race.
Nikos Kazantzakis|One of the things that I did before I ran for president is I was a professional speaker. Not a motivational speaker - an inspirational speaker. Motivation comes from within. You have to be inspired. That's what I do. I inspire people, I inspire the public, I inspire my staff. I inspired the organizations I took over to want to succeed.
Miriam Toews, Swing Low: A Life|There are no windows within the dark house of depression through which to see others, only mirrors.
Og Mandino, The Greatest Salesman in the World|My dreams are worthless, my plans are dust, my goals are impossible.All are of no value unless they are followed by action.
Ray Bradbury|I'm really hopeful about the future of space exploration and human spaceflight. Civilization as we know it has been defined by exploration. You know, we need to go off and find out what's around the next corner and what's just beyond what we already know. It's part of our being; it's part of our moral fiber to go off and explore.
Azar Nafisi, The Republic of Imagination: America in Three Books|correlation between the growing lack of respect for ideas and the imagination and the increasing gap between rich and poor in America, reflected not just in the gulf between the salaries of CEOs and their employees but also in the high cost of education, the incredible divide between private and public schools that makes all of the fine speeches by our policy makers— most of whom send their children to private schools anyway, just as they enjoy the benefits and perks of their jobs as servants of the people— all the more insidious and insincere.
Hiro Mashima|Is that your reason for fighting?! We're different!!! We fight for the sake of our injured friends!!! No matter if our opponents are humans, demons, or even gods!!!
Rachel Cohn, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|Well, well, well,” Santa said once the elf had retreated. “Come and sit on my lap, little boy.”This Santa’s beard was real, and so was his hair. He wasn’t fucking around.“I’m not really a little boy,” I pointed out.“Get on my lap, then, big boy.”I walked up to him. There wasn’t much lap under his belly. And even though he tried to disguise it, as I went up there, I swear he adjustedhis crotch.“Ho ho ho!” he chortled.I sat gingerly on his knee, like it was a subway seat with gum on it.“Have you been a good little boy this year?” he asked.I didn’t feel that I was the right person to determine my own goodness or badness, but in the interest of speeding along this encounter, I said yes.He actually wobbled with joy.“Good! Good! Then what can I bring you this Christmas?”I thought it was obvious.“A message from Lily,” I said. “That’s what I want for Christmas. But I want it right now.”“So impatient!” Santa lowered his voice and whispered in my ear. “But Santa does have a little something for you”—he shifted a little inhis seat—“right under his coat. If you want to have your present, you’ll have to rub Santa’s belly.”“What?” I asked.He gestured with his eyes down to his stomach. “Go ahead.”I looked closely and saw the faint outline of an envelope beneath his red velvet coat.“You know you want it,” he whispered.The only way I could survive this was to think of it as the dare it was.Fuck off, Lily. You can’t intimidate me.I reached right under Santa’s coat. To my horror, I found he wasn’t wearing anything underneath. It was hot, sweaty, Geshy, hairy … andhis belly was this massive obstacle, blocking me from the envelope. I had to lean over to angle my arm in order to reach it, the whole timehaving Santa laugh, “Oh ho ho, ho ho oh ho!” in my ear. I heard the elf scream, “What the hell!” and various parents start to shriek. Yes, I was feeling up Santa. And now the corner of the envelope was in my hand. He tried to jiggle it away from me, but I held tight and yanked itout, pulling some of his white belly hair with me. “OW ho ho!” he cried. I jumped o1 his lap. “Security’s here!” the elf proclaimed.The letter was in my hand, damp but intact.“He touched Santa!” a young child squealed.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|A smile is one of the most powerful and important body language cues we share with others—and as such a heartfelt emotion, it's impossible to express its effect on others in words.
Alexandria Rhodes, More Than You Know|- What’s there to talk about? I love you, you love me. Nothing else matters, love is the most important thing. The rest will come by itself.- No, Elida. You’re mistaken. Everything is important while sharing a life together. Love, honesty, habits, affinities. Everything. One is fulfilling the other and one can’t exist without the other.
Margaret Cho|If someone wants to suck your toes, those toes should be worth sucking.
Seth Shostak|Things are beautiful or ugly only in time and space. The new man's vision being liberated from these two factors, all is unified in one unique beauty.
Jay Woodman|Pain and anger have to go somewhere. If we keep stuffing them down instead of processing them, we’ll end up either turning them inward, which isn’t good, or outward, which is no better.
Hillary Rodham Clinton, It Takes a Village: And Other Lessons Children Teach Us|Let us admit that some government programs and personnel are efficient and effective, and others are not. Let us acknowledge that when it comes to the treatment of children, some individuals are evil, neglectful, or incompetent, but others are trying to do the best they can against daunting odds and deserve not our contempt but the help only we—through our government—can provide. Let us stop stereotyping government and individuals as absolute villains or absolute saviors, and recognize that each must be part of the solution. Let us use government, as we have in the past, to further the common good.
Georgi Y. Johnson, I Am Here: Opening the Windows of Life and Beauty|I decided to devote my life to telling my story because I felt that having survived I owe something to the world, and anyone who has endured the pain, the isolation and the betrayal of family members. I want survivors to know that they're not alone. I want children to have the opportunity to be happy and free from abuse.
Sandeep Sahajpal|If I was to sum up over three decades of togetherness with my better-half in one word, the only one that comes to my mind is ‘fulfilment’!
Jose Serrano|I guess music, particularly the blues, is the only form of schizophrenia that has organised itself into being both legal and beneficial to society.
Dennis Sharpe|Often, things are left unsaid. Everyone is guilty of thinking and feeling things... of loving or appreciating others... and of taking for granted that those others will just be there... to continue to share life's journey with...Then when one is gone... so quickly... all those things left unsaid... they matter more, because they were unspoken...Everyone fights their own battles inside themselves... often no one outside them even knows the wars that rage inside even those who they are closest to...I'd like to take the time, here and now, to tell all of you... those close to me, and those who aren't... those who matter so much... and those who have influenced me in even the smallest ways... all of you... that you matter. You are important. You are appreciated. Don't for a moment think otherwise. Don't, for even an instant, think or feel that you are not a wonder... a gift to the world... that makes it a better place to be... or that it would ever, in any way, be anything less than a tragedy for you to leave before your time.
RVM|In life, we must first learn to crawl, then stand, then walk, then run, and only then, fly. We cannot crawl into flying.
Auliq Ice|Divorce, she could see, would be like marriage - a power grab, as in who would be the dog, and who would be the owner of the dog.
André Breton, Nadja|What will be will be, so your determination is just extra-ordinary participant .
Bill W.|For the wise have always known that no one can make much of his life until self-searching has become a regular habit, until he is able to admit and accept what he finds, and until he patiently and persistently tries to correct what is wrong. – Bill W.
Moderata Fonte|Don’t we see that men’s rightful task is to go out to work and wear themselves out trying to accumulate wealth, as though they were our factors or stewards, so that we can remain at home like the lady of the house directing their work and enjoying the profit of their labors? That, if you like, is the reason why men are naturally stronger and more robust than us — they need to be, so they can put up with the hard labor they must endure in our service.
Christopher Hitchens|He didn't like religion, hadn't liked it for years, but he adored churches, loved them like old scientific instruments whose time is long past but are nevertheless fascinating and strange.
Sōseki Natsume|Use your intellect to guide you, and you will end up putting peopleoff. Rely on your emotions, and you will forever be pushed around.Force your will on others, and you will live in constant tension. Thereis no getting around it—people are hard to live with.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Not every gift must you stretch your hands to take! Sometimes, just put your hands by your side and humbly and courageously say thank you!
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|No matter how bad you feel, God never sees you as a reckless person. He may see you as a sinner who needs to be re-washed to get back to his old vision for His purpose, but He will never see you as a hopeless being who was created for nothing. Now if God will not see you as hopeless, why then should you see yourself that way? Be bold to say am qualified to dominate the world!
Catherine Merridale, Ivan's War: Life and Death in the Red Army, 1939-1945|Of the 403,272 tank soldiers (including a small number of women) who were trained by the Red Army in the war, 310,000 would die. Even the most optimistic troops knew what would happen when a tank was shelled. The white-hot flash of the explosion would almost certainly ignite the tank crew’s fuel and ammunition. At best, the crew—or those at least who had not been decapitated or dismembered by the shell itself—would have no more than ninety seconds to climb out of their cabin. Much of that time would be swallowed up as they struggled to open the heavy, sometimes red-hot, hatch, which might have jammed after the impact anyway. The battlefield was no haven, but it was safer than the armored coffin that would now begin to blaze, its metal components to melt. This was not simply “boiling up.” The tank would also torch the atmosphere around it. By then, there could be no hope for the men inside. Not unusually, their bodies were so badly burned that the remains were inseparable. “Have you burned yet?” was a question tank men often asked each other when they met for the first time. A dark joke from this stage in the war has a politruk informing a young man that almost every tank man in his group has died that day. “I’m sorry,” the young man replies. “I’ll make sure that I burn tomorrow.
Alex Malley|Earn your confidence, nurture it, then help to build it in others.
Karon Waddell|The goal in life is not to try and live forever, but to create something that will forever live in people’s hearts.
Ken Follett, The Pillars of the Earth|It was the study hour. Most of the monks were reading. A few were meditating, an activity that was suspiciously similar to dozing.
Scott Joffe|It's love for my profession that keep me coming back, not the money. I'd work as hard to make $50.00 as I would $5,000.00. I never scoff at an opportunity to earn a living, regardless of the size of the carrot at the end of the stick.
William Jay, The Christian Contemplated in a Course of Lectures|So necessary is it not only that we should be what we appear, but appear what we are.
Marianne Williamson, Tears to Triumph: The Spiritual Journey from Suffering to Enlightenment|The soul theoretically is the purview of religion. But in today’s society, relatively few people look to religion to truly heal their despair – and for understandable reason. In most ways organized religion has abdicated its role of spiritual comforter, if not through its own malfeasance, the at least through dissociation from the soulfulness at the core of its mission.Modern psychotherapy has taken up some the slack, and yet it too fails deliver when it doesn the soult necessary to heal our emotional pain. The psychotherapeutic profession has now turned to the pharmaceutical industry to compensate for its frequent lack of effectiveness, yet the pharmaceutical industry lacks the ability to do more about our sadness than to numb it.
Maxim Gorky, Mother|We must come to the inevitable conclusion that the guerrilla is a social reformer, who takes up arms responding to the angry protests of the people against their oppressors, and who fights to change the social system that keeps all his unarmed brothers in ignominy and poverty.
Geraldine Brooks, The Secret Chord|This night he was a king before he was a man. At this time, this troubled me. Later, I would have cause to wish it were always so.
Gary Younge, Another Day in the Death of America: A Chronicle of Ten Short Lives|Probably in no other place on earth, is there a gathering of all mankind with different skin pigmentation, hair colours and textures, eye colours, tongues, cultures, beliefs or lack of any thereof, inclinations, and desires, and they peacefully (mostly) coexist.This is what makes America, the United States.
Ambrose Bierce|For me, it's sad to say, but I would probably have a spiritual marriage but not a legal marriage, because I think so much about marriage starts to become about finances. It has nothing to do with God or feelings or the romantic side of marriage. It's about who owns what, who gets what? So what's the point?
Barbara Shook Hazen|To Savor The Scene, A Book, or A Friend.
David Nicholls, One Day|No, friends were like clothes: fine while they lasted but eventually they wore thin or you grew out of them.
Dada Bhagwan|God requires two things: ‘pure love’ and ‘true justice’. Everywhere else there is relative justice. Where ‘pure love’ and ‘true justice’ exist, there comes the grace of God!
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|The time scale for evolutionary or genetic change is very long. A characteristic period for the emergence of one advanced species from another is perhaps a hundred thousand years; and very often the difference in behavior between closely relatedspecies-say, lions and tigers-do not seem very great... But today we do not have ten million years to wait for the next advance. We live in a time when our world is changing at an unprecedented rate. While the changes are largely of our own making, they cannot be ignored. We must adjust and adapt andcontrol, or we perish.
Mario Puzo, The Godfather|Is it so bad, then, to be misunderstood? Pythagoras was misunderstood, and Socrates, and Jesus, and Luther, and Copernicus, and Galileo, and Newton, and every pure and wise spirit that ever took flesh. To be great is to be misunderstood.
David Byrne|This is going to sound ridiculous, but I remember watching 'Boyz n the Hood,' and there is a scene where Cuba Gooding, Jr. gets pressed against a car by a police officer, and he starts crying because it's so humiliating. I remember thinking in that moment that I could totally identify with him, and I'm a little white kid from Canada.
Lady Gaga|When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everyone will respect you.
Sandra A. Cusack|There is new research showing that our creative potential increases with age. Our creativity is a product of our inner and outer experience, and as we get older, we have all kinds of experience to draw on. Also, research tells us that creativity brings energy, vitality and good health.
Lydia Zinovieva-Annibal, The Silver Age of Russian Culture: An Anthology|If Metias joined the Patriots, he'd be a Hacker too. If he were alive.
Ludwig Mies van der Rohe|The problem of architecture has always been the same throughout time. Its authentic quality is reached through its proportions, and the proportions cost nothing. In fact, most of them are proportions among things, not the things themselves. Art is almost always a question of proportions.
B.F. Skinner, Beyond Freedom and Dignity|A person who has been punished is not thereby simply less inclined to behave in a given way; at best, he learns how to avoid punishment.
Jennifer A. Nielsen|You stole it from the master.""Who stole it from me. What I did simply set the universe back in order.
Morgan Rhodes, Frozen Tides|If every mortal looks at others as their friends, not as their enemies, the world would be a much better place, wouldn't it?
Andrew Carnegie|Understanding that being nervous, having doubts and lacking confidence are emotions that are human is how you deal with it. It is okay to feel that way... and then understanding that you can work through it.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We can’t go on much longer morally. We can’t go on much longer scientifically. The technology that was supposed to save us is ready to destroy us. New weapons are being made all the time, including chemical and biological weapons. Today the only bright spot on the horizon of this world is the promise of the coming again of Christ.
Criss Jami|Anyone who thinks he's too small to make a difference has never been bit by a mosquito", I'd tell people.
Lev Grossman, The Magician King|Being a hero, the man had observed, is largely a matter of knowing one’s cues.
Victoria Osteen|It's human nature that if you get 20 positive comments and one negative one, you're going to focus on the negative. We all do that. It can be something that drags you down. It's easy to get bogged down with it, but I try to concentrate on the good things.
Carlos Heleno, A Comprehensive Guide to Getting Hired Teaching: Achieve Your Ideal Teaching Position|If we can recognize what makes us unique and how we can positively impact our students, then we can make teaching much more meaningful and learning much more rewarding—essentially, a transformative experience for our students.
Karl Marx, The Communist Manifesto|In proportion therefore, as the repulsiveness of the work increases, the wage decreases.
Primula Bond|With a shudder of excitement, and without giving herself a moment to second-guess what she was about to do, she reached up to take his face in her hands and pressed her lips to his. For a frozen moment he didn’t react, and she could feel her heart thudding in her throat, but then he groaned into her mouth and pulled her tightly against him. And God, he was a good kisser. She’d certainly never been kissed with such expertise. Somehow he was making her feel the kiss in places he wasn’t even touching.And then she stopped thinking.
Manasa Rao|I'm at that stage of life where I don't even care of people like me anymore. If you like me, Cool. If you don't, Okay!
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|In fact, there is nothing we can conceive of that is not energy. It doesn’t just infuse everything; it is everything.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|In Maycomb, if one went for a walk with no definite purpose in mind, it was correct to believe one's mind incapable of definite purpose.
Annie Dillard|Last year I had a very unusual experience. I was awake, with my eyes closed, when I had a dream. It was a small dream about time. I was dead, I guess, in deep blank space high up above many white stars. My own consciousness had been disclosed to me, and I was happy. Then I saw far below me a long, curved band of color. As I came closer, I saw that it stretched endlessly in either direction, and I understood that I was seeing all the time of the planet where I had lived. It looked like a woman’s tweed scarf; the longer I studied any one spot, the more dots of color I saw. There was no end to the deepness and variety of dots. At length I started to look for my time, but, although more and more specks of color and deeper and more intricate textures appeared in the fabric, I couldn’t find my time, or any time at all that I recognized as being near my time. I couldn’t make out so much as a pyramid. Yet as I looked at the band of time, all the individual people, I understood with special clarity, were living at that very moment with great emotion, in intricate, detail, in their individual times and places, and they were dying and being replaced by ever more people, one by one, like stitches in which wholly worlds of feeling and energy were wrapped in a never-ending cloth. I remembered suddenly the color and texture of our life as we knew it- these things had been utterly forgotten- and I thought as I searched for it on the limitless band, “that was a good time then, a good time to be living.” And I began to remember our time.	I recalled green fields with carrots growing, one by one, in slender rows. Men and women in bright vests and scarves came and pulled the carrots out of the soil and carried them in baskets to shaded kitchens, where they scrubbed them with yellow brushes under running water. I saw white-faced cattle lowing and wading in creeks. I saw May apples in forests, erupting through leaf-strewn paths. Cells on the root hairs of sycamores split and divided, and apples grew spotted and striped in the fall. Mountains kept their cool caves and squirrels raced home to their nests through sunlight and shade. 	I remembered the ocean, and I seemed to be in the ocean myself, swimming over orange crabs that looked like coral, or off the deep Atlantic banks where whitefish school. Or again I saw the tops of poplars, and the whole sky brushed with clouds in pallid streaks, under which wild ducks flew with outstretched necks, and called, one by one, and flew on.	All these things I saw. Scenes grew in depth and sunlit detail before my eyes, and were replaced by ever more scenes, as I remember the life of my time with increasing feeling.	At last I saw the earth as a globe in space, and I recalled the ocean’s shape and the form of continents, saying to myself with surprise as I looked at the planet, “yes, that’s how it was then, that part there was called France.” I was filled with the deep affection of nostalgia- and then I opened my eyes.	We all ought to be able to conjure up sights like these at will, so that we can keep in mind the scope of texture’s motion in time.
Jonathan Harnum, The Practice of Practice|No matter what gifts you have, practice is the only way to get better at anything."If people knew how hard I had to work to gain my mastery it would not seem so wonderful at all” - Michael Angelo
Tullian Tchividjian|They made me one of them, a part of a family in a way I never had been before. Beyond gratitude and obligation, I chose them. I chose them because they love me, because they accept me, and maybe because they’re wild and rowdy. Maybe because they brought me to my mother. And I still choose them. They brought me to him, and for that, they’ll always have my loyalty. Because he was my salvation.
Tony Kushner, Angels in America|Personal disillusionment accompanied by self-pity and self-loathing are the Achilles’ heel of modern humankind, representing the weakness of the human spirit.
J.R. Richardson, Cursed be the Wicked|You don't smile enough, Coop.I smile, I tell her defensively. She puts a hand on my shoulder and squares off with me.But not like you mean it.
Oliver Goldsmith|We learn about life not from plusses alone, but from minuses as well.
Fabrizio Moreira, The Gift That Would Change My Life|I don't buy dreams, i buy actions
Bruno Bettelheim, The Uses of Enchantment: The Meaning and Importance of Fairy Tales|the association of children and fairy-stories is an accident of our domestic history. Fairy-stories have in the modern lettered world been relegated to the “nursery,” as shabby or old-fashioned furniture is relegated to the play-room, primarily because the adults do not want it, and do not mind if it is misused.
Russ Ramsey, Struck: One Christian's Reflections on Encountering Death|To walk in faith is to confess that we do not know what awaits us, and the faith I have embraced does not promise an easy road.
Winifred Gallagher, Rapt: Attention and the Focused Life|Arguably the mos intriguing characteristic assessed by the Multidimensional Personality Questionnaire (MPQ), a widely used test developed by the University of Minnesota's eminent psychologist Auke Tellegen, is "absorption," which describes a particular style of focusing. If you get a high score in this trait, you're naturally inclined toward what he calls a "respondent" or "experiential" way of focusing.
Greg Lynn|I wouldn't say design has become strictly functional. A lot of cars these days look downright comic book to me, and the info-gadgets with which late industrial people spend the most time - phones, music players, etc. - are blobjects.
C.S. Lewis, The Weight of Glory|To what end, he wondered, had the Divine created the stars in heaven to fill a man with feelings of inspiration one day and insignificance the next?
Jettie Necole, Ruby|There he was, her confidant—strong, solid, and unbending.
Gwyneth Paltrow|I don't worry. I'm more stoical. Of course I have insecurities. I fear getting older. I fear death and illness. I'm not prone to depression, but I get depressed because everybody gets depressed. Suddenly I'm away from my family or doing a job I'm not enjoying.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|If we expect to “know” the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth, we may have a hard time seeing the whole picture, since the truth is a willful construction that allows us often merely to “guess”. ("Hinter der Mattscheibe")
Lurlene McDaniel, Angel of Hope|His hands as he worked were deft and sure, but so gentle -- he was being careful not to hurt me any more than he had to. I sat very still, hardly daring to move.I was in love with him.The knowledge swept through me, truer than anything I'd ever known. Oh, my God, I was in love with him.
Kaitlin D.S. Cammie|those who get upset for being treated the way that they treat others, will never understand why others treat them the way that they treat others.
Mark Zero, The French Art of Revenge|The French have a penchant for absolutism, for thinking that things are all one way or all another, which is why their politics are marked by a general inability to compromise and why they tend to hold their personal opinions until the bitter end, even after they have clearly lost an argument.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|Where are the people?” resumed the little prince at last. “It’s a little lonely in the desert…” “It is lonely when you’re among people, too,” said the snake.
Kamand Kojouri|Knowing you,I became mindless.Having wasted previous wishes,I'm riddled with regretsFeeling you,I became hopeless.Adrift in chasms,I surrender to a caress.Loving you,I became love.My universe became love.Planets rotate on love's axes andapples fall to be near their beloveds.No longer a rationalist, I assert my existence with love. I love, therefore I exist,therefore I love.
Leslie Caron|In order to have great happiness, you have to have great pain and unhappiness-otherwise how would you know when you're happy?
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|Naturally the descendants of survivors meet regularly with phenomena in the course of their lives which, for the parents, are in associative connection with the suppressed fearful memories. These phenomena are carriers of grave memories for the survivor parent. The heightened emotional tension, hyperactivity of the parents and grandparents when the child eats or excretes draws the child's attention to the fact that behind these phenomena lies some unknown, painful, shameful secret.
Walter Wangerin Jr., Paul|I was so nearly happy. There remained only a tiny something, something unexplained and inexplicable that buzzed in my ear when the lights were out, like a malarial mosquito.
Adrienne Kress|we as authors have been writing about people we aren't for forever. We find a way to empathise, we find a way in. Female characters are no different. All they are are characters. They are people too. Instead of asking yourself, "How do I write this female soldier?" ask yourself, "How do I write this soldier? Where is she from, how was she raised, does she have a sense of humour? Is she big and tall, is she short and petite? How does her size affect her ability to fight? What is her favourite weapon, her least favourite? Why? Is she more logical than emotional? The other way around? Was she an only child and spoiled, was she the eldest of six siblings and a surrogate mother? How does that upbringing affect how she interacts with her team? etc etc and so forth." Notice how the first question gets you some kind of broad, generalised answer, likely resulting in a stereotype, and how the second version asks lots and lots of smaller questions with the goal of creating someone well rounded.One would hope, really, that we as authors ask such detailed questions of all our characters, regardless of gender.So let me, at long last, actually answer the original question:"How do I write a female character?"Write her the way you would write any other character. Give her dimension, give her strength but please also don't forget to give her weaknesses (for a totally strong nothing can beat her kind of girl is not a person, she's again a type - the polar opposite yet exactly the same as the damsel in distress).Create a person.
Joseph Prince|Right out of high school I never had the fear of getting beat, which is how most people lose.
Dejan Stojanovic|When there is noise and crowds, there is trouble; When everything is silent and perfect, There is just perfection and nothing To fill the air.
Sunday Adelaja|The pity is not that there is a myth of Sylvia Plath but that the myth is not simply that of an enormously gifted poet whose death came carelessly, by mistake, and too soon.
Élisabeth Badinter, The Conflict: How Modern Motherhood Undermines the Status of Women|Bushes may not be eloquent explaining emotion, but George HW Bush's mother knew enough to be in position with her children were ready to talk. She waited up not just to ensure safety but to make the most of the moment of excited emotions. The next morning, they would congeal into polite, one-word answers.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sign and Its Children|When everything hurries everywhere, nothing goes anywhere.
Mark McKinnon|On March 12, 2004, acting attorney general James B. Comey and the Justice Department's top leadership reached the brink of resignation over electronic surveillance orders that they believed to be illegal.
Stephan Attia, The Rising Lines of Wonderment: Poetry|Break, break, break,On thy cold gray stones, O Sea!And I would that my tongue could utterThe thoughts that arise in me.O, well for the fisherman's boy,That he shouts with his sister at play!O, well for the sailor lad,That he sings in his boat on the bay!And the stately ships go onTo their haven under the hill;But O for the touch of a vanished hand,And the sound of a voice that is still!Break, break, break,At the foot of thy crags, O Sea!But the tender grace of a day that is deadWill never come back to me.
Clifton Fadiman|Experience keeps a dear school, but fools will learn in no other.
Matthew Donnelly|The true Renaissance person is endowed with panoramic attention.... The habit of noticing the ensemble of everything and its constituent parts is a matter of will, not of innate aptitude. It involves the conscious noticing of things and the gaps that separate and connect them.
Michael Brent Jones, Dinner Party: Part 2|Pride is not looked at as a weakness, though it is the epitome of it. You might hear 'oh that poor alcoholic probably had an awful upbringing' but you never hear any sympathy for a prideful person, 'poor thing is probably horribly insecure, maybe we should validate him as a person to help him out.' That's what you should hear, but you won’t. What I will say though, is that the key to curing pride is not so much in loving others more, but actually in loving yourself more. Loving your neighbor as yourself does no good if you don’t love yourself.
Taimoor Madni|Never expect someone to care for you or to care about your feelings and emotios Everyone's fucking heartless, people just don't give a damn about your stupid feelings or your boring stories. People only know how to fool you around and use you for their own benefits.
Christine Rawlins, A Vision of God|...there is a constant theme at the centre of all her writings which forms the heart of her vision of God, From her earliest novel to the mature vision of her autobiography, the central importance of unity, reconciliation, one-ness, is reiterated; for she came increasingly to see everything in life, even the darkness of fear and pain and suffering, as part of the one perfect whole that is Creation, that tiny hazelnut of Dame Julian's vision that was all that is made.
Heather London, Fall from Love|I realized that life doesn't work that way-that just because you have dreams and make plans, it doesn't mean that they will come true.
Kenneth|I felt need. It was you. I can never allow myself to need you. So, my only choice is to make you need me, because ridding myself of you is no longer an option.
Jackson Taviri|If the fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom, then the love of GOD is the apex of it!
William Shakespeare, Richard II|Each substance of grief hath twenty shadows, which shows like grief itself, but is not so; or sorrow's eye, glazed with blinding tears, divides one thing entire to many objects: like perspectives which, rightly gaz'd upon, show nothing but confusion:
Lu Guanqiu|The format of the race weekend is also very well thought out. We have enough practice time to get the cars well set-up and have a proper qualifying session where we can do as many laps as we like, which is great for the drivers and spectators.
Cristin Harber, Savage Secrets|- He's young, good-looking and new in town. And He's got the local bullies in his sights. There's no justice here, but justice is coming...NO JUSTICE, the addictive new adult thriller that everyone is talking about
Sandhya Jane|Best timepass for idle person is to find another and gossip, without realising that there are superlative degrees of idle, idler, and idlest.
Andrew Motion|A family with the wrong members in control; that, perhaps, is as near as one can come to describing England in a phrase.
Dave DiGrazie|Good literature is one key to peace. When we stop reading each other, when we stop paying attention to each other's words and stories, we too easily oppose one another.
Richard Bach|What is important in life is life, and not the result of life.
Nina George, The Little Paris Bookshop|Star light, Star brightI wish upon the stars tonight…I whispered your name to a star last nightLoudly, and so boldI closed my eyes, and saw your faceI spoke those words untoldI wish I may, I wish I mightIt shouted from my soulHave this wish, I wish tonightThe wish that won’t let go
M. Beth Bloom, Drain You|We weren't really friends yet, just knowers of each other's secret stuff.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|My darling I still love you,no matter that you're gone.You'll always be with me,forever and ever more.
E.A. Bucchianeri, A Compendium of Essays: Purcell, Hogarth and Handel, Beethoven, Liszt, Debussy, and Andrew Lloyd Webber|... true evil needs no reason to exist, it simply is and feeds upon itself.
Pearl S. Buck, The Eternal Wonder|This LIFE is NOT about a BIG house, VALUABLE things, a FULL bank account or a POWERFUL status. It’s about having a BIG open mind and heart that respects and accepts differences. It’s about VALUING your family, friends & being grateful for the little things.It’s about FILLING your heart and soul full of love and laughter, making the best of each day while you can. It’s about having the POWER to have a positive attitude and show kindness even when you’re dealing with your own adversity. THAT’S what this LIFE is all about!
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of the Island: Anne Shirley Series #3|She wondered if old dreams could haunt rooms - if, when one left forever the room where she had joyed and suffered and laughed and wept, something of her, intangible and invisible, yet nonetheless real, did not remain behind like a voiceful memory.
Charlotte Elizabeth Tonna, Chapters on Flowers|Lancelot and Guinevere – they looked like two flowers, bright enough to turn to each other for sunlight.
Jill Briscoe, Faith Enough To Finish|God has a habit of using people, their gifts, and their resources to carry out His plans. In fact, we were created to be God’s deputies, doing His work on earth.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Be bold! You will then see that life will find no time to attack you, because you are attacking it!
Meg Cabot, Darkest Hour|I finally found my way to the Really Restricted Section, where they keep the kind of books most scholars aren't even supposed to know exist. I knocked on the closed door, said the proper passwords, and the door opened before me. I walked in, and the ghost of the Head Librarian, a thin, dusty presence, with dark eyes and a disapproving look, appeared before me, blocking my way. (He had been eaten by a book, then brought back by the other books, apparently because they approved of him. Because even though he didn't have much time for people, he loved books.)
Megan Fox|I like old movies, screwball comedies, vintage clothes, and basically I'm an old-fashioned gal.
Theodore Roosevelt, The Man in the Arena: Selected Writings|The citizen must have high ideals, and yet he must be able to achieve them inpractical fashion.
Simon Bolivar|Damn it, how will I ever get out of this labyrinth?
Sanchit Gupta, The Tree with a Thousand Apples|For us Deewan Bhai, whatever it takes
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|All beings are made up of LifeParticles, and ceaselessly interact and communicate on this deeper level of reality. Through this connection, all beings affect and reflect each other. Whatever we do, we do to ourselves. Whatever comes out of us comes back.
Paulo Coelho, Manuscript Found in Accra|Once again I had the desolating sense of having all along ignored what was finest in him. Perhaps it was just the incongruity of seeing him aloft and stricken, since he was by nature someone who carried others. I didn't think he knew how to act or even how to feel as the object of help.
Aishah Madadiy, Bits of Heaven|I don't like the memories because the tears come easily, and once again I break my promise to myself for this day. It's a constant battle. a war between remembering and forgetting.
Lucius Annaeus Seneca|Feeling gratitude isn't born in us - it's something we are taught, and in turn, we teach our children.
Sherwood Anderson, Death in the Woods and Other Stories|I don’t miss anyone. If I did I would do something about it. Besides, some people come back...in dreams. That’s when they’re honest.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|The zipper displaces the button and a man lacks just that much time to think while dressing at dawn, a philosophical hour, and thus a melancholy hour.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Accept God's love, unconditional love.
Eugene Mirman, The Will to Whatevs: A Guide to Modern Life|You can only rule over a subject race, especially when you are in a small minority, if you honestly believe yourself to be racially superior, and it helps towards this if you can believe that the subject race is biologically different.
Paul Zane Pilzer|To create a new business that makes money, and more significantly, employs others, and more significantly, gives a product to a customer that improves their life, is our greatest challenge, our greatest opportunity, and the greatest gift, far greater than any charity that we can give our fellow person.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Integrity is doing what is right and truthful, and doing as you say you would do.
Ian Mortimer, The Time Traveller's Guide to Medieval England: A Handbook for Visitors to the Fourteenth Century|The problem is we are not eating food anymore, we are eating food like products. (Hungry For Change Film)
John Moore|He turned his gaze upon her, and their eyes not only met, the pupils shook hands, exchanged business cards, and sat down for tea together.
John Donne, The Complete English Poems|Licence my roving hands, and let them go Before, behind, between, above, below.
Leonard Nimoy, Shekhina|Prayer Against the DarknessShekhinaPray for us now bound with scripture and shielded with shawlArmed with passion and loving carePray for us now against suffering, turmoil, and injusticePray for us now against the chaos of the dark.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|It had never occurred to him that he should live in any other than what he would have called an ordinary way, with green glasses for hock, and excellent waiting at table. In warming himself at French social theories he had brought away no smell of scorching. We may handle even extreme opinions with impunity while our furniture, our dinner-giving, and preference for armorial bearings in our own ease, link us indissolubly with the established order.
Louise Penny, The Long Way Home|There are times now, and my life has changed so completely, that I think back on the early years and I find myself thinking: It was not that bad. Perhaps it was not. But there are times, too—unexpected—when walking down a sunny sidewalk, or watching the top of a tree bend in the wind, or seeing a November sky close down over the East River, I am suddenly filled with the knowledge of darkness so deep that a sound might escape from my mouth, and I will step into the nearest clothing store and talk with a stranger about the shape of sweaters newly arrived. This must be the way most of us maneuver through the world, half knowing, half not, visited by memories that can’t possibly be true. But when I see others walking with confidence down the sidewalk, as though they are free completely from terror, I realize I don’t know how others are. So much of life seems speculation.
Ann Landers|The closer one gets to the top  the more one finds there is no "top."
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords|Decide, first, to simply be.
Deyth Banger|If your pain is the same like somebody else, I think that this will be the best couple it will be.
Ogwo David Emenike|To get leaders to become stakeholders in ministry and to understand the DNA of your church, you must invest in them, equip them, and raise the bar of accountability.
Viraj J. Mahajan, Derivation of Life|She was few inches taller than him and when for the first time her promising eyes met with his, he knew it would be more than friendship. He was too young to name that feeling then. But love...above all relationships knows no age.
Richie Norton|Life is a lesson, when you could get it over by your hands, means you just learned it well.
James Madison|I mean, it's the life lessons that I suppose you learn that nobody gets a free ride and that you do the best you can with the means that you can and try to open yourself to as much knowledge and all that that you can.
Elizabeth George, Prayers to Calm Your Heart: Finding the Path to More Peace and Less Stress|Each time you turn your life issues over to God and allow Him to lead, you build trust in Him.
John Updike|I don't think secrets agree with me, I feel rumpled up in mind since you told me that…
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|Grover and Nico came back from their walk, and Grover helped me fix up my wounded arm."It's green!" Nico said with delight.
Joseph Tson|In his sermon on the baptism of the Spirit, Chamberlain points out Peter's focus in Acts 2. The amazing work of enabling the apostles to speak languages in which they had not been trained drew the attention of the crowd so Peter could address them. No doubt, they wanted an in-depth explanation. But Peter uses this incident to point to Christ and uses the attention he has to fully explain the Gospel – NOT to sensationalize a gift of the Spirit.
Mark McKinnon|I have a mentor. I have... guides. I have a lot of guides. Not a lot, but people whose opinions I really respect and who I will turn to.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|He knows every hair on your head, and he sees every tear you shed.
Gary Johnson|National data on evictions aren't collected, although national data on foreclosures are. And so if anyone wants to, kind of, get to know any statistical research about evictions, they have to really dig in the annals of legal records.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, The Essays of Ralph Waldo Emerson|It's nice to be liked, but it's better to be respected.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|What I had to say to you, moreover, would not take long, to wit: Practice any art, music, singing, dancing, acting, drawing, painting, sculpting, poetry, fiction, essays, reportage, no matter how well or badly, not to get money and fame, but to experience becoming, to find out what’s inside you, to make your soul grow. Seriously! I mean starting right now, do art and do it for the rest of your lives…. You have experienced becoming, learned a lot more about what’s inside you, and you have made your soul grow.
Rosemary Sutcliff, Sword at Sunset|It is lonely never to have been loved, only devoured.
Herta Müller, The Hunger Angel|Stung, I lifted my eyes to his and saw them as if for the first time. Eyes the color of rain, soft as dew and strong enough to etch a mountainside. Tears shimmered there — tears, ay Mother! Or maybe they were in my own eyes.
John C. Calhoun|The Korean War, which China entered on the side of North Korea, fixed Mao's image in the United States as another unappeasable Communist.
Nido Qubein|When a goal matters enough to a person, that person will find a way to accomplish what at first seemed impossible.
Lisa McMann|Because our power is motivating, and gives momentum and ownership of changes to those who dream of failure.
Yogi Vini|Keep flowing even its good or bad. Stilness is ultimate result of flow, path of yoga is to keep flowing.
Michalopoulos Angelos|Pay no attention to the smartest, the prettiest, the richest, the most refined person you know. Welcome to your heart only the one who has kindness in his soul. All the rest of them, if they are not kind people in addition to what they are, at some point will harm you, putting their personal interest above all, crushing any part of your soul it does not suit them for you to have, turning any serenity of yours into a cage full of destructive storms.
Michael Benningfield|A friend once told me "Michael, if you were a villain, you'd be the Joker," to which I replied, "no, dear friend - if the Joker were a villain, he'd be ME.
Kenneth Eade, Killer.com|The principal differences between law and science are as follows:1. In the administration of the law, facts are necessary to enable the umpire (jury, judge) to decide whether rules have been broken and, if so, the type of penalty to apply. In science, facts are necessary to form new or better theories and to develop novel applications (for example, drugs, machines). Novelty is not a positive value in law. Instead, the lawyer looks for precedent. For the scientist, however, novelty is a value; new facts and theories are sought, whether or not they will prove useful. 2. If we endeavor to change objects or persons, the distinction between law (both as law making and law enforcing) and applied science disappears. In applying scientific knowledge, one seeks to change objects, or persons, into new forms. The scientific technologist may thus wish to shape a plastic material into the form of a chair, or a delinquent youth into a law-abiding adult. The aims of the legislator and the judge are often the same. Thus, legislators may wish to change people from drinkers into nondrinkers; or judges many want to change fathers who fail to support their dependent wives and children into fathers who do. This [is a] "therapeutic" function of law.
Max Brooks, World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War|A man should be able to hear, and to bear, the worst that could be said of him.
Charles de Gaulle|The men who abandon themselves to the passions of this miserable life, are compared in Scripture to beasts.
Elizabeth Wurtzel|What we women need to do, instead of worrying about what we don't have, is just love what we do have.
Melissa Simmons, Best Thing I Never Had|What is your preference?" She felt nearly sick asking this question."My preference is to pack you in my suitcase,but those TSA people are so picky,and there's some kind of stupid regulation about human trafficing and-""Justin. This is serious.
Raubin Chaudhary|He hid in the crowd, she hid in herself.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|we were not born the same, we are all not born with the same abilities and capabilities, but no matter what seed God has given to us, be it small or big, He expects a good returns from us in the end and we must endeavor to be good stewards and managers of our abilities and capabilities regardless of where we live and the challenges we face!
Christina Engela, Bugspray|A great deal of what I say just leaves me open, I suppose, to a vast amount of misunderstanding. A great deal of what I say is based on an assumption which I hold and don’t always state. You know my fury about people is based precisely on the fact that I consider them to be responsible, moral creatures who so often do not act that way. But I am not surprised when they do. I am not that wretched a pessimist, and I wouldn’t sound the way I sound if I did not expect what I expect from human beings, if I didn’t have some ultimate faith and love, faith in them and love for them. You see, I am a human being too, and I have no right to stand in judgment of the world as though I am not a part of it. What I am demanding of other people is what I am demanding of myself.'- James Baldwin
Brad Sherman|Sane judgment abhors nothing so much as a picture perpetrated with no technical knowledge, although with plenty of care and diligence.
Akshay Vasu|Every single time you looked at me, through the corner of your eye and smiled. My heart pushed the ribs with all the force towards my lungs, until it got crushed and I could not breathe anymore.
Ramona Ausubel, A Guide to Being Born: Stories|You must have come from very far down," Alice says to the fish, "to have your own lantern.
Jessica Lemmon, If You Dare|They’d used sex instead of communication in the past, and it had turned out disastrously.
Ned Hayes, The Eagle Tree|I fall for centuries of life. First sunlight touches this hillside; and buried inside the earth, a seed stirs, turning slowly in the deep soil like a tadpole turning itself in a dank pool.
Agha Kousar|Fear makes people do cruel things, things they'll be ashamed of later
Germaine Gibson, Theme Park Erotica|-Now the paperwork –	-What if I don’t want to do the Ultimate, right away? Maybe I want to ease into this thing gently.-No you don’t.-I might. I might just want to ease into the activity, the idea of it.-it’ll be fine, said Rebecca.-you will be fine, and no regrets, honestly. Jillian took me over to the desk.-No possible regrets, said Rebecca, just sign this, she handed me a sheaf of forms.-Jesus I don’t want to buy the place, I scanned the pages – 45 pages.-just fill in page 25 through28 and sign.-Pages 25 through 28, what is this?Rebecca took the pages of forms from my hand – look its simple stuff, here we’ll read it through. Jillian looked over her shoulder at the pages-weight?-what?- Say 110, Jillian said.-Height?-5’ 8’’, Jillian again.-Hair length?-What? Why?-Long, Jillian again.-Cup size?- O come on.- say C-how about say nothing, I was getting angry-Shaved or bikini or natural?-Fuck offRebecca ticked a box anyway – well she was at the waxing too. Why ask in fact?-Last menstrual cycle?- enough, enough, give me those papers-Yes ignore that, said Rebecca taking the pages away from my grasping hand-Tested? she said this to Jillian-Tested? What tested? What do you mean tested?-Yes, said Jillian, I forwarded a blood sample from the main island-You what!-You were sleeping.-Great now sign here, Rebecca handed me a page and a pen-Who has blood samples for a theme park?-Everyone-especially the staff, can’t have mi’lady getting STDsI took a breath-This is getting a bit weird guys are you sure? I mean, well this is a bit, weird.-We’re 100 and a million per cent sure, said Jillian- 100 million per cent, said Rebecca
Helen Rowland|Results for "A man is like a cat; chase him and he'll run; sit still and ignore him and he'll come purring at your feet
Sarah MacLean, Eleven Scandals to Start to Win a Duke's Heart|We are a motley bunch. But we more than make up for it with tenacity." ~ Ralston to Simon
Hilari Bell, The Sword of Waters|Fight, fight, fight and get that money, money, money. ’Cause happiness can’t buy even a nickel.
Dave Pelzer, A Child Called "It"|Sadness flies on the wings of the morning, and out of the heart of darkness comes the light.
Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out|The sinners to whom Jesus directed His messianic ministry were not those who skipped morning devotions or Sunday church. His ministry was to those whom society considered real sinners. They had done nothing to merit salvation. Yet they opened themselves to the gift that was offered them. On the other hand, the self-righteous placed their trust in the works of the Law and closed their hearts to the message of grace.
Michelle Obama|When they go low, we go high.
Airicka Phoenix, Octavian's Undoing|If an action must be taken that will benefit the majority at the cost of the minority, is it morally indefensible? If an action taken for the benefit of a majority occurs at the expense of a minority, is it moral action?
Caroline Kennedy, She Walks in Beauty: A Woman's Journey Through Poems|Falling in love is a series of moments in which the ordinary becomes extraordinary. Those moments are not continuous, but the sense of union with another person is just about the best thing there is.
Randa Abdel-Fattah|Despite our very recent appearance on the planet, humanity combines arrogance with increasing material demands, even as we become more numerous. Our toughness is a delusion. Have we the intelligence and discipline to vigilantly guard against our tendency to grow without limit?
A. Zavarelli, Crow|True sincerity works more than a magnet. It attracts, bond and take people farther far better than mere action and words!
Sarah Glenn Marsh, Fear the Drowning Deep|And with the melody came the unmistakable sound of water slapping against the rocks far below us, slowly eroding the foundation of Port Coire and everything I loved.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge|I have very vivid dreams - almost always action-adventure. I'm often on the run. I've always had dreams. When I was little, I'd go to sleep with my head on my hands, which were in fists like I was looking through a camera. I felt like sleep was the movies - just drifting off to the movies.
Dani Harper, Storm Warrior|Rhys—if that was even his real name—either believed what he was saying or he was a prime candidate for an Oscar. Because try as Morgan might, she couldn’t see any evidence that he was lying. He had to be crazy then, but everything about the whole situation was insane. After all, she was standing in her front yard in her pajamas, holding a naked man at the point of a garden hoe. She’d taken assertive action when she’d seen him lying in the grass, assuming he was drunk or something. Well, she’d gotten the upper hand all right. Now what was she supposed to do with the guy?
Stephanie Georgopulos|You’ll pass through highs and lows in life, and somehow, somewhere, you’ll lose the urge to call him up everytime something good or bad happens. For every song that reminds you of him, you’ll find five new ones that remind you of something better, something more important. You’ll stop thinking that the break-up was somehow your fault. You’ll finally see him for what he is, and yet you won’t hate him. No, it will not be hate, but indifference that will replace love.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|The joy and smile of even one child is worth more than the prancing intellects of a thousand men, for we are, that we might have joy, and be free.
H.S. Ede, Savage Messiah|A great artist is conscious of the talent and the power he possesses, otherwise he would not see his faults, and so would not be able to improve.
Nicole  Lyons|I am a lover of words and tragically beautiful things, poor timing and longing, and all things with soul, and I wonder if that means I am entirely broken, or if those are the things that have been keeping me whole.
Thomas Hardy, Tess of the D'Urbervilles|Joan Durbeyfield always manged to find consolation somewhere: 'Well, as one of the genuine stock, she ought to make her way with 'en, if she plays her trump car aright. And if he don't marry her afore he will after. For that he's all afire wi' love for her any eye can see.' 'What's her trump card? Her d'Urberville blood, you mean?' 'No, stupid; her face - as 'twas mine.
Polly Johnson, Stones|How is it that time can be elastic? Sometimes years seem to go by while you're looking the other way, and sometimes-when you most long for it to pass-life-times can stretch from a few hours
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|If a book is worth reading, it will most probably be worth reading twice.
Seth MacFarlane|The behavior of the crowd at Churchill Downs is like 100,000 vicious Hyenas going berserk all at once in a space about the size of a 777 jet or the White House lawn.
Marvin Harris|In 1977, at least, he wished to have people believe that he shared and was proud of an attitude toward women that is not acceptable in a politician. In 2003, all he has said is that he doesn't remember the interview.
William Beckford, The Episodes of Vathek|The intellectual climate of the 1970s, for which the 1950s had already paved the way, contributed to this. A theory was even finally developed at that time that pedophilia should be viewed as something positive. Above all, however, the thesis was advocated-and this even infiltrated Catholic moral theology-that there was no such thing as something that is bad in itself. There were only things that were "relatively" bad. What was good or bad depended on the consequences. In such a context, where everything is relative and nothing intrinsically evil exists, but only relative good and relative evil, people who have an inclination to such behavior are left without no solid footing. Of course pedophilia is first rather a sickness of individuals, but the fact that it could become so active and so widespread was linked also to an intellectual climate through which the foundations of moral theology, good and evil, became open to question in the Church. Good and evil became interchangeable; they were no longer absolutely clear opposites.
Charles Dickens, Bleak House|The present representative of the Dedlocks is an excellent master. He supposes all his dependents to be utterly bereft of individual characters, intentions, or opinions, and is persuaded that he was born to supersede the necessity of their having any. If he were to make a discovery to the contrary, he would be simply stunned — would never recover himself, most likely, except to gasp and die.
Andy Andrews, The Noticer Returns: Sometimes You Find Perspective, and Sometimes Perspective Finds You|Our choices now - this week, this month, this year - are very sticky. Once made, their effects never go away. Rather, those choices about how we think and what we do are a constant presence. Every thought, every action is a choice, and even now the choices you have made in your life thus far are shifting and combining in order to create who you really are. Therefore, simple logic says that by paying careful attention to our choices from this point forward, we can create a future we choose instead of a future that 'happens.
Thomas Pynchon, Gravity's Rainbow|Shit, money, and the World, the three American truths, powering the American mobility, claimed the Slothrops, clasped them for good to the country's fate. But they did not prosper... about all they did was persist
Harlan Coben, Fool Me Once|Doctors kept stressing that mental disease was the same as physical disease. Telling someone who was clinically depressed, for example, to shake it off and get out of the house was tantamount to telling a man with two broken legs to sprint across the room. That was all well and good in theory, but in practice, the stigma continued. Maybe, to be more charitable, it was because you could hide a mental disease.
Kiera Cass, The Siren|She was dark-haired, fierce; she wore two drop earrings made of crystal; her face was a pure oval tickled with dimples; her skin was golden; and her laugh was like a fire in the night. But on her face you could also read the concentration of a soul whose life is entirely inward, and a mischievous gravity which acquires a silver patina with age.
George Orwell, 1984|There was a direct intimate connection between chastity and political orthodoxy. For how could the fear, the hatred, and the lunatic credulity which the Party needed in its members be kept at the right pitch, except by bottling down some powerful instinct and using it as a driving force? The sex impulse was dangerous to the Party, and the Party had turned it to account. They had played a similar trick with the instinct of parenthood. The family could not actually be abolished, and, indeed, people were encouraged to be fond of their children, in almost the old-fashioned way
William Hazlitt|There are at the present time two great nations in the world, which started from different points, but seem to tend towards the same end. I allude to the Russians and the Americans. Both of them have grown up unnoticed; and whilst the attention of mankind was directed elsewhere, they have suddenly placed themselves in the front rank among the nations, and the world learned their existence and their greatness at almost the same time.All other nations seem to have nearly reached their natural limits, and they have only to maintain their power; but these are still in the act of growth. All the others have stopped, or continue to advance with extreme difficulty; these alone are proceeding with ease and celerity along a path to which no limit can be perceived. The American struggles against the obstacles which nature opposes to him; the adversaries of the Russian are men. The former combats the wilderness and savage life; the latter, civilization with all its arms. The conquests of the American are therefore gained with the ploughshare; those of the Russian by the sword. The Anglo-American relies upon personal interest to accomplish his ends, and gives free scope to the unguided strength and common sense of the people; the Russian centres all the authority of society in a single arm. The principal instrument of the former is freedom; of the latter, servitude. Their starting-point is different, and their courses are not the same; yet each of them seems marked out by the will of Heaven to sway the destinies of half the globe.
Dallas Willard, Hearing God: Developing a Conversational Relationship with God|We live in a culture that has, for centuries now, cultivated the idea that the skeptical person is always smarter than one who believes. You can almost be as stupid as a cabbage as long as you doubt.
Andre Benjamin|I want to make sure I don't interfere with the success of that team next year. I don't see any way I could go to practice like most of 'em do, and not hurt the team. I'd go nuts if I tried doing that.
Stephanie Kuehn, Charm & Strange|You wanted to live," he says."You say that like it's a good thing. A virtue.""What is it really?"I think about this. "Selfish.""Wanting to live is selfish?""Yes.
Kristian Williams, Our Enemies in Blue: Police and Power in America|You don’t understand,” my dad said. “They stop you.” “Who? What are you talking about?” my mom asked. “That’s why I was being cautious.” “Who stops you?” “The police. If you’re white, or maybe Oriental, they let you drive however you want. But if you’re not, they stop you.” “Who told you that?” “The guys at the diner. That’s what they say. If you’re black or if you’re brown, they automatically think you’ve done something wrong.” “Rafa, that’s ridiculous. We’ve lived here for fifteen years. We’re citizens.” “The police don’t know that by looking at us. They see a brown face through the windshield and boom! Sirens!” My mom shook her head. “That’s what that was about?” “I didn’t want to give them reason to stop me.” “You were driving like a blind man, Rafa. That will give them reason to stop you.” “Everybody else just has to obey the law. We have to obey it twice as well.” “But that doesn’t mean you have to go twice as slow as everybody else!” The light turned green and my dad brought the car out of first. We cruised under the overpass, a shadow draping over the car like a blanket. “Next time, just try to blend in with everyone else and you’ll be fine,” my mom offered. “The way of the world,” my dad said. “What?” my mom asked as we emerged back into the sunlight. “Just trying to blend in. That’s the way of the world.” “Well, that’s the way of America, at least,” my mom said.
H.G. Wells|My pockets had always puzzled Weena, but at the last she had concluded that they were an eccentric kind of vase for floral decoration.
Jim Davis|There's only one thing to do in crisis like this - SLEEP ON IT!Garfield, the cat.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The Fuhrer himself was the target of the fourth leaflet: "Every word that comes from Hitler's mouth is a lie. When he says peace, he means war, and when he blasphemously uses the name of the Almighty, he means the power of evil, the fallen angel, Satan. His mouth is the foul-smelling maw of Hell, and his might is at bottom accursed." This leaflet ended with the words "We will not be silent. We are your bad conscience. The White Rose will not leave you in peace.
Martha Graham|I never set out to create a technique. I started out on the floor to find myself, to find what the body could do, and what would give me satisfaction - emotionally, dramatically and bodily. But I did not ever dream of establishing a technique. I still can't believe anything like that happened.
Steve Maraboli|For me, the most interesting people seem to have the bumpiest pasts. I prefer to connect with someone who has experienced the struggles, battles, and casualties of life’s journey. There is beauty, wisdom, and truth to be found in the scars.
Carol Berg, Transformation|From the instant of our first meeting I judged him so, though it could be said that I was prejudiced. When one is standing naked on a slave-auction block in a wind cold enough to freeze a demon's backside, one is unlikely to have a fair impression of anyone.
M.F. Moonzajer|There will always be a moment to feel sorry for the mistakes, but indeed it is not today.
Jim Leach|I believe people who go into politics want to do the right thing. And then they hit a big wall of re-election and the pettiness of politics. In the end, politics gets in the way of the business of people.
Anne Tyler, The Writer on Her Work|Be an unstoppable force. Write with an imaginary machete strapped to your thigh. This is not wishy-washy, polite, drinking-tea-with-your-pinkie-sticking-out stuff. It's who you want to be, your most powerful self. Write your books. Finish them, then make them better. Find the way. No one will make this dream come true for you but you.
Robyn Carr, Temptation Ridge|This is the greatest consolation in life. In poetically well-built museums, formed from the heart's compulsions, we are consoled not by finding in them old objects that we love, but by losing all sense of Time.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Power of dreams is not measured by the frequency of dreaming, but by speed of actions to make them come true.
Lucy H. Pearce, Burning Woman|We dare not talk of the darkness for fear it will infect us.We dare not talk of the fire, for fear it will destroy us.And so we live in the half-light, Like our mothers before us.Come to the fire, Feel it warm your skin.Come to the fire,Feel it burn in your belly,Shine out through your eyes.Come dance in the fire, Let it fuel your prayers.
David Levithan|Writing, it's Feeling. spontaneous urges touching upon each of the senses the moment the pen magnetises into fingertips spilling out currents of words in panicked ink splatters, unmanaged, unfiltered & channeled.wept out, breath subtle,surrounded by empty sound. static brush,while wrist sweeps across lanes,crossing lines, giving in,its desperation, its surrender,where its heading,where its been.
Scott Stabile|You were born beautiful, and you remain beautiful.
Tanu Reshma B Singh|Build your life in self-controlpurity, moderation in food and drink, and obedience to the will Divine. and you will have built well !!!!
|I love the life I am living, not because it's close to a perfect journey, but because loving my life unconditionally is the only way i can continuously enjoy it.
Sam Kean, The Disappearing Spoon: And Other True Tales of Madness, Love, and the History of the World from the Periodic Table of the Elements|Today alpha equals 1/137.0359 or so. Regardless, its value makes the periodic table possible. It allows atoms to exist and also allows them to react with sufficient vigor to form compounds, since electrons neither roam too freely from their nuclei nor cling too closely. This just-right balance has led many scientists to conclude that the universe couldn’t have hit upon its fine structure constant by accident.
David Cameron|If elected Speaker, I promise you that we will have the courage to lead the fight for our conservative principles and make our case to the American people. But we will also have the wisdom to listen to our constituents and each other so that we always move forward together.
Walt Whitman|Do I contradict myself? Very well, then, I contradict myself; I am large -- I contain multitudes.
John Donne, The Complete English Poems|Up then, fair phoenix bride, frustrate the sun;Thyself from thine affectionTakest warmth enough, and from thine eyeAll lesser birds will take their jollity.Up, up, fair bride, and callThy stars from out their several boxes, takeThy rubies, pearls, and diamonds forth, and makeThyself a constellation of them all;And by their blazing signifyThat a great princess falls, but doth not die.Be thou a new star, that to us portendsEnds of much wonder; and be thou those ends.
James Rozoff|The places of quiet are going away, the churches, the woods, the libraries. And it is only in silence we can hear the voice inside of us which gives us true peace.
Michael Bassey Johnson|The more death, the more birth. People are entering, others are exiting. The cry of a baby, the mourning of others. When others cry, the other are laughing and making merry. The world is mingled with sadness, joy, happiness, anger, wealth, poverty, etc.
Francine Rivers, A Voice in the Wind|It is not an individual act, architecture. You have to consider your client. Only out of that can you produce great architecture. You cannot work in the abstract.
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|Better to be a successful failure, than to fail at success.
Matshona Dhliwayo|As the sun lives on when it sets in the warmth it has given to others, you too will live on in the hearts of those whose lives you have touched.
Colin S. Smith, Jonah: Navigating a God-Centered Life|He endured all that hell is on the cross, so that you would never know what hell is like.
David Wong, John Dies at the End|The man walked past me and stopped, observing the blood running down my neck."Your injury. Let us tend to it." He looked out through the open doorway and silently gestured to someone out there. "Our world," he said, "is far more advanced than yours. For reasons you'll understand shortly."A thin, bony, naked woman entered the room, carrying two small, white kittens. She sat one of the fluffy cats in my lap and stuffed the other down my shirt. She turned and left."There," said the large man. "The kittens will make your sad go away.
Penelope Leach|Failure is only postponed success as long as courage "coaches" ambition. The habit of persistence is the habit of victory.
Behnam Rajabpoor|History tells Us It’s Possible".
Kelseyleigh Reber, If I Resist|Life is fleeting, yes, but also eternal; it will always find a way to begin again.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We employ our personality, what we know, think, and believe, in order to interpret the world, making self-understanding a critical act because it establishes the baseline for our philosophical and intellectual approach towards life.
Rukhsana Ahmad, The Gatekeeper's Wife|The past, rich with it's pains and joys, shuffles before me, relieving the weary dullness of endless days. I rejoice; I agonize.
Sebastian Faulks, Birdsong|Currents of desire and excitement that she had not known or thought about for years now flooded in her. She wanted him to bring alive what she had buried, and to demean, destroy, her fabricated self.
Benedict Cumberbatch|I've seen and swam and climbed and lived and driven and filmed. Should it all end tomorrow, I can definitely say there would be no regrets. I am very lucky, and I know it. I really have lived 5,000 times over.
Andrew Kaufman, Born Weird|She said, “Only the weak are afraid to appear so.
Vishwas Chavan|Life is a balancing act. While we have all the rights to be in freedom, peace, harmony and bliss; we do have a responsibility to ensure that others too enjoy their own freedom, peace, harmony and bliss.
Iraniya Naynesh|Adam & Eve have been degraded, reduplicated forever, photocopies of photocopies, mistakes copied, magnified, augmented.
Susane Colasanti, Waiting for You|Growing old is unavoidable, but never growing up is possible. I believe you can retain certain things from your childhood if you protect them - certain traits, certain places where you don’t let the world go.
Reuven Rivlin|My black-and-white work is more of a celebration, and the color work became more of a critique of society.
Tina Fey, Bossypants|My unsolicited advice to women in the workplace is this. When faced with sexism or ageism or lookism or even really aggressive Buddhism, ask yourself the following question: “Is this person in between me and what I want to do? If the answer is no, ignore it and move on. Your energy is better used doing your work and outpacing people that way. Then, when you’re in charge, don’t hire the people who were jerky to you. If the answer is yes, you have a more difficult road ahead of you. I suggest you model your strategy after the old Sesame Street film piece, "Over! Under! Through!” (If you’re under forty, you might not remember this film. It taught the concepts of, “over,” and “under,” and “through” by filming toddlers crawling around an abandoned construction site. They don’t show it anymore because someone has since realized that’s nuts.) If your boss is a jerk, try to find someone above or around your boss who is not a jerk. If you’re lucky, your workplace will have a neutral proving ground- like the rifle range or a car sales total board or the SNL read-through. If so, focus on that. Again, don’t waste your energy trying to educate or change opinions. Go “Over! Under! Through!” and opinions will change organically when you’re the boss. Or they won’t. Who cares? Do your thing and don’t care if they like it.
Marquis de Lafayette|As you have learnt something of time, value and make a proper use of it. Once past, it knows no return; how necessary, then, that you spend it in improving your mind and fitting it for future happiness and usefulness.
Seth Czerepak|If you do what you’ve always done, you get what you’ve always gotten. If you want something different, then make something different.
Addison Killebrew|Sometimes, Reynie, trouble itself is the key. - Mr. Benedict
Emery Lord, The Names They Gave Us|And I want to be one of them. I want to be one of them so, so badly - to fit into this balance, their history, the wolf pack way of them. I see it now, why my mom wants that for me. I see how you can't help but want it, if you get close enough to witness a group of friends knitted together like this.
Gustave Flaubert|Just because you're an adult doesn't mean you're grown up. Growing up means being patient, holding your temper, cutting out the self-pity, and quitting with the righteous indignation.''Why do so many people seem to love righteous indignation?''Because if you can prove you're a victim, all rules are off. You can lash out at people. You don't have to be accountable for anything.
Evel Knievel|I became a librarian at the Sainte-Genevieve Library in Paris. I made this gesture to rid myself of a certain milieu, a certain attitude, to have a clean conscience, but also to make a living. I was twenty-five. I had been told that one must make a living, and I believed it.
Kiersten White, Now I Rise|Just because she doesn't talk about it, doesn't mean she isn't feeling it. She hurts, but she won't wear it on her sleeve. She will never let an illness, a diagnosis, or a prediction, define her. She doesn't want sympathy, because that type of attention is not her goal. She'd rather you see the woman who smiles in the face of adversity, than be the one who begs you to see her frown.
Siri Hustvedt|I really wanted to buy a Range Rover. It was a big dream, and the day I bought it, I was very happy, but by evening, I was immune to it. That's when I realized that excitement, if it's happiness, is not in reaching the goal but in the process. Thus process trumps over realization.
Lee Pace|Everyone has a right to a university degree in America, even if it's in Hamburger Technology.
Mark Susnow, The Soul of Uncertainty: A Fable of Our Time|Knowledge is not determined by what you know, but by whether you believe you can always learn.
Marc Price|When Cicero (Marcus Tullius Cicero 106-43 BC ) was in 64 BC running for consul of Rome he was reported to be advised by his "campaign manager" that the voters "had rather you lied to them than refused them."
Dale Carnegie|When you form a team, why do you try to form a team? Because teamwork builds trust and trust builds speed.
Kate Mosse, The Winter Ghosts|We are who we are, be­cause of those we choose to love and be­cause of those who love us.
Tabitha Suzuma, A Voice in the Distance|I dial her mum's number, then sit down cross-legged, facing the wall. When she comes on the line, she sounds uncertain, hesitant. 'Hey! Guess where I am?' I ask, my voice loud with false cheer. 'Rami told me. The Wellesly Hospital in Worthing. What's it like?' 'For a loony-bin it's actually quite decent,' I reply. 'I don't have Sky or an en-suite, and the menu isn't exactly à la carte, but you know...' I tail off. There is a silence. 'Do you have your own room?' Jenna asks, 'Oh yeah, yeah. I have a lovely view of the sea between the bars of my window.' She doesn't laugh. 'Have you started' -there is a pause as she searches for the right word -'threatment?''Yeah, yeah. We had group therapy today. Tomorrow we'll probably have art therapy - maybe I'll draw you a hourse and a garden. I know, perhaps they'll teach us to make baskets! Isn't that why they call us basket cases?''Flynn, stop,' Jennah softly implores.'And we'll probably have music therapy the day after. Maybe I'll get to play the tambourine. Or the triangle. I've always wanted to play the triangle!''Flynn-''No, I'm serious! I'll ask for some manuscript paper and see if I can write a composition for tambourine and triangle. Then I can post if off to you to hand in for my next composition assignment.''Flynn, listen-''Hold on, hold on! I'm making a note to myself now: Find fellow insane musician and start composing the Flynn Laukonen Sonata for Tambourine and Triangle.''Flynn-''And then, when they let me out, if they ever let me out, perhaps you could pull a few strigns and organize for me and my tambourine buddy to give a recital. I'm not sure where though -how about the subway at Marble Arch tube? Nice and central, good acoustics-''What are the other people like?' Jennah cuts in, an edge to her voice. I notice she doesn't use the word patients. Clever Jennah. For a moment there you almost made me forget I was locked up in a mental institution.'Round the bend, just like me,' I reply. 'I'm in excellent company. We'll be swapping suicide tips in no time at all!' I give a harsh laugh.
Pepper D. Basham, The Thorn Keeper|When we are loving, we openly and honestly express care, affection, responsibility, respect, commitment, and trust.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|When mortals discuss about the eternity,conclusively it will be a lifetime discussion.
Alan Perlis|Computers, like automobiles and airplanes, do only what people tell them to do.
Evinda Lepins|Life happens, whether you're in it or not, but death doesn't give you a choice.
Lisa M. Klein, Ophelia|What is a man's life but a prelude to his death? And what is death but a long sleep, a most welcome forgetfulness.
Jeffry R. Halverson, The Mural|It portrayed motherhood as the highest position that a woman could achieve. For God had made Mary neither a prophet nor the messiah nor the daughter of God. Nor did God take the form of a woman. She was only the womb. She was a perpetual virgin too, and she endured the vilest harassment because of it, or so the story went. Rebecca couldn’t relate to the Virgin Mary at all.
Nicki Elson, Hans & Greta: a Twisted Fairy Tale Novella|He met each newly exposed piece of flesh with a tender kiss, remembering how he’d dreamed of doing exactly this on the very first night he’d seen her.
Kambiz Shabankare|The problem arises when a society respects its scholars lesser and lesser and replaces intellectualism with anti-intellectualism. Such society forces the most intellectual members of its, toward alienation and instead develops populism and irrationalism and then calls it anti-elitism. On the other hand, scholars, due to being undermined by the society, find any effort hopeless and isolate themselves into their work. For a scholar, personally, nothing changes because the scholar always is a scholar no matter having someone to share the knowledge with or not, but the true problem forms in the most ordinary sections of the society, which eventually creates an opportunity for propaganda, conspiracy theories, rhetoric, and bogus.
Lauren Weisberger|Leigh did what any sane female faced with such an e-mail would do: deleted it to resist the temptation of replying, cleared her trash to resist the temptation of recalling it, and then called tech support to restore all her recently deleted e-mails. (Chasing Harry Winston)
Thomas M. Disch|For a lot of people, poetry tends to be dull. It's not read much. It takes a special kind of training and a lot of practice to read poetry with pleasure. It's like learning to like asparagus.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|The more we identify and acknowledge moments when we’re unable to share in someone else’s pleasure and ask ourselves whether another person’s happiness truly jeopardizes our own, the more we pave the way for experiencing sympathetic joy
Christopher Hitchens, For the Sake of Argument: Essays and Minority Reports|Many things in this period have been hard to bear, or hard to take seriously. My own profession went into a protracted swoon during the Reagan-Bush-Thatcher decade, and shows scant sign of recovering a critical faculty—or indeed any faculty whatever, unless it is one of induced enthusiasm for a plausible consensus President. (We shall see whether it counts as progress for the same parrots to learn a new word.) And my own cohort, the left, shared in the general dispiriting move towards apolitical, atonal postmodernism. Regarding something magnificent, like the long-overdue and still endangered South African revolution (a jagged fit in the supposedly smooth pattern of axiomatic progress), one could see that Ariadne’s thread had a robust reddish tinge, and that potential citizens had not all deconstructed themselves into Xhosa, Zulu, Cape Coloured or ‘Eurocentric’; had in other words resisted the sectarian lesson that the masters of apartheid tried to teach them. Elsewhere, though, it seemed all at once as if competitive solipsism was the signifier of the ‘radical’; a stress on the salience not even of the individual, but of the trait, and from that atomization into the lump of the category. Surely one thing to be learned from the lapsed totalitarian system was the unwholesome relationship between the cult of the masses and the adoration of the supreme personality. Yet introspective voyaging seemed to coexist with dull group-think wherever one peered about among the formerly ‘committ
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Because he has finally realized that it is it and not him that is loved by the woman he loves, many a man is jealous of his own car, house, wardrobe, or salary.
Thomas Henry Huxley, The Evolution Of Theology: An Anthropological Study|It is because I know all that science can bring to the world that I shall continue my efforts to ensure that it contributes to the happiness of all men, whether they be white, black, or yellow, and not to their annihilation in the name of some divine mission or other.
Mark Strand|The Earth Turned to Bring us Closerby: Eugenio MontejoThe earth turned to bring us closerit turned on itself and within usuntil it finally brought us together in this dreamas written in the Symposium.Nights passed by, snowfalls and solsticestime passed in minutes and millennia.An ox cart that was on its way to Nineveharrived in Nebraska.A rooster was singing some distance from the world,in one of the thousand pre-lives of our fathers.The earth was spinning with its musiccarrying us on board;it didn't stop turning a single momentas if so much love,so much that is beautifulwas only an adagio written long agoin the Symposium's score.
Dean Koontz, Innocence|The gospel is the gospel of the cross. This means that God loves the objects of his wrath and that he, in his love, embraces men alienated from him.
Elaine N. Aron, The Highly Sensitive Person: How to Thrive When the World Overwhelms You|Stress-free moments certainly exist, but that is the extent of it. People, who have bought into the idea of a stress-free life, believe they should be happy and positive all the time. They have been sold a damaging falsehood. As the first sentence in M. Scott Peck’s The Road Less Travelled famously said: “Life is difficult.” Learning to deal effectively with life’s difficulties, learning to manage the inevitable stress of life is attainable, while eliminating stress is not.
Derek Landy, Last Stand of Dead Men|When we reached the lobby outside the office, moving like a pair of power walkers--no running in the halls of Green Pastures because there was too much chance of knocking over one of the many ethereal, artistic types wandering around in hip glasses with the wrong prescription... (39)
Anna Lindh|As far as military necessity will permit, religiously respect the constitutional rights of all.
Erich Maria Remarque, Three Comrades|A man who drinks too much on occasion is still the same man as he was sober. An alcoholic, a real alcoholic, is not the same man at all. You can't predict anything about him for sure except that he will be someone you never met before.
Maurice Maeterlinck|Photography is without mercy--though it's nonsense to say it does not lie. Rather, it lies in a particular, capricious way which makes beggars of ministers and gods of cat's meat men.
Sami Abouzid|I’m so happy that I’m having the chance to create amazing music that bringing happiness and joy to me and to others in this world, it’s a dream came true
Charbel Tadros|In memorable words of management theorist Chester Barnard, 'To try and fail is at least to learn; to fail to try is to suffer the inestimable loss of what might have bee.
Robert Krulwich|to paraphrase science writer John D. Barrow … we know they are impossible and yet we can imagine them anyway. Our brains, it turns out, are not prisoners of the world we live in; we can fly free! We can, any time we like, create the impossible.
Richard Feynman|[The fine structure constant] ... defines how firmly atomic nuclei bind together and how all the atoms on Earth were made. Its value controls the power from the Sun and, more sensitively, how stars transmute hydrogen into all the atoms of the periodic table.
Kevin Focke|In my opinion, works of art should be viewed as gifts; something precious given from a point of empathy, where personal enrichment is vastly superior to the value of the gift, and the giver begs for nothing but for the gift to shine on its own.
Jason Fried, Rework|I’m saying there is evil in the world,” Master Kit said, hefting the box on his hip, “and doubt is the weapon that guards against it.
Chris Matakas, #Human: Learning To Live In Modern Times|The StrangerLooking as I’ve looked before, straight down the heartof the street to the riverwalking the rivers of the avenuesfeeling the shudder of the caves beneath the asphaltwatching the lights turn on in the towerswalking as I’ve walked beforelike a man, like a woman, in the citymy visionary anger cleansing my sightand the detailed perceptions of mercyflowering from that angerif I come into a room out of the sharp misty lightand hear them talking a dead languageif they ask me my identitywhat can I say butI am the androgyneI am the living mind you fail to describein your dead languagethe lost noun, the verb survivingonly in the infinitivethe letters of my name are written under the lidsof the newborn child
Germaine Shames, Between Two Deserts|Most people spend their whole lives waging war—against people they don't even know. And against themselves, whom they know least of all." from BETWEEN TWO DESERTS
Cassie Beasley, Circus Mirandus|Because when you try too hard to hold on to something, you break it...Sometimes, we need to let go so that other people can have their chance at the magic.
John Podesta|But my humble opinion is, I'm not quite sure where I stand on the legalization of drugs - though, if tequila is legal, pot should probably be legal.
Steve Maraboli|Forget yourself, but not lonely days...
Mehmet Murat ildan|Create a wisdom and share it with others; in return, don’t wait for anything, not even a simple thanks, because expecting something in return does not belong to the wisdom!
Lailah Gifty Akita|My grandma said to me, Lailah; ‘You laugh while sleeping
Tiffany Reisz, Seven Day Loan|God, I love a man who reads
Vikram Seth|Those books of mine that are remunerative - I'm not talking about poetry here - take years to write, and I am never sure they'll be successful. So writing is a risk in more senses than one.
Duff McKagan, It's So Easy: And Other Lies|DRAMA: Be careful about being baited into the personal battles and confusion of others. If you want to help someone out emotionally, be certain he or she has made a commitment to the sacrifice before you intervene for his or her success. If you don’t, you’re likely to be drained of all your healthy energy with his or her selfish petty, pitiful pretending and negotiating. Be encouraged but more importantly if you can’t make it better, whatever you do don’t make it worse, for them and especially yourself
Lisa Kessler, Night Walker|The monsignor called after him, “If I am to blame, then why have I not met the same fate as Brother Mentigo and Brother De Cardina before him? Why am I still alive?”Calisto glared over his shoulder at the monsignor and growled. “Because there are worse punishments than death. Live with your guilt, old man. May it rot in your heart and kill you slowly for manyyears to come.
Cher|It is easier for women to succeed in business, the arts, and politics in America than in Europe.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Being a leader is not about finding ways to get others to serve you, but knowing how to serve your followers.
Albert Camus|Thus I draw from the absurd three consequences, which are myrevolt, my freedom, and my passion. By the mere activity ofconsciousness I transform into a rule of life what was an invitationto death—and I refuse suicide.
Spike Jonze|In London the day after Christmas (Boxing Day), it began to snow: my first snow in England. For five years, I had been tactfully asking, 'Do you ever have snow at all?' as I steeled myself to the six months of wet, tepid gray that make up an English winter. 'Ooo, I do remember snow,' was the usual reply, 'when I were a lad.'
Dean Koontz, Seize the Night|He's got a chloroform-soaked rag in one hand, and before Judy realizes what's happening, the dude is all over her like fat on cheese.
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|Confidence of a dedicated person, seems to be over-confidence to ordinary masses.
Jim Butcher, Cold Days|Whoever hurt you had a choice to hurt you or love you. It was his choice whoever he is, not yours. It is the same as how Hank made the choice to beat on me and Mom instead of loving us the way he should have. As you told me, that was not my fault either. I believe it is the option of choice that makes evil possible. When he made his choice, you really had no choice.” [said Craig]
Sue Townsend, The Woman Who Went to Bed for a Year|Alexander assured her, 'Eva, none of us know our children. Because they are not us.
Merlyn Gabriel Miller, Sex, Death, Drugs & Madness|Of Love and Other Demons (Vintage International) - Gabriel GarcÍA MÁRquez (Highlight: 5; Note: 0)-------------"Crazy people are not crazy if one accepts their reasoning."(Chapter:Chapter Two)"What is essential, therefore, is not that you no longer believe, but that God continues to believe in you. And regarding that there can be no doubt, for it is He in His infinite diligence who has enlightened us so that we may offer you this consolation.”"(Chapter:Chapter Two)"Disbelief is more resistant than faith because it is sustained by the senses"(Chapter:Chapter Two)"Take care,” said Delaura. “Sometimes we attribute certain things we do not understand to the demon, not thinking they may be things of God that we do not understand.”"(Chapter:Chapter Three)". He confessed that every moment was filled with thoughts of her, that everything he ate and drank tasted of her, that she was his life, always and everywhere, as only God had the right and power to be, and that the supreme joy of his heart would be to die with her. "(Chapter:Chapter Five)
Fernando Flores|For future geopolitical stability and global prosperity, we need to build a culture of greater trust and understanding between China, America and the rest of the world.
George Herbert|I learned never to empty the well of my writing, but always to stop when there was still something there in the deep part of the well, and let it refill at night from the springs that fed it.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|People use drugs, legal and illegal, because their lives are intolerably painful or dull. They hate their work and find no rest in their leisure. They are estranged from their families and their neighbors. It should tell us something that in healthy societies drug use is celebrative, convivial, and occasional, whereas among us it is lonely, shameful, and addictive. We need drugs, apparently, because we have lost each other.
Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses|People are like animals. Some are happiest penned in, some need to roam free. You go to recognize what's in her nature and accept it.
Esther Hicks|There ain't no "baby mama drama" up in this Vortex, homie!
Buddha|I intend to live forever, or die trying.
Charles H. Townes|Hope and purpose in this world is living as best as you can and maybe having life that gives back. But simply giving back isn't purpose; it's a branch of purpose, but it is not the trunk or root of the tree.
Karen Marie Moning, Faefever|It's just that in the Deep South, women learn at a young age that when the world is falling apart around you, it's time to take down the drapes and make a new dress.
Osho, Courage: The Joy of Living Dangerously|Love is dangerous because it makes you an individual. And the state and the church . . . they don’t want individuals, not at all. They don’t want human beings, they want sheep. They want people who only look like human beings but whose souls have been crushed so utterly, damaged so deeply, that it seems almost irreparable.
Oscar Bimpong|If your business still needs to change, isn’t it likely that your thinking needs to change first?
Truth Devour, Wantin|If you listen closely, silence can be deafening.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|Three’s all you need to change the world. Look at the Bolsheviks, or the Jimi Hendrix Experience.
Topanga Boy Meets World|Camba had bent her long neck down to Ingar's level and was muttering in his ear. "Do you feel the breeze on your face?" I heard her say. "That's yours, and worth feeling. Look at those orange clouds. All the trials of a day may be endured if you know there's such a sky at the end of it. Some days I told my heart to wait, just wait, because the sunset would teach me again that my pain was nothing compared with the eternal, circling sky.
John Dewey, Experience and Nature|When the organization called soul is free, moving and operative, initial as well as terminal, it is spirit. Qualities are both static, substantial, and transitive. Spirit quickens; it is not only alive, but spirit gives life. Animals are spirited, but man is a living spirit. He lives in his works and his works do follow him. Soul is form, spirit informs. It is the moving function of that of which soul is the substance. Perhaps the words soul and spirit are so heavily laden with traditional mythology and sophisticated doctrine that they must be surrendered; it may be impossible to recover for them in science and philosophy the realities designated in idiomatic speech. But the realities are there, by whatever names they be called.
Pat Conroy, The Prince of Tides|This may not be art as art commonly goes; the lack of discipline, of control, would seem to rule it out of that category. And yet Woolrich's lack of control over emotions is a crucial element in his work, not only because it intensifies the fragility and momentariness of love but also because it tears away the comfortable belief, evident in some of the greatest works of the human imagination such as Oedipus Rex, that nobility in the face of nothingness is possible. And if Woolrich's work is not art as commonly understood, there is an art beyond art, whose form is not the novel or story but the scream; and of this art Woolrich is beyond doubt a master. ("Introduction")
Joseph Wood Krutch|A very Faustian choice is upon us: whether to accept our corrosive and risky behavior as the unavoidable price of population and economic growth, or to take stock of ourselves and search for a new environmental ethic.
Debasish Mridha|Deep down in my heart, I know that I know nothing.
King Samuel Benson|Two characters and sexy banter do not a book make, damn it.
Dan Smee, Totally American: Harnessing the Dynamic Duo of Optimism and Resilience to Achieve Success|The “Warrior Ethos” emphasizes placing the mission first, not accepting defeat, and being disciplined physically and mentally. Why? Because an American Soldier is a “guardian of freedom and the American way of life.
Akiroq Brost|Keep going, keep going, keep going! You're going to have crappy days, you're going to have days where you lose vision or confidence. You're going to have those days were everything seems 1 step forward and 3 steps back. You're going to have unexpected chaos and turmoil. Are you going to let that derail you? No. You've made a firm decision to go after your dreams. That firm decision means to keep going no matter what. Life doesn't just stop and nor should you. You know you want something, that you truly want something, if you're willing to endure all the pain and grief along the way. You either make a decision or you don't. If you do, that means sticking by it. Riding it out. Don't give up. All things have good and bad. There is no easy street. Everything good takes work. If you want a better life, you have to work for it. Some days it will be easier work than others. Accept that. Work with it. Keep going!
Donald Lopez|Each being in the universe, therefore, inhabits a private world. It is as if the universe were populated by countless cinemas, each occupied by a single person, each eternally viewing a different film projected by consciousness, each eternally suspending disbelief. For the Yogacara, ignorance and suffering result from believing the movie to be real, from mistaking the projections to be an external world, from thinking that what appear to be external objects are independent of consciousness, and then running after them, desiring some and hating others. For the Yogacara, wisdom is the insight that everything is of the nature of consciousness and the product of one's own projections. With this insight, desire and hatred, attachment and aversion, naturally cease, for their objects are seen to be illusions. With the achievement of enlightenment, the substratum consciousness is transformed into the mirror like wisdom of a buddha.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|Deep down I think I may be just like everyone else. And do you know what, Harry?""No sir.""That bothers me.
Raphael Ben Levi, Romance of the Hebrew Calendar|It is essential to realise, that, while we make efforts to live the Christian life today, the world which have formed in our spoiled times, demands soul, both in the everyday life and in the religion, and can be called totalitarian.
Orson Scott Card, Treason|If I had one wish, it would be for self-drying pants. Wait -- no! Unlimited wishes! How do I return these stupid pants?!
Elias Canetti, Auto-da-Fé|But this is deception. It’s moving very fast, and just because you can’t see and feel it, doesn’t mean it’s not the truth.
Sunday Adelaja|God himself is pleading through us for people to be reconciled to him, if we prepare our body for him
George Brett|Money is like manure, of very little use except it be spread.
Debasish Mridha|We may struggle and suffer or we may struggle and win, but the end always remains the end.
Jay Bell, Something Like Summer|I can’t change the past, Tate. I wish I could, because I’d go back and relive every day that I existed without you, and I’d make sure that you smiled.” My eyes burned with regret, and I saw the pools in her beautiful blues, too. “Every minute of my future belongs to you.
Monty Don, My Roots: A Decade in the Garden|Modern life is, for most of us, a kind of serfdom to mortgage, job and the constant assault to consume. Although we have more time and money than ever before, most of us have little sense of control over our own lives. It is all connected to the apathy that means fewer and fewer people vote. Politicians don’t listen to us anyway. Big business has all the power; religious extremism all the fear. But in the garden or allotment we are king or queen. It is our piece of outdoors that lays a real stake to the planet.
Tad Williams, The War of the Flowers|-You're pretty hard-boiled, Tinker Bell.-Call me that name again and you'll be wondering how your bollocks wound up lodged in your windpipe--from below. Just because we don't get to your side of things much anymore doesn't mean we don't know anything. 'If you believe in fairies, clap your hands!' If you believe in fairies, kiss my rosy pink arse is more like it. Now are you going to shut your gob or not?
Blake Charlton, Spellbound|Perhaps we shall learn, as we pass through this age, that the 'other self" is more powerful than the physical self we see when we look into a mirror.
C.C. Wyatt, Ferret|Today is yesterday, today is tomorrow. For it's only one day that comes and goes, over and over again.
Alexander Pushkin, Eugene Onegin|When I want somebody to read to, To match a dream with tuneful phrase,It is my nurse that I pay heed to,Companion of my youthful days,Or, following a boring dinner,A neihbour comes in, who I corner,Catch at his coat tails suddenlyAnd choke him with a tragedy,Or, (here I am no longer jesting),Haunted by rhymes and yearning's ache,I roam beside my country lakeAnd scare a flock of wild ducks resting:Hearing my strophes' sweet-toned chants,They fly off from the banks at once.
Tara Estacaan|Whenever one speaks of lonely people one takes too much for granted. One thinks people all know what they're dealing with. No, they do not. They've never seen a lonely person, they've simply hated him without knowing him. They've been his neighbours who've used him up, they were the voices in the next room who tempted him. They roused things up against him, getting them to make a din and drown him out. Children ganged up against him when he was a tender child, and at every stage of his growing up he grew hostile to grown-ups . They tracked him to his hiding-place like an animal of chase and throughout his long youth there was no closed season. And when he didn't allow himself to be worn out so that he got away they yelled about what came forth from him and called it ugly and were suspicious of it. And as he didn't stop they grew more obvious and gobbled up his food and breathed up his air and spat into his poverty so that he himself became disgusted at it. They brought him into disrepute as if he were a contagion and threw stones at him to speed his departure. And they were right to follow their age-old instinct: because he really was their enemy. But then when he didn't look up they had second thoughts. They suspected that in all of this they had acted as he had willed them to act; they had strengthened him in his solitude and had helped him separate himself from them for ever.
Charles M. Blow|Life is a precious commodity, Charles. It’s time you achieved your full potential and learned the true value of things.” “You’re talking like a Stalinist!” I cried. “People don’t get jobs to achieve things and learn values! They do it because they have to, and then they use whatever’s left over to buy themselves nice things that make them feel less bad about having jobs!
Spike Milligan|(On his gravestone): "I told you I was ill".
Amber Jacobs|In the soul of all liars, the unparalleled truth is a sickness. The unparalleled truth shall come out but first the liars will stretch their calumny. His past crimes shall haunt his heart. His evil ways shall torment his soul. The web of lies will fill up his brain cells. His secrets however hidden shall eventually come out. ~ Angelica Hopes, an excerpt from my K.H. Trilogy
Gerald Hausman, The American Storybag|I'll be quite for now because I make mistakes too... but once The Perfect Almighty One judges you, there are no excuses.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|There exist continuation of time; past, present and future.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|For you to be able to turn on the light in the darkness, you have to live in the light.
Derric Yuh Ndim|The idea that “work” competes with “life” ignores that “life” is actually the intersection and interaction of four major domains: work, home, community, and the private self.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Yes, there are plenty of politicians who are liars, there is no doubt about this! But some of them are not only liars but also serial killers because they deliberately send people to the wars!
Lynn Flewelling, Luck in the Shadows|Adventure is about what we do; not what we plan, strategize or dream about. Adventure begins with “what ifs” and “why nots.” “What if I were to step out to chase that dream? Why not take the first steps and see what happens? When we step through the doorway of adventure our life is suddenly worth the living. And we experience life as it was meant to be.
Thomas Mann, Death in Venice and Other Tales|Solitude gives birth to the original in us, to beauty unfamiliar and perilous - to poetry. But also, it gives birth to the opposite: to the perverse, the illicit, the absurd.
Sarai Walker, Dietland|Madison sparkled like the words on her oversized chest. There was glitter embedded in her eye shadow, in her lip gloss, in her nail polish, hanging from her ears in shoulder grazing hoops, dangling from her wrists in blingy bracelets. If the lights went out in the hallway, she could light it up like a human disco ball.
Anne Kearney, Counselling, Class and Politics: Undeclared Influences in Therapy|But if you sit around thinking what to do and end up not doing anything, why bother even thinking about it? You're better off going out on the town and having a good time. No, we have to think and act. That's what we're doing here, and that's what you have to do.
Gene Stratton-Porter, The Keeper of the Bees|I'm not talking about commitment to romantic relationships. I'm talking about commitment to things: houses, jobs, neighborhoods. Having a job that requires a contract. Paying a mortgage. I think when men hear that women want a commitment, they think it means commitment to a romantic relationship, but that's not it. It's a commitment to not floating around anymore. I want a guy who is entrenched in his own life.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Silence!” Korbolo snapped. He eyed Duiker. “You are the historian who rode with Coltaine.”The historian faced him. “I am.”“You are a soldier.”“As you say.”“I do, and so you shall die with these soldiers, in a manner no different-““You mean to slaughter ten thousand unarmed men and women, Korbolo Dom?”“I mean to cripple Tavore before she even sets foot on this continent. I mean to make her too furious to think. I mean to crack that façade so she dreams of vengeance day and night, poisoning her every decision.”“You always fashioned yourself as the Empire’s harshest Fist, didn’t you, Korbolo Dom? As if cruelty’s a virtue…
Walter Kirn|I've seen a few wild grizzly bears, mostly in Alaska and British Columbia, and always from a distance. But each grizzly I've caught sight of was as fearsome and sublime as the last. You never get used to their raw power and massive bodies, or the mysterious intelligence in their dark, close-set eyes.
Kelly Batten, One Day You'll Find Me|My mouth fell open in incredulity.“Ah, Maria. Are you trying to tell me you’ve taken up the sport of fly-catching with your mouth?”Ros reached over and lifted my chin.“And an assistant too. So that you don’t scare the little flies away. How wonderful; I didn’t realise it was a team sport. Interesting. Tell me, what do they taste like? I can’t imagine a fly filling any hole in your stomach. How many have you caught?”“That’s disgusting.” Ros screwed her face up.“My thoughts exactly.
Dalai Lama XIV|I am so far from being a pessimist...on the contrary, in spite of my scars, I am tickled to death at life.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Stop blaming people for not helping you. No matter how your teacher teaches you to recite a poem, you can’t wear her smiling face to the platform. You’ve got to put that smile on your own face.
Roz Savage, Rowing the Atlantic: Lessons Learned on the Open Ocean|When we are only victorious over small things, it leaves us feeling small.
Florence King, Confessions of a Failed Southern Lady|No matter which sex I went to bed with, I never smoked on the street
Melissa C. Hamilton|His unique skill had always been to absorb the talents and knowledge of others, use what he needed and discard the rest. He never allowed anyone to get to close. He kept the world at arm's length in order to look down on it.
Jess C. Scott, Bedmates|Sever sarcastic snakes, sting six soulless slaves, severely smack saucy sin, scar sooky saps’ spines snogging snug sexy slang, 666 I’m glad you rang…
Helen Thompson|In riding a horse, we borrow freedom
Mary Schmich|That white uniform was her 'pass' to get into white places with us - the grocery store, the state fair, the movies. Even though this was the 70s and the segregation laws had changed, the 'rules' had not.
Tia Mowry|Wisdom I know is social. She seeks her fellows. But Beauty is jealous, and illy bears the presence of a rival.
Johann Hari|From this Legionary school a new man will have to emerge, a man with heroic qualities; a giant of our history to do battle and win over all the enemies of our Fatherland, his battle and victory having to extend even beyond the material world into the realm of invisible enemies, the powers of evil. Everything that our mind can imagine as more beautiful spiritually; everything the proudest that our race can produce, greater, more just, more powerful, wiser, purer, more diligent and more heroic, this is what the Legionary school must give us! A man in whom all the possibilities of human grandeur that are implanted by God in the blood of our people be developed to the maximum. This hero, the product of Legionary education, will also know how to elaborate programs; will also know how to solve the Jewish problem; will also know how to organize the state well; will also know how to convince other Romanians; and if not, he will know how to win, for that is why he is a hero. This hero, this Legionary of bravery, labour, and justice, with the powers God implanted in his soul, will lead our Fatherland on the road of its glory.
Shay Savage, Transcendence|Beh reaches up and touches my cheek.“Love,” she whispers.“Luffs!” I respond, and her smile brightens even more.Without a doubt, I will do anything for her.
Sunday Adelaja|When you are on top of your stuff, which on its own will secure you continuous increase
Hope Mirrlees, Lud-in-the-Mist|He says to me, Ranulph, he says... that the past will never come again, but that we must remember that the past is made of the present, and that the present is always here.
Abigail Barnette, The Girlfriend|Instead of a bucket list Someday Challenge™ wants you to create your Someday Slate™, a list of the things that you have promised yourself to do, things that you planned to do someday! Completing your Someday Slate™ will get you started on finally living your passion now.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|Truth is, moments come to an end. That's how memories are created.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If my heart is set on pursuing real treasures, my mind must be fixed solely on the privilege of enjoying them and freed of the obsession of owning them.
Jennifer Silverwood, Silver Hollow|In a game of chess, someone has to take the black pieces.
Jennifer Senior, All Joy and No Fun: The Paradox of Modern Parenthood|Even when our children are still young and defenseless, we feel intimations of their departure. We find ourselves staring at them with nostalgia, wistful for the person they're about to no longer be.
Luigina Sgarro|Reason forbade me many things which,Instinctively, my nature was attracted to;And a perpetual loss I feel if, knowing,I believe a falsehood or deny the truth.
Taabia Dupree, The Temp|You asked of me once, how high, high can beor if there was an exhibit..I smiled and then whispered..My thighs are the limit…
A.A. Milne|TOMORROW IS ANOTHER DAY. Not true. Today is another day. We have no idea what tomorrow is going to be. It might turn out to be another day, but we can't be sure. If it happens, I'll be the first to say so. But, you know what? By that time, it'll be today again
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie|Imagine how much happier we would be, how much freer to be our true individual selves, if we didn't have the weight of gender expectations.
Belinda Taylor on "Loss"|Don't mire up in self despair of your losses, learn from them and move on to other good things in life. Don't stop allowing the sunshine in because of the fear that winter will come and engulf the warmth. Hold it close to you to help you through those cold winter days.
Debasish Mridha|Have the imagination, create the vision, go with passion, and take the action; you will achieve all of your goals.
John O'Donohue|You wake from dreams of doom and--for a moment--you know: beyond all the noise and the gestures, the only real thing, love's calm unwavering flame in the half-light of an early dawn.
Josh Gates, Destination Truth: Memoirs of a Monster Hunter|Such is the privilege of survival: to be allowed to fashion the means that fit our ends, to cobble together a narrative that reveals (as by the divine light of illumination) the predestined arc of our days. This is no small gift. With it we can neutralize all but the greatest losses, reduce even the greatest bastards to nothing more than bit actors in the drama of our lives, put on this earth for the sole purpose of forwarding our cause. Blessed are those who can believe their own stories.
Claire McCaskill|For the record, I believe elected officials should talk about faith. Our founders believed the moral principles of faith were indispensable to our nation's survival. The Declaration of Independence mentions God four times.
Joan Smith|The issue which faced the jury was this: was Sutcliffe a clever criminal, aware of what he was doing and determined to avoid capture? ... In a sense, it was the wrong question. The battle that was fought out in court - the mad/bad dichotomy - both substitutes for and obscures the real dilemma raised by the Yorkshire Ripper case: is Sutcliffe a one-off, su generis as I have heard one psychiatrist describe him, someone who stands outside our culture and has no relation to it? Those who assert that Sutcliffe is mad are in essence saying yes to this question; madness is a closed category, one over which we have no control and for which we bear no responsibility. The deranged stand apart from us; we cannot be blamed for their insanity. Thus the urge to characterize Sutcliffe as mad has powerful emotional origins; it has as much to do with how we see ourselves and the society in which we live... It is a distancing mechanism, a way of establishing a comforting gulf between ourselves and a particularly unacceptable criminal.
Courtney M. Privett, Mayfly Requiem|A few slave holders were undeniably cruel. Examples of slaves beaten to death were not common, neither were they unknown. The majority of slave holders treated their slaves well.
Debasish Mridha|Not the eyes, but the heart sees the beauty.
Johnny Cash|I wore black because I liked it. I still do, and wearing it still means something to me. It's still my symbol of rebellion -- against a stagnant status quo, against our hypocritical houses of God, against people whose minds are closed to others' ideas.
Klaus Kinski|Sometimes my heart hurts so much, I beat it with my fists. I try to run. But you cannot run from this. It waits for you. Even when you think you have escaped it, it is there.
Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power|God is within you, open your heart and uncover that godliness.
Beth Henley|Some really good things kind of swing both ways and I like to see people that can swing really, really, really sad and horrible and terrible and really, really, really beautiful and funny.
Penelope Fitzgerald, The Bookshop|A good book is the precious life-blood of a master-spirit, embalmed and treasured up on purpose to a life beyond life, and as such it must surely be a necessary commodity.
Jim Beaver, Life's That Way|Of all the things I've ever done, perhaps none was more difficult than turning away from my beautiful girl and walking away, leaving her there, never to look back. But my friend Tom, my ever-faithful good friend Tom said, pointing down the hall away from Cec's room, 'Life's that way. Let's go home.'And so we did.
They Might Be Giants|Let us never weary of repeating, that to think first of the disinherited and sorrowful classes; to relieve, ventilate, enlighten, and love them; to enlarge their horizon to a magnificent extent; to lavish upon them education in every shape; to set them an example of labor, and never of indolence; to lessen the weight of the individual burden by increasing the notion of the universal aim; to limit poverty without limiting wealth; to create vast fields of public and popular activity; to have, like Briareus, a hundred hands to stretch out on all sides to the crushed and the weak; to employ the collective power in the grand task of opening workshops for every arm, schools for every aptitude, and laboratories for every intellect; to increase wages, diminish toil, and balance the debit and credit--that is to say, proportion enjoyment to effort, and supply to demand; in a word, to evolve from the social machine, on behalf of those who suffer and those who are ignorant, more light and more comfort, is (and sympathetic souls must not forget it) the first of brotherly obligations, and (let egotistic hearts learn the fact) the first of political necessities.
Robert  Black|Sometimes, the ocean floor is only a stop on the journey. And it is when you are at this lowest point, that you are faced with a choice. You can stay there at the bottom, until you drown. Or you can gather pearls and rise back up — stronger from the swim and richer from the jewels.
Steven Chopade|Yep, that girl was as dead as you could get inside. But Scarlett Jo wasn't worried. Not really. Because sometimes a person has to die in order to really live.
bell hooks, Teaching Critical Thinking: Practical Wisdom|None of us, irrespective of our sexual preference and/or practice, imagine that we can have an intimate relationship with a partner and always have seamless harmony. Indeed, most of us assume that once the “honeymoon” period is over differences will emerge and conflicts will happen. Positively, we also assume that we will be “safe“ in those moments; that even if voices are raised and emotions expressed are intense, there will not be and should not be any abuse or any reason to be unsafe, and that the will to connect and communicate will prevail.
Anthony Bourdain|What the mass media offers is not popular art, but entertainment which is intended to be consumed like food, forgotten, and replaced by a new dish.
Marco Rubio|I feel very deeply about the need to respect and tolerate people of different social - or sexual orientation. But at the same time, I believe marriage should be preserved as an institution for one man and one woman.
Kristina Howells|It is not easy being different, you just have to accept it and say sod YOU!!!
Sunday Adelaja|A man who is looking backward all the time cannot move forward, he will be standing still
Aishabella Sheikh, Jungle Princess|Beautiful places are almost alive! When you visit them, you can feel their breaths!
John Connolly, The Burning Soul|Sometimes she walks through the village in herlittle red dressall absorbed in restraining herself,and yet, despite herself, she seems to moveaccording to the rhythm of her life to come.She runs a bit, hesitates, stops,half-turns around...and, all while dreaming, shakes her headfor or against.Then she dances a few stepsthat she invents and forgets,no doubt finding out that lifemoves on too fast.It's not so much that she steps outof the small body enclosing her,but that all she carries in herselffrolics and ferments.It's this dress that she'll rememberlater in a sweet surrender;when her whole life is full of risks,the little red dress will always seem right.
Neil Gaiman|I’d once again see that bob of blonde hair back on my pillow, that pink hot smile beaming toward me as I heroically win her heart in some kind of Count of Monte Cristo or Great Gatsby-esque gesture… you know minus the long imprisonment or swimming pool death!
Wayne Gerard Trotman|We'll squeeze every second that we can from our lives, because we're young, and we have plenty of years to grow. We'll grow until we're braver. We'll grow until our bones ache and our skin wrinkles and our hair goes white, and until our hearts decide, at last, that it's time to stop.
Andre Dubus|A child cannot be taught by anyone who despises him, and a child cannot afford to be fooled. A child cannot be taught by anyone whose demand, essentially, is that the child repudiate his experience, and all that gives him sustenance.
Henry Johnson Jr|Education is liberation, knowledge is power.
Jay-Z|Only God can judge me so I'm gone, either love me or leave me alone.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Because You Deserve Love|Don’t play with damaged goods, you will only hurt yourself.
Mark Helprin, Winter's Tale|Isn't that what everyone wants, just for a moment to be unencumbered?
Joey Lawsin, Creation by Law|Mathematically, the purpose of life is to produce a result. In human terms, it is called Happiness.
Anonymous|Walk into any church, and you will see people swimming in a sea of emotions (everything from shame and guilt to love and ecstasy). That may be the reason some people think that the more emotional they are, the more spiritual they are. But, as we will explore later in the book, undiluted spirituality has little to do with emotions, and what little it does have has more to do with emotional growth than feelings of elation.
Nora Ephron, Heartburn|I would give the greatest sunset in the world for one sight of New York's skyline. Particularly when one can't see the details. Just the shapes. The shapes and the thought that made them. The sky over New York and the will of man made visible. What other religion do we need? And then people tell me about pilgrimages to some dank pesthole in a jungle where they go to do homage to a crumbling temple, to a leering stone monster with a pot belly, created by some leprous savage. Is it beauty and genius they want to see? Do they seek a sense of the sublime? Let them come to New York, stand on the shore of the Hudson, look and kneel. When I see the city from my window - no, I don't feel how small I am - but I feel that if a war came to threaten this, I would throw myself into space, over the city, and protect these buildings with my body.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|I’m looking for mushrooms. Giant ones, specifically of the deadly poisonous variety.”“How come?”“Monday is Teacher Appreciation Day, and I was thinking of making a nice quiche for Miss Keener.
Sara Naveed, Undying Affinity|Well…speaking of rights, every single human on the face of this earth is entitled to achieve the basic education; no matter what religion, caste or race they belong to. I’m really against those people who despise the poor. The less fortunate are also normal people like us. In fact, they are special, as they need proper guidance, affection and attention just like us. We should pay them homage and regards rather than looking down upon them. I’m trying my best to support them as much as I can. In fact I’ve opened an orphanage house along with a friend of mine that I was mentioning about before and we’re providing them with the best possible financial services.” He went on.
David Jeremiah, Until Christ Returns: Living Faithfully Today While We Wait for Our Glorious Tomorrow|Amid the thousands of shrill voices screaming for our attention, there is but on Voice we need to hear. The voice of the Lord Jesus Christ.
Harold Holzer, Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion|The author said Frederick Douglass described himself as a "graduate" of slavery with the marks of his diploma on his back.
Lisa Kessler, Harvest Moon|Foreboding, and an all too familiar lack of control, roiled in my gut. My opponent might be hungry for a win, but I was famished. Something in my life would be a victory. Sorry Shark, I wasn’t going down tonight. No chance. - Jason Ayers
Rachel Van Dyken, The Matchmaker's Replacement|Because my weakness has always been her, it would always be her.
Dr. Karan M Pai|In blink of an eye everything can change, so forgive often and love all your heart. You may never know when you may not have the chance again.. Good to you all..
Bob Marley|One love, one heart, one destiny.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., God Bless You, Mr. Rosewater|I think it's terrible the way people don't share things in this country. I think it's a heartless government that will let one baby be born owning a big piece of the country, the way I was born, and let another baby be born without owning anything. The least a government could do, it seems to me, is to divide things up fairly among the babies.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., If This Isn't Nice, What Is?: Advice for the Young|Jesus of Nazareth told us to say these twelve words when we prayed: 'Forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us.' ... And for those words alone, he deserves to be called ;the Prince of Peace.
Marvin Gaye|If you cannot find peace within yourself, you will never find it anywhere else.
Jake Wood, Among You: The Extraordinary True Story of a Soldier Broken By War|I do not think the long-range bullets I fire provide the mark of a man; I am only dimly aware that they are dehumanising me.They are my opium tto see me through my time here. But with each hit they give, they only provide a feeling respite from the past I cannot escape from and thre present I have chosen to mire myself in. And, grounded as I am in the reality of this hill, I do not yet fully appreciate how this addiction is infecting my future with malediction.With this clinical, psychopathically detached behaviour considered as normal, proper and expected on this hall, I cannot yet stop to think - because I cannot allow myself to here - of how hese respites may be blackening my soul in all the time I will have left on my own back Home - should I even live through the remainder of my months here, in some other corner of this Hell of a country.
Kevin Hood, Becoming Jane|A novel must show how the world truly is, how characters genuinely think, how events actually occur. A novel should somehow reveal the true source of our actions.
Idries Shah, Caravan of Dreams|Show me a person who really knows what 'good' is, and I will show you that he almost never uses the word.
Shannon A. Thompson, 2013: A Stellar Collection|The buckets emptied quickly, and men from different squads took turns bringing water from the gully that lay towards the city, where, in the feeble shade of emaciated mulberries, a muddy stream lived out its last days in the diabolical heat.
Graham Greene, The Ministry of Fear|There's nothing so heavy as books, sir--unless it's bricks.
Northern Adams, Mickey and the Gargoyle|Avoidance therapy does not work. One major reason for that is because Avoidance Therapy (diversion, think yourself happy, positive affirmations) is predicated on the validity of 'Failure of Will.' Depression is not a choice.
Zack de la Rocha|Music is your own experience, your own thoughts, your wisdom. If you don't live it, it won't come out of your horn. They teach you there's a boundary line to music. But, man, there's no boundary line to art.
Pope Benedict XVI|Tolerance, which is one form of love of neighbor, must manifest itself not only in our personal relations, but also in the arena of society as well. In the world of opinion and politics, tolerance is that virtue by which liberated minds conquer the evils of bigotry and hatred. Tolerance implies more than forbearance or the passive enduring of ideas different from our own. Properly conceived, tolerance is the positive and cordial effort to understand another’s beliefs, practices, and habits without necessarily sharing or accepting them. Tolerance quickens our appreciation and increases our respect for our neighbor’s point of view. It goes even further; it assumes a militant aspect when the rights of an opponent are assailed. Voltaire’s dictum, “I do not agree with a word that you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it,” is for all ages and places the perfect utterance of the tolerant ideal.
Carrie Jones, Captivate|Nick leans down and kisses my eyelids. “Loving you, Zara, is a full-time job. It’s a great job, don’t get me wrong. It’s the best job in the universe. But it is not easy, because you tend to . . .”“Get hurt?” Betty suggests. “Find trouble? Pass out? Break arms?”“All of the above.” Nick laughs.My hand finds Nick’s wrist and I grab onto its thickness. “You know, I’m the patient here. Where’s the bedside manner? Where’s the sympathy?”“Zara, sympathy is just a good excuse to buy greeting cards and make sorry eyes and secretly gloat over how glad you are that you aren’t the person whose crap is hanging out there for the world to see,” Betty says.
Steven Barnes|Someone asked me about the difference between love and lust. Hmmm. That will take a little thought. How to tell the difference? Well, for guys, if she looks better AFTER you've made love to her than before, that might be love. If you find yourself itching to get out the door afterward, probably just lust, y'know?
Delilah Jean Williams, Scorched Earth, Alien Wonders|None were left now to unname, and yet how close I felt to them when I saw one of them swim or fly or trot or crawl across my way or over my skin, or stalk me in the night, or go along beside me for a while in the day. They seemed far closer than when their names had stood between myself and them like a clear barrier: so close that my fear of them and their fear of me became one same fear. And the attraction that many of us felt, the desire to feel or rub or caress one another’s scales or skin or feathers or fur, taste one another’s blood or flesh, keep one another warm, that attraction was now all one with the fear, and the hunter could not be told from the hunted, nor the eater from the food.
Smiley Blanton|Only yield when you must  never "give up the ship " but fight on to the last "with a stiff upper lip!"
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|As with construction, your personal integrity is the firm foundation upon which you can build a strong character, rewarding life, and healthy relationships.
James Dashner, The Scorch Trials|They called you the Glue""The Glue?""Yeah. Probably because you're kind of the glue that holds us all together
Deyth Banger|All the humanity (Not the people!), are incrediable. What makes them incrediable is the way of thinking, the way of solving!
Stephenie Meyer, Twilight|And so the lion fell in love with the lamb…" he murmured. I looked away, hiding my eyes as I thrilled to the word."What a stupid lamb," I sighed."What a sick, masochistic lion.
Mario J. Molina|The most obvious characteristic of science is its application: the fact that, as a consequence of science, one has a power to do things. And the effect this power has had need hardly be mentioned. The whole industrial revolution would almost have been impossible without the development of science.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|With discipline, you can lose weight, you can excel in work, you can win the war.
Victor Robert Lee, Performance Anomalies|An opportunity fordoing an injury happens a hundred times a day, hut for doing good not once a year," says Zoroaster.
Henry M. Wriston|A guidance counselor who has made a fetish of security, or who has unwittingly surrendered his thinking to economic determinism, may steer a youth away from his dream of becoming a poet, an artist, a musician or any other of thousands of things, because it offers no security, it does not pay well, there are no vacancies, it has no "future".
Joe Greene|Too many people say to their brokers, I can't deal with this. Take my money. Do what you want. That's the worst attitude you can have.
Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth|What makes a man worthy and that which gives him worth is not tittle and status, it is the mere fact that he is human being, created in God's own image.
Karen Davis|The recognition that human beings are specifically and deliberately responsible for whatever aberrances farm animals may embody, that their discordances reflect our, not their, primary disruption of natural rhythms, and that we owe them more rather than less for having stripped them of their birthright and earthrights has not entered into the environmentalist discussions that I've encountered to date.
M.F. Moonzajer|In his imagination, he grabbed his dad by the throat and squeezed until an old mans face turned purple. No pleading, no begging, simply... nothing.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Our universe is not suitable for waiting. This universe is a ‘we must do something universe,’ it is a ‘we must be serious universe!’ Think fast, think right and implement your thoughts very fast! To survive in this universe, ‘waiting’ must be abolished!
Jennifer Paynter, Mary Bennet|Hello, Mary.'It was like hearing a note of divine calm after a dissonant passage of music. My confusion died away.
William L. Hubbard, Complicity and Conviction: Steps Toward an Architecture of Convention|We will feel conviction about the things we create only if we keep discovering, within those creations, new reasons for wanting them to be that way.
Allan Dare Pearce, Paris in April|To the extent a man can control chaos, he should put his testicles on the line and do so, but when a man can't, he should just step aside, or someone in the lineup behind him is gonna bite his ass.
Michael Chabon, The Amazing Adventures of Kavalier & Clay|Gatsby's self-willed metamorphosis from farm boy to prince is many ways identical to my father's. Like Gatsby, my father fueled this transformation with the "colossal vitality of his illusion". Unlike Gatsby he did this on a school teacher's salary.
Ronald Reagan|My dear Excellency! I have not gone to war to collect cheese and eggs, but for another purpose.
Marilynne Robinson, Housekeeping|We had been assured by our elders that intelligence was a family trait. All my kin and forebears were people of substantial or remarkable intellect, thought somehow none of them had prospered in the world. Too bookish, my grandmother said with tart pride, and Lucille and I read constantly to forestall criticism, anticipating failure. If my family were not as intelligent as we were pleased to pretend, this was an innocent deception, for it was a matter of indifference to everybody whether we were intelligent or not. People always interpreted our slightly formal manner and our quiet tastes as a sign that we wished to stay a little apart. This was a matter of indifference, also, and we had our wish.
Anonymous|Those who have easy  cheerful attitudes tend to be happier than those with less pleasant temperaments  regardless of money  "making it " or success.
David W. Earle|As a parent who raised his children in dysfunction, I know the parental wounds my children received were not intentional; often they were my best expression of love, sometimes coming out sideways, not as I intended.
Laney Zukerman|We all have a dual nature,some of us are just better able to control the energy we expend on each part of it." Lessons for an Urban Goddess
N.T. Wright|I have argued that the God of the Bible, and especially of the Gospels, can be understood only as God-in-public, and that methods of criticism designed to keep this rumor quiet need to be challenged by appropriate historical, theological, and political critique and replaced by methods that do justice to the reality of the texts and hence do justice - in the much fuller sense - in the public world that the Gospels demand to address.
Kiera Van Gelder, The Buddha and the Borderline: My Recovery from Borderline Personality Disorder through Dialectical Behavior Therapy, Buddhism, and Online Dating|I’m not interested in Bob Marley telling me to ‘lively up’ myself. The only music that satisfies me is Nine Inch Nails and Trent Reznor’s voice crying through industrial rhytms. In the August evenings, I lie on my bed with earphones, letting his laments roll through me like unrepentant thunderstorms. I envy the courage that carries his voice into the world. He doesn’t berate himself for pain and anger; he howls. And this delights me, even though I feel ashamed when my own rage comes to the surface. My anger doesn’t signify courage; it’s just more confirmation that I’m bad.
Leo Babauta|Instead of focusing on how much you can accomplish, focus on how much you can absolutely love what you’re doing.
A.O. Storm, An A-Hole Gets Married|There was some rhythm, some ecstasy in this dance of flight that expressed the fact that happiness which touches depths and rises beyond physical confines is as old as consciousness, yet ever renewed, and is like the glorying flight of the birds
Alice McDermott, Charming Billy|One chance--that's what she had seen she had--one flying leap that was really composed of eight thousand separate possibilities for falling, and she had taken that chance and come this far and been found out.
Bluenscottish|Silence is also a form of speaking. They’re exactly alike. It’s a basic component of language. We’re always selecting what we say and what we don’t. Why do we say one thing and not the other? And we do this instinctively, too, because no matter what we’re talking about, there’s more that doesn’t get said than does. And this isn’t always to hide things—it’s simply part of an instinctive selection in our speech. This selection varies from one person to the next, so that no matter how many people describe the same thing, the descriptions are different, the point of view is different. And even if there is a similar viewpoint, people make different choices as to what is said or not said. This was very clear to me, coming from the village, since the people there never said more than they absolutely needed to. When I was fifteen and went to the city, I was amazed at how much people talked and how much of that talk was pointless. And how much people talked about themselves—that was totally alien to me.For me, silence had always been another form of communication. After all, you can tell so much just by looking at a person. At home we always knew about each other even if we didn’t talk about ourselves all the time. I encountered a lot of silence elsewhere as well. There was the silence that was self-imposed, because you could never say what you really thought.
P. H. Solomon|So an inerrant archer who's inaccurate." Hastra to Athson, from The Bow of Destiny
Jules Verne|Science moves with the spirit of an adventure characterized both by youthful arrogance and by the belief that the truth, once found, would be simple as well as pretty.
Lisa Gardner, The Neighbor|There are things that once done can’t be undone, things that once said can’t be unsaid.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|God calls big trees out of small seeds, so He prepares great monuments out of small minds. He will definitely call those wonderful things he put in you out of you. When He begins, do not resist!
Brent Weeks, The Blinding Knife|I'm afraid we were so eager to avoid war, we've made it all but certain.
Donna Lynn Hope|She was asked, “What do you see in him?”Taken aback, she replied, “What does he see in me?”Others too wondered why she chose him – not as handsome as the others, not one with a lot of possessions or even status, but little did they know, as little minds go, that she chose the one who wanted her most.
Sharon Draper|I do believe that if you haven't learnt about sadness, you cannot appreciate happiness.
Donald Pillai|Dwelling on a disappointing situation is like walking through drying cement; eventually you will get stuck. Instead make a mental note, picked yourself up and continued living life. #forward
Ted Cruz|Even today, when the Obama administration has liberalized travel to Cuba - and failed to reverse that liberalization when Alan Gross was imprisoned - there are limits.
Tim Pratt, Spell Games|B looked down the shaft, at a metal ladder and darkness beyond. "Me first?"Of course. You're the apprentice, so you always go first into the unknown. If anyone's going to be eaten by a grue, it should be you."Tough job. But at least the hours are terrible.
Benny Bellamacina|You can change your mind, don't let your mind change you
Scott Turow, Limitations|They say that even of a good thing you can have too much. But I doubt it. True, such good things as sunbathing, beer, and tobacco may be intemperately pursued to the detriment of their devotees; yet, to my mind, one cannot have too much of a good murder.
Karen Marie Moning, The Alpha Alternative: JZB Sex Scene|Sex either blows your fucking mind, or it’s not good enough.
Carol Shea-Porter|Chance alone is at the source of all novelty, all creation in the biosphere.
Elizabeth Craft, Bass Ackwards and Belly Up|Whatever her dream was, it rested somewhere in the most vague of directions.
Richard Parks Bland|If you deliver excellence right now, that gives you the best shot at the best future you've got coming.
Dan Santat, Are We There Yet?|To reteach a thing its loveliness is the nature of metta. Through lovingkindness, everyone & everything can flower again from within.
Ross Caligiuri, Dreaming in the Shadows|As her feet beat the concrete ground beneath them, her chest began to ache. It had been a long time since she had run at a full sprint. She was, quite literally, running for her life, and leaving everything she had known before behind. Regardless of her past experiences, here she was, blindly following a girl, who was virtually a stranger, because she had promised to lead Eleanor to safety.
Patrick  Hall, Blades in the Dark: The Guardians of Siva|Whether it be training, dieting, working out, or work ethic, for every great excuse "Not" to do something, there are 100 "better" reasons for you to do it.
Anna Held|Truth makes on the ocean of nature no one track of light; every eye, looking on, finds its own.
Dave Eggers, The Circle|There’s less need to slowly acclimate these guys to the tank,” Bailey said. “They’ll be food pretty soon, so their happiness is less important than the shark’s.
Fareed Zakaria|The best government rests on the people, and not on the few, on persons and not on property, on the free development of public opinion and not on authority.
Joel Salatin, Everything I Want to Do Is Illegal: War Stories from the Local Food Front|A farm includes the passion of the farmer's heart, the interest of the farm's customers, the biological activity in the soil, the pleasantness of the air about the farm -- it's everything touching, emanating from, and supplying that piece of landscape. A farm is virtually a living organism. The tragedy of our time is that cultural philosophies and market realities are squeezing life's vitality out of most farms. And that is why the average farmer is now 60 years old. Serfdom just doesn't attract the best and brightest.
Leah Stewart, The History of Us|She knows about the music stuff, but she doesn't care. That's why I didn't tell her about my job at the studio. She doesn't want make me want to be better, like you do. She doesn't get that it's scary... to want something so much and not be sure if you're good enough.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|I don't get it,' Caroline said, bemused. 'She's the only one with wings. Why is that?'There were so many questions in life. You couldn't ever have all the answers. But I knew this one.It's so she can fly,' I said. Then I started to run.
James Purefoy|If you meet a girl, you meet a girl. It's normal, so if you exchange numbers, whatevs, it's cool.
Peter Zumthor|A vegetable garden in the beginning looks so promising and then after all little by little it grows nothing but vegetables, nothing, nothing but vegetables.
Kenneth de Guzman|They dig holes from time to time,' the Colonel explains. 'It is probably for them what chess is for me. It has no special meaning, does not transport them anywhere. All of us dig at our own pure holes. We have nothing to achieve by our activities, nowhere to get to. Is there not something marvelous about this? We hurt no one and no one gets hurt. No victory, no defeat.
Jamie Dimon|I tried out various experiments described in treatises on physics and chemistry, and the results were sometimes unexpected. At times, I would be encouraged by a little unhoped-for success; at others, I would be in the deepest despair because of accidents and failures resulting from my inexperience.
Michael McDowell|Someone once asked me what I thought horror fiction did. What its purpose was . . . I replied that when I wrote horror fiction, I tried to take the improbable, the unimaginable, and the impossible, and make it seem not only possible--but inevitable.
Vivienne Westwood|I played rugby for years, and I had a rugby jacket that I lost when I was 14. Somehow, my brother found it in storage 15 years later, and he gave it back to me for my 30th birthday. That was amazing and probably one of the best gifts I've ever received.
Catherine Anderson, Phantom Waltz|I loved you before I even knew the name for it. Everyday I'd sit beside you, inhaling your scent, looking at your beautiful face. Every night, dreaming about you. You eclipsed everything else. It was you. Always you.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Bible warns [parents] against extremes in dealing with our adult children. It tells us to avoid trying to control [them] once they become adults. When children become independent, a major transition takes place: They are no longer under our authority.
Shel Silverstein, Where the Sidewalk Ends|I fell for her in summer, my lovely summer girl,From summer she is made, my lovely summer girl,I’d love to spend a winter with my lovely summer girl,But I’m never warm enough for my lovely summer girl,It’s summer when she smiles, I’m laughing like a child,It’s the summer of our lives; we’ll contain it for a whileShe holds the heat, the breeze of summer in the circle of her handI’d be happy with this summer if it’s all we ever had.
Mlungisi Simelane|If you don't discover your passions, purpose and power, then you will pursue the roles assigned by other people's scripts. You will lose the success and potential afforded by new opportunities if you don't know your own priorities and preferences. Your strength is in your uniqueness.If you lose yourself just to get along with others, then you have nothing original to offer this new year of progress and prosperity. Stay true to yourself. Where there is a vision, there is always a provision
Judith Lewis Herman, Trauma and Recovery: The Aftermath of Violence - From Domestic Abuse to Political Terror|So they're looking for a new face, with a voice to go along. I can tell you right now that ain't my style. I don't do no sing alongs, with my freedom.
Claudia Gray, Fateful|You should go." "I can't." "Because you want to stare at the monster?" Alec's green eyes blaze, but with a wholly human fire now. "Or because you pity me?" I couldn't guess which possibility he loathes more. I fold my arms. "I can't leave because the door's locked. Believe me, I would've gone hours ago if I could have." "Oh. Of course." Then he looks so abashed--so boyish, and so handsome--that I almost want to laugh.
Faraaz Kazi|A Very Short Song Once, when I was young and true, Someone left me sad- Broke my brittle heart in two; And that is very bad. Love is for unlucky folk, Love is but a curse. Once there was a heart I broke; And that, I think, is worse.
Mac Thornberry|Wealth and vegetation go together, and that exacerbates environmental injustice. The poor bear the burden of degraded environments.
Simon Sinek|You don't lead by hitting people over the head - that's assault, not leadership.
Bruce Barton|Pride adversely affects all our relationships - our relationship with God and His servants, between husband and wife, parent and child, employer and employee, teacher and student, and all mankind.
Kamand Kojouri|My hours are filled with fantasy and indifference. In day and night dreams, I think of my heaven with you. All the time in between, I carelessly spend in hell without you.
C.G. Jung|The biographies of great artists make it abundantly clear that the creative urge is often so imperious that it battens on their humanity and yokes everything to the service of the work, even at the cost of health and ordinary human happiness. The unborn work in the psyche of the artist is a force of nature that achieves its end either with tyrannical might or with the subtle cunning of nature herself, quite regardless of the personal fate of the man who is its vehicle. The creative urge lives and grows in him like a tree in the earth from which it draws its nourishment.
Penelope Keith|I read, go for walks and I love to garden. My hands are such a mess. People think I should have movie star hands, but they're just gardening ones. Always slightly grubby and with a bit of dirt under the fingernails.
Piet Hein, Grooks 1|A WORD TO THE WISELet the world pass in its time-ridden race; never get caught in its snare.Remember, the only acceptable casefor being in any particular place is having no business there.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|Nature programmed the neurobiological processes of early love to appear as something beyond the primitive sexual cravings of the genitals. So, from an evolutionary standpoint, it all leads to copulation and reproduction, but from the perspective of the individual who has recently fallen head over heels in love with someone, it is mostly about a sensation of warmth and delight, and rarely of sexual nature.
Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu|Can you be a little baby? The baby howls all day, yet its throat never gets hoarse - harmony at its height! The baby makes fists all day, yet its fingers never get cramped - virtue is all it holds to. The baby stares all day without blinking its eyes - it has no preferences in the world of externals.
Kelley Armstrong, Spell Bound|He was impugning my virtue. I ought to have been offended, but for some reason the idea tickled me. That could be my next career: instrument of torture! Seducing prisoners, and then revealing my dragon scales! They would confess out of sheer horror.
Jamie Le Fay, Disillusion|You know, it would be much less trouble if you were willing to bat your magic eyelashes.
Catherynne M. Valente, In the Cities of Coin and Spice|The Golds dance in pairs,Obsidians in threes, Grays in dozens. We dance alone, because only alone do Helldivers drill.~Uncle Narol
Émile Zola, The Dream|But you said so yourself,the poor lass will die of it...Do you really want her to die?'Yes, I'd rather she died than have a bad life.
Alex   Sanchez, Getting It|Playboy stretched his arm, patting Carlos on the back. "Well, you know what they say: If you love someone, let'em go. If they don't come back, hunt'em down and kill'em! 
Kyle M. Scott, AFTERTASTE|Jessica's hand flew to her mouth. If she had any doubt, the next entry settled it.	She read on, cool beads of sweat trickling down the back of her neck, hardly daring to breathe as the black heart of Ormsby Island came closer and closer into focus.
Ashim Shanker, Don't Forget to Breathe|They knew where they were headed but they didn’t know where they were going. Retina shrugged the thought. Roma complained about the possibility they were walking into a trap. After all, he was one of the scientists that decided Solstice’s fate. Retina was adamant no one knew him. Lorenzo didn’t care about anything much but reaching Zharfar after Retina surgically removed his Unicell Groper. They were headed to Africa in what seemed a semi commercial private plane. Eight people including the pilots travelled. They weren’t supposed to know any more particulars. But Lorenzo’s watch placed the coordinates in both numbers and words. They were in West Africa, country Nigeria, state Osun, and township Isura. None of them had ever heard of it, the town, but they were there. And they had travelled for miles, over highly forested nonresidential areas and mountain peaks before they stopped. Wherever they were going was greatly isolated, Roma thought.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Dawn and Rescue|The calling that has been thrust upon you is likewise as demanding and daunting. I understand how you feel, believe me. But we need you, Eena. I would say I’m sorry, but……honestly I’d have no other woman take your place. You are exactly what we need. And yes, it does require a great deal of sacrifice, but you don’t have to bear these burdens alone. We are all here to help you. And believe me there isn’t one of us who wouldn’t give his last breath to defend yours so you might go on to heal Harrowbeth. Don’t block us out. Don’t think you have to stand alone. Please wake up and know that I understand. And I promise I won’t say, ‘I told you so.’” The room fell quiet. Eena didn’t move. Derian could see how her breathing continued smoothly in and out just as before. “I’ll give you some chocolate if you wake up.” It was a last-ditch effort. “I’ve got plenty of it, and I don’t care for the stuff.
Dalai Lama XIV|Contemplating this suffering which is unbearable to us, and is unbearable to others, too, can produce awake mind, which arises from the compassion that wishes to free all living beings from suffering.
Kennedy Fraser|What did she think she understood about him? His gorgeous appearance was only the first layer, yet it was one that she savored now as if she had been hungry for it all of her life. Α wealth of lace and silk on a man was something she had always taken for granted. It spoke of power and social status, vital to the structure of society. Yet Alden had turned it into something elseHis appearance was both beautiful and witty, almost as if he celebrated the irony of hiding masculine muscle beneath such essentially feminine frippery. For a woman to put her hand on a man's sleeve and feel the hard tension of his arm beneath the silk was intensely erotic. Perhaps no age had ever been as blatantly sensual as this one. No wonder men like Alden reveled in it, reaping woman after woman like a scythe harvesting flowers.
Schwaller de Lubicz|When he said someone had "died", Erdős meant that the person had stopped doing mathematics. When he said someone had "left", the person had died.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Return of a Queen|Last night I danced. My body rose from its slump for the first time since the beginning of sorrows—my fingers beckoning to the stars at arm's length, back arching as tingles bubbled up my spine, hips caught in a silent tempo while on tiptoe I twirled in endless euphoric circles. It didn't matter that you loved me or that you didn't. For I was wanted by the gods last night, their seraphs and muses descending on moonbeams into my midst, caressing my face and gliding their spirited arms about my waist, lifting my toes from the soil that I might feel what it is to fly without heaviness of heart. I danced with them under the glow of a loyal moon. For one brief, visceral dance I joyed as Heaven joys—in endless bliss.And the universe cherished me.
James "Doc" Crabtree|Her younger son, twenty, was assigned to a factory that made railroad equipment, but since it provided no salary he was actually paying his workplace three dollars per month so he could stay home to help his mother with the pigs and moonshine.
Terry Pratchett, I Shall Wear Midnight|There have been times, lately, when I dearly wished that I could change the past. Well, I can’t, but I can change the present, so that when it becomes the past it will turn out to be a past worth having.
Roberto Bolaño, 2666|The diseased, anyway, are more interesting than the healthy. The words of the diseased, even those who can manage only a murmur, carry more weight than those of the healthy. Then, too, all healthy people will in the future know disease. That sense of time, ah, the diseased man’s sense of time, what treasure hidden in a desert cave. Then, too the diseased truly bite, whereas the healthy pretend to bite but really only snap at the air. Then, too, then, too, then, too.
Lauren Oliver, Pandemonium|Outside the port, the slashed rock of the unnamed asteroid tumbled and spun in dynamics known only to the gods of chaos mathematics.
T. Harv Eker|Change comes with both fear and some pain. Those two ingredients create mistrust, misunderstanding and misinformation. Such is the process of democracy.
Dan Alatorre|The more time you can put between you and your manuscript, the more fresh your eyes become and the more mistakes you’ll catch. Let a chapter rest for a day, you’ll see ways to improve it. Let your completed book rest a month or more and you’ll see stuff that’s long or that you want to skip. Read it out loud to get rid of awkward phrases and listen to your critique partners if they are good.
Richelle Mead, Blood Promise|Of course, now I had the problem of communicating what I needed. Marlen was still beating on the door, and Dimitri would be up in a couple of minutes. I glared at the human, hoping I looked terrifying. From his expression, I did. I attempted the caveman talk I had with Inna...only this time the message was a little harder. "Stick," I said in Russian. I had no clue what the word for stake was. I pointed at the silver ring I wore and made a slashing motion. "Stick. Where?" He stared at me in utter confusion and then asked, in perfect English, "Why are you talking like that?" "Oh for God's sake," I exclaimed. "Where is the vault?" "Vault?" "A place they keep weapons?" He continued staring. "Oh," he said. "That." Uneasily, he cast his eyes in the direction of the pounding.
Anne Rice, Interview with the Vampire|No matter what it takes. Make at least part of him live, and I can find the rest of him somehow. Someday.
Mirella Muffarotto, Soccer Sweetheart|She had feared the worst, and even though at that very moment she would have liked to wring her neck, she was happy to learn that suicide was not one of the stupid things that Eve had in her repertoire. Suicide made no sense: situations change, people change, and the problems of today may find a solution tomorrow. So long as you’re in the game you can change the final score, but if you take yourself out of it, you’ll never know how it might have ended, and you let the world win.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|What's this?" he demanded, looking from Clary to his companions, as if they might know what she was doing there."It's a girl," Jace said,recovering his composure. "Surely you've seen girls before, Alec. Your sister Isabelle is one.
Peter Rollins, The Idolatry of God: Breaking Our Addiction to Certainty and Satisfaction|This book is about a salvation that takes place within our unknowing and dissatisfaction,
Charles Bukowski|People need me. I fill them. If they can't see me for a while they get desperate, they get sick. But if I see them too often I get sick. It's hard to feed without getting fed.
Biz Stone, Things a Little Bird Told Me: Confessions of the Creative Mind|Creativity is a renewable resource. Challenge yourself every day. Be as creative as you like, as often as you want, because you can never run out. Experience and curiosity drive us to make unexpected, offbeat connections. It is these nonlinear steps that often lead to the greatest work.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Be ashamed not of being single, or, unemployed. That comes standard.
Paul Karl Feyerabend, Against Method: Outline of an Anarchistic Theory of Knowledge|Without a constant misuse of language there cannot be any discovery, any progress
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|I know the consequences, Manon,” Ilyse conceded. “I know the fate you endured might one day be my own. But I refuse to be a prisoner for the rest of my life.
Zubin Mehta|My first vote was for a communist in east London when I was a medical student. But I've voted Tory, Labour and Lib Dem in my time.
Laurie Colwin|I'm very comfortable with the nature of life and death, and that we come to an end. What's most difficult to imagine is that those dreams and early yearnings and desires of childhood and adolescence will also disappear. But who knows? Maybe you become part of the eternal whatever.
Leonard Mokos|Lost race?” The Prince studied Orayna, trying to see something inhuman in her. “Why have I never heard of these ‘Rathiuel’?”	“Because,” Azaroth rapped his knuckles on the Prince’s skull, “you do not care to read.
