Gerald Scarfe|I have seen periods of progress followed by reaction. I have seen the hopes and aspirations of Negroes rise during World War II, only to be smashed during the Eisenhower years. I am seeing the victories of the Kennedy and Johnson Administrations destroyed by Richard Nixon.
Edmund Morgan|Americans chose a limited government that exists to protect our rights, not to grant them.
Madeleine L'Engle|Human beings are the only creatures who are allowed to fail. If an ant fails, it's dead. But we're allowed to learn from our mistakes and from our failures. And that's how I learn, by falling flat on my face and picking myself up and starting all over again.
Franz Kafka|My courage is faith--faith in the eternal resilience of me--that joy'll come back, and hope and spontaneity. And I feel that till it does I've got to keep my lips shut and my chin high and my eyes wide--not necessarily any silly smiling. Oh, I've been through hell without a whine quite often--and the female hell is deadlier than the male.
Barack Obama|Being gritty doesn't mean not showing pain or pretending everything is O.K. In fact, when you look at healthy and successful and giving people, they are extraordinarily meta-cognitive. They're able to say things like, 'Dude, I totally lost my temper this morning.' That ability to reflect on yourself is signature to grit.
Max Heindel|Fluid intelligence doesn't look much like the capacity to memorise and recite facts, the skills that people have traditionally associated with brainpower.
Gugu Mona|When people don't understand the meaning of freedom in their lives, they will continue to live as though they're still oppressed.
Bret Easton Ellis, The Informers|On the plane leaving Tokyo I’m sitting alone in back twisting the knobs on Etch-A-Sketch and Roger is next to me singing “Over the Rainbow” straight into my ear, things changing, falling apart, fading, another year, a few more moves, a hard person who doesn’t give a fuck, a boredom so monumental it humbles, arrangements so fleeting made by people you don’t even know that it requires you to lose any sense of reality you might have once acquired, expectations so unreasonable you become superstitious about ever matching them. Roger offers me a joint and I take a drag and stare out the window and I relax for a moment when the lights of Tokyo, which I never realized is an island, vanish from view but this feeling only lasts a moment because Roger is telling me that other lights in other cities, in other countries, on other planets, are coming into view soon.
Brian   Joyce, The B-Side Diaries|The place smelled of commodes and playing cards, and before I was halfway to the end I had made a firm resolve never to begin to die. For me it would be all or nothing: no half measures, no lingering on the doorstep.
Peter Boghossian|...And then, just when everything is bearing down on us to such an extent that we can scarcely withstand it, the Christmas message comes to tell us that all our ideas are wrong, and that what we take to be evil and dark is really good and light because it comes from God. Our eyes are at fault, that is all. God is in the manger, wealth in poverty, light in darkness, succor in abandonment. No evil can befall us; whatever men may do to us, they cannot but serve the God who is secretly revealed as love and rules the world and our lives.
Ryan Holiday|If it were the Clinton people, they'd be sitting around figuring out how to pull themselves out. Instead the president is continuing to go around the country and peddling Social Security, which the needle is not moving on.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|Books--oh! no. I am sure we never read the same, or not with the samefeelings.""I am sorry you think so; but if that be the case, there can at least beno want of subject. We may compare our different opinions.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The people of today would rather stand next to a man with no substance but covered in gold, rather than the man with substance and wisdom of gold. What if God was dressed as a carpenter with dirty nails and beaten boots? Would you recognize your Maker? Would you give him your time? Your vote? A cup of tea or water? Only those with truth in them will recognize truth. And you must learn to recognize all that is untrue to get the truth.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|When you remember that you are a unique and very important person created by a divine being we call God, and in "His" very image, then you relax well knowing that your life is a divine plan, and your job is to surrender and allow
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|Obstinate, headstrong girl!
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Soared Over Fairyland and Cut the Moon in Two|Under the moon, the road that ran from the edge of her forest gleamed like water, but when she stepped out onto it, away from the trees, she felt how hard it was, and how long. She almost turned back then; but instead she took a deep breath of the woods air that still drifted to her, and held it in her mouth like a flower, as long as she could.
Anne Rice, The Tale of the Body Thief|And I was some of the mud that got to sit up and look around. Lucky me, lucky mud.
Ursula K. Le Guin, A Wizard of Earthsea|Under his feet he felt the hillroots going down and down into the dark, and over his head he saw the dry, far fires of the stars. Between, all things were his to order, to command. He stood at the center of the world.
Chris Marvel, Love Laws "Rules of Love and Relationship in the 21st Century|You have soul ties with the people you sleep with and even when you are no longer in bed with them, they remain in your head. Your thoughts are consumed by their absence in your life. We feel disconnected from something when we give away our most prized bodily asset to a person that can’t even spell our last name correctly
K.J. Parker, Shadow|But how do we know it's really you? I mean, I could put a saucepan on my head and call myself the God of Boiled Dumplings; wouldn't mean I was telling the truth.
Holly Bourne, Am I Normal Yet?|Be yourself. Above all, let who you are, what you are, what you believe, shine through every sentence you write, every piece you finish.
Elaine Liner|...bow to genius, but to the authority of that genius - not the display of talent...
Jung Chang, Wild Swans: Three Daughters of China|My mother could see that as far as my father's relationship with the Party was concerned, she was an outsider. One day, when she ventured some critical comments about the situation and got no response from him, she said bitterly, "You are a good Communist, but a rotten husband!" My father nodded. He said he knew.
David Hare|People always say that in England we lead shallow lives. Our lives must be shallow because we live in a country where nobody believes in anything any more. My whole life, I've been told: 'Western civilization? An old bitch gone in the teeth,' And so people say, go to Israel. Because in Israel at least people are fighting. In Israel, they're fighting for something they believe in.
Anonymous, The Book of David|[He] had riposted with the proper metaphysical statements, yet he was disturbed.
Robertson Davies|Every time I see something terrible, it's like I see it at age 19. I keep a freshness that way.
Rafael Sabatini, The Life of Cesare Borgia|Mind being the seat of the soul, and literature being the expression of the mind, literature, it follows, is the soul of an age, the surviving and immortal part of it.
Kate Griffin|...for life is magic, magic is life, the left-over life we don't even notice we're living.
Katie McGarry, Crash into You|Your arousal is like the sweetest perfume I’ve ever smelled... I can sense it all around me — tingling against my skin, thickening your blood and shoving me off the edge of insanity.
Lemony Snicket|All I do is keep on running in my own cozy, homemade void, my own nostalgic silence. And this is a pretty wonderful thing. No matter what anybody else says.
Kamila Shamsie, Kartography|I didn’t tell him that I grew up in an ugly city that taught me how to look between dust and rubbish and potholes to find a splinter of glass that looked like unmelting ice, beautiful in its defiance of the sun.
Joyce Cary|To forgive is wisdom, to forget is genius.
Luis Marques, Kemet - The Year of Revelation|Truth is not a right to be claimed, but a gift for those who are able to conquer it. ☥
Cedric Nye, Jango's Anthem|From the first, Istanbul had given him the impression of a town where, with the night, horror creeps out of the stones. It seemed to him a town the centuries had so drenched in blood and violence that, when daylight went out, the ghosts of its dead were its only population.
Orson Scott Card, Speaker for the Dead|No human being, when you understand his desires, is worthless. No one's life is nothing. Even the most evil of men and women, if you understand their hearts, had some generous act that redeems them, at least a little, from their sins.
John Burns|When I was 16 the first girl I had a crush on wasn't interested at all. I liked her from afar for ages, and when I eventually got the courage and told her, and she wasn't into me.
Nigerian Proverb|Well. I am not afraid. But to protect you, Katerina, I will be discreet." Plain Kate considered a cat's idea of discretion, and was frightened.
Thomas Hughes, Tom Brown's Schooldays|A moment of brilliance is not good enough to pay for your mistakes, it's taking responsibility
Andre Agassi, Open|There are many ways of getting strong, sometimes talking is the best way.
Georges Pompidou|How wrong it is for a woman to expect the man to build the world she wants, rather than to create it herself.
Haruki Murakami, After the Quake|Don't tell me anymore. You should have your dream, as the old woman told you to. I understand how you feel, but if you put those feelings into words they will turn into lies. (from Thailand)
Tony Hsieh, Delivering Happiness: A Path to Profits, Passion, and Purpose|I had decided to stop chasing the money, and start chasing the passion.
Paula Poundstone|There are those wonderful moments of clarity in life when one is reminded how irreparably flawed we humans are. Once, when I was nineteen, on the subway in Boston I lost my balance slightly and bumped into an elderly woman. I quickly apologized and she replied, "Well, hold on to something, stupid." There it is. That's it. That's it in a nutshell. I don't want to sound negative, but I think every fetus should be shown a film of that incident, maybe projected up on the uterine wall, and then asked if it wants to come out. I am a strong believer in a woman's right to choose, but I also think that in the last trimester, the kid should be given every opportunity to back out.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Avonlea|It takes all sorts of people to make a world, as I've often heard, but I think there are some who could be spared,' Anne told her reflection in the east gable mirror that night.
Steve Maraboli|Not all generous hearts are gullible enough to be screwed by cold, calculating, business propaganda. A person who has an eye for what is right and the truth will immediately spot the cunning ways of a selfish "user and hungry grabber" who took initiative to grab the originality from other people they tried to profile, fake befriended and extracted favours." ~ Angelica Hopes, an excerpt from If I Could Tell You
Andrea Gibson|...It’s hard to watchthe game we make of love,like everyone’s playing checkerswith their scars,saying checkmatewhenever they get outwithout a broken heart.Just to be clearI don’t want to get outwithout a broken heart.I intend to leave this lifeso shatteredthere’s gonna have to bea thousand separate heavensfor all of my flying parts.
Jeff Greenfield|Every time anybody in Washington talks about legal status, amnesty, anything of that nature, it becomes a magnet that lures people in quickly into the United States.
Paulo Freire, Pedagogy of the Oppressed|One cannot expect positive results from an educational or political action program which fails to respect the particular view of the world held by the people. Such a program constitutes cultural invasion, good intentions notwithstanding.
Wallace Stegner, Crossing to Safety|Ambition is a funny thing: it creeps in when you least expect it and keeps you moving, even when you think you want to stay put
Kim Fielding, Brute|When I read a book, I put in all the imagination I can, so that it is almost like writing the book as well as reading it - or rather, it is like living it. It makes reading so much more exciting
M.T Anderson|I was thinking of how sometimes, trying to say the right thing to people, it's like some kind of brain surgery...
Emily Colin, The Memory Thief|You don't really love me, or you never would have treated me like you did. You were just afraid of letting me go. There’s a difference, and no one knows that better than I do. We were both afraid of moving on, me of what I really wanted. It brought us together, it bound us, but no longer. I am done with making decisions based on fear. [Nicholas to Grace]
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Adventure of the Norwood Builder|When we embrace our Intuition, be embrace a new way of living...The intuitive process is an adventure. There are new discoveries around every corner, and we always have the power to change our lives.
Nigel Farage|It's amazing, if you know what you want to say, how fast it is to write.
Mary J. Blige|If I could write a story that would do for the Indian one-hundredth part what 'Uncle Tom's Cabin' did for the Negro, I would be thankful the rest of my life.
Eddie Vedder|And I tell you, having girls has made me a much better man. I have friends who are fathers, but they only have boys, and they have the same attitude toward women they always had, you know? And I don't play that... My girls, you mess with them? I will bury you underground.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|When I said yes,it implies till death,and forever thence.When I said love,it connotes trust,allied in situations tough.And today,when I hold your hand,I am prepared to stand,any trouble,any avalanche.
Raphael Zernoff|When we follow our joy and excitement, being focused on what we love and appreciate, the change always unfolds with a great ease. Whenever we experience any tension in our transformations, it only indicates our resistance to the change. In fact, it is not the change itself that we resist. We resist ourselves. We resist becoming a more holistic person who is aware of our multidimensional nature.
Colin Angle|The great thing that guys like Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg and the Google guys have in common is they treat their technology like it's art, and I suppose in the hands of virtuosos like them, it is.
Compton Gage|By studying, understanding and do the wills of the book, you renounce your mortal life.
Ric Ocasek|I enjoy 'Murphy Brown,' but I am shocked that people really like 'Married... With Children.' These shows are toilet humor, and none of them have good characters.
Abhijit Naskar, Prescription: Treating India's Soul|The so-called mystical characters of India, whom you call in many ways, such as “swami”, “baba” and “guru” are nothing but an informal, cheap and primitive substitute for modern psychotherapists or counsellors.
Scott Stabile|There is so much we’ll likely never agree on, but can we at least agree to be respectful and kind to each other anyway.
Noam Chomsky|The reason why people wear pajamas to the airport in the first place is so that they'll be comfortable during their flight. But you know, typically, air travel is 50 to 75 percent of the time you spend traveling. The rest of the time you spend in public places like airports and around other people. That's when looking good trumps comfort.
Dalai Lama XIV|To be kind, honest and have positive thoughts; to forgive those who harm us and treat everyone as a friend; to help those who are suffering and never to consider ourselves superior to anyone else: even if this advice seems rather simplistic, make the effort of seeing whether by following it you can find greater happiness.
Andrew Galasetti, These Colors Don't Run|…when you lonely is the best time to pray, to speak to the Lord, and most important, to listen to the Lord…
Ingmar Bergman|Film as dream, film as music. No art passes our conscience in the way film does, and goes directly to our feelings, deep down into the dark rooms of our souls.
Randy Alcorn, Deadline|Do you wish to speak in Provençal, French, or Latin? They are all I can manage, I'm afraid.""Any will do," the rabbi replied in Provençal."Splendid. Latin it is," said Pope Clement.
Dawna Markova|I don’t think anyone “finds” joy. Rather, we cultivate it by searching for the preciousness of small things, the ordinary miracles, that strengthen our hearts so we can keep them open to what is difficult
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|Looking up at [the sky], I think about the October evening world, where 'people' must be going about their lives. Beneath that pale autumn light, they must be walking down streets, going to the store for things, preparing dinner, boarding trains for home. And they think--if they think at all--that these things are too obvious to think about, just as I used to do (or not do).
S.J.D. Peterson, Pup|You’ll be stronger, Alayna, having explored the part of you that you’ve been afraid to know. I’ll have to stop if you tell me to, so you’ll actually hold the power, but you won’t tell me to stop. You’ll beg me not to, and when you leave here, you’ll believe you’re the gorgeous, sensual being I see in front of me.
Heidi Cullinan, Special Delivery|He wanted to be loved and cherished, yes. But he also wanted to be fucked.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Because of fear, most people don’t dream big. Because of fear, even those who dream big do not start working on them. Because of fear, those who start working on their dreams end up quitting too early.
Murray Rothbard|Even after Independence, we have had to face the poison of casteism and communalism. How long these evils will continue? Whom does it benefit?
Melita Tessy, Battle of the Spheres: Crust, Mantle and Core|Once you are a warrior, you must live like one. You can't be afraid to fight against and destroy anything that fights against what is right.
Vint Cerf|When I helped to develop the open standards that computers use to communicate with one another across the Net, I hoped for but could not predict how it would blossom and how much human ingenuity it would unleash.
Jennifer Ashley, Lady Isabella's Scandalous Marriage|I loved and adored you, but I drained you like a thirsty man at a spring. I loved what you could give me - your admiration, your acceptance, your love, your forgiveness. I forgot to love you for yourself.
Renee Ahdieh, The Wrath and the Dawn|There's nothing you can do about the past." "You're wrong. I can learn from it..." Tariq dug his heels into his stallion's flanks, and the horse shot forward, painting a dark smudge across the sand. "And I can make sure it never happens again!
Victoria Osteen|A pilot is like the most extensive dress rehearsal you can ever imagine, because the writers are learning about the actors, the actors are learning about the characters.
Karl Ove Knausgård|What a lover of words and their beauty discovers. . .is that there is literally a word for every object, material or immaterial, every relation, and every process that human beings have experienced. Because that is what words are: the crystallization in language of thousands of years of experience across numerous cultures and civilizations, each word being the most tangible flesh in which thought is tabernacled.
Vironika Tugaleva|To love everyone unconditionally does not mean to give everyone your unconditional time. Sometimes, to love completely, we must never see someone again. This, too, is love. This is giving someone the freedom to exist and be happy, even if it must be without you.
Pete Townshend|Earth changes, but thy soul and God stand sure.
Elizabeth George, Walking with the Women of the Bible: A Devotional Journey Through God's Word|God values Christian character, which shines in positive, outward conduct. Fashion your heart after Jesus.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|You need nothing more than the experience you are having right now. It is enough. It is plenty. It is perfect just as it is. It was designed for you, given to you for your experience. All you have to do, and all you have ever had to do is accept this gift. Take it and let it in. Let yourself experience the present moment just as it is. It doesn't get any better than this. This is the simple truth the ego refuses to accept, and it will suffer as long as that is the case.
Richard Flanagan|Much has been made about the death of the novel and the end of literature as it’s seen to be assailed by technology, by the web, by the many and varied new forms of entertainment and culture. I don’t share that pessimism because I think it is one of the great inventions of the human spirit.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|He had always wanted to write music, and he could give no other identity to the thing he sought. If you want to know what it is, he told himself, listen to the first phrases of Tchaikovsky’s First Concerto--or the last movement of Rachmaninoff’s Second. Men have not found the words for it, nor the deed nor the thought, but they have found the music. Let me see that in one single act of man on earth. Let me see it made real. Let me see the answer to the promise of that music. Not servants nor those served; not altars and immolations; but the final, the fulfilled, innocent of pain. Don’t help me or serve me, but let me see it once, because I need it. Don’t work for my happiness, my brothers--show me yours--show me that it is possible--show me your achievement--and the knowledge will give me courage for mine.
Bruce Lee|Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable.
Mitch Albom, Have a Little Faith: a True Story|If we tend to the things that are important in life, if we are right with those we love, and behave in line with our faith, our lives will not be cursed with the aching throb of unfulfilled business. Our words will always be sincere, our embraces will be tight. We will never wallow in the agony of ‘I could have, I should have’. We can sleep in a storm. And when its time, our goodbyes will be complete.
Manu Pratap TMPS|If you Never Give Up, you can Beat The Best !!
Shannon Messenger, Exile|Sing swan, Spring swan then lets fly.Follow the pretty bird across the sky.Call swan, Fall swan, then lets rest.Tucked in the branches of your quiet nest.
Debasish Mridha|Oh mommy! You are my world, my love. I am your little boy, and I stole your heart.
Marcy Kaptur|The art and culture that is New York, communications, finance, all these things help make up New York. The rest of the country should be happy that we are what we are.
Italo Calvino, Six Memos For The Next Millennium|It was the French of the Normans that, grafting itself onto the barbaric Saxon tongue, gave it its most magnificent blossoming. And, in these new countries, where both English and French are intertwined again, it is as if English were bathing itself in the fountain of its own youth, and as if French were remembering the buried treasures it had thought forgotten.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Friends 2 Lovers: The Unthinkable|A man must stand erect, not be kept erect by others.
Susan Shaw, Women's Voices, Feminist Visions: Classic and Contemporary Readings|When it comes to sexuality, romantic love plays a large part in feminine sexual scripts. Research suggests that women make sense of sexual encounters in terms of the amount of intimacy experienced; love becomes a rationale for sex. If i am in love, women often reason, sex is okay. Men more easily accept sex for its own sake, with no emotional strings necessarily attached. In this way, sexual scripts for men have involved more of an instrumental (sex for its own sake) approach, whereas for women it tends to be more expressive (sex involving emotional attachments). There is evidence to suggest that women are moving in the direction of sex as an end in itself without the normative constraints of an emotional relationship. By and large, however, women are still more likely than men to engage in sex as an act of love. Many scholars suggest that romance is one of the key ways that sexism is maintained in society.
Mikhail Tal|-No- I swallowed past the fear in my throat- But I'm afraid of fucking it up.- We all fuck things up, Gav. it's how we fix them after we've broken them matters.
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|I’m sorry,” he says. No two words were ever truer.Still, she says nothing. Once a shield, now her taciturnity is brandished like a blade, carving away his sanity. She’s the flaw in the paragon of life—the reason angels choose to dive to their downfalls in fiery comets of stardust.
A.J. Garces|At the bottom of the human well, there should always be a candle of compassion.
Leopold von Sacher-Masoch|The problem with a lot of people is that what they think is a virtue is actually a vice in disguise. It's much easier to convince yourself that you're reasonable and civilised, than soft and weak, isn't it?
George F. Will, The Woven Figure: Conservatism and America's Fabric|Imagine you're alive at the end of the Civil War. You're living in the South, but you're a Northerner. You plan to move home as soon as the war's over. While in the South you've accumulated lots of Confederate currency. Now, suppose you know for a fact the North's going to win the war, and the end is imminent. What will you do with your Confederate money? If you're smart, there's only one answer. You should immediately cash in your Confederate currency for U. S. currency - the only money that will have value once the war's over. Keep only enough Confederate currency to meet your short-term needs. Kingdom currency, backed by the eternal treasury, is the only medium of exchange recognized by the Son of God, whose government will last forever. The currency of his kingdom is our present faithful service and sacrificial use of our resources for him. The payoff in eternity will be what Paul called 'a firm foundation' consisting of treasures beyond our wildest dreams.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|We went to the New York World's Fair, saw what the past had been like, according to the Ford Motor Car Company and Walt Disney, saw what the future would be like, according to General Motors. And I asked myself about the present: how wide it was, how deep it was, how much was mine to keep.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Apathy is unconditional surrender where we are driven into hiding by unrealistic fear, and firmly held there by the misinformed belief that we are helpless to do anything other than hide. Therefore, apathy survives solely on lies and can be completely abated by truth.
Robertson Davies, The Manticore|But one must remember that they were all men with systems. Freud, monumentally hipped on sex (for which he personally had little use) and almost ignorant of Nature: Adler, reducing almost everything to the will to power: and Jung, certainly the most humane and gentlest of them, and possibly the greatest, but nevertheless the descendant of parsons and professors, and himself a super-parson and a super-professor. all men of extraordinary character, and they devised systems that are forever stamped with that character.… Davey, did you ever think that these three men who were so splendid at understanding others had first to understand themselves? It was from their self-knowledge they spoke. They did not go trustingly to some doctor and follow his lead because they were too lazy or too scared to make the inward journey alone. They dared heroically. And it should never be forgotten that they made the inward journey while they were working like galley-slaves at their daily tasks, considering other people's troubles, raising families, living full lives. They were heroes, in a sense that no space-explorer can be a hero, because they went into the unknown absolutely alone. Was their heroism simply meant to raise a whole new crop of invalids? Why don't you go home and shoulder your yoke, and be a hero too?
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Fair... You'd be amazed how often I hear that word, Frank Zhang,and how meaningless it is. Is it fair your life will burn so short and bright? Was it fair when I guided your mother to the Underworld? No, not fair. And yet it was her time. There is no fairness in Death. If you free me, I will do my duty.
Jonathan Odell, The Healing|But remember this. When God wants to punish us, he gives us just ourselves to care for.
Dean Koontz|Life without meaningcannot be borne.We find a missionto which we're sworn--or answer the callof Death's dark horn.Without a gleaningof purpose in life,we have no vision,we live in strife,--or let blood fallon a suicide knife.
Rabindranath Tagore|Love is an endless mystery, because there is no reasonable cause that could explain it.
Siobhan Vivian, Not That Kind of Girl|Forcing girls to be ashamed for doing the things that come natural to them — it's a ridiculous double standard, and we should all, frankly, tell anyone who judges us to screw off.
Peter Kreeft, The Philosophy of Tolkien: The Worldview Behind the Lord of the Rings|If you know the North, you know where the South is; if you know the darkness, you know where the light is! Evil is an excellent compass to find the good!
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To be truly great, begin to convert all your passing time into products through hard work.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Music shouldn't be just a tune, it should be a touch.
Suzette Boon, Coping with Trauma-Related Dissociation: Skills Training for Patients and Therapists|Chemically, I'm as off as I can be. But you fix me.
Gayle Forman, Where She Went|I force my eyes upward and look at Mia for the first time. She's still beautiful. Not in an obvious Vanessa LeGrande or Bryn Shraeder kind of way. In a quiet way that's always been devastating to me. Her hair, long and dark, is down now, swimming damply against her bare shoulders, which are still milky white and covered with the constellation of freckles that I used to kiss. The scar on her left shoulder, the one that used to be an angry red weld is silvery pink now. Almost like the latest rage in tattoo accessories. Almost pretty.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Thinking about the bed leaves you horny, but thinking beyond the bed gives you honor, freedom and wisdom.
Douglas Wilson|This particular strand of feminism is characterized by two tenets: 1. men are jerks, and 2. women should strive by all means to become like them.
Anthony Liccione|The beauty on the inside, will determine the ugly on the outside.
J. Gresham Machen, The Christian Faith in the Modern World|Lo, thou, my Love, art fair;Myself have made thee so;Yea, thou art fair indeed,Wherefore thou shalt not needIn beauty to despair;For I accept thee so,For fair.[excerpt from "Christ to His Spouse"]
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|When she opened her door, Levi was sitting in the hallway, his legs bent in front of him, hunched forward on his knees. He looked up when she stepped out.“I’m such an idiot,” he said.Cath fell between his knees and hugged him.“I can’t believe I said that,” he said. “I can’t even go nine hours without seeing you.
Bertrand De Jouvenel, Sovereignty|The idea so commonly found that scepticism leads to toleration arises from considering the effects of scepticism in the intellectual who takes no active part - not its effects in the man of action. In the man of action, moral relativism and scepticism as to the absolute and universal value of his priunciples are no obstacle to a fanatical belief in their immediate value as his own clan at the actual moment; they do not weaken in the least his will to impose his principles. How should he glimpse a soul of truth in the principles of others, entitling them to respect, when he does not believe in noble origins of this kind even for his own principles?
Peter De Vries|Not eating meat is a decision, eating meat is an instinct.
Noam Chomsky, Imperial Ambitions: Conversations on the Post-9/11 World|You aren't supposed to learn that dedicated, committed effort can bring about significant changes of consciousness and understanding. That's a very dangerous idea, and therefore it's been wiped out of history.
T. Harv Eker, Secrets of the Millionaire Mind: Mastering the Inner Game of Wealth|If you want to change the fruits, you will first have to change the roots. If you want to change the visible, you must first change the invisible.
Munindra Misra, Eddies of Life|2.05 TARGETAs the Hunter reached its side,And looked down with full pride,He exclaimed with joy begot,How well his target he had got.[14]	- 2The shot deer in throes of death,Moaned in his last few breaths,`Understand nature and eternity,Brother - Just once the target you be.’[15]	- 2
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|I believe that we are all born for greatness yet most of us mire in the mediocrity of life. We become complacent or worse, discouraged and stagnate. We damn ourselves by not progressing.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|All's well that ends well.''Assuming there's an end somewhere,' Aomame said.Tamaru formed some short creases near his mouth that were faintly reminiscent of a smile. 'There has to be an end somewhere. It's just that nothing's labeled "This is the end." Is the top rung of a ladder labeled "This is the last rung. Please don't step higher than this'?"Aomame shook her head.'It's the same thing,' Tamaru said.Aomame said, 'If you use common sense and keep your eyes open, it becomes clear enough where the end is.'Tamaru nodded. 'And even if it doesn't' -- he made a falling gesture with his finger -- 'the end is right there.
Abhijit Naskar, Rowdy Buddha: The First Sapiens|Rationality attracts conscientious humans, whereas mysticism attracts fools.
Michael Montoure, Slices|The NSA?""Yeah, they called and offered to help out. Same software they use for enhancing spy satellite imagery."Venkat shrugged. "It's amazing how much red tape gets cut when everyone's rooting for one man to survive.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Kind heart, kind soul.
Paul Hoffman, The Left Hand of God|...the older I get, the more I believe that if love is to be judged by most of its visible effects, it looks more like hatred than friendship.
Camilla Dorand, Back to Me: Changing How I Feel About My Mother, My Body, and Men|For transformation to be successful, we the people must first liberate ourselves and our brethren from the clutches of religion.
Jerusalem Jackson Greer, A Homemade Year: The Blessings of Cooking, Crafting, and Coming Together|I'm lucky I'm a comedian, 'cause otherwise my life would just be a series of undocumented low points.
Howard Jacobson, The Finkler Question|How do you go on knowing that you will never again - not ever, ever - see the person you have loved? How do you survive a single hour, a single minute, a single second of that knowledge? How do you hold yourself together?
Alice Sebold|A man may follow vanity as truly in the counting-house as in the theatre. If he be spending his life in amassing wealth, he passes his days in a vain show.
Emily Arden, Lover by Moonlight: Deception: Book One|He looked at her and could see she was trembling, her face even paler than usual and her eyes wide and vulnerable. His heart went out to her and he reached towards her, gathering her much smaller hand into his.“It’s OK Rosa. Whatever you have to say to me, it’s OK. Don’t be afraid – nothing will come between us now.
Walt Whitman, Song of Myself|I hear and behold God in every object, yet understand God not in the least, Nor do I understand who there can be more wonderful than myself.
Jennifer A. Girardin, The French De Ception|Trap is a four-letter word, and like so many four-letter words it can mean something entirely else.--Hugo Anstead
Jaeda DeWalt|All the external adoration, respect and adulation in the world, can't drown out the internal voices that tell us, we are not good enough and unworthy of; happiness, love and an abundant life. When we need others to tell us we're amazing, worthy and lovable, in order to feel good about ourselves, it is never enough. It goes into the bottomless pit where our inherent self-worth should be. It may feel like we are reaching out to receive love, but in actuality, we are seeking external noise to help drown out our negative core beliefs.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Purgatorio|It is arguable that when Humanists, "Shook off," as people say, "the trammels of religion," and discovered things of this world as objects of veneration in their own right... they began to lose the finer appreciation of even the world itself. Thus to the Christian centuries, the flesh was holy (or sacer at least in one sense or the other), and they veiled its awful majesty; to the Humanist centuries it was divine in its own right, and they exhibited it. Now it is the commonplace of the magazine cover. It has lost its numen. So too with the cult of knowledge for its own sake declining from the Revival of Learning to the Brains Trust.
Julieanne O'Connor|Worthy or not, you will receive your destiny. Awake or not you will notice.
Shannon L. Alder, 300 Questions LDS Couples Should Ask Before Marriage|The most important quality in the man you decide to marry should be the ability to make you laugh. Beauty fades, careers end, money comes and goes, religions change, children grow up and move away, spouses get sick, struggles happen, family members die, senility sets in when your older, but the ability to make you giggle every day is the most precious gift God can give you to get through all of it.
|Your journey to the pinnacle of your destiny isn't over until God says so. Therefore, never allow your circumstances to resurrect fears or doubts in your mind, and force you into betraying yourself by giving up..
Ronlyn Domingue, The Mercy of Thin Air|why, it beats so i can love you.
Italo Calvino, If on a Winter's Night a Traveler|Reading is going toward something that is about to be, and no one yet knows what it will be.
Stephen King, Song of Susannah|Cat can have kittens in the oven, girl, but that won’t ever make em muffins.
Christa Carmen, Devolution Z: The Horror Magazine September 2016|You can't drink 'English afternoon tea' in the morning," the barista said to her, his eyes blazing like shards of crystal meth about to ignite. "Do you want to be responsible for fucking up the universe?
Sipporah Joseph, Spirit Tale Three: Teacher of Counsel|Shimmel: “NEVER TRUST THE GOYIM. They are just like these other weird dangerous people, Messianic Jews! How dare Jews become “Christian-like”, Messianic? We should cherem (ban) them from every aspect of Jewish life. And we must strip them of every Jewish privilege!
Steve Toltz, A Fraction of the Whole|The moment seemed endless, but it was probably only half that.
Debasish Mridha|See a day,not with the open eyes,but with the open mind from far away.
Thomm Quackenbush, Danse Macabre (Night's Dream, #2)|When he leaned in to kiss me, the future swirled before me, bright as sunlight on creek water.
Samuel Lover|Don't ever let the other stuff get in the way of your inherent skills as a kick-butt storyteller. Move the reader, make them happy and sad and excited and scared. Make them stare into space after they've put the book down, thinking about the tale that's become a part of them.
Banana Yoshimoto, Kitchen|When was it I realized that, on this truly dark and solitary path we all walk, the only way we can light is our own? Although I was raised with love, I was always lonely.Someday, without fail, everyone will disappear, scattered into the blackness of time.
Rachele Brooke Smith|Happiness for me is the people whom you love, love you back.
Robert Wells|A young gratuitous smile; trust and distrust;Promiscuities of bed and board and road; The one assured treasureA life, in recollection, truly possessed.
Russ Ramsey, Struck: One Christian's Reflections on Encountering Death|I do not like being thwarted, but shall I receive good from the God and not also trouble? The voices that say Recover so you can get back to normal, grossly underestimate the gift of this wrecked life. Why is it a gift? Because I would have no compelling reason to step from my comfortable existence into the quest for what’s next if my present security wasn’t taken from me. It is rare for a man to plan his own journey toward growth and change. Usually these journeys are thrust on us unexpectedly… If my ego tried to plan this journey, it would be limited by the expectations of what I would already hope to find. There would be no element of surprise, wonder, or faith--just a forced march towards a future my present self assumes is what I need. THat would not be a journey of faith but of control--and a fool’s errand. Faith is the conviction to trust that there are good things out beyond what I can see and would never know to pursue--glorious things God himself will bring to pass. I need those glorious things.
Debasish Mridha|If you want to fill your life with abundance, never forget to give away something with love.
Debasish Mridha|A true spiritual teacher will never guide you through the door, only to the door.
Bryn  Hammond, Amgalant One: The Old Ideal|People, and boys the worst, are so much more intelligent than what comes out of their mouths.
E. Nesbit, The Enchanted Castle|I don't understand," says Gerald, alone in his third- class carriage, "how railway trains and magic can go on at the same time."And yet they do.
Kamand Kojouri|No one has any right to tell you that the way you perceive yourself is wrong. Because by doing so, they also discourage the person you aspire to be.
Meg Wolitzer, The Ten-Year Nap|You stayed around your children as long as you could, inhaling the ambient gold shavings of their childhood, and at the last minute you tried to see them off into life and hoped that the little piece of time you’d given them was enough to prevent them from one day feeling lonely and afraid and hopeless. You wouldn’t know the outcome for a long time.
Aimee Bender, The Girl in the Flammable Skirt|I asked them: Does it hurt? And the scar people nodded, yes. But it felt somehow wonderful, they said. For one long second, it felt like the world was holding them close.
Claire Robertson, The Spiral House|When we need reasons to do something, we pretend to have it.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we study the Holy Scripture, the spirit shall minister to us the depths of truth of GOD.
Oliver Markus, Why Men And Women Can't Be Friends|We’re living in topsy-turvy times, and I think that what causes the topsy-turvy feeling is inadequacy of old forms of thought to deal with new experiences. I’ve heard it said that the only real learning results from hang-ups, where instead of expanding the branches of what you already know, you have to stop and drift laterally for a while until you come across something that allows you to expand the roots of what you already know. Everyone’s familiar with that. I think the same thing occurs with whole civilizations when expansion’s needed at the roots.
GE Paulus|In the end, we must remember that no one can become what they need to be by remaining where the are. Until there is motion nothing can change.
Debasish Mridha|Open your wings, fly toward the sky To live in your dream, even if it is high
Torsten Wiesel|To see persons looking with children's eyes at any ordinary scenery, is a proof that they possess the charming faculty of drawing new sensations from an old experience...
Alena Graedon, The Word Exchange|A good story or a book is all about it's power to hold it's readers still till the very last word of it's climax - complexity in language, dialogues, descriptions, everything else is secondary!
Don DeLillo, Underworld|My son used to believe that he could look at a plane in flight and make it explode in midair by simply thinking it. He believed, at thirteen, that the border between himself and the world was thin and porous enough to allow him to affect the course of events. An aircraft in flight was a provocation too strong to ignore. He’d watch a plane gaining altitude after taking off from Sky Harbor and he’d sense an element of catastrophe tacit in the very fact of a flying object filled with people. He was sensitive to the most incidental stimulus and he thought he could feel the object itself yearning to burst. All he had to do was wish the fiery image into his mind and the plane would ignite and shatter. His sister used to tell him, Go ahead, blow it up, let me see you take that plane out of the sky with all two hundred people aboard, and it scared him to hear someone talk this way and it scared her too because she wasn’t completely convinced he could not do it. It’s the special skill of an adolescent to imagine the end of the world as an adjunct to his own discontent. But Jeff got older and lost interest and conviction. He lost the paradoxical gift for being separate and alone and yet intimately connected, mind-wired to distant things.
Seamus Heaney|I'm a huge reggae fan. I want to go to Jamaica and make, like, Bob Marley 'One Love' positive songs. That's what the world needs.
Erin Merryn, Living for Today: From Incest and Molestation to Fearlessness and Forgiveness|When I felt as though I had reached land, it was like I was on a deserted sandy beach, feeling isolated and afraid to share with anyone the memories that haunted me.
Kelly Batten, One Day You'll Find Me|The weather was clear and still, and the countless stars opened above them, seeming like brilliant cold fruits that Maerad could simply pick out of the sky.
Glenn Beck|Occasionally, she wondered if all couples struggled so much to understand one another, spoke so little at dinner together, spent so much time camped out in front of the TV. Did all women sometimes feel distanced from their man while they were making love?
Meg Medina|You never forget the books you loved as a kid. You never forget the poems you memorized, the first book you read until the cover fell off, the book you read hidden from your mother. What an honor to hold hands with a child's imagination in this way.
Steve Jobs|Your best ideas, those eureka moments that turn the world upside down, seldom come when you're juggling emails, rushing to meet the 5 P.M. deadline or straining to make your voice heard in a high-stress meeting. They come when you're walking the dog, soaking in the bath or swinging in a hammock.
Jen Kirkman, I Can Barely Take Care of Myself: Tales From a Happy Life Without Kids|We got there without being spotted. I pulled her in, then shut the door, pressing my back to it and exhaling like an epileptic pilot who'd just landed a cargo plane full of dynamite.
Julie   Johnson, The Monday Girl|I pour another drink and wash the taste of dashed dreams from the back of my tongue. I feel half-dead, but my broken heart somehow still beats. What a stubborn, senseless organ, to keep going when all hope and happiness are lost.
Keri Hulme|The smarter you are, the more you know, the less reason you have to trust or love or confide.
John Winthrop|We must delight in each other, make others conditions our own, rejoice together, mourn together, labor and suffer together, always having before our eyes our commission and community in the work, our community as members of the same body.
Mehmet Murat ildan|At the end of all spiritual paths, there lies only a cold graveyard; the path of science is the only path that may give you something better than this!
Dean Ornish|Whether you're six or sixty, if you go on a diet and lifestyle program and feel constrained, you're likely to go off it sooner or later. Offering a spectrum of choices is much more effective; then, you feel free and empowered.
Stephen Curry|For me to be with someone, he's got to be fit. Or at least doing something he loves. Following your passion - whether it's hiking or sports or whatever - is super sexy.
Gautama Buddha, The Middle Length Discourses of the Buddha: A Translation of the Majjhima Nikaya|Meditate, Ānanda, do not delay, or else you will regret it later. This is our instruction to you.
Tomasz Chrusciel, Illusive Intrusion|It wasn’t him speaking. It was panic, anger, fear, and confusion. But how could he show it on the outside? Men are supposed to be fearless.
Criss Jami, Healology|Astray from a deep sleep chronic as I write by phonics, like insomnia I will always live the onyx night for revealing, and, upon it, still I'll steal the bright light of day right away just to keep building at speeds hypersonic.
Mensah Oteh|In the wrong environment your weakness is evident, but in the right environment, you function from a place of strength.
John Malkovich|If you don't interfere with me, I'll always do something really good.
James C. Dobson|Great love, great life.
Mary Balogh, The Devil's Web|Occasionally we all do wrong things from right motives. Only time can prove us right or wrong. The past is the past. Nothing can change it now, and who is to say that it was all wrong, anyway?
Deyth Banger|If knew more about Alzheimer's and the Brain, your mind will be blow and most cases you will confused...
John Guinan, The Supernatural Omnibus: Being a Collection of Stories of Apparitions, Witchcraft, Werewolves, Diabolism, Necromancy, Satanism, Divination, Sorcery, Goetry, Voodoo, Possession, Occult, Doom and Destiny|every man has his own story, his own agony("The Watcher O' The Dead")
Simon Schama|So this is the space during tutoring hours. It's very busy. Same principles: one-on-one attention, complete devotion to the students' work and a boundless optimism and sort of a possibility of creativity and ideas.
Emma Shane, The Taste of Lavender|It is immensely gratifying to hear from fans from around the world where being a gay or lesbian teen, having feelings for someone of your own gender is simply not acceptable. We noticed that our show fills a huge void for large audiences in many different countries. That’s why our choice of format for the show, the web series, is such a fortunate one as it allows viewers in those countries to feel acknowledged. While the series is not exclusively dealing with gay and lesbian issues, the fact that we don’t sanitize it gives us truly global appeal, especially with the gay and lesbian community. In fact, demand is such that we are subtitling the show in French and perhaps other languages to even better reach those audiences.
Jules Renard|the important people in our lives leave imprints. they may die or go in the physical realm, but they are always there in your heart, because they helped form your heart
Sloane Crosley, I Was Told There'd Be Cake|The children were overwhelmingly morbid. Not a single adult asked me where butterflies go when they die, but this question was more popular than pixie sticks with the under-four-foot set. I cursed parents for not preparing their children. When I was five, my mother and sister sat me up on the kitchen counter and explained the facts of life: the Easter Bunny didn't exist, Elijah was God's invisible friend, with any luck Nana would die soon, and if I ever saw a unicorn, I should kill it or catch it for cash. I turned out okay.
Edward Fahey, The Gardens of Ailana|Ancient philosophers and spiritual teachers were explorers. They wanted us to be as well. They thought we should understand this physical world, but not get stuck here. For thousands of years we have shared their insights, over-analyzed and repeated their words; quoting and re-translating until all meaning has been lost. These great minds, great souls, great beings sought to be jumping off points, not merely the originators of emptied out and desiccated clichés. They wanted to be doorways, not doorstops.
Søren Kierkegaard, Fear and Trembling|The study of theology, as it stands in Christian churches, is the study of nothing; it is founded on nothing; it rests on no principles; it proceeds by no authorities; it has no data; it can demonstrate nothing; and it admits of no conclusion. Not anything can be studied as a science, without our being in possession of the principles upon which it is founded; and as this is the case with Christian theology, it is therefore the study of nothing.
Roman Payne, Rooftop Soliloquy|It was a time I slept in many rooms, called myself by many names. I wandered through the quarters of the city like alluvium wanders the river banks. I knew every kind of joy, ascents of every hue. Mine was the twilight and the morning. Mine was a world of rooftops and love songs.
Dee Williams|I had no idea that "letting go" would be so complicated; that it would sometimes feel liberating and other times more sorrowful and lonely. In the long run, most of it was like standing on the shore, watching your family set sail for America, and they're smiling and waving good-bye, and getting smaller and smaller, but you are still the same size with no one to talk to.
Amy Holder, The Lipstick Laws|Nancy Herman, my new gym partner and locker neighbor, puts her hand on my shoulder and whispers, "Don't worry April. I have foot fungus too.
Christopher Hitchens|We have been educated into believing someone else's concept of the deity, and someone else's standard of beauty. You have the right to practice any religion and politics in a way that best suits your freedom, your dignity, and your understanding. And once you do that, you don't apologize.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|I admire all my three sons-in-law highly. Wickham, perhaps is my favourite; but I think I shall like your husband quite as well as Jane's.
Heather Cardin|I do not pray for anything. I am not nearly strong enough to do that. I pray for strength, patience, understanding, the ability to love God, detachment from the physical world and other qualities. I will pray for the healing or benefit of other people. However I have noticed that some healing prayers have lines like 'Thou, verily, art the All-Bountiful, the All-Knowing, the All-Wise.' So it seems to me we are not praying for healing, we are praying for the correct outcome.
Edward R. Murrow|I have a great love and respect for religion, great love and respect for atheism. What I hate is agnosticism, people who do not choose.
Markus Zusak, Fighting Ruben Wolfe|My father's a large man, very strong, but he says fighting is for people who can't win with their brains. He also says there are times when you've got no choice but to defend yourself from common morons.
Cynthia Hand, My Lady Jane|You lay claim to your stories; you honor, with your hard work and the best of your talent, their inspirations, and you fight to tell them well from a sense of indebtedness and thankfulness. The ambiguities, the contradictions, the complexities of your choices are always with you in your writing as they are in your life. You learn to live with them. You trust your need to have a dialogue about what you deem important.
Henry Cabot Lodge|Britain, which in the years immediately before this war was rapidly losing such democratic virtues as it possessed, is now being bombed and burned into democracy.
Peter S. Beagle, The Folk of the Air|My mother agreed to aid my abuse of alcohol but only if I promised never to tell my newly converted Mormon sister, whose identity I had stolen.
Gift Gugu Mona|The best investment to make an impact on others, because even when you're dead money alone will not bury you.
Lauren F. Winner, Girl Meets God|To do for yourself the best that you have it in you to do—to grit your teeth and clench your fists in order to survive the world at its harshest and worst—is, by that very act, to be unable to let something be done for you and in you that is more wonderful still. The trouble with steeling yourself against the harshness of reality is that the same steel that secures your life against being destroyed secures your life also against being opened up and transformed
Karon Waddell|Satisfaction is ending each day knowing you were kind, honest and treated people well.
Tory Lanez|I've learned that while I'd be a fool not to stay open to the advice and experiences of the smart, amazing people in my life, I also need to listen to what I have to say.
Hermann Hesse, Narcissus and Goldmund|O how incomprehensible everything was, and actually sad, although it was also beautiful. One knew nothing. One lived and ran about the earth and rode through forests, and certain things looked so challenging and promising and nostalgic: a star in the evening, a blue harebell, a reed-green pond, the eye of a person or a cow. And sometimes it seemed that something never seen yet long desired was about to happen, that a veil would drop from it all, but then it passed, nothing happened, the riddle remained unsolved, the secret spell unbroken, and in the end one grew old and looked cunning . . . or wise . . . and still one knew nothing perhaps, was still waiting and listening.
Russell Wilson|There is no such thing in the world as luck. There never was a man who could go out in the morning and find a purse full of gold in the street to-day, and another to-morrow, and so on, day after day: He may do so once in his life; but so far as mere luck is concerned, he is as liable to lose it as to find it.
Alain Badiou, In Praise of Love|Doctors know nothing. Well. That's kind of unfair. Let's just say the world is unpredictable. Science is unreliable. It can't tell you who you are or what you'll want or how you'll feel. All these researchers are going crazy in their labs, trying to fit us into these little boxes so they can justify their jobs, or their government funding, or their life's work. They can theorize and they can give you a mean, median and mode but it's all standardized guesswork, made official by arrogance. You have to be pretty into yourself to think you can play a part in defining the identity of a bunch of people you don't know, of human beings with complicated shit going on in their bodies. They still don't know what certain parts of our brains do, they still don't know how to cure a common cold, and they say they know about sexuality, about gender. Well, you're not a man because you like football and you're not a woman because you're attracted to men and you're not a chick because you like to be the one who gives and you're not a dude because you like to receive or because sometimes you cry at dumb movies.
Jodi Picoult, Sing You Home|Of course there’s another choice, he thought. There is always another choice. I’m just not going to take it.
Eileen Anglin|Heal yourself, heal the world. To change our world, we must heal and open our hearts.
Elaine Chao|Our ascendancy of the past two centuries - first Europe and then the U.S. - has bred a western-centric mentality: the West is the fount of all wisdom. We think of ourselves as open-minded, but our sense of superiority has closed our minds. We never entertained the idea that China could surpass the U.S.
Andrew Ross Sorkin|Legal documents have mistrust written all over them. It's unfortunate, but the human DNA is so tuned to kind of taking you for granted that we tend to protect ourselves legally. That's why I don't read them as, if I read them, I will go soft. To me, the human relationship is far more important than the professional bond I share with anyone.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|With all eagerness, pursues your sacred dreams.
Charles Simic, The Monster Loves His Labyrinth|Like many others, I grew up in an age that preached liberty and built slave camps.
Donald Johanson|Harper Lee and Truman Capote became friends as next-door neighbors in the late 1920s, when they were about kindergarten age. From the start, they recognized in each other "an apartness," as Capote later expressed it; and both loved reading. When Lee's father gave them an old Underwood typewriter, they began writing original stories together.
Laura  Oliva, A World Apart|Do you know how big snakes get? Or how many grains of sand are in the deserts? Or what lurks at the bottoms of the oceans' floors?"..."No.""Welt, if you can't answer those simple scientific queries, then what makes you think that mankind is smart enough to discover vampirekind's existence?
J.L.  Thomas, Shiver|I see you in every flower in the park, every color in a rainbow and in every scent that reminds me of the things I love. Without knowing how, or even why it happened, I can’t imagine a world where you don’t exist.
Isiah from the bible|This book is full of empty love quotes. If you are looking for the meaning of life and love, then this book is for you. You won’t find the answers here, of course, but you’ll be more encouraged than ever to keep on looking. Or maybe you’ll be discouraged. Either way, I’ll have your money, and you’ll have no answers. Sounds like a fair deal to me.  
Martina Navratilova|I'm a soccer mom. I'm T-ball, soccer, karate, homework, keeping them on their schedules. I love being the snack mom, when I get to bring the cut oranges. I have one of those coolers with wheels. I'm at every game, every practice, sitting on my blanket. I love it.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|The journey of life demands diligence; walk in diligence in your entire life endeavors, and don’t let your energy just go anywhere at all. Price yourself well! Price your energy well! Price your attention well! Price your time well! Prioritize your moments well! Be humble enough to understand the meaning of life and don't let excessive pride be your lens. Be assertive enough to know what to kowtow to and what never to give your time, attention, energy and emotions to. You were born great; be great!
Criss Jami, Killosophy|If you have to shout to prove your point, you're probably wrong.
L.H.|Insurances are like very expensive flat rates, except that you have to live by their rules in hope to get back a small share of your money.
Marya Hornbacher, Waiting: A Nonbeliever's Higher Power|If every Genius has a touch of Madness, does every Normal person have a touch of Ignorance ?
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|Come see the cherry trees of a water constellationand the round key of the rapid universe,come touch the fire of instantaneous blue,come before its petals are consumed.
Georges Bernanos, The Diary of a Country Priest|Lust is a mysterious wound in the side of humanity; or rather, at the very source of its life! To confound this lust in man with that desire which unites the sexes is like confusing a tumor with the very organ which it devours, a tumor whose very deformity horribly reproduces the shape.
Mark Matousek, When You're Falling, Dive: Lessons in the Art of Living|Reinvention is my philosophy, if you want to call it that,” he says, looking out the window. “Imagination is the key to creating a life that is ever new.” Stanley turns his eyes to me. “We are each of us a changeling person,” he says. “We are not going to be the same decade after decade. Wisdom results from confronting not only one’s desires and capacities but also one’s limitations.” “The Layers,” one of Stanley’s best-loved poems, is his crystallization of this wisdom. I have walked through many lives, some of them my own, and I am not who I was, though some principle of being abides from which I struggle not to stray. When I look behind, as I am compelled to look before I can gather strength to proceed on my journey, I see the milestones dwindling toward the horizon and the slow fires trailing from the abandoned camp-sites, over which scavenger angels wheel on heavy wings. Oh, I have made myself a tribe out of my true affections, and my tribe is scattered! How shall the heart be reconciled to its feast of losses? In a rising wind the manic dust of my friends, those who fell along the way, bitterly stings my face. Yet I turn, I turn, exulting somewhat, with my will intact to go wherever I need to go, and every stone on the road is precious to me. In my darkest night, when the moon was covered and I roamed through wreckage, a nimbus-clouded voice directed me: “Live in the layers, not on the litter.” Though I lack the art to decipher it, no doubt the next chapter in my book of transformations is already written. I am not done with my changes.
Chuck Palahniuk, Invisible Monsters|He walked through the woods like a young Adam, naming creation. I learned to shape my mouth to the words—sasumuneash for cranberry, tunockuquas for frog. So many things grew and lived here that were strange to us, because they had not been in England. We named the things of this place in reference to things that were not of this place—cat briar for the thickets of vine whose thorns were narrow and claw-like; lambskill for the low-growing laurel that had proved poisonous to some of our hard-got tegs. But there had been no cats or lambs here until we brought them. So when he named a plant or a creature, I felt that I heard the true name of the thing for the first time.
Namsoon Kang, Cosmopolitan Theology: Reconstituting Planetary Hospitality, Neighbor-Love, and Solidarity in an Uneven World|Religion is about hospitality and responsibility, and about neighbor/enemy-love-as-self-love in a Christian term that requires one to turn a new _gaze_ onto others––what I call a _cosmopolitan gaze_.
Sunday Adelaja|Because of fear, people who have civil rights can’t use them
Octavio Paz, The Labyrinth of Solitude and Other Writings|I am much too alone in this world, yet not alone enough.
Erich Fromm|Jesus and Satan appear here as repre sentatives of two opposite principles. Satan is the representative of material consumption and of power over nature and Man. Jesus is the representative of being, and of the idea that not-having is the premise for being. The world has followed Satan's principles, since the time of the gospels.
Douglas Horton|Most good programmers do programming not because they expect to get paid or get adulation by the public, but because it is fun to program.
Adam Osborne|I was brought up in a car family, my dad loved cars and I was taught the art of making an Austin 7 operate.
Romaine Rolland|These stupid biases and discrimination are the reason our country is so screwed up. It's Tamil first, Indian later. Punjabi first, Indian later. It has to end. National anthem, national currency, national teams - still, we won't marry our children outside our state. How can this intolerance be good for our country?
Michael  Summers, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you last night. The best day of my life was when I taught you how to juggle, but the best day of yours was when you taught someone else.
Rachel Allord, The Ground Beneath Us|In the grand timeline of life, two years is nothing. Here she is, her dream resurrected. Alive and soon to be kicking in fact. Dead isn't always dead.
Evan Sutter, Solitude: How Doing Nothing Can Change the World|One day the Buddha was sistting with some of his monks in the woods. They had just come back from an almsround and were ready to share a mindful lunch together. A farmer passed by, looking distraught.He asked the Buddha, "Monks, have you seen some cows going by here?""What cows?" the Buddha responded."Well," the man said, "I have four cows and I don't know why, but this morning they all ran aay. I also have two acres of sesame. This year the insects ate the entire crop. I have lost everything: my harvest and my cows. I feel like killing myself." The Buddha said, "Dear friend, we have been sitting here almost an hour and we have not seen any cows passing by. Maybe you should go and lookin the other direction." When the farmer was gone, the Buddha looked at his friends and smiled knowingly. "Dear friends, you are very lucky," he said. "You don't have any cows to lose.
Gary   Hopkins|The abode of the spirits are astral world and earth land counterparts. In the path of evolution, the soul is futile. You need a body to unfold consciousness.
Benjamin Franklin|Valor is stability, not of legs and arms, but of courage and the soul.
Vironika Tugaleva|Don't let your fear of criticism suffocate your leadership potential. Once you begin to speak your truth, you will discover the people who have been waiting for someone exactly like you. Until you speak up, all you need is the faith that they exist. And I promise you: they do.
Penn Jillette, God, No! Signs You May Already Be an Atheist and Other Magical Tales|But [he] had lost god, and all his family and friends were staying behind with his imaginary friend. A silly dream goes away and takes with it your whole real life.
Atal Bihari Vajpayee|If anyone offers conjectures about the truth of things from the mere possibility of hypotheses, I do not see by what stipulation anything certain can be determined in any science, since one or another set of hypotheses may always be devised which will appear to supply new difficulties.
Paulo Coelho, The Winner Stands Alone|No evil ever came from a woman’s womb that wasn’t placed there first by a man.’... Tantie Neptune, Lucifer's Key by Charles A. Cornell, due 2013
Emily Gabriela Vira|He said, it's rather like your voice. You put up with your voice and speak with it because you haven't any choice. But it's what you say that counts. It's what distinguishes all great art from the other kind.
Christy Leigh Stewart, Loath Letters|This semester has born in me the flame of hope to one day become a leader in the modern feminist movement. I can and will be the force that blows new life into it, giving a face and name to associate with instead of those women now who’s names I don’t know because they weren’t listed on Wikipedia.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Go! Yes, You! Go! I will not force you to like me; I will not force you to love me. Unconditional love has a condition inside it but there is no you in me. If I know my real me, then I know your real you. I know your value in me and I also know my value in you. If your value is not in me and my value is not in you, then I will not force you to like me; I will not force you to love me, so go!
Kenneth H. Cooper|You can't be fat and fast, too; so lift, run, diet and work.
Elizabeth  Smart, My Story|He was "more passionate than most intelligent men, and more intelligent and reasoned than most passionate men.
Brandon Sanderson, The Well of Ascension|If you perpetuate the dreams of the past, you stifle your own dreams of the future.
Dawn Metcalf, Invisible|Never let me lose you, Ink. Never let me screw this up. And never think for one moment that I don't love you, need you or want you with me.
Nick Webb, Wish You Were Here: The Official Biography of Douglas Adams|these groups followed some solitary passer-by, hurrying his steps; one after another the doors were closed, one after
François-René de Chateaubriand|A master in the art of living draws no sharp distinction between her work and her play; her labor and her leisure; her mind and her body; her education and her recreation. She hardly knows which is which. She simply pursues her vision of excellence through whatever she is doing, and leaves others to determine if she is working or playing. To herself, she always appears to be doing both.
Rudolf Steiner|Life is divided into three terms - that which was, which is, and which will be. Let us learn from the past to profit by the present, and from the present, to live better in the future.
David Wroblewski, The Story of Edgar Sawtelle|I do believe in fate, Anne-not the blind fate that gives one no freedom of choice, but a fate that sets down a pattern for each of our lives and gives us choices, numerous choices, by which to find that pattern and be happy.
Eleanor Catton, The Rehearsal|You make it sound so terrible. There’s nothing wrong with crying. Tears are healing. They help you drain out the sorrow and anguish, so you can start filling yourself with more positive emotions, when you’re ready.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|If you can establish yourself in the community as a giver, those people with whom you associate yourself will extend your branding far beyond you.
David Byrne, How Music Works|As a Buddhist, I see no distinction between religious practice and daily life. Religious practice is a twenty-four hour occupation.
Robert Adamson, The Golden Bird: New and selected poems|He’s always been attracted to broken things. He was the kind of boy who talked the bad girls through their problems, who defended them and didn’t take advantage. He was sensitive to his stuffed animals’ feelings, rotating their position on his bed so that a new plush animal would occupy pride of place at his pillowside every night. Soon I became first and foremost on that pillow; princess of the island of misfit toys.
Ethan Russell Erway, Aesop Revisited: Book 1|Use more caution the next time you make a reading selection. Books, you know, are a lot like people, and each and every one of us is ultimately judged by the company we keep
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slapstick, or Lonesome No More!|Since Alice had never received any religious instruction, and since she had led a blameless life, she never thought of her awful luck as being anything but accidents in a very busy place. Good for her.
Amit Ray, Yoga The Science of Well-Being|What the fissure through which one sees disaster? The circle is unbroken; the harmony complete. Here is the central rhythm; here the common mainspring. I watch it expand, contract; and then expand again. Yet I am not included.
Michael Crichton|I believe my life has a value, and i don't want to waste it thinking about clothing.I don't want to think about what i will wear in the morning. Truly, can you imagine anything more boring than fashion?
Matt Cohen|I've been dating younger men since my 20s, When I was 29, I dated someone 21... younger men are just more fun. I like their energy. I've always been kind of young for my age.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America Volume 2|When occasions present themselves in which the interests of the people are at variance with their inclinations, it is the duty of the persons whom they have appointed to be the guardians of those interests to withstand the temporary delusion in order to give them time and opportunity for more cool and sedate reflection. Instances might be cited in which a conduct of this kind has saved the people from very fatal consequences of their own mistakes, and has procured lasting monuments of their gratitude to the men who had courage and magnanimity enough to serve them at the peril of their displeasure.
J.D. Salinger, Nine Stories|Look at 'em,' he said. 'Goddam fools.' 'Who?' said Ginnie. 'I don't know. Anybody.
Herbert Spencer|The greatest blessing of our democracy is freedom. But in the last analysis, our only freedom is the freedom to discipline ourselves.
Sam Harris, Lying|A lie to get out of something, or take an advantage for oneself, that’s one thing; but a lie to make life more interesting—well, that’s entirely different.
John Chaffee, The Thinker's Way|How many geniuses are we putting to sleep today and where would our world be now, if the age of pill popping, mind numbing control existed during the times of Da Vinci, Shakespeare, or Einstein?
Joe Hill|The sleepless hum of the city was abidingly in his ears, and the lamps that dotted the misty pavements stared at him blinkingly all along the route. The tall black buildings rose up grimly into the night; the faces that flitted to and fro along the pavements, kept ever sliding past him, melting into the darkness; and the cabs and 'buses, still astir in the streets, had a ghostly air as they vanished in the gloom.("An Unexpected Journey")
Virchand Gandhi|The universe is not for man alone, but is a theater of evolution for all living beings. Live and let live is its guiding principle. 'Ahimsa Paramo Dharmah' - Non-injury is the highest religion.
Bamigboye Olurotimi|If your financial life is not in order, every other area of your life will be in disorder.
Avijeet Das|What we are, we see the reflection in others.
Ayn Rand|Whatever you are studying right now, if you are not getting up to speed on deep learning, neural networks, etc., you lose. We are going through the process where software will automate software, automation will automate automation.
Amy Bloom, Away|It is my belief that love dies from overuse, and the heart dies from a lack of interest in life without it.
Leonard Sweet, Viral: How Social Networking Is Poised to Ignite Revival|Twitter," said Manny, waving his hand. "You know what that is? Termites with microphones.
Henry Ward Beecher|The waltz can be sad and at the same time uplifting. You have to see life from both sides, and the waltz encapsulates that. If you're in my audience you give yourself to me and the waltz will grab you.
Joel Fuhrman|It's not beyond the possibility that there still could be a YES in 200 years' time... of course with different members, unless the medical profession comes up with something extraordinary.
Tan Redding, A Banquet Of Crumbs|After two decades there she was, in front of him, almost within touching distance, not faded like in his dreams, but bright and clear and vividly real, looking comfortably, almost defiantly, the same as she always had and then everything she had never been.
Erica Lindquist, Whisperworld|As the first hard drops of rain fell, the Witch caught sight, not of the girl's face, but of the shoes. Her sister's shoes. They sparkled even in the darkening afternoon. They sparkled like yellow diamonds, and embers of blood, and thorny stars.
George Bernard Shaw|If you want to tell people the truth, make them laugh, otherwise they'll kill you.
Sunday Adelaja|The most important thing you need to do to accomplish your purpose is to stop, get comfortable, sit down and find time for thinking
Seneca|Do you believe that you will die? Yes, man is mortal, I am a man, ergo... No, that isn't what I mean. I know that you know that. What I'm asking is: Have you ever actually believed it, believe it completely, believe not with your mind but with your body, actually felt that one day the fingers now holding this very piece of paper will be yellow and icy...?
Ufuoma Apoki|We'd rather have a grand spectacle of retribution of the 'wicked', than their silent walk towards redemption that our wishes questions the depth and nature of our love and hearts.
Himmilicious|I know it's difficult in the beginning. But, listen. If you have the impulse to write, do yourself a favor, do the world a favor, and write.
Anthony Bourdain|If we do not permit the earth to produce beauty and joy, it will in the end not produce food, either.
Frank Herbert, Dune|My father once told me that respect for truth comes close to being the basis for all morality. 'Something cannot emerge from nothing,' he said. This is profound thinking if you understand how unstable 'the truth' can be.
Rudolf Steiner|When we project the specific organization of the human body into the space outside it, then we have architecture.
Rudolfo Anaya, Bless Me, Ultima|I had been afraid of the awful presence of the river, which was the soul of the river, but through her [Ultima] I learned that my spirit shared in the spirit of all things.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Great places, great memories.
C.B. Cook, Twinepathy|I'm your friend, and friends don't let friends die.
Vironika Tugaleva|No one sees your strength, do they? No one sees the silent battle you fight against your overprotective mind that’s trying to keep you safe from harm by keeping you safe from risk, safe from connection, safe from honesty. Maybe others don’t see, but you see it sometimes, don’t you? In the mirror, in those eyes, begging for someone to notice. You have noticed. It is real. You are strong. You are fighting for something incredible. Don’t let anyone convince you otherwise—especially not your thoughts.
Helen Hunt Jackson|I love playing 'Madame Vastra.' Although I do suffer, spending three-and-a-half hours in make-up every morning to have her lizard skin put on. I was so excited the first day when we did the make-up test, but after six hours, I was like, 'Can we finish now?'
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you can’t control it, you will be the toy of your own mind!
Gift Gugu Mona|God has been FAITHFUL to me, that why I have FAITH in Him.
Christina Engela, Innocent Minds|When God says He got you, you're got. And you can't be un-got.
Qiu Xiaolong, Death of a Red Heroine|Sometimes, I think our lifestyle has become the victim of a “World of Kinkcraft” gamer mentality, where people just want to download a cheat sheet or a step-by-step walk-through. Many newcomers yearn to "learn the rules" of the lifestyle as quickly as possible, so they can get right to "winning the game." These are relationships, people. Real BDSM relationships, involving real people with real feelings, living really complicated lives. If this was easy, everyone would be doing it. Stop looking for shortcuts and easy answers.
Michelle Templet|Those who, while they disapprove of the character and measures of a government, yield to it their allegiance and support are undoubtedly its most conscientious supporters, and so frequently the most serious obstacles to reform.
Matthew Donnelly|I do not know how to thank you.''I can tell you,' said Obierika. 'Kill one of your sons for me.''That will not be enough,' said Okonkwo.'Then kill yourself,' said Obierika.
Michael Molinos, The Spiritual Guide|Right! Let's get on with it! All right... you... Will... have trained as apprentice to Ranger Halt of Redmont Fief these last five twelvemonths and blah blah blah and so on and so on. You've shown the necessary level of proficiency in the use of the weapons a Ranger uses- the longbow, the saxe knife, the throwing knife."He paused and glanced up Halt. "He has shown the proficiency, hasn't he? Of course he has," he went on, before Halt could answer. "Furthermore, you are a trusted officer in the service of the King and so on and so on and hi diddle diddle dee dee..." He glanced up again. "These forms really do carry on a bit, don't they? But I have to make a pretense of reading them. And so forth and so on and such like." He paused, nodded several times, then continued."So basically..." He flicked a few more pages, found the one he was after and then continued, "You are in all ways ready to assume the position and authority of a fully operational Ranger in the Kingdom of Araluen. Correct?"He glanced up again, his eyebrows raised. Will realized he was waiting for an answer."Correct," he said hastily, then in case that wasn't enough, he added, "Yes. I mean... I do... I am. Yes.""Well, good for you.
Terry Pratchett, Raising Steam|To all you sensitive sallys out there who spend your time scribing angry letters, I have great news: Scientific models show that in the not-too-distant future, all the races will become so completely interbred that humanity will have a monolithic caramelish color and common facial features. There won't be blonds or hairy Jews anymore.Words like "Chink" will cease to have meaning. They will be relics, along with those who use them for comedy. Which is exactly why I am past that meta-racist shit and onto poop and pee. Onward and downward!
Stuart Miller|To realize the importance the imagination could have in friendship, to understand its immense power for bringing us together in a way.
Minae Mizumura, The Fall of Language in the Age of English|In a totally dysfunctional society, the profession of a writer would not exist.
Mark Twain, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn|As the savage progresses, he acquires experience and formulates codes of 'right' and 'wrong' from his memories of those courses which have helped or hurt him... Then out of the principle of barter comes the illusion of 'justice' ...
Francois de La Rochefoucauld|No, there's nothing half so sweet in life as love's young dream.
Monica Bellucci|My office is at Yankee stadium. Yes, dreams do come true.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|I belong to the people I love, and they belong to me--they, and the love and loyaty I give them, form my identity far more than any word or group ever could.
Stephen King|If you fell outward to the limit of the universe, would you find a board fence and signs reading DEAD END? No. You might find something hard and rounded, as the chick must see the egg from the inside. And if you should peck through that shell (or find a door), what great and torrential light might shine through your opening at the end of space? Might you look through and discover our entire universe is but part of one atom on a blade of grass? Might you be forced to think that by burning a twig you incinerate an eternity of eternities? That existence rises not to one infinite but to an infinity of them?
Patty Loveless|I think, if I had a dad, I would have went the normal college route. I'm so stoked my life panned out how it was.
Stephen King|Any good marriage is secret territory, a necessary white space on society’s map. What others don’t know about it is what makes it yours.
Jeff Lindsay, Dexter in the Dark|God is calling us to live for the sake of Christ and to do that through suffering. Christ chose suffering; it didn’t just happen to Him. He chose it as the way to create and perfect the church. Now He calls us to choose suffering. That is, He calls us to take up our cross and follow Him on the Calvary road and deny ourselves and make sacrifices for the sake of ministering to the church and presenting His sufferings to the world.
Kid Cudi|My experiences in life are getting bigger and better. The more stuff I do, the more stuff I talk about - having kids, traveling, going through relationship problems, dealing with things in my own family. All that stuff builds character.
Lisa St. Aubin de Terán, The Palace the Palace|My head was a desolate place and as barren as the bare hills of Le Marche. Until I began to build in it, only vultures nested there.
E.B. White, One Man's Meat|There is nothing harder to estimate than a writer's time, nothing harder to keep track of. There are moments—moments of sustained creation—when his time is fairly valuable; and there are hours and hours when a writer's time isn't worth the paper he is not writing anything on.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|It is rude to tweet while having sex. However, it is not rude to have sex while tweeting.
Catherine Sanderson, Petite Anglaise|Your everyday supermarket now carries roughly 40,000 items - twice as many as a decade ago. There are so many products, so many brands and sub-species of those brands, that no consumer is safe from the bombardment of choice overload.A huge variety of product offering doesn't aid consumers. It is insanity. From the vast array of athletic shoes to bagels to portable CD players to bottled water, there quickly becomes a point at which mega-choices, like mega-information, do not serve the consumer; they abuse him.
Thomas Ligotti|He never thought he was right. The horror of all that had died under his will had become mundane to him. You see, the first horror is the horror itself. The real horror for him was accepting it as necessary.
Melissa Lurquette, A Beautiful Bounty|We’ve resorted to formalities suddenly? Am I to assume we haven’t been intimate enough for you to call me by my first name?” Despite his casual tone, his eyes suggested so much more. “Perhaps I should rectify that.
Jessica Fortunato, The Sin Collector: Thomas|I enabled your tendency to be vulnerable and weak, and your habits of crying when 6,000 others were present for the music.
Jeanine Basinger, I Do and I Don't: A History of Marriage in the Movies|Another superb movie about a mature marriage grounded in a fundamental lack of communication is Dodsworth, based on the Sinclair Lewis novel.
Lewis B. Smedes|As we hone the ability to let go of distraction, to begin again without rancor or judgment, we are deepening forgiveness and compassion for ourselves. And in life, we find we might make a mistake, and more easily begin again, or stray from our chosen course and begin again.
Michael Schudson, Discovering The News: A Social History Of American Newspapers|Beside him Mr. Harris folded his morning newspaper and held it out to Claude."Seen this yet?""No.""Don't read it," Mr. Harris said, folding the paper once more and sliding it under his rear. "It will only upset you, son.""It's a wicked paper... " Claude agreed, but Mr. Harris was overspeaking him."It's the big black words that do it. The little grey ones don't matter very much, they're just fill-ins they take everyday from the wires. They concentrate their poison in the big black words, where it will radiate.Of course if you read the little stories too you've got sure proof that every word they wrote above, themselves, was a fat black lie, but by then you've absorbed a thousand greyer ones, and where and how to check on those? This way the mind deteriorates. The best way you can save yourself is not to read it, son.""No, I... ""That's right, if you're not careful," Mr. Harris went on, blue-eyed, red-faced, "you find yourself pretty soon hating everyone but God, the Babe, and a few dead senators. That's no fun. Men aren't so bad as that.""No.""That's right, you begin to worry about anyone who opens his mouth except to say ho it looks like rain, let's bowl. Otherwise you wonder what the hell he's trying to prove, or undermine. If he asks what time it is, you wonder what terrible thing is scheduled to happen, where it will happen, when. You can't even stand to be asked how you feel today - he's probably looking at the bumps on you, they may have grown more noticeable overnight. Soon you feel you should apologize for standing there where he can watch you dying in front of him, he'd rather for you to carry your head around in a little plaid bag, like your bowling ball. There's no joy in that. Men aren't so very bad."Mr. Harris paused to remove his Panama hat. Water seeped from his knobby forehead, which he mopped with a damp handkerchief. "I've offended you, son," he said."Not at all, I entirely agree with you."Mr. Harris replaced his hat, folded his handkerchief."I shouldn't shoot off this way," he said. "I read too much.""No, no. You're right... 
Antisthenes Pinto|As iron is eaten away by rust, so the envious are consumed by their own passion.
John Green, Paper Towns|Miracles happen everyday, you just need to be looking the right way.
Chester A. Arthur|A man is ethical only when life, as such, is sacred to him, that of plants and animals as that of his fellow men, and when he devotes himself helpfully to all life that is in need of help.
Mary Wollstonecraft, A Vindication of the Rights of Woman|It is time to effect a revolution in female manners - time to restore to them their lost dignity - and make them, as a part of the human species, labour by reforming themselves to reform the world. It is time to separate unchangeable morals from local manners.
Steve Jobs|Two wives despaired of him,’ he said. ‘When he got engaged to Sylvia, she made it a condition that he should take the cure at Zurich. And it worked. He came back in three months a different man. And he hasn't touched a drop since, even though Sylvia walked out on him.’ ‘Why did she do that?’Well, poor Charlie got rather a bore when he stopped drinking. But that’s not really the point of the story.
Dan Hawkins|I just think we're living in a time of massive, amazing change, like the Industrial Revolution on acid.
David Eddings, Belgarath the Sorcerer|Once you've decided that something's absolutely true, you've closed your mind on it, and a closed mind doesn't go anywhere. Question everything. That's what education's all about.
Dominic Riccitello|It was our first date and I asked what his favorite movie is. He asked if I’d judge him, but instead of judging him I just loved him.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Idiot|It is easier for a Russian to become an Atheist, than for any other nationality in the world. And not only does a Russian 'become an Atheist,' but he actually BELIEVES IN Atheism, just as though he had found a new faith, not perceiving that he has pinned his faith to a negation. Such is our anguish of thirst!
Donald Richie, The Donald Richie Reader: 50 Years of Writing on Japan|Writing isn't about making money, getting famous, or making friends. It's about doing what you love the best you know how. It's about making a heart pound in fear, shrink from rage, weep with understanding, or soar with excitement. It's about making worlds and living in them deeply enough someone else can join you there. It's about life changed to words, words changed to life, over and over and over again. It's about giving.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Deadeye Dick|I would always be lonely, but no more alone.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|Consider your actions and words. Be thoughtful when expressing your feelings or concerns. Sometimes it's not what you say, but the way you say it. That makes all the difference
Barbara Isenberg, State of the Arts: California Artists Talk about Their Work|Jane reminds us that God is in his heaven, the monarch on his throne and the pelvis firmly beneath the ribcage. Apparently rock and roll liberated the pelvis and it hasn't been the same since.
Sara Baume, A Line Made by Walking|Art, and sadness, which last forever.
Jack McDevitt, Deepsix|Tides are like politics. They come and go with a great deal of fuss and noise, but inevitably they leave the beach just as they found it. On those few occasions when major change does occur, it is rarely a good news.
George Orwell|I intend to see that justice is done by presiding, in the manner of the omnipotent Walter Mitty, as chief justice of a tribunal trying the case of those plotting further advances for the Chinese characters on an international scale. Emulating the operatic Mikado's "object all sublime... to let the punishment fit the crime," I hand down the following dread decree:Anyone who believes Chinese characters to be a superior system of writing that can function as a universal script is condemned to complete the task of rendering the whole of Lincoln's Gettysburg Address into Singlish.
Jellis Vaes|Problems, struggles, difficulties, whatever you want to call them, are normal. In fact, each and every person you see walking on the street, sitting in the metro, working out at the gym, wherever, is fighting a battle you know nothing about. Problems are the most human thing about being a human, and are one of the few things that each and every one of us has in common.
Shirley Temple|I've found that people feel very free to say insulting things, not about me personally, but about the things I believe. It's sad, because I really could care less where people are coming from, politically, religiously.
Lailah Gifty Akita|How can you find your soul, if you please every soul?
Otto Weininger|The criminal (as slave) often seeks a person of great perfection (and here, as a judge of people's imperfection, the criminal is much harsher than a good man), because he so wants to obtain trust from outside (not through an inner change of mind). If he believes he has found such a person, he gives himself up to him in the most complete slavery, and he searches in an importunate manner for people whom he could serve as a slave. He also wants to live as a slave so as never to be alone.
Steven Erikson, Fall of Light|From faith,’ replied Emral Lanear, ‘do we not seek guidance?’ ‘Guidance, or the organized assembly and reification of all the prejudices you collectively hold dear?’ ‘You would not speak to us!’ ‘I grew to fear the power of words – their power, and their powerlessness. No matter how profound or perceptive, no matter how deafening their truth, they are helpless to defend themselves. I could have given you a list. I could have stated, in the simplest terms, that this is how I want you to behave, and this must be the nature of your belief, and your service, and your sacrifice. But how long, I wonder, before that list twisted in interpretation? How long before deviation yielded condemnation, torture, death?’ She slowly leaned forward. ‘How long, before my simple rules to a proper life become a call to war? To the slaughter of unbelievers? How long, Emral Lanear, before you begin killing in my name?’ ‘Then what do you want of us?’ Lanear demanded. ‘You could have stopped thinking like children who need to be told what’s right and what’s wrong. You damned well know what’s right and what’s wrong. It’s pretty simple, really. It’s all about harm. It’s about hurting, and not just physical, either. You want a statement for your faith in me? You wish me to offer you the words you claim to need, the rules by which you are to live your lives? Very well, but I should warn you, every deity worthy of worship will offer you the same prescription. Here it is, then. Don’t hurt other people. In fact, don’t hurt anything capable of suffering. Don’t hurt the world you live in, either, or its myriad creatures. If gods and goddesses are to have any purpose at all, let us be the ones you must face for the crimes of your life. Let us be the answer to every unfeeling, callous, cruel act you committed, every hateful word you uttered, and every spiteful wound you delivered.’ ‘At last!’ cried Emral Lanear. ‘You didn’t need me for that rule.
Robin Bielman, Wild About Her Wingman|Basically, dating is like climbing a volcano and you never know when it’s going to erupt, dumping molten lava and burning you
Rob Brezsny, Pronoia is the Antidote for Paranoia: How the Whole World is Conspiring to Shower You With Blessings|But secluding my experience during that early period was both cowardly and wise. Some things are too fragile, too vulnerable to bring into the public eye. Tender things with tiny roots tend to wither in the glare of public scrutiny. By holding my awakening within, I contained the energy of it, and it fed me the way blood feeds muscle. It fed me a certain propelling energy, and I kept moving forward.
Michelle Madow, Diamonds are Forever|It takes strength to forgive and love unconditionally,a nd you have that strength, Savannah. It´s what makes you shine.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|When you are happy for other people's dreams, your dreams start jumping up with joy. Elizabeth was happy with Mary and her dream baby was jumping in her womb crazily for joy!
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|Singers, actors or artists who touch on sorrow are trying to give comfort to aggrieved souls by giving some meaning to their sorrows.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|Share your aspirations only with those who will support you, not those who will respond with doubt or lack of interest.
Kamand Kojouri|I am certain, my love, that poetry was born only after your birth.
Ezra Koenig|Starting probably with Janeane Garofalo and that era of stand-up ladies who were starting to be more brainy and strong and clever, guys started noticing those girls as sexy smart. I always called it smarxy.
Golda Poretsky|You are not broken. You are not a problem to be solved. Solving your “problem”, whatever you perceive your problem or problems to be, is not the key to happiness.
Judy Biggert|We've persevered because of a belief we share with the Iraqi people - a belief that out of the ashes of war, a new beginning could be born in this cradle of civilization. Through this remarkable chapter in the history of the United States and Iraq, we have met our responsibility. Now, it's time to turn the page.
Robin Bielman, Wild About Her Wingman|The deepest show of love is when you surrender your mind, body and soul to me to use as I please, trusting that when I take you to the brink of my self-control, I'll bring you back more whole than before.
Ally Carter, Heist Society|So far Kat has been through all the Wa's she could think of, but Hale hadn't admitted to being Walter or Ward or Washington. He'd firmly denied both Warren and Waverly. Watson had prompted him to do a very bad Sherlock Holmes impersonation throughout a good portion of a train ride to Edinburgh, Scotland. And Wayne seemed so wrong she hadn't even tried.Hale was Hale. And not knowing what the W's stood for had become a constant reminder to Kat that, in life, there are some things that can be given but never stolen.Of course, that didn't stop her from trying.
Amit   Sharma, False Ceilings|He was not a likeable figure but then when you are a part of a family, you cannot wish to see someone wither away even when you dislike him. He is a part of your blood, he and all his idiosyncrasies. There is always a tinge of warmth in the corner of your heart, reminiscent of the good times spent together. Then there are always those moments, when you wonder why everything turned out so different. When you wonder what possibly could hold people together, if not the fact that they come from the same blood? Or are we just not born to be that way? Craving to be something that we cannot be, each with our own false ceilings to hide our true selves?
Daniel Boulud|There was a Gallup poll that said something like 70 percent of people in the United States do not enjoy their job - they work to put food on the table and get insurance to survive. So, what happens when technology can do all that work for us and allow us to actually do what we enjoy with our time?
Howard Schultz, Onward: How Starbucks Fought for Its Life without Losing Its Soul|In modern societies, some members of ethnic minority groups do not want to feel compelled to heed the voices of their communities when participating as citizens.
Gwenn Wright, The BlueStocking Girl|I don’t know what else to say.""There is nothing else to say. A few minutes of words can’t change years of absurdity.
Maya Angelou|If there is any one secret of success, it lies in the ability to get the other person's point of view and see things from that person's angle as well as from your own.
Libba Bray, A Great and Terrible Beauty|May I suggest that you all read? And often. Believe me, it's nice to have something to talk about other than the weather and the Queen's health. Your mind is not a cage. It's a garden. And it requires cultivating.
Milton Friedman|Were the walls of our meat industry to become transparent, literally or even figuratively, we would not long continue to raise, kill, and eat animals the way we do.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Respect is the lifeblood of progress, and the safe harbor of humanity's great aspirations.
Jen Hatmaker, 7: An Experimental Mutiny Against Excess|After Jesus' fast, he began healing, rescuing, redeeming. The Spirit filled up the emptiness Jesus created, launching him into ministry. In some supernatural way the abstinence from food was the catalyst for Jesus' unveiling; the real fireworks were next.
Rahul Rawat|It was one of those rare smiles with a quality of eternal reassurance in it, that you may come across four or five times in life. It faced--or seemed to face--the whole external world for an instant, and then concentrated on you with an irresistible prejudice in your favor.
Toni Sorenson|What is a strong woman? One whose very embrace can weaken the knees and soften the heart of the one she embraces, not by force, but by love which is the strongest force of all.
Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago|Even if the powers destroy us," he said, "who are we, to condemn them? As well might a fleeting word judge the speaker that forms it. Perhaps they use us for their own high ends, use our strength and our weakness, our joy and our pain, in some theme inconceivable to us, and excellent." But I protested, "What theme could justify such waste, such futility? And how can we help judging; and how otherwise can we judge than by the light of our own hearts, by which we judge ourselves? It would be base to praise the Star Maker, knowing that he was too insensitive to care about the fate of his worlds." Bvalltu was silent in his mind for a moment. Then he looked up, searching among the smoke-clouds for a daytime star. And then he said to me in his mind, "If he saved all the worlds, but tormented just one man, would you forgive him? Or if he was a little harsh only to one stupid child? What has our pain to do with it, or our failure? Star Maker! It is a good word, though we can have no notion of its meaning. Oh, Star Maker, even if you destroy me, I must praise you. Even if you torture my dearest. Even if you torment and waste all your lovely worlds, the little figments of your imagination, yet I must praise you. For if you do so, it must be right. In me it would be wrong, but in you it must be right.
Erik von Kuehnelt-Leddihn, Leftism Revisited: from de Sade and Marx to Hitler and Pol Pot|Shalom is communal, holistic, and tangible. There is no private or partial shalom. The whole community must have shalom or no one has shalom. As long as there are hungry people in a community that is well fed, there can be no shalom. . . . Shalom is not for the many, while a few suffer; nor is it for the few while many suffer. It must be available for everyone.
Margaret Thatcher|It's a funny thing, how it works...The moment we stop trying so hard to be someone, we become ourselves--only what was there all along, waiting and peeking out from behind all the masks we wore.And when this happens, we discover that Who We Really Are is much greater than anything we might have pretended or even hoped to be.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|It may be unfair, but what happens in a few days, sometimes even a single day, can change the course of a whole lifetime...
Robin Alexander, Rusty Logic|...Bryan pumped his fist. “Stakeout! Will I be in plain clothes?” “Wear whatever you want as long as it’s dark,” Kirsten answered with a smile. “Permission to get snacks for my stakeout, ma’am!” Bryan said loudly as he sprung to attention.
Steve Maraboli|You want a great life? Well, greatness is on the other side of that fu**ing wall... don't just go over it, go through it! What are you waiting for?
Rae Carson|The history of our spiritual life is a continuing search for the unity between ourselves and the world. Religion, art, and science follow, one and all, this aim.
Aniruddha Sastikar|Assumption is one dreadful and incurable disease, which sticks to the soul and wiggles across the skin.
Álvaro de Campos|Do I believe a thing has limits!? Of course! Nothing exists that doesn’t have limits. Existence means there’s always something else, and so everything has limits. Why is it so hard to conceive that a thing is a thing, and that it isn’t always being some other thing that’s beyond it?”At that moment I felt in my bones not that I was talking to a man, but to another universe. I tried one last time, from another angle, which I felt compelled to consider legitimate.“Look, Caeiro... think about numbers... Where do they end? Take any number — say 34. Past it we have 35, 36, 37, 38 — there can be no end to it. There is no number so big that there is no number larger...““But that’s just numbers,” protested my master Caeiro.And then, looking at me out of his formidable, childlike eyes:“What is 34 in Reality, anyway?
A.A. Patawaran, HAI[NA]KU and other poems|To read a poemIs to see light where there is darknessIs to hear silence where there is noiseIs to dance where there is no musicIs to sing where the only instrument is wordsAnd the stirring, impassioned pauses
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Your soul is oftentimes a battlefield, upon your reason and your judgment wage war against your passion and your appetite.
Anne Wojcicki|My family made it through Hurricane Sandy. We have water, power, and a roof, but the survivor's guilt makes me want to hide. Sneak away from the brilliance of life. It shouts at me: 'Don't enjoy anything too much; people are suffering.' I feel childlike somehow.
Carol Lee, To Die For|I know, Little Man, you are quick with the diagnosis of craziness when you meet a truth you don’t like. And you feel yourself as the ‘homo normalis’. You have locked up crazy people, and the normal people manage this world. Who then is to blame for all the misery? Not you, of course, you only do your duty, and who are you to have an opinion of your own? I know, you don’t have to repeat it. It isn’t you that matters, Little Man. But when I think of your newborn children, of how you torture them in order to make them into ‘normal’ human beings after your image.
Stephenie Meyer, New Moon|Try not to trip," she added. "We don't have time for a concussion today."I groaned. That would be just like me - ruin everything, destroy the world, in a moment of klutziness.
Mary J. Blige|I remember a time when all my fans were crying and sad and going through hell. Now, we're trying to uplift each other and accept ourselves for who we are, even if nobody else does.
Leopold von Sacher-Masoch, Venus in Furs|If you never get your heart broken, you'll never learn to love.
John Howard Griffin, Black Like Me|Established churches not infrequently formed an alliance with the aristocracy , joining arm in arm against change.
Carl Bernstein, All the President's Men|Bernstein looked like one of those counterculture journalists that Woodward despised. Bernstein thought that Woodward's rapid rise at the Post had less to do with his ability than his Establishment credentials.They had never worked on a story together. Woodward was 29, Bernstein 28.-- Carl Bernstein, Bob Woodward
Jiten Bhatt|People judge you by what they see outside of you, But don't let them judge you, because they never see what is inside of you.
Eric Haney, Inside Delta Force|The author, then in the final stage as a candidate for Delta Force, was asked by the unit's foreboding colonel what he thought of the evaluation's Stress Week. He responded that he was waiting for it to begin, reasoning that, used to responsibility for others while leading a platoon, he only had himself to worry about. However hard the trial, he got four meals a day, nobody shot at, him, and the weather was pleasant.
Cynthia P. Schneider|A good attitude is really important. And a sense of optimism, someone who has ideas and isn't afraid to pitch them no matter what level she is. Someone who is proactive. Someone with efficiency and common sense. They don't always go hand-in-hand, common sense and, well, everything else.
Karl Marx, The German Ideology|It felt like fate. That if Gray Shadow and Caius could not find their way to each other, their bloodlines eventually did.
Douglas Rushkoff|Our astronauts, when they go orbiting around the earth, they actually come back slightly younger than a twin that they would have on the planet Earth who was stationary. This is called the twin paradox.
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Essential Rumi|Your hand opens and closes, opens and closes. If it were always a fist or always stretched open, you would be paralysed. Your deepest presence is in every small contracting and expanding, the two as beautifully balanced and coordinated as birds' wings.
Melody Carlson, The Christmas Pony|You know the real reason we celebrate Christmas, don't you? I mean, beyond Santa Claus and jungle bells and Christmas trees? You mean because Jesus was born? she asked.Yes... but did you ever think how Jesus was born? I mean, have you considered how it was such a humble birth, in a small barn...how he was laid in a hay trough...how the Son if almighty God humbled himself to be born in such lowly conditions? Have you thought about it like that? Jesus could have been born in a fine palace. After all, he was the Son of God. But for some reason God chose humble beginnings for His son. Do you ever wonder why? ... I think because God wanted to show that his love could reach to everyone, no matter who they were, from the poorest of poor to great kings.
Melanie Shankle, The Antelope in the Living Room: The Real Story of Two People Sharing One Life|To forget would mean the things we never knew	had never waited to be known, never waitedto be forgotten, had never been; waitingbeneath the long dead starsin time. . .
Jess Rothenberg, The Catastrophic History of You and Me|He gave me a small smile, and in that smile I saw our whole catastrophic history playing out before my eyes.
Harry Belafonte|After all, Paul Robeson said, ‘Artists are the radical voice of civilization.’ Each and every one of you in this room, with your gifts and your power and your skills, could perhaps change the way in which our global humanity mistrusts itself. Perhaps we as artists and as visionaries, for what’s better in the human heart and the human soul, could influence citizens everywhere in the world to see the better side of who and what we are as a species.
Brandon Sanderson, Sixth of the Dusk|The world is progressing. One man cannot slow it, no matter how determined he is."He stopped in the 
Chico Xavier|If I would expect better spiritual conditions to serve, I would not have started until the present moment.
Shannon L. Alder|Sometimes, the scariest thing you will ever have to do is trust God to fight the battles you can no longer fight.
Richelle Mead, Silver Shadows|We fell into silence, both of us keeping our own secrets of what we'd suffered in the other's absence. I wondered if we were trying to protect each other or simply didn't want to admit to our own fears and weaknesses.
Bill Vaughan|From where many of us in the U.K. sit, American politics is hopelessly polarized. All kinds of issues get bundled up into two great heaps. The rest of the world, today and across the centuries, simply doesn't see things in this horribly oversimplified way.
Hayden Wand, Once: Six Historically Inspired Fairytales|Aging gracefully - A concept that is rejected in 40s, but gracefully accepted in 50s...
Kate Douglas Wiggin, Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm|Rebecca's eyes were like faith,—"the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen." Under her delicately etched brows they glowed like two stars, their dancing lights half hidden in lustrous darkness. Their glance was eager and full of interest, yet never satisfied; their steadfast gaze was brilliant and mysterious, and had the effect of looking directly through the obvious to something beyond, in the object, in the landscape, in you. They had never been accounted for, Rebecca's eyes. The school teacher and the minister at Temperance had tried and failed; the young artist who came for the summer to sketch the red barn, the ruined mill, and the bridge ended by giving up all these local beauties and devoting herself to the face of a child,—a small, plain face illuminated by a pair of eyes carrying such messages, such suggestions, such hints of sleeping power and insight, that one never tired of looking into their shining depths, nor of fancying that what one saw there was the reflection of one's own thought.
Leigh Ann Edwards, The Farrier's Daughter|They take my breath away, Killian. How grand and marvelous, how utterly magnificent they are. I have never beheld such an astounding, impressive sight. Apart from seeing you unclothed, of course," she added.
Alex Rogers, I'm Only Human After All|Too many people out there tell us what we can and cannot do but…they don’t know who we are, what’s put in us.
George Orwell, 1984|Now I will tell you the answer to my question. It is this. The Party seeks power entirely for its own sake. We are not interested in the good of others; we are interested solely in power, pure power. What pure power means you will understand presently. We are different from the oligarchies of the past in that we know what we are doing. All the others, even those who resembled ourselves, were cowards and hypocrites. The German Nazis and the Russian Communists came very close to us in their methods, but they never had the courage to recognize their own motives. They pretended, perhaps they even believed, that they had seized power unwillingly and for a limited time, and that just around the corner there lay a paradise where human beings would be free and equal. We are not like that. We know that no one ever seizes power with the intention of relinquishing it. Power is not a means; it is an end. One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard a revolution; one makes the revolution in order to establish the dictatorship. The object of persecution is persecution. The object of torture is torture. The object of power is power. Now you begin to understand me.
Denis Fitzpatrick, This Mirror in Me|...if you discover your partner is cheating, drink like it’s your last party, blame everyone else for your problems, let “binging” be your new favorite hobby, and, by all means, FUCKING PANIC.
C. JoyBell C.|Let me be your shield, let me be your wall. I'll always be there, even when you fall!
Pope Gregory XI|I will not send you [Raimondo], they might murder you, but I do not think they will do anything to Catherine - she is a woman and they have great respect for her.
Victor Ponta|We only have one body, and you have to show respect for it.
Primo Levi, If This Is a Man / The Truce|This is the most immediate fruit of exile, of uprooting: the prevalence of the unreal over the real. Everyone dreamed past and future dreams, of slavery and redemption, of improbable paradises, of equally mythical and improbable enemies; cosmic enemies, perverse and subtle, who pervade everything like the air.
Claire-Louise Bennett, Pond|He'd solved the problem you see—and that's the way some people are. They are ceaselessly finding ways of getting to grips with the world, of surmounting certain antipathies so as to apply themselves to it that little bit more. It's quite admirable really, how they refuse to let anything come between them and the rest of it—Oh, the rest of it! Sort of there, sort of hovering there all the time. Different ideas come to me now and again—strategies I suppose that might inculcate a little more compatibility. I just don't know if I'll ever get the hang of it if you want to know—as a matter of fact I think I've left it a little too late to cultivate the necessary outlook.
Paul Bowles, The Spider's House|Oh, my darling, why is it that love makes me hate the world? It's supposed to have quite the opposite effect. I feel as though all mankind, and God, too, were in a conspiracy against us.
Wells Tower, Everything Ravaged, Everything Burned|If you were an animal, what would you be?" I wrote, "A bumblebee trying to fuck a marble.
Justin Alcala|Which is the true nightmare, the horrific dream that you have in your sleep or the dissatisfied reality that awaits you when you awake?
Grant McLachlan|If love makes the world go around, then money greases the axles.
Eugene V. Debs|It was Sunday morning, and old people passed me like sad grey waves on their way to church.
Erich Fromm|As I live and am a man, this is an unexaggerated tale - my dreams become the substances of my life.
Socrates, Apology, Crito and Phaedo of Socrates.|...[S]ome of the opinions which people entertain should be respected, and others should not.
Suzy  Davies, Johari's Window|She hands me an ornament of The Virgin Mary. "Pray to the Holy Mary, Mother of God!" I notice she has a gold chain round her neck. It has the holy cross and a shamrock
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.
Sarah J. Maas, The Assassin's Blade|My name is Celaena Sardothien," she whispered, "and I will not be afraid.
Deyth Banger|Words can change their meaning, just by repeating them.
Agatha Christie, The Clocks|It is clear that the books owned the shop rather than the other way about. Everywhere they had run wild and taken possession of their habitat, breeding and multiplying, and clearly lacking any strong hand to keep them down.
Dave Matthes, Sleepeth Not, the Bastard|Grandma sees these things when she talks about them and gestures with her hands like she's painting brush strokes in the air. The way Grandma paints her dreams for me, there's a low sky.
John   Kramer, Blythe|Not by prayers alone will a captive be freed, but by another man’s prayers matched by his deeds.
Julia Glass|Literature, art, science, and religion degenerate when polemical struggle supplants the independent creation of ideas.
Sarah Jessica Parker|One of the favorite conservative themes is that the cure for poverty is more marriage and earlier marriage. We hear that all the time; there have been billions of dollars now, between the Bush administration and the Obama administration, which has continued the marriage education program, on trying to get more people to get married.
Carl Hiaasen|As I get older, I just prefer to knit.
Terry Tempest Williams, When Women Were Birds: Fifty-four Variations on Voice|Listening to silence, our intuition and music helps us to find answers.
Dara Reidyr|Oh, there will still be deception. The fresh crew will emerge as adults, will have memories of past training and lives. Our stories, our lives, will go on. I refuse to allow that love to die, just because it was never real.
Ricardo Derose|They'd run all these tests on him and decided he wasn't racist. He wasn't, either, but not because he thought about it particularly. He just couldn't see the point. It just made for a lot of hassle, being that way, so why be that way? Nobody was going to go back and live where they lived before, were they, and if they did (he vaguely suspected) there wouldn't be any Mongolian barbecue and maybe we'd all be listening to Pentecostal Metal and anyway the President was black.
Charles Darwin|Darwin himself said as much: 'If it could be demonstrated that any complex organ existed which could not possibly have been formed by numerous, successive, slight modifications, my theory would absolutely break down. But I can find no such case.' Darwin could find no such case, and nor has anybody since Darwin's time, despite strenuous, indeed desperate, efforts. Many candidates for this holy grail of creationism have been proposed. None has stood up to analysis.
Margaret Atwood, Lady Oracle|I planned my death carefully, unlike my life, which meandered along from one thing to another, despite my feeble attempts to control it.
Donna Grant, Darkest Flame: Part 4|She leaned a shoulder against the tunnel wall and thought of Kellan. A Dragon King. A dragon and a King.A gorgeous man who kissed as if there were no tomorrow and made love skillfully, adeptly. He could have let her die. Instead, he took her on a journey that opened her eyes to an entirely new world both beautiful and frightening.
Eric Bana|I talk to student-athletes. I try to get them to remember that they're not just athletes, but student-athletes. You need to get an education, keep your hands clean and try to represent the university.
Marcia Lynn McClure|It is a severe cruelty inflicted upon women...that we should be the ones who so desperately need love...affection...acceptance.And yet, we suffer...many of us, for lack of it throughout our entire lives."-Shackles of Honor
Mark F. LaMoure|Everything big, once started little. Use self-control to grow to become an excellent person at what you want. Discipline yourself. Work to build excellent habits. Grow and develop excellent skills and abilities. Doing this over time, insures you will make solid progress at what you want for top success and achievement.
Brian Kolodiejchuk, Mother Teresa: Come Be My Light: The Private Writings of the "Saint of Calcutta"|The smile that covered a "multitude of pains" was no hypocritical mask. She was trying to hide her sufferings - even from God! - so as not to make others, especially the poor, suffer because of them. When she promised to do "a little extra praying & smiling" for one of her friends, she was alluding to an acutely painful and costly sacrifice: to pray when prayer was so difficult and to smile when her interior pain was agonizing.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|I am a firm believer in the people. If given the truth, they can be depended upon to meet any national crisis. The great point is to bring them the real facts, and beer.
Chang-rae Lee|If you can't be pretty, at least be nice.
Swami Satchidananda, The Yoga Sutras|Truth is the same always. Whoever ponders it will get the same answer. Buddha got it. Patanjali got it. Jesus got it. Mohammed got it. The answer is the same, but the method of working it out may vary this way or that. (115)
Scottie Pippen|If you smile when no one else is around, you really mean it.
Camryn Manheim|The only people available to change the world are the people now living in it, with all the beliefs they bring along - however retrograde those beliefs may appear to those of us who see ourselves as enlightened.
John Dryden, Oedipus: A Tragedy|If others in the same Glass better see 'Tis for Themselves they look, but not for me: For my Salvation must its Doom receive Not from what others, but what I believe.
H.L.  Stephens|Here I would point out, as a symptom equally worthy of notice, the ABSENCE OF FEELING which usually accompanies laughter. It seems as though the comic could not produce its disturbing effect unless it fell, so to say, on the surface of a soul that is thoroughly calm and unruffled. Indifference is its natural environment, for laughter has no greater foe than emotion. I do not mean that we could not laugh at a person who inspires us with pity, for instance, or even with affection, but in such a case we must, for the moment, put our affection out of court and impose silence upon our pity. In a society composed of pure intelligences there would probably be no more tears, though perhaps there would still be laughter; whereas highly emotional souls, in tune and unison with life, in whom every event would be sentimentally prolonged and re-echoed, would neither know nor understand laughter.
Thorstein Veblen|I do respect people's faith, but I don't respect their manipulation of that faith in order to create fear and control.
Ariel Gore|For me, Twitter works best as a way of taking pictures of being stuck in traffic on the Brooklyn Bridge. If people really want to read really funny quips about life, parenting, and pop culture, then by all means read Michael Ian Black's tweets.
Lisi Harrison, The Clique|Are you a female dog?""What?" Massie asked. "Why?"
Teresa Jordan, Riding the White Horse Home: A Western Family Album|I once ran across a list of nearly 400 winds from around the world and wondered why Wyoming, so dominated by wind, has so few names for its variations. . . . There's the wind, the damned wind, and the goddamned wind.
Anne Rouen, Angel of Song|I will not live to see you grow to womanhood, so I have written my story for you, my beloved grandchild, so that you can know the truth of what happened here so many years ago. I'm sure that in the course of your life you have wonderd about whispered conversations that stop when you are near. Wondered too about the knowing looks cast at you and your family. I am equally sure that your father has never found it in his heart to tell you the truth you are about to read. I beg you not to be angry with hime for withholding the truth from you. He has suffered greatly for my sins.
Anne Tyler|Epictetus say that everything has two handles, one by which it can be borne and one which it cannot. If your brother sins against you, he says, don't take hold of it by the wrong he did you but by the fact that he's your brother. That's how it can be borne.
Thomas Jefferson|I hold it that a little rebellion now and then is a good thing, and as necessary in the political world as storms in the physical.
Olaf Stapledon, A Man Divided|Why is it that all individuals today, at least all who are socially conscious, are in one way or another tortured by social guilt? Because whatever they do is fatally false, falsified by the pressure of an utterly false society. If you live solely for individual contacts and personal service, then you betray your obligation to the suffering millions with whom you have no contact. If you live for economic or social and political action to cure the sick world, then, either you will be entirely ineffective, or else you will gain power, and so be corrupted by power; and then you will contribute to the burden of the institutionalism and mechanized tyranny that is turning all men into robots. If you withdraw from the world to purge your soul of the world’s poison, seeking a lone salvation in religious discipline and contemplation, then again you betray your immediate obligation to your fellows, even if you innocently suppose you will discover truth invaluable to a future generation. No! As I see it, do what you will, you are damned, just because you are all of a piece with a damned world, a damned species.
Dick Van Dyke|Destiny is a good thing to accept when it's going your way. When it isn't, don't call it destiny; call it injustice, treachery, or simple bad luck.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|In some cases, I am able to respect what so many call bigots. Such people have a more solid foundation for drawing their lines when it comes to the security of their ways and quite possibly the security of mankind. They rely on something that has worked to get man this far without placing ideals blindly driven by emotion first; they have a sure line and they say, 'No.' That, in a sense, is something I find to be highly respectable.
Charlotte Perkins Gilman|'Before I Ever Met You' was the first one to come out and that just dives into the grit, and it's pretty graphic about a relationship. For my first song, it was very special the way it happened, because I didn't really hold anything back, and people responded to it.
Dipesh Nepal|I tell everyone who asks me about writing...almost everyone has an idea for a book, and some even have a great ending, but it's that 290 or so pages in between that are tough!
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|Love, the poet said, is woman's whole existence.
Dambisa Moyo, Dead Aid: Why Aid Is Not Working and How There Is a Better Way for Africa|In a perfect world what poor countries at the lowest rungs of economic development need is not a multi-party democracy, but in fact a decisive benevolent dictator to push through the reforms required to get the economy moving
Gary   Hopkins|So now, not only did my best friend leave, but the cheerleaders and their mindless followers assumed I was personally responsible for the petition (which, yeah, I was) and started being openly rude to me - shutting doors in my face, leaving nasty notes on my desk and in my locker, making fun of me when I could obviously hear them.That's when I started keeping really quiet in class, and finding ways to show the other kids I wasn't afraid of them - like staring them straight in the eye when they looked at me, taking a step toward them when they talked to me, or walking right up to them and getting their personal space if I heard them say my name. Saying the meanest things I could think of whenever I had the chance - repeating rumors, embellishing them. I found out Kira Conroy had been arrested for shoplifting at the mall, and made sure everyone knew about it. The girl who burped in a boy's face during her first kiss, the girl who tripped and fell off the stage at the Miss Teen California pageant - I shared those stories the moment I heard them.All's fair in war, right?Suddenly I wasn't a nobody anymore.I was a somebody.Somebody everyone was afraid of.
Terry Pratchett|Randall, the gay alcoholic in the house next door, boldly peeps through my windows. 'Boy, you sure rock in that chair a lot,' he said last week, his face pressed against my screen.  This time I was lying on my bed with Katherine's cats. I'm watching them while she's out of town. I can be very mushy, and he watched me kissing them and saying that all the other cats in the neighborhood were jealous of their beauty.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|In the blackness of the midnight sleep world, immunized from the harsh glare of daytime reality, the active imagination of the soul dances in the mind of a dream weaver. Safely shrouded in the all-encompassing blanket of darkness supplied by nighttime sleep, our secret wishes speak to us by channeling the collective mythology of the primordial mind. During the wee hours of night, right before first light, we summon our personal muse to tell us in operatic fashion what it means to be human. If we listen carefully, our muse’s heart songs shares with us what it means to experience both the tragedy and comedy of life, and encourages us to unreservedly embrace in a moral manner the banality, brutality, beauty, and splendor of nature that occurs eternally in the cosmic world that swaddles us.
Michael Perry, Population: 485|The young man till thirty, never feels practically that he is mortal. He knows it indeed, and, if need were, he could preach a homily on the fragility of life; but he brings it not home to himself, any more than in a hot June we can appropriate to our imagination the freezing days of December.
Elijah Noble El, The Age of Recovery|I moonlight as the greatest actor. I smile. I choose the comedy mask every time. I tell those who worry that I am fine, that I always will be. There is nothing to gain from these lies. I win no awards, yet I bow. On that stage I tell my life story with the lightest of words, the heaviest of hearts. I bleed for the people who stay and watch. Behold: the comedy, the tragedy. They smile and cheer. They clap for this. And I bow, and I bow, and I bow.
Stephenie Meyer|I remember saying goodbye to my father the night he left to join the Navy. He didn't have to. He was older than other servicemen and had a family to support but he wanted to be a part of the fight against fascism, not just make movies about it. I admired this about him.
Phil Cooke, One Big Thing: Discovering What You Were Born to Do|An idea is a feat of association, and the height of it is a good metaphor.
Georg Christoph Lichtenberg|I am aware that I am less than some people prefer me to be, but most people are unaware that I am so much more than what they see.
Jeffrey Kluger|We have overcome economic devastation, defeated mighty oppressors, and lifted up generation after generation of Americans. We can - and we will - do it again. For that is our birthright as members of the American family - white, black, Hispanic, Asian, immigrant, or descendant of the Founding Fathers themselves.
Hazel Gaynor, The Girl from the Savoy|So I care for this restless fluttering in my heart as if it were a bird with a broken wing, in the hope that it will one day heal and fly.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Deep within, there is something profoundly known, not consciously, but subconsciously. A quiet truth, that is not a version of something, but an original knowing. What this, absolute, truth [identity] is may be none of our business…but it is there, guiding us along the path of greater becoming; a true awareness. It is so self-sustaining that our recognition of it is not required. We are offspring’s of such a powerfully divine force – Creator of all things known and unknown.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|My help—it’s not a light switch you can turn on and off. My help starts right now, and after this point you don’t get to tell me that you don’t want it anymore. Understand? You had a chance to walk away, Alice, and you didn’t take it. Now it’s time to play the game.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Turn your frowns into smiles, your tears into laughter, your weaknesses into strengths, your setbacks into opportunities, and your failures into victories.
Jerusalem Jackson Greer, A Homemade Year: The Blessings of Cooking, Crafting, and Coming Together|What the hell?” Ian asked, holding his hands over the front of his Christmas briefs. Sara had ordered them from the Internet, and he'd worn them to please her. Too bad there hadn't been enough time for the underwear to meet with an unfortunate accident. A lot could be blamed on a washing machine.
Michael Ondaatje, The Dainty Monsters|I have been seeing dragons again.Last night, hunched on a beaver dam,one held a body like a badly held cocktail;his tail, keeping the beat of a waltz,sent a morse of ripples to my canoe.They are not richly brightbut muted like dawnsor the vague sheen on a fly's wing.Their old flesh drags in foldsas they drop into grey pools,strain behind a tree.Finally the others saw one today, trapped,tangled in our badminton net.The minute eyes shuddered deep in the creased facewhile his throat, strangely fierce, stretchedto release an extinct burning inside:pathetic loud whispers as four of usand the excited spaniel surrounded him.
Gwen Hayes, So Over You|Be yourself. Be true to that, to your heart. Patience. See what happens if you step back instead of bounding forward.
Igor Eliseev|You have always understood and accepted my most genuine, most intimate impulses and responded to them with surprising accuracy. I wish all people turned into such mirrors for each other.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Disappointment focuses on ‘what is not,’ and completely misses the far greater reality of ‘what now is.
Anaïs Nin, Little Birds|The great sexual energy that one has on abstinence can be transformed into art, poetry, dance, and inventions.
Adora Svitak|We do believe that freedom, the right to choose, the right to vote, respect and justice is the fundamental right of all people. All people must obtain these rights.
George Sand|At the root of this dilemma is the way we view mental health in this country. Whether an illness affects your heart, your leg or your brain, it’s still an illness, and there should be no distraction.– Michelle Obama
John Ortberg|In the end it's about the work, not an award you get for the work.
Brett Davern|My approach is so simple; every song I sing, every story I tell, every move I make, must move the audience to laughter, tears, or inspiration. Otherwise, why do it? It's the communication.
Elon Musk|In this business, you gotta hustle.
Osho, Awareness: The Key to Living in Balance|Unconcious makes you interested in other--things, people, but it is always the others. Unconciousness keeps you you completely in the darknesss; your eyes go on being focused on others. It creates a kind of exteriority, it makes you extroverts. Conciousness creates interiority. It makes you introverts; it takes you inward, deeper and deeper.
Maria Mitchell|Curiosity, rationalization, and laziness are no match against courage, self-control, and mental toughness.
Neal Shusterman, Everfound|When I touched that boy, I felt something. Something awful. Something I can’t describe.”“We all felt it,” Nick said.“You may have felt it, but I caused it.” Then both his eyes seemed to go far away. “Something changed out there. I don’t know what it was, but something in the world changed because that kid didn’t deserve what I did to him—and the powers that be know that I did it.” Nick watched as a tear fell from his Everlost eye and disappeared through the living world table.“What if,” said Nick, not even sure what he was going to say yet, “what if you were that kid and you were told you could change the world, but you would have to sacrifice yourself to do it?”Clarence chuckled at the thought. “I believe that question was already asked a long time ago, and that creepy kid did not look anything like Jesus to me.”“But you do think that something changed. . . .”“I don’t know whether it’s good or bad.”“What if it’s neither?” suggested Nick. “What if we get to make it one or the other?
Francis A. Schaeffer, Escape from Reason: A Penetrating Analysis of Trends in Modern Thought|There was something heartbreakingly beautiful about the lights of distant ships, I thought. It was something that touched both on human achievement and the vastness against which those achievements seemed so frail. It was the same thing whether the lights belonged to a caravel battling the swell on a stormy horizon or a diamond-hulled starship which had just sliced its way through interstellar space.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|I worry about anything happening to you ... because I truly love you, every bit of you.
H.G. Wells, The Island of Dr. Moreau|For it is just this question of pain that partsus. So long as visible or audible pain turns you sick; so long as your ownpains drive you; so long as pain underlies your propositions aboutsin,—so long, I tell you, you are an animal, thinking a little less obscurelywhat an animal feels.
Ken Wallace|I feel blessed to be a musician, and I know it's a power given to me from God that I must use in a very positive way.
Arnold Schwarzenegger|Here is the tragedy: when you are the victim of depression, not only do you feel utterly helpless and abandoned by the world, you also know that very few people can understand, or even begin to believe, that life can be this painful. There is nothing I can think of that is quite as isolating as this.
Michael Korda|A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in the experience.
kkat, Fallout: Equestria|Is it justice to make evil, and then punish for it?
Ogwo David Emenike, Happiness Recipe: Eat and Stay Happy|To be happy, you have to risk being unhappy.
Aimee L. Salter, Dark Touch|I will not go back. I may stumble, but I will not fall.
Julie Andrews|There is a physical relationship with a woman that you don't have with anybody else, but that's not about love. Love is a spiritual thing.
Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching|If you want to govern the people,You must place yourself below them.If you want to lead people,You must learn how to follow them.
Ernest Hemingway, A Clean Well Lighted Place|Our nada who art in nada, nada be thy name thy kingdom nada thy will be nada in nada as it is in nada. Give us this nada our daily nada and nada us our nada as we nada our nadas and nada us not into nada but deliver us from nada; pues nada. Hail nothing full of nothing, nothing is with thee.
A.C. Gaughen, Scarlet|Never would I have a man saying what or who were best for me, and that were all there were to it.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|When you finally understand the meaning of life, you come to the conclusion it has none after all
Curious George Brigade, Anarchy in the Age of Dinosaurs|When faced with unbridled wildness of reality, dinosaurs fall into fevered delusions of grandeur. In fits of madness, they recreate the world in their own overblown image, bull-dozing the wild and replacing it with a wasteland that reflects their own emptiness. Where there was once the incredibly complex diversity of nature, there is now the dead simplicity of asphalt and concrete.
Andrea K. Höst, The Pyramids of London|We are constantly immersed in a network of signs and symbols whose meaning eludes us, but which, if only we could read them, would reveal every detail of our past and even predict our future. Like anticipatory echoes, they tingle in our consciousness, building in crescendo until the event they herald becomes fully manifest. Afterwards, they linger for a time before being drowned out by a new tide of signs rushing in upon us. Such signatures are everywhere...
Robert Bolt, A Man for All Seasons|If I am disobeying orders, I'd rather be with God against men than with men against God.
Neal Stephenson, Anathem|Stories set in the Culture in which Things Went Wrong tended to start with humans losing or forgetting or deliberately leaving behind their terminal. It was a conventional opening, the equivalent of straying off the path in the wild woods in one age, or a car breaking down at night on a lonely road in another.
Jeffrey Fry|When opportunity comes, it’s too late to prepare.
Joseph Altuzarra|Architecture is particularly difficult for women; there's no reason for it to be. I don't want to blame men or society, but I think it was for a long time, the clients were men, the building industry is all male.
Thomas Huxley|I've never met a woman who thinks they've got a good enough figure - however perfect they look - which is sad, because no one else can see these perceived flaws; they're entirely internal.
Pamela Clare, Striking Distance|I couldn't have gotten through any of this without you. Through all of it, you've been my support, my anchor. I don't know how one man's shoulders can possibly be so strong."...He tilted her face up to his. "With the love I feel for you, bella, I could lift up the world.
Riikka Pulkkinen, Totta|People were endlessly good, wise, and gentle in the midst of all the hurry, the conferences, the dinner invitations, the smell of disinfectant, the meeting reminders.
Luo Guanzhong, Three Kingdoms: Classic Novel in Four Volumes|Let the truth be told: There is no virtue anywhere. Life is sly and unscrupulous, a blackguard, wolfish, severe. In service to itself, it will commit any offense. So, too, is Death possessed of infinite strategies and a gaunt nature—but also mercy, also grace and tenderness. In his own country, Death can be kind. But of an end to their argument, we shall have none, not ever, until the end of all.
Christy  Hall, The Little Silkworm|I still love the sound of breaking,the tearing of the page
Lailah Gifty Akita|When we repent by grace, we shall receive times of refreshing from God.
K. Kiker, WHITE|The only limits that exist in fantasy are your own and this is the place where you can push them safely, testing yourself to find the places in your mind you may not know exists. Deep in these recesses you may find wants you never knew you had. Here, in this place, you have the freedom to luxuriate in unsated hungers.
Ta-Nehisi Coates|Superheroes are best imagined in comic books. The union between the written word, the image, and then what your imagination has to do to connect those allows for so much.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|Blessed be His name that He has arranged that one Person of the Sacred Trinity should undertake this office of Comforter, for no man could ever perform its duties. We might as well hope to be the Savior as to be the Comforter of the heartbroken!
Olive Ann Burns, Cold Sassy Tree|Ask and it shall be given you,'" I began. "'Seek and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you; For every one that asketh receiveth; and he that seeketh findeth; and to him that knocketh it shall be opened.' We have the same message in the Book of Saint John," I said, sounding for all the world like a preacher...."Well, but how could I just stop there? Those words were worse than nothing if I didn't tell what they meant to Grandpa. Looking at the long rough box, I spoke timid, in a mumbled voice. Not preachified at all. "Grandpa didn't think Jesus meant, by that, that we should ast God for things, or for special favors. He said we could trust that in the nature of things, without astin', we'll get lots of blessin's and happy surprises and maybe a miracle or two. When Jesus said ast and you'll get it, He meant things of the spirit, not the flesh. Right now for instance, I could ast, 'Lord please raise Grandpa from the dead,' but it wouldn't happen. But I can say, 'Please, God, comfort me,' and I'll get heart's ease. Grandpa said Jesus meant us to ast for hope, forgiveness, and all that. Ast, 'Hep us not be scared, hep us not be greedy, give us courage to try." I was really carried away. "Ast any such and God will give it to you. But don't ast Him not to let fire burn, or say spare me from death. At least, uh, that's what Grandpa said.
Edgar Allan Poe|When, indeed, men speak of Beauty, they mean, precisely, not a quality, as is supposed, but an effect - they refer, in short, just to that intense and pure elevation of soul - not of intellect, or of heart.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Don’t ask what it will cost or how much of your time you will have to sacrifice. Instead, ask what it’s worth.
Francis Chan, You and Me Forever: Marriage in Light of Eternity|The verses in the Bible are more than good teachings, they possess power.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|The city had seemed like a great place to discover who you are. It just seemed that there was a lot to experience here, as if all you had to do was show up and the city would take care of the rest, making sure you got the education, the maturing, the wising-up you needed. Its crowds, the noise, the endlessness of it all, the perpetual motion, felt exciting then—revealing—just the deep end I needed to jump into. There is something unique about New York, some quality, some matchless, pertinent combination of promise and despair, wizardry and counterfeit, abundance and depletion, that stimulates and allows for a reckoning to occur—maybe even forces it. The city pulls back the curtain on who you are; it tests you and shows you what you are made of in a way that has become iconic in our popular culture, and with good reason.
Dennis Sharpe, Wednesday|Guns, double-crosses, hitmen… I can get used to a lot of things, but I’m never going to get used to sleeping where apocalypse bugs mate,” Wednesday said, walking into the room looking around. She dropped her Birkin on the floor and heard something scuttling behind the cheap plastic wood print veneer covered dresser. She turned to face Alvin, her head cocked to the side. “Seriously. I’m not saying five-star… I’m saying go on Expedia and find a place that actually has stars… any stars.
Mark T. Barnes, The Garden of Stones|He explained civilization to me. I mean how it looks to him. He's going to let it go on a little while longer. But it better be careful and not interfere with his private life. If it does, he's apt to make a phone call to God and cancel the order.
Terry Tempest Williams, Leap|The middle path makes me wary. . . . But in the middle of my life, I am coming to see the middle path as a walk with wisdom where conversations of complexity can be found, that the middle path is the path of movement. . . . In the right and left worlds, the stories are largely set. . . . We become missionaries for a position . . . practitioners of the missionary position. Variety is lost. Diversity is lost. Creativity is lost in our inability to make love with the world.
Aleksandar Hemon, The Lazarus Project|Writers use narratives to select from everything there is, and make contexts by putting the pieces into relation; that’s what writers do, they make contexts.
Franz Werfel|Which road, which road did you takeThat brought you here at last?No road, no road did I take.I leaped, I leaped from dream to dream.
Dan Meredith, How To Be F*cking Awesome|Everyone loves a flawed hero. I don't want perfect people. I want people who have a story, have been through some shit, dance to their own beat and still make it work, not the fake-arsed posh fuck-wits who look down on us slightly geeky weird-but-cool entrepreneurs.
Nazim Ambalath|Love your life because, life is love.
Noam Chomsky|Being tall is an advantage, especially in business. People will always remember you. And if you're in a crowd, you'll always have some clean air to breathe.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Understanding languages and other cultures builds bridges. It is the fastest way to bring the world closer together and to Truth. Through understanding, people will be able to see their similarities before differences.
Poonam Parihar|Plan for the rest of my life, I will travel the world and retire in the himalayas.
Erich von Däniken, Chariots of The Gods|You might plan how to sleep but you can't plan how to wake up. He who plans how to sleep is a Planer, he who plans out to wake up is a Dreamer.
Denis Diderot|I know my voice has a limited range of motion; I don't write dramatic monologues and pretend to be other people. But so far, my voice is broad enough to accommodate most of what I want to put into my poetry. I like my persona; I often wish I were him and not me.
Chuck Palahniuk, Damned|I'm the idiot box. I'm the TV. I'm the all-seeing eye and the world of the cathode ray. I'm the boob tube. I'm the little shrine the family gathers to adore.' 'You're the television? Or someone in the television?' 'The TV's the altar. I'm what people are sacrificing to.' 'What do they sacrifice?' asked Shadow.'Their time, mostly,' said Lucy. 'Sometimes each other.' She raised two fingers, blew imaginary gunsmoke from the tips. Then she winked, a big old I Love Lucy wink.'You're a God?' said Shadow.Lucy smirked, and took a ladylike puff of her cigarette. 'You could say that,' she said.
Diane Samuels, Kindertransport: A Drama|What I want is irrelevant. This is your life, Faith.
William E. Gladstone|Today, if you invent a better mousetrap, the government comes along with a better mouse.
Grace Burrowes, Lady Maggie's Secret Scandal|Of course,” the cabbie said, “you don’t know where you’re going unless you know where you’re going.
Marya Hornbacher|In that six months, so much happened that death seemed, primarily, inconvenient. The trial period was extended. I seem to keep extending it. There are many things to do. There are books to write and naps to take. There are movies to see and scrambled eggs to eat. Life is essentially trivial. You either decide you will take the trite business of life and give yourself the option of doing something really cool, or you decide you will opt for the Grand Epic of eating disorders and dedicate your life to being seriously trivial.
Richard Russo, Nobody's Fool|He was perfectly astonished with the historical account gave him of our affairs during the last century; protesting “it was only a heap of conspiracies, rebellions, murders, massacres, revolutions, banishments, the very worst effects that avarice, faction, hypocrisy, perfidiousness, cruelty, rage, madness, hatred, envy, lust, malice, and ambition, could produce.”His majesty, in another audience, was at the pains to recapitulate the sum of all I had spoken; compared the questions he made with the answers I had given; then taking me into his hands, and stroking me gently, delivered himself in these words, which I shall never forget, nor the manner he spoke them in: “My little friend Grildrig, you have made a most admirable panegyric upon your country; you have clearly proved, that ignorance, idleness, and vice, are the proper ingredients for qualifying a legislator; that laws are best explained, interpreted, and applied, by those whose interest and abilities lie in perverting, confounding, and eluding them. I observe among you some lines of an institution, which, in its original, might have been tolerable, but these half erased, and the rest wholly blurred and blotted by corruptions. It does not appear, from all you have said, how any one perfection is required toward the procurement of any one station among you; much less, that men are ennobled on account of their virtue; that priests are advanced for their piety or learning; soldiers, for their conduct or valour; judges, for their integrity; senators, for the love of their country; or counsellors for their wisdom. As for yourself,” continued the king, “who have spent the greatest part of your life in travelling, I am well disposed to hope you may hitherto have escaped many vices of your country. But by what I have gathered from your own relation, and the answers I have with much pains wrung and extorted from you, I cannot but conclude the bulk of your natives to be the most pernicious race of little odious vermin that nature ever suffered to crawl upon the surface of the earth.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|There are a good many books, are there not, my boy?” said Mr. Brownlow, observing the curiosity with which Oliver surveyed the shelves that reached from the floor to the ceiling.“A great number, sir,” replied Oliver; “I never saw so many.”“You shall read them if you behave well,” said the old gentleman kindly; “and you will like that, better than looking at the outsides, - that is, in some cases, because there are books of which the backs and covers are by far the best parts.
Dean F. Wilson, Worldwaker|A new age is approaching, and its advent might make us pray to go back to the days of the trenches. Once the Worldwaker goes off, we will never be able to sleep again.
Thomas Guthrie|Love is a strange master, and human nature is still stranger.
Larry Crabb, Becoming a True Spiritual Community: A Profound Vision of What the Church Can Be|When spiritual friends share their stories, the others listen without working. They rest. There’s nothing to fix, nothing to improve. A spiritual community feels undisturbed quiet as they listen, certainly burdened . . . but still resting in the knowledge that the life within, the passion for holiness, is indestructible. It needs only to be nourished and released.
C. JoyBell C.|The problem with thinking that you are the absolute best, is that it leaves no room for you to become any better and while you live life thinking that you're the best, truth is a lot of people around you are already better and becoming even more better.
Shannon L. Alder|Have you heard of the most evil things done by people in their lifetime? They have coveted men's wives, killed hundreds of Christians and sold their best friend's life away for just a few coins. Isn't it interesting that they were God's chosen in the bible? ---Saul, Judas & King David
Andrei Tarkovsky|Shyness is only the effect of a sense of inferiority in some way or other. If I could persuade myself that my manners were perfectly easy and graceful, I should not be shy
Ruth Ahmed, When Ali Met Honour|Honour and I would have to create our world, live by our own rules. My family wasn't ready for her just yet. I didn't know if they ever would be.
Michael  Harris|When we think we're multitasking we're actually multiswitching. That is what the brain is very good at doing - quickly diverting its attention from one place to the next. We think we're being productive. We are, indeed, being busy. But in reality we're simply giving ourselves extra work.
Riki Jou|People don't die, they continue to live. As long as you remember who they are when they're still living. See? Now that you've think about it, you thought about those who passed away and see them moving in your memories. That's right. They're still alive as long as you live. They only die when you can't remember them, and when the time comes you're dead too. Memories are the the real people.
Matt K. Turner, GENESIS|You're jealous," I said. His face went cold and remote, and I knew I should shut up, but my humiliation had been festering since the game, turning to anger, thick and oily in my veins. I couldn't stop myself. it was leaking out, contaminating everything, poisoning the one good thing I had left. "You're jealous because I actually go after what I want, and I get it.
Kirtida Gautam|Ego is not an enemy to be broken or demolished, as is often portrayed in spiritual literature. We don't want to get rid of the ego, we want to soften it, make it porous and receptive, so information, thoughts, and compassion flow in and out. A healthy ego allows us to have the strength of our convictions yet be open to others. Psychological literature often refers to ego strength - a sureness about ourselves that rests calmly inside, the will to actualize our dreams, or stand fast to our beliefs without worrying about the consequences.By contrast, the rigid or inflated ego is concrete and dualistic - right-wrong, good-bad, friend-foe...It believes the stories we've made up are reality and doesn't realize that they are only the cover over our essence...To deflect fear, the inflated ego dons a mask and becomes artificial in relationships...This leaves us a stranger to ourself and the person we are meeting. In fact, there has been no authentic connection; it's only our personas that have met.
Ava, You Are Safe Here.|stay curious and stay the brave, strong, unrelenting soldier of love that you are.
Erica Bauermeister, Joy for Beginners|A runner's high doesn't come from thinking about the end result, only of the moment, one step, one breath, one heartbeat at a time. It's the same for a writer ...
Toba Beta|Life is impoverished, it loses in interest, when the highest stake in the game of living, life itself, may not be risked. It becomes as shallow and empty as, let us say, an American flirtation.
Ann Brashares|Look at the sun! It’s dry, it’s dead, it needs a drink, it wants blood! And I’ll give it blood!
K.P. Yohannan, Living in the Light of Eternity|What will you do with your self? Many men and women are still in darkness, trying to figure out the meaning and purpose of life. But no matter what you try to do with your self— whether you deny it, obliterate it, annihilate it, accept it or express it—believe me, it is still alive and kicking.
Warren Ellis, Transmetropolitan, Vol. 3: Year of the Bastard|If a thief and an immoral society finds a thief and an immoral political leader, it will support him to the death!
Jostein Gaarder|Peter Pastmaster and the absurdly youthful colonel of the new force were drawing up a list of suitable officers in Bratts Club. 'Most of war seems to consist of hanging about,' he said. 'Let's at least hang about with our own friends.
William Makepeace Thackeray| 'Tragedy admires man. Comedy feels a bit sorry for him.' We think we are kings or queens, masters of the universe or at least our own destiny. We forget that a foot may crush us, or that the wind may knock us down. We are not in control. We are subject to gas and sloughing skin and dirty pores. Most of our joints will eventually fail us. We have big brains which we can imagine great things, but we can't really get off the ground. It's like we have wings but we can't fly.
Jim C. Hines, Libriomancer|Writing a first-draft battle scene is akin to real combat—chaos, confusion, and you must keep your cool as you fire word bullets downrange.
Cathy McMorris Rodgers|Fortunately, good policy, true principles, and effective leadership work whenever they are tried. When we reduce government, balance budgets, and keep taxes as low as possible, states respond in a positive way.
Craig S. Keener, Gift & Giver: The Holy Spirit for Today|While we must not fall into the gnosticizing trap of seeing the world as only ideal, without any reference to the physical and tangible universe we inhabit, neither should we commit to crass literalism devoid of imagination and poetry.
Ron Hall|Everybody's lookin for God everywhere on the outside. He ain't in no book, and He ain't in no preacher, and He ain't in nothin or no one on the outside. You got to go inside 'cause that's where God is- in the deepest place inside you. And ain't nobody gon' make God tell you nothin. Ain't nobody gon' have no wisdome 'bout nothin if they thinks they can read 'bout it or hear about it from some man or woman. That got to come from revelation. That got to come from the Holy Spirit inside us, and that ain't somethin that can be bargained for. You can't achieve revelation. You can't work for what's free.
Rob Sheffield|When I was in the 12th grade, I got my girlfriend pregnant. I just got out of school, she was a 10th-grader. I'm a teen parent, and I'm at a point where I'm like, 'Man I've got to do something.'
Margaret Weis, Dragons of Winter Night|If we deny love that is given to us, if we refuse to give love because we fear the pain of loss, then our lives will be empty, our loss greater.
Seth Haines, Coming Clean:  A Story of Faith|Forgiveness, both its extension and receipt, requires a lower, humble position before both God and man. Forgiveness, both its extension and receipt, is not the natural inclination of man, and I must fight for it.
Laini Taylor, Daughter of Smoke & Bone|What do you think I live on, rainwater and daydreams?
Gary Johnson|And we love to dance, especially that new one called the Civil War Twist. The Northern part of you stands still while the Southern part tries to secede.
Wendell Berry, The Unsettling of America: Culture and Agriculture|It is possible, I think, to say that... a Christian agriculture [is] formed upon the understanding that it is sinful for people to misuse or destroy what they did not make. The Creation is a unique, irreplaceable gift, therefore to be used with humility, respect, and skill.
Anne Rice|Resignation requires will, and will requires decision, and decision requires belief, and belief requires that there is something to believe in!
Colleen Hoover, Slammed|Who cares about tomorrow?What more is tomorrow,than another day?(-The Avett Brothers, "Swept Away")
Marco G. Casteleijn, Scattered Voices: A Collection of Poems Shared by Strangers on the Internet.|Now is the time to enliven, ennoble and enrich your life's tapestry.
Ray Bradbury|When I was a boy my grandfather died, and he was a sculptor. He was also a very kind man who had a lot of love to give the world, and he helped clean up the slum in our town; and he made toys for us and he did a million things in his lifetime; he was always busy with his hands. And when he died, I suddenly realized I wasn't crying for him at all, but for all the things he did. I cried because he would never do them again, he would never carve another piece of wood or help us raise doves and pigeons in the backyard or play the violin the way he did, or tell us jokes the way he did. He was part of us and when he died, all the actions stopped dead and there was no one to do them just the way he did. He was individual. He was an important man. I've never gotten over his death. Often I think what wonderful carvings never came to birth because he died. How many jokes are missing from the world, and how many homing pigeons untouched by his hands. He shaped the world. He DID things to the world. The world was bankrupted of ten million fine actions the night he passed on.
J. N. HALM, CUSTOMER ROMANCE: A New Feel of Customer Service|Great companies know that customer relationships in these times call for more than just having a great product (or service) backed by a great sales team. Customers have to be wooed until they fall so deeply in love with your offering that they will ward off advances from potential suitors. No matter how well you perform as a business, there are little things that can cause the relationship with your customers to suffer. The companies, products and/or services that we love are those that “touch” us in the right places at the right times. After all, that is what “romancing” the customer is all about—feeing your way to the customer’s heart.
Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution|For mad I may be, but I will never be convenient.
Craig Groeschel, It: How Churches and Leaders Can Get It and Keep It|The people who had turned their heads turned them again as the service proceeded; and at last observing her they whispered to each other. She knew what their whispers were about, grew sick at heart, and felt that she could come to church no more.
Alan Bennett, The Uncommon Reader|What she was finding also was how one book led to another, doors kept opening wherever she turned and the days weren't long enough for the reading she wanted to do.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, vision cleared, ambition inspired, and success achieved.
Sylvan Clarke, Ten Head 'an Eye for an Eye'|Be at peace with yourself, or you'll be at war with everyone.
Sawyer Bennett, Off Course|First, I'm not pestering you. I'm trying to make it clear that I want to fuck you into oblivion. Second, there is no other woman that I'm interested in. Clear enough for you?
Damien Hirst|When my father bid $5,000 for the 1962 Championship Game, that was a huge amount. It was double the bid the year before. Pete Rozelle was flabbergasted. Who was this guy who was willing to spend so much money on what seemed like relatively worthless rights to the NFL Championship Game?
David O. Russell|I am not a great cook, I am not a great artist, but I love art, and I love food, so I am the perfect traveller.
Tatyana Sumakova|when life gives you lemons, don't try to make orange juice
Yaa Gyasi, Homegoing|Maybe he wouldn't end up the kind of man who needed to use his body for work. Maybe he'd be a new kind of black man altogether, one who got to use his mind.
Arundhati Roy, The Checkbook and the Cruise Missile: Conversations with Arundhati Roy|People often don't understand the engine that drives corruption. Particularly in India, they assume government equals corruption, private companies equal efficiency. But government officials are not genetically programmed to be corrupt. Corruption is linked to power. If it is the corporations that are powerful, then they will be corrupt.
Mark Twain|The poorest paid architect, engineer, general, author, sculptor, painter, lecturer, advocate, legislator, actor, preacher, singer is constructively in heaven when he is at work; and as for the musician with the fiddle-bow in his hand who sits in the midst of a great orchestra with the ebbing and flowing tides of divine sound washing over him--why, certainly, he is at work, if you wish to call it that, but lord, it's a sarcasm just the same.
Rene Redzepi|When I was playing before I retired, I never really understood the appreciation and the respect that people gave me. People had treated me like a god or something, and that was very embarrassing.
Romeo Miller|The Kapoor surname has legend, a passion for acting, respect and love attached to it. And I am very proud of that.
Jessie Burton, The Miniaturist|What are we all chasing? Nella wonders. To live, of course. To be unbound from the invisible ropes that Johannes spoke of in his study. Or to be happy in them, at least.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|The drums are slamming, rhythmic, exciting. As the minutes pass, it feels to me like we are collectively pulling the year 2004 toward us. Like we have roped it with our music, and now we are hauling it across the night sky like it's a massive fishing net, brimming with all our unknown destinies. And what a heavy net it is, indeed, carrying as it does all the births, deaths, tragedies, wars, love stories, inventions, transformations and calamities that are destined for all of us this coming year.
David Marusek, Mind Over Ship|All of us—employers, parents, schools, government agencies, and interns themselves—are complicit in the devaluing of work, the exacerbation of social inequality, and the disillusionment of young people in the workplace that are emerging as a result of the intern boom. Informal, barely studied, and little regulated, internships demand our scrutiny. We need a view of the entire sprawling system and its history, a glimpse of its curious blend of privilege and exploitation; we need to hear from interns themselves, and also from those who proffer internships, the people who sell them, the few who work to improve them, an the many who are unable to access them at all. only then can we consider ethical, legal alternatives to a system that is broken, a practice that is often poisonous.
Kamaran Ihsan Salih|The instruction received at the mother's knee, and the paternal lessons, together with the pious and sweet souvenirs of the fireside, are never effaced entirely from the soul.
Martin Rees|Maybe the search for life shouldn't restrict attention to planets like Earth. Science fiction writers have other ideas: balloon-like creatures floating in the dense atmospheres of planets such as Jupiter, swarms of intelligent insects, nano-scale robots and more.
Albrecht Durer|I think that people with differing points of view find common ground in 'Modern Family' is very flattering, and I'm appreciative of that.
Barbara Ehrenreich, Living with a Wild God: A Nonbeliever's Search for the Truth about Everything|Then the dreaded words, Your child has autism. These words echo in their heads like a freight train blasting through their hopes and dreams.
The Script|Take that rage, put it on a page, take the page to the stage, blow the roof off the place.
Michael Bassey Johnson|The world is changing rapidly, and everyone changes along with the world. Discoveries is now becoming rampant; intellectually, technologically,etc, each having its advantage and disadvantage.
Alin Sav|Leadership. No rules, no laws, no books, no titles, just influence.
John Frohnmayer, Leaving Town Alive|The White House usually followed the seagull theory of management: fly in, squawk and flap and shit, and fly away.
Franz Kafka, A Country Doctor|The woman spoke with a heavy western North Carolina accent, which I used to discredit her authority. Here was a person for whom the word 'pen' had two syllables. He people undoubtedly drank from clay jugs and hollered for Paw when the vittles were ready-- so who was she to advise me on anything?
Rucy Ban, All My Life|Mean wordsOnce upon a time, I loved you But I will neverI swear.
Brian De Palma|Those who have compared our life to a dream were right... we were sleeping wake, and waking sleep.
Alexandra Robbins, The Geeks Shall Inherit the Earth: Popularity, Quirk Theory and Why Outsiders Thrive After High School|If we are to be truly free, that freedom will come through cooperation and tolerance with one another.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|scary mommy confession #80920" I invited you into my home as a guest. And you brought my two year old permanent markers and play-doh. next time I visit you, I'm bringing your teenage daughter condoms and crack.
Harold E. Varmus|I could be happy doing something like architecture. It would involve another couple of years of graduate school, but that's what I studied in college. That's what I always wanted to do.
Melissa Tagg, Like Never Before|FaithWALK~When I tell you to walk, run like the wind for your guaranteed to fly...
T.S. Eliot, Christianity and Culture: The Idea of a Christian Society and Notes Towards the Definition of Culture|But the Church cannot be, in any political sense, either conservative or liberal, or revolutionary. Conservatism is too often conservation of the wrong things: liberalism a relaxation of discipline; revolution a denial of the permanent things.
Rick Perlstein, Before the Storm: Barry Goldwater and the Unmaking of the American Consensus|Almost alone among successful politicians, he took slights personally.
Mitch Rowland, Eternity's Redemption|A woman does not marry with a man for his wealth, unless he is too rich and a man does not marry with a girl for her beauty, unless she is too beautiful.
Shirley A. Martin, Bengalo Moon: Jook and Gypsies Vol. 2|[His eyes are] Atlantic Ocean blue, just like he'd said. It's strange because of course I'd known that. But the difference between knowing it and seeing them in person is the difference between dreaming of flying and flight.
Katie MacAlister, Sex, Lies and Vampires|You may stay. But Jessica, please watch what you say and do. Don't look them in the eyes for long. Speak only when spoken to. Yes, sir; yes, ma'am.""Sit up. Arf," I teased."What about her?" Jessica cried, pointing in my general direction. "She's more in need of an etiquette lesson than I am.""Yeah," I said, "but I'm the Queen. With a capital fucking Q. Hey, you're looking me in the eyes for too long! Eric, make her stop!
Ally Carter, Out of Sight, Out of Time|CANDLE WISDOM If you knewwhat you will knowwhen your candlehas burnt low,it would greatlyease your plightwhile your candlestill burns bright.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|You are mistaken, Mr. Darcy, if you suppose that the mode of your declaration affected me in any other way, than as it spared the concern which I might have felt in refusing you, had you behaved in a more gentlemanlike manner." (Elizabeth Bennett)
Kris Kidd, Down for Whatever|Once upon a time we all walked on the golden road. It was a fair highway, through the Land of Lost Delight; shadow and sunshine were blessedly mingled, and every turn and dip revealed a fresh charm and a new loveliness to eager hearts and unspoiled eyes.On that road we heard the song of morning stars; we drank in fragrances aerial and sweet as a May mist; we were rich in gossamer fancies and iris hopes; our hearts sought and found the boon of dreams; the years waited beyond and they were very fair; life was a rose-lipped comrade with purple flowers dripping from her fingers.We may long have left the golden road behind, but its memories are the dearest of our eternal possessions; and those who cherish them as such may haply find a pleasure in the pages of this book, whose people are pilgrims on the golden road of youth.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|She said it out loud, the words distributed into a room that was full of cold air and books. Books everywhere! Each wall was armed with overcrowded yet immaculate shelving. It was barely possible to see paintwork. There were all different styles and sizes of lettering on the spines of the black, the red, the gray, the every-colored books. It was one of the most beautiful things Liesel Meminger had ever seen.With wonder, she smiled.That such a room existed!
Katlyn Charlesworth, The Patriot's Daughter|Men may fight the battle, but women wage the war.
Stephanie   Wood, Room 101|Man, you should write a book.’‘I know. You couldn’t make this stuff up, could you?
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|He could almost taste the tang of that swampy air right here in his own desert parking lot and hear the calls of the heavily beating flock, sorrowing and apologizing and making plans for some other time. Time. He realized that crows had always reminded him of time, dark time. He gazed at the backs of his hands, at the plummy dark repellent veins.
Eyden I., Woman's Book: Only For Men|If there is a moral to this part of the story, and I distrust morals in the same way that I distrust beginnings, it is simply this: know that with which you deal.
Saurabh Sharma|We could, however, demand much more from the social media sites that are so eager to sign up our kids and encourage them to share, share, share. These companies are selling our kids’ “likes” and habits to advertisers, and enticing all of us to give up more and more of our privacy.
James Frey|Are we biology or God or something higher? I know my heart beats and I listen to it. The beat is biology, but what is the song? 
Aleksandar Hemon, The Making of Zombie Wars|When the mind imagines its own lack of power, it is saddened by it.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Drop down someone else's shoe and run to take your own quickly. Don't hire your own to anybody, else it profits you nothing! Brighten the corner where you are. Yes, you can!
Samuel Wilson|While the Environmental Genome Project does not seek to assign allele frequencies, we are aware of the importance of accurate allele frequency estimates for future epidemiologic studies and the large sample sizes such estimates will require.
Victoria Principal|The CIA teamed up with Army, Air Force and Naval Intelligence to run one of the most nefarious, classified, enhanced interrogation programs of the Cold War. The work took place inside a clandestine facility in the American zone of occupied Germany, called Camp King.
A.H. Almaas|Hatred is the price that society extracts from its leaders for the honour, power and wealth it bestows unto them.
B.D. Roca, Happy Birthday|She'd been hired to protect him. But he'd come to a place where he'd do anything, give anything, risk anything to protect her.
Anamika Mishra|One day it may feel as if energy and enthusiasm are quenched, feelings dried up and emotions scorched, love and affection tangled in a harsh and uninviting setting. Nothing seems to grow anymore. No seed. No flowers. No foreseeable hope. No conceivable prospects. Any blossom of expectation seems to have become an illusion and life appears to have come to a standstill. If no seed of loving care is sown in the untilled, abandoned land, no bud can come into flower. Singer Amy Winehouse felt like lying fallow in the ground of a wasteland "with tears dry, dying a hundred times, going back to black" and leaving eventually for a place of ultimate sorrow and heartbreak, for a point of no return. ( “Amour en friche” )
|Any love that is solely based on physical beauty, is a stranger to longevity.
Logan Henderson|Do something that surprises yourself cause if you don't surprise yourself, you're not going to surprise anybody else.
John McPhee, A Sense of Where You Are: Bill Bradley at Princeton|Bradley is one of the few basketball players who have ever been appreciatively cheered by a disinterested away-from-home crowd while warming up. This curious event occurred last March, just before Princeton eliminated the Virginia Military Institute, the year's Southern Conference champion, from the NCAA championships. The game was played in Philadelphia and was the last of a tripleheader. The people there were worn out, because most of them were emotionally committed to either Villanova or Temple-two local teams that had just been involved in enervating battles with Providence and Connecticut, respectively, scrambling for a chance at the rest of the country. A group of Princeton players shooting basketballs miscellaneously in preparation for still another game hardly promised to be a high point of the evening, but Bradley, whose routine in the warmup time is a gradual crescendo of activity, is more interesting to watch before a game than most players are in play. In Philadelphia that night, what he did was, for him, anything but unusual. As he does before all games, he began by shooting set shots close to the basket, gradually moving back until he was shooting long sets from 20 feet out, and nearly all of them dropped into the net with an almost mechanical rhythm of accuracy. Then he began a series of expandingly difficult jump shots, and one jumper after another went cleanly through the basket with so few exceptions that the crowd began to murmur. Then he started to perform whirling reverse moves before another cadence of almost steadily accurate jump shots, and the murmur increased. Then he began to sweep hook shots into the air. He moved in a semicircle around the court. First with his right hand, then with his left, he tried seven of these long, graceful shots-the most difficult ones in the orthodoxy of basketball-and ambidextrously made them all. The game had not even begun, but the presumably unimpressible Philadelphians were applauding like an audience at an opera.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|What comes through war is given back through war. All spoils will be retaken, all plunder will be dispersed. All victors will be defeated and every city filled with prey will be sacked in its turn.
Gordon B. Hinckley|Of course we're Christian. The very name of the church declares that. The more people see us and come to know us, the more I believe they will come to realize that we are trying to exemplify in our lives and in our living the great ideals which (Jesus Christ) taught.
Todd Gitlin|Given that, and assuming that we begin to adjust to issues like climate change and the greenhouse effect, Denver's location in the center of the country becomes a tremendous advantage.
Robin Bielman, Falling for Her Bachelor|I love the sounds you make," he said, voice husky.	"I love that you make me make them.
Toba Beta|It's not so much that the old friend is a better friend. It's just that you know the person better, and you know they don't really care if you're acting like a poor, grovelling idiot. They know you would do the same for them.
David Blaine|Grow your tree of falsehood from a small grain of truth. Do not follow those who lie in contempt of reality. Let your lie be even more logical than the truth itself, so the weary travelers may find repose.
Pritam Chakraborty|Very often, organizations are inflexible because there is too little communication between functions; they are too segregated.
George Saunders, The Braindead Megaphone|Author:A common gadabout who freely wanders over the landscape with wanton disregard. His days are spent picking up all the stray free words he can handle and squirreling them away for later use. Subsequently, (days, months or years later) working by candlelight and hidden away in his dank, musty secluded lair, the rogue simply rearranges the collected words on yellowed bond with a sharpened quill ink pen fashioned from the tail feather of a bald-headed vulture.Once finished, the dastardly cur audaciously attempts to sell those assembled pages for fleeting fame and profit.
Bertrand Russell|Barefoot conducts his seminars on his houseboat in Sausalito. It costs a hundred dollars to find out why we are on this Earth. You also get a sandwich, but I wasn't hungry that day. John Lennon had just been killed and I think I know why we are on this Earth; it's to find out that what you love the most will be taken away from you, probably due to an error in high places rather than by design.
J.K. Rowling|Harry moved toward the fire, butjust as he reached the edge of the hearth, Mr. Weasley put out ahand and held him back. He was looking at the Dursleys in amazement.“Harry said good-bye to you,” he said. “Didn’t you hear him?”“It doesn’t matter,” Harry muttered to Mr. Weasley. “Honestly, Idon’t care.”Mr. Weasley did not remove his hand from Harry’s shoulder.“You aren’t going to see your nephew till next summer,” he saidto Uncle Vernon in mild indignation. “Surely you’re going to saygood-bye?”Uncle Vernon’s face worked furiously. The idea of being taughtconsideration by a man who had just blasted away half his livingroom wall seemed to be causing him intense suffering. But Mr.Weasley’s wand was still in his hand, and Uncle Vernon’s tiny eyesdarted to it once, before he said, very resentfully, “Good-bye, then.
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Wherever You Go, There You Are: Mindfulness Meditation in Everyday Life|Most people can hardly imagine what it would be like to be at peace with inner disturbance. But if you do not learn to be comfortable with it, you will devote your life to avoiding it. If you feel insecurity, it's just a feeling. You can handle a feelin. If you feel embarrassed, it's just a feeling. It's just a part of creation. If you feel jealousy and your heart burns, just look at it objectively, like you would a mild bruise. It's a thing in the universe that is passing through your system. Laugh at it, have fun with it, but don't be afraid of it. It cannot touch you unless you touch it.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Voices of the Night|Art is long, and Time is fleeting.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|We shared ideas like sweaters, with easy exchange and lack of ownership.
Ben Zobrist|As both a scientist and a humanist myself, I have struggled to understand different claims to knowledge, and I have eventually come to a formulation of the kind of religious belief that would, in my view, be compatible with science.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|All of us are not subjected to the same weaknesses and temptations.To one, alcohol may be the temptation;to another, it may be impure thoughts and acts; to another, greed and covetousness; to another, criticism and an unloving attitude.
Thorbjörg Hafsteinsdottir, 10 Years Younger in 10 Weeks|And there’s one other matter I must raise. The epidemic of domestic sexual violence that lacerates the soul of South Africa is mirrored in the pattern of grotesque raping in areas of outright conflict from Darfur to the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and in areas of contested electoral turbulence from Kenya to Zimbabwe. Inevitably, a certain percentage of the rapes transmits the AIDS virus. We don’t know how high that percentage is. We know only that women are subjected to the most dreadful double jeopardy.The point must also be made that there’s no such thing as the enjoyment of good health for women who live in constant fear of rape. Countless strong women survive the sexual assaults that occur in the millions every year, but every rape leaves a scar; no one ever fully heals.This business of discrimination against and oppression of women is the world’s most poisonous curse. Nowhere is it felt with greater catastrophic force than in the AIDS pandemic. This audience knows the statistics full well: you’ve chronicled them, you’ve measured them, the epidemiologists amongst you have disaggregated them. What has to happen, with one unified voice, is that the scientific community tells the political community that it must understand one incontrovertible fact of health: bringing an end to sexual violence is a vital component in bringing an end to AIDS.The brave groups of women who dare to speak up on the ground, in country after country, should not have to wage this fight in despairing and lonely isolation. They should hear the voices of scientific thunder. You understand the connections between violence against women and vulnerability to the virus. No one can challenge your understanding. Use it, I beg you, use it.
Douglas B. Reeves, Leading Change in Your School: How to Conquer Myths, Build Commitment, and Get Results|Behavior precedes belief - that is, most people must engage in a behavior before they accept that it is beneficial; then they see the results, and then they believe that it is the right thing to do....implementation precedes buy-in; it does not follow it.
David Halberstam, The Powers That Be|He could tune her, bringing out her better instincts and filtering out her lesser ones.
Madeline Miller, The Song of Achilles|She wants you to be a god," I told him."I know." His face twisted with embarrassment, and in spite of itself my heart lightened. It was such a boyish response. And so human. Parents, everywhere.
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|There was no sudden, striking, and emotional transition. Like the warming of a room or the coming of daylight. When you first notice them they have already been going on for some time.
Laura Fraser, An Italian Affair|She suddenly remembered studying the brain in science class- how a steel rod pierced a man's skull, and he opened his mouth to speak Portuguese, a language he'd never studied. Maybe it would be like this, now, for Josie. Maybe her native tongue, from here on in, would be a string of lies.
J.C. Reed, The Lover's Game|In life there might be rules. In love there are no exceptions to those rules. No one is spared from heartbreak. We all suffer it at some point or another. You simply can't control who you love and in particular, you can't control what kind of person they are.
Christine Teigen|As far as luxury goes, about the only thing I do is... I go first class all the way. I live on the road, so when I'm out there, I'm getting the nice hotel suite, I'm getting the luxury car, I'm eating the good food, and I make sure I take care of myself on the road.
Billy Beane|I urge you children to be patient with your parents. If they seem to be out of touch on such vital issues as dating, clothing styles, modern music, and use of family cars, listen to them anyway. They have the experience that you lack.
Debby Ryan|The truth is the Super Bowl long ago became more than just a football game. It's part of our culture like turkey at Thanksgiving and lights at Christmas, and like those holidays beyond their meaning, a factor in our economy.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we believe in the Blessed Saviour, we shall be saved.
Ben Hopkins|Every collection that I work on, I always think, Is this cool enough to wear to a concert?
Leon Uris|My mother phones daily to ask  "Did you just try to reach me?" When I reply no  she adds  "So  if you're not too busy  call me while I'm still alive " . . . and hangs up.
Julie Ann Walker, Devil and the Deep|Whenever she was in his arms, she forgot she even had a name.
Charles Wheelan, 10 1/2 Things No Commencement Speaker Has Ever Said|Obituaries are just like biographies, only shorter. They remind us that interesting, successful people rarely lead orderly, linear lives. I defy you to find a single obituary that begins, "Jane Doe won the Nobel Prize in large part because she was admitted to a prestigious, highly selective preschool. After that, everything just kind of fell into place." Instead, you will read about dead ends, lucky coincidences, quirky habits, excessive self-confidence (often interspersed with bursts of excessive self-doubt), and a lot of passion for something.
Dani Shapiro, Still Writing: The Perils and Pleasures of a Creative Life|If we are artists- hell, whether or not we're artists- it is our job, our responsibility, perhaps even our sacred calling, to take whatever life has handed us and make something new, something that wouldn't have existed if not for the fire, the genetic mutation, the sick baby, the accident.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Life is fundamentally a mental state. We live in a dream world that we create. Whose life is truer, the rational man of action pursuing practical goals of personal happiness and wealth or the philosophic man who lives in a world of theoretical and metaphysical ideas? We ascribe the value quotient to our lives by making decisions that we score as either valid or invalid based upon our personal ethics and how we think and behave.
Christian Nestell Bovee|You may be sure that the Americans will commit all the stupidities they can think of, plus some that are beyond imagination.
Santonu Kumar Dhar|The moment I close my eyes, I see you and sleep vanishes. I’m awake the entire night, revisiting ourmemories together. The night seems to stretch on forever.
Kimberly Dean, Ride of Her Life|Mae West had it right—try anything once, do it again if you like it.
Sarah Waters|The day had begun to feel tinny: a pretend day, a dream day, that for some unaccountable reason she had to go on and on with as if it were real.
Sybil MacBeth, Praying in Color: Drawing a New Path to God|Since words elude me when I need them most, I learned long ago that I cannot count on QUALITY time with God when I want to pray. I need QUANTITY and regularity. Quality is not something I can predict. My husband, Andy, and I might schedule an elaborate evening out with candles and a gourmet meal, but there is no guarantee that we'll have a wonderful time together -- chopping onions peppers die by side in the kitchen, reading together on the couch, sitting on the front step watching our sons ride bikes, and making plans for our life together. 
Richard Ford, The Sportswriter|Some things can't be explained. They just are. And after a while they disappear, usually forever, or become interesting in another way. Literature's consolations are always temporary, while life is quick to begin again. It is better not even to look so hard, to leave off explaining. Nothing makes me more queasy than to spend time with people who don't know that and who can't forget, and for whom such knowledge isn't a cornerstone of life.
Coolio|Hierarchical formulations died because their wedding cake levels posited a multiply fractured cosmos that does not match the Space Age revelation of a unified universe in which the earth is clearly in, rather than separated from, the heavens. Hierarchical representations do not reflect what either the world or we are like.
Clement Clarke Moore|I think that it's fun to get the script and open it like a Christmas present. That's 'Alcatraz' or anything that I'm working on. If the groundwork has been laid too much, the surprises aren't there.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self-Reliance and Other Essays|Misunderstood! It is a right fool's word. Is it so bad then to be misunderstood? Pythagoras was misunderstood, and Socrates, and Jesus, and Luther, and Copernicus, and Galileo, and Newton, and every pure and wise spirit that ever took flesh. To be great is to be misunderstood.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|The woman who realizes that she is bound by a million Lilliputian threads in an attitude of impotence and hatred masquerading as tranquility and love has no option but to run away, if she is not to be corrupted and extinguished utterly.
Jennifer Estep, Widow’s Web|I used to murder people for money, but these days it’s more of a survival technique.
James     Baldwin, Giovanni's Room|There are women who have forgotten that to be a woman doesn't simply mean humiliation, doesn't simply mean bitterness. I haven't forgotten it yet...I'm not going to forget it.
Ami Riechman-Bennett|Be sure there's a lantern,however it's gonna darking,give up being cautious about future,do what u should do,and remember Allah is beside u.
Jason Micheal Ratliff|You attain happiness not by gaining, but by giving.
Dionne Warwick|A wife lasts only for the length of the marriage, but an ex-wife is there for the rest of your life.
Mike D|Patience is the most necessary quality for business, many a man would rather you heard his story than grant his request.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|On the edge of timelessness, hand in hand with you, a sea of flowers caressed.
Wale|I've been in love with the same woman for forty-one years. If my wife finds out, she'll kill me.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|They copied my product, they copied my strategies yet they failed miserably in the business, because they couldn't copy my professionalism.
Deyth Banger|Don't say bullshit, don't lie what you saw in the film The Seasoning you will do it, I will do it and many other people. It was a fact which was true, but it was out of the stage, who has written it knows a lot of about it, if you meet such person, try to get everything make notes and probably like some kind a book or make an a article about this. Because a lot of people are behind such story..., but you are to young to understand and to stupid to find it.
Cesar Millan|I'll believe it if I see it" for dogs translates to "I'll believe it if I smell it." So don't bother yelling at them; it's the energy and scent they pay attention to, not your words.
Santino Hassell, Evenfall|What am I, your wife?' Boyd asked him, highly amused.Sin seemed to consider that for a moment. 'You would need to exchange bodies with my new boss for that. You can be my slave instead.'Boyd could not help a startled laugh at that. 'I don't know if I like the idea of being your slave,' he informed him with one eyebrow arched in challenge. 'The very nature of that relationship would imply I get no compensation and I just can't agree to that.''You get to be in my presence. That should be sufficient compensation.
Debasish Mridha|This universe belongs to those who know how to see, feel, and love the beauty of life and the universe.
T. S. Eliot|The framers of our Constitution meant we were to have freedom of religion, not freedom from religion.
Julius Malema|When a woman didn't enjoy it, she leaves early in the morning. Those who had a nice time will wait until the sun comes out, requests breakfast and taxi money. In the morning that lady requested breakfast and taxi money. You don't ask for taxi money from somebody who raped you.
Mark Twain|When you talk with people, one of the arguments they'll throw back at you is that the climate has always changed, and that is absolutely right. It's the rate of change that is the problem right now. It's changing so quickly that it exceeds the adaptive capacity of some species.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|Still, though, I can't be sure if the zoo as I recall it was really like that. How can I put it? I sometimes feel that it's too vivid, if you know what I mean. And when I start having thoughts like this, the more I think about it, the less I can tell how much of the vividness is real and how much of it my imagination has invented. I feel as if I've wandered into a labyrinth. Has that ever happened to you?
Randy Alcorn|Our worst misfortunes never happen, and most miseries lie in anticipation.
M. Starks, Remember Me|Memories are't like words; they're soft and gooey. Covered with a sticky slime, like a penis after sex, or your vagina when you menstruate, and shaped like tadpoles or tiny watersnakes
Greg Gutfeld|I find there's this weird anger thing: Someone will approach me at the bar and say, 'Hey, can I buy you a drink?' And I'll say, 'No, I'm okay.' And then all of a sudden, there's this male anger flip, where they go, 'Oh, you know what? I wasn't even gonna buy you a drink, 'cause you're not even that cute anyway,' and walk away.
Anthony Liccione|Because you’re not a one-night girl, Irish.” (...) “You’re my forever girl.
Amy Jarecki, The Highland Duke|She moved her hips, his manhood sliding between her wet thighs, rekindling the hot craving at her very core. “How can I bring you pleasure?
Gerhard Casper|The good news is that as fragile as fearlessness may be, it is also a personal quality that we can foster in ourselves.
Eduardo Galeano|I have never killed anybody, it is true, but it is because I lacked the courage or the time, not because I lacked the desire
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Demons|Life operates exactly like the Star Wars prequels. It’s boring, bloated, painful when it shouldn’t be, and lacks a cohesive storyline. And ultimately, it only exists to boost the ego of its creator.
Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works|Language-lovers know that there is a word for every fear. Are you afraid of wine? Then you have oenophobia. Tremulous about train travel? You suffer from siderodromophobia. Having misgivings about your mother-in-law is pentheraphobia, and being petrified of peanut butter sticking to the roof of your mouth is arachibutyrophobia. And then there’s Franklin Delano Roosevelt’s affliction, the fear of fear itself, or phobophobia.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Mad Hatter: “Why is a raven like a writing-desk?”“Have you guessed the riddle yet?” the Hatter said, turning to Alice again.“No, I give it up,” Alice replied: “What’s the answer?”“I haven’t the slightest idea,” said the Hatter
Flemming Rose|If a believer demands that I, as a nonbeliever, observe his taboos in the public domain, he is not asking for my respect, but for my submission.
Electa Graham, Blood and Loss|Aspire to high standards, expect strong results, offer self praise, and stack your confidence.
|Even the top motivational speakers and inspirational writers are constantly reading books from other self-improvement people, because they truly understand that knowledge has no limit to it.
Michael Thomas Sunnarborg, The White Box Club Handbook: Simple Tools For Career Transition|Expressing our feelings out loud, especially to someone else, can bring a sense of relief. There is power in proclamation.
Ta-Nehisi Coates|To boost bonding among others so they are more apt to work (or play) well together, ask them, when together, to do two powerfully simple things that can be done rather quickly:1. Write down the ways they are like each other. Hint: Create a level playing field. Writing rather than immediately sharing helps slow thinkers keep up with fast thinkers. Fast thinkers aren't smarter, just different in their thinking processes, and each kind has advantages and pitfalls, so they can accomplish more together than when a majority in a group think and speak at the same speed. Hint: Salespeople are often fast thinkers.2. Share with each other what they wrote, going around the circle, one by one.Bonus benefit: Other studies show that when you reflect on how you are similar to those with whom you are talking, you pay more attention to them. You care about them more. That spurs the other person to listen more closely to you.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Silmarillion|It is said by the Eldar that in water there lives yet the echo of the Music of the Ainur more than in any substance that is in this Earth; and many of the Children of Ilúvatar hearken still unsated to the voices of the Sea, and yet know not for what they listen.
Alex George, Setting Free the Kites|Sometimes life-changing moments slip by unnoticed, their significance only becoming apparent in the light of subsequent events.
Sunday Adelaja, Insulted by Ungodliness: Raising a Generation of the Provoked in Every Nation|When you see injustice among the nations, you will find out that the root cause is covetousnes.
Jodi Ann Bickley, One Million Lovely Letters: When Life is Looking Hopeless, One Inspirational Letter Can Change Your Life Forever|You cannot, ever, give up on a friend who is close to giving up on themselves
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Deity|Huh," said Percy. "Never seen Jason fly before. He looks like a blond superman.
Steven Hall, The Unwritten, Vol. 3: Dead Man's Knock|Dante Alighieri wrote his first book in the prosimetrum genre – La Vita Nuova – in 14th century Florence. Since I’m compiling this collection – my first indie publication – in Florence, just blocks from Dante’s house, and since his book involves a lost love, and ‘A New Life,’ I thought it fitting to emulate this style in my own casual, intuitive fashion. My hope is that the juxtaposition of poems, journal entries, essays and prose will create a story; a memoir in anarchistic vignettes.
Fidel Castro|The United States brags about its political system, but the President says one thing during the election, something else when he takes office, something else at midterm and something else when he leaves.
Jacklyn A. Lo|I prayed to you, Cas. Every night.
Oscar Wilde, De Profundis|I never wanted but your heart--that gone, you have nothing more to give.
Lee Strobel|The irony is that if we make every imperative into a command to believe the gospel more fully, we turn the gospel into one more thing we have to get right, and faith becomes the one thing we need to be better at.
Anuranjita Kumar, Can I have it all?|When you give yourself fully with your mind and body to a mission, you can get more than 100% returns.
Hugh Hefner|The whole process of being one of the 10 finalists for the 'Vogue' Fashion Fund award has to be my biggest achievement to date. Meeting Anna Wintour, Diane von Furstenberg, etc., has been an amazing experience that even now gives me goose bumps when I think about it.
Alex London|When you lose someone, it stays with you. Always reminding you of how easy it is to get hurt.
Rachel Sklar|Science fiction was rocket-mad for about 40 years until aerospace hit a brick wall about 1970. I would not write off space colonisation or exploration completely, but we are profoundly ill adapted for going boldly into outer space.
Ally Condie, Reached|Inside me are the real things that give me strength—my thoughts, the small stones of my own choosing. They tumble in my mind, some polished from frequent turning, some new and rough, some that cut.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|Don’t you see? You and he might never cross paths again. Of course, a chance meeting could occur, and I hope it happens. I really do, for your sake. But realistically speaking, you have to see there’s a huge possibility you’ll never be able to meet him again. And even if you do meet, he might already be married to somebody else. He might have two kids. Isn’t that so? And in that case, you may have to live the rest of your life alone, never being joined with the one person you love in all the world. Don’t you find that scary?
Jim Butcher, Fool Moon|The moon, our own, earthly moon is bitterly lonely, because it is alone in the sky, always alone, and there is no one to turn to, no one to turn to it. All it can do is ache across the weightless airy ice, across thousands of versts, toward those who are equally lonely on earth, and listen to the endless howling of dogs. (“A Story About The Most Important Thing”)
Hannah Arendt, Crises of the Republic: Lying in Politics, Civil Disobedience, On Violence, and Thoughts on Politics and Revolution|Oddly enough, the only person likely to be an ideal victim of complete manipulation is the President of the United States. Because of the immensity of his job, he must surround himself with advisers, the "National Security Managers", as they have been recently called by Richard Barnet, who "exercise their power chiefly by filtering the information that reaches the President and interpreting the outside world for him".
Vivian Elisabeth Glyck, 12 Lessons on Life I Learned from My Garden: Spiritual Guidance from the Vegtable Patch|On game days, I could be in the worst mood imagiable-a really bad mood. But sometimes, I'd get a call from the Make-A-Wish Foundation-there would be people, sometimes kids, who anted to meet me before they died. And the foundation would call on a game day and say, "There's kid dying here whose last wish is to see you. Can you just come and see him?" I'd get there and sometimes the kid would be comatose. One day, a kid woke up for a split second and smiled at me. I was told he'd been hanging on. The mom and dad called me later and said, "I don't know what yu did to him, but those few moments were wonderful." And I cried all the way to the game, just cried my eyes out.It's very scary. It's uplifting, too, but so scary. And then... I'm bitching because my breakfast is cold?
Louise Erdrich, The Master Butchers Singing Club|A wind blew, and the sand around his drawing scattered. He wrapped his fingers inside his wife's, and Father Time rekindled a connection he had only ever had with her. He surrendered to that sensation and felt the final drops of their lives touch one another, like water in a cave, top meets bottom, Heaven meets Earth.As their eyes closed, a different set of eyes opened, and they rose from the ground as a shared south, up and up, a sun and a moon in a single sky.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|They ought to find out how to vaccinate for love, like smallpox.
B. Dave Walters|There is no need to worry about whether you are capable of manifesting what you want. The truth is, the universe already is providing you exactly what you have asked.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning|First, I prepare. Then I have faith.
Eric Metaxas, Miracles: What They Are, Why They Happen, and How They Can Change Your Life|Praying to God involves both us and God. God wants us to participate in what he is doing, and for sure one of the main ways we participate in what he is doing is by prayer. We can also participate in what he is doing by feeding the hungry and helping the poor and caring for the sick and giving of our resources to those who have little. God wants us to partner with him. So there is a paradox at work, and a mystery. On the one hand, the Bible says that apart from God we can do nothing. And yet, on the other hand, God invites us to do some things with him. This is at the heart of the mystery of prayer. God wants us to use our faith and to pray. But we can focus so much on the importance of our faith and our prayers that we forget about God and think it is our faith and our prayers that perform the miracle, rather than the God to whom we pray and in whom we have faith as we pray.
William Wordsworth|Life is like a trumpet - if you don't put anything into it, you don't get anything out of it.
Roy Barnes|Character may be manifested in the great moments, but it is made in the small ones.
Søren Kierkegaard|Meet every man as you find him, for we're all made the same under habit, robe or rags. Some better made than others, and some better cared for, but on the same pattern, all.
Arthur Wing Pinero|While there is tea, there is hope.")
Anne Rice, Interview with the Vampire|She feels lonely all the time, she wants to be accepted, by anyone, on any terms, but she feels apart. As if nobody who really got to know her would trust her.
Jeffrey R. Anderson, The Nature of Things - Navigating Everyday Life with Grace|Cruelty, whether physical or emotional, isn't normal. It may signal what psychologists call the dark triad of psychopathic, narcissistic and Machiavellian personality disorders. One out of about every 25 individuals has an antisocial personality disorder. Their prognosis for recovery is zero, their potential for hurting you about 100 percent. So don't assume that a vicious person just had a difficult childhood or a terrible day; most people with awful childhoods end up being empathetic, and most people, even on their worst days, don't seek satisfaction by inflicting pain. When you witness evil, if only the tawdry evil of a conversational stiletto twist, use your ninjutsu, wait for a distraction, then disappear.
Robin Sloan, Mr. Penumbra's 24-Hour Bookstore|A combination of fine tea, enchanting objects and soothing surroundings exerts a therapeutic effect by washing away the corrosive strains and stress of modern life. [... It] induces a modd that is spiritually refreshing [and produces] a genial state of mind.
James McAvoy|There are African-American families around this country - a large, large number of African-American families - that operate out of complete fear that their kids are going to be taken from them and will do anything to prevent that.
Erlend Loe, Naïve. Super|I still don't know if things fit together, or if everything will be all right in the end. But I believe that something means something. I believe in cleansing the soul through fun and games. I also believe in love. And I have several good friends, and just one bad one.
Albert Camus, A Happy Death|He marveled at the strange blindness by which men, though they are so alert to what changes in themselves, impose on their friends an image chosen for them once and for all. He was being judged by what he had been. Just as dogs don't change character, men are dogs for one another.
Soren Kierkegaard|If the truth contradicts deeply held beliefs, that is too bad.
R. Lee Smith, The Wizard in the Woods|Aisling tumbled out, his gold eyes going wild about the room to take in all of them. His beak clicked as he worked it in silence. Then, as the breaking of ice may bring a cascade of water from winter’s falls, the griffin’s voice—no longer that small shrill copy of Taryn’s, but his own true voice—poured plaintively from him. “Mom!”Taryn jerked around, her mouth dropping open.Aisling bounded toward her and she swept him up into a tight embrace. He clutched at her shoulders with his talons, burying his head under her chin, and cried, “Mom! Yoo…rrrrr…oh…kay!”“Great gods,” Antilles heard himself say and he shot Tonka a startled glance. “He cannot be speaking?!”The horseman merely smiled. “And why not?” he murmured, resettling himself on his padded bolster. “For has he not been a miracle from the very first?”“You’re talking,” Taryn cried, true delight painting itself over the grief that had seemed to mask her since the dawning of this terrible day. She was radiant once more, burning with a joy and a healing light all its own as she hugged her griffin close. “Oh, my fierce prince! My big boy!”“Yoo…rrrr…Ai-sing,” whispered the griffin. His raptor’s eyes flicked to Antilles and his naked wings fluttered. “Tilly. Yoo…rrrr…sun-shy?”Taryn giggled, her face pressed to fur.“Aye, lad,” Antilles said, tossing his broken horn. “My sun and my moon and all my starry skies.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Never complain, pray for strength to overcome the difficulty.
David King, Death in the City of Light: The Serial Killer of Nazi-Occupied Paris|She leaned forward and whispered sensuously in his ear, 'I am Lilith and you are mine now - forever.
Jordan Silver, Broken|KYLE: ... no way in h*ll he’s getting away with short changing you.”KERRYANNE: But like you said, I don’t need it so why?KYLE: Because it’s rightfully yours sweetheart.
Mehmet Murat ildan|My duty, I know, is to lead. I cannot offer an array of options. I must offer a long but narrow path to Salvation, and guide the Saints down it. Were that path wide and varied, it would lead nowhere; and I will then have failed both God and man.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|If only mankind could hold its own fertility in awe, which is one and the same whether it manifests itself in the spirit or in the flesh. For creativity in the spirit has its origins in the physical kind, is of one nature with it and only a more delicate, more rapt and less fleeting version of the carnal sort of sex.
Joan Didion, Blue Nights|We still counted happiness and health and love and luck and beautiful children as "ordinary blessings.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|A single gentle rain makes the grass many shades greener. So our prospects brighten on the influx of better thoughts. We should be blessed if we lived in the present always, and took advantage of every accident that befell us, like the grass which confesses the influence of the slightest dew that falls on it; and did not spend our time in atoning for the neglect of past opportunities, which we call doing our duty. We loiter in winter while it is already spring.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|I drink to the general joy o’ the whole table." Macbeth
Guru Nanak|Let God's grace be the mosque, and devotion the prayer mat. Let the Quran be the good conduct.
Hermann Hesse, Demian. Die Geschichte von Emil Sinclairs Jugend|Just because you feel lost doesn't mean that you're doing something wrong. Feeling certain that you are correct in every decision and situation is an addiction. If you think that the journey of self-discovery will bring you more solid facts and certainties about yourself and the world, you will be frustrated. The more you see, the more lost you will feel. That is natural. The more you discover of yourself, the more confused you will become. This is natural. The wiser you get, the more you will see that there are many paths walked by just as many people, and that just because yours is different from someone else's doesn't mean one of you is wrong. This is natural. Over time, you will develop humility, compassion, and a higher tolerance for confusion. If you allow the feeling of being lost to drive you into a search for absolute truths and correct answers, you may feel more secure when you get there, but in reality, you will be taking a step back. Allow yourself to be lost, and you will see so much more of the forest of your soul than if you beeline back for the trail. Explore. Get lost. Embrace the inevitability of confusion.
Catherine of Siena|Heaven might shine bright, but so do flames.
Sorin Cerin|We are certainly descendents of the sea for our tears are salted and when we shed them on the jowl of time, the sea that has always been within us flows on our face. 
Robin Wasserman|So many people try to grow up too fast, and it's not fun! You should stay a kid as long as possible!
Michael          Murphy, Little Squirrels Can Climb Tall Trees|To all the ladies:" I don't like to be in ladies who judges you by every joke you made, sometimes I do good sometimes bad, don't laugh for me laugh for yourself if you really got it.; Otherwise I'm pretty happy with my own version. ;)
Theodore Roosevelt, Strenuous Life|Far better it is to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs, even though checkered by failure, than to take rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy much nor suffer much, because they live in the gray twilight that knows neither victory nor defeat.
John Fowles, The Collector|People won't admit it, they're too busy grabbing to see that the lights have fused. They can't see the darkness and the spider-face beyond and the great web of it all. That there's always this if you scratch at the surface of happiness and goodness.The black and the black and the black.
Auliq Ice|You fall flat on your face, and it's not the first time you've done it, Never let your past press you down.
Ace Antonio Hall|November 20th, 2013. A new beginning. A new day. Reborn. Time to grow. Hello world! I am yours. Feed me, I am full of curiosity. Awakened.
Courtney Vail, Kings & Queens|Crap. I was hopin’ all things ugly had been raptured, but you’re still muckin’ up the planet.”“We must share the same faith, honey. ’Cause beauty checked out when you showed up.
Danielle James, Redemption|God? We don't know what He's like. But at least now that we're dead we all know we don't know, whereas on Earth we all thought we knew, and those who didn't know didn't know that they knew they didn't know. They didn't find that out till they'd been here in purgatory for a while. Now we all know we don't know. Even the angels.
Henrik Ibsen, The Vikings of Helgeland|Often a man endures for several years, submits and suffers the cruellest punishments, and then suddenly breaks out over some minute trifle, almost nothing at all.
Joshua Foer|My dad is a very quick-witted, sarcastic, dry, humorous guy, whereas my mom's very silly, and that side of the family is very musical.
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|Twenty-five years ago I made my vow to love you and to live with you wherever you went," she whispered. "Since you're bound to go, I'd best keep my promise.
T.L. Martin, Touched by Death|You understand what I’m telling you, Tommy? You have a light inside you, and the only person who gets to decide whether that light shines or not is you.
Dean Koontz, Deeply Odd|Every journey has a destination, known or unknown.
Jason Medina, A Ghost In New Orleans|He could have been invisible and it wouldn’t have made a difference to them. He didn’t care, so long as he felt at ease, which was his original intention. He wasn’t there to make friends, nor did he want to.
Shivam Chaudhary, An Intellectual|The Universe, solitude, passion, and recognition won't ever let you hate your life. Try to be as close to them as possible.
Luigi Pirandello, Six Characters in Search of an Author|Why are you so anxious to destroy in the name of a vulgar, commonplace sense of truth, this reality which comes to birth attracted and formed by the magic of the stage itself, which has indeed more right to live here than you, since it is much truer than you -- if you don't mind my saying so?
Stephanie Witter, Fix Up|I hope you brought your handcuffs," she added. "I won't go quietly.""I might use them anyway, for fun," he answered, remembering the sensation of her warm lips against his.
Bee Ridgway, The River of No Return|Sex only makes people more like themselves. A powerful, secretive woman becomes only more powerful and more secretive in the throes of passion.
Sara Sheridan|No matter what you do, you are that girl. It's how you become that girl that matters.
Mark Rothko|Now I've been criticized for advocating that people push their boundaries because sometimes people get caught. Sometimes people get fired. Sometimes people lose their jobs because of pushing the boundaries too far, but it's an interesting experience. They found they didn't want to stay within those limitations that they were pushing. Once people find they can survive outside the limits, they're much happier. They don't want to feel trapped. So I think we can urge people to push the boundaries as far as they can, and if they get in trouble, fine; that's not too bad if that's what they want to do.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, N for Nigger: Aphorisms for Grown Children and Childish Grown-ups|For the most expensive way to realize an orgasm, men open their wallets. For the cheapest, they close their eyes.
Martha Washington|The greater part of our happiness or misery depends upon our dispositions, and not upon our circumstances.
Belinda Jeffrey, One Long Thread|You see, there was this man, and he was a good man; he worked hard and did everything to the best of his ability. All he desired was for the most beautiful woman in the kingdom to be his wife. Now this wasn't all bad because she actually loved him too--very much so--but this vizier, he wanted her as well and not for so noble a cause as love.""What did he want her for?"Yashar paused for a moment. "So that people could look at him and say, 'He must be a great man to have such a beautiful wife.'""Oh. I thought he wanted her for sex," said Colby, disappointed.
Colleen Hoover, Confess|It was the best first kiss in the history of first kisses. It was as sweet as sugar. And it was warm, as warm as pie. The whole world opened up and I fell inside. I don't know where I was, but I didn't care. I didn't care because the only person who mattered was there with me.
Kim Harrison, A Fistful of Charms|I'm not talking about the blood ecstasy. I'm talking about my being able to fill that emotion void she has. You know her as well as I do, maybe better. She aches with it. She needs to be accepted for who she is so badly. And I was able to do that. Do you know good that felt? To be able to show someone that, yes, you are someone worth sacrificing for? That you like them for their faults and that you respect them for their ability to rise above them?
Lisa Jey Davis, Getting Over Your Ovaries: How to Make 'The Change of Life' Your Bitch|You can do this (this thing, where your body will cease to produce hormones and your skin, hair, muscles and bones... basically every part of you will notice, go into withdrawals, and stage a coup). Be prepared for this mentally, and you'll own this "thing.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|Always know that you are being held accountable for your actions, by your friends, family, coworkers, and most importantly, by God. Lead by example and build a team of successful people around you. By being the dependable person, success is naturally attracted to you.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Although the Bible is a living book, it will not jump into your palms pleading, "Read me please". You've to make a choice to do so!
L.J. Greene, Ripple Effects|I pulled back and stared up into his eyes. "You're gettin' very deep on me."Alec's hands gripped my behind. "I'll be getting very deep in you if you keep looking at me like that
Harold Bloom|What happened is, when I was doing 'Taxi,' the last year, we did this thing where we had on top hats and tails, and we pretended to tap-dance. And I said to myself, 'You know, I always wanted to know how to do this.' So I got myself a teacher, and I started studying, and I got hooked.
Ortega y Gasset|The past ignorance has great lessons for us in our present day. Until we take real lessons from the past ignorance which led us into our present situation, we shall always see shadows of the past in the present.
Philip Yancey, Prayer: Does It Make Any Difference?|God formed an alliance based on the world as it is, full of flaws, whereas prayer calls God to account for the world as it should be.
Fennel Hudson, Fine Things - Fennel's Journal - No. 8|Things today ‘sure ain’t like they used to be’. They’ve changed, moved on, progressed.
Jerry Mooney, History Yoghurt and the Moon|The thing about life, about change, is there are always lessons. Some are subtle, others not, and sometimes it takes being ripped out of your comfort zone to finally get it—then it’s transformative.
Russell Gold|Seems like people always want to think they're doomed. It brings them some kind of black comfort, I guess.Nate
Imran Amed|Reading was very important to me as a kid. It was very inspirational to me. I went to a school where that wasn't encouraged so much, but my parents encouraged that, and it has made me part of who I am.
Donna Lynn Hope|Darling, if I take your breath away, I will give you mine.
Sue London, Saving Persephone|Just give me a chance. I know I'm not your first, and I'll somehow try to deal if I'm not your last. Just give me the honor of being able to say I shared part of my life and my heart with you. Just...leap.
Noam Chomsky, Profit Over People: Neoliberalism and Global Order|Millions for defense, but not one cent for survival.
Dee Tenorio, 10 Ways To Steal Your Lover|I want you, Delilah Anne. Never doubt that. I want a life with you. With your voice and your touch and your thoughts and your arguments. I want your grace and your mistakes and your promises and your everything, all twisted up with mine. I want it so bad that I feel like I can’t breathe whenever I think about being without you.
Aristotle|What's that?""The laundry basket?""No, next to it.""I don't see anything next to it.""It's my last shred of dignity. It's very small.
Allison Hoover Bartlett, The Man Who Loved Books Too Much: The True Story of a Thief, a Detective, and a World of Literary Obsession|It had a crisp paper jacket, unlike the paper-covered library books I was used to, and the way the pages parted, I could tell I was the first to open it ... I valued that half-dream state of being lost in a book so much that I limited the number of pages I let myself read each day in order to put off the inevitable end, my banishment from that world. I still do this. 
Bernie Mac|Humor works, and it's the best way to get attention without spending a lot of money.
Adam Phillips Going Sane|Like the 'good' characters in literature, the sane don't have any memorable lines.
Caitlín R. Kiernan, Threshold|As you might expect, the geographical location of the capital of Fairyland is fickle and has a rather short temper. I'm afraid the whole thing moves around according to the needs of narrative.'September put her persimmon down in the long grass. 'What in the world does that mean?''I ... I SUSPECT it means that if we ACT like the kind of folk who would find a Fairy city whilst on various adventures involving tricksters, magical shoes, and hooliganism, it will come to us.'September blinked. 'Is that how things are done here?''Isn't that how they're done in your world?'September thought for a long moment. She thought of how children who acted politely were often treated as good and trustworthy, even if they pulled your hair and made fun of your name when grownups weren't around. She thought of how her father acted like a soldier, strict and plain and organized -- and how the army came for him. She thought of how her mother acted strong and happy even when she was sad, and so no one offered to help her, to make casseroles or watch September after school or come over for gin rummy and tea. And she thought of how she had acted just like a child in a story about Fairyland, discontent and complaining, and how the Green Wind had come for her, too.'I suppose that is how things are done in my world. It's hard to see it, though, on the other side.
Shay Dawkins, iSin: Upgrade To Life Version 2.0|You should have a little “too much personality,” be a little “too focused” on your goals, be a little “too different,” be a little “too confident,” take “too many” chances, go after your dreams a little “too much,” be a little “too strong,” be a little “TOO RELENTLESS” in the PURSUIT of WHAT YOU WANT, and be a little “TOO PASSIONATE” about the LOVE you feel towards YOUR LIFE and your TEAMMATES so that YOU begin to FEEL a little “TOO ALIVE!” AYYYYYY!
Dalai Lama XIV|The topic of compassion is not at all religious business; it is important to know it is human business, it is a question of human survival.
Marine Le Pen|Theatre is a must for actors. They should try it at least once. It makes you disciplined, teaches you to respect your work, and boosts your confidence as an actor.
Steve Harvey|I feel like, if there's an elephant in the room, I'd really like to start off by introducing the elephant in the room. And sometimes it's funny.
Anne Rice, Pandora|Oh to have you with me, to have you here, not to be alone, but to be with you, my beauty, you of all souls! You.
Maria Augusta von Trapp, The Story of the Trapp Family Singers|Music- what a powerful instrument, what a mighty weapon!
Ehsan Sehgal|Mostly the beauty has the dangerous, suspicious, untrusting, and even vanity waves in it, and that indeed, prevail too.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Courage to me is doing something daring, no matter how afraid, insecure, intimidated, alone, unworthy, incapable, ridiculed or whatever other paralyzing emotion you might feel. Courage is taking action....no matter what.  So you're afraid? Be afraid.  Be scared silly to the point you're trembling and nauseous, but do it anyway!
Azar Nafisi, Reading Lolita in Tehran|For sorrow ends not, when it seemeth done.
Denis de Rougemont, Love in the Western World|Neither bend from sorrows of the past, Nor be anxious about future or get excited in the present.Past, present and future are all manifested in AUM- the Self;Which combines all three energies, Material, mental and sleep, in unison.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|To be successful, one has to be one of three bees - the queen bee, the hardest working bee, or the bee that does not fit in.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When you reached the summit, you will see that you are still tiny!
Jenny Hubbard, Paper Covers Rock|But when I close my eyes, I'm more like THIS under the surface: I'm laughing and scheming and dreaming.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|The orator yields to the inspiration of a transient occasion, and speaks to the mob, before him, to those who can hear him; but the writer, whose more equable life is his crowd which inspire the orator, speaks to the intellect and heart of mankind, to all in any age who can understand him.
Chuck Palahniuk, Damned|It was hell to be so tired, and still care.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|Nothing unleashes curiosity in an audience like good storytelling. Nothing inspires storytelling, in turn, like the results of curiosity.
Christiane Amanpour|I think leadership is something you earn, more through actions than words.
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|The only difference, apart from heaps of cash, between someone who is wealthy and someone who is poor is having the right mindset and attitude.
Milan Kundera, The Joke|Their message will never be decoded… because people have no patience to listen to it in an age when the accumulation of messages old and new is such that their voices cancel one another out. Today history is no more than a thin thread of the remembered stretching over an ocean of the forgotten, but time moves on, and an epoch of millennia will come which the inextensible memory of the individual will be unable to encompass; whole centuries and millennia will therefore fall away, centuries of painting and music, centuries of discoveries, of battles, of books, and this will be dire, because man will lose the notion of his self, and his history, unfathomable, unencompassable, will shrivel into a few schematic signs destitute of all sense.
Michael  Grant, Hunger|Out of the decisions that we make in life, our Self emerges. What we choose in life is not the thing chosen out there, but oneself.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Weetzie could not even cry and make Kleenex roses. She remembered the day her father, Charlie, had driven away in the smashed yellow T-bird, leaving her mother Brandy-Lynn clutching her flowered robe with one hand and an empty glass in the other, and leaving Weetzie holding her arms crossed over her chest that was taking its time to develope into anything
Voltaire|There are truths which are not for all men, nor for all times.
Lev Grossman, The Magician King|That was the thing about the world: it wasn't that things were harder than you thought they were going to be, it was that they were hard in ways that you didn't expect.
Suze Orman|The most important loan to pay is your student loan. It's more important than your mortgage, car and credit card payments. You cannot discharge student loan debt in the majority of cases.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|You are the observer who watches your emotions as they push, pull and stretch you.
K. Weikel, Hiding Behind A Mask|Whichever path you choose, always know how to quit this path, always know where the exit is because once realised that the path is wrong, it has to be left immediately!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Ask the Creator to direct your thoughts, decisions and actions.
Justin Trudeau|Heroes represent the best of ourselves, respecting that we are human beings. A hero can be anyone from Gandhi to your classroom teacher, anyone who can show courage when faced with a problem. A hero is someone who is willing to help others in his or her best capacity.
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|I could barely even say Will's name. And listening to their tales of family relationships, of thirty-year marriages, shared houses, lives, children, I felt like a fraud. I had been a carer for someone for six months. I'd loved him, and watched him end his life. How could these strangers possibly understand what Will and I had been to each other during that time? How could I explain the way we had so swiftly understood each other, the shorthand jokes, the blunt truths and raw secrets? How could I convey the way those short months had changed the way I felt about everything? The way he had skewed my world so totally that it made no sense without him in it?
|Even though that we were all born to win, but the reality is, only those who are consistent with the right effective actions get to live as winners.
Alexei Maxim Russell|The highest privilege of being a writer is being able to say, 'open your mind to me and I'll take you to another world.
Jason Reitman|Practice hard,Train hard,work hard and Play harder.
J.K. Rowling|Very early on in writing the series, I remember a female journalist saying to me that Mrs Weasley, 'Well, you know, she’s just a mother.' And I was absolutely incensed by that comment. Now, I consider myself to be a feminist, and I’d always wanted to show that just because a woman has made a choice, a free choice to say, 'Well, I’m going to raise my family and that’s going to be my choice. I may go back to a career, I may have a career part time, but that’s my choice.' Doesn’t mean that that’s all she can do. And as we proved there in that little battle, Molly Weasley comes out and proves herself the equal of any warrior on that battlefield.
Madalyn Murray O'Hair|An atheist believes that a hospital should be built instead of a church. An atheist believes that deed must be done instead of prayer said.An atheist strives for involvement in life and not escape into death. He wants disease conquered, poverty vanished, war eliminated.
Ian Thomas Curtis|Reality is only a dream, based on values and well worn principles, whereas the dream goes on forever.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|Peter, you're twelve years old. I'm ten. They have a word for people our age. They call us children and they treat us like mice.
Carol Griglione, Animal Rescue League of Iowa for Love of Cats: A Hands on Journey|Cats aren’t as friendly as they appear: fur, teeth, instinct, selfishness and cunning. Essentially they’re just big rats.
Delia Sherman, The Freedom Maze|His mama beat him with an ugly stick so hard, it gone straight on till his soul.
Nenia Campbell, Bleeds My Desire|Power is a fickle mistress, easy to seduce, but even easier to lose. That's how it works. One moment she is your closest confidant, whispering the secrets of the universe into your ear; the next, she is your vilest oppressor—and once her ears close to your plights you are well and truly screwed.
Lily Blake, Snow White & the Huntsman|Legend has it, dwarves were made to uncover all the riches hidden on earth. Not just golds or precious stones, but the beauty in people's hearts. -Eric
Gerald O. West, Reading Otherwise: Socially Engaged Biblical Scholars Reading with their Local Communities|The real desire [of feminism] is to break away from rationalism, androcentrisim and all forms of philosophy and practices that discriminate against women. The objective is to recover the use of senses, desire, taste, pleasure, pain and the mystery of life. It is a point of view which seeks to reflet with the body, that is, with sensitivity, with sexuality and, finally, with the story of the body itself. ~ Valmar Da Silva in Reading Other-Wise p. 125
Veronica Roth, Divergent|We've all started to put down the virtues of the other factions in the process of bolstering our own. I don't want to do that. I want to be brave, and selfless, and smart, and kind, and honest." He clears his throat. "I continually struggle with kindness.
Katie Kiesler, Because I Love You|Dependence on the Lord is wisdom and self-reliance is foolishness. But dependence on the Lord does not mean laziness, it means prayerful action and patient perseverance...
C. Northcote Parkinson|Time destroys the speculation of men, but it confirms nature.
Judith McNaught, Something Wonderful|In the depth of cold, warm magnetizing feelings,Listen to the sound of love in a happening hug,In deep connection of being human, in an innocent expression.
Paolo Freire|I think that we have to create in ourselves, through critical analysis of our practice, some qualities, some virtues as educators. One of them, for example, is the quality of becoming more and more open to feel the feelings of others, to become so sensitive that we can guess what the group or one person is thinking at that moment.
Michael Hansmeyer|I studied fine arts and architecture, but I decided to move into movie design because I grew up in a small town in the Marche region and spent a lot of time after school in the movie theater.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|It’s true that many overly negative people actually fear letting go of their negativity, and it’s because it has become a part of their identity. If this is the case, make it a smoother transition by releasing and replacing one negative opinion at a time. It certainly is an identity shift, but it’s one that brings greater fulfillment and life satisfaction.
Bernd Heinrich, The Trees in My Forest|Fancy cutting down all those beautiful trees...to make pulp for those bloody newspapers, and calling it civilisation. - Winston Churchill, remarking to his son during a visit to Canada in 1929
Don Roff|o	There’s no way to really preserve a person when they’ve gone and that’s because whatever you write down it’s not the truth, it’s just a story. Stories are all we’re ever left with in our head or on paper: clever narratives put together from selected facts, legends, well edited tall tales with us in the starring roles.
Alin Sav|Forgiving is an ability that can be trained. When you see the results, it´s like a drug.
Neil Gaiman, Fragile Things: Short Fictions and Wonders|In a perfect world, you could fuck people without giving them a piece of your heart. And every glittering kiss and every touch of flesh is another shard of heart you’ll never see again.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|I have considered the impudent accusations of Mr Dawkins with exasperation at his lack of serious scholarship. He has apparently not read the detailed discourses of Count Roderigo of Seville on the exquisite and exotic leathers of the Emperor's boots, nor does he give a moment's consideration to Bellini's masterwork, On the Luminescence of the Emperor's Feathered Hat. We have entire schools dedicated to writing learned treatises on the beauty of the Emperor's raiment, and every major newspaper runs a section dedicated to imperial fashion ... Dawkins arrogantly ignores all these deep philosophical ponderings to crudely accuse the Emperor of nudity ... Until Dawkins has trained in the shops of Paris and Milan, until he has learned to tell the difference between a ruffled flounce and a puffy pantaloon, we should all pretend he has not spoken out against the Emperor's taste. His training in biology may give him the ability to recognize dangling genitalia when he sees it, but it has not taught him the proper appreciation of Imaginary Fabrics.
Pearl Zhu, Digital Valley: Five Pearls of Wisdom to Make Profound Influence|Creativity needs a problem, and the creative person needs a purpose.
Zack Love, The Doorman|One glance he gave, one little smile at parting—it was but for a moment; but therein I read, or thought I read, a meaning that kindled in my heart a brighter flame of hope than had ever yet arisen.
J.J. Semple, The Biology of Consciousness: Case Studies in Kundalini|The atheist might have no proof for the supernatural, but they also have no proof against it. If we start at a neutral position of not knowing, we can't move away from it until we have proof or evidence either way.
W. Bruce Cameron|I don't think my father considered allowing a teenager to follow his dreams was necessarily good parenting, or even parenting. I think he thought I was a teenager with teenage impulses. I'm pretty sure he knew that if he just let me follow those impulses, it would wind up being very expensive and perhaps even life-endangering.
Kim Harrison|I have to save the world tomorrow, and I don't even know what I'm going to wear yet.--Rachel Morgan
John Ruskin|So, you tumbled that wolf you were with?” Mercy was too much a pack animal to take offense at the personal question. She grinned. “How did you know it was me?” “Do I look senile to you?”...“Yes,” Mercy said. “And I'm not doing it again.” If she kept telling herself that, maybe her traitorous body would actually notice and shut up with its demands. The older woman gave her a sour look. “Damn shame. What, you like them prettier?” A snort. “In my day, we liked men who looked like men.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|The broader your knowledge, the bolder you can approach your challenges. Nobody goes to open the door without carrying a key... Knowledge is key; grab it... handle it with care!
L.E. Henderson, Thief of Hades|Here the clouds constantly adjusted like obedient phantoms, so that shadows never lengthened or shortened. At any point in space, Limbo never became any darker or lighter than the moment before.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Avonlea|I've put out a lot of little roots these two years," Anne told the moon, "and when I'm pulled up they're going to hurt a great deal. But it's best to go, I think, and, as Marilla says, there's no good reason why I shouldn't. I must get out all my ambitions and dust them.
Criss Jami, Healology|The last thing Scripture should do is make you blind in the world. Instead, you hear everything, see everything, and feel everything because everything just so happens to point right back to it.
Patricia Highsmith, The Price of Salt|Pleasure can impact your happiness for better or worse, but it is not happiness.
Doris Lessing|Trust no friend without faults, and love a woman, but no angel.
Henry Drummond|Be grateful for the home you have, knowing that at this moment, all you have is all you need.
Julia Quinn, Because of Miss Bridgerton|Oh, come now, you two,” Lady Manston said, “surely it can be no surprise that I have long hoped for an alliance between the Rokesbys and Bridgertons.” “Alliance?” Billie echoed, and all George could think was that it was a terrible, clinical word, one that could never encompass all that he had come to feel for her.
Coco Chanel|The individual has always had to struggle to keep from being overwhelmed by the tribe. If you try it, you will be lonely often, and sometimes frightened. But no price is too high to pay for the privilege of owning yourself.
Zig Ziglar|Your Heavenly Father will help you find the right path as you seek His guidance. Remember though, after you pray you must get off your knees and start doing something positive; head in the right direction! He will send people along the way who will assist you, but you must be doing your part as well.
William James|In order to disprove the assertion that all crows are black, one white crow is sufficient.
Deborah Pardes, Climbing Out from Under: A Handbook for Heartbreak|Take heart now in one true thing: You will gain traction. You will grow upwards even when you think you’ve been slammed back down into that same dark hole. It will start looking like a different hole, one that might still have youcurled up and crying, but that crying will be more transformative than only desperate screams of despair. Your pain can be turned to good account. You’re not alone. You’ve gotthis handbook. Keep us with you.
Hal Sparks|People assume I'm out there having this great life, but money doesn't erase the pain. When you're young you barrel through life, making choices without thinking of repercussions. A few years down the line, you wake up in a certain place and wonder how the hell you got there.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Love"I'm in love with you," he said quietly."Augustus,"I said."I am," he said. He was staring at me, and I could see the corners of his eyes crinkling. "I'm in love with you, and I'm not in the business of denying myself the simple pleasure of saying true things. I'm in love with you, and I know that love is just a shout into the void, and that oblivion is inevitable, and that we're all doomed and that there will come a day when all our labor has been returned to dust, and I know the sun will swallow the only earth we'll ever have, and I am in love with you.""Augustus," I said again, not knowing what else to say. It felt like everything was rising up in me, like I was drowning in this weirdly painful joy, but I couldn't say it back. I couldn't say anything back. I just looked at him and let him look at me until he nodded, lips pursed, and turned away, placing the side of his head against the window.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|The car doesn’t so much drive as float above the road, like we’re making our way to Sydney in a hovercraft.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Jesus Christ is three in one: the way, the truth, and the life.
Brian A. McBride, Dominion|Am I your weakness?""Of course you are.
Maya Angelou|And then it hits me. They already have. They have kiled her father in those wretched mines. They have sat by as she almost starved to death. They have chosen her as a tribute, then made her watch her sister fight to the death in the Games. She has been hurt far worse than I had at the age of twelve. And even that pales in comparison with Rue's life.
Orson Welles|I definitely wanted to earn my freedom. But the primary motivation wasn't making money, but making an impact.
Frederick Douglass|Love is not all about loving everything perfect, it is when someones corrosive nature is the only thing that glues you to them which you wished it were never there.
Yvon Chouinard, Let My People Go Surfing: The Education of a Reluctant Businessman|…the worst thing said about him is that he was "uncurious.
Jean Reno|I wanted to be a teacher, but I was a lousy student, one of the slowest readers. It was a tremendous struggle. But I'm lucky I had some teachers who saw something in me.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In patience endurance, we know the faith of being.
Alain de Botton, The News: A User's Manual|When you are bored of the plains, the secret passages to the mountains suddenly appear out of nowhere before you!
Akiroq Brost|When you need help but refuse to ask for it, you are rejecting yourself. You're not even giving yourself a chance. You're not even giving anyone else a chance to help you. You started at a "No" and now you're stuck at a "No". Don't you want to push forward as much as you can? Don't you want to push forward to a better future and a better you? You can get so much further just by learning to ask for help when you need it. You can get so much further by learning to cooperate with others for your mutual interests. There is absolutely nothing wrong with asking for help. Other people have the choice whether or not they will help you. At least give them that choice.
P.G. Wodehouse, The Small Bachelor|Marriage is not a process for prolonging the life of love, sir. It merely mummifies its corpse.
Spider Robinson, The Callahan Chronicals|In 1971, after seven years in college, with that magic piece of paper clutched triumphantly in my fist, the best job I was able to get was night watchman on a sewer project in Babylon, N.Y. guarding a hole in the ground to prevent anyone from stealing it. God bless the American educational system!
V.S. Ramachandran, The Tell–Tale Brain – A Neuroscientist`s Quest for What Makes Us Human|How can a three-pound mass of jelly that you can hold in your palm imagine angels, contemplate the meaning of infinity, and even question its own place in the cosmos? Especially awe inspiring is the fact that any single brain, including yours, is made up of atoms that were forged in the hearts of countless, far-flung stars billions of years ago. These particles drifted for eons and light-years until gravity and change brought them together here, now. These atoms now form a conglomerate- your brain- that can not only ponder the very stars that gave it birth but can also think about its own ability to think and wonder about its own ability to wonder. With the arrival of humans, it has been said, the universe has suddenly become conscious of itself. This, truly, it the greatest mystery of all.
Rick Riordan, The Hammer of Thor|Otis," I said."Shhh," he said. "I'm incognito. Call me...Otis.""I'm not sure that's how incognito works, but okay."Otis, aka Otis climbed into the chair I'd reserved for Sam.
Shine|I CAN'T GO ON! I FEEL LIKE NONE OF MY EMOTIONAL WOUNDS CAN HEAL! AS SOON AS IT TRIES TO HEAL, IT SHATTERS AGAIN! I CAN'T HEAL!
Frederick Buechner, The Clown in the Belfry: Writings on Faith and Fiction|Turn around and believe that the good news that we are loved is better than we ever dared hope, and that to believe in that good news, to live out of it and toward it, to be in love with that good news, is of all glad things in this world the gladdest thing of all. Amen, and come Lord Jesus.
Patrick O'Neil, Sideways Travels with Kafka, Hunter S. and Kerouac|For Delta blueman Robert Johnson and his contemporaries, the train was the eternal metaphor for the travelling life, and it still holds true today. There is no travel like it. Train lines carve through all facets of a nation. While buses stick to major highways and planes reduce the unfolding of lives to a bird's eye view, trains putter through the domains of the rich and the poor, the desperate and the idle, rural and urban, isolated and cluttered. Through train windows you see realities rarely visible in the landscaped tourist areas. Those frames hold the untended jungle of a nation's truth. Despite my shredded emotions, there was still no feeling like dragging all your worldly possessions onto a carriage, alone and anonymous, to set off into the unknown; where any and all varieties of adventures await, where you might meet a new best friend, where the love of your life could be hiding in a dingy cafe. The clatter of the tracks is the sound of liberation.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|We’ve all got weaknesses. Me, for instance. I’m tragically funny and good-looking.
Philip K. Dick, The Three Stigmata of Palmer Eldritch|But an artist, he realized. Or rather so-called artist. Bohemian. That's closer to it. The artistic life without the talent.
Celia McMahon, Skye|Gilks sighed. ‘You’re a clever man, Cjelli, I grant you that,’ he said, ‘but you make the samemistake a lot of clever people do of thinking everyone else is stupid.
Robin Sacredfire|Surrendering: The act of giving yourself entirely to a new self, and then let go of your personal freedom for the achievement of something greater than you had before, a new you, a new self, envisioned and designed by yourself. Surrendering, to a God or to a Dream, or to both, is the ultimate act of designing your new future and then letting go the present reality to live that dream. It is, indeed, the creation of a virtual reality in which one will find himself present, after detaching from the previous reality, which will then become virtual by default. Because, as one cannot surrender without accepting, one cannot get without letting go. And so, when one surrenders entirely, he becomes entirely new.
Martin Luther|To spend one's life being angry, and in the process doing nothing to change it, is to me ridiculous. I could be mad all day long, but if I'm not doing a damn thing, what difference does it make?
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Power|Fire does transform, but the fire within is always better than fire beneath!
Shannon L. Alder|Paradox  /pera,daks/ noun1. Being told to wake up and come back to reality by your family and friends, while being dragged to church to hear a lesson on Jonah and the whale, followed by a sermon on believing in things you can't see without faith.
Teresa R. Funke, Bursts of Brilliance for a Creative Life blog|When you find your passion, turn a deaf ear to the naysayers and follow your dreams.
Nikki Sex, What Wendy Wants|A philosophical discussion ensued about right and wrong, and good and bad. Also about things to be ashamed of and things to be feel guilty about. Could anything carried out between two consensual adults be wrong? And why should they be embarrassed by something a loving partner wanted to try? Right then they made a pact to never lie to each other, and to live out their sexual fantasies together. If two intelligent, loving and happily married people couldn't be honest with each other about their most hidden sexual desires, then who could?
Alan W. Watts|Advice? I don’t have advice. Stop aspiring and start writing. If you’re writing, you’re a writer. Write like you’re a goddamn death row inmate and the governor is out of the country and there’s no chance for a pardon. Write like you’re clinging to the edge of a cliff, white knuckles, on your last breath, and you’ve got just one last thing to say, like you’re a bird flying over us and you can see everything, and please, for God’s sake, tell us something that will save us from ourselves. Take a deep breath and tell us your deepest, darkest secret, so we can wipe our brow and know that we’re not alone. Write like you have a message from the king. Or don’t. Who knows, maybe you’re one of the lucky ones who doesn’t have to.
Michael Graves|The Classic games were Classic because, like classical music or architecture, they strove to give life and weight to ideals of order and proportion, to provide a vision of timelessness. In 'Double Dragon,' we can see the cracks in the brick, the mold growing on the drainage pipes, the unmistakable deterioration of the world we live in.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|I'm a tad insane, but I promise you won't forget me.
Niccolò Machiavelli|A return to first principles in a republic is sometimes caused by the simple virtues of one man. His good example has such an influence that the good men strive to imitate him, and the wicked are ashamed to lead a life so contrary to his example.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Now that you are a leader. Everyone will want to know what you are doing and feel at liberty to comment or scrutinize even your private life. The world will become interested in your family life, your health, your achievements but most interestingly your shortcomings.
Siri Hustvedt, A Plea for Eros: Essays|fiction is necessary to life - not only as books but as dreams, dreams that frame the world and give it meaning.
Luke Davies|I will meet you on the nape of your neck one day, on the surface of intention, word becoming act.We will breathe into each other the high mountain tales, where the snows come from, where the waters begin.”-In the yellow time of pollen
Christopher Hitchens, Letters to a Young Contrarian|In an average day, you may well be confronted with some species of bullying or bigotry, or some ill-phrased appeal to the general will, or some petty abuse of authority. If you have a political loyalty, you may be offered a shady reason for agreeing to a lie or a half-truth that serves some short-term purpose. Everybody devises tactics for getting through such moments; try behaving "as if" they need not be tolerated and are not inevitable.
Roy  Bennett|When you start living the life of your dreams, there will always be obstacles, doubters, mistakes and setbacks along the way. But with hard work, perseverance and self-belief there is no limit to what you can achieve.
Robert Low, The White Raven|The question was not death; living things die. It was love. Not that we died, but that we cared wildly, then deeply, for one person out of billions. We bound ourselves to the fickle, changing, and dying as if they were rock.
Joss Stirling, Finding Sky|Fine, I'll teach you,''Besides, there's only so many times a girl wants to fall on her butt in front of the boy she's out to impress.
Confucius, The Analects|I understood something about myself as well, even if I didn't have the will to examine it just then.
James Riley|Why did you come out when you knew how your family would react?” I murmured, wrapping my arms around his waist. I brushed my lips the length of Lock’s neck.“Because I didn’t want to hide. I hated acting like I was someone I wasn’t.”“I never did thank you for that sub.”Lock laughed. “Adan, you’ve thanked me a hundred times over.”“I don’t recall.”“Every time we’re together, or when you kiss me, it’s a constant reminder of how we met, and I wouldn’t exchange that for anything.
Robert Mapplethorpe|What is sacred among one people may be ridiculous in another; and what is despised or rejected by one cultural group, may in a different environment become the cornerstone for a great edifice of strange grandeur and beauty.
Hazel Gaynor, The Cottingley Secret|There was certainly plenty to watch and listen to. The tree which Digory had noticed was now a full-grown beech whose branches swayed gently above his head. They stood on cool, green grass, sprinkled with daisies and buttercups. A little way off, along the river bank, willows were growing. On the other side tangles of flowering currant, lilac, wild rose, and rhododendron closed them in.
David Sedaris, Me Talk Pretty One Day|Anything can be good. Even Last Action Hero could’ve been good. There’s an idea somewhere in almost any movie : if you can find something that you love, then you can do it. If you can’t, it doesn’t matter how skilful you are...
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Some people seem to put the devil on a par with God. Actually, Satan is a fallen angel.
Matthew McConaughey|Riding a motorcycle on today's highways, you have to ride in a very defensive manner. You have to be a good rider and you have to have both hands and both feet on the controls at all times.
Michael Meade|And after all, if stupidity did not, when seen from within, look so exactly like talent as to be mistaken for it, and if it could not, when seen from the outside, appear as progress, genius, hope, and improvement, doubtless no one would want to be stupid, and there would be no stupidity.
Debasish Mridha|When you find that no one is loving you, be kind and give them your love.
VicDo|Give me a life time by the fire, with a book in my hand, nothing more and I will tell you a great story.
Tony Kushner, Angels in America, Part One: Millennium Approaches|I just wondered what a thing it would be...if overnight everything you owe anything to, justice, or love, had really gone away. Free.It would be...heartless terror. Yes. Terrible, and...Very great. To shed your skin, every old skin, one by one and then walk away, unemcumbered, into the morning.
Heather     James, Fire|It was like being born in Germany after World War II, being from Japan after Pearl Harbor, or America after Hiroshima. History was a bitch sometimes. You couldn't change where you were from. But still, you didn't have to stay there.
Mary Weber|Too much Oil, gonna spoil YA!(There Will Be Blood 2007 - Movie)
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you have a light, meet the world or let the world meets you!
Corey Ann Haydu, OCD Love Story|I guess I wonder what it would be like, to be living their live instead of mine.
Lionel Shriver, The Mandibles: A Family, 2029–2047|She re-marked her lips with her lipstick. I saw sprays of silver in her coarse hair. I saw inscriptions of her years around her mouth, a solid crease between her brows from a lifetime of cynicism. The posture of a woman who had stood in a casual spotlight in every room she'd ever been in, not for gloss or perfection, for self-possession. Everything she touched she added an apostrophe to.
George Orwell, Animal Farm|A technician : it's the one who always see new components on the store, but still care about the old ones.A technician : it's the one who always try to fix problems and never think to give up.A technician : it's a man who cares about what he has, try to update it and never throw it.a TECHNICIAN it's a LOYAL man.
Gary Miller|Do you know that charming part of our country which has been called the garden of France - that spot where, amid verdant plains watered by wide streams, one inhales the purest air of heaven?
Tim Tebow|Success comes in a lot of ways, but it doesn't come with money and it doesn't come with fame. It comes from having a meaning in your life, doing what you love and being passionateabout what you do. That's having a life of success. When you have the ability to do what you love, love what you do and have the ability to impact people. That's having a life of success. That's what having a life of meaning is.
Anthony Liccione|Burning bridges behind you is understandable. It's the bridges before us that we burn, not realizing we may need to cross, that brings regret.
D.S. Mashego|To remain far-sighted, you need to surround yourselfwith far-sighted visionaries. You need to surroundyourself with people who think like you. You needto surround yourself with people who speak the same language as you. You need to surround yourselfwith people who fight and refuse to give up on theirdestiny. You need to surround yourself with people whose testimonies give you reasons to press on.
Stephen King|Where do bad folks go when they die? No heaven awaits them, say to it goodbye
Dormaine G.|... My mother, daroga, my poor, unhappy mother would never... let me kiss her... She used to run away... and throw me my mask!... Nor any other woman... ever, ever!... Ah, you can understand, my happiness was so great, I cried. And fell at her feet, crying... and I kissed her feet... her little feet... crying. You're crying, too, daroga... and she cried also... the angel cried!...
Amanda Mosher, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|Alphabet soup is my magic eight ball. Served hot or cold, words are delicious.
Pat Shand, Destiny, NY, Volume One: Who I Used to Be|Please don't talk to me like I'm crazy. I've been accused of personality disorders enough this week, thanks. You know I've slept with girls before and didn't get attached.
Nelson Mandela|Courageous people do not fear forgiving, for the sake of peace.
Robert Tew|Don’t lower your standards to keep anyone, if they’re not making you happy, it’s time to find someone who does.
Nicholas A. Christakis|Scientists at MIT and engineering schools all across America say that they could improve the fuel economy standards for the existing set of vehicles by 10 miles per gallon using existing technology, without compromising safety or comfort at all.
Brent Weeks, The Blinding Knife|The truth is so dear to me that if Orholam stood on one side and truth on the other, I would turn my back on my creator himself.
Paulo Coelho|What's the world's greatest lie?... It's this: that at a certain point in our lives, we lose control of what's happening to us, and our lives become controlled by fate.
Teri S. Lesesne|Patrick opens his arms about three feet wide and, with one finger pointing up on each hand, tries to show the scope of this thing. I notice that he doesn’t look at his hands as he does this, but at the wall behind me. It suddenly occurs to me that when people describe size this way, they’re relying on perspective to help them. He’s not saying ‘It’s this big.’ He’s saying ‘It would look this big from here if it was over there.
Debasish Mridha|To be happy, think about happiness, and see happiness and beauty in every little thing.
Constance Friday|Real power, is the power that empowers without corruption
Neena Verma, A Mother's Cry... A Mother's Celebration|We are generally not programmed to imagine death, to handle death, to absorb grief, at least not in the immediacy of things, definitely not when the ‘thing’ has happened to another person.
Erin Hunter, SkyClan's Destiny|It’s been so hard!” she whispered. “I don’t know what our destiny is!”Cloudstar bent his head toward her. “Your destiny is what you make it, Leafstar.
Sir Nicholas Winton|I knew I should be doing some serious thinking, but I had no idea how to go about it. And, to tell the truth, thinking was the last thing I wanted to do. The time would come soon enough when I had no choice in the matter, and when that time came I would take a good long time to think things over. Not now, though. Not now.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Most people don't mind being stupid, insomuch that they do not appear stupid; appearance and being are seldom simultaneous, congruent, and conclusive.
John Brunner, The Shockwave Rider|["F]or it's not possible," [Socrates] said, "for anybody to experience a greater evil than hating arguments. Hatred of arguments and hatred of human beings come about in the same way. For hatred of human beings arises from artlessly trusting somebody to excess, and believing that human being to be in every way true and sound and trustworthy, and then a little later discovering that this person is wicked and untrustworthy - and then having this experience again with another. And whenever somebody experiences this many times, and especially at the hands of just those he might regard as his most intimate friends and comrades, he then ends up taking offense all the time and hates all human beings and believes there's nothing at all sound in anybody.
Guy Mankowski, How I Left the National Grid: A post-punk novel|They all had darkened eyes, eyes that seemed to have a hunger behind them. Borne out of the private convulsions only secret passions can provoke.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|What is called storing money is a way of using wealth. The uncertainty of the future makes it seem advisable to hold a larger or smaller part of one's possessions in a form that will facilitate a change from one way of using wealth to another, or transition from the ownership of one good to that of another, in order to preserve the opportunity of being able without difficulty to satisfy urgent demands that may possibly arise in the future for goods that will have to be obtained by way of exchange.
Jackson Brown  Jr.|Be brave. Even if you're not, pretend to be. No one can tell the difference. Don't allow the phone to interrupt important moments. It's there for your convenience, not the callers. Don't be afraid to go out on a limb. That's where the fruit is. Don't burn bridges. You'll be surprised how many times you have to cross the same river. Don't forget, a person's greatest emotional need is to feel appreciated. Don't major in minor things. Don't say you don't have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Pasteur, Michaelangelo, Mother Teresa, Helen Keller, Leonardo Da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein. Don't spread yourself too thin. Learn to say no politely and quickly. Don't use time or words carelessly. Neither can be retrieved. Don't waste time grieving over past mistakes Learn from them and move on. Every person needs to have their moment in the sun, when they raise their arms in victory, knowing that on this day, at his hour, they were at their very best. Get your priorities straight. No one ever said on his death bed, 'Gee, if I'd only spent more time at the office'. Give people a second chance, but not a third. Judge your success by the degree that you're enjoying peace, health and love. Learn to listen. Opportunity sometimes knocks very softly. Leave everything a little better than you found it. Live your life as an exclamation, not an explanation. Loosen up. Relax. Except for rare life and death matters, nothing is as important as it first seems. Never cut what can be untied. Never overestimate your power to change others. Never underestimate your power to change yourself. Remember that overnight success usually takes about fifteen years. Remember that winners do what losers don't want to do. Seek opportunity, not security. A boat in harbor is safe, but in time its bottom will rot out. Spend less time worrying who's right, more time deciding what's right. Stop blaming others. Take responsibility for every area of your life. Success is getting what you want. Happiness is liking what you get. The importance of winning is not what we get from it, but what we become because of it. When facing a difficult task, act as though it's impossible to fail.
Liu Cixin, The Three-Body Problem|When they passed a maintenance site in the road bed, Einstein stopped next to a worker who was smashing stones and silently observed this boy with torn clothes and dirty face and hands. He asked your father how much the boy earned each day. After asking the boy, he told Einstein: five cents.
Wilhelm Reich, Listen, Little Man!|How, then,' I hear you ask, 'shall I attain my end, whether it be Christian love, socialism, or American democracy?' Your Christian love and your socialism and your American democracy are what you do each day, your manner of thinking each hour, of embracing your life companion and loving your child; they are your attitude of social responsibility towards your work, and your determination not to become like the crushers of life you so hate.
Jimmy Wales|We hold our heads high, despite the price we have paid, because freedom is priceless.
C.S. Lewis, The Voyage of the Dawn Treader|Spending too much time in one's individual silo can produce pride, isolation, and a stagnated ministry.
DaShanne Stokes|You can flip a coin to change its face, but it remains the same coin.
Tyrtaeus, Spartan Lessons; Or, the Praise of Valour; In the Verses of Tyrtaeus; An Ancient Athenian Poet, ...|Nor when love is of this disinterested sort is there any disgrace in being deceived, but in every other case there is equal disgrace in being or not being deceived. For he who is gracious to his lover under the impression that he is rich, and is disappointed of his gains because he turns out to be poor, is disgraced all the same: for he has done his best to show that he would give himself up to any one's "uses base" for the sake of money; but this is not honourable. And on the same principle he who gives himself to a lover because he is a good man, and in the hope that he will be improved by his company, shows himself to be virtuous, even though the object of his affection turn out to be a villain, and to have no virtue; and if he is deceived he has committed a noble error. For he has proved that for his part he will do anything for anybody with a view to virtue and improvement, than which there can be nothing nobler.
Robert E. Barron|Love actually is a great act of the will. It's when I say, "I desire your good, not for my sake but for yours". To love is to break out of the black hole of the ego and say, "My life is about you".
Chris Matakas, #Human: Learning To Live In Modern Times|Group membership can modify individuals' perceptions of themselves. Unable to separate their personal introspection from the ways they believe other people perceive them, teenagers may have what psychologists call an "imaginary audience", meaning that they believed that other people are just as attuned to their appearance and behavior as they are.
Elizabeth Payson Prentiss, Stepping Heavenward|But you will imagine that it is best that He should at once enable you to see clearly. If it is, you may be sure He will do it. He never makes mistakes. But He often deals far differently with His disciples. He lets them grope their way in the dark until they fully learn how blind they are, how helpless, how absolutely in need of Him. What His methods will be with you I cannot foretell. But you may be sure that He never works in an arbitrary way. He has a reason for everything He does. You may not understand why He leads you now in this way and now in that, but you may, nay, you must believe that perfection is stamped on His every act.
Karen Maitland, Company of Liars|Many theologians believe the Gospel writers include miracle stories in order to prove that Jesus is divine. But miracles are not proof of deity. Many Old Testament prophets heal people and even raise them from the dead, yet they are mere mortals. Jesus's miracle ministry is a demonstration that the kingdom of God has arrived. Heaven on Earth, pg. 105.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|Society had more and more rules, and laws that contradicted the rules, and new rules that contradicted the laws. People felt too frightened to take even a step outside the invisible regulations that guided everyone's lives.
Russ Ramsey, Struck: One Christian's Reflections on Encountering Death|When ill, the patient assumes what Parsons called "the sick-role". Accordingly, the sick person is, on the one hand, excused his or her social responsabilites, but, on the other hand, is expected to desire a return to health and to comply unquestioningly with the directives of medical experts in order to achieve this goal
Aurora Levins Morales, Getting Home Alive|Patriarchy has been the normal in almost all agricultural and industrial societies. ...If patriarchy in Afro-Asia resulted from some chance occurrence, why were the Aztecs and Incas patriarchal? It is far more likely that even though the precise definition of man and woman varies between cultures, there is some universal biological reason why almost all cultures valued manhood over womanhood. We do not know what this reason is; there are plenty of theories, none of the convincing.
Robert Redford|All the evidence shows very clearly that if you are a member of a trade union you are likely to get better pay, more equal pay, better health and safety, more chance to get training, more chance to have conditions of work that help if you have caring responsibilities... the list goes on!
Criss Jami, Killosophy|I believe God himself will someday debate with and answer every objection arrogant men can come up with against him; I believe he will humble us and humor himself. Know-it-alls, pseudo-intellectuals, militant anti-theists, for Christ's sake, or rather their own sake, best beware of getting roasted by their own medicine. Ah! Our delusions of trying to argue against an omniscient Creator.
David Benatar, Better Never to Have Been: The Harm of Coming into Existence|If a woman cannot make her mistakes charming, she is only a female.
Sarah Addison Allen, First Frost|As if new motherhood isn't hard enough, you begin the hardest and most challenging weeks of your life physically and emotionally exhausted. Even if you manage to leave the hospital without physical scars or emotional wounds, you are probably exhausted and unsure of what to do. And then you are either thrown into a world where you need to get used to being out of work and home alone, or you need to figure out how to go back to work and be a mom at the same time. Or like many women, you find some new combination of the two that has no resemblance to your former life.
Sonya Hartnett, The Children of the King|The quest for power is strange in that, once the quest has begun, the destination always seems to shift ever further away. What power one has is never enough; whatever happiness one had turns to bitterness.
J.R. Ward, Lover Unbound|Tobin," Mom said disapprovingly. She wasn't a particularly funny person. It suited her professionally - I mean, you don't want your cancer surgeon to walk into the examination room and be like, "Guy walks into a bar. Bartender says, 'What'll ya have?' And the guy says, 'Whaddya got?' And the bartender says, 'I don't know what I got, but I know what you got: Stage IV melanoma.
Erasmus, Against War|Moreover God hath ordained man in this world, as it were, the very image of himself, to the intent, that he, as it were a god on earth, should provide for the wealth of all creatures.
Zdzisław Beksiński|What matters is what appears in your soul, not what your eyes see and what you can name.
Julia Woodman, No Paradox - Living Both In and Outside Of the Matrix: Through Consciously Evolving Our Consciousness [ Theory, Exploration, Tools ]|So for me the essence of life is very simple. It is just this, awareness that allows us to trust in our own truths (without feeling any need to convince others), living gracefully amidst the chaos, maintaining a sense of balance (not being pulled around by the supposed opposites or false paradoxes), and being able to choose how we direct our lives.
Kayla Krantz, Survive at Midnight|No matter what, the day didn't feel like Christmas to her.She remembered years ago, when she had been just a little kid, and the word had been enough to make her happy. Nothing stirred in her now. Her childhood felt like it had been in another life. As she sat alone in her room with tears drying to her face, she resolved that no matter what the calendar said, it wasn't Christmas.If it was, she'd feel happy, not depressed.
Steven Magee|You know that when your partner deletes their messages to a past lover after being accused of cheating, then it is likely that they were being unfaithful in some way.
Tony Dovale|1 Minute Wisdom: Rethink Your Success Mindset because...Whatever you create in your imagination and dreams, will require the right mindset to manifest in reality.
Mary Schmich|Well, I started conducting kind of by accident. I wanted to give myself a special birthday present for my fortieth birthday, and I was living in San Francisco at the time and I started attending some of the concerts and then simply dropping hints.
Sarah Dunn, The Arrangement|I'm too busy being the bad guy.” It was one of those things that get said in a marriage, something that starts out as a genuine compliment but turns into a criticism without either party noticing or caring all that much.
Jenn Fagan|I never knew I liked to be outside so much. I never knew I liked lochs and views and that, but I could seriously handle living in a cottage by the side of somewhere like this."The Panopticon
Peter Falk|When we do 'Sports Illustrated,' it starts the night before. You do a St. Tropez tan that night, then baby oil gel, then body color.
Felicity Brandon, Disciplinary Action|If you agree to our arrangement, I control what you feel and how you feel it. Right now we're concentrating on your needs, but soon we'll be focusing in on mine. I have very specific needs. "I like to take things. I'm going to take you. Whenever, wherever and however I want. Does that excite you?"Aries Taylor to his heroine in Stare Me Down,
Scott Stabile|Hey, Beautiful…There is room for all that you are and everything you have to offer our world.Share yourself.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning, Sonnets from the Portuguese|I knew he wouldn't come, but I howled anyway, and when I did, the other wolves would pass images of him to me of what he looked like: lithe, gray, yellow-eyed. I would pass back images of my own, of a wolf on the edge of the woods, silent and cautious, watching me. The images, clear as the slender-leaved trees in front of me, made finding him seem urgent, but I didn't know how to begin to look.
Brian Eno|Workers were required to stay six months, and even then permission to quit was not always granted. The factory held the first two months of every worker's pay; leaving without approval meant losing that money and starting over somewhere else. That was a fact of factory life you couldn't know from the outside: Getting into a factory was easy. The hard part was getting out.
Olivia De Havilland|Eventually, competition and adventure wane, and I enter my ibuprofen phase. Tweaky hamstrings and achy knees restrict mileage, but I continue running for health, sanity, and the ritual of a Sunday trail run with like-minded buddies. We discuss the nagging injuries that bedevil us, and remember the good old days when we were kings.
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, Flow: The Psychology of Optimal Experience|It might be true that it is “quality time” that counts, but after a certain point quantity has a bearing on quality.
Anne Brontë|It was wrong to be so joyless, so desponding; I should have made God my friend, and to do His will the pleasure and the business of my life; but faith was weak, and passion was too strong.
Calvin Trillin, The Tummy Trilogy: American Fried; Alice, Let's Eat; Third Helpings|We are what no one wants to miss at the party. I act delighted, but I have zero interest in these Capitol people. They are only distractions from the food.
Pope Pius XI|A man had better study what a human being is, because he's marrying one - assuming that merely being one has not been sufficient stimulus to that study.
Vladimir Nabokov|The good, the admirable reader identifies himself not with the boy or the girl in the book, but with the mind that conceived and composed that book.
Alan Moore, Batman: The Killing Joke|He in his madness prays for storms, and dreams that storms will bring him peace
Sunday Adelaja|You don’t have to spend much time with the elderly or those with terminal illness to see how often medicine fails the people it is supposed to help. The waning days of our lives are given over to treatments that addle our brains and sap our bodies for a sliver’s chance of benefit. They are spent in institutions—nursing homes and intensive care units—where regimented, anonymous routines cut us off from all the things that matter to us in life. Our reluctance to honestly examine the experience of aging and dying has increased the harm we inflict on people and denied them the basic comforts they most need.
L. Joseph Shosty, Swallow the Evil|THE THING WAS AN EXPERT IN HORROR, BUT THIS HUMAN HORROR INDEED EXCEEDED ANY OTHER POSSIBLE FATE. NOT ONLY BECAUSE IT WAS WITHOUT MERCY, BUT BECAUSE IT WAS ACTED UPON RATIONALLY AND WITHOUT COMPULSION. IT WAS A CHOICE. THE KILLING WAS UNRELATED TO THE LARGE WAR, AND IT SERVED NO OTHER PURPOSE THEN EVIL. MEN CHOSE TO DO THIS TO OTHER MEN AND INVENTED REASONS AND PLACES AND MYTHS IN ORDER TO SATISFY THEIR DESIRE IN A LOGICAL AND METHODICAL WAY.
T.K. Naliaka|Over a century now after Dr. William Gorgas wiped Yellow Fever out of Havana and Panama, and by that out of an entire continent, and more than half a century after Fred Lowe Soper led the eradication of Anopheles gambiae out of Northeast Brazil, their names are unknown, their carefully-detailed, boots-on-the-ground methods that they described in detail to leave expressly for generations to study and learn from to apply to malaria - and specifically they both had the desire for the destruction of malaria in Africa on their minds - is unread. The mistakes they warned about, the assumptions that they discovered to be useless and ineffectual in the field against disease-bearing mosquitoes are repeated today, while what Gorgas and Soper found to be effective and efficient in real-life conditions are routinely ignored or unknown, avoidable errors blithely doomed to be repeated thanks to modern ignorance of their incredibly important and transformative historical successes in public health. In the battles against malaria, to be ignorant of Gorgas’ and Soper's work in eradicating the mosquito that carries it is to be hobbled by the lack of hard-earned field knowledge, practical and effective discoveries that remain completely relevant and critical to success in eradicating malaria today.
Bernard Émond, 8:17 PM, Rue Darling|All of a sudden, life became too much to bear. Just like that, for no particular reason. Because there was a child’s corpse in the fridge on rue Parthenais. Because I had to start all over again from scratch, one more time. Because I had rolled my rock to the top of the hill and now it was rolling back down again. The times before, I’d always managed to put on a brave face. But there comes a time when you just don’t feel strong enough to look for another place to live and go shopping again for clothes and dishes and cutlery and scouring pads and toilet paper. This was one of those times. When I got back to the hotel, I asked the Barbie at reception for the key to the minibar. It burned in the palm of my hand. I slapped it back down on the counter and ran out. I had to find a meeting.
Stephanie Lahart|Your personal thoughts carry so much power. It’s important to be mindful of what you spend your time thinking about. Make sure that your thoughts aren’t defeating you or your purpose in life. Fear, doubt, and a negative attitude will continually hold you back. Your journey may be a bumpy one, but I encourage you to never give up! Giving up only does one thing: It keeps you from ever knowing what could have been. Don’t allow your uncertain attitude to be the reason why you don’t succeed. It’s a very sad thing to live your life with regrets. So therefore, giving up is NOT an option for you. Don’t even entertain those thoughts. KEEP MOVING FORWARD, no matter what!
