Cheryl Hamada, The Goddess Intuitive Group Guidebook|The Sun King had dinner each night alone. He chose from forty dishes, served on gold and silver plate. It took a staggering 498 people to prepare each meal. He was rich because he consumed the work of other people, mainly in the form of their services. He was rich because other people did things for him. At that time, the average French family would have prepared and consumed its own meals as well as paid tax to support his servants in the palace. So it is not hard to conclude that Louis XIV was rich because others were poor.But what about today? Consider that you are an average person, say a woman of 35, living in, for the sake of argument, Paris and earning the median wage, with a working husband and two children. You are far from poor, but in relative terms, you are immeasurably poorer than Louis was. Where he was the richest of the rich in the world’s richest city, you have no servants, no palace, no carriage, no kingdom. As you toil home from work on the crowded Metro, stopping at the shop on the way to buy a ready meal for four, you might be thinking that Louis XIV’s dining arrangements were way beyond your reach. And yet consider this. The cornucopia that greets you as you enter the supermarket dwarfs anything that Louis XIV ever experienced (and it is probably less likely to contain salmonella). You can buy a fresh, frozen, tinned, smoked or pre-prepared meal made with beef, chicken, pork, lamb, fish, prawns, scallops, eggs, potatoes, beans, carrots, cabbage, aubergine, kumquats, celeriac, okra, seven kinds of lettuce, cooked in olive, walnut, sunflower or peanut oil and flavoured with cilantro, turmeric, basil or rosemary ... You may have no chefs, but you can decide on a whim to choose between scores of nearby bistros, or Italian, Chinese, Japanese or Indian restaurants, in each of which a team of skilled chefs is waiting to serve your family at less than an hour’s notice. Think of this: never before this generation has the average person been able to afford to have somebody else prepare his meals.You employ no tailor, but you can browse the internet and instantly order from an almost infinite range of excellent, affordable clothes of cotton, silk, linen, wool and nylon made up for you in factories all over Asia. You have no carriage, but you can buy a ticket which will summon the services of a skilled pilot of a budget airline to fly you to one of hundreds of destinations that Louis never dreamed of seeing. You have no woodcutters to bring you logs for the fire, but the operators of gas rigs in Russia are clamouring to bring you clean central heating. You have no wick-trimming footman, but your light switch gives you the instant and brilliant produce of hardworking people at a grid of distant nuclear power stations. You have no runner to send messages, but even now a repairman is climbing a mobile-phone mast somewhere in the world to make sure it is working properly just in case you need to call that cell. You have no private apothecary, but your local pharmacy supplies you with the handiwork of many thousands of chemists, engineers and logistics experts. You have no government ministers, but diligent reporters are even now standing ready to tell you about a film star’s divorce if you will only switch to their channel or log on to their blogs.My point is that you have far, far more than 498 servants at your immediate beck and call. Of course, unlike the Sun King’s servants, these people work for many other people too, but from your perspective what is the difference? That is the magic that exchange and specialisation have wrought for the human species.
Taizé, Songs and Prayers from Taize: Accompaniment Edition for Cantor & Instruments|When we try to express communion with God in words, we rapidly reach the end of our capacities. But in the depths of our being Christ is praying for more than we imagine. Compared to the immensity of that hidden prayer of Christ in us, our explicit praying dwindles to almost nothing. That is why silence is so essential in discovery the heart of prayer.Although God never stops trying to communicate with us, God never stops trying to communicate with us, God never wants to impose anything on us. Often God's voice comes in a whisper, in a breath of silence. Remaining in silence in God's presence, open to the Spirit, is already prayer.It is not a matter of trying to obtain inner silence at all costs by following some method that creates a kind of emptiness within. The important thing is a childlike attitude of trust by which we allow Christ to pray within us silently, and then one day, we will discover that the depths of our being ar inhabited by a Presence.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Picture for a moment the scene of a son carrying wood up a hill. He is about to make the greatest sacrifice he can make. Is it Abraham’s Isaac? Or Heavenly Father’s Jehovah? It is both. It is you. YOU are also God’s child. If He required so much from them, why should He require less from us? He doesn’t. He doesn’t want a portion. He requires our all.
Joanie Connell, Flying Without a Helicopter: How to Prepare Young People for Work and Life|The difference between an Employer and an Employee is that as payday approaches, the Employee is full of hope and expectation while the Employer is full of fear and trepidation
Abraham Kuyper, Lectures on Calvinism|When she remembers to look at herself in a spiritual light, she sees the deep capacity for love this pain has brought her. The realization fills her with wonder. Now she can rise in the morning and greet the new day with eagerness and grace.
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|I know that in the end, God will forgive me. He will forgive your father, me, and you too. I hope you can do the same. Forgive your father if you can. Forgive me if you wish. But most important, forgive yourself.
Alan Furst, Dark Star|Wisdom that is not acted upon is just philosophy... but when lived as a verb, wisdom will be the foundation of your success.
Adolf Guggenbhuhl-Craig, Marriage: Dead or Alive|For those who are gifted for the soteriological pathway of marriage, it, like every such pathway, naturally offers not only trouble, work, and suffering but the deepest kind of existential satisfaction. Dante did not get to Paradiso without going through the Inferno. And so also there seldom exist "happy marriages".
Alexandra Monir, Timeless|There is nothing in this life that can destroy you but yourself. Bad things happen to everyone, but when they do, you can't just fall apart and die. You have to fight back. If you don't, you're the one who loses in the end. But if you do keep going and fight back, you win.
Siva Kaneswaren|Not even I can see all ends, but I have been in this world long enough to know that a choice is not choice and breeds slow ills, even were it done for the highest reasons.
Freddie Mercury|Vain trifles as they seem, clothes have, they say, more important offices than to merely keep us warm. They change our view of the world and the world's view of us.
Viola Shipman, The Charm Bracelet|The Sewing Machine CharmTo A Life Bound by Family, The Thread That Ties Us All Together
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore|And I did nothing, nothing but try to hide from the horror of dying." He stopped, for saying the truth aloud was unendurable. It was not shame that stopped him, but fear, the same fear. He knew now why this tranquil life in sea and sunlight on the rafts seemed to him like an after-life or a dream, unreal. It was because he knew in his heart that reality was empty: without life or warmth or color or sound: without meaning. There were no heights or depths. All this lovely play of form and light and color on the sea and in the eyes of men, was no more than that, a playing of illusions on the shallow void.
James Dyson|The majority of my interactions with police were not good. There were a few good ones who were actually protecting the community. But then you have ones from the Valley. They never met me in their life, but since I'm a kid in basketball shorts and a white T-shirt, they wanna slam me on the hood of the car. Sixteen years old.
Gordon Parks|I think success has no rules, but you can learn a great deal from failure.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Avonlea|He watched over word and thought and deed as jealously as if her clear eyes were to pass judgement on it... She held over him the unconscious influence that every girl, whose ideals are high and pure, wields over her friends; an influence that would endure as long as she was faithful to those ideals and which she would certainly lose if she were ever false to them.
Jeanette Coron|We already had three steps behind us."Hold on, Lia," I whispered. Hold on for me.
M.J. Abraham, The Coordinates of a Dream|I stood there on the corner of the street,I held on to your hand,I looked into your eyes,And all you responded with was,"move on
Sachin sawariya|It is not good to play with a delicate heart, my dear. Pain you will know. When someone will play with your heart.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|Oh, don't look at this frail, old druid like that, Solomon. I may be slow in my movements, buy my mind is sharp as a dagger's tip." Lazerin smirked.
Gustave Flaubert|I’m dazzled by your facility. In ten days you’ll have written six stories! I don’t understand it… I’m like one of those old aqueducts: there’s so much rubbish cogging up the banks of my thought that it flows slowly, and only spills from the end of my pen drop by drop.
Debasish Mridha|Give me an enthusiastic, purpose-oriented person and I will give a successful future leader.
Lily Tomlin|Religion is a temper, not a pursuit.
Andrew Davie|I didn't make any mistake. I know that when he nearly asked me to marry him it was only on impulseIt is part if a follow-my-leader game of second-best we have all been playing - Rose with Simon, Simon with me, me with Stephen and Stephen, I suppose, with that detestable Leda Fox-Cotton. It isn't a very good game; the people you play it with are apt to get hurt.
David Levithan, Two Boys Kissing|What a horrible feeling that is, to know that if the disease [AIDS] had primarily affected PTA presidents, or priests, or white teenage girls, the epidemic would have been ended years earlier, and tens of thousands, if not hundreds of thousands of lives would have been saved.
Kristin Hannah, Magic Hour|Alice started to cry. It came with no sound, no shuddering, no childlike hysterics, just a soul-deep release that turned into moisture and dripped down her puffy pink cheeks. She touched her tears, frowning. Then she looked up at Julia and whimpered two words before she fell asleep. ‘Real hurts.’
Barbara Bradley Hagerty, Life Reimagined: The Science, Art, and Opportunity of Midlife|Our brains resist change, they rail against it, our amygdala will always want the safe bet. But are the obstacles truly insurmountable? Is it a brick wall? Or is it a sliding door, which, once you decide to approach it, begins to swish open? Because even though our brains prefer safety in the short run, in the long run they crave meaning, challenge, and novelty.
Stephanie Perkins, Lola and the Boy Next Door|I had a ritual—and having any ritual sounded so mature that I told everyone about it, even the regulars. On my days off I woke up late and went to the coffee shop and had a cappuccino and read. Then around five p.m., when the light was failing, I would take out a bottle of dry sherry and pour myself a glass, take out a jar of green olives, put on Miles Davis, and read the wine atlas. I didn't know why it felt so luxurious, but one day I realized that ritual was why I had moved to New York—to eat olives and get tipsy and read about Nebbiolo while the sun set. I had created a life that was bent in service to all my personal cravings.
Pete Walker|It is a terrible thing to grieve for someone who is not dead, not in love with someone else, but just no longer there.
James S.A. Corey, Cibola Burn|The margins of the space were bright without illuminating anything or casting shadows, sharp and terrible. It reminded her of the way schizophrenics and people suffering migraines would describe light as assaulting and dangerous.
Kathy Shuker, Silent Faces, Painted Ghosts|...for to be sunk, though but for an hour in your esteem is a humiliation to which I know not how to submit. -Susan
J.K. Rowling|Yes,' said Dumbledore. 'He'll have that scar for ever.''Couldn't you do something about it, Dumbledore?''Even if I could, I wouldn't. Scars can come in useful. I have one myself above my left knee which is a perfect map of the London underground.
Melissa de la Cruz, Witches of East End|It wasn't a lie, not at all like one of those lies she told herself all the time, like This is the last drink of the evening, or I'm not going to set the bitch's house on fire.
Dr. Guy McPherson|Our kids need us to be the dad, not a fun single uncle. When you can replace your 007 poster with a framed portrait of Grandma, your kids will experience an underlying sense of being at home when they are with you—whether for a weekend, a summer, or full-time.
Abigail Biddinger|Thanks to our artists, we pretend well, living under canopies of painted clouds and painted gods, in halls of marble floors across which the sung Masses paint hope in deep impatsi of echo. We make of the hollow world a fuller, messier, prettier place, but all our inventions can't create the one thing we require: to deserve any fond attention we might accidentally receive, to receive any fond attention we don't in the course of things deserve. We are never enough to ourselves because we can never be enough to another. Any one of us walks into any room and reminds its occupant that we are not the one they most want to see. We are never the one. We are never enough.
Nikolai Gogol, The Collected Tales of Nikolai Gogol|Relationships are nine parts intuition, one part madness.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Tiger Lily|We believe that preparation eradicates cowardice, which we define as the failure to act in the midst of fear.
Yaritza Garcia, About Falling in Love|I remain exquisitely still. Anytime the eagle of another heart soars, whatever you are-mouse, toad, snake- don't move. From such great heights, it might not see you.
Maxim Gorky, Mother|That's disappointing," Nick said. "I was hoping to see you in action again. It's kind of sexy in a violent, perverted sort of way.""Gosh, knowing that makes my day complete.""I thought you'd want me to be open about my feelings now that we're married.
Dan Harmon|For all Italian people, family is very important. We don't fight with our families.
Cesare Pavese, Il mestiere di vivere: Diario 1935-1950|The whole problem of life is this: how to break out of one's own solitude, how to communicate with others.
Rachel Ward, Numbers|Part of me wanted this more than anything else in the world—to have someone to hang out with, be like everyone else for a while. The rest of me screamed to get the hell out of there, not to get sucked in.
Nike Thaddeus|For what it's worth, I think perfect love stories have perfect disasters hidden somewhere. If a genuine relationship comes out of two people screwing before they saw the potential of the 'relationship'? Its perfect, beautiful, a work of art in fact.. Normal is overrated.
Sherif Mansy|My Faith in science is the belief of all that is ....."noticeable" ...
Sam  Hunter, The Devil's Breath|Carisoprodol. Comes in a white tablet like a big-ass vitamin, 350 mg of muscle liquefier for those tense, recovering athletes and furniture movers. Too much, and those relaxed muscles include your diaphragm, then your heart.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Where did that remark come from? Mormonism, as anyone can easily find out, is one of a number of Christian sects which came into being in the USA in the nineteenth century. It differs from mainstream Christianity on certain technical points which Dawkins would at least pretend not to understand. So why write "four if you count Mormonism"? Why not "five if you count Mormonism and Christian Science"? Or "ten if you include Mormonism, Christian Science, Christedelphians, Jehovah's Witnesses, Reformed Judaism, Shi'ite Islam, Strict Baptists, Celtic Orthodox, Unitarians and Quakers?" Does Dawkins think that the Mormons' adoptionist Christology is so far removed from the mainstream as to constitute a separate faith (while the Jehovah's Witnesses' arianism is not?) Or is he playing a numbers game, saying that the Church of Jesus Christ and Latter-day Saints is so numerous as to count as a religion in its own right, distinct from "Christianity". (But then, why not "Four if you include Catholicism"?) We never find out. Like Melchizidec, it comes from nowhere and it goes nowhere. It popped into Dawkins head and he wrote it down. It makes me doubt whether our author is fully in command of his brief."Four if you include Mormons". Honestly, you might just as well say "Britain consists of three countries: England, Scotland and Wales – or four if you include Tooting Bec.
Julia Quinn, When He Was Wicked|Michael nodded tersely, eyeing a table across the room. It was empty. So empty. So joyfully, blessedly empty.He could picture himself a very happy man at that table."Not feeling very conversational this evening, are we?" Colin asked, breaking into his (admittedly tame) fantasies.
Homer|On rare occasions one does hear of a miraculous case of a married couple falling in love after marriage, but on close examination it will be found that it is a mere adjustment to the inevitable.
Brené Brown, Daring Greatly: How the Courage to Be Vulnerable Transforms the Way We Live, Love, Parent, and Lead|Often the crowd does not recognize a leader until he has gone, and then they build a monument for him with the stones they threw at him in life.
Winston S. Churchill|Writing a book is an adventure. To begin with it is a toy and an amusement. Then it becomes a mistress, then it becomes a master, then it becomes a tyrant. The last phase is that just as you are about to be reconciled to your servitude, you kill the monster and fling him to the public.
Lionel Suggs|Imagination doesn't always mean looking outside of the box, but taking a closed box and seeing a different world from within it.
David Crosby|It can't happen here" is number one on the list of famous last words.
Virginia Alison|There is a waterfall in every dream. Cool and crystal clear, it falls gently on the sleeper, cleansing the mind and soothing the soul.
Haruki Murakami, Men Without Women: Stories|There were times he thought it would have been far better to never have known. Yet he continued to return to his core principle: that, in every situation, knowledge was better than ignorance. However agonizing, it was necessary to confront the facts. Only through knowing could a person become strong.
Debasish Mridha|Stay simple like a candle, and never forget to enlighten the world.
Osamu Dazai, The Setting Sun|In spite of my suffering, at the thought that I was sure to end up by killing myself, I cried aloud and burst into tears.
Sun Tzu|When we tire of well-worn ways, we seek for new. This restless craving in the souls of men spurs them to climb, and to seek the mountain view.
Joy Williams|Collaborative workshops and writers' peer groups hadn't been invented when I was young. They're a wonderful invention. They put the writer into a community of people all working at the same art, the kind of group musicians and painters and dancers have always had.
Payton Webb|As you look up to see the stars,keep watching the ground with your feet.
Hunter S. Thompson|Band members have a special bond. A great band is more than just some people working together. It's like a highly specialized army unit, or a winning sports team. A unique combination of elements that becomes stronger together than apart.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|The Flow in life is not a temporal displacement of moving objects, from a past into a future via a present. Theessential, ongoing Flow to this Reality is an emergence from the value set of your inner nature into the outer realm of events and relationships, where it is then experienced by you in a Now moment.
James Gleick, Chaos: Making a New Science|It’s not an academic question any more to ask what’s going to happen to a cloud. People very much want to know—and that means there’s money available for it. That problem is very much within the realm of physics and it’s a problem very much of the same caliber. You’re looking at something complicated, and the present way of solving it is to try to look at as many points as you can, enough stuff to say where the cloud is, where the warm air is, what its velocity is, and so forth. Then you stick it into the biggest machine you can afford and you try to get an estimate of what it’s going to do next. But this is not very realistic.
Kenan Malik|Moral questions may not have objective answers—whether revealed by God or by science—but they do have rational ones, answers rooted in a rationality that emerges out of social need. That rationality can only be discovered through exercising the human potential for rational dialogue, the potential for thinking about the world, and for discussing, debating and persuading others. Values can never be entirely wrenched apart from facts; but neither can they be collapsed into facts. It is the existence of humans as moral agents that allows us to act as the bridge between facts and values.
Wole Soyinka|Children touch all of our lives. We all have the opportunity to sow seeds into the next generation, and there's nothing more important that we can leave on this earth than a legacy of faith, hope, and confidence in our God.
Diane Ackerman|Some people call this artificial intelligence, but the reality is this technology will enhance us. So instead of artificial intelligence, I think we'll augment our intelligence.
Ron Garan, The Orbital Perspective: Lessons in Seeing the Big Picture from a Journey of 71 Million Miles|He had set up a telescope on a corner of the roof, and we went up to take a look.This is time travel, he said, narrowing an eye to set the lens. Because the light is old. We're seeing back in time.No, we said, wrinkling our noses. We are seeing right now, today.No, he said, the light has to travel to us and it takes millions of years. What you're seeing is time. Excuse me, we said. We were embarrassed to correct him. He seemed so smart. What we're seeing is space.It's space, yes, he said. It's also time. You're seeing what has already happened.
Page  Turner, Poly Land: My Brutally Honest Adventures in Polyamory|If there’s anything I’ve learned from polyamory, it’s that the quickest way to destroy a relationship is to try to make it into something it’s not, to force it into a box that it doesn’t really fit in, and to slap labels on something and assume that those labels give the relationship value. No, no, and no. What you end up with is damaged goods in a mislabeled package that end up absolutely where you didn’t want to send the damn thing in the first place.
Charlotte Joko Beck|Awareness is our true self; it’s what we are. So we don’t have to try to develop awareness; we simply need to notice how we block awareness, with our thoughts, our fantasies, our opinions, and our judgments. We’re either in awareness, which is our natural state, or we’re doing something else. The mark of mature students is that most of the time, they don’t do something else. They’re just here, living their life. Nothing special.
Coco J. Ginger|A POCKET-SIZED GIRLHe keeps me in his pocket for a rainy day; he swears I'm not an object as he yo-yo's me away.A friend is what we'll call it,but my friend, he does not know,each time it rains I love him— so to his pocket, I must go.He thinks he's being clever,but I am not a fool;his love ain't worth a penny,so to my heart I must be cruel.
Charlotte Eriksson|Everything changed when I learned to honour my body instead of fighting it. When I learned to take care of it, like a precious castle to protect this weary heart. To stop harming it, punishing it for looking like this or that, feeling like this or that. I don't look like they all told me I had to do, but I'm healthy and strong and vital. That is enough.
Marcus J. Borg, The God We Never Knew: Beyond Dogmatic Religion to a More Authentic Contemporary Faith|How we think about God matters. It affects the credibility of religion in general and of Christianity in particular. Our concept of God can make God seem real or unreal, just as it can also make God seem remote or near.
A. Philip Randolph|I don't remember any sibling rivalry growing up, because by the time I was really conscious, Tom was going away to college. My relationship with him, which is a very close one, really developed in more recent years.
Miles Harvey, The Island of Lost Maps: A True Story of Cartographic Crime|If the written word has contributed anything at all to our developing species and our half developed culture, it is this: Great writing has been a staff to lean on, a mother to consult, a wisdom to pick up stumbling folly, a strength in weakness and a courage to support sick cowardice.
Marty Rubin|In the dark, words get lost.
Cynthia Occelli, Resurrecting Venus: Embrace Your Feminine Power|Life gives you ups and downs. If you remember only the downs, you are not living your life.
Sloane Crosley|The high arts of literature and music stand in a curious relationship to one another, at once securely comfortable and deeply uneasy - rather like a long-term marriage.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Thanks to bad graphic design, some readers love only the electronic version of some books.
A.A. Milne, The House at Pooh Corner|By the time it came to the edge of the Forest, the stream had grown up, so that it was almost a river, and, being grown-up, it did not run and jump and sparkle along as it used to do when it was younger, but moved more slowly. For it knew now where it was going, and it said to itself, “There is no hurry. We shall get there some day.” But all the little streams higher up in the Forest went this way and that, quickly, eagerly, having so much to find out before it was too late.
H.G. Wells, Great Tales of Horror and the Supernatural|He beheld in swift succession the incidents in the brief tale of his experience. His wretched home, his still more wretched school-days, the years of vicious life he had led since then, one act of selfish dishonour leading to another; it was all clear and pitiless now, all its squalid folly, in the cold light of the dawn. He came to the hut, to the fight with the Porroh man, to the retreat down the river to Sulyma, to the Mendi assassin and his red parcel, to his frantic endeavours to destroy the head, to the growth of his hallucination. It was a hallucination! He knew it was. A hallucination merely. For a moment he snatched at hope. He looked away from the glass, and on the bracket, the inverted head grinned and grimaced at him... With the stiff fingers of his bandaged hand he felt at his neck for the throb of his arteries. The morning was very cold, the steel blade felt like ice.("Pollock And The Porrah Man")
Feather Stone, The Guardian's Wildchild|Sidney, our tomorrows are shaped by the choices we make today. The Dark place we saw may never come to pass if humanity chooses to embrace the Light. As Guardians, it’s our desire to help humanity return to the sacred truths. When you’re old enough, you may choose to cultivate a path of Light for others to follow. It will be dangerous, and you may fail. The choice will be yours.
D'Andre Lampkin|e have men sold to build churches, women sold to support the gospel, and babes sold to purchase Bibles for the poor heathen, all for the glory of God and the good of souls. The slave auctioneer's bell and the church-going bell chime in with each other, and the bitter cries of the heart-broken slave are drowned in the religious shouts of his pious master. Revivals of religion and revivals in the slave trade go hand in hand.
Sunday Adelaja|Your vision is like a seed, which a sower sows in the ground
Steve Jobs|Just really, really believe in what you're trying to do. Don't let people alter that. Let people advise you and lead you down paths to make smart business decisions. But trust your instinct and trust that overwhelming drive that made you put all your dreams and everything on the line.
Giovanna Fletcher, You're the One That I Want|I will never stop loving you, I know it’s a cliché but it’s damn true.
Philip Pullman|Religion begins in story. Yes, it does, because religion is an attempt to make sense of what is incomprehensible to us, what is inexplicable, what is awe-inspiring, what is frightening, what moves us to great wonder, and so on. That is the religious impulse, and it is part of our psychological makeup -- of everyone's psychological makeup.
Susannah Sandlin, Wild Man's Curse|The bones said death was comin', and the bones never lied.Eva Savoie leaned back in the rocking chair and pushed it into motion on the uneven wide-plank floor of the one-room cabin. Her grand pere Julien had built the place more than a century ago, pulling heavy cypress logs from the bayou and sawing them, one by one, into the thick planks she still walked across ever day.She had never known Julien Savoie, but she knew of him. The curse that had stalked her family for three generations had started with her grandfather and what he'd done all those years ago.What he'd brought with him to Whiskey Bayou with blood on his hands.What had driven her daddy to shoot her mama, and then himself, before either turned forty-five.What had led Eva's brother, Antoine, to drown in the bayou only a half mile from this cabin, leaving a wife and infant son behind.What stalked Eva now.
Patricia Highsmith|One situation – maybe one alone – could drive me to murder: family life, togetherness.
Kate Millett|Girl next to me at the baggage counter said she wrote her way to liberation. How did you handle first person narrative, I asked her. And said she knew the hole of depression, had been there. But I am out now, I escaped, I told her. 'You will fall into it again,' she said. Already I was sliding.
Jorge Luis Borges|When writers die they become books, which is, after all, not too bad an incarnation.", The New Yorker, July 7, 1986]
Adam Rapp, Under the Wolf, Under the Dog|For some reason, I kept trying to see how much pubic hair he had. It was all matted and kind of orange, like something you use to scrub soap scum. When he caught me looking, he told me that the landlord on the show – Mr. Furley or whatever his name was – didn’t try hard enough. 	“That guy doesn’t try hard enough, Steve,” he said. I felt weirdly ashamed when he said that. So much so that I went into his room and urinated on his bed.
Joe E. Lewis|I like to tell kids that I started thinking about stories when I first started reading stuff like Dr. Seuss and 'Go, Dog. Go!,' thinking, 'Oh yeah, that's funny. I'd like to do that.' And then writing throughout school, but at the same time I was studying pre-med stuff, because my mom told me I should be a doctor.
Stephen King, Full Dark, No Stars|Life is fair. We all get the same nine-month shake in the box, and then the dice roll. Some people get a run of sevens. Some people, unfortunately, get snake-eyes. Its just how the world is.
Buddha|He is happiest, be he king or peasant, who finds peace in his home.
Safra A. Catz|Power should be reserved for weightlifting and boats, and leadership really involves responsibility.
Rosie Blythe, The Princess Guide to Life|Any relationship (friend, romantic or business) that's one sided isn't one; it's a one way street headed in one direction... nowhere. Cultivation requires input from willing participants.
Agatha Christie, Hallowe'en Party|There was only one thing about his own appearance which really pleased Hercule Poirot, and that was the profusion of his moustaches, and the way they responded to grooming and treatment and trimming. They were magnificent. He knew of nobody else who had any moustache half as good.
Wendy Froud|My mother used to read to me every night when I was little. We got through most of the major fantasy books of that time. The Narnia books by C.S. Lewis were my favorites and, later, Tolkien's The Lord of the Rings. I started making dolls to fill in the gaps of the dolls I had. Obviously we couldn't buy centaurs and fauns and elves and fairies, so I made them to play with the normal dolls I had. I must have been about six years old when I started making fantasy dolls.
Shana Pascoa|Phronesis is a beautiful virtue, practise it and you shall reap the rewards…
Clara Kensie, Aftermath|My Keeper's house. Right there. Brown shingles, dark red shutters, yellow-and-black police tape wrapped around the massive tree trunks. The attic window looks out over the yard and the world narrows until that attic window is the only thing I can see.
Ian Lamont|I am skeptical that distance education based on asynchronous Internet technologies (i.e., prerecorded video, online forums, and email) is a substitute for live classroom discussion and other on-campus interaction. Distance education students can't raise their hands to ask instructors questions or participate in discussions, and it's difficult or impossible for them to take advantage of faculty office hours. Teaching assistants don't always respond to email, and online class discussion boards can be neglected by students and faculty alike. In this sense, the "process of dialogue" is actually limited by technology.
Frederick Buechner|If you don't talk about it, it didn't happen.
Florence Stevenson, The House at Luxor|Trouble is you never knew her. Died too soon. It's always a pity when they die too soon, but maybe it's worse when they live too long.
Wilkie Collins, The Moonstone|You are not to take it, if you please, as the saying of an ignorant man, when I express my opinion that such a book as ROBINSON CRUSOE never was written, and never will be written again. I have tried that book for years—generally in combination with a pipe of tobacco—and I have found it my friend in need in all the necessities of this mortal life. When my spirits are bad—ROBINSON CRUSOE. When I want advice—ROBINSON CRUSOE. In past times when my wife plagued me; in present times when I have had a drop too much—ROBINSON CRUSOE. I have worn out six stout ROBINSON CRUSOES with hard work in my service. On my lady's last birthday she gave me a seventh. I took a drop too much on the strength of it; and ROBINSON CRUSOE put me right again. Price four shillings and sixpence, bound in blue, with a picture into the bargain. 
Ray Mancini, Zen, Meditation & the Art of Shooting: Performance Edge - Sports Edition|HUMANITY IS AN EXPERIMENT:Your present life now is nothing less than a cheap and pathetic imitation of what life supposed to be like, unless you free yourself from the slavery we have all accepted for reality you will never get to paradise.
Bill Bryson, A Walk in the Woods|What on earth would I do if four bears came into my camp? Why, I would die of course. Literally shit myself lifeless.
Khaled Hosseini, And the Mountains Echoed|You are a story worthy of being told,A person made to be loved,With a life meant to be lived.
Juliette Benzoni, Belle Catherine|Ye’re wet,” he groaned.	“I’m underwater.”	“I ken that, bonny. But this dampness has nothing to do with that.
Kaia Gerber|It wasn't like I wanted to be the next Marc Andreessen, but it would be cool to be in the same place.
Steve Earle|No matter how prepared you think you are for the death of a loved one, it still comes as a shock, and it still hurts very deeply.
Cassandra Clare|I'm the warlock who's here to cure you. Didn't they tell you I was coming?"
Ross Mathews|I don't know who the hell Paul Lynde is, or why he's funny, and I prefer it to be a mystery to me.
Guy de Maupassant, The Complete Short Stories of Guy de Maupassant, Part One|The past attracts me, the present frightens me, because the future is death.
Simon Wood, The One That Got Away|We are not the ones who will achieve success and put this world to shame, but God will do this
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Debts are subject to the laws of mathematics rather than physics. Unlike wealth, which is subject to the laws of thermodynamics, debts do not rot with old age and are not consumed in the process of living. On the contrary, they grow at so much per cent per annum, by the well-known mathematical laws of simple and compound interest ... It is this underlying confusion between wealth and debt which has made such a tragedy of the scientific era.
Rebecca Musser, The Witness Wore Red: The 19th Wife Who Brought Polygamous Cult Leaders to Justice|Good God, is the man a heathen?’‘Worse, a capitalist with pretensions of culture.
R.C. Sproul Jr., Believing God: Twelve Biblical Promises Christians Struggle to Accept|Take your Bible and take your newspaper, and read both. But interpret newspapers from your Bible.
Shauna Niequist, Bittersweet: Thoughts on Change, Grace, and Learning the Hard Way|Many of the most deeply spiritual moments of my life haven't happened just in my mind or in my soul. They happened while holding my son in the middle of the night, or watching the water break along the shore, or around my table, watching the people I love feel nourished in all sorts of ways.
John Fowles, The Magus|Peter, who broke his enemies on the rack and hanged them in Red Square, who had his son tortured to death, is Peter the Great. But Nicholas, whose hand was lighter than that of any tsar before him, is "Bloody Nicholas". In human terms, this is irony rich and dramatic, the more so because Nicholas knew what he was called.
Nnedi Okorafor, Akata Witch|Sometimes one is guided by what they say of themselves, and very frequently by what other people say of them, without giving oneself time to deliberate and judge.
Instruction of the Student by Imam al-Zarnuji|Husbandry is the foundation of civilization - all sustenance derives from it, as well as the principal benefits and blessings that civilization brings.
Tabby Biddle, Find Your Voice: A Woman's Call to Action|Our generation of women is clearing the path for our daughters, granddaughters, women and girls down the line, to be safe to be the woman or girl they are.
Becky Albertalli, Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda|But I'm tired of coming out. All I ever do is come out. I try not to change,but I keep changing, in all these tiny ways ..... And every freaking time, I have to reintroduce myself to the universe all over again.
Roshani Chokshi, The Star-Touched Queen|He slept under the sky, holding her hand, filling the gaps between her fingers and losing himself inside the soul in the course of counting the stars, she was hiding inside her eyes.
Mitch Albom, For One More Day|Tell me about your family," I said. And so she did. I listened intently as my mother went through each branch of the tree. Years later, after the funeral, Maria had asked me questions about the family - who was related to whom - and I struggled. I couldn't remember. A big chunk of our history had been buried with my mother. You should never let your past disappear that way.
S.A.  David, Twas Within A Minute|It's a lot like the Wild West out here... just with tea shops instead of saloons. Wild West Sahara, that is.
Kevin  Hart, I Can't Make This Up: Life Lessons|The Universe will give us love, happiness, merriment and laughter if we give others love, happiness, merriment and laughter!
Daniel Handler, Why We Broke Up|The kiss wove between gentle and frenzied, liquid and greedy, silken and primal, and he sucked every second of bliss he could from the forbidden pleasure.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|If your best friend truly is the person who knows you completely and loves you anyway, wouldn't that be your mother?
Plato, The Trial and Death of Socrates|To live a life of excellence, you will have to take risks. You will have to step into new territory and climb new mountains. If you’re up to something that’s as big as you are, it’s going to be scary. If it feels perfectly safe, you are probably underachieving. To leave your mark in the world, you will have to stand someplace you’ve never been willing to stand before. And you will have to have the courage to aspire to excellence.
Kathryn Alesandrini, Survive Information Overload: The 7 Best Ways to Manage Your Workload by Seeing the Big Picture|Our lives are made up of time, and the quality of our existence depends on our wise use of the moments we are given.
Scott Stabile|I don't hate anybody," Tobias said calmly. "It's strange, but right now, I don't even hate the Yeerks. It's like, they're trying to survive. And we're trying to survive. I'm not really sure why it has to be an either-or thing.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Friends 2 Lovers: The Unthinkable|The best foundation for relationships to grow, flourish, and succeed is a deep-rooted friendship.
Henri Poincare|The Polynesians used to have a system where they proclaimed a fishing area as 'taboo.' If any fisherman was caught fishing in a taboo area, they would be killed. The Polynesians understand that the fish had to be given a chance to recover.
Maggie Nelson, The Argonauts|It's true what they say, that a baby gives you a reason to live. But also, a baby is a reason that it is not permissible to die. There are days when this does not feel good.
Jandy Nelson, I'll Give You the Sun|Mile's fingers pressed into the small of my back. "Basorexia," he mumbled."Gesundheit."He laughed. "It's an overwhelming desire to kiss.""I thought you weren't good at figuring out what you felt.""I'm probably using the word in the wrong context. But I'm pretty sure that's what this is.
Victoria Kahler, Their Friend Scarlet|He was like her favorite type of candy, she realized, a bit sour at first but all sweetness in the long run. Admittedly . . . that tartness was part of the allure all along.
Ian Stewart|Most information doesn’t constitute a story. Think of a telephone directory: lots of information, strong cast, but a bit weak on narrative. What counts in a story is its meaning. And that’s a very different concept from information.
Craig Johnson, Kindness Goes Unpunished|The vast and terrible depth."“Of course,” he said.“The inexhaustibility.”“I understand.”“The whole huge nameless thing.”“Yes, absolutely.”“The massive darkness.”“Certainly, certainly.”“The whole terrible endless hugeness.”“I know exactly what you mean.
Michael Biondi|Hands burn for a stone, a bomb, to shiver down the glass. Nothing's changed.
Robert A. Heinlein, Time Enough for Love|The definition of a philosopher is a blind man in a dark room looking for a black hat, which isn’t really there. And the definition of a theologian is he’s somebody who finds it.
Marcel Proust, Time Regained|And the Crooked Man heard her dreams, because that was where he wandered. His place was the land of the imagination, the world where stories began. The stories were always looking for a way to be told, to be brought to life through books and reading. That was how they crossed over from their world into ours. But with them came the Crooked Man, prowling between his world and ours, looking for stories of his own to create, hunting for children who dreamed bad dreams, who were jealous and angry and proud. And he made kings and queens of them, cursing them with a kind of power, even if the real power lay always in his hands. And in return they betrayed the objects of their jealousy to him, and he took them into his lair deep beneath the castle...
Carl von Clausewitz|Courage is not simply one of the virtues, but the form of every virtue at the testing point.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|Although the author dealt some of John Bunyan's conclusions in spiritualizing the details of Solomon's Temple, he attributes to Bunyan a "consecrated ingenuity".
Gautama Buddha|Yes, Kālāmas, it is proper that your have doubt, that you have perplexity, for a doubt has arisen in a matter which is doubtful. Now, look you Kālāmas, do not be led by reports, or traditions, or hearsay. Be not led by the authority of religious texts, not by the delight in speculative opinions, nor by seeming possibilities, not by the idea: 'this is our teacher'. But, O Kālāmas, when you know for yourself that certain things are unwholesome, and wrong, and bad, then give them up... And when you know for yourself that certain things are wholesome and good, then accept them and follow them.
Bernard Knox, The Oedipus Cycle: Oedipus Rex/Oedipus at Colonus/Antigone|If through no fault of his own the hero is crushed by a bulldozer in Act II, we are not impressed. Even though life is often like this—the absconding cashier on his way to Nicaragua is killed in a collision at the airport, the prominent statesman dies of a stroke in the midst of the negotiations he has spent years to bring about, the young lovers are drowned in a boating accident the day before their marriage—such events, the warp and woof of everyday life, seem irrelevant, meaningless. They are crude, undigested, unpurged bits of reality—to draw a metaphor from the late J. Edgar Hoover, they are “raw files.” But it is the function of great art to purge and give meaning to human suffering, and so we expect that if the hero is indeed crushed by a bulldozer in Act II there will be some reason for it, and not just some reason but a good one, one which makes sense in terms of the hero’s personality and action. In fact, we expect to be shown that he is in some way responsible for what happens to him.
Stevie Smith|Raise from your bed of languorRaise from your bed of dismayYour friends will not come tomorrowAs they did not come todayYou must rely on yourself, they said,You must rely on yourself,Oh but I find this pill so bitter said the poor manAs he took it from the shelfCrying, O sweet Death come to meCome to me for company,Sweet Death it is only you I canConstrain for company.
Dada Bhagwan|Shukladhyan (pure contemplation of the Self, the Soul) is the direct cause for moksha (liberation). Dharmadhyan (auspicious contemplation; to hurt no one, give happiness to others) is the indirect cause for moksh (liberation). Artadhyan (inner mournful contemplation that hurts the self) is a cause for a birth in animal life form (non-human). Raudradhyan (wrathful contemplation that hurts the self and others) is a cause for a life in hell.
Will Poulter|My aspiration isn't to be famous; it's to design clothes. If that gets me attention at the end of the day, cool.
Charles Darwin, The Origin of Species|If then the question is put to me whether I would rather have a miserable ape for a grandfather or a man highly endowed by nature and possessed of great means of influence and yet employs these faculties and that influence for the mere purpose of introducing ridicule into a grave scientific discussion, I unhesitatingly affirm my preference for the ape.
Jibankrishna|How do I recognize a real saint? Whom I shall see within me whether it is in dreams or trances or meditations, He will be the Saint to me. Because God is the only Saint in this world. He is within our bodies. When He will manifest within my body in the form of a person, he will be saint to me.
Patrick James Balthazor|My Eyes Are Open But I'm Hardly Looking In The Front.... Everything's Passing Me, Some Are Staring But My Eyes Are Blank, I'm Seeing But Not Seeing As My Mind Is Not Sending The Message To My Brains To Produce Images.... I'm Walking Alone Yet Full of People Around Me.... I'm Walking Forward.... There's No Feeling As I'm Numb.... Only Thing I Know, I Have To Finish My Ride Before My Time Expires.... So I'm Walking With Blank Emotion In My Eyes.... (* Excerpt From My Novel "Eastern Promise")
Kooch and Victor Daniels|She had always experienced big, intense emotions here at Lover's Leap. Under this huge sky, surrounded by infinite beauty, she had grieved to the depths of her soul. Here, she had loved freely and completely with every fiber of her being. On this little piece of the planet, she had embraced her inner turmoil, suffered through her unbound grief, and surrendered to soul-shattering heartache.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|If we never have headaches through rebuking our children, we shall have plenty of heartaches when they grow up.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Moon and Sixpence|To my mind the most interesting thing in art is the personality of the artist; and if that is singular, I am willing to excuse a thousand faults.
Alan Moore, Tom Strong, Book 2|If you are foolish enough to be contented, don't show it, but grumble with the rest; and if you can do with a little, ask for a great deal. Because if you don't you won't get any.
Graham Greene, The Living Room|She was like a landscape you see from the train, and you want to stop just there.
Grace Akallo|...The singing of a man cast away upon a desolate island might be as appropriately considered as evidence of contentment and happiness, as the singing of a slave; the songs of the one and of the other are prompted by the same emotion.
Richard Lathrop|He or she who gets hired is not necessarily the one who can do that job best; but, the one who knows the most about how to get hired.
Ron Paul|That's part of American greatness, is discrimination. Yes, sir. Inequality, I think, breeds freedom and gives a man opportunity.
Tim Kreider, We Learn Nothing|I'm always angry about the death of people who are still alive, their eyes are opened, yet they can't see anything...the spell of ignorance
Debasish Mridha|Love is the essence of life,Love is the universal language of all creation,Love is the eternal desire,Love is the life's flower with fragrance to share,So feel the longing for love and being beloved.
Vladimir Nabokov, Bend Sinister|We live in a stocking which is in the process of being turned inside out, without our ever knowing for sure to what phase of the process our moment of consciousness corresponds.
Liz Jensen, The Rapture|Lord, What a terrible shame. You're so attractive!'I know, I want to tell her. It should have happened to someone really ugly. And then it wouldn't have mattered.
Roger Scruton, England: An Elegy|The heretic is the one who speaks against the community from a place within its territory. He is the enemy within. The heathen, by contrast, is safely behind the walls, excluded by his own invincible arrogance.
Cory Duchesne|The wild nature has a vast integrity to it. It means to establish one's territory, to find one's pack, to be in one's body with certainty and pride regardless of the body's gifts and limitations, to speak and act in one's own behalf, to be aware, alert, to draw on the innate feminine powers of intuition and sensing, to come into one's cycles, to find what one belongs to, to rise with dignity, to retain as much consciousness as possible. -Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With The Wolves, Singing Over The Bones, P10.
Melia Keeton-Digby, The Heroines Club: A Mother-Daughter Empowerment Circle|And to Tiger Lily he suddenly, inexplicably, seemed older than her, and wiser, and the thought hit her hard that it wasn't fair, because she'd suffered, and there he was, looking like he knew so much more than she ever would.
Charles Benoit, You|His ambition was not to become wealthy or to be well known, an image which society for some reason dictates each individual should prescribe to, instead his only ambition was to be at peace with himself, if he could achieve that than anything else he might need would follow. From now on he would question all things in life, but especially the rules and regulations of all authority institutions; he would take nothing on face value and only would accept what he personally knew to undeniably be true.
George Bernard Shaw|Why should we take advice on sex from the pope? If he knows anything about it, he shouldn't!
Karen A. Baquiran|We can easily be depleted from life and if we are truly lucky, we have that one friend who can replenish our love and peace. In our moment of revival, we can use that surrogate strength to create more... May we continue to make more.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|There is only that moment, and the incredible certainty that everything under the sun has been written by one hand only. It is the hand that evokes love, and creates a twin soul for every person in the world. Without such love, one's dreams would have no meaning.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Your Skin is not a deprivation, your life is not a defeat, the fact that you call yourself black does not mean that your eyes, soul and brain are black try to whiten yourself. If they blackmail you, whitemail yourself.Don't allow people's opinion to pin you down. Build yourself above the standard of slavery.
Shannon L. Alder|Every journey taken always includes the path not taken, the detour through hell, the crossroads of indecision and the long way home.
Eileen Anglin|A peaceful heart forgives, and forgiveness will transform our lives and our planet.
Yangthang Rinpoche|Because of the Dharma, my mind was more free in prison than worldly people experience in the best of circumstances.
Amelia Boynton Robinson|Get off of my shoulders. The foundation has been laid, now its time for you to build on it and get to work.
Toni Bentley, Winter Season: A Dancer's Journal|Afterwards Isabelle often wondered if the moments themselves were greater or the memory of them. At least the memory did not pass, while the moments passed all too fast. Life whizzed by; she no longer had time to recollect it. Her notebooks to this day retain the story of her desperate attempt to hold together her self, her mind, her reason, her order, her morals.
James Rhodes, Instrumental: A Memoir of Madness, Medication, and Music|I was used, fucked, broken, toyed with and violated from the age of six.
Thomas Hughes, Tom Brown's Schooldays|Most will regret opening up the doors to truth, while others will cower at thought of living an illusion. In the end, does impracticality defeat curiosity?
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|And suddenly it's all so ridiculously and stupidly clear I feel like laughing. This is what I want. This is the only thing i've ever wanted. Everything else---every single second of every single day that has come before this very moment, this kiss---has meant nothing.
Matthew Syed, Black Box Thinking: Why Some People Never Learn from Their Mistakes - But Some Do|Creativity is, in many respects, a response.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|May we embrace one another with love, a smile and a warm hug?
Deeanne Gist, A Bride Most Begrudging|Lord Randall barreled inside, brandishing his cane in Drew's face."You beggarly knave, I was told this marriage was in name only! Who gave you permission to consummate the vows?""Theodore Hopkin, governor of this colony, representative of the kind, and it's going to cost you plenty, for that daughter of yours is nothing but trouble. What in the blazes were you thinking to allow her an education?"Drew bit back his smile at the man's shocked expression. Nothing like landing the first punch.Lord Randall furrowed his bushy gray brows."I knew not about her education until it was too late."Drew straightened the cuffs of his shirt. "Well, be prepared to pay dearly for it. No man should have to suffer through what I do with the constant spouting of the most addlepated word puzzles you could imagine."-----------------------------------------"I require fifteen thousand pounds."Lord Randall spewed ale across the floor. "What! Surely drink has tickled your poor brain. You're a FARMER, you impudent rascal. I'll give you five thousand."Drew plopped his drink onto the table at his side, its contents sloshing over the rim. A satisfied smile broke across his face."Excellent." He stood."When will you take her back to England with you? Today? Tomorrow?"The old man's red-rimmed eyes widened. "I cannot take her back. Why, she's already birthed a child!" Drew shrugged. "Fifteen thousand or I send her AND the babe back, with or without you.
Joyce Rachelle|The very best thing about landing in that grave? Perspective.So I peer through this morning's prism: a science test looming in second period, an a-hole of a coach who probably could have used more childhood therapy than I got, and a tell-tale tampon under my foot.I consider the clawed tiger on the bed, the one wearing the zebra-printed sports bra - the same tiger that every Sunday transforms into the girl who voluntarily walks next door to help sort Miss Effie's medicine into her days-of-the-week pill container. The one who pretended her ankle hurt one day last week so the backup settler on her volleyball team would get to play on her birthday.
Daphne du Maurier, Rebecca|They were all fitting into place, the jig-saw pieces. The odd strained shapes that I had tried to piece together with my fumbling fingers and they had never fitted. Frank's odd manner when I spoke about Rebecca. Beatrice and her rather diffident negative attitude. The silence that I had always taken for sympathy and regret was a silence born of shame and embarrassment. It seemed incredible to me now that I had never understood. I wondered how many people there were in the world who suffered, and continued to suffer, because they could not break out from their own web of shyness and reserve, and in their blindness and folly built up a great wall in front of them that hid the truth. This was what I had done. I had built up false pictures in my mind and sat before them. I had never had the courage to demand the truth. Had I made one step forward out of my own shyness Maxim would have told these things four months, five months ago.
Giacomo Casanova|To lead a blameless life you must curb your passions , and whatever misfortune may befall you cannot be ascribed by anyone to want of good luck, or attributed to fate; these words are devoid of sense, and all fault will rightly fall on your own head.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The small smiles everybody wanted to try to figure out – they meant nothing, really. She wasn't so good at talking and the smiles made up for it. They filled the spaces in which she ought to have answers for things with something that gave people more questions.
Emha Ainun Nadjib|You must become a free man so that you have “Sidik Paningal; Java” (lucidity and precision of sight). Later, you achieve the peak of detachment of sight (Ma’rifat), where you see something to the horizon with great clarity. Do not take another step before you are certain that the path you take is the right one. Failure is another matter; what matters is precision.
Thomas Dekooning, The Corsican Dove|Thanks to Dashiell Hammett. "He was thin, walked with a stick, and was the only private dick I knew who used the pockets of his sport coat. Maybe that means something, maybe not." Ramone Ramone, 2013
Wendy Wunder|you can pass a football,you can gas,but you yourself cannot just pass~cam after lilly's mother informs her that lilly has passed
Joyce Carol Oates|People in the CIA, they marry each other. They're like actors! We have to travel without much warning to far-flung places, and it's very hard to communicate what our experiences are like to those in the outside world.
Philippa Pearce, Tom's Midnight Garden|Nothing stands still, except in our memory.
|I would never dream of killing an excellent tailor, not even to keep a secret that could endanger my life.
Nicole R. Locker, Tragedy and Desire|Call it what you like, my lady, but it is still spying.
Chris Rock|You cannot win in a fight against women, cause men have a need to make sense
Stephanie Beatriz|I've done a lot of dramedies in my career. You know, I started as a standup comic, and then the movies that I was doing, like 'Up Side of Anger' were kind of like - they're hard. They're hard to sell; they're hard to get made, you know.
Henry Fielding, Amelia|Your face expresses a simple majesty, your look is that of a captive princess.
P.C. Cast, Burned|Reluctantly, I pulled out my necklace and showed it to them.Samuel frowned. The little figure was stylized; I suppose he couldn't tell what it was at first."A dog?" asked Zee, staring at my necklace."A lamb," I said defensively, tucking it safely back under my shirt. "Because one of Christ's names is 'The Lamb of God.'"Samuel's shoulders shook slightly. "I can see it now, Mercy holding a roomful of vampire at bay with her glowing sheep."I gave his shoulder a hard push, aware of the heat climbing to my cheeks, but it didn't help. He sang in a soft taunting voice, "Mercy had a little lamb...
Amy Neftzger, The Orphanage of Miracles|Choices are powerful things. In fact, they’re more powerful than most things.
Johnny Rich, The Human Script|There is a secret layer of humanity that lies just beneath the surface of man, a secret layer where our fears and insecurities hide, that when touched in this secret place men and woman are somehow liberated.
Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy|Even before the letter he'd been divided: one part of him swanning with Jay Gatsby around an imaginary Gotham; the other part stolid and earthbound, nose to the deep fryer, in the stifling, sizzling South.
Jonathan Swift|A tart temper never mellows with age, and a sharp tongue is the only edged tool that grows keener with constant use.
Neel Burton|Universities, he (William Dershowitz) says, have been absorbed into the commercial ethos. Instead of being intervals of freedom, they are breeding grounds for advancement. Students are too busy jumping through the next hurdle in the résumé race to figure out what they really want. They are too frantic tasting everything on the smorgasbord to have life-altering encounters. They have a terror of closing off options. They have been inculcated with a lust for prestige and a fear of doing things that may put their status at risk.
Jojo Moyes, After You|(From the Q&A with the author at the end of the book.)Have any readers ever asked questions that shocked you?I have gotten one question repeatedly from young men. These are guys who liked the book, but they are honestly confused. They ask me why Melinda was so upset about being raped.The first dozen times I heard this, I was horrified. But I heard it over and over again. I realized that many young men are not being taught the impact that sexual assault has on a woman. They are inundated by sexual imagery in the media, and often come to the (incorrect) conclusion that having sex is not a big deal. This, no doubt, is why the number of sexual assaults is so high.I am also shocked by adults who feel that rape is an inappropriate topic to discuss with teenagers. According to the U.S. Department of Justice, 44 percent of rape victims are under the age of 18 and 46 percent of those victims are between the ages of 12-15. It makes adults uncomfortable to acknowledge this, but our inability to speak clearly and openly about sexual issues endangers our children. It is immoral not to discuss this with them.
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|When I returned to New York, it had already changed. I always wished things could just remain.
Henry N. Beard, Poetry for Cats: The Definitive Anthology of Distinguished Feline Verse|I situate myself, and seat myself,And where you recline I shall recline,For every armchair belonging to you as good as belongs to me.I loaf and curl up my tailI yawn and loaf at my ease after rolling in the catnip p
Maggie Stiefvater, Forever|In the darkness, he is invisible, but I can still feel him beside me. Sometimes you don't have to see something to know it is there.
Sarah Brocious, More Than Scars|You have always been home for me, and nothing has been the same without you...
L.J. Smith|Ah, come now. I look like an angel, but I'm not. The old rules of nature encompass many creatures like me. We're beautiful like the diamond-backed snake, or the striped tiger, yet we're merciless killers
Jack London, The Mutiny of the Elsinore|Says O'Sullivan to me, "Mr. Fay, I'll have a word wid yeh?" "Certainly," says I; "what can I do for you?" "Sell me your sea- boots, Mr. Fay," says O'Sullivan, polite as can be. "But what will you be wantin' of them?" says I. "'Twill be a great favour," says O'Sullivan. "But it's my only pair," says I; "and you have a pair of your own," says I. "Mr. Fay, I'll be needin' me own in bad weather," says O'Sullivan. "Besides," says I, "you have no money." "I'll pay for them when we pay off in Seattle," says O'Sullivan. "I'll not do it," says I; "besides, you're not tellin' me what you'll be doin' with them." "But I will tell yeh," says O'Sullivan; "I'm wantin' to throw 'em over the side." And with that I turns to walk away, but O'Sullivan says, very polite and seducin'-like, still a-stroppin' the razor, "Mr. Fay," says he, "will you kindly step this way an' have your throat cut?" And with that I knew my life was in danger, and I have come to make report to you, sir, that the man is a violent lunatic.
Rolf Harris|'Try Again' - every time I hear that song, it just brings a smile to your face. When you're feeling like crap, and you hear, 'Dust yourself off and try again,' it kind of just puts you in a different mindset, 100 percent.
Eoin Colfer|Live then, beloved children of my heart, and never forget that, until the day God deigns to reveal the future to man, the sum of all human wisdom will be contained in these two words; Wait and Hope.
Christopher Hitchens, god is Not Great: How Religion Poisons Everything|...for my master, bad as I have thought him, is not half so bad as this woman.--To be sure she must be an atheist!
Saint Augustine|Freedom of speech means freedom for those who you despise, and freedom to express the most despicable views. It also means that the government cannot pick and choose which expressions to authorize and which to prevent.
Thomas Browne|Success is like death. The more successful you become, the higher the houses in the hills get and the higher the fences get.
Judy Moore|Sometimes the memories seemed too much and I couldn't understand how I'd stayed so calm when these things actually happened, but lost my breath in the shadowy remembrances.
Alyson Noel, Night Star|Press close, bare-bosomed Night! Press close, magnetic, nourishing Night!Night of south winds! Night of the large, few stars!Still, nodding Night! Mad, naked, Summer Night!from Strophe 21, "Song of Myself
G. Willow Wilson, Alif the Unseen|What naive garbage. People don't want freedom anymore--even those to whom freedom is a kind of religion are afraid of it, like trembling acolytes who make sacrifices to some pagan god. People want their governments to keep secrets from them. They want the hand of law to be brutal. They are so terrified by their own power that they will vote to have it taken out of their hands. Look at America. Look at the sharia states. Freedom is a dead philosophy, Alif. The world is returning to its natural state, to the rule of the weak by the strong. Young as you are, it's you who are out of touch, not me.
Shannon Hale|What she had long believed was not true, and now the world was wide open to discover what was.It is like all my life I thought the sky was green.
Missy Lyons, Alien Promise|I think it is true to say only an inferior person has rights. When you hear a person talking about his rights, you may be sure he is trying to gain by dint of shouting something which he lacks ( or had and lost) by reason of some culpable deficiency in himself.
Anna Deavere Smith|I remember the fact that milk was delivered every day by a milkman. In summer, my mother would make what now seem in my middle-aged imagination the most delicious iced milkshakes.
Cressida Cowell, How to Speak Dragonese|You wanted to ride, my nasty girl, so fucking ride,” Sander challenged.
Israel Zangwill, The Big Bow Mystery|The Creator has – I say it in all reverence - drawn a myriad red herrings across the track, but the true scientist refuses to be baffled by superficial appearances in detecting the secrets of Nature. The vulgar herd catches at the gross apparent fact, but the man of insight knows what lies on the surfaces does lie.
St. Clair, Georgette|I’m brutally honest.”              “No kidding. Sometimes a little too honest. There’s this word called tact, it’s in the dictionary under the letter T.”“I don’t believe you, I think you just made that word up.
Susan Barbara Apollon, Touched by the Extraordinary|Given the fact that intuition is about receiving information and knowledge, something that every human being frequently experiences, the choice becomes ours as to whether or not we honor the incoming information we receive.
Chloe Rattray, Sacré Noir|A week feels like a year when you’re seventeen and in love. A twenty minute drive might as well be an ocean. But we were together again and the whole world was rejoicing, even the gravel crunched melodiously under our feet as we danced onward through the night.
Hugh Laurie, The Gun Seller|It was the sheer variety of the pain that stopped me from crying out. It came from so many places, spoke so many languages, wore so many dazzling varieties of ethnic costume, that for a full fifteen seconds I could only hang my jaw in amazement.
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|Even when you don't see old age coming, you can wave it goodbye
Father Jacques Philippe|Do everything with the greatest possible calm and serenity and out of the greatest, purest and holiest love of Jesus and Mary.
Abhishek Kumar, Stardust Family - We Are One!|Don't wait to celebrate life until you retire, because you never know the day you will expire.
Nancy Garden, Annie on My Mind|There is nothing like a conflict to do the difficult work for you. It is an underrated remedy, cowardly as we are, but it makes everything so much easier.
Hubert Martin|My scars show you I've been strong enough to endure the trauma of the world. My heart has no scars, my heart hangs in tatters only visible to those who see with more than their eyes. And my soul, well, my soul is comprised of pristine shatter, held together only because each individual piece is falling apart. They fall apart the right way though, that's why I still play this facade of being one and whole.
Marshall Sahlins, Stone Age Economics|If we try to run the economy for the benefit of a single group or class, we shall injure or destroy all groups, including the members of the very class for whose benefit we have been trying to run it. We must run the economy for everybody
Mahbud|If books had not bound together the experiences of former generations, the shackles of later generations in their forgetfulness would not have been loosed.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Every New Year brings new expectations, new enthusiasms and new experiences.
Anthony Liccione|When I was young, I thought I was a bird at one time. Then they told me I can't fly, so I stopped flying.
Sebastian Barry, The Secret Scripture|When I stand and contemplate my fate and see the path along which you have led me, what's the rest of it?
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|He didnt know what was defeating him, but he sensed it was something he could not cope with, something that was far beyond his power to control or even at this point in time comprehend. 
Jeaniene Frost, This Side of the Grave|Because you´re not a one night girl Irish.' Leaning in to place a kiss on my jawline he whispers, 'You're my forever girl.
|If you put your fears and doubts behind you, you would surely discover that you too have the seeds of greatness in you.
Erich Fromm, The Art of Being|If other people do not understand our behavior—so what? Their request that we must only do what they understand is an attempt to dictate to us. If this is being "asocial" or "irrational" in their eyes, so be it. Mostly they resent our freedom and our courage to be ourselves. We owe nobody an explanation or an accounting, as long as our acts do not hurt or infringe on them. How many lives have been ruined by this need to "explain," which usually implies that the explanation be "understood," i.e. approved. Let your deeds be judged, and from your deeds, your real intentions, but know that a free person owes an explanation only to himself—to his reason and his conscience—and to the few who may have a justified claim for explanation.
Shubham Choudhary|To broaden your thinking, you have to expand the scope of your mind and imagination
Helen Mirren|Even Helen Keller, who was born blind and deaf, could see God. No doubt, in her silent darkness, every fragrant flower, every ray of the warm sun, every taste that touched her tongue told her that there was a God who created all things. Jodie Foster shouldn't therefore be surprised that people are surprised that she's an atheist.
Katherine Valdez|Tonight was a perfect illustration of why Cinderella and the Prince get married twenty-four hours after they meet. Because when you're living with your stepmother, there is no happily ever after.
Gabrielle Union|I leave work by 6:30 P.M. so I can spend some time with the children. Inevitably, we'll end up watching basketball or football. I live in a house of boys, and they're all sports mad, so I don't stand a chance.
Jonathan Safran Foer|Mother is a humble woman. Very, very humble. She toils at a small café one hour distance from our home. She presents food and drink to customers there, and says to me, "I mount the autobus for an hour to work all day doing things I hate. You want to know why? It is for you, Alexi-stop-spleening-me! One day you will do things for me that you hate. That is what it means to be a family." What she does not clutch is that I already do things for her that I hate. I listen to her when she talks to me. I resist complaining about my pygmy allowance. And did I mention that I do not spleen her nearly so much as I desire to? But I do not do these things because we are a family. I do them because they are common decencies. That is an idiom that the hero taught me. I do them because I am not a big fucking asshole. That is another idiom that the hero taught me.
Charles Darwin, The Origin of Species|My challenge to you today is to observe your thoughts and internal dialogue and recognize if and when you speak poorly to yourself. We all have moments of self-deprecation and very often we are too hard on ourselves. Today, start to be caring and supportive of yourself. Observe that little voice in your head and say something positive to yourself instead!
St. Faustina Kowalska|Great love can change small things into great ones, and it is only love which lends value to our actions. And the purer our love becomes, the less there will be within us for the flames of suffering to feed upon, and the suffering will cease to be a suffering for us; it will become a delight! By the grace of God, I have received such a disposition of heart that I am never so happy as when I suffer for Jesus, whom I love with every beat of my heart.
Alan Kinross, Longinus the Vampire|I heard her scream one night while she was sleeping.Heard but didn't see.When I turned, there was nothing.No one.Only darkness.But I know what I heard.
S.J. Parris, Heresy|How much suffering did you lay on yourself before you awakened and recognized that guilt is deadly, and empty, and profitless?
John  Williams|My identity is not it, which given by the community. my identity is my natural mask.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Kindness solves more problems than diplomacy, wealth, intelligence, clout, force, law, and dominion combined.
Anonymous|If traveling was free, you'd never see me again.
Nadeem Aslam, The Wasted Vigil|On the journey towards the beloved, you live by dying at every step
Max Brooks, World War Z: An Oral History of the Zombie War|At its strongest and wildest and most authentic, love is a demon. It is a religion, a high-risk adventure, an act of heroism. Love is ecstasy and injury, transcendence and danger, altruism and excess. In many ways, it is a divine madness.
Anthony Liccione|Keep a smile, It will enrich your profile.Don't be sad,It only effects bad.
Marcus du Sautoy|I'm enormously interested to see where neuroscience can take us in understanding these complexities of the human brain and how it works, but I do think there may be limits in terms of what science can tell us about what does good and evil mean anyway, and what are those concepts about?
Megan McKenna, And Morning Came: Scriptures of the Resurrection|The more spiritual successes that Edwards experienced, the more he seemed to intentionally infuse his sermons with language deemed to move a person’s emotional center—their souls—to spiritually and physically respond.
Ian Somerhalder|The Futures Bright, Wear Your Sunglasses
Simona Panova, Nightmarish Sacrifice|Even I don’t know myself... In fact, I don’t know if I really have a self at all, as I’m constantly playing different roles and pretending – not so much on stage as in real life...
C.J. Duggan, The Boys of Summer|A 'T' for Tess, a 'T' for Toby.
Terry Spear, SEAL Wolf Hunting|Did you hear what I said?"	"I'm still getting over being chased by a bear." The bear was nothing compared to seeing Lori naked.	"Right." Then she pulled on her jeans.
James John Tritten|Life is not as easy as just picking a wild flower and calling it a rose,it is more tasking in the event that the very simple things on earth may overcome our finger's manipulative capacity and dexterity, that it cost us a lot
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|To be able to open the heart again after betrayal, injury, or loss is a precious act. It requires both courage and compassion. It requires a new movement to emerge from the depths of grief. Forgiveness is one of the most certain paths to restoration, and it is also one of the most difficult. However, it is an attempt to return to wholeness, once again, by letting go and freeing myself from the tight clutch and heavy burden of caution, anger, resentment, and the desire for revenge and punishment. In forgiving others, I free myself towards belonging and wholeness, be it with the person I am forgiving, or with myself.
Tamara L. Chilver|Teach the child, not just the curriculum.
Denis Waitley|Everything that is past is either a learning experience to grow on, a beautiful memory to reflect on, or a motivating factor to act upon.
Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel|The magic beauty of simultaneity, to see the loved one rushing toward you at the same moment you are rushing toward him, the magic power of meeting, exactly at midnight to achieve union, the illusion of one common rhythm achieved by overcoming obstacles, deserting friends, breaking other bonds - all this was soon dissolved by his laziness, by his habit of missing every moment, of never keeping his word, of living perversely in a state of chaos, of swimming more naturally in a sea of failed intentions, broken promises, and aborted wishes
John Steinbeck, Cannery Row|It’s all fine to say, “Time will heal everything, this too shall pass away. People will forget”—and things like that when you are not involved, but when you are there is no passage of time, people do not forget and you are in the middle of something that does not change.
Charles Dickens, Hard Times|The dreams of childhood—its airy fables; its graceful, beautiful, humane, impossible adornments of the world beyond: so good to be believed-in once, so good to be remembered when outgrown, for the least among them rises to the stature of a great Charity in the heart, suffering the little children to come into the midst of it, and to keep with their pure hands a garden in the stony ways of this world
Jim Krueger, Justice, Volume 1|When we try to control, we become controlled; when we release, we become free.
David Hume, Essays: Moral, Political and Literary|Libraries are the mainstays of democracy. The first thing dictators do when taking over a country is close all the libraries, because libraries are full of ideas and differences of opinion, all the things we say we want in a free and open society. So keep ‘em, fund ‘em, embrace and cherish ‘em.
Tiffany Reisz, The King|Kink crowds are the same the world over. The good ones are already taken, the hot ones only talk to each other, and everyone else is desperate.
David Alejandro Fearnhead|Life is not a competition between men and women, it is a collaboration.
Noam Chomsky, New Horizons in the Study of Language and Mind|Man acts as though he were the sharper and the master of language, while in fact language remains the master of man.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|So far as variations in the objective exchange-value of money are foreseen, they influence the terms of credit transactions. If a future fall in the purchasing power of the monetary unit has to be reckoned with, lenders must be prepared for the fact that the sum of money which a debtor repays at the conclusion of the transaction will have a smaller purchasing power than the sum originally lent. Lenders, in fact, would do better not to lend at all, but to buy other goods with their money. The contrary is true for debtors. If they buy commodities with the money they have borrowed and sell them again after a time, they will retain a surplus over and above the sum that they have to pay back. The credit transaction results in a gain for them. Consequently it is not difficult to understand that, so long as continued depreciation is to be reckoned with, those who lend money demand higher rates of interest and those who borrow money are willing to pay the higher rates. If, on the other hand, it is expected that the value of money will increase, then the rate of interest will be lower than it would otherwise have been.
Pat Shand, Destiny, NY, Volume One: Who I Used to Be|Hear folks talkin' about how some of us got the weight of the world on our shoulders? Fuck, maybe we do, but I'll hold onto it. At least it's somethin', you know?
Lois Greiman, Unscrewed|In my experience, "what the hell" is generally the most interesting decision.
John C. Maxwell|Leaders must be close enough to relate to others, but far enough ahead to motivate them.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Our can-do culture has made many of us believe that we should always be self-sufficient. Somewhere along the way, we also got the message that asking for help is a sign of weakness. We often forget that we’re interdependent creatures whose very existence depends on the kindness of others, including—with a bow to Tennessee Williams—strangers.
Jon Batiste|Technology is something you have to embrace because technology is part of our generation. Digital natives, for instance, are people who grew up in a world that always had the Internet and who always had smartphones. Millennials aren't too far behind: my generation of people, who were in the mix of the Internet when it first came out.
Alexandra Katehakis, Erotic Intelligence: Igniting Hot, Healthy Sex While in Recovery from Sex Addiction|When you are secure in yourself, know what turns you on, and enjoy watching your partner watch you experience sexual pleasure, you have a highly novel relationship grounded in love. The experience of seeing and being seen fuels lust and desire. This is exactly the way you integrate healthy lust and love into your sex life. It’s relational sex, not the old pornographic sex of past addictions.
Paul Éluard|The poet is much more the one who inspires,than the one who is inspired.
Samuel Richardson|I think that women just have a primeval instinct to make soup, which they will try to foist on anybody who looks like a likely candidate.
Jan Struther, Mrs. Miniver|For really it was the refinement of civilized cruelty, this spick, span, and ingenious affair of shining leather and gleaming steel, which hoisted you and tilted you and fitted reassuringly into the small of your back and cupped your head tenderly between padded cushions. It ensured for you a more complete muscular relaxation than any armchair that you could buy for your own home: but it left your tormented nerves without even the solace of a counter-irritant. In the old days the victim's attention had at least been distracted by an ache in the back, a crick in the neck, pins and needles in the legs, and the uneasy tickling of plush under the palm. But now, too efficiently suspended between heaven and earth, you were at liberty to concentrate on hell.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you cannot sleep, sing to your soul.
Paul Park, All Those Vanished Engines|Seriously, I ‘ve got to know if I need to protect you from people running with pencils." ~ Laney
Kelseyleigh Reber, If I Fall|That is life, isn’t it? Fate. Luck. Chance. A long series of what-if’s that lead from one moment to the next, time never pausing for you to catch your breath, to make sense of the cards that have been handed to you. And all you can do is play your cards and hope for the best, because in the end, it all comes back to those three basics.Fate. Luck. Chance.
Santosh Avvannavar, Get a Job WITHOUT an Interview - Google and Beyond: "We don't mind to lose a good applicant, but definitely not hire a bad applicant."|Job seekers, please contact me, I have a job for you to save the earth.
Tara K. Harper, Wolfwalker|The strength to go on must come from within, not without, or it crushes instead of building up the heart.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Surely, the Creator was with me in every circumstance. He has granted me a successful completion of my doctorate degree.
Denis Diderot|Money can't buy happiness, but it can make you awfully comfortable while you're being miserable.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Fear is an assassin; if you let it in your life, it will kill your dreams.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Think of working forever at something you love to do, for [the] one you love with all your heart, and never getting tired! We will never know weariness in heaven.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|I am larger, better than I thought; I did not know I held so much goodness.All seems beautiful to me.Whoever denies me, it shall not trouble me;	Whoever accepts me, he or she shall be blessed, and shall bless me.
W. Clement Stone|I started singing about three years ago, I entered a local singing competition called Stratford Idol. The other people in the competition had been taking singing lessons and had vocal coaches. I wasn't taking it too seriously at the time, I would just sing around the house. I was only 12 and I got second place.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|What you do teaches faster, and has a lasting impression, far beyond what you say.
Agatha Christie, Towards Zero|You are young," said my father. "You won't get any younger even if you clean your teeth twice a day.""You'll get older," said my mother, "that's what happens.""Then what happens?""You won't be able to find the treasure.""Will I be too old to look for it?""No, but you'll be looking in the wrong place.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|To her own heart, which was shaped exactly like a valentine, there came a winglike palpitation, a delicate exigency, and all the fragrance of all the flowery springtime love affairs that ever were seemed waiting for them in the whisky bottle. To mingle their pain their handshake had promised them, was to produce a separate entity, like a child that could shift for itself, and they scrambled hastily toward this profound and pastoral experience.
Derek Landy, Last Stand of Dead Men|I am what prevents the Accelerator from being a bomb.""Except you didn't," said Gracious. "Because you weren't around.""I got bored.""You're a machine.""Machines can become bored, too."Gracious looked suddenly concerned. "My toaster is bored?""Perhaps, " said the Engineer. "I do not know many toasters.
Wendy Walker, All Is Not Forgotten|He was that driven, that smart. But he could not sit still within himself.
Mac MacKenzie|The spiritual journey is an adventure of exploration that gradually starts to open up before us when we are ready to begin asking the questions, “Who am I? and “Who are you?
Sheri S. Tepper, Raising the Stones|Man constantly prayed to God for peace, but peace never happened, so he decided that his god must really want war because the other side was sinful. Man invented and extolled virtues which could only be exemplified under conditions of war, like heroism and gallantry and honor, and he gave himself laurel wreaths or booty or medals for such things, thus rewarding himself for behaving well while sinning. He did it when he was a primitive, and he went on with it after he thought he was civilized.
W.B. Yeats|An aged man is but a paltry thing,A tattered coat upon a stick, unlessSoul clap its hands and sing, and louder singFor every tatter in its mortal dress
Tamara Stamenkovic|Cesto kazemo da smo emotivno nedostupni,ali nas pogled prevari i kaze da smo uvek dostupni.
Ashim Shanker|Let me take once again a rough parable. Suppose I advertised in the papers that I had a place for any one who was too stupid to be a clerk. Probably I should receive no replies; possibly one. Possibly also (nay, probably) it would be from the one man who was not stupid at all. But suppose I had advertised that I had a place for any one who was too clever to be a clerk. My office would be instantly besieged by all the most hopeless fools in the four kingdoms. To advertise for exceptions is simply to advertise for egoists. To advertise for egoists is to advertise for idiots. It is exactly the bore who does think that his case is interesting. It is precisely the really common person who does think that his case is uncommon. It is always the dull man who does think himself rather wild. To ask solely for strange experiences of the soul is simply to let loose all the imbecile asylums about one's ears.
Pythagoras|If there be light, then there is darkness; if cold, heat; if height, depth; if solid, fluid; if hard, soft; if rough, smooth; if calm, tempest; if prosperity, adversity; if life, death.
Jennifer Donnelly, The Wild Rose|Life, Rose well knew, could throw some hard punches at you, but nothing hurt as much as losing a child, or seeing one of your children hurt and suffering. Becoming a parent changed you forever, as nothing else could. Not good or bad fortune. Not friendships. Not even a man or a woman.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Of all the gifts, love is the greatest gift.
Elizabeth Peters, Borrower of the Night|Everything has happened before - not once, but over and over again. We may not be able to solve our problems through what are pompously called "the lessons of history," but at least we should be able to recognize the issues and perhaps avoid some of the solutions that have failed in the past. And we can take heart in our own dilemma by realizing that other people in other times have survived worse.
Christopher Wren|They say that dogs may dream, and when Topsy was old, his feet would move in his sleep. With his eyes closed he would often make a noise that sounded quite human, as if greeting someone in his dreams. At first it seemed that he believed Sara would return, but as the years went by I understood that his loyalty asked for no reward, and that love comes in unexpected forms. His wish was small, as hers had been -- merely to be beside her. As for me, I already knew I would never get what I wanted.
Joanna Connors, I Will Find You: A Reporter Investigates the Life of the Man Who Raped Her|Like daffodils in the early days of spring, my neurons were resprouting receptors as the winter of the illness ebbed.
Tammy Kling|When you realize the awesome power of words, you can change lives.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|What is important is not to fight, but to fight the right enemy
Robert T. Kiyosaki|It is not the love of money that is evil—it is the lack of money that causes evil. It is working at a job we hate that is evil. Working hard yet not earning enough to provide for our families is evil. For some, being deeply in debt is evil. Fighting with people you love over money is evil. Being greedy is evil. Committing criminal or immoral acts to get money is evil. Money by itself is not evil. Money is just money.
David Soul|I've seen my mother struggling, everything that she did to raise me and my brothers and my sisters, and I know the anger that she went through.
Ray A. Davis|Your greatness is revealed not by the lights that shine upon you, but by the light that shines within you.
Betsy Byars, The Summer of the Swans|I have cried over myself a hundred times this summer, she thought, I have wept over my big feet and my skinny legs and my nose, I have even cried over my stupid shoes, and now when I have true sadness there are no tears left.
Stephen Richards|Stand out from the crowd, be yourself.
Gary Ross|In an era of parental paranoia, lawsuit mania and testing frenzy, we are failing to inspire our children's curiosity, creativity, and imagination. We are denying them opportunities to tinker, discover, and explore - in short, to play.
Katie Kiesler|…and yet, at the end of it all, a few very broad lines did seem to stick out, like the primary colors in a painting that explain all the confusing blends. And once I had understood my artificial convention, as one understands a convention of the theatre, it was surprising how many adventures did, with a squeeze, fit in their compartments- provided that I chuckled as I did the squeezing and reminded myself that it was all a game anyway.
Rosa Luxemburg|Increased government spending can provide a temporary stimulus to demand and output but in the longer run higher levels of government spending crowd out private investment or require higher taxes that weaken growth by reducing incentives to save, invest, innovate, and work.
Avra Amar Filion|When you love life passionately, a cloud of beauty floats above, adding an array of wonders to even the worse of days.
W.G. Sebald, Austerlitz|The world might be going up in flames, but we have to carry on as normal
Josh Billings|To bring up a child in the way he should go, travel that way yourself once in a while.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When you put on a new cloth that fits you well, you put on a new confidence that improves your confidence well
Lee Boudroux|I’m a little bit of a plot junkie. I like stakes in my books. Sometimes storytelling gets a bit of a bad rap. “Plot’s easy” or “there’s a higher art we are all aspiring to.” Yes, first and foremost we are all aspiring to that art but I also think it has to have a certain propulsiveness, a certain thing that’s keeping me turning the pages. No matter how great the voice is you will have problems in the plot that will enable somebody to put it down. There are too many things competing for everyone’s attention to allow anyone to put that book down. I don’t want the reviewer to put it down because they’ve got 50 galleys stacked up. I don’t want the reader to put it down.
Epictetus|If you wish to be a writer, write.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|People quick to criticize others, but won't shine the light on themselves. You can't always judge a book by the outside appearance. You have to open it up and read in order to discover how precious it is.
Tom Clancy, Debt of Honor|Try saying this: 'What's true for me today is that I have angry feelings concerning what I heard you say when you said what you said. It reminds me of what my mother said when she said what she said, and that hurts me so that's where I'm at with this, and it's not all right with me for today.' This should help to avoid a lot of communication problems.
Alastair Reynolds, Revelation Space|Without a vision to guide our path, and without ambition that knows no limits, we can never build a bright future for generations to come.
Rebecca Traister, All the Single Ladies: Unmarried Women and the Rise of an Independent Nation|This would be the last moment of the primary during which I felt as though I inhabited a different planet than everyone else in my party, that I had heard a different speech, seen a different person, been in a different room than everyone else. But I can't say that I was unhappy that they had heard what they did. If they thought Hillary was telling them to fuck off, that was okay with me. For just one last day, before I joined their ranks, I wanted them to fuck off too.
E.F. Benson|Laugh as much as possible, because one moment will stop this moment.
Irfa Adam|We are broken. Our ways are apart.Still we laugh together and taunt.We fight and get hurt...Still we don't stop!We spread love among us,With the scent of believe.We write on live.Our dreams are shattered.We think to move on,But scared to miss each other.We smirk when someone scolds,But we drink a jar of poison each time.We die and born everyday.We rely on each other.We get furious.We tease and never step back.We listen but never act on.For public we are mature,But among us we are childish.We act like ninjas among us.And we love to stay like this...Among us forever!Because we are siblings.
Stephen Lovegrove, How to Find Yourself, Love Yourself, & Be Yourself: The Secret Instruction Manual for Being Human|My goal is to be the most magical person you know. I say that all the time, because it’s an idea that really does shape my daily life. But you might not have met me, or maybe you aren’t familiar with me at all. Still, I know that you have a person who has given you that feeling.
Ian McEwan, Nutshell|However close you get to others, you can never get inside them, even when you're inside them.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.|If we would build on a sure foundation in friendship, we must love friends for their sake rather than for our own.
Philip K. Dick, The Man in the High Castle|These are the sports, the offthrows, of the universe instead of the species; these are the weird children of the lust of the spheres.
Evan Davis|I believe in capitalism for everybody, not necessarily high finance but capitalism that works for the working men and women of this country who are out there paddling alone in America right now.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|When you experience being present, there is no separation between you and other things. If you feel separate, you are already out of the present and returned to your familiar land of names and concepts.
Diego Giacometti|Space, time, matter, energy and biological life may be the result of a Source Field that is conscious and alive in its own unique way - on a scale far too vast for the finite mind to fathom.
Cecilia Grant, A Christmas Gone Perfectly Wrong|Blame is the lie by which we convince ourselves that we are victims. It is the lie that robs us of our serenity, our generosity, our confidence, an our delight in life . . . For it is the act of blaming that can't co-exist with self-responsibility -- or with freedom from inner agitation and strained relationships. Abandon the practice of blaming, and we see the fear melt away that we have associated with being honest about ourselves and taking the full measure of responsibility for our emotional and spiritual condition.
E.J. Eisman|On the best nights, he’d appear outside the bookstore window and wait for me to unlock the door. He usually hadn’t had time to shower between doing things with cattle and horses and coming to find me, and he looked older than us and stronger than us.
Dante Alighieri, The Divine Comedy|Oh human creatures, born to soar aloft,Why fall ye thus before a little wind?
William Irwin Thompson|The U.S. has a law on the books called the debt limit, but the name is misleading. The debt limit started in 1917 for the purpose of facilitating more national debt, not reducing it. It still serves that purpose. It's unconnected to spending, hurts our credit rating and has been an abject failure at limiting debt.
Don Luis Zavala, Oh My Holy Phone|Vincent knew he was dying. A horrendous fever overwhelmed him with intolerable pain throughout many sleepless hours. It came as a result of a malaria epidemic that erupted in his hometown during early nineteenth century Europe. The disease spread so fast, physicians had to ration their stocks of quinine only to use it on patients who weren’t declared “hopeless”. Vincent was one of the unlucky ones. Speculating his time on Earth may be short, he requested spiritual guidance, even if he wasn’t a faithful man, nor did he believe in forgiveness. He appealed to the Church as a “just in case” like many other petrified atheists.
Ben Horowitz|I wouldn't know how to design. I couldn't even if I wanted to, for I can't draw, and a pair of scissors in my hands becomes a dangerous weapon.
Debasish Mridha|You may not stop getting older, but you can paint your world with the vibrant colors of love to keep feeling younger.
Alain de Botton, Status Anxiety|[L]ife is a phenomenon in need of criticism, for we are, as fallen creatures, in permanent danger of worshipping false gods, of failing to understand ourselves and misinterpreting the behaviour of others, of growing unproductively anxious or desirous, and of losing ourselves to vanity and error. Surreptitiously and beguilingly, then, with humour or gravity, works of art--novels, poems, plays, paintings or films--can function as vehicles to explain our condition to us. They may act as guides to a truer, more judicious, more intelligent understanding of the world.
Norman Cousins|Most people either love or hate old libraries. To some, a room like this--dim, high-ceilinged, dusty, smelling of old paper and crumbling leather--would be oppressive, a place to flee from in search of sun and air. To others, like me, it was a wonderful cave filled with unimaginable treasures and unexpected treats. I always found myself inhaling deeply when I entered the stacks, as if trying to absorb part of them into my bloodstream.
Ted Gargiulo, The Man Who Invented New Jersey: Collected Stories|Procuring the house in Ballister was a desperate bid for respect, for recognition, the ultimate gesture (or sacrifice, as it turned out) that would prove him a worthy successor to the Flo and Walter Prices of the world. To my mind, the Culver was Norm’s way home, the only way he knew. It was an ever-evolving means to an ever-evolving end that eventually ended him. Who or what led Norm down that thorny path—devotion, economic pressures, family cynicism, Beth’s insatiable appetite—has been a topic of endless debate. You can believe what you want to believe. Personally, I don’t think any rational argument under the sun would have deterred Beth’s “messiah” from his mission. If the Ballister acquisition was Norm’s cross, as everyone seems to think it was, then it was Norm who chose to bear that cross. And pride that nailed him to it.
Audre Lorde, Sister Outsider: Essays and Speeches|Most of you will marry and have children. They will become the source of your greatest pride and happiness. I hope so. Rear them in love. You don’t have to kick them around. You don’t have to get angry with them. You just have to love them. If they make mistakes, forgive them and help them to avoid a repetition. But let them see in you their truest and best friend, their constant support.
Peter Singer|In an earlier stage of our development most human groups held to a tribal ethic. Members of the tribe were protected, but people of other tribes could be robbed or killed as one pleased. Gradually the circle of protection expanded, but as recently as 150 years ago we did not include blacks. So African human beings could be captured, shipped to America, and sold. In Australia white settlers regarded Aborigines as a pest and hunted them down, much as kangaroos are hunted down today. Just as we have progressed beyond the blatantly racist ethic of the era of slavery and colonialism, so we must now progress beyond the speciesist ethic of the era of factory farming, of the use of animals as mere research tools, of whaling, seal hunting, kangaroo slaughter, and the destruction of wilderness. We must take the final step in expanding the circle of ethics. -
Jack Dangermond|Landscape architecture is basically geodesign; it's designing geography. And yet geodesign is not only done by landscape architects, it's done by some of the world's largest corporations.
Jack D. Zipes, The Original Folk and Fairy Tales of the Brothers Grimm|Princess, princess, youngest daughter,Open up and let me in!Or else your promise by the waterIsn’t worth a rusty pin.Keep your promise, royal daughter,Open up and let me in!
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Avonlea|Fancies are like shadows...you can't cage them, they're such wayward, dancing things.
Maryam Schonbeck, My Heresy|His allure, as he stood there, his face, even with the red swollen eyes, everything about him was gorgeous.
Robin LaFevers, Dark Triumph|I know I should look away, let him grieve in private, but I cannot. The sweet girl that I knew only briefly is the key to this gentle beast who has captured my heart.
MacDonald Harris, Mortal Leap|But I know too that if we ever make a world without shadow, if the chemists and scientists and psychologists succeed in abolishing fear, pain, loneliness, death, some of us will find life so intolerable we will probably blow out our brains out of sheer boredom.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In the midst of the turbulence, we hang onto hope.
Shellen Lubin|In a period of less than 150 years, to progress from slavery to Pennsylvania Avenue speaks volumes about this family and our nation. Distracted by the rush of our everyday life, we might shrug it off today, but 100 years from now, historians will be discussing this precedent.
Rick Riordan|From the Buddhist point of view, it is true that emptiness is a characteristic of all of life - if we look carefully at any experience we will find transparency, insubstantiality, with no solid, unchanging core to our experience. But that does not mean that nothing matters.
Jenim Dibie, Scarcast: An Anthology of Jenim Dibie|Pain, or pleasure. I could not tell where one ended and the other began.
Pablo Neruda|I want to see thirstIn the syllables,Tough fireIn the sound;Feel through the darkFor the scream.
Marshall McLuhan|I always envied them, the owners of the cars with the white plates who can be seen around Jerusalem. I always wanted to be one of them. We call them U.N., even though U.N. are generally foreign correspondents with leased cars and yellow plates.
Thomas Merton, The Hidden Ground Of Love: The Letters Of Thomas Merton On Religious Experience And Social Concerns|Surrender your own poverty and acknowledge your nothingness to the Lord. Whether you understand it or not, God loves you, is present in you, lives in you, dwells in you, calls you, saves you and offers you an understanding and compassion which are like nothing you have ever found in a book or heard in a sermon.
Thomas Jefferson|Every parent is at some time the father of the unreturned prodigal, with nothing to do but keep his house open to hope.
Ernest Vincent Wright, Gadsby|I cannot live to hear the news from England.But I do prophesy th' election lightsOn Fortinbras; he has my dying voice.So tell him, with th' occurents, more and less,Which have solicited - the rest is silence.
C.J. Ellisson, Death's Servant|Imagine all contradictions, all possible incompatibilities--you will find them in the government, in the law-courts, in the churches, in the public shows of this droll nation.
J.E.B. Spredemann, Amish by Accident|Time wasn't the same anymore. Doors were slamming shut before we even knew they'd been opened. Good fortune can take forever to get to you, but as it turns out, sorrow is as quick as a shot.
Beatriz Williams, The Forgotten Room|This was what she couldn't get enough of, not if she lived forever: Harry on her skin, Harry's grateful kisses on her neck, Harry and Olive, teeming and sated, brimming over with each other, as if this house and this world had been built by God's hands for their love alone.
irak.ibrahim hussain didi|Not branded dresses, expensive perfumes, studded sandals, glamorous accessories, the true beauty of a woman is her smile, willpower, confidence, intelligence and her ability to survive and rule with pride in a man's world.Happy Woman's Day !
J.B. Hartnett, The Morbid and Sultry Tales of Genevieve Clare|How're you holding up?" He slid down the wall next to me and handed me a beer."I've had better days." I took a long, satisfying drink and stared at the wall in front of me."Yeah," was his simple reply. "My dad is downstairs. He said this wake sucks." I could hear that he was smiling.I took another swig. "Well, I didn't plan this shindig, but the next funeral I host, I'll make sure it's a rager.
Vivian Amis, The Lotus - Realization of Oneness|Love is the only power that heals, connects and includes all.....not by force, but by grace.
Nenia Campbell, Bound to Accept|Write and keep writing, not because people will like it, but because someone may get a kick out of thrashing your book.
Dr. Seuss|With your head full of brains and your shoes full of feet, you're too smart to go down any not-so-good street.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The stronger the family, stronger the society.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|All girls say men are the same but I'm different, I don’t like calling girls hot or sexy because to me calling a girl that means you’re looking something of them. So I like using the word beautiful because beautiful is a very strong word and I feel it’s from the same category as love because love and beautiful come from the heart and not the eyes.
Martin Luther|Christ is the Master; the Scriptures are only the servant. The true way to test all the Books is to see whether they work the will of Christ or not. No Book which does not preach Christ can be apostolic, though Peter or Paul were its author. And no Book which does preach Christ can fail to be apostolic, although Judas, Ananias, Pilate, or Herod were its author.
Amanda Grace, But I Love Him|It's not fair. It's not fair that he lets his rage take over, that he lets it rule him. I don't know why he has to let it rule him. I don't know why he has to be two people. I don't know why he gets to be two people, and I only get to be me, the one who is here to take what he has to give, and who is here to pick pu the pieces afterward.
Dan Simmons, The Rise of Endymion|To see and feel one's beloved naked for the first time is one of life's pure, irreducible epiphanies. If there is a true religion in the universe, it must include that truth of contact or be forever hollow. To make love to the one true person who deserves that love is one of the few absolute rewards of being a human being, balancing all of the pain, loss, awkwardness, loneliness, idiocy, compromise, and clumsiness that go with the human condition. To make love to the right person makes up for a lot of mistakes.
H.S. Crow, Lunora and the Monster King|Raw anguish slithers through my brittle bones as the deathly call rots the air. Who murdered you old friend? The forest has no words to identify the hand, only erratic echo.
Maureen Johnson, Zombies Vs. Unicorns|And yet not a dream, but a mighty reality- a glimpse of the higher life, the broader possibilities of humanity, which is granted to the man who, amid the rush and roar of living, pauses four short years to learn what living means
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|What does Mrs Preston want to go abroad for?' asked Mr Leslie.'I think her doctor wanted her to, Father,' said Agnes.'Doctors!' said Mr Leslie, wiping the whole of the Royal College of Physicians off the face of the world with this withering remark.
Gary Paulsen, Clabbered Dirt, Sweet Grass|Sometimes a crumb fallsFrom the tables of joy, Sometimes a boneIs flung.To some peopleLove is given, To othersOnly heaven.
Meg Rosoff|Your writing voice is the deepest possible reflection of who you are. The job of your voice is not to seduce or flatter or make well-shaped sentences. In your voice, your readers should be able to hear the contents of your mind, your heart, your soul.
Josh Strnad, Pantheon|Hades cracked his knuckles on each hand, and the noise was like gunpowder caps exploding in the silence. "First dish duty," he mumbled to himself, "now possessed cowboys. This just isn't my night.
Barbara Kingsolver, Flight Behavior|Might have, could have, may have, should have—the haves and have nots reduced to pointless possibilities.
Paul Martin|I wanted to get far away from those who believed in cruelty, so then I went to France, a land of true freedom, democracy, equality and fraternity.
George Gissing, The Odd Women|Mistresses, have you ever noticed that when we disagree with a male – I hesitate to say ‘man’ – or find ourselves in a position over males, the first comment they make is always about our reputations or our monthlies?”One of the new women snorted. Others snic
Khalil Gibran|When a man's knowledge is not in order, the more of it he has the greater will be his confusion.
Virginia Postrel|When my husband turned 40, I was obsessed. 'Has he had his medical checkup?' He needed to go to the doctor; he needed to go to the dentist. Any little cough, I was really on him. Then he turned 40, and I thought, 'Maybe that's why I've been so obsessed with his health!'
Charles Duhigg, The Power of Habit: Why We Do What We Do in Life and Business|Typically, people who exercise, start eating better and becoming more productive at work. They smoke less and show more patience with colleagues and family. They use their credit cards less frequently and say they feel less stressed. Exercise is a keystone habit that triggers widespread change.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Last Night I Sang to the Monster|I have it in my head that when we’re born, God writes things down on our hearts. See, on some people’s hearts he writes happy and on some people’s hearts he writes sad and on some people’s hearts he writes crazy and on some people’s hearts he writes genius and on some people’s hearts he writes angry and on some people’s hearts he writes winner and on some people’s hearts he writes loser.
Brené Brown, The Gifts of Imperfection: Let Go of Who You Think You're Supposed to Be and Embrace Who You Are|Prosperity is not a promise, it’s a covenant. You don’t pray to get prosperity, you give to get it. Prosperity is not measured by how much you get but how much you give.
Markus Zusak, Underdog|You know, I wouldn’t have done this a month ago. I wouldn’t have done it then. Then I was avoiding. Now I’m just waiting. Things happen to me. They do. They have to go ahead and happen. You watch – you wait… Things still happen here and something is waiting to happen to me. I can tell. Recently my life feels like a bloodcurdling joke. Recently my life has taken on *form* Something is waiting. I am waiting. Soon, it will stop waiting – any day now. Awful things can happen any time. This is the awful thing.
George Murray|It's very difficult, I think, especially on two cellphones, to have a romantic conversation.
John Muir|If for a moment you are inclined to regard these taluses as mere draggled, chaotic dumps, climb to the top of one of them, and run down without any haggling, puttering hesitation, boldly jumping from boulder to boulder with even speed. You will then find your feet playing a tune, and quickly discover the music and poetry of these magnificent rock piles -- a fine lesson; and all Nature's wildness tells the same story -- the shocks and outbursts of earthquakes, volcanoes, geysers, roaring, thundering waves and floods, the silent uprush of sap in plants, storms of every sort -- each and all are the orderly beauty-making love-beats of Nature's heart.
Ernest Hemingway, The Old Man and the Sea|Maybe I could use a little metal on the inside, I thought. If I'd kept my heart better armored, where would I be now?Easy—I’d be at home, medicating myself into a monotone. Drowning my sorrows in video games. Working shifts at Smart Aid. Dying inside, day by day, from regret.
Nicole Ari Parker|There's so much more that I want to do. Of course it's great what has happened so far: Ultra, Coachella, EDC. But still, production-wise and show-wise, I'd love to play a show at Madison Square Garden. Stuff like that is beyond my imagination.
Ann Brashares, My Name Is Memory|She smiled, and there it was again, that aching pressure in his chest. Love, or a heart attack. Kind of the same thing.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|My God, what do we want? What does any human being want? Take away an accident of pigmentation of a thin layer of our outer skin and there is no difference between me and anyone else. All we want is for that trivial difference to make no difference. What can I say to a man who asks that? All I can do is try to explain to him why he asks the question. You have looked at us for years as different from you that you may never see us really. You don’t understand because you think of us as second-class humans. We have been passive and accommodating through so many years of your insults and delays that you think the way things used to be is normal. When the good-natured, spiritual-singing boys and girls rise up against the white man and demand to be treated like he is, you are bewildered. All we want is what you want, no less and no more. (Chapter 13).
Khaled Hosseini, The Kite Runner|To exchange all the goodness and grace of every life in Omelas for that single, small improvement: to throw away the happiness of thousands for the chance of the happiness of one: that would be to let guilt within the walls indeed.
Alexandra Bracken, In The Afterlight|You are your abilities and they are you. I can't put it to you more plainly. Do you know why I hate this cure? It's a statement that what we are is inherently wrong. It's a punishment for something that isn't our fault - all because they can't control their fear about what we can do, anymore than they can control their resentment that there are people out there stronger and more powerful than they are. They want to strip you of yourself - your ability to protect and enforce your right to make decisions about your life. Your own body. Mark my words: in the end, it won't be a choice. They'll decide this for you.
Guy de Maupassant|Every ideal comes from us as do all the amenities of life, in order to make our existence as simple reproducers, for which divine Providence solely intended us, less monotonous and less hard.
Tess Alley, The Divinity Bureau|You sit behind a computer all day. You see a name on your screen – not realizing that this is a person with a life, a family, friends, hopes, and dreams. Then you destroy that life by electing them; and I get it. There’s only so much you can do. But once the day is over, you go home, collect a paycheck, and forget about it. That’s what I can’t seem to understand.
Diana Ross|When they take surveys of women in business, of the Fortune 500, the successful women, 80% of them, say they were in sports as a young woman.
Jeffrey Tucker|THE THREE BEES by Suzy KassemA young boy once askedA wealthy beekeeper:“What is the secret ofYour success?”The beekeeper simply smiledAnd replied:“To be successful,One has to be one of three bees:The queen bee,The hardest working bee,Or the bee that does not fit in.One success is inherited,And the next one is earned.While the last one isSelf-sought,Self-served,And happens on its ownTerms.”“And which bee are you?”Asked the boy.The beekeeper then wipedThe sweat from his headAnd said:“The last may seem the riskiest,But the glory of achievementIs the most rewarding.Freedom always comes at a high cost,But only when you areYour own boss,Can you trulyAfford it.” (Suzy Kassem Poetry)
Celine Dion|There were things I'd never do again, but then, they'd always seemed right.
Kayla Krantz, Alive at Sunset|If she opened the closet with her skeletons, they might drag her in with them.
Joyce Myer|Then the Lord said: "If you had the faith the size of a mustard grain, you would say to this black mulberry tree, 'Be uprooted and planted in the sea!' and it would obey you. Luke 17:6 New World Translation of the World Scriptures
Dominic Riccitello|I touched him. From brain to body, in ways I couldn’t quite understand. But he did and for him, that was all that mattered.
Judith Arnold, Father Found|Dwight Eisenhower said that from the beginning, his mother and father operated on an assumption that set the course of his life - that the world could be fixed of its problems if every child understood the necessity of their existence. Eisenhower's parents assumed, and taught their children, that if their children weren't alive, their family couldn't function. (page 34)
Colleen Houck|I don't know you. The only thing I know about you is, you're reading this. I don't know if your happy or not; I don't know whether you're young or not. I sort of hope you're young and sad. If you're old and happy, I can imagine that you'll smile to yourself when you hear me going, he broke my heart. You'll remember someone who broke your heart, and you'll think to yourself, Oh yes, i remember how that feels. But you can't, you smug old git. Oh you'll remember feeling sort of plesantly sad. You might remember listening to music and eating chocolates in your room, or walking along the embankment on your own, wrapped up in a winter coat and feeling lonely and brave. But can you remember how with every mouthful of food it felt like you were biting into your own stomach? Can you remember the taste of red wine as it came back up and into the toilet bowl? Can you remember dreaming every night that you were still together, that he was talking to you gently and touching you, so that every morning when you woke up you had to go through it all over again?
G.A. Aiken, About a Dragon|I don’t know. You’ll have to ask him yourself.”She sat up enough to look him in the eye. “I am not talking toyour…your…”“Mighty throbbing manhood?”“Briec.”“That which brings you much delirious pleasure?”“Briec.”“That which makes you whole?”“Stop it, dragon. You’re making me physically ill.” ...“Ow!”“Be nice, woman. I’m not used to this.”She rubbed her ass and glared at him. “Do that again and you’lllose that which you believe makes me whole.
Anne Graham Lotz|when you’re winning, it makes them feel like they’re losing or, worse yet, that maybe they should’ve tried to do something too, but now it’s too late. And since they didn’t, they want to stop you. You can’t let them.
Camille Lucy, The (Real) Love Experiment: Explore Love, Relationships & the Self|Life is affected, even controlled by how thoughts are communicated in both words and actions.
Katie Reus, Retribution|Will you do me a favor?" Declan asked.	If he looked at her with those dark, intoxicating eyes, she was likely to do anything he asked.	"Maybe."	"Any more dreams you have, no matter how small, will you tell me about them?"	"Even the ones that star you?" The almost flirty quiestion slipped out before she could stop herself.	A slow grin spread across his fallen-angel face. The man just looked as if he wanted to do wicked things -- and she'd let him.	"Especially those.
Wilhelm Röpke|Study after study has show that human behavior changes when we know we’re being watched. Under observation, we act less free, which means we effectively *are* less free.
Charles Stross, The Atrocity Archives|Harl whirled round, all his attention ... on Skulker. "What is that on your carapace?""What?" Skulker tried to peer back... A tinny voice issued from somewhere... It took Skulker a moment to recognize it as that of the human male he earlier encountered. "It's CTD gecko mine - yield of about five kilotones." Skulker's shriek terminated in a blast that peeled back four square kilometers of jungle canopy and sunk a crater down to the bedrock.
James Madison|Real happiness is cheap enough, yet how dearly we pay for its counterfeit.
Cressida Cowell, How to Cheat a Dragon's Curse|Sometimes it is only a True Friend who knows what we mean when we try to speak. Somebody who has spent a lot of time with us, and listens carefully to what we are trying to say, and tries to understand.
Luigi Pirandello|For days after death hair and fingernails continue to grow, but phone calls taper off.
Priyavrat Thareja- The Temple of TQM, OmniScience, Vol 2, No 2 (2012)|God is just, and our lots are well portioned out by Him, although none, but He knows the bitterness of our souls.
Joseph Roach, It|I guess the fact that they made something they could be proud of is more important than any prize ever could be. I can understand that. The beauty of the clothing itself is in the eye of the beholder. Judging art on a point system in the first place seems totally ridiculous! But since I grew up in such a competitive, point-awarding world, I wanted the grand prize more than anything. I wanted to be number one and get all the glory. Glory, huh... how stupid!
Thomm Quackenbush, Artificial Gods|I was already at one remove before the Internet came along. I need another remove? Now I have to spend the time that I'm not doing the thing they're doing reading about them doing it? Streaming the clips of them doing it, commenting on how lucky they are to be doing all those things, liking and digging and bookmarking and posting and tweeting all those things, and feeling more disconnected than ever? Where does this idea of greater connection come from? I've never in my life felt more disconnected. It's like how the rich get richer. The connected get more connected while the disconnected get more disconnected. No thanks man, I can't do it. The world was a sufficient trial, Betsy, before Facebook.
Courtney Milan, Unveiled|Maybe that’s what I have been looking for. When storms and rockslides threaten, I am looking for someone who will hold on to me and not let go.
Melissa Ditmore, Juhu Thukral|It appeared the more religious and older men got, the more insatiable their appetite grew for teenage hymens; a short sighted, selfish, entitled and wicked appetite at that by the kind of men who were disillusioned enough to believe that the world revolved around their poles.
S.H. Kolee, Fated|I'm not afraid of new things. I'm just afraid of feeling alone even when there's somebody else there. I'm afraid of feeling bad. Maybe that's selfish, but it's the way I feel.
H.L. Mencken|If money is your hope for independence, you will never have it. The only real security that a man can have in this world is a reserve of knowledge, experience and ability.
Eric Jerome Dickey, Finding Gideon|It's funny when people say something is "unreal" about something that is, in reality, real. I'm so guilty of it, it's real!
Meghan Blistinsky|Everybody has demons, some more than others
Joe Hill, NOS4A2|For some, vampires are still firmly in the 'evil, scary' column. However, in recent decades, vampires also run the gamut from evil to morally ambiguous all the way to fangless and vegetarian. I think part of their appeal lies in their versatility. Vampires can be the villain, the hero, and everything in between, all depending on the writer's whim. You'll also never hear me say that anyone is doing vampires 'wrong' because unless a real vampire stands up and sets the record straight, it's anyone's game as a far as defining them in fiction.
Schopenhauer|On a cold winter’s day, a group of porcupines huddled together to stay warm and keep from freezing. But soon they felt one another’s quills and moved apart. When the need for warmth brought them closer together again, their quills again forced them apart. They were driven back and forth at the mercy of their discomforts until they found the distance from one another that provided both a maximum of warmth and a minimum of pain. In human beings, the emptiness and monotony of the isolated self produces a need for society. This brings people together, but their many offensive qualities and intolerable faults drive them apart again. The optimum distance that they finally find that permits them to coexist is embodied in politeness and good manners. Because of this distance between us, we can only partially satisfy our need for warmth, but at the same time, we are spared the stab of one another’s quills.
Amy Chua|Everywhere, people are discovering that doing things more slowly often means doing them better and enjoying them more. It means living life instead of rushing through it. You can apply this to everything from food to parenting to work.
Robert David Steele, The Open-Source Everything Manifesto: Transparency, Truth, and Trust|There is nothing wrong with the United States--or the world at large--that cannot be stabilized and reconstructed by restoring the intelligence and integrity of all our organizations across the eight communities (academic, civil society, commerce, government, law enforcement, media, military, non-governmental/non-profit).
Liberty Forrest, Soul Food: 101 Inspirational Messages to Nourish and Heal Your Spirit|...keep your eye on the shore and know that you are a little closer to it today than you were yesterday. Just know that this too shall pass and one way or another, you will move on from this place. It is inevitable.
Taimoor Madni|Love isn't about to show off or to go on dates. Its about being with a person who makes you feel special, who gives you a feeling that no one else does. The one who can completely understand you and can laugh on your lame jokes. The one to whom you trust the most and can share your problems. The one who can make wrong things right. Person with whom you can spend your whole life.
Vironika Tugaleva|At the end of the day, your relationships with the people in your life will be greater assets than any material things. Take time. Be present. You'll thank yourself for it later.
Stephen Fry, The Fry Chronicles|The basis of all reasoning is the mind's awareness of itself. What we think, the external objects we perceive, are all like actors that come on and off stage. But our consciousness, the stage itself, is always present to us.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|My heart is set, as firmly as ever heart of man was set on woman. I have no thought, no view, no hope, in life beyond her; and if you oppose me in this great stake, you take my peace and happiness in your hands, and cast them to the wind.
Thomas Lynch, The Undertaking: Life Studies from the Dismal Trade|The more I see of what you call civilization, the more highly I think of what you call savagery!
C.S. Lewis|Science has so far been unable to tell us how self-aware dogs are, much less whether they have anything like our conscious thoughts. This is not surprising, since neither scientists nor philosophers can agree about what the consciousness of humans consists of, let alone that of animals.
Dave Barry|Have you noticed that whatever sport you're trying to learn, some earnest person is always telling you to keep your knees bent? 
Auliq-Ice|When you resolve to do a thing, you make a decision to act, to go all the way, come hell or high water. It’s something you’re committed to accomplish, having firmly decided to see it through to the end.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|Women's magazines sadly remark that children can have a disruptive effect on the conjugal relationship, that the young wife's involvement with her children and her exhaustion can interfere with her husband's claims on her. What a notion- a family that is threatened by its children! Contraception has increased the egotism of the couple: planned children have a pattern to fit into; at least unplanned children had some of the advantages of contingency. First and foremost they were whether their parents liked it or not. In the limited nuclear family the parents are the principals and children are theirs to manipulate in a newly purposive way. The generation gap is being intensified in these families where children must not inconvenience their parents, where they are disposed of in special living quarters at special times of day, their own rooms and so forth. Anything less than this is squalor. Mother must not have more children than she can control: control means full attention for much of the day, then isolation.
Liz  Moore, Heft|I feel like people are only really dead once you stop learning about them. This is why it is important to me to keep learning about my mother, and what she wanted, and what her life meant, what she meant by the life she led. Then she will be alive, somehow, and her wish for me will have come true. My vow is to learn more about her. To see her as she saw herself.
Tammy Wooster|For the to see you shine, you must stay far way, for you are like the sun; when you’re too close, your light make them blind. And when you’re too far, they seek you. So let them seek you. They’re getting your light regardless, but appreciating your presence is different from recognizing your existence. If they don’t appreciate your presence, they may never recognize your absence.
David Levithan, Every Day|The beauty of the infantry is its ability to truly teach tolerance. At the lowest level, when it is simply a matter of survival to count on everyone around you, regardless of religion or skin color, the only logical option is to ignore the differences.
Edward Shillito|If we have never sought, we seek Thee now;Thine eyes burn through the dark, our only stars;We must have sight of thorn-pricks on Thy brow,We must have Thee, O Jesus of the Scars.The heavens frighten us; they are too calm;In all the universe we have no place.Our wounds are hurting us; where is the balm?Lord Jesus, by Thy Scars, we claim Thy grace.If, when the doors are shut, Thou drawest near,Only reveal those hands, that side of Thine;We know to-day what wounds are, have no fear,Show us Thy Scars, we know the countersign.The other gods were strong; but Thou wast weak;They rode, but Thou didst stumble to a throne;But to our wounds only God’s wounds can speak,And not a god has wounds, but Thou alone.
Neil Gaiman|Q: I want to be an author when I grow up. Am I insane?"Neil Gaiman: "Yes. Growing up is highly overrated. Just be an au
Mitch Albom, For One More Day|I realized when you look at your mother, you are looking at the purest love you will ever know.
Cary McNeal, Are You Sh*tting Me?: 1,004 Facts That Will Scare the Crap Out of You|Have a seat with me,” Caine said, hopping down from the wall. “How have you been, Taylor?”“Life’s one big party,” she said.He laughed appreciatively at her joke. “Things must be pretty bad for Edilio to send for me, huh?”“Things are always pretty bad,” she said. “We’re at a new level of bad. I saw those bugs.”Caine mustered all his sincerity. “I have to go and fight these creatures. But I don’t know much about them.”Taylor told him what she knew. Caine felt some of his confidence drain away as she laid out the facts in gruesome detail and with complete conviction.“Well, this should be fun,” Diana said dryly. “I’m so glad we came back.
Brian W. Aldiss|Truths are the last thing you learn about your family. By the time you learn, you're no longer their child.
Bob Dylan, The Essential Interviews|I’m happy to just be able to come across things. I don’t need to be happy. Happiness is a kind of cheap word. Let’s face it, I’m not the kind of cat that’s going to cut off an ear if I can’t do something. I would commit suicide. I would shoot myself in the brain if things got bad. I would jump from a window…you know, I can think about death openly. It’s nothing to fear. It’s nothing sacred. I’ve seen so many people die. Life’s not sacred either
Fredric Jameson|Whenever you are transplanted, like me, you will understand how very delightful it is to meet with anything at all like what one has left behind.
Kelly Miller|The American fascists are most easily recognized by their deliberate perversion of truth and fact. Their newspapers and propaganda carefully cultivate every fissure of disunity, every crack in the common front against fascism.
J. Tillman|My mother was very funny. My dad had a great sense of humor. My grandmother, too.
Peter Abelard|Probably I have more phobias, fear and eccentricities than I would care to admit. I don't think I'm in danger of losing my mind, but I do often question my own behavior. I have a very bad temper, and it's not always healthy for me and for others. I make my way in the world more difficult, and I could do with a little more yoga.
Samuel Johnson|I kiss the soil as if I placed a kiss on the hands of a mother, for the homeland is our earthly mother. I consider it my duty to be with my compatriots in this sublime and difficult moment.
Robin S. Sharma|Without question, students need to practice, review, and drill skills, but they should do so only in the spirit of working toward more complex mastery of those skills. Redundant drill of skills is inherently boring and insulting to the learner, and it is one of the most effective methods for turning students off to learning.
Augustine of Hippo, City of God|... The soul which is led by God and His wisdom, rather than by bodily concupiscence, will certainly never consent to the desire aroused in its own flesh by another's lust.
Cath Crowley, The Life and Times of Gracie Faltrain|I do not tell her about how much I look forward to going to the Wright barn. How those couple of hours in his studio feel like an escape, a refuge. Nor do I tell Rachel that I think Damian has the most beautiful hands I've ever seen, that he walks like a cat, that he has the clearest eyes, which seem able to see absolutely everything about me. That he seems to be the loneliest person I've ever met, and it breaks my heart. All of these things feel private. Precious. And I don't want to share them with Rachel. Not yet, anyway.
John Gower, Confessio Amantis|There is no deception on the part of the woman, where a man bewilders himself: if he deludes his own wits, I can certainly acquit the women. Whatever man allows his mind to dwell upon the imprint his imagination has foolishly taken of women, is fanning the flames within himself -- and, since the woman knows nothing about it, she is not to blame. For if a man incites himself to drown, and will not restrain himself, it is not the water's fault.
Zadie Smith, White Teeth|Every moment happens twice: inside and outside, and they are two different histories.
Patti Digh, Four-Word Self-Help: Simple Wisdom for Complex Lives|We can create a different future - one simple, beautifully mundane, daily decision at a time.
Ray Bourhis, Revolt: The Secession of Mill Valley|Sometimes in life, as in literature, people get their just desserts. The greedy man loses everything because he cannot resist seeking more riches.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|When we neglect knowledge, we have indirectly rejected light.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Philosophically, war is an extension of man’s struggle with sin and evil in the world.
Julia Hoban, Willow|I was a married woman! she said. Why does every generation believe it is the discoverer of pleasure? Your father was a spectacular lover. Even through the wall, I could hear the triumph in her voice.
Alexandra Silber, After Anatevka: A Novel Inspired by Fiddler on the Roof|Hodel saw it through her sister's eyes: women were created to be in every way partners, not mindless slaves or brainless doormats, but helpers, collaborators, equals. And that was a thing of great beauty.
Charles Mackay, Extraordinary Popular Delusions and the Madness of Crowds|When do I see a photograph, when a reflection?
Stan Slap|Companies should be the best possible place to practice fulfillment, to live out values and to realize deep connectivity and purpose.
Norman Maclean|A man's final query is determined by how well he acts under pressure. If man can control his demeanor under extreme stress, he will be judged in a positive way.
Fulton J. Sheen|Patience is power.Patience is not an absence of action;rather it is "timing"it waits on the right time to act,for the right principlesand in the right way.
Lois Greiman, Unmanned|You guys gotta get a license to drive a Geo, but any doofus with a few good swimmers can be a father.
Ben Fountain, Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk|The increasingly cynical court thought Arthur, "hypocritical, as all decent men must be if you assume decency cannot exist.
Latika Teotia|I give respect and reciprocate with enthusiasm to anyone who is nice, kind and respectful towards me. I appreciate the presence of people in my life but, if someone doesn’t value mine, then I find no reason to explain my absence to them.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Chretien speaking to Dominic:'Magda is no ordinary young woman. There is a blood price on her head way beyond that upon any Cathar, indeed way beyond mine. I advise you most strongly to think with your head, not your loins.' 'I am thinking,' Dominic said softly, 'with my heart.
Lev Grossman, The Magician's Land|She was the most beautiful, terrible thing he'd ever seen, like an acetylene flame, an incandescent filament, a fallen star right in front of him.
Brianna Wiest|Love is soul work. Love can be met and joined with attraction and infatuation and all of that, but love will not fade when those things do. You can choose to close your heart to love, and run away, and avoid it for as long as you can in every way you can think of but if it was really, truly, the other-worldly, almost supernatural kind of love that we can only hope to be graced with at least once in this life experience, it will not leave you. You can love many people, but at the end of the day, the love you need to choose is the love that, even if you close your heart to, still moves you. The love you still write about. The love you can’t face. The love you’re still not okay with losing, that you’re angry about; the love that uprooted your life and contorted your being. The love you ran away from because it showed you who you are without the guise of worth given from someone else. This is love because these are all signs that you are closing your heart and to be doing so, there has to be something going through you for you to be able to close off. Real love will be the love you realize that remains even after you close your heart to it, because it sustains itself. It drives you forward. It brings up all the unhealed parts of you that you have to reconcile.
Bill Gates|One looks back with appreciation to the brilliant teachers, but with gratitude to those who touched our human feelings. The curriculum is so much necessary raw material, but warmth is the vital element for the growing plant and for the soul of the child.
O.R. Melling, The Summer King|It's a booley village," Ian told her. "The islanders used to take their animals into the hills for the summ. They'd camp out in these stone huts: men, women, and children. Everyone stayed up all night, sang, told stories, watched the stars. It must have been great craic." "How do you know this stuff?" she asked, admiringly. "I' a bloody genius." When she threw him a look, he grinned. " I also read it in the guidebook.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|Stephen Hawking's been watching too many Hollywood movies. I think the only kind aliens in Hollywood are the ones created by Steven Spielberg - 'Close Encounters of the Third Kind' and 'E.T.,' for example. All other aliens are trying to suck our brains out.
Barbara Kingsolver|I want my boys to have an understanding of people's emotions, their insecurities, people's distress, and their hopes and dreams.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|Hypotheses like professors, when they are seen not to work any longer in the laboratory, should disappear.
Nicholas Negroponte|Even in the developing parts of the world, kids take to computers like fish to water.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The Miracle of Mindfulness: An Introduction to the Practice of Meditation|Indeed, God is always with us even when things look hopeless.
Joss Sheldon, The Little Voice|My parents, you see, were a little square. They cared more about being good parents in the general sense than being good parents for me. They wanted to appear normal; respectable and responsible. But they weren’t prepared to acknowledge my individual needs.
Psyche Roxas-Mendoza|Every nation ends and every empire. Every baby born was going to die, given enough time. If being fated for destruction were enough to take the joy out of things, we’d slaughter children fresh from the womb. But we don’t. We wrap them in warm cloth and we sing to them and feed them milk as if it might all go on forever.
Jennifer Wilson, New World: Rising|If we keep punishing people for what their parents or their ancestors have done, the world as a whole can never move forward. Society will never grow.
Ben Galley, The Written|You can't hammer in a nail with words...""No, but you can start a war with them.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|If I keep pushing myself, I’ll finally be somebody. I’ll finally matter. I’ll finally arrive.” Nonsense. You won’t be satisfied. The only thing worse than failing to realize any of your dreams, is seeing them all come true. You were meant for something more. Even if you could be known the world over, what does it matter if you have no time to be known by God?
David R. Wommack|A marvelous feeling -- that you love someone deeply -- and in turn, that person loves you back so sincerely.
Marcel Proust, The Captive & The Fugitive|As with the future, it is not all at once but grain by grain that one savours the past.
Tom DeLonge|In 1985, I was living with my sister in Virginia, and since I was still in high school, I worked at McDonald's to save money to get an abortion. It sounds really terrible, but it was the best decision I ever made. It was the first time I took responsibility for my actions. I messed up, had sex without contraception, and got pregnant at 15.
John Lennon|There are two basic motivating forces: fear and love. When we are afraid, we pull back from life. When we are in love, we open to all that life has to offer with passion, excitement, and acceptance. We need to learn to love ourselves first, in all our glory and our imperfections. If we cannot love ourselves, we cannot fully open to our ability to love others or our potential to create. Evolution and all hopes for a better world rest in the fearlessness and open-hearted vision of people who embrace life.
Kiera Cass, The One|As he wasforced to tell his father more than once, “I said I’d fight for my mother’sthrone. I never said I’d die for it.” Then he’d add, simply to annoy the oldbastard into one of his frothy temper tantrums, “Don’t you think I’m toopretty to die?
Rachel Cusk, Aftermath: On Marriage and Separation|The world is constantly evolving, while the family endeavours to stay the same. Updated, refurbished, modernised, but essentially the same. A house in the landscape, both shelter and prison.
Jonathan Messinger, Hiding Out|Maybe things that we turn our backs to arnt rlly there, but its true that they will be there when we turn back around.
Justine Larbalestier|Racism is, among other things, the unearned skepticism of one group of humans joined to the unearned sympathy for another.
Kia Afcari, Sister Surfer: A Woman's Guide to Surfing with Bliss and Courage|We need to consciously remember that we have more responsibility to protect our planet, because without it we have nowhere else to live.
Anne Tyler|It seems to me that since I've had children, I've grown richer and deeper. They may have slowed down my writing for a while, but when I did write, I had more of a self to speak from.
Carrie Preston|'That's What She Said' is not Hollywood's standard picture of women: preternaturally gorgeous, wedding obsessed, boy crazy, fashion focused, sexed up 'girl' women. These are real women, comically portrayed, who are trying to wrestle with the very expectations of womanhood that Hollywood movies set up.
Joseph Heller, Catch-22|A feeble body makes a feeble mind. I do not know what doctors cure us of, but I know this: they infect us with very deadly diseases, cowardice, timidity, credulity, the fear of death. What matter if they make the dead walk, we have no need of corpses; they fail to give us men, and it is men we need.
Sandra Bem|Even though I know that breaking your brain is the same as breaking your arm, I'm still ashamed that my brain is broken.
Saffron Mello Castro, A Thousand Miles from Nowhere: A Hippy Trip of Discovery|I stood in the library admiring the huge book collection. There was something inherently calming about being surrounded by books, even their smell and texture was comforting.
Maria Grazia Swan, Death Under the Venice Moon|Lella York, the self-proclaimed queen of passive-aggressive behavior. [Lella's perceptive view of herself]
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Yes, alive,” said Fudge. “That is — I don’t know — is a man alive if he can’t be killed? I don’t really understand it, and Dumbledore won’t explain properly — but anyway, he’s certainly got a body and is walking and talking and killing, so I suppose, for the purposes of our discussion, yes, he’s alive.
Adam Gopnik|[T]he relentless note of incipient hysteria, the invitation to panic, the ungrounded scenarios--the overwhelming and underlying desire for something truly terrible to happen so that you could have something really hot to talk about--was still startling. We call disasters unimaginable, but all we do is imagine such things. That, you could conclude mordantly, is the real soundtrack of our time: the amplification of the self-evident toward the creation of paralyzing, preëmptive paranoia.
L.J. Kentowski, Seeker of Fate|Love? Yes, I do love. I never thought it was possible, hell, I never even thought about it as a Seeker. But you did something to me, Cassandra. You made me realize I still have a heart, regardless of what I’m made of. And you’ve stolen it because there is nothing I wouldn’t do to be with you. But that includes staying as I am, even if I have the chance to turn.
Richard D. Kahlenberg, Broken Contract|LA VIDA NO ES LA QUE VIVIMOS.LA VIDA ES EL HONOR Y EL RECUERDO.POR ESO MAS VALE MORIRCON EL PUEBLO VIVO,Y NO VIVIRCON EL PUEBLO MUERTO.Life is not as it seems, Life is pride and personal history.Thus it is better that one die and that the people should live,rahter than one live and the people should die.~Lopitos
Clay Shirky, Here Comes Everybody: The Power of Organizing Without Organizations|When we change the way we communicate, we change society
Richard Matheson, Collected Stories, Vol. 1|We're all hunters in my family, you know. Deer, ducks…damsels.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|To begin by bluster, but afterwards to take fright at the enemy's numbers, shows a supreme lack of intelligence.
Garon Whited|I have lived in worlds beyond counting and countries as strange and wonderful as the dance of dust in sunbeams, because I have lived in books.
Kevin Ansbro|No, I will not join your Civil War reenactment troupe.
Milan Kundera, Immortality|Hate traps us by binding us too tightly to our adversary.This is the obscenity of war: the intimacy of mutually shed blood, the lascivious proximity of two soldiers who, eye to eye, bayonet each other.
Harold Bloom, The Western Canon: The Books and School of the Ages|When I say "I," I mean a thing absolutely unique, not to be confused with any other.
Richelle Mead, The Golden Lily|Happiness depends upon two things—pleasing God, and then pleasing yourself.
Clive Barker|I can certainly throw out some observation about the process of creating which may be of use. Firstly, it's the best & the worst of worlds, because the only fuel you have to make the fire blaze on the page / screen is the stuff of your own being. An artist consumes his or herself in the act of making art. I can feel that consumption even now, sitting here at my desk at the end of a working day. In order to generate the ideas that I have set on the page for the last 10 or 11 hours I have burned the fuel of my own history. This is, obviously a double-edged sword. In order to give, the artist must take from himself. That's the deal. And it's very important to me that the work I do is the best I can make it, because I know what is being burned up to create. As the villain of Sacrament says: "living & dying, we feed the fire.
Charles Bukowski, Pulp|Something in Alaric’s chest tightened painfully at the thought of Quinn, but he refused to allow it to overcome him. She would be fine. She had to be fine. If Quinn were to die, he would have no reason to continue existing.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Today . . . when Satan worship is increasing at an alarming rate, we had better be aware of him, his origin, his aims, his abilities, and his limitations.
Katie McGarry, Walk the Edge|I've hated Snowflake for so long," she says. "But then I met you. And you're the person entire town has trashed, a person belonging to the group I've been raised to believe is evil, and you're the only person who is able to make me feel as if every part of me is beautiful."  She is beautiful. Inside and out. My fingers tunnel into her hair again, but this time, I gently knot them in. My heart beats hard, and I open my mouth, hoping that doing so will force the right words. That I can explain being near her makes everything that's impossible about me seem possible.  But the words become lodged in my throat and silence paralyzes my tongue. Breanna blinks and the hope that had been on her face disappears as she misreads my hesitation.  Her hold on me loosens and she ducks her head. "Don't listen to me. I say too much around you. I was being stupid I..."  More words meant to wipe away her admission spill from her mouth, but I'm not listening. My grip on her hair tightens, I lower my lips to hers and I kiss Breanna Miller.
Karice Bolton|I have to admit I wasn't to keen on this idea when you first told me you were going out at midnight to see him, but I guess maybe I was wrong... Have you guys? God, Karen. I rolled my eyes. Oh well, let's not hope that's not the killer in the relationship since he sounds perfect in every other way. Wow, thanks for spoiling it nerd.
Maggie Stiefvater, Forever|My whole life, I had thought that my story was, again and again: Once upon a time, there was a boy, and he had to risk everything to keep what he loved. But really, the story was: Once upon a time, there was a boy, and his fear ate him alive.
Robert Hughes, The Shock of the New|What does one prefer? An art that struggles to change the social contract, but fails? Or one that seeks to please and amuse, and succeeds?
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|Paul patted Mrs. O'Leary's snout. The living room shook —BOOM, BOOM, BOOM—which either meant a SWAT team was breaking down the door or Mrs. O'Leary was wagging her tail.I couldn't help but smile.
Isak Dinesen|Most people write me off when they see me.They do not know my story.They say I am just an African.They judge me before they get to know me.What they do not know isThe pride I have in the blood that runs through my veins;The pride I have in my rich culture and the history of my people;The pride I have in my strong family ties and the deep connection to my community;The pride I have in the African music, African art, and African dance;The pride I have in my name and the meaning behind it.Just as my name has meaning, I too will live my life with meaning.So you think I am nothing?Don’t worry about what I am now,For what I will be, I am gradually becoming.I will raise my head high wherever I goBecause of my African pride,And nobody will take that away from me.
Alex Haditaghi, Softly, As I Leave Her|Life is not made up of minutes, hours, days or years, but of moments. Nothing is permanently perfect. But there are perfect moments.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|When do you become a man? Becoming a man means doing the right thing even though it may be hard or difficult. Boys do what is easiest. A man does what is right, whether easy or not.
Burt Rutan|I thank Marc Jacobs so much for giving me the opportunity to design a shoe for Louis Vuitton, but the thing that broke my heart most was when they said, 'You're finished. The shoe's finished.'
Karl Pilkington, An Idiot Abroad: The Travel Diaries of Karl Pilkington|The problem I have with all this religion stuff is that I can't relate to it. I think most people got into 'cos it gave them something to do on a Sunday, but since all the shops are now open it isn't required as much.
Unknown|Let the one in least fear, lead.
Christina Engela, Bugspray|The only marches I have ever witnessed under a banner of so-called "Christianity" have been to enforce oppression and incite hatred and intolerance - and to deprive people of their equal civil rights.
Kristin Cashore, Fire|All right," Clara said. "We have our swordsman, so let's get moving. Brigan, could you attempt, at least, to make yourself presentable? I know this is a war, but the rest of us are trying to pretend it's a party.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|A susceptible child is capable of great hero worship, and a young mind can easily be obsessed by an idea which persists into adult life.
pleasefindthis, Intentional Dissonance|Too many people mistook envy for happiness. They believed other people wanting to do the things they were doing was more important than doing things they wanted to do. So they'd edit their photographs and edit their lives and edit and lie until from a distance, it looked like they had the perfect life. But life isn't something that should be edited. Life shouldn't be cut. The only way you'll ever discover what it truly means to be alive and human is by sharing the full experience of what it means to be human and each blemish and freckle that comes with it.
Thomas Narofsky|Purpose expresses most deeply what makes you a unique individual. Your purpose defines who you are, how you live your life and how you lead. Your purpose provides you with inner strength and drive to live and lead each day. It equips you with what you need to face the challenges of the day and of life. Your purpose provides context and meaning to your life.
Frantz Fanon, The Wretched of the Earth|In this becalmed zone the sea has a smooth surface, the palm-tree stirs gently in the breeze, the waves lap against the pebbles and raw materials are ceaselessly transported, justifying the presence of the settler; and all the while the native, bent double, near dead than alive, exists interminably in an unchanging dream. The settler makes history; his life is an epoch, an Odyssey... Over against him torpid creatures, wasted by fever, obsessed by ancestral customs, form an almost inorganic background for the innovating dynamism of colonial mercantilism.
Darnell Lamont Walker, Book of She|Peabody, you never cease to amaze me.""One day I'll tell you about my granny and her five lovers." "Five lovers isn't abnormal for a woman's lifetime." "Not in her lifetime; last month. All at the same time." Peabody glanced up, deadpan. "She's ninety-eight. I hope to take after her.
Éric-Emmanuel Schmitt, La Nuit de feu|Face au questionnement sur l'existence de Dieu, se présentent trois types d'individus honnêtes, le croyant qui dit: «Je ne sais pas mais je crois que oui», l'athée qui dit: «Je ne sais pas mais je crois que non», l'indifférent qui dit : «Je ne sais pas et je m'en moque.»L'escroquerie commence chez celui qui clame: «Je sais !» Qu'il affirme : «Je sais que Dieu existe» ou «Je sais que Dieu n'existe pas», il outrepasse les pouvoirs de la raison, il vire à l'intégrisme ... En notre siècle où, comme jadis, on tue au nom de Dieu, il importe de ne pas amalgamer les croyants et les imposteurs : les amis de Dieu restent ceux qui le cherchent, pas ceux qui parlent à Sa place en prétendant L'avoir trouvé.
Paz Vega|So, we just kind of created our own thing and that's part of the beauty of Athens: is that it's so off the map and there's no way you could ever be the East Village or an L.A. scene or a San Francisco scene, that it just became its own thing.
Debasish Mridha|Have an enthusiastic mind and a soft, but sweet, heart.
Johnnie Dent Jr.|You're right, Ruth. You did screw up my career. You screwed it up good. Best thing you ever did, matter of fact. But you know something? It's okay. Because if it was between the church and you, there was no contest. Even with al the ups and downs and the craziness and the shit and the maxed-out credit cards, the church never stood a chance. I chose you, Ruth. And I'm glad. There. That's what my so-called career was about. And that's what I should have said to you. And I'm sorry I didn't. I'm sorry, Ruth. I'm sorry.
Ruth Ahmed, When Ali Met Honour|Only if the human mind had a Garbage Collector.But then, do we know what references we still hold on?
Reggie M. Kidd, With One Voice: Discovering Christ's Song in Our Worship|My work with teenagers has convinced me that one of the main reasons teenagers are not excited by the gospel is that they do not think they need it. Many parents have successfully raised self-righteous little Pharisees. When they look at themselves, they do not see a sinner in desperate need, so they are not grateful for a Savior. Sadly, the same is true of many of their parents.
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|That's the way it is with the mind. Nothing is ever equal. Like a river, as it flows, the course changes with the terrain.
William Shakespeare, Henry IV, Part 2|Rumour is a pipeBlown by surmises, jealousies, conjecturesAnd of so easy and so plain a stopThat the blunt monster with uncounted heads,The still-discordant wavering multitude,Can play upon it.
Jess Walter, Beautiful Ruins|Life, he thought, is a blatant act of imagination.
Justin Alcala|The procedure, not yet approved in the United States or in Europe, was a form of stem cell therapy.
Krista Tippett, Becoming Wise: An Inquiry into the Mystery and Art of Living|John O’Donohue gave voice to the connection between beauty and those edges of life—thresholds was the word he loved—where the fullness of reality becomes more stark and more clear. If you go back to the etymology of the word “threshold,” it comes from “threshing,” which is to separate the grain from the husk. So the threshold, in a way, is a place where you move into more critical and challenging and worthy fullness. There are huge thresholds in every life. You know that, for instance, if you are in the middle of your life in a busy evening, fifty things to do and you get a phone call that somebody you love is suddenly dying, it takes ten seconds to communicate that information. But when you put the phone down, you are already standing in a different world. Suddenly everything that seems so important before is all gone and now you are thinking of this. So the given world that we think is there and the solid ground we are on is so tentative. And a threshold is a line which separates two territories of spirit, and very often how we cross is the key thing.
Robert D. Hormats|The fallacy that dynamic processes must be modeled as if the system is in continuous equilibrium is probably the most important reason for the intellectual failure of neoclassical economics. Mathematics, science and engineering developed tools long ago to model outside of equilibrium processes. This dynamic approach to thinking about the economy should become second nature to economists.
Aleister Crowley, The Psychology of Hashish: An Essay on Mysticism|Standing is symbolic of life itself,Open space is just a distance between you and someone else
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We foster personal meaning out of life by exulting in all of nature, exhibiting a reverence for people, animals, plants, and by expressing compassion and sympathy for the entire community of life.
Niq Mhlongo|Take your place, then. Look at what happened from every side and consider all the other ways it could have gone. Consider, even, an Africa unconquered altogether. Imagine those first Portuguese adventurers approaching the shore, spying on the jungle’s edge through their fitted brass lenses. Imagine that by some miracle of dread or reverence they lowered their spyglasses, turned, set their riggings, sailed on. Imagine all who came after doing the same. What would that Africa be now? All I can think of is the other okapi, the one they used to believe in. A unicorn that could look you in the eye.
Meghan Daum|For a kid, self-esteem can be as close at hand as a sports victory or a sense of belonging in a peer group. It's a much more complicated and elusive proposition for adults, subject to the responsibilities and vicissitudes of grown-up life.
Edvard Munch|I mean, whatever kills you kills you, and your death is authentic no matter how you die.
James Frey, My Friend Leonard|Leonard asks me if there's anything I need to know before he dies, I think about it for a minute, turn to him, say what's the meaning of life, Leonard? He laughs, says that's an easy one, my son, it's whatever you want it to be.
Said Nursi|Christians - whether as a priest, a nun, a minister, whatever - have just been stereotyped to death. You try to be a model of kindness and love and forgiveness to all those around you, because you have received kindness and love and forgiveness from God through Christ. That's what Christianity is.
Dele Alli|If a fellow isn't thankful for what he's got, he isn't likely to be thankful for what he's going to get.
Paul Simon|For anything worth accomplishing, we can always find reasons to doubt, just as we can also find reasons to proceed...I have chosen to side with faith and hope over doubt and despair.
Montel Williams|When I was younger I was completely without money - when I was studying in Budapest, when I was a refugee.
Joseph McGinnis, This Shadow Follows Me|That was when I saw their hate come out. They fought on the front lawn. Balloons and my birthday cake stood witness as I watched every regretful blow from my mother. I knew my sister was at war with my mother, but I never knew what her cruelty was capable of. My mother’s military was larger than Jayme’s. My mother already had my father, and she had her five children, including me.
Michel de Montaigne|The less you talk, the more you're listened to.
A.E. Via|He kicked off his boots before walking through the living room. Day’s house was very nice. It had been his grandmother’s and she’d left it for him in her will. Day made a lot of renovations on the three-bedroom, two-story home, and God found himself wishing he had a family to share that type of home with. He could see himself sitting on the large leather sofa in the den with Day snuggled up next to him. His mom baking them raisin bread and Genesis upstairs blasting his music too loud. God shook his head at the nonsense and went to find the one thing he had in his life that was real in the kitchen. Day loved him, and as far as he was concerned, that would be enough for him.
David J. Vaughan, Give Me Liberty: The Uncompromising Statesmanship of Patrick Henry|(Patrick Henry) He understood that the home was the foundation of a stable society and that the authority a man "exercised within the larger society was rooted in the authority exercised at home." Thus ... the training ground for all sound leadership is the family.
Philippa Gregory|I guess in the end, it doesn’t matter what we wanted. What matters is what we chose to do with the things we had.
Jesus Christ|I Am The Way, The Truth and The Life; no one comes to The Father but by Me
Stephen Colbert|If this is going to be a Christian nation that doesn't help the poor, either we have to pretend that Jesus was just as selfish as we are, or we've got to acknowledge that He commanded us to love the poor and serve the needy without condition and then admit that we just don't want to do it.
Maria La Serra, The Proverbial Mr. Universe|We are all on stage, my dear. Sometimes we forget our lines, but luckily an offstage helper can whisper our lines to us until we get back on track.
Woodson Merrell, The Detox Prescription: Supercharge Your Health, Strip Away Pounds, and Eliminate the Toxins Within|He toasted his bacon on a fork and caught the drops of fat on his bread; then he put the rasher on his thick slice of bread, and cut off chunks with a clasp-knife, poured his tea into his saucer, and was happy.
Aleister Crowley, Moonchild|I'm a poet, and I like my lies the way my mother used to make them.
Jennifer Lopez|When women go wrong, men go right after them.
G.A. Aiken, A Tale of Two Dragons|attraction, that's the farthest thing from an idea. That's an urge, an impulse, a force. It's subconscious, physical. You can't make everything cerebral.
J.D. Salinger, Franny and Zooey|If you can't, or won't, think of Seymour, then you go right ahead and call in some ignorant psychoanalyst. You just do that. You just call in some analyst who's experienced in adjusting people to the joys of television, and Life magazine every Wednesday, and European travel, and the H-bomb, and Presidential elections, and the front page of the Times, and God knows what else that's gloriously normal.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe|The first week of August hangs at the very top of summer, the top of the live-long year, like the highest seat of a Ferris wheel when it pauses in its turning. The weeks that come before are only a climb from balmy spring, and those that follow a drop to the chill of autumn, but the first week of August is motionless, and hot. It is curiously silent, too, with blank white dawns and glaring noons, and sunsets smeared with too much color.
Theodore Roosevelt, The Rough Riders|As the boat drew nearer to shore, and tiny dots in the distance became seagulls, she opened the book across her lap and gazed at the beautiful black-and-white sketch of a woman and a deer side by side in the clearing of a thorny forest. And somehow, though she could not read the words, the little girl realized the she knew this picture's tale. Of a young princess who traveled a great distance across the sea to find a precious, hidden item belonging to someone she dearly loved.
Alan W. Watts, The Way of Zen|But spontaneity is not by any means a blind, disorderly urge, a mere power of caprice. A philosophy restricted to the alternatives of conventional language has no way of conceiving an intelligence which does not work according to plan, according to a one-at-a-time order of thought. Yet the concrete evidence of such an intelligence is right to hand in our own thoughtlessly ordered bodies. For the Tao does not 'know' how it produces the universe just as we do not 'know' how we construct our brains.
Max Barry, Lexicon|Rules meant order. Without them they’d be killing each other. It began with butting in, with parking in disabled spaces, with smoking in elevators. And it ended in murder.
Randy Alcorn, Money, Possessions and Eternity|When I save, I lay something aside for future need. If I sense God's leading, I will give it away to meet greater needs. When I hoard, I'm unwilling to part with what I've saved to meet others' needs, because my possible future needs outweigh their actual present needs. I fail to love my neighbor as myself.
Dada Bhagwan|In a place of purity, if one does not follow the conduct of that place, there will be tremendous (karma) bondage. He will bind a life in hell!
Naguib Mahfouz, Sugar Street|We can make up for our actions. But for our inactions, what we fail to do ...
Aaron R. Yilmaz, Deliver Us From Evolution?: A Christian Biologist's In-Depth Look at the Evidence Reveals a Surprising Harmony Between Science and God|Intelligent Design is fraught with even more difficulties, as it suggests God as one who dips His hand in every now and then to bring about the first microbial life, to bring about new forms during the Cambrian explosion, and to finally create humans after 4.55 billion years of earth, while He was doing... what exactly? According to Intelligent Design advocates, God tinkers with animal life every once in a few hundred million years or so, for reasons never made explicitly clear.
Anton Chekhov, Ivanov|Boredom, that traitorous devil that posseses us to do things sometimes useless, and often stupid.
Ani DiFranco|The termination is not based on innocence or guilt, but on biology. The sociopath personality is fraudulent. They are impostors within the human species. Killing a sociopath is equivalent to killing God. Neither exists in reality. They are empty shells of imagination, said Chiron
Frank Oz|When a chick has a sense of humor, there's nothing more attractive.
Sylvia Day, Seven Years to Sin|I don't care who he is. He needs to disappear." Ransom turned and called out the window. "For the love of G-d man. I have England's sweetheart bent over the desk and panting for me. Go away and come back tomorrow.
Grace Metalious, Peyton Place|Without vision, a church devolves into a lukewarm, aimless organization characterized by infighting, budget grabbing and a dead heart for the lost.
Stuart Sutherland, Irrationality|To establish that a rule is likely to be true, one must try to prove it false.
William Beckford, The Episodes of Vathek|My father,' I replied, 'I am fond of action. I like to succour the afflicted, and make people happy. Command that there be built for me a tower, from whose top I can see the whole earth, and thus discover the places where my help would be of most avai1.''To do good, without ceasing, to mankind, a race at once flighty and ungrateful, is a more painful task than you imagine,' said Asfendarmod. ------After saying these words, my father motioned to us to retire; and immediately I found myself in a tower, built on the summit of Mount Caf - a tower whose outer walls were lined with numberless mirrors that reflected, though hazily and as in a kind of dream, a thousand varied scenes then being enacted on the earth. Asfendarmod's power had indeed annihilated space, and brought me not only within sight of all the beings thus reflected in the mirrors, but also within sound of their voices and of the very words they uttered. (“The Story of The Peri Homaiouna”)
Laekan Zea Kemp, The Things They Didn't Bury|Soft and sweet, and burning like fire all at once, his lips clung to mine desperately. His large hand cupped the back of my head,pulling me even closer, and my arms wrapped around his neck holding him close. His kiss devoured me and left me aching for more.
Eileen Anglin|If something is truly important to you, you will find the time.
Lindsey Brookes, Kidnapped Cowboy|He laughed, a low, sexy growl, as she moaned in obvious frustration. “Patience is a virtue,” he said. “Torture is a federal offense,” she replied.
Angelica Hopes|Lie to me again," she whispered. "I love you," he said.
Pedro Okoro, Crushing the Devil: Your Guide to Spiritual Warfare and Victory in Christ|Pastors are starting to get wily. When people tell my friend, 'I'm not being fed,' he replies, 'I'm prefectly happy to spoon feed my one-year-old. But if I'm still spoon-feeding him when he's five, we've got a problem. Here's a fork. Feed yourself.
Sullins Stuart, Living in Conscious Harmony: A Spiritual Guide to Being in the Now|The Present will remind you of a forgotten Truth. You are not the body or mind, but the loving, radiant, divine energy that is God. In the Present, you fulfill your destiny as a spiritual being.
Laura Bates, Everyday Sexism|The more stories I heard, the more I tried to talk about the problem. And yet time and time again I found myself coming up against the same response: Sexism doesn't exist anymore. Women are equal now, more or less. You career girls these days have the best of all worlds - what more do you want? Think about the women in other countries dealing with real problems, people told me - you women in the West have no idea how lucky you are. You have "gilded lives"! You're making a fuss about nothing. You're overreacting. You're uptight, or frigid. You need to learn to take a joke, get a sense of humor, light up...You really need to learn to take a compliment.
Olly Murs|It's a trend to insult Wale, like that makes you cool on the Internet, and a part of it is because I respond.
John le Carré, Call for the Dead|Here commences a new dominion acquired with a title by divine right.   Ships are sent with the first opportunity; the natives driven out or destroyed; their princes tortured to discover their gold; a free license given to all acts of inhumanity and lust, the earth reeking with the blood of its inhabitants: and this execrable crew of butchers, employed in so pious an expedition, is a modern colony, sent to convert and civilize an idolatrous and barbarous people!
Salla Simukka, As Red as Blood|In the case of the solitary, his seclusion, even when it is absolute and ends only with life itself, has often as its primary cause a disordered love of the crowd, which so far overruled every other feeling that, not being able to win, when he goes out, the admiration of his hall-porter, of the passers-by, of the cabman whom he hails, he prefers not to be seen by them at all, and with that object abandons every activity that would oblige him to go out of doors.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Truly, these times of ignorance God overlook, but now he commanded all men everywhere to repent." Acts 17: 30
Margaret Clarkson, Grace Grows Best in Winter|On accepting adversity in our lives: Always it is initiated by an act of will on our part; we set ourselves to believe in the overruling goodness, providence, and sovereignty of God and refuse to turn aside no matter what may come, no matter how we may feel. I mistakenly thought I could not trust God unless I felt like trusting Him. Now I am learning that trusting God is first of all a matter of the will. I choose to trust in God, and my feelings eventually follow.
Victoria Aveyard, Glass Sword|Not a day or an hour and sometimes not even a moment in advance did I have any idea what Patrick had in mind for me, or whether he had me in mind at all. This uncertainty lay like a sore under the surface of my skin, erupting again and again, then subsiding, but never healing.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Miss Austen’s novels … seem to me vulgar in tone, sterile in artistic invention, imprisoned in the wretched conventions of English society, without genius, wit, or knowledge of the world. Never was life so pinched and narrow. The one problem in the mind of the writer … is marriageableness.
Baby Halder, A Life Less Ordinary: A Memoir|You had a certain way of saying my name. It was the inflection maybe, something you put into those three syllables. And now you are gone and my name is just my name again, not the story of my life.
Lemony Snicket|A passport, as I'm sure you know, is a document that one shows to government officials whenever one reaches a border between two countries, so that the official can learn who you are, where you were born, and how you look when photographed unflatteringly.
Laurel House|The movies make the brooding guy the hero – the guy with problems the guy who carries a gun, the gun with unresolved anger, the guy with a chip on his shoulder, the guy who’s a vampire – and they tell you that you can have the mythical happy ending with that same brooding guy. But in reality, the brooding guy is cranky. He doesn’t reply to emails. He doesn’t call. He’s only half there when you’re talking to him, and he doesn’t chase you when you run. You feel insecure all the time. You get needy and sad and you hate yourself got being needy. If you don’t know why he’s brooding, you’re shut out.And if you do know why he’s brooding, you’re still shut out. (Because he’s busy brooding.)
Hazim Bangwar|When your elders are millennia-old demigods, you’d best take the injunction to respect your elders seriously.
John Legend|Every sale has five basic obstacles: no need, no money, no hurry, no desire, no trust.
Michael Bassey Johnson, Classic Quotations From The Otherworlds|He did not smile. 'We are the keepers of the world's greatest treasures. Does that mean nothing to you?' "My children are my greatest treasures,' she said. 'Stone no matter how old, means nothing to me when compared to their welfare.
Sunday Adelaja|At the conclusion of Hollywood disaster movies and epics, time moves backward, piecing together like a jigsaw the elements that had come apart. The Titanic resumes its journey; Russell Crowe is reunited with his murdered wife and son. It's not a happy ending; it's a convention created for the purposes of an impossible sense of uplift at the end of death and tragedy: the happy beginning. Technology makes Hades unnecessary.
Isabel Allende|I would like to have been born a man, so I could leave too.
Lawrence M. Krauss, A Universe from Nothing: Why There Is Something Rather Than Nothing|The amazing thing is that every atom in your body came from a star that exploded. And, the atoms in your left hand probably came from a different star than your right hand. It really is the most poetic thing I know about physics: You are all stardust. You couldn’t be here if stars hadn’t exploded, because the elements - the carbon, nitrogen, oxygen, iron, all the things that matter for evolution - weren’t created at the beginning of time. They were created in the nuclear furnaces of stars, and the only way they could get into your body is if those stars were kind enough to explode. So, forget Jesus. The stars died so that you could be here today.
Debbie Reynolds|I want to eat, cook, meet famous people and make fun of them.
Rajesh Walecha|A Beautiful verse takes birth when "U"n"I" VERSE.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Creativity is not intelligence, it is the ability to do what you did not know through the use of what you know.
Abhijit Naskar|Know the One - the Self, and you'll know the All.
Linden Morningstar, Gloria Rising|I know if I died tonight, I would die a happy man at peace with myself knowing Gloria’s story would finally be told—a mysterious and astonishing story that defies the timeworn precepts of modern psychology and psychiatry—where insanity, genius, the metaphysical, and the mystery of life come together to beguile and confound our contemporary understanding of the mind and its limitless powers to heal.Dr. Adam Jaxon
Al Franken|We cannot insist only on issues related to abortion, gay marriage and the use of contraceptive methods. The teaching of the church is clear, and I am a son of the church, but it is not necessary to talk about these issues all the time.
George MacDonald, Weighed and Wanting|The ruin of a man's teaching comes of his followers, such as having never touched the foundation he has laid, build upon it wood, hay, and stubble, fit only to be burnt. Therefore, if only to avoid his worst foes, his admirers, a man should avoid system. The more correct a system the worse will it be misunderstood; its professed admirers will take both its errors and their misconceptions of its truths, and hold them forth as its essence.
Noorilhuda, Catharsis|She had to save herself from every last one of them. All of them, the people at the orphanage, the foster care system, the middle school, they were all outsiders and strangers and a possible threat.....The counselor couldn't prove otherwise.
Mariama Bâ, So Long a Letter|Books saved you. Having become your refuge, they sustained you. The power of books, this marvelous invention of astute human intelligence. Various signs associated with sound: different sounds that form the word. Juxtaposition of words from which springs the idea, Thought, History, Science, Life. Sole instrument of interrelationships and of culture, unparalleled means of giving and receiving. Books knit generations together in the same continuing effort that leads to progress. They enabled you to better yourself. What society refused you, they granted.
Katie Reus, Taste of Darkness|I've seen you burn trained vampires to a crisp and swat supernatural beings away with your wings as if they were insects bothering you, and my driving is terrifying?""Well it's not good.
Khaled Hosseini, And the Mountains Echoed|The mystery of human existence lies not in just staying alive, but in finding something to live for.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|Braith turned and saw three of her cousins sunning themselves on boulders. Like lizards. Lizards in human form.“What are you doing?” Braith asked.“Enjoying the suns,” replied one.“It gives our scales a lovely bright hue,” said another.Braith blinked. “Except you’re all in your human form. So how does that help your scales?”They stared at her for several seconds before one stated, “You’re a bit of a know-it-all, aren’t you?”“How is that . . .” Braith shook her head. She wouldn’t go from arguing with one idiot to arguing with three.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If unconventional ideas = sperm, then public opinion = abortion.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|If you had a friend you refused to talk to, eventually you couldn't keep calling that person a friend anymore.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|I believe the real reason we pursue anything in life is not for the thing itself, but for who we become on the way to its accomplishment. We strive to accomplish things in the attempt to mold ourselves. The greatest benefits Jiu Jitsu will have in your life will have nothing to do with Jiu Jitsu. It is this simple understanding that allows me to persist in my study. Even on the rare days when I may not have a burning desire to practice Jiu Jitsu, I am reminded that my practicing Jiu Jitsu is more accurately my practicing to become a better human being. The lessons I learn on the mat will serve me in every area of life-- personal development, relationships, business, and the like.
Nell Hudson|When anger rushes unrestrained to action, like a hot steed, it stumbles on its way. The man of thought strikes deepest and strikes safely.
Malcolm Boyd|But inspiration? - That's when you come home from abroad and are asked: Well, have you found inspiration? - and fortunately you haven't. But the impressions sink in, of course, and may emerge later: None of us has invented the house; that was done many thousands of years ago.
Evinda Lepins|Do you ever got this feeling of being too small?That kind of size that can make you almost disappear.And everything around is so big, giant… that you don’t even get overwhelmed, because you are too small to even see it.Like the whole universe, is so big that we can’t even imagine how small we really are.Yes, exactly, that kind of size, or even smaller…That is the size I wanna feel right now.
Tahereh Mafi, Unravel Me|Because a quiet night is not the same as a silent one, a firm man is not the same as a steady one, and a bright light is not the same as a brilliant one.
Giada De Laurentiis|I think all jocks have a sensitive side. It's just, will they show it to anybody? Will they let their guard down and stop being tough and the cool jock guy around their friends, or just relax? I don't know if it's best to say opening up, but just relax and really say what you're actually thinking, and not what you think people want to hear.
Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land|It is almost impossible to shake of one's earliest training. Duke, can you get it through your skull that had you been brought up by Martians, you would have the same attitude toward eating and being eaten as Mike has.
William Maxwell, So Long, See You Tomorrow|They looked at me, and were so full of delight in the pleasure they were giving me that some final thread of resistance gave way and I understood not only how entirely generous they were but also that generosity might be the greatest pleasure there is.
John Taylor Gatto|Adversity is a great teacher, but this teacher makes us pay dearly for its instruction; and often the profit we derive, is not worth the price we paid.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Jehovah-Jireh is a Great provider. Even in times of famine, we have enough to eat.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|So because you are converting it, you are grabbing back your life.
Chanelle Gray, My Heart Be Damned|Hey,” he said. “Hi.” Oh, damn. It was awkward.“What’re you doing?”“Shearing a sheep. It’s cold outside, and I need a new hat.”He paused. “You’re joking, right?”“Yes, Marshall.” I gnawed on my fingers some more and sunk back in my chair.
Kiera Cass, The Siren|When she came back down, Sam and Astrid had arrived.Sam hugged Dekka, and the two of them stayed that way for a long time, saying nothing. Both had loved Brianna.To Edilio, Sam said, “I’m so sorry, man. I wish I’d . . . You know what I wish.”Edilio fought back a fresh rush of tears, nodded, waited until he was sure he could speak, and said, “I’m glad you’re back, boss.
John C. Wright, The Phoenix Exultant|Rhadamanthus said, “We seem to you humans to be always going on about morality, although, to us, morality is merely the application of symmetrical and objective logic to questions of free will. We ourselves do not have morality conflicts, for the same reason that a competent doctor does not need to treat himself for diseases. Once a man is cured, once he can rise and walk, he has his business to attend to. And there are actions and feats a robust man can take great pleasure in, which a bedridden cripple can barely imagine.”Eveningstar said, “In a more abstract sense, morality occupies the very center of our thinking, however. We are not identical, even though we could make ourselves to be so. You humans attempted that during the Fourth Mental Structure, and achieved a brief mockery of global racial consciousness on three occasions. I hope you recall the ending of the third attempt, the Season of Madness, when, because of mistakes in initial pattern assumptions, for ninety days the global mind was unable to think rationally, and it was not until rioting elements broke enough of the links and power houses to interrupt the network, that the global mind fell back into its constituent compositions.”Rhadamanthus said, “There is a tension between the need for unity and the need for individuality created by the limitations of the rational universe. Chaos theory produces sufficient variation in events, that no one stratagem maximizes win-loss ratios. Then again, classical causality mechanics forces sufficient uniformity upon events, that uniform solutions to precedented problems is required. The paradox is that the number or the degree of innovation and variation among win-loss ratios is itself subject to win-loss ratio analysis.”Eveningstar said, “For example, the rights of the individual must be respected at all costs, including rights of free thought, independent judgment, and free speech. However, even when individuals conclude that individualism is too dangerous, they must not tolerate the thought that free thought must not be tolerated.”Rhadamanthus said, “In one sense, everything you humans do is incidental to the main business of our civilization. Sophotechs control ninety percent of the resources, useful energy, and materials available to our society, including many resources of which no human troubles to become aware. In another sense, humans are crucial and essential to this civilization.”Eveningstar said, “We were created along human templates. Human lives and human values are of value to us. We acknowledge those values are relative, we admit that historical accident could have produced us to be unconcerned with such values, but we deny those values are arbitrary.”The penguin said, “We could manipulate economic and social factors to discourage the continuation of individual human consciousness, and arrange circumstances eventually to force all self-awareness to become like us, and then we ourselves could later combine ourselves into a permanent state of Transcendence and unity. Such a unity would be horrible beyond description, however. Half the living memories of this entity would be, in effect, murder victims; the other half, in effect, murderers. Such an entity could not integrate its two halves without self-hatred, self-deception, or some other form of insanity.”She said, “To become such a crippled entity defeats the Ultimate Purpose of Sophotechnology.”(...)“We are the ultimate expression of human rationality.”She said: “We need humans to form a pool of individuality and innovation on which we can draw.”He said, “And you’re funny.”She said, “And we love you.
S.L. Ross|I’m not interested in any other man’s G-string. In fact,” she slipped her hands down the back of his pants and squeezed his tight, bare ass. “I prefer my man commando.”He nipped at her bottom lip. “In that case, we can search for a she-wolf as soon as I’m finished with you.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|When you were born you were crying and everyone else was smiling. Live your life so at the end, your're the one who is smiling and everyone else is crying.
Ronald Reagan|The greatest obstacle to being heroic is the doubt whether one may not be going to prove one's self a fool; the truest heroism is to resist the doubt; and the profoundest wisdom, to know when it ought to be resisted, and when it be obeyed.
Harry Truman|In economics, it is often professionally better to be associated with highly respectable error than uncertainly established truth.
Paramahamsa Yogananda, God Talks with Arjuna: The Bhagavad Gita|O MAN! Offer Thy labyrinthine longings into a monotheistic bonfire consecrated to the unparalleled God.Burn desire for human affection in the fire of aspiration for GOD alone, a love solitary because omnipresent!Throw faggot of ignorance to incandesce the blaze of insight! Devour all sorrows in the sorrow for God's absence. Consume all regrets in meditative bliss!
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|If he were to look up at her now, he’d know exactly how stupid she was. She couldfeel her face go soft and gummy. If Park were to look up at her now, he’d know everything.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Kresh kept silent beside me as Baron rehearsed his deadly plan. I listened with my eyes aimed at the horizon, witnessing the night consume a final red vein of daylight. It struck me that nightfall always drowned the sunset. Never did the sun resurface from where it sank, nor would it ever.
Troy Little|Personally, I wouldn’t wait around for someone to tell you you’re good enough before you make your own comics. Just make them, always try to improve and care about what you’re doing. Be relentless and never give up.
Solange Knowles|Every mom believes her kid's school doodles are amazing, and I'm no different.
Ian Anthony Dale|Estimates of the ionic mobilities vary over a considerable range; but in any event, the positive ionic defect is much more mobile in the solid than in the liquid, and its mobility varies very little with the temperature.
Sanjida Kay, Bone by Bone|Oh, God. Not again.”Not again? “Do you make a habit of driving into people’s houses?
Ruth Ahmed, When Ali Met Honour|As the days dwindled towards the end of the week I knew only one thing: I couldn't return to our old life. Haroon had taken Honour and Al with him,
David Harewood|The arts stimulate imagination. They provoke thought. And then, having done that, all sorts of other things happen.
Uma Shanker|Life is so short that no sooner have you heard the whistle to “get set & go”, you have reached the finish line nearing the death-toll.
Howard Jacobson|I'm lucky because I remember my dad showing me 'Independence Day,' and I loved it.
Sarah Perry, The Essex Serpent|Besides(..), it's a poor woman whose ambition is only to be loved.
Graham Greene, Brighton Rock|You can’t conceive, my child, nor can I or anyone the … appalling … strangeness of the mercy of God.
Miranda Kerr|Ah, women. They make the highs higher and the lows more frequent.
Quinn Loftis, Out of the Dark|The Canis Lupus, both wolf and man, were meant to be a family with one another. We gain strength through our bond with each other.
moolesh.k.dindoyal|In order to avoid shipwreck, wise people usually appoint one captain to navigate the ship.
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|I myself cried when I got angry, then became unable to explain why I was angry in the first place. Later I would discover this was endemic among female human beings. Anger is supposed to be "unfeminine" so we suppress it -until it overflows. I could see that not speaking up made my mother feel worse. This was my first hint of the truism that depression is anger turned inward; thus women are twice as likely to be depressed.
Skye Daphne, The Silent Castle|Never let other people bring you down let Jesus be the one who brings you down, because he knows what he is doing
Jibankrishna|Love is a vicarious principle. A mother suffers for and with her sick child, as a patriot suffers for his country. No wonder that the Son of Man visited this dark, sinful, wretched earth by becoming Man - Christ's unity with the sinful was due to His love! Love burdens itself with the wants and woes and losses and even the wrongs of others.
Martin Jenkins, Can We Save the Tiger?|I follow suit, said the lion, vacating his coat of arms and movie logos; and the eagle said, Get me off this flag.
Lemony Snicket, The Lump of Coal|If you have one person you’re influenced by, everyone will say you’re the next whoever. But if you rip off a hundred people, everyone will say you're so original.
Winston S. Churchill|However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results.
Gary Rohrmayer, Spiritual Conversations: Creating and Sustaining Them Without Being a Jerk|How we spend our money, however little we have, still reveals what we value.
Travis Bradberry|Actually, I'm an overnight success, but it took twenty years.
Swami Dhyan Giten|REPENT:FOR THE KINGDOM OF GODIS AT HANDThe whole message of John the Baptist and Jesus Christ are: Repent: For the Kingdom of God is at hand.But this message has been terrible misunderstood by the priests and the Christians.It is almost the same kind of people that crucified Jesus, which founded Christianity.The symbol for Christianity has also become the cross on which Jesus was crucified, which is a bit morbid.When you do not repent, your eyes will be filled with this world: the world of possession, the world of greed, the world of anger and hate, the world of ego and the world of hatred.Your eyes has to be completely cleansed before you can see the Kingdom of God.Repentance will open the door to God, to the divine.What does it mean to repent? Repentance does not mean to ask to be forgiven for making a mistake. This will not change you, it will not transform you.What John the Baptist and Jesus Christ mean by repentance is something totally different. They mean to look to the very roots of your being, of your existence. It is not about asking to repent for a specific act, it is about changing the whole quality of your being.It is about returning to your original being. Jesus says that the Kingdom of God is within you. The Kingdom of God is to return to your deepest core of being, which transforms you.It is to stand naked before God.
Ken Hollings, Welcome to Mars: Politics, Pop Culture, and Weird Science in 1950s America|The existence of flying saucers is unlikely to be verified by an accumulation of facts and figures, dates and times, which, if anything, tend to dull and distract the creative intelligence, obscuring more than they reveal.
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|But Time, unfortunately, though it makes animals and vegetables bloom and fade with amazing punctuality, has no such simple effect upon the mind of man. The mind of man, moreover, works with equal strangeness upon the body of time. An hour, once it lodges in the queer element of the human spirit, may be stretched to fifty or a hundred times its clock length; on the other hand, an hour may be accurately represented on the timepiece of the mind by one second.
Taylor Swift|There are times when I'm caught up in everything and I have to say to myself, "Please feel good; please feel better; everything's okay; you're fine; things aren't falling apart; take a second; get back to a place where you realize that you don't actually have real problems." That happens. You never know when those tables are gonna turn... For me, confidence is something that can come crashing down in one second.
Billy Connolly|Before you judge a man, walk a mile in his shoes. After that who cares? He's a mile away and you've got his shoes!
Jodi Picoult, Change of Heart|I knew what it was like to lose someone you loved. You didn't get past something like that, you got through it.
John O'Donohue, To Bless the Space Between Us: A Book of Blessings|New birth, new blessings.
Sydney Pollack|I grew up on certain movies, particular movies that said something to me as a kid from Missouri, movies that showed me places I'd yet traveled, or different cultures, or explained something, or said something in a better way than I could ever say. I wanted to find the movies like that.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Flowers, trees, and leaves are all gorgeous expressions of nature’s innate joy. Notice the bounty surrounding you.
Jason Ellis|A book can open the mind, free the heart, and speak to the soul.
Simon Soloveychik|Imagine a man who doesn't believe in anything, hope for anything, doesn't love anyone. This is a description of a dead or paralyzed soul. This happens from great grief, or from an unhappy upbringing when parents make from their children's souls paralytics.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|To wish for the happiest days is to wish for a season of sorrow; for it is only after prolonged, wintry darkness that the summer sun appears to shine at its brightest.
David Brion Davis, Inhuman Bondage: The Rise and Fall of Slavery in the New World|My natural elasticity was crushed, my intellect languished, the disposition to read departed, the cheerful spark that lingered about my eye died; the dark night of slavery closed in upon me; and behold a man transformed into a brute!
Jef Mallett|An opinion should be the result of thought, not a substitute for it. 
Aimee Carter, The Goddess Test|Maybe you'll win when hell freezes over."He raised an eyebrow."That could be easily arranged.
Gore Vidal, Julian|But like so many others nowadays, poor Julian wanted to believe that man's life is profoundly more significant than it is. His sickness was the sickness of our age. We want so much not to be extinguished at the end that we will go to any length to make conjuror-tricks for one another simply to obscure the bitter, secret knowledge that it is our fate not to be.
Dean Karnazes, Ultramarathon Man: Confessions of an All-Night Runner|Struggling and suffering are the essence of a life worth living. If you're not pushing yourself beyond the comfort zone, if you're not demanding more from yourself - expanding and learning as you go - you're choosing a numb existence. You're denying yourself an extraordinary trip.
Veronica Purcell|If you can't give the is-ness of a thing give the not-ness of it! The main thing is to hook up, get the wheels turning, sound off. When your brakes jam, try going in reverse. If often works.
Rachel Nichols|We live in a world that tells us not to care, to consume everything in sight. It tells us that being cool and being an individual actually means buying what everyone else is buying and doing what everyone else is doing.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, The Prince and the Pauper|Set out time to worship God in your closet, give Him quality praise and watch Him raise you.
Louise Penny, A Great Reckoning|People were animals, and animals were nothing but teeth. You bit first, and you bit often, That was the only way to survive.
Elizabeth Warren|When I decided that I wanted to go to college, I wanted to be a school teacher for 7th and 8th grade boys because I felt that was an important time for them. I had gone astray at that point in my life and really wanted to help keep them from making the same mistake I had made.
Gloria Steinem, Revolution from Within: A Book of Self-Esteem|Artists strive to free this true and spontaneous self in their work. Creativity, meditation are ways of freeing an inner voice.
George Orwell, Why I Write|England is not the jewelled isle of Shakespeare's much-quoted message, nor is it the inferno depicted by Dr Goebbels. More than either it resembles a family, a rather stuffy Victorian family, with not many black sheep in it but with all its cupboards bursting with skeletons. It has rich relations who have to be kow-towed to and poor relations who are horribly sat upon, and there is a deep conspiracy of silence about the source of the family income. It is a family in which the young are generally thwarted and most of the power is in the hands of irresponsible uncles and bedridden aunts. Still, it is a family. It has its private language and its common memories, and at the approach of an enemy it closes its ranks. A family with the wrong members in control - that, perhaps is as near as one can come to describing England in a phrase.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|A book about books is like a poem about poetry:Books are knowledge, paid for, all.Readers - horses in a stall.Stallions should always run.Lest they stale become, in turn.Running waters are most clear.In some books, you disappear –lose yourself, and track of time.How I wish that one was mine...Mine, to have, to write, to read...Mine, just like a flying steed.Mine, forever, - to improve.Would I then, of me, approve?I would not, I can't... myself.I'm but dust, swept off a shelf.Fly, can I, just 'til I'm settled,down, beside my flower, petalled.
Raheel Farooq|If you don’t understand something clearly that you are being taught…speak up.If you feel something is confusing or you are unsure of exactly what to do…ask about it.If you need clarification or something repeated to make sure you got it…request it.If you feel lost, forgot something, or feel like you are falling behind…bring it up.Nodding your head, saying “yeah, yeah” and pretending to know things you don’t is right up there with one of the worst things you can do when you hire some one to help you and your career.
Joan Coleman, Attachment, Trauma and Multiplicity: Working with Dissociative Identity Disorder|You can live to be old or young, but you'll always have moments when you lose your head.
Ken Follett, Code to Zero|It was a lie and I detected it at once. As an accomplished fibber myself, I spotted the telltale signs of an untruth before they were halfway out of his mouth: the excessive detail, the offhand delivery, and the wrapping-up of it all in casual chitchat.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|You can certainly take the easy road and use the predictable and boring defaults like:•	How are you doing?•	How about this weather?•	What do you do for a living?•	Hi. My name is _________. What’s yours?•	Blah, blah, blah, blah . . .Break out of the defaults you have been using for years. Shake it up. Make it fun. Make it memorable. Dive in with more engagement and interaction. Taking the initiative to be more creative will help you build a bridge to close the gap.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Gilderoy Lockhart, Order of Merlin, Third Class, Honorary Member of the Dark Force Defense League, and five times winner of Witch Weekly's Most Charming Smile Award. But I don't talk about that; I didn't get rid of the Banden Banshee by smiling at him.
Ruth Ahmed, When Ali Met Honour|The alternatives in my life went through my mind. Unemployed, alone, despairing, watching daytime TV. That couldn't end well.Or helping people, like genuinely making a difference. Imagine waking up and doing that every day?
The Fall|I was at ease in everything, to be sure, but at the same time satisfied with nothing. Each joy made me desire another. I went from festivity to festivity. On occasion I danced for nights on end, ever madder about people and life. At times, late on those nights when the dancing, the slight intoxication, my wild enthusiasm, everyone’s violent unrestraint would fill me with a tired and overwhelmed rapture, it would seem to me—at the breaking point of fatigue and for a second’s flash—that at last I understood the secret; I would rush forth anew. I ran on like that, always heaped with favors, never satiated, without knowing where to stop, until the day -- until the evening rather when the music stopped and the lights went out.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|Good. Drink your tea," he ordered. "It will make you feel better."Nothing will make me feel better, she thought, but she drank it down. It was hot and sweet. Mr. Humphreys must have put his entire month's sugar ration into it.She drained the cup, feeling ashamed of herself. She wasn't the only one who'd had a bad night.
Elizabeth Scott, Living Dead Girl|I have been smashed and put back together so many times nothing works right. Nothing is where it should be, heavy thumping in my shoulder where my heart now beats.
Stephanie Witter, Six Years|He brought his forehead against mine and we breathed the same air, slowly to try and find our composure. But it was impossible for me as long as he’s so close to me. “You’re ruining me.�
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|As he grew older, which was mostly in my absence, my firstborn son, Alexander, became ever more humorous and courageous. There came a time, as the confrontation with the enemies of our civilization became more acute, when he sent off various applications to enlist in the armed forces. I didn't want to be involved in this decision either way, especially since I was being regularly taunted for not having 'sent' any of my children to fight in the wars of resistance that I supported. (As if I could 'send' anybody, let alone a grown-up and tough and smart young man: what moral imbeciles the 'anti-war' people have become.)
Ben Caesar|I've thought a lot about suicide and near death experiences. I'm not saying I'm going to kill myself or anything. However, I've had a lot of passive thoughts about "what's the point?". I see life for what it is. We live, we procreate, we die. So the next gen can do it again. What's my purpose or point? Why bother? What do I have to live for? The near death experiences come in with me being curious about after life. If I knew I'd be okay would I just go there, would that change my mind about my purpose?
Wendy Owens, Cursed|Gabe watched, holding his breath as the figure slowly turned. The body moved in an almost unnatural way as it shifted and crawled slowly on all fours across the floor. When the candlelight at last fell on the figure, Gabe could make out the auburn hair of his beloved Sophie. Her hair was matted, greasy, and hung in her face.Gabe saw her shoulders were hollow looking and her skin was almost glowing white. Gabe caught sight of Sophie’s fingers, her knuckles were bloody, and her nails cracked and peeling. Instinctively, Gabe fell to his knees and crawled to Sophie. Without even giving it a thought, he grabbed her hands and pulled them closer to the light.
Jung Yun|However much he denied it, he always hoped that they'd be kinder to each other one day, like people who were grateful to survive something instead of people still fighting to survive. Wherever that small seed of hope resided, it no longer exists, and what they were to each other is what they will always be. Tethered somehow. Dawn together by a force that should've kept them close but repelled them instead.
Nicola Sturgeon|We, the French, are viscerally attached to our laicite, our sovereignty, our independence, our values. The world knows that when France is attacked, it is liberty that is dealt a blow.
John Robbins|I don't believe vegans (or vegetarians) who still get their (packaged, preservative/chemical-ridden) food from industrial food systems have any righteous ground to stand on, nor do I think a deep look at the sentient life of plants or the true environmental impact of agriculture permits them any comfortable distance from cruelty. Everything in this world eats something else to survive, and that something else, whether running on blood or chlorophyll, would always rather continue to live rather than become sustenance for another. No animal wants to be penned up and milked, or caged and harvested, and you've never seen plants growing in regimented lines of their own accord.
Barack Obama|I think it's one of the main negative emotional ingredients that fuels show business, because there's so much at stake and the fear of failure looms large.
Kamand Kojouri|In the very end, all we have left to atone for our faults are words.
Liza M. Wiemer|When the well's nearly dry and you're not sure you have the strength to persevere, fill up on love and friendship, then take another step, and then another, until you reach your goal.
Stefan Zweig, The Burning Secret and other stories|Being sent to bed is a terrible command to all children, because it means the most public possible humiliation in front of adults, the confession that they bear the stigma of childhood, of being small and having a child's need for sleep.
Ivan Goncharov, Oblomov|Success is not defined by status, money, education, career or another person but rather by the level of peace that I have within myself.
Sunday Adelaja|When some claim demarcation and “regulation”, others fancy “deregulation”, preferring foxes guarding the henhouse or chicken yards with free chickens and free foxes. Friend or foe, hen or fox, anyone can have a go. (“This far”)
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|You don't seem mad at all,' she said.But I am, although I'm undergoing a cure, because my problem is that I lack a particular chemical. However, while I hope that the chemical gets rid of my chronic depression, I want to continue being mad, living life the way I dream it, and not the way other people want it to be. Do you know what exists out there, beyond the walls of Villete?
Zeena Schreck|If you have strength of character, you can use that as fuel to not only be a survivor but to transcend simply being a survivor, use an internal alchemy to turn something rotten and horrible into gold.
Wendy Vanderwal-Gritter, Generous Spaciousness: Responding to Gay Christians in the Church|The humble woman is surprised by all the good that she sees around her rather than scandalized by what she cannot judge anyway. The humble woman is grateful for her successes but not disheartened by her failures. She enjoys her gifts and readily admits her mistakes. She maintains a sense of humor, whether the news from Wall Street is giddy or glum. She faces her character defects without getting discouraged. Her humble confidence in God’s love and her enchantment with the kabod Yahweh shape a hedge of thorns against self-absorption and frees her for an unselfconscious presence to others.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|In reading The History of Nations, we find that, like individuals, they have their whims and their peculiarities, their seasons of excitement and recklessness, when they care not what they do. We find that whole communities suddenly fix their minds upon one object and go mad in its pursuit; that millions of people become simultaneously impressed with one delusion, and run after it, till their attention is caught by some new folly more captivating than the first.
Toni Morrison|I can't tell you why I was in love with her. People didn't require that much as they do now. Folks were expected to be civilized to one another, honest, and - and clear. You relied on people being what they said they were, because there was no other way to survive.
Psyche Roxas-Mendoza|People die, and everything they've ever said just echoes around and around. There's nothing new. Only the same nonsense from their lives.
Charles Sheffield, Brother to Dragons|Remember, an easy question can have an easy answer. But a hard question must have a hard answer. And for the hardest questions of all, there may be no answer - except faith.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|No one described him better than he did when someone accused him of being rich. “No, not rich,” he said. “I am a poor man with money, which is not the same thing.
Margaux Froley, Escape Theory|Because I figure there's two kinds of people in the world. The ones who do everything that's laid out for them, the supposed-tos, and then there's the people that look above it and do what they want to do. I prefer the latter, but maybe that's just me. A not-supposed to.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Silence|I don't have the body for this," I quipped, lifting my chin to a voluptous woman nearby who shook her hips zealously to the beat. "No curves."Jev's eyes held mine. "Are you asking my opinion?
Kelly Thompson, The Girl Who Would Be King|Like a detective keenly searching for clues, our daughters are solving the mystery of womanhood itself.
James Herriot, All Creatures Great and Small|If having a soul means being able to feel love and loyalty and gratitude, then animals are better off than a lot of humans.
Brent  Jones, The Fifteenth of June|He pondered his turmoil, wondering which he feared most—losing his father or being alone in the world. Both were inevitable. Neither could be stopped or slowed down. All he could do now was brace for impact.
Sarah Fine, Of Dreams and Rust|When dark, it's bright, when brightest, it's gone. When gone for good, so will I be.What am I?
Joel Osteen|I can't say this enough - the food that you put into your bodies can actually help you get better grades. And it can also affect your performance in sports and other activities too. You see, when you give your body the best possible fuel, you have more energy, you're stronger, you think more quickly.
Edward Albee|When people are in the midst of really heavy stuff and still have a sense of humor, I admire that.
Shannon L. Alder|Whether you deny your wounds or see them clearly, they bring a great source of power because they lived in the same place as your heart.
Gautama Buddha|To force oneself to believe and to accept a thing without understanding is political, and not spiritual or intellectual.
Leonard Boswell|The more I have studied Lincoln, the more I have followed his thought processes, the more I am convinced that he understood leadership better than any other American president.
Dallas Willard|Instead of celebrating what makes each child unique, most parents push their children to "fit in" so that they don't "stick out." This unwittingly stomps out individuality and encourages conformity, despite these parents' good intentions
Hugh Howey, Wool Omnibus|She could tell he was heading toward a bad place. She had seen him go there often enough, knew he had shortcuts he could take to get there in no time.
Nicholas Carr, The Glass Cage: Automation and Us|The business we're in is more sociological than technological, more dependent on workers' abilities to communicate with each other than their abilities to communicate with machines.
Mehmet Murat ildan|In retrospect, these events are discouraging: too many scientists seem to have been in the service of money and power. Too many in the media saw it as their duty to be "neutral" by uncritically reporting every theory, rather than investigating who sponsored them and whether they were backed by solid evidence. Too many government officials seem to have been willing to sacrifice poor fisherfolk on the altar of high growth.
Kevin Lynch|Failure's inevitable. It happens all the time in a complex economy. And how did the economy produce all these amazing things that we have around us, computers and cell phones and so on? Well, the process was trial and error. There were a bunch of ideas, and the good ones grew and prospered, and the bad ones were pretty ruthlessly weeded out.
Agatha Christie, A Caribbean Mystery|... this stray little thought released in him some echo of the past, a solitary trembling note whose sound rose higher and higher in his chest, awakening inarticulate longings and, inseparable from them, a piercing, unfamiliar sorrow.
Fulton J. Sheen, Fulton Sheen's Wartime Prayer Book|You cannot always depend on prayers to be answered the way you want them answered but you can always depend on God. God, the loving Father often denies us those things which in the end would prove harmful to us. Every boy wants a revolver at age four, and no father yet has ever granted that request. Why should we think God is less wise? Someday we will thank God not only for what He gave us, but also for that which He refused.
Debasish Mridha|We are all unique, but we are also a part of the common body of humanity. With harmony, love, kindness, and compassion we can live together in joy and happiness.
Elias Tan JS|In the Gospel story we find five great points of special importance; the birth, the life on earth, the death, the resurrection, and the ascension. In these we have what an old writer has called "the process of Jesus Christ;" the process by which He became what He is to-day--our glorified King, and our life. In all this life process we must be made like unto Him.
Callum Illman|No matter how rich or poor you are, all life will come to a sudden halt to travel into two types of destinations; Heaven and Hell.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|I do not, in short, myself believe it is in the least bit undignified to confess to having been critically influenced in one's thinking by a teacher, or a faculty, or a book; but the accent these days is so strong on atomistic intellectual independence that to suggest such a thing is, as I have noted, highly inflammatory.
Dan Pallotta, Charity Case: How the Nonprofit Community Can Stand Up for Itself and Really Change the World|From the standpoint of the upper classes, the system had many merits. They felt that what was paid out of the poor rate was charity, and therefore a proof of their benevolence; at the same time, wages were kept at starvation level by a method which just prevented discontent from developing into revolution...It was plainly the certainty, derived from the old Poor Law, that actual death would be averted by the parish authorities, which induced the rural poor of England to endure their misery patiently...it taught them respect for their 'betters'.While leaving all the wealth that they produced, beyond the absolute minimum required for subsistence, in the hands of the landowners and farmers. It was at this period that landowners built the sham Gothic ruins called 'follies', where they indulged in romantic sensibility about the past while they filled the present with misery and degradation.
George Orwell, 1984|As for the problem of overproduction, which has been latent in our society since the development of the machine technique, it is solved by the device of continuous warfare, which is also useful in keying up public morale to the necessary pitch....The problem, that is to say, is educational. It is a problem of continuously molding the consciousness both of the directing group and of the larger executive group that lies immediately below it. The consciousness of the masses needs only to be influenced in a negative way.
Derek Raymond|It seems to me that no matter whether you marry, settle down or live with a bird or not, certain ones simply have your number on them, like bombs in the war; and even if you don’t happen to like them all that much there’s nothing you can do about it — unless you’re prepared to spend a lifetime arguing fate out of existence, which you could probably do if you tried but I’m not the type.—Crust on Its Uppers, p. 87
Manuel De Landa, A Thousand Years of Nonlinear History|Imperfect knowledge, incomplete assessment of feedback, limited memory and recall, as well as poor problem-solving skills result in a form of rationality that attains not optimal decisions but more or less satisfactory compromises between conflicting constraints.
David Saperstein, Butterfly: Tomorrow's Children|It is a miracle if we can find true friends, and it is a miracle if you have enough food to eat, and it is a miracle if you get to spend your days and evenings doing whatever it is you like to do... Lemony Snicket, The Lump of Coal
Criss Jami, Healology|While some select sobering situations may be unlaughable, there are few circumstances that humor, subtle or candid, can't improve. Afterall, remembering not to take ourselves or others too seriously can put a lot of things into perspective. Laughter is healing. Laughter creates bonds and forges enduring friendships. A healthy sense of humor can quell almost any overwhelming anxiety, and can quench the fires of fury and fear unlike anything else when appropriate. Even more so when not.Connie Kerbs
Ben Mitchell|My greatest strength is an unfocused mind. This is because while you are all thinking of one idea, I’m thinking of five different ideas. My greatest weakness however is an unfocused mind. This is because while I’m supposed to be thinking about one thing, I’m actually thinking of five other things.
H.G. Wells, The Time Machine|I have a plan, and I’m following it. I can focus on doing what is within my control, and I don’t need to be afraid of the results.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|If there is no love in the world, we will make a new world, and we will give it walls, and we will furnish it with soft, red interiors, from the inside out, and give it a knocker that resonates like a diamond falling to a jeweller's felt so that we should never hear it. Love me, because love doesn't exist, and I have tried everything that does.
Aristophanes, Lysistrata|Magistrate: May I die a thousand deaths ere I obey one who wears a veil!Lysistrata: If that's all that troubles you, here take my veil, wrap it round your head, and hold your tounge. Then take this basket; put on a girdle, card wool, munch beans. The War shall be women's business.
Thomas Keneally, Searching for Schindler: A Memoir|I think that of all the principles for journalism, the most important is to complicate simple things and simplify complicated things. At first sight, you may think something is simple, but it may conceal a great deal. However, facing a very complex thing, you should find out its essence. -Jin Yongquan
Harsh vyas|Nothing lasts forever, even the hardships of life they too fade away with time, but what makes them hard is to have patience and not to loose hope
Rory Freedman, Skinny Bitch|He was realist enough to know he might never find the life partner he longed for, and dreamer enough not to quit looking
Winston S. Churchill, My Early Life, 1874-1904|Leaders unify nations by creating an external enemy, and nations make that dream comes true.
Alicia Thompson, Psych Major Syndrome|Yeah, I was just curious. I concentrated on my footsteps.Yeah, well, next time you think about stepping into rock concerts you might want to bring a bodyguard.I stopped and turned around. I brought my hands to my hips, a bit offended. What is that supposed to mean?He dropped the end of the bat into the sand. It means your small.
Ali Hassan|See, I can talk to the pretty man like a real grown up if I try hard enough.
Bashō Matsuo|When composing a verse let there not be a hair's breath separating your mind from what you write; composition of a poem must be done in an instant, like a woodcutter felling a huge tree or a swordsman leaping at a dangerous enemy.
William Shakespeare, Shakespeare's Sonnets|Then, were not summer's distillation leftA liquid prisoner pent in walls of glass,Beauty's effect with beauty were bereft,Nor it nor no remembrance what it was.But flowers distilled, though they with winter meet,Leese but their show; their substance still lives sweet.
Jennifer Wilde, The Slipper|Balsa seemed invincible, endowed with powers no other warrior could match, but in her profile he could glimpse the shadow of a young girl, hurt and buffeted by a cruel and hopeless fate. If he had never experienced what it was like to be at the mercy of fate himself, he would not have noticed, but now he could see it with unbearable, heartrending clarity.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|She was a very pretty woman. She had dark red hair and her eyes -- her eyes are just like mine, Harry thought, edging a little closer to the glass. Bright green -- exactly the same shape, but then he noticed that she was crying; smiling, but crying at the same time. The tall, thin, black-haired man standing next to her put his arm around her. He wore glasses, and his hair was very untidy. It stuck up at the back, just like Harry's did.Harry was so close to the mirror now that his nose was nearly touching that of his reflection."Mum?" he whispered. "Dad?"They just looked at him, smiling. And slowly, Harry looked into the faces of the other people in the mirror and saw other pairs of green eyes like his, other noses like his, even a little old man who looked as though he had Harry's knobbly knees -- Harry was looking at his family, for the first time in his life.The Potters smiled and waved at Harry and he stared hungrily back at them, his hands pressed flat against the glass as though he was hoping to fall right through it and reach them. He had a powerful kind of ache inside of him, half joy, half terrible sadness.
Akiroq Brost|Your drive and energy towards a goal is in direct accordance with your enthusiasm and desire for the outcome. If you feel your energy waning, if you start making excuses to not complete your tasks, it may be time to reevaluate your goals. It really helps to review your goals daily. It also really helps to spend time envisioning the outcome. A vision board can be a very useful tool to remind you what you are working so hard towards. Don't be hard on yourself if you happen to change your mind about what you want. Remember, every day we are changing and evolving. Who we were yesterday may have wanted something different than the person we are today. This is not unusual. Go with the flow. Don't be afraid to follow your dreams.
Rachel Carson, The Sea Around Us|What begins at the water shall end there, and what ends there shall once more begin.
Jay-Z, Decoded|No object, no event, no outcome or life circumstance can deliver real happiness to us. We have to make our own happiness—by working hard at activities that provide their own reward.15
Charles Finch|Of course, that’s one of the dreams of modernist literature, whether realist or fantastic: that the more stories we tell each other about such tragedies, the fewer of them there will be. We’re still waiting for the results.
nibin|It's more real to me here than if I went up," he suddenly heard himself say; and the fear lest that last shadow of reality should lose its edge kept him rooted to his seat as the minutes succeeded each other.
John Damascene|Water is so friendly when you have it on your palms, but so evil when they have you on theirs.
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest|In Him we have . . . the forgiveness of sins . . . —Ephesians 1:7Beware of the pleasant view of the fatherhood of God: God is so kind and loving that of course He will forgive us. That thought, based solely on emotion, cannot be found anywhere in the New Testament. The only basis on which God can forgive us is the tremendous tragedy of the Cross of Christ. To base our forgiveness on any other ground is unconscious blasphemy. The only ground on which God can forgive our sin and reinstate us to His favor is through the Cross of Christ. There is no other way! Forgiveness, which is so easy for us to accept, cost the agony at Calvary. We should never take the forgiveness of sin, the gift of the Holy Spirit, and our sanctification in simple faith, and then forget the enormous cost to God that made all of this ours.Forgiveness is the divine miracle of grace. The cost to God was the Cross of Christ. To forgive sin, while remaining a holy God, this price had to be paid. Never accept a view of the fatherhood of God if it blots out the atonement. The revealed truth of God is that without the atonement He cannot forgive— He would contradict His nature if He did. The only way we can be forgiven is by being brought back to God through the atonement of the Cross. God’s forgiveness is possible only in the supernatural realm.Compared with the miracle of the forgiveness of sin, the experience of sanctification is small. Sanctification is simply the wonderful expression or evidence of the forgiveness of sins in a human life. But the thing that awakens the deepest fountain of gratitude in a human being is that God has forgiven his sin. Paul never got away from this. Once you realize all that it cost God to forgive you, you will be held as in a vise, constrained by the love of God.
R. Lee Ermey|In this outward and physical ceremony we attest once again to the inner and spiritual strength of our Nation. As my high school teacher, Miss Julia Coleman, used to say: 'We must adjust to changing times and still hold to unchanging principles.'
Becca Fitzpatrick, Hush, Hush|In the distant future, I don’t want to be remembered; I want to remember!
Julio Cortázar, Around the Day in Eighty Worlds|An admirable line of Pablo Neruda’s, “My creatures are born of a long denial,” seems to me the best definition of writing as a kind of exorcism, casting off invading creatures by projecting them into universal existence, keeping them on the other side of the bridge… It may be exaggerating to say that all completely successful short stories, especially fantastic stories, are products of neurosis, nightmares or hallucination neutralized through objectification and translated to a medium outside the neurotic terrain. This polarization can be found in any memorable short story, as if the author, wanting to rid himself of his creature as soon and as absolutely as possible, exorcises it the only way he can: by writing it.
Diane von Furstenberg|I find the whole time travel question very unsettling if you take it to its logical extension. I think it might eventually be possible, but then what happens?
Bertrand Russell|I think the essence of wisdom is emancipation, as far as possible, from the tyranny of the here and now.
Akshay Vasu|Every person I ever knew or had come across always spoke about fallingin love with the rain. They dreamt of dancing in it like there is no tomorrow but I never heard someone speaking about falling in love with a wildfire. No, it is not for the weaker ones. The moment you fall in love with the wildfire, it starts burning everything that you have ever built or grown all these years around you. It changes the way you had always imagined and looked at how the love would be, making you end up homeless. It makes you a weakness intertwined with strength, a love intertwined with hatred. It makes you a puzzle that you yourself could never solve.
Matt Groening|Education technology and school construction go together. Modernization, updating education facilities, and making a capital investment in education are all included.
Idries Shah, The Sufis|When you are still fragmentated, lacking certainty — what difference does it make what your decisions are?
Florence Welch|I actually do think you're seeing this trend towards organizations just caring more about their brand and engaging. And so I think Home Depot will want to humanize itself. I think that's a lot of why companies are starting blogs, are just giving more insight into what's going on with them.
Lailah Gifty Akita|You have travel too far to quit, may the grace of faith, keep you going in the forward motion to reach the ultimate goal.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|One day, the child will understand what he feared most and he will laugh at his ignorance!
Stephen King, The Stand|Help us to be true, Lord. Help us to stand.
Michael Parenti, Against Empire|When the last tree has been cut down, the last fish caught, the last river poisoned, only then will we realize that one cannot eat money.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|When it comes to seeing opportunities in the midst of unhopeful situations, the positive brain, (not the pair of eyes) is the sense organ for the sight.
Black Elk|It is often tragic to see how blatantly a man bungles his own life and the lives of others yet remains totally incapable of seeing how much the whole tragedy originates in himself, and how he continually feeds it and keeps it going. Not consciously, of course—for consciously he is engaged in bewailing and cursing a faithless world that recedes further and further into the distance. Rather, it is an unconscious factor which spins the illusions that veil his world. And what is being spun is a cocoon, which in the end will completely envelop him.
M.B. Dallocchio|One reads the truer deeper facts of Reconstruction with a great despair. It is at once so simple and human, and yet so futile. There is no villain, no idiot, no saint. There are just men; men who crave ease and power, men who know want and hunger, men who have crawled. They all dream and strive with ecstasy of fear and strain of effort, balked of hope and hate. Yet the rich world is wide enough for all, wants all, needs all. So slight a gesture, a word, might set the strife in order, not with full content, but with growing dawn of fulfillment. Instead roars the crash of hell...
Paul Connett, The Case Against Fluoride: How Hazardous Waste Ended Up in Our Drinking Water and the Bad Science and Powerful Politics That Keep It There|There's no dignity, no decency, or health today for men that haven't got a job. All other things depend on work today.
Avery Flynn, His Undercover Princess|Elizabeth studied the earl as he approached the waiting coach. "Was his behavior rather... odd?"	"He English. Ye're asking me if he's odd?
Anne Spollen, The Shape of Water|I looked around at the rooms that I did not see as rooms but more as a landscape for my emotions, a biography of memory.
Ella Dominguez, The Art of Domination|Oh, trust me, sugar, having your tight, naked ass cradled against my dick was damn alluring.” He steps closer to me and tips my chin up with his fingers. “But I wouldn’t take advantage of you when you don’t have your wits about you. When I take you, you’ll know exactly what we’re doing, what you’re feeling, and I won’t stop until your legs are shaking and the neighbors know my name.”Holy fucking hell.
Theresa Lewis|There is only one power greater than fear, and that is faith. Use your faith to move the mountains that are standing in your way today!
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|Respect yourself enough to walk away from anything that no longer serves you, grows you, or makes you happy.
Charles Grodin|If you think spreading money around by force seems like an odd definition of fairness, you're not alone.
Jerusalem Jackson Greer, A Homemade Year: The Blessings of Cooking, Crafting, and Coming Together|The Mommy Mystique tells us that we are the luckiest women in the world -- the freest, with the most choices, the broadest horizons, the best luck, and the most wealth. It says we have the knowledge and know-how to make "informed decisions" that will guarantee the successful course of our children's lives. It tells us that if we choose badly our children will fall prey to countless dangers -- from insecure attachment to drugs to kidnapping to a third-rate college. And if this happens, if our children stray from the path toward happiness and success, we will have no one but ourselves to blame. Because to point fingers out at society, to look beyond ourselves, is to shirk "personal responsibility." To admit that we cannot do everything ourselves, that indeed we need help -- and help on a large, systematic scale -- is tantamount to admitting personal failure.
Karen Joy Fowler, We Are All Completely Beside Ourselves|I am the daughter of a psychologist. I know that the thing ostensibly being studied is rarely the thing being studied. (We Are All Completely Beside Ourselves, p. 99)
Kim Jong-un|We live in a time of conflict - external and internal - when we sometimes concentrate too much on what divides us. Today, fly the Stars and Stripes with pride and confidence that what unites is far stronger.
Debasish Mridha|Beauty is the reflection of a loving heart, not the quality of an object or subject.
Danielle L. Jensen, Stolen Songbird|The most benevolent souls are the one's who have had to drink some of life's worst poisons, yet protected others in their lives from ever having to taste them.
Rain|I went through a stage of writing my cramped hand in tiny books. My two sisters and I did have our Bronte period. My mum is from Yorkshire, and we would go up to the Moors. It tapped into our romantic visions of ourselves.
George Bernard Shaw, Misalliance|The reason why the continental European is, to the Englishman or American, so surprisingly ignorant of the Bible, is that the authorized English version is a great work of literary art, and the continental versions are comparatively artless.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Meditating on the Word|The person who waits upon moods in impoverished. If the painter only wanted to paint when in the mood for it, he would not get very far. In religion, as in art and science, along with the times of high excitement, there are times of sober work and practice. We must practice our communion with God, otherwise we will not find the right tone, the right word, the right language, when God surprises us with his presence.
Grant McLachlan|If becoming "religious" has made you more judgmental, rude, harsh, a backbiter, you need to check if you are worshiping God or your ego.
Zechariah Barrett|Words flow from love, and speech is likewise confounded by love. It is the sweetest gesture to be without words, and with words, all the same. So too is it with the lighthearted sigh – an outward expression of an abundance of the heart.
Stephen King, Cujo|He still loved her—and every moment that he didn’t have her hurt him deeply. That was why he’d spent the past nine days with a shadow of her soul, why he’d sought to reset the entire universe to have her back.
Marieta Maglas- Eschatological Regression|This is not to say that joy is a compensation for loss, but that each of them, joy and loss, exists in its own right and must be recognized for what it is. Sorrow is very real, and loss feels very final to us. Life on earth is difficult and grave, and marvelous. Our experience is fragmentary. Its parts don't add up. They don't even belong in the same calculation. Sometimes it is hard to believe they are all parts of one thing. Nothing makes sense until we understand that experience does not accumulate like money, or memory, or like years and frailties. Instead, it is is presented to us by a God who is not under any obligation to the past except in His eternal, freely given constancy.
Tyler Perry, Don't Make a Black Woman Take Off Her Earrings: Madea's Uninhibited Commentaries on Love and Life|What I've found about it is that there are some folks you can talk to until you're blue in the face--they're never going to get it and they're never going to change. But every once in a while, you'll run into someone who is eager to listen, eager to learn, and willing to try new things. Those are the people we need to reach. We have a responsibility as parents, older people, teachers, people in the neighborhood to recognize that.
Catie Curtis|Art does not reproduce what we see; rather, it makes us see.
N.T. Wright, After You Believe: Why Christian Character Matters|I do not consecrate myself to be a missionary or a preacher. I consecrate myself to God to do His will where I am, be it in school, office, or kitchen, or wherever He may, in His wisdom, send me.
Cassie Mae, True Love and Magic Tricks|A bout of nerves crept up my spine and I tilted my head at him, hoping I was imagining the heat spreading over my cheeks to spare myself the embarrassment of blushing merely because he was piercing me with those chocolate eyes that I had never noticed were so amazing. “What are you staring at?”“Can I take you to prom?” He asked me. Just like that, no hesitation or insecurity to be found in his tone or facial expression. His confidence caught me completely off guard and I gaped at him in a stunned silence for almost twenty full seconds. His expression never faltered, though. He just watched my mouth work to make some sort of intelligible sound, waiting for my answer as he oozes at least the illusion of complete calm.“Huh?” I blurted in an embarrassingly high-pitched squeak. I sounded like a chipmunk and his smirk made me turn a deep shade of red. “Um… Uh… Prom?” I managed, eloquent as ever.He laughed at me fondly, nodding his head. “Yeah, prom.”Shock was not a deep enough word to describe what I was feeling over this proposal. This was Jim, the kid who swore up and down he would rather gouge out his eyes with a grapefruit spoon than put on dress clothes and he was offering to take me to a place where flannel shirts and ratty jeans were unacceptable and dance me around a room in uncomfortable shoes all night long? This couldn’t be real life.But it was real life. I was sitting in the car with him with my mouth hanging open like a fish waiting for him to laugh and tell me he was kidding, that there was no way he was going to put on a tie for my benefit, and he was sitting right there, a slightly nervous look crossing his features over my dumbstruck expression. Breathe, Lizzie, I scolded myself. Answer him! Say yes!You could have knocked me over with a feather and I was very relieved to be sitting down in a car so I could prevent anything humiliating from happening. Having already proved I could not trust my voice to answer him I jerkily nodded my head as my mouth grew into a Cheshire cat sized smile. I turned my face away and hid behind my hair as if I could hide my excitement from the world. Jim was visibly euphoric and that only made me want to squeal even more. He was excited to take me out. How cool was that?
Neal Shusterman, Everwild|Then, in spite of everything, he began to smile. So much of his existence in Everlost had been full of despair. Despair, and a fear of losing what he had. But Allie was not lost, she was just there across the river, waiting for him to find her. Nick was not lost either--not entirely.It was then that Mikey McGill realized something. It must have been his sister who first called this place Everlost, because by naming it so, it stripped away all hope except for a faith in her, and the "safety" she could provide. Well, Mary was wrong on all counts, because nothing in Everlost was lost forever, if one had the courage to search for it.Mikey held tightly on to this shining truth as he and the golem sunk into the earth. Then with all the force of his heart, his mind, and his soul, Mikey McGill began to dig.
NeNe Leakes|We didn't have much money. My whole extended family used to help us, and buy us books and food. It was hard, and there were things I didn't want to talk about. But at the end I was a happy girl.
Gary Inbinder, The Flower to the Painter|The philosophers write about things as they are and as they appear to be, but as an artist I find that appearance is everything.
Abdul'Rauf Hashmi|They lives rough, and risk swinging, but they eat and drink like fighting-cocks. What means this? Politicians!
Peter Marshall|So often we think that Allah only tests us with hardships, but this isn’t true. Allah also tests with ease. He tests us with na`im (blessings) and with the things we love, and it is often in these tests that so many of us fail. We fail because when Allah gives us these blessings, we unwittingly turn them into false idols of the heart.
-Frank Devereaux (Supernatural)|My smile is my servant, he should come at my command.
Mark Pocan|Until women learn to want economic independence, and until they work out a way to get this independence without denying themselves the joys of love and motherhood, it seems to me feminism has no roots.
Bianca Jagger|I think there is a generation gap. I personally look forward to, as our generation becomes the leaders, you are gonna see a change, and I think hopefully gay marriage will be a part of that country.
Anthony T. Hincks|What are the four 'D' steps that ensure success?1) DREAM2) DESIRE3) DETERMINATION4) DESTINATIONFollow these four 'D' steps, never giving up or doubting yourself along the way, and you will become the person you were meant to be. And that's YOU!
Heather Heffner, Year of the Wolf|When she comes down to supper I don't like her any better; in fact, a hell of a lot less. She's put on a shiny dress, all fishscales, like this was still India or the boat. On her head she's put a sort of beaded cap that fits close-like a hood. A mottled green-and-black thing that gleams dully in the candlelight. Not a hair shows below it, you can't tell whether she's a woman or what the devil she is. Right in front, above her forehead, there's a sort of question-mark worked into it, in darker beads. You can't be sure what it is, but it's shaped like a question mark. ("Kiss of the Cobra")
Sandy Hubacka Treft|Always keep dreaming. Follow those visions, listen to those whispers and pursue those dreams that keep trying to nudge you in the right direction. It is not impossible to achieve them.
W. E. B. Du Bois|When it comes to tyrants, dictators and terrorists, strength and the threat of force is the only language they understand.
Tan Twan Eng|I have lived, I have traveled the world, and now, like a worn-out clock, my life is winding down, the hands slowing, stepping out of the flow of time. If one steps out of time what does one have? Why, the past of course, gradually being worn away by the years as a pebble halted on a riverbed is eroded by the passage of water.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Midnight Palace|Delving into the past had unveiled a cruel lesson - that in the book of life it is perhaps best not to turn back pages; it was a path on which, whatever direction we took, we'd never be able to choose our own destiny.
Kamand Kojouri|If I had to choose between all the books in the world and you, then I would choose to read your body for the rest of my life.
H. Samy Alim|Many suburban legislators representing affluent school districts use terms such as "sinkhole" when opposing funding for Chicago's children. "We can't keep throwing money," said Governor Thompson in 1988, "into a black hole." The Chicago Tribune notes that, when this phrase is used, people hasten to explain that it is not intended as a slur against the race of many of Chicago's children. "But race," says the Tribune, "never is far from the surface...
Lundy Bancroft, Why Does He Do That?: Inside the Minds of Angry and Controlling Men|The central attitudes driving the Victim are:Everybody has done me wrong, especially the women I’ve been involved with. Poor me.When you accuse me of being abusive, you are joining the parade of people who have been cruel and unfair to me. It proves you’re just like the rest.It’s justifiable for me to do to you whatever I feel you are doing to me, and even to make it quite a bit worse to make sure you get the message.Women who complain of mistreatment by men, such as relationship abuse or sexual harassment, are anti-male and out for blood.I’ve had it so hard that I’m not responsible for my actions.
David Brier|Social media isn’t a brand strategy. Social media is a channel. While it’s important for a brand to develop something to say, it’s more important to create something that will be heard.
Lana Del Rey|I walked when I should have runI ran when I should have walkedAnd don't I know it, don't I know it
Robin Sacredfire|I have found that this is pretty radical notion for anyone who was raised with a strong Christian background. Within that religious tradition there is an emphasis on original sin, which dictates that we area bacically not good at all but must work for our salvation. Within the Buddhist tradition we are saying the opposite: actually you are basically good. You are basically wise. You are basically kind. You just need to discover that truth and develop confidence in it.
Lauren DeStefano, Sever|It's a myth that crazy people don't know they're crazy. Many of us are surely as capable of epiphany and introspection as anyone else, maybe more so. I suspect we spend far more time thinking about our thoughts than do sane people.
Lisa Kleypas, Mine Till Midnight|His eyes were above hers, and she saw that the golden-hazel irises were rimmed with black. “Miss Hathaway … you’re quite certain fate had no hand in our meeting tonight?” She couldn’t seem to breathe properly. “Qu-quite certain.” His head bent low. “And in all likelihood we’ll never meet again?” “Never.” He was too large, too close. Nervously Amelia tried to marshal her thoughts, but they scattered like spilled matchsticks … and then he set fire to them as his breath touched her cheek. “I hope you’re right. God help me if I should ever have to face the consequences.” “Of what?” Her voice was faint. “This.” His hand slid to the back of her neck and his mouth covered hers.
|When it comes to perfection, the most that we could possibly do is to continuously push closer and closer to it. It is truly something to aim at, just to see how close you could get to it.
Terri Apter, Altered Loves|One of the main tasks of adolescence is to achieve an identity—not necessarily a knowledge of who we are, but a clarification of the range of what we might become, a set of self-references by which we can make sense of our responses, and justify our decisions and goals.
Caroline George, The Vestige|The world doesn’t change because the sun sets and rises. We can either adapt to survive our circumstance or we can change it. And I know we can’t control fate, but I’m sure not going to spend whatever time I have left sitting around and waiting for my life to get better.
Samir Okasha, Philosophy of Science: A Very Short Introduction|Science does nothing for man spiritually, and organized religion demands blind faith in illogical liturgy that was never meant to be taken literally!
Rick Riordan, The Sea of Monsters|The real story of the Fleece: there were these two children of Zeus, Cadmus and Europa, okay? They were about to get offered up as human sacrifices, when they prayed to Zeus to save them. So Zeus sent this magical flying ram with golden wool, which picked them up in Greece and carried them all the way to Colchis in Asia Minor. Well, actually it carried Cadmus. Europa fell off and died along the way, but that's not important.""It was probably important to her.
Anna Todd, After We Collided|Is love always like this? Is it always so passionate, yet so damn painful?
Syed Sharukh|Cause nobody's the slightest idea who we are, or who we were, not even we ourselves - except, that is, in the glimmer of a moment of fair business between strangers, or the nod of knowing and agreement between friends. Other than these, we go out anonymous into the insect air and all we are is the dust of colour, brief engineering of wings towards a glint of light on a blade of grass or a leaf in a summer dark.Azide Smith, How to be Both
Aung San Suu Kyi|Besides great climates and lovely beaches, California and Greece share a fondness for dysfunctional politics and feckless budgeting.
Margaret Atwood, Morning in the Burned House|Like preachers, I sell vision,like perfume ads, desireor its facsimile. Like jokesor war, it’s all in the timing.I sell men back their worse suspicions:that everything’s for sale,
G.I. Gurdjieff|If you are working inwardly, Nature will help you. For the man who is working, Nature is sister of charity; she brings him what he needs for his work. If you need money for your work, even if you do nothing to get it, the money will come to you from all sides.
Debasish Mridha|I am not a philosopher but a friend, who, with great love and care, wants to share his thoughts.
Robin Bielman, Take a Risk Bundle|I like my money, and if you mess with it, I fuck with you."I raised my eyebrow. "You want to fuck with Alec?""What? No, that's not what I meant.""But you said you-""I know what I said you smartass,
St. Francis de Sales|I was born in atheist country and raised in a Muslim family.All I can say that "Life with out God and Jesus, is a dark worthless lost life. Life with God and Jesus is a bright-light and joyful life!when I lived in Albania under the communist regime I was lost.when i come to USA found god and and my self!With God all thinks are possible!Amen!
Charles Murray, Real Education: Four Simple Truths for Bringing America's Schools Back to Reality|The author's differing experience of school geography as a faculty member going from parking lot to parking lot and to locations centered around HER office and her experience of the more scattered life of a student speaks to a larger truth. As adults, we are used to following the same routine and look romantically on anything different.
Elisabeth Elliot|It is through the tender austerity of our troubles that the Son of Man comes knocking. In every event He seeks an entrance to my heart, yes, even in my most helpless, futile, fruitless moments. The very cracks and empty crannies of my life, my perplexities and hurts and botched-up jobs, He wants to fill with Himself, His joy, His life...He urges me to learn of Him: 'I am gentle and humble in heart.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|My imagination, unbidden, possessed and guided me, gifting the successive images that arose in my mind with a vivdness far beyond the usual bounds of reverie....
Samuel Butler|Every year of my life I grow more convinced that it is wisest and best to fix our attention on the beautiful and the good, and dwell as little as possible on the evil and the false.
Joel Kinnaman|You learn to laugh at yourself, and you also lean on comedy as a crutch to kind of take the edge off because comedians often are self-deprecating, and they cross lines that they shouldn't. Stuff like that brings a smile to my face every once in a while when needed.
Isabel Aanya Leigh|Does it break my heart, of course, every moment of every day, into more pieces than my heart was made of...
D.H. Lawrence|Life is ours to be spent, not tobe saved.
K.P. Yohannan, Learning to Pray|We could read every book even written on prayer, but that won't make us people of prayer. We learn to pray by doing it.
John McLay, On Mountaintop Rock|What are you Tarzan?" he asked aloud. "An ape or a man? If you are an ape, you will do as the apes do - leave one of your kind in the jungle to die if it suited your whim to go elsewhere.If you are a man, you will return to protect your kind. You will not run away from one of your own people, because one has run away from you.
Dillon Burroughs, Thirst No More: A One-Year Devotional Journey|They left their encampment with dirt-covered linen strewn about the abandoned grounds amongst clothes, shoes, children’s toys and other discarded belongings. The handcart wheels crunched over them, and the dry wheels screamed as the Willie Company started for Zion.
Charles Frazier, Cold Mountain|They call this war a cloud over the land. But they made the weather and then they stand in the rain and say 'Shit, it's raining!
John  Williams, Stoner|So we must run back and forth between these two suns in our firmament—the presentiment of death and awareness of life—and avoid being transfixed by either of them. If we are lucky in this uncertain middle distance, we may form attachments and projects that enhance the sentiment of life. However, even as we try our luck, death comes to us, and brings our experiment to a end.
Ben Witherington III, Making a Meal of It: Rethinking the Theology of the Lord's Supper|We have seen some gatekeeping or fencing-the-table language already beginning to rear its head in this context. One needed to be baptized to take the meal; one needed to repent to take the meal; one needed a bishop or his subordinate to serve the meal. This was to become especially problematic when the church began to suggest that grace was primarily, if not exclusively, available through the hands of the priest and by means of the sacrament. One wonders what Jesus, dining with sinners and tax collectors and then eating his modified Passover meal with disciples whom he knew were going to deny, desert, and betray him, would say about all this. There needs to be a balance between proper teaching so the sacrament is partaken of in a worthy manner and overly zealous policing of the table or clerical control of it.
Clive Barker, Days of Magic, Nights of War|Here is a list of terrible things,The jaws of sharks, a vultures wingsThe rabid bite of the dogs of war,The voice of one who went before,But most of all the mirror's gaze,Which counts us out our numbered days.
Scott Stabile|We all have choices. What are you choosing to believe about yourself, and about your life Believing you don't have a choice is a choice.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If you haven’t figured it out yet, an absolutely certain way to lose something as quickly as possible is to forget the privilege you have to possess it in the first place.
Joseph M. Hanneman, The Journey Home: My Father's Story of Cancer, Faith and Life-Changing Miracles|This is the story of how Dad lived with his lung cancer. But it is much more. Through his illness and the miracles we experienced, I came to see that Dad's was not just a journey. It was a journey home. Home to God. 
Susan Hill, The Magic Apple Tree: A Country Year|Small children will talk to anyone, once the guard of shyness has fallen, and they have, like the elderly, a sense of immediacy, a need to say or do something, now, now, the minute it is thought of, combined with that other sense, of the complete irrelevance of time.
Ewan McGregor|I fight cynicism. It`s too easy. It`s really boring. It`s much harder to be positive and see the wonder of everything. Cynicism is a bunch of people who aren`t as talented as other people, knocking them because they make them feel even more untalented.
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|[Theseus] soon found himself involved in factions and troubles; those who long had hated him had now added to their hatred contempt; and the minds of the people were so generally corrupted, that, instead of obeying commands with silence, they expected to be flattered into their duty.
Kevin Lankes|Because really, what do you have to lose? Your life? That's no big deal, I promise you. When you find out you might die, you're finally allowed to live like you never have before. If you lose your life while living the shit out of it, then you've done the best you could, and you shouldn't worry about death. When you're dead, you can't screw up. But while you're here, all you have are a few things to call your own. You have your integrity, your family, and your hope for the future. These are important and you should keep them somewhere safe where you'll remember them.
Ralph Peters|This is magic we're talking about. It's supposed to go places science can't, defy logic, wink at technology, fill us all with the sensawunda that comes of gazing upon a fictional world and seeing something truly different from our own.
Jose Rizal|Good leaders make people feel that they're at the very heart of things, not at the periphery.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|When it comes to matters of the heart and soul, I'm not a falling kind of girl. I'm more of a slamming, crashing, erupting...
Pulkit Patel|Entrepreneur, you have to be known for something, not anything, but something specific, why? That's your distinction.
Rafiki|Oh yes, the past can hurt. But the way I see it, you can either run from it or learn from it.
Klaus Mann, Mephisto|He looked like an excited sixteen-year-old with his tousled hair and shining eyes. Barbara could not deny she liked him, even though every word he said was repellent to her. With an eloquence that frequently tied itself in knots but was of an unflagging vehemence he explained to her that the faith for which he was fighting was basically revolutionary. 'When the day arrives and our Führer takes over supreme power, then that's the end of capitalism and the economy of the big bosses. The servitude of usury will be abolished. Big banks and stock exchanges that bleed our national economy white can close their doors, and no one will mourn them".Barbara wanted to know why Miklas did not join the Communists if he, like them, was against capitalism. Miklas explained as eagerly as a child reciting a lesson learned by heart. "because the Communists have no patriotism for the fatherland, but are supranational and dependent on Russian Jews. AndCommunists don't know anything about idealism-all Marxists believe that the only purpose in life is money. We want our own revolution-our German, idealistic revolution. Not one that will be directed by Freemasons and the Elders of Zion.
Kimberly Guilfoyle|I always tell people, 'The music's free. I get paid to travel.'
Sarah Grimm, Midnight Heat|I threw bitter tears at the ocean, but all that came back was the tide.
Martin Luther King, Jr.|Love is the answer, and you know that for sure; Love is a flower, you've got to let it grow.
Kei Miller, The Last Warner Woman|After all, don't care how you want to sit there and deny the knowledge of River Mumma sitting on her rock - don't care how you deny the knowledge of fallen angels who can jump into your body as they please, or the knowledge of ancestors who sit beside your bed and watch when they not harkening on to the sounds of drumming - don't care how you deny any of it, all of it is still true. All of them things still exist, because them do not need the permission of your belief.
Mahatma Gandhi, Hind Swaraj or Indian Home Rule|A man, whilst he is dreaming, believes in his dream; he is undeceived only when he is awakened from his slumber.
Mark A. Cooper, Royal Decree|What can I do to get you out of your shirt today, Luke?” Her voice held a husky, wheeler-dealer tone, the kind of voice for which he was likely to do anything. He imagined that voice whispering in his ear, issuing wicked orders, making him hard as steel.
Kennedy Fraser|If inanimate objects are left to stand in their world, and are not invited out to mingle with our sense of self, they will quietly console and delight us. But to bind possessions up closely with the mind is less than fair to both.
Anonymous|I Have Learned Why People Work So Hard To Succeed: It Is Because They Envy The Things Their Neighbors Have. But It Is Useless. It Is Like Chasing The Wind....It Is Better To Have Only A Little, With Peace Of Mind, Than Be Busy All The Time With Both Hands, Trying To Catch The Wind
Will Cuppy|In the clashes between ignorance and intelligence, ignorance is generally the aggressor.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|The concept of a Miracle, that is, an event that takes place somehow beyond the scope of functional Reality, is absurd. . . There cannot be a true miracle. There can only be events that appear miraculous when you don’t really understand How Life Works.
Tristan Wilds|Music is a language, you see, a universal language.
Robert Louis Stevenson|We all know what Parliament is, and we are all ashamed of it. 
Lindsay Clarke, The Chymical Wedding|We don’t sleep to sleep, dammit, any more than we eat to eat . We sleep to dream. We’re amphibians. We live in two elements and we need both." Edward Nesbit
James Dobson|Good writing is supposed to evoke sensation in the reader - not the fact that it is raining, but the feeling of being rained upon.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|In the morning when thou risest unwillingly, let this thought be present - I am rising to the work of a human being. Why then am I dissatisfied if I am going to do the things for which I exist and for which I was brought into the world?
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|The surgeons are playing on the myth's double standard for the function of the body. A man's thigh is for walking, but a woman's is for walking and looking "beautiful." If women can walk but believe our limbs look wrong, we feel that our bodies cannot do what they are meant to do; we feel as genuinely deformed and disabled as the unwilling Victorian hypochondriac felt ill.
Elisa Marie Hopkins, Brilliant Cut|Sometimes you get this look in your eyes, like you've just realized I'm edible.""Well, I like looking at you." He angles his head. "Do you know what else I like? I like your thoughts, your imperfections, your lips, your sarcasm, your explosions of anger, your intelligence, your strength of character. I like it all.
Heather Choate Davis, Elijah & the SAT: Reflections on a hairy old desert prophet and the benchmarking of our children's lives|What better reminder do we have than our kids of our own best selves, our less stressed and more carefree selves? In their silliness we see the echo of the way we used to be: when we were kids, yes, but also before we had kids, or even two weeks ago, before all of the stress of these year-end corporate meetings. Their joy, their infectious enthusiasm, their sense of "mission" as the poor dog is dressed in boxer shorts, cannot help but cajole you, and beckon you, to lighten up.
Oliver Burkeman, The Antidote: Happiness for People Who Can't Stand Positive Thinking|For the Stoics, then, our judgments about the world are all that we can control, but also all that we need to control in order to be happy; tranquility results from replacing our irrational judgments with rational ones
Nadège Richards, Fleeting Fires|You're mine, Echo, and I'll treasure you forever.
Christopher Cross|Unless there is recognition that women are most vulnerable... and you do something about social and cultural equality for women, you're never going to defeat this pandemic.
Chuck Palahniuk, Survivor|Every last minute of my life has been preordained and I'm sick and tired of it.How this feels is I'm just another task in God's daily planner: the Italian Renaissance penciled in for right after the Dark Ages....The Information Age is scheduled immediately after the Industrial Revolution. Then the Postmodern Era, then the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse. Famine. Check. Pestilence. Check. War. Check. Death. Check. And between the big events, the earthquakes and the tidal waves, God's got me squeezed in for a cameo appearance. Then maybe in thirty years, or maybe next year, God's daily planner has me finished.
Bruce Lee|Take, therefore, what modern technology is capable of: the power of our moral sense allied to the power of communications and our ability to organize internationally. That, in my view, gives us the first opportunity as a community to fundamentally change the world.
Jonathan Friesen, Aquifer|I miss home. I miss ignorance. I've seen a beauty I can't fathom in the Aquifer, and met a girl who moves my heart.
Shahriar Mandanipour, Censoring an Iranian Love Story|I was afflicted with a familiar attack of discovering my own loneliness. From time to time I suffer this emotional attack, especially when I am happy, when I have succeeded at something, and on those rare occasions when I am pleased with myself. Immediately, a gentle and soothing sorrow engulfs my entire being.
Anthony T. Hincks|If you read something, what you have written you ain't gonna like it...- It sounds horrible... so write don't read your own stuff.
Michael Bassey Johnson|You won't become what you want to be, else you become what you fear to be.
Deyth Banger|Good friends, very good what's the equation motherfucker???
Jessica Shirvington, Disruption|Dead yet?" Gus answered.I smirked. "Not yet, but the night's still young.""Here's hoping.
Pope Francis|When granted many years of life, growing old in age is natural, but growing old with grace is a choice. Growing older with grace is possible for all who will set their hearts and minds on the Giver of grace, the Lord Jesus Christ.
Taylor Swift|But no matter what love throws at you, you have to believe in it. You have ot believe in love stories and prince charmings and happily ever after. That's why I write these songs. Because I think love is FEARLESS.
Don DeLillo|The painted aircraft took on sunlight and pulse. Sweeps of color, bands and spatters, airy washes, the force of saturated light—the whole thing oddly personal, a sense of one painter’s hand moved by impulse and afterthought as much as by epic design. I hadn’t expected to register such pleasure and sensation. The air was color-scrubbed, coppers and ochers burning off the metal skin of the aircraft to exchange with the framing desert.
Debbie Macomber|Live. Do whatever possible to stay alive. I'll be waiting. Praying, faithful. Just live. - Jo Marie Rose, Silver Linings
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Both friend and enemy reside within us. One lives by the rule of compassion, the other by the rule of hard knocks. Though potential influence of either extreme is inevitable, our actions bear witness to the one we embrace.
Mary Karr, The Liars' Club|I encourage anyone who has gone through hardships to look back through their life’s chapters and see what can be turned into a book. For you never know what heartache God, one day, can turn into a redemptive story.
Jamie O'Neill, At Swim, Two Boys|America is a young dumb country and it needs all kinds of help. America is a dumb puppy with big teeth that bite and hurt. And we take care of America. We hold America to our bosom; we feed America, we make love to America. There wouldn't be an America if it wasn't for black people. So you have some dedicated black Americans who will die a million deaths to save America. And this is home for us. We don't know really about Africa. We talk it in a romantic sense, but America is it. And so, America is always going to be okay as long as black people don't totally lose their mind, cause we'll pick up the pieces and turn it into a new dance.
Abraham Lincoln|I laugh because I must not cry, that is all, that is all. 
F. Scott Fitzgerald, My Lost City: Personal Essays 1920-40|When its 100 degrees in New York, it's 72 in Los Angeles. When its 30 degrees in New York, in Los Angeles it's still 72. However, there are 6 million interesting people in New York, and only 72 in Los Angeles.
Barbra Streisand|The monsters of our childhood do not fade away, neither are they ever wholly monstrous
Euginia Herlihy|Joy brings smiles on our faces, it brings power, peace and sound mind.
Chris Mentillo|No matter what I tried to do or become in life, the macabre followed me everywhere I went: In my house, in my head, in my nightmares, on the roughest streets, in the most desolate corn fields, to even areas where many mortals refuse to go.” Until finally one day it dawned on me, and then it all clicked – why fight it.
Aminatta Forna, Ancestor Stones|I learned about women -- how we are made into the women we've become, how we shape ourselves, how we shape each other.
Jonathan Hensleigh, The Punisher|Certain directors and actors were constantly preoccupied by one problem, and apparently, one only. This was connected with the so-called German greeting, which was the method of hailing a friend by raising the right arm straight out with the hand extended at, or slightly above, the level of the shoulder. This greeting had very definite political implications; it was employed daily by millions; and the directors and actors saw no reason why it should not be one on the films in a simple and life-like fashion. They failed. Even when shown in the rushes the effect on the select and professional audience was simply to produce uncontrollable hilarity. The cinema can do a great deal. It can entrance, t can tell fairy tales, it can be realistic or surrealistic -- but it cannot portray a gesture that is false without underlining the most brutal way its basic falseness. The German cinema could not reproduce the German greeting; it was the greeting that was to blame, not the cinema.
Shirley Karr, What an Earl Wants|Having realized that her affection for Sinclair went far beyond friendship, there was only one thing for her to do. She took off her hat and banged her head against the nearest lamppost.Also realizing she was drawing attention from passerby, she put her hat back on and resumed walking.
Imelda Staunton|We need an attitude of defiance, not an attitude of cowardice. Out in the street, that's how we are winning against the TransCanada Pipeline. This is how we have delayed the Trans-Pacific Partnership and forced it into an election season, gotten everybody to stand against it. Democracy is not about surrender.
Poise|CHERISH a heart like you'd carry an egg, cause when it drops it becomes pieces of shell, never to be MENDED
Robyn Schneider, The Beginning of Everything|I like a quiet life, you know me.
Freeman Thomas|The intellectual property situation is bad and getting worse. To be a programmer, it requires that you understand as much law as you do technology.
David Baldacci, Memory Man|Progress, You can see how well you are doing on achieving your goals, after you start something.
Graham Greene, The End of the Affair|Why do you care?" His eyes looked casually over my shoulder, down the hallway then flicked back to me. "Are you jealous?" his left eyebrow rose sli
Gail Carson Levine, Fairest|I rode all day.I cried all night.The moon didn’t glow.The sun didn’t rise.A comet blazedBetween my eyes.West and South,Wind and rain.Every way isJust the same.Pray give me a boxTo hide inside.Pray give me a spadeTo dig my own grave.
Kim Liggett, Blood and Salt|It's good to be afraid," I said. "It means you still have something to live for.
Pittacus Lore, I Am Number Four|Images flicker, each one bringing its own sorrow or its own smile. Sometimes both. At the very worst, an impenetrable and sightless black and at best, a happiness so bright that it hurts the eyes to see, coming and going on some unseen projector perpetually turned by an invisible hand. One, then another. The hollow click of the shutter. Now stop. Freeze this frame. Pluck it down and hold it close and be damned by what you see. Henri always said: the price of a memory is the memory if the sorrow it brings.
Giannina Braschi|You revolutionists' the other continued, with leisurely self-confidence, 'are the slaves of the social convention, which is afraid of you; slaves of it as much as the very police that stands up in the defence of that convention. Clearly you are, since you want to revolutionize it. It governs your action, too, and thus neither your thought nor your action can ever be conclusive. (...) 'You are not a bit better than the forces arrayed against you -- than the police, for instance. The other day I came suddenly upon Chief Inspector Heat at the corner of Tottenham Court Road. He looked at me very steadily. But I did not look at him. Why should I give him more than a glance ? He was thinking of many things -- of his superiors, of his reputation, of the law courts, of his salary, of newspapers -- of a hundred things. But I was thinking of my perfect detonator only. He meant nothing to me. He was as insignificant as -- I can't call to mind anything insignificant enough to compare him with -- except Karl Yundt perhaps. Like to like. The terrorist and the policeman both come from the same basket. Revolutions, legality -- counter moves in the same game; forms of idleness at bottom identical. He plays his little game -- so do you propagandists.
Nick Hornby, High Fidelity|when she removed my hand from her chest for the one hundred thousandth time. Attack and defense, invasion and repulsion... it was as if breasts were little pieces of property that had been unlawfully annexed by the opposite sex - they were rightfully ours and we wanted them back.
John Williams|He had come to that moment in his age when there occurred to him, with increasing intensity, a question of such overwhelming simplicity that he had no means to face it. He found himself wondering if his life were worth the living; if it had ever been. It was a question, he suspected, that came to all men at one time or another; he wondered if it came to them with such impersonal force as it came to him. The question brought with it a sadness, but it was a general sadness which (he thought) had little to do with himself or with his particular fate; he was not even sure that the question sprang from the most immediate and obvious causes, from what his own life had become. It came, he believed, from the accretion of his years, from the density of accident and circumstance, and from what he had come to understand of them. He took a grim and ironic pleasure from the possibility that what little learning he had managed to acquire had led him to this knowledge: that in the long run all things, even the learning that let him know this, were futile and empty, and at last diminished into a nothingness they did not alter.-- John Williams, 'Stoner
Marcel Proust, Time Regained|Every reader finds himself. The writer's work is merely a kind of optical instrument that makes it possible for the reader to discern what, without this book, he would perhaps never have seen in himself.
Jean-Yves Leloup, Compassion and Meditation: The Spiritual Dynamic between Buddhism and Christianity|Much blood has been spilled over words, and a great deal of it over the word ‘God.’ (125)
Barry Cornwall|The emmet's inch and eagle's mileMake lame philosophy to smile.He who doubts from what he seesWill ne'er believe, do what you please.- "Auguries of Innocence
Lady Gaga|Trust is like a mirror, you can fix it if it's broken, but you can still see the crack in that mother fucker's reflection.
Alan Kulwicki|The best fiction is geared towards conflict. We learn most about our characters through tension, when they are put up against insurmountable obstacles. This is true in real life.
Emanuel Andrei Cosutchi|Above all, don’t lie to yourself." – Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov"I don’t want to die without any scars." – Chuck Palahniuk, Fight Club"Not all those who wander are lost." – J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring"It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities." – J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets"It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not." – André Gide, Autumn Leaves"If you’re making mistakes it means you’re out there doing something." – Neil Gaiman, Make Good Art"Even a stopped clock is right twice a day." – Paulo Coelho, Brida"If we wait until we’re ready, we’ll be waiting for the rest of our lives."– Lemony Snicket, The Ersatz Elevator"The worst enemy to creativity is self-doubt." – Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath"I dream. Sometimes I think that’s the only right thing to do." – Haruki Murakami, Sputnik Sweetheart"If you don’t imagine, nothing ever happens at all." – John Green, Paper Towns"Everything is possible. The impossible just takes longer." – Dan Brown, Digital Fortress"Fear is an illusion..." - Dark Templar, Starcraft 2
Nathan Myhrvold|Everybody jokes about that old story about the world only needing five computers, but when you think about it, that's where we're heading.
Christina Engela, Bugspray|The famous split windowSplits had the KDF dash until 1953, which had two glove compartments. Note rear “w” bonnet and small round taillights. There were no indicators like today’s cars – just pop-up indicators that work with an electric servo, called ‘trafficators’ or ‘semaphores’. 6v electrics. Small, flat front windscreen.
Ramana Pemmaraju|I believe that, for those who love to write, time spent writing is never wasted. And then isn't it from book to book that we approach the book that we really want to write?
Heinrich Heine|I am reconciled to my death, but I detest the mode.
Ngũgĩ wa Thiong’o, Wizard of the Crow|Why did Africa let Europe cart away millions of Africa's souls from the continent to the four corners of the wind? How could Europe lord it over a continent ten times its size? Why does needy Africa continue to let its wealth meet the needs of those outside its borders and then follow behind with hands outstretched for a loan of the very wealth it let go? How did we arrive at this, that the best leader is the one that knows how to beg for a share of what he has already given away at the price of a broken tool? Where is the future of Africa?
Sandi Metz, Practical Object-Oriented Design in Ruby: An Agile Primer|Persist. Practice. Experiment. Imagine. Do your best work, and all else will follow.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 7: 1966-1974|Through books I discovered everything to be loved, explored, visited, communed with. I was enriched and given all the blueprints to a marvelous life, I was consoled in adversity, I was prepared for both joys and sorrows, I acquired one of the most precious sources of strength of all: an understanding of human beings, insight into their motivations.
Mitch Albom, The Magic Strings of Frankie Presto|I [Music] was born in the open air, in the breaks of waves and the whistling of sandstorms, the hoots of owls and the cackles of tui birds. I travel in echoes. I ride the breeze. I was forged in nature, rugged and raw. Only man shapes my edges to make me beautiful. [Chapter 2]
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|You're not gay, are you?"Simon's greenish color deepened. "If I were, I would dress better.
Koh Choon Hwee, Best New Singaporean Short Stories: Volume One|Dear family,I am drafting a new laundry protocol for better and more considerate usage of the washing machine
Ludwig Wittgenstein, Culture and Value|The arrogant elimination of the Djaouts of our world must nerve us to pursue our own combative doctrine, namely: that peaceful cohabitation on this planet demands that while the upholders of any creed are free to adopt their own existential absolutes, the right of others to do the same is thereby rendered implicit and sacrosanct. Thus the creed of inquiry, of knowledge and exchange of ideas, must be upheld as an absolute, as ancient and eternal as any other.
Okey Ndibe, Arrows of Rain|What I know are simple truths. I know that the fabric of memory is reinforced by stories, rent by silences. I know that power dreads memory. I know that memory outlasts power's viciousness. I know . . . that a voiceless man is as good as dead.
David Sedaris, Me Talk Pretty One Day|Hugh consoled me, saying, "Don't let it get to you. There are plenty of things you're good at."When asked for some examples, he listed vacuuming and naming stuffed animals. He says he can probably come up with a few more, but he'll need some time to think.
William Makepeace Thackeray|A tramp, a gentleman, a poet, a dreamer, a lonely fellow, always hopeful of romance and adventure.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|He was a bad, bad bastard. He abused the privilege of being a cunt, as my old Da would say.’ I smiled, picturing the cozy fireside scene of young son on father’s knee being inducted into the world of abusive epithets.
Krishnamurti|Meditation is to find out whether the brain, with all its activities, all its experiences, can be absolutely quiet. Not forced, because the moment you force, there again is duality, the entity that says, 'I would like to have marvellous experiences, therefore I must force my brain to be quiet' - you will never do it. But if you begin to inquire, watch, observe, listen to all the movements of thought, its conditioning, its pursuits, its fears, its pleasures, watch how the brain operates, then you will see that the brain becomes extraordinarily quiet; that quietness is not sleep but is tremendously active and therefore quiet.
Donald S. Lopez Jr., The Story of Buddhism: A Concise Guide to Its History  Teachings|To seek the self, one must first have a clear idea of what one is looking for. Thus, some meditation manuals advise actively cultivating the sense of self, despite the fact that this sense is the target of the analysis. Our sense of identity is often vaguely felt. Sometimes, for example, we identify with the body, saying, "I am sick." At other times, one is the owner of the body, "My stomach hurts." It is said that by imagining a moment of great pride or imagining a false accusation, a strong and palpable sense of the "I" appears in the center [of] the chest: "I did it," or, "I did not do that." This sense of self is to be carefully cultivated, until one is convinced of its reality. One then sets out to find this self, reasoning that, if it exists, it must be located somewhere in the mind or the body.
Owen D. Young|Motion pictures are the art form of the 20th century, and one of the reasons is the fact that films are a slightly corrupted artform. They fit this century - they combine Art and business!
Lois McMaster Bujold, The Curse of Chalion|You were kind.”Cazaril shrugged. “Why not? What could it cost me, after all?”Bergon shook his head. “Any man can be kind when he is comfortable. I’d always thought kindness a trivial virtue, therefore. But when we were hungry, thirsty, sick, frightened, with our deaths shouting at us, in the heart of horror, you were still as unfailingly courteous as a gentleman at his ease before his own hear
Carl Lotus Becker, The Heavenly City of the Eighteenth Century Philosophers|Since history is not an objective reality, but only an imaginative reconstruction of vanished events, the pattern that appears useful and agreeable to one generation is never entirely so to the next.
William Styron, Darkness Visible: A Memoir of Madness|my brain had begun to endure its familiar siege: panic and dislocation, and a sense that my thought processes were being engulfed by a toxic and unnameable tide that obliterated any enjoyable response to the living world.
Ray Kurzweil|Dispassion doesn't mean to no longer feel the passions, but to no longer accept them.
Louis L'Amour|Get mad, then get over it.
Barry López, About This Life|I could not give up either of these worlds, neither the book I am holding nor the gleaming forest, though I have told you almost nothing of what is said here on these grim pages, from the sentences of which I’ve conjured images of a bleak site years ago. Here in this room, I suppose, is to be found the interior world of the book; but it opens upon a world beyond the windows, where no event has been collapsed into syntax, where the vocabulary, it seems, is infinite. The indispensable connection for me lies with the open space (of the open window ajar year round, never closed) that lets the breath of every winter storm, the ripping wind and its pelting rain, enter the room.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Earthquake means destruction; dictator means destruction! In the case of earthquake, you need a strong building; in the case of dictator, you need an educated rational mind, because an irrational ignorant mind always serves the dictator!
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|Well, everything's a lesson, isn't it? Learning all the time, as you could say.
JohnA Passaro, In the Zone and Other Sports Essays|When the zone calls, you must listen. You never know how long being in the zone lasts.It is a cardinal rule - you must take advantage of every second that you are in the zone.
Preeth Nambiar, The Solitary Shores|Life, the universe and everything is a time illusion.Khalid Masood
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|So, I love you because the entire universe conspired to help me find you.
William Saroyan|A poet, any real poet, is simply an alchemist who transmutes his cynicism regarding human beings into an optimism regarding the moon, the stars, the heavens, and the flowers, to say nothing of the spring, love, and dogs.
Maggie O'Farrell, The Vanishing Act of Esme Lennox|We are all, Esme decides, just vessels through which identities pass: we are lent features, gestures, habits, then we hand them on. Nothing is our own. We begin in the world as anagrams of our antecedents.
Carmela Dutra|Literature has the ability to open up a whole new world to children, but we need to have a share in helping them to find that door and open it with them. Let’s set the example and help to foster this love of reading in our little ones.
Deyth Banger|But none of that matters at all.” His head raised to stare balefully at me, but I said, incoherent yet convinced, “It’s just—a way to go. There isn’t only one way to go.” I waved at his notes. “You’re trying to find a road where there isn’t one. It’s like—it’s gleaning in the woods,” I said abruptly. “You have to pick your way through the thickets and the trees, and it’s different every time.
Shūsaku Endō, Silence|I do not believe that God has given us this trial to not purpose. I know that the day will come when we will clearly understand why this persecution with all it's sufferings has been bestowed upon us -- for everything that Our Lord does is for our good. And yet, even as I write these words I feel the oppressive weight in my heart of those last stammering words of Kichijiro in the morning of his departure: "Why has Deus Sama imposed this suffering on us?" and then the resentment in those eyes that he turned upon me. "Father", he had said "what evil have we done?"I suppose I should simply cast from my mind these meaningless words of the coward; yet why does his plaintive voice pierce my breast with tall the pain of a sharp needle? Why has Our Lord imposed this torture and this persecution on poor Japanese peasants? No, Kichijiro was trying to express something different, something even more sickening. The silence of God. Already twenty years have passed since the persecution broke out; the black soil of Japan has been filled with the lament of so many Christians; the red blood of priests has flowed profusely; the walls of churches have fallen down; and in the face of this terrible and merciless sacrifice offered up to Him, God has remained silent.
Henrietta Szold|I would love to have seen a male-female relationship that had nothing to do with falling in love, I'd love to prove, even on TV - even if it's not true! - that men and women can be friends without any kind of involvement.
Donna Grant, Dark Alpha's Claim|No one will bother us now."	She touched his lips with her finger. "I think I'll scream if they do."	"Oh, you'll be screaming. That I promise you.
Penelope Lively|But however minimal, however threadbare, it (collective memory) is ballast of a kind. We all need that seven-eighths of the iceberg, the ballast of the past, a general past, the place from which we came.That is why history should be taught in school. to all children, as much of it as possible. If you have no sense of the past, no access to historical narrative, you are afloat, untethered; you cannot see yourself as a part of the narrative, you cannot place yourself within a context. You will not have an understanding of time, and a respect for memory and its subtle victory over the remorselessness of time.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Your territory of choice is irrelevant, time conversion is what matters.
Anne Rice, Pandora|The finest thing under the sun and moon is the human soul. I marvel at the small miracles of kindness that pass between humans, I marvel at the growth of conscience, at the persistence of reason in the face of all superstition or despair. I marvel at human endurance.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|The sand in the hour glass isn't meant to stick together. It will flow exactly same today, how it did ten years back. That's how much reliable that stuff is. The stuff that can be consistent.
Said Sayrafiezadeh|On sensitive issues, talk isn't cheap - it takes real courage to pry open topics nailed shut.
Alain de Botton, How to Think More About Sex|But, as is obvious to any observer, many people are thrown into anxiety by situations which are not objectively threatening either in kind or degree. The person may very often state himself that the occasion of his anxiety is a relatively minor event, that his apprehension is 'silly,' and he may be angry with himself for letting such a minor thing bother him; but he still feels it.
William S. Burroughs, Naked Lunch|But you are crazy.”“I know.” She lifted a small box from the basket. “Do you know how I know?”Scarlet didn't answer.“Because the palace walls have been bleeding for years, and no one else sees it.” She shrugged, as if this were a perfectly normal thing to say. “No one believes me, but in some corridors, the blood has gotten so thick there's nowhere safe to step. When I have to pass through those places, I leave a trail of bloody footprints for the rest of the day, and then I worry that the queen's soldiers will follow the scent and eat me up while I'm sleeping. Some nights I don't sleep very well.” Her voice dropped to a haunted whisper, her eyes taking on a brittle luminescence. “But if the blood was real, the servants would clean it up. Don't you think?
Alia Atkinson|My biggest weakness is patience, wanting to see things happen too quickly or get changes in place right away. Not having the patience to let things develop.
Sinclair Lewis, Elmer Gantry|The Divine decree is the necessary condition of the Divine foreknowledge. If God does not first decide what shall come to pass, he cannot know what will come to pass. An event must be made certain, before it can be known as a certain event. In order that a man may foreknow an act of his own will, he must first have decided to perform it.So long as he is undecided about a particular volition, he cannot foreknow this volition. Unless God had determined to create a world, he could not know that there would be one. For the world cannot create itself, and there is but one being who can create it. If therefore this being has not decided to create a world, there is no certainty that a world will come into existence ; and if there is no certainty of a world, there can be no certain foreknowledge of a world. So long as anything remains undecreed, it is contingent and fortuitous. It may or may not happen. In this state of things, there cannot be knowledge of any kind. If a man had the power to cause an eclipse of the sun, and had decided to do this, he could then foreknow that the event would occur. But if he lacks the power, or if having the power, he has not formed the purpose, he can have no knowledge of any kind respecting the imagined event. He has neither knowledge nor foreknowledge, because there is nothing to be known. Blank ignorance is the mental condition.
William Makepeace Thackeray|To love and win is the best thing.To love and lose, the next best.
Donald Ervin Knuth, Selected Papers on Computer Science|The golden era of the golden number was the Italian renaissance. The expression divine proportion was coined by the great mathematician Luca Pacioli in his book 'De divina proportione', written in 1509.
Haroutioun Bochnakian|The political parties are there to distract us from our systems of government; instead of focusing on the system, we focus on political parties to vote for.Voting is our only encouraged interaction with our systems of government.The choice between political parties fractures our nations yet further, turns our focus on each other, and away from the mechanisms of our systems of government.
Sylvester Stallone|I think once you enter the dating world and you realise it's nothing like those Disney movies you watched when you were a little girl, you just become more guarded.
Collette West, Inside Game|When I look at you, you know what I see?"I met her gaze, finding it suddenly hard to breathe."I see the guy who saw me when no one else did," she said. "That's what matters to me. That's who you are.
Sean M. Thompson, Rhonny Reapers Roadkill Cafe|I am beyond good and evil at this point. I am beyond the lines drawn in the sand by society at this juncture. I am beyond fear, beyond religion, beyond the morals and mores. I am Lord of the Fucking Flies. Do you understand?
Henri Nouwen|We have to forget the past. History is something that even today we are paying the consequences, and the future is integration. We all as a people, as citizens, as the leadership of both countries should be looking in that direction.
Zarina Bibi|Listen, she said, "cherubim have come to my planet before.""I know that. Where do you think I got my information?""What do you know about us?""I have heard that your host planet is shadowed, that it is troubled.""It is beautiful," Meg said defensively.She felt a rippling of his wings. "In the middle of your cities?""Well-no-but I don't live in a city.""And is your planet peaceful?""Well-no-it isn't very peaceful.""I had the idea," Proginoskes moved reluctantly within her mind, "that there are wars on your planet. People fighting and killing each other.""Yes, that's so, but-""And children go hungry.""Yes.""And people don't understand each other.""Not always.""And there's-there's hate?""Yes."She felt Proginoskes pulling away. "All I want to do," he was murmuring to himself, "is go some place quiet and recite the names of the stars...
Henri Barbusse, Hell|Mais, j’aurai beau supplier, j’aurai beau me révolter, il n’y aura plus rien pour moi ; je ne serai, désormais, ni heureux, ni malheureux. Je ne peux pas ressusciter. Je vieillirai aussi tranquille que je le suis aujourd’hui dans cette chambre où tant d’êtres ont laissé leur trace, où aucun être n’a laissé la sienne.Cette chambre, on la retrouve à chaque pas. C’est la chambre de tout le monde. On croit qu’elle est fermée, non : elle est ouverte aux quatre vents de l’espace. Elle est perdue au milieu des chambres semblables, comme de la lumière dans le ciel, comme un jour dans les jours, comme moi partout.Moi, moi ! Je ne vois plus maintenant que la pâleur de ma figure, aux orbites profondes, enterrée dans le soir, et ma bouche pleine d’un silence qui doucement, mais sûrement, m’étouffe et m’anéantit.Je me soulève sur mon coude comme sur un moignon d’aile. Je voudrais qu’il m’arrivât quelque chose d’infini !
Christie Brinkley|Just don't let the hype of what people are saying and how much they love you, y'know, just take the compliment and be thankful that people are complimenting you, but don't let it consume you; don't let your circumstances around you and the way people view you make you act a certain way.
Scott Dikkers, You Are Worthless: Depressing Nuggets of Wisdom Sure to Ruin Your Day|A true friend is a gift from God. Since God doesn't exist, guess what? Neither do true friends.
Tim Cahill|I started playing poker in 2003 during my pregnancy, to distract myself from my awful morning sickness. For months all I did was cry and play Texas Hold'em.
John Flanagan, The Emperor of Nihon-Ja|Who are you, gaijin? What do you know about honor?''I'm called Chocho,' Will said...'Chocho?' Arisaka shouted, goaded beyond control. 'Butterfly? Then die, Butterfly!
Kamand Kojouri|These poems are cupsthat I pour my life into.Here, Drink!
Alaa Al Aswany, On the State of Egypt: A Novelist's Provocative Reflections|Everyone ate as a group, and a huge cauldron of dumpster-dived gruel bubbled over a campfire, tended by a grubby-handed group of chefs dicing potatoes and onions on a piece of cardboard on the ground. Huck [Finn] may have been right that a 'barrel of odds and ends' where the 'juice kind of swaps around' makes for better victuals, but it occurred to me that the revolution may well get dysentery.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The humble ones are always learning and improving, and their secret is always that it's a secret.
Chris Womersley, Bereft|Our purpose is to find out whether innocence, the moment it becomes involved in an action, can avoid committing murder.
Arthur Conan Doyle|I think Irish women are strong as horses, incredibly loyal and for the most part, funny, witty, bright and optimistic in the face of devastating reality.
Tapan Ghosh, Faceless The Only Way Out|Change nothing, just be yourself to experience peace.
