Ashley Ormon|Forgiveness is knowing and remembering what happened, but choosing to move beyond it.
Patrick Bryant, Hum A Radiant Sickness|Did you know that the United States is ranked fiftieth in the world in life expectancy? And the forty-nine loser countries where they live longer than us...they live shackled to the tyranny of nonprofit health care. Here in America, you're not coughing up blood, little Bobby, you're coughing up freedom!
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|I understand why she did all those things, but that doesn't mean we aren't still broken.
S.A. Tawks, Misadventurous|If you're not happy with yourself, how can you even begin to figure out if another person makes you happy, annoyed, angry, sad and so on.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|The difference between a conventional counsellor and an empowerment counsellor is that a conventional therapist will allow you to dwell in your pit of misery for months, years and possibly even decades; whereas an empowerment counsellor will challenge you to recognise that your past pains and seemingly negative experiences are the very key to accessing your greatest self.
Thomas Nagel|I really should have died then, Tsukuru often told himself. Then this world, the one in the here and now, wouldn't exist. It was a captivating, bewitching thought. The present world wouldn't exist, and reality would no longer be real. As far as this world was concerned, he would simply no longer exist—just as this world would no longer exist for him.
Jennifer Niven, All the Bright Places|Since I stopped writing, I read more than ever. Other people's words, not my own--my words are gone.
Laurie  Anderson|When you meet a man who is broken, pick him up and carry him. When you meet a woman who’s broken, put her all into your arms. Cause we don’t know where we come from … we don’t know where we are. 
Lavie Tidhar, Central Station|Family wasn't like that, not really. It was not something small and compact, a "nuclear family": it was a great big mess of people, all interlinked, cousins and aunts and relatives-by-marriage and otherwise--it was a network, like the Conversation or a human brain. It was what he had tried to escape, going into the Up and Out, but you cannot run away from family, it follows you, wherever you go.
Kathryn Davis, Duplex|The gods speak to us, and irony is their language.
Madeleine L'Engle, And Both Were Young|She knew that the freedom was in herself, just as the prison had been.
Noam Chomsky|I am not a committed pacifist. I would not hold that it is under all imaginable circumstances wrong to use violence, even though use of violence is in some sense unjust. I believe that one has to estimate relative justices. But the use of violence and the creation of some degree of injustice can only be justified on the basis of the claim and the assessment-which always ought to be undertaken very, very seriously and with a good deal of scepticism that this violence is being exercised because a more just result is going to be achieved.
Jandy Nelson, The Sky Is Everywhere|They could not write their names, but I can write mine, and I will again, somewhere where it will last for a long, long time. I will find Ky, and then I will find that place.
Mirella Muffarotto, Soccer Sweetheart|But you’re right about one thing: he’s my best friend. I know him very well, and no matter what he said or did tonight, I’ve never seen him act this way with another girl. No one,” he repeated, “except you.
Criss Jami|There is this common notion that young conservatives are the few, that most people had liberal worldviews when they were young. If this is true, then it is with great irony that a number of old liberals must never had progressed into conservatives as they grew older.
Lionel Suggs|She is her own definition of beauty. She is pure. She is majestic; mystical even. Her smile is always rejuvenating. Her presence is always illuminating. She is magic in thought, and magic in sight. She takes away your free will, and forces you smile. She takes away your fatigue, and only gives you strength. She always rouses my soul and makes me stretch for more. I lose no words for her. I lose no heartbeats for her. I love her. I adore her. And I won’t dance around her – I’ll embrace her. You are a magnificent friend, and the long awaited dream come true.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We should go to no place that we would not go in His Presence. But He is not with us just to judge or condemn us; He is near to comfort, protect, guide, encourage, strengthen, cleanse, and help.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Nothing has to be funny, sometimes I just laugh to unclog my soul.
Mohammed Sekouty|People without a will are afraid of failure,and failure is afraid of people with a will
Dana Delany|I really like dating stories, like in Betty and Veronica comics; I like David Lynch and H.P. Lovecraft for the dark gut-wrenching stuff, and I'm inspired by Miyazaki's films for the subtle heart-warming moments, as well as the moments that blew up my imagination.
Life Coach. Michael Mnyameni|To every problem you encounting, there is an answer within it.
Christopher Hitchens, Mortality|The man who prays is the one who thinks that god has arranged matters all wrong, but who also thinks that he can instruct god how to put them right.
Rebecca Maizel, Infinite Days|She was almost at the top of the steps, and Shane was right behind her, when she heard Myrnin say, in a quiet voice that was like the old Myrnin, the one she actually liked, "I'm sorry, Claire. I never meant - I'm sorry. Sometimes I don't know... I don't know what I am thinking. I wish... I wish things could be like they were before.
Kristin Hannah, Distant Shores|It had been years since she question his fidelity, but he'd stepped on to the old fame track again, and that was where the road had taken them before. Infidelity could be forgiven, but forgetting it was impossible. Strangely, that wasn't what bothered her the most. What bothered her was that she didn't really care.
Jennifer Ott, Serendipidus|One of the misconceptions about atheism is that it somehow means someone denies the possibility of a deity. In all actuality, it simply means you don’t believe it to be the case — a point that should not be hard to understand with the complete lack of physical evidence that points to the existence of such a being or beings. Even if you’re 51 percent sure that there is no magical man in the sky, you are an atheist; and admitting that is the first half of the battle.
Cher|As a shy kid growing up in Sheffield, I fantasized about how it would be great to be famous so I wouldn't actually have to talk to people and feel awkward. And of course, as we all know from fairy stories, when you achieve that ambition, you find out you don't want it.
Cormac McCarthy, Suttree|The heart beneath the breastbone pumping. The blood on its appointed rounds. Life in small places, narrow crannies. In the leaves, the toad's pulse. The delicate cellular warfare in a waterdrop. A dextrocardiac, said the smiling doctor. Your heart's in the right place. Weathershrunk and loveless. The skin drawn and split like an overripe fruit.
Lailah Gifty Akita|He recalls a lot of family worry about what he was going to do, and while he still sent in the occasional sketch to radio shows, he acknowledges that his confidence was extremely low. Despite his subsequent success and wealth, this propensity for a lack of confidence has continued.“I have terrible periods of lack of confidence,” he explains. “I just don’t believe I can do it and no evidence to the contrary will sway me from that view. I briefly did therapy, but after a while I realised it is just like a farmer complaining about the weather. You can’t fix the weather—you just have to get on with it.”So has that approach helped him? “Not necessarily,” he shrugs.
Glen Duncan|Many have came before you and many will come after you, but none will ever be you. Some may even try to duplicate your characteristics, but they'll never succeed because you are unique.
Molly Friedenfeld, The Book of Simple Human Truths|The statesman received us with that old-fashioned courtesy for which he is remarkable, and seated us on the two luxuriant lounges on either side of the fireplace. Standing on the rug between us, with his slight, tall figure, his sharp features, thoughtful face, and curling hair prematurely tinged with gray, he seemed to represent that not too common type, a nobleman who is in truth noble.
Mehmet Murat ildan|And there are moments that I would like to know what might have happened if it hadn't happened, and why it happened the way it did, and what it might have taken to prevent it from happening.
Don Winslow, The Force|It’s sadthat burnt marshmallowsmake me think ofmethamphetamine,when theyshould bringback childhoodmemories ofs’mores
Euginia Herlihy|(...) It,s hard not to be able. There, look there!/ I cannot get the movement nor the light;/Sometimes it almost makes a man despair/To try and try and never get it right./Oh, if I could -oh, if I only might,/I wouldn,t mind what hells I,d have to pass,/Not if the whole world called me fool and ass."Dauber (A poem). John Masefield. 1916. London William Heinemann
Wilhelm Reich, The Mass Psychology of Fascism|You want to be good. All right, I can understand that. But you have to be careful who you let define your good.
Luke Gracias, The Devil's Prayer|We humans progressively exterminate every support mechanism. The earth progressively degenerates toward a form of quadriplegia, completely impotent to protect all it sustains.
Prashant Sonavane|Life is a painting,dream and draw sketch of own's life.
Jess Rothenberg, The Catastrophic History of You and Me|Oh, but you must travel through those woods again and again... said a shadow at the window... and you must be lucky to avoid the wolf every time...But the wolf... the wolf only needs enough luck to find you once.
Ursula Hegi|That's the nature of being a parent, Sabine has discovered. You'll love your children far more than you ever loved your parents, and -- in the recognition that your own children cannot fathom the depth of your love -- you come to understand the tragic, unrequited love of your own parents.
Margaret Fuller|Precision, speed, unambiguity, knowledge of files, continuity, discretion, unity, strict subordination, reduction of friction and of material and personal costs - these are raised to the optimum point in the strictly bureaucratic administration.
Debasish Mridha|Try to be the best even if you can't be the best, you will be among the betters.
Jeannette Walls (Author)|Most times when folks ask for advice, they already know what they should do. They just want to hear it from someone else.
Grace Draven, Radiance|Like to hear a vampire folk tale?" Sarasti asked."Vampires have folk tales?"He took it for a yes. "A laser is assigned to find the darkness. Since it lives in a room without doors, or windows, or any other source of light, it thinks this will be easy. But everywhere it turns it sees brightness. Every wall, every piece of furniture it points at is brightly lit. Eventually it concludes there is no darkness, that light is everywhere.
Shane Eric Mathias, The Happiness Tree: Grow Your Happiness by Cultivating a Healthy, Creative and Purposeful Life|We must endeavor to be whole, whether in or out of a relationship, basing happiness on our own internal resources rather than relying on someone else to full the perceived gaps in our lives.
James Altucher|The more times I was turned down, the more I believed I was getting closer to making it. A lot of people in Korea say that failure is the mother of success, so I believed that more times I failed, the more likely I was to succeed.
Sam Lipsyte, The Ask|Oh, do you, Milo? You’re so selfish. You don’t see the bigger picture.” “What’s the bigger picture?” “You’re still here looking for handouts. Who’s going to take care of me?” “I’m on my knees here, Mom. Not for me, for my family. For my wife. For a beautiful grandson you have totally ignored.” “He’s kind of a brat. I’ll be in his life when he gets a little impulse control.” “He’s not even four.” “I have needs. I’m tired of this child-worshipping culture. You’re just a slave to it, Milo.” “I’m only trying to be a decent dad.” “Don’t waste your time. It’s not in your genes. Besides, try making some money. That might be a good dad move. For heaven’s sake, the system’s rigged for white men and you still can’t tap in.” “You’re right, Mom. What can I say? But still, it would mean a lot to me if you made a little more of an effort with Bernie.” “Bernie schmernie. This is my decade.” “Okay, you wrinkled old spidercunt, have it your way.
Gary Shteyngart, Little Failure|I write because there is nothing as joyful as writing, even when the writing is twisted and full of hate, the self-hate that makes writing not only possible but necessary. I hate myself, I hate the people around me, but what I crave is the fulfillment of some ideal.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|If a person studies too much and exhausts his reflective powers, he will be confused, and will not be able to apprehend even that which had been within the power of his apprehension. For the powers of the body are all alike in this respect.
Matt Mullenweg|I was an overweight kid, and my father struggled with his weight, too. We would go for a ride on his motorcycle on Sunday morning to get doughnuts, to make pizza together, or go get ice cream. I quickly learned that food equalled love and attention.
Israelmore Ayivor|Me: I am very busy now. Can you please excuse me for few minutes?She: Oh ok. But why are you sweating all over your body?Me: I am very busy, that is why. I am dreaming extra-large dreams.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Years ago, I read Andrew Carnegie’s metaphor "developing people is like mining gold." He shared that sometimes you must move tons of dirt to find an ounce of gold. Every one of us has dirt because we are all imperfect and fallible. However, within each of us lies a vein of gold. When you find this treasure, regardless of how small, and begin to polish it, a person will shine so brightly the dirt falls away.
Coco J. Ginger|Writers do not have the privilege of sleep. There is always a story coming alive in their heads, constantly composing. Whether they choose it or not.
Sunday Adelaja|After the Resurrection, there will be a Day of Judgment. While all will eventually be saved and inherit a kingdom of glory, those who trust in God and seek to follow His laws and ordinances will inherit lives in the eternities that are unimaginable in glory and overwhelming in majesty. That Day of Judgment will be a day of mercy and love—a day when broken hearts are healed, when tears of grief are replaced with tears of gratitude, when all will be made right.
Jonathan Lockwood Huie|The essence of life is not in the great victories and grand failures, but in the simple joys.
Michel Foucault, What is an Author?|As a result, we must entirely reverse the traditional idea of the author. We are accustomed, as we have seen earlier, to saying that the author is the genial creator of a work in which he deposits, with infinite wealth and generosity, an inexhaustible world of significations. We are used to thinking that the author is so different from all other men, and so transcendent with regard to all languages that, as soon as he speaks, meaning begins to proliferate, to proliferate indefinitely.
ابن خلدون|Time is life. It is irreversible and irreplaceable. To waste your time is to waste your life, but to master your time is to master your life and make the most of it.
|As short as life is, your decisions and actions could still make it shorter. Always think about consequences before taking actions.
Audrey Greathouse, The Neverland Wars|Why spend your whole life on the high seas looking for treasure,' Peter asked, talking to the clouds as he scaled a rope up what remained of the half-crumbled mast, 'when you could have a promised pay check in exchange for all the life you'd live between nine-and-five.
C. JoyBell C.|Our bodies have five senses: touch, smell, taste, sight, hearing. But not to be overlooked are the senses of our souls: intuition, peace, foresight, trust, empathy. The differences between people lie in their use of these senses; most people don't know anything about the inner senses while a few people rely on them just as they rely on their physical senses, and in fact probably even more.
Jacqueline Rayner, Doctor Who: Magic of the Angels|Never been here before. It's like something on the top floor of a luxury high-rise casino in Atlantic City, where they put semi-retarded adults from South Philly after they've blundered into the mega jackpot" Hiro Protagonist - Snow Crash
Toni Sorenson|If you’re giving to get, all you’ll receive is disappointment. But if you’re giving to give, all you’ll receive is joy.
Bien Sufficient|a person who does not have respect for time, and does not have a sense of timing, can achieve little.
John  Adams, The Letters of John and Abigail Adams|True Islam taught me that it takes all of the religious, political, economic, psychological, and racial ingredients, or characteristics, to make the Human Family and the Human Society complete.
Daniel Smith, Monkey Mind: A Memoir of Anxiety|Meanwhile, back in the real world, my first instinct is a sort of stupid ducking motion I’ve learned from the movies, and I have the sure sense I’m going to be shot in the neck, where I feel particularly exposed and vulnerable.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|Then the liars and swearers are fools, for there are liars and swearers enough to beat the honest men and hang up them.
Dalai Lama XIV|Many are the strange chances of the world,' said Mithrandir, 'and help oft shall come from the hands of the weak when the Wise falter.
Debbie Tosun Kilday|In my heart, poetry screams, “I exist!
Dolly Parton|It is possible for a woman to be a romantic, but also to be single and to be happy.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Your message, your ministry, your influence is built from your flaws. People relate to HUMANITY...not perfection.
John Paul II|As the family goes, so goes the nation and so goes the whole world in which we live.
Pope Francis|There was something in the way he posed a question and followed it up with a generous pause, I think, that drew me out. I had never noticed all the pauses that were missing from most people's conversations.
Scott Stabile|My fear whispered to me, I am just trying to protect you.I whispered back, I know, but I’m stronger than you think.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|That's the advantage of insomnia. People who go to be early always complain that the night is too short, but for those of us who stay up all night, it can feel as long as a lifetime. You get a lot done
Thomas Jefferson|I am conscious that an equal division of property is impracticable. But the consequences of this enormous inequality [in Europe] producing so much misery to the bulk of mankind, legislators cannot invent too many devices for subdividing property,...[One] means of silently lessening the inequality of property is to exempt all from taxation below a certain point, and to tax the higher portions of property in geometrical progression as they rise.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Lectures to My Students|What the culture of get rich quick does to our people is the escapist mentality becomes prevalent, giving birth to the syndrome of economic refugees.
Winston S. Churchill|They want to be natural, the anti-social little beasts. They just don't realize that everyone's good depends on everyone's cooperation.
Lee Iacocca|People are the core of every business. Businesses are based on relationships, and relationships are based on people. I would go to an average restaurant run by amazing people over an outstanding restaurant run by awful people.
Shari Arison|The natives of Silicon Valley learned long ago that when you share your knowledge with someone else, one plus one usually equals three. You both learn each other's ideas, and you come up with new ones.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Wind, Sand and Stars|I picked up one and then a second and then a third of these stones, finding them at about the rate of one stone to the acre. And here is where my adventure became magical, for in a striking foreshortening of time that embraced thousands of years, I had become the witness of this miserly rain from the stars. the marvel of marvels was that there on the rounded back of the planet, between this magnetic sheet and those stars, a human consciousness was present in which as in a mirror that rain could be reflected.
Gretchen Rubin|In every life story, including our own, decisions are made in haste that determine the course of eternity.
Abiodun Oyewole|My father referred to it as "the finest song ever written for fifteen fingers." He made me play it when I was getting too full of myself and felt I needed humbling. Suffice to say I practice it with fair regularity, sometimes more than once a day.
Jaimie Roberts, Deviant|Everything you love has been stolen from you, Regan. Come with me and we’ll steal it all back… together, we’ll make you whole again.” -KieronHanti
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|It's like looking through a microscope your whole life," he (Justin) said. "You miss the whole picture. Sometimes you need to get lost in order to discover anything.
Rollo May|Us atheist people, we believe we have to act properly and honestly for a moral principle and not because we expect an award in Paradise.
Melissa Grijalva, The Love Story That Shouldn't Have Been|There is so much more to the notes being strum from his guitar, behind everything is raw emotion, and it’s proof that he is human. That his heart beats just like mine and that sadness can infiltrate those that appear to have souls made out of stone.
Tyler James Williams|For me personally, I think I just enjoy movies about werewolves or vampires because it's not like an everyday thing. It's something you can really escape into.
César Vallejo|Aviation in air, in water and in spirit. Its laws are different in all three cases. The spirit soars the more it weighs and sinks into itself. The heavier the spirit, the higher and farther it flies.
George Bernard Shaw, Getting Married|When two people are under the influence of the most violent, most insane, most delusive, and most transient of passions, they are required to swear that they will remain in that excited, abnormal, and exhausting condition continuously until death do them part.
Chaim Potok|My goals have changed throughout my life. At one time it was winning awards, selling out concert dates, selling more albums than anyone else. Now, my goals are to see my grandchildren grown, live a long and healthy life with my family and friends and travel the world.
Charlotte Eriksson, You're Doing Just Fine|Take a shower. Wash away every trace of yesterday. Of smells. Of weary skin. Get dressed. Make coffee, windows open, the sun shining through. Hold the cup with two hands and notice that you feel the feeling of warmth.   You still feel warmth. Now sit down and get to work. Keep your mind sharp, head on, eyes on the page and if small thoughts of worries fight their ways into your consciousness: threw them off like fires in the night and keep your eyes on the track. Nothing but the task in front of you. Get off your chair in the middle of the day. Put on your shoes and take a long walk on open streets around people. Notice how they’re all walking, in a hurry, or slowly. Smiling, laughing, or eyes straight forward, hurried to get to wherever they’re going. And notice how you’re just one of them. Not more, not less. Find comfort in the way you’re just one in the crowd. Your worries: no more, no less.Go back home. Take the long way just to not pass the liquor store. Don’t buy the cigarettes. Go straight home. Take off your shoes. Wash your hands. Your face. Notice the silence. Notice your heart. It’s still beating. Still fighting. Now get back to work. Work with your mind sharp and eyes focused and if any thoughts of worries or hate or sadness creep their ways around, shake them off like a runner in the night for you own your mind, and you need to tame it. Focus. Keep it sharp on track, nothing but the task in front of you.Work until your eyes are tired and head is heavy, and keep working even after that. Then take a shower, wash off the day. Drink a glass of water. Make the room dark. Lie down and close your eyes. Notice the silence. Notice your heart. Still beating. Still fighting. You made it, after all. You made it, another day. And you can make it one more.  You’re doing just fine. You’re doing fine.I’m doing just fine.
Debasish Mridha|Peaceful is he who is living in the moment, but not in the past nor in the future.
George Sheehan|Running is a brutal and emotional sport. It's also a simple, primal sport. As humans, on a most basic level, we get hungry, we sleep, we yearn for love, we run.
Mia Castile, Something More|Home. One place is just like another, really. Maybe not. But truth is it's all just rock and dirt and people are roughly the same. I was born up there but I'm no stranger here. Have always felt at home everywhere, even in Virginia, where they hate me. Everywhere you go there's nothing but the same rock and dirt and houses and people and deer and birds. They give it all names, but I'm at home everywhere. Odd thing: unpatriotic. I was at home in England. I would be at home in the desert. In Afghanistan or far Typee. All mine, it all belongs to me. My world.
Sara  Miles, Take This Bread: A Radical Conversion|To figure out what was really happening behind the clichés, I'd learned, meant a practice of looking not at the center but at the edges of things—at the unlikeliest and weakest people, not the most apparently powerful. It meant asking lots of stupid questions, making room for inconvenient facts that didn't fit a schema, and trying to remain honest about what I didn't know.
Samuel Morse|Children are remarkable for their intelligence and ardor, for their curiosity, their intolerance of shams, the clarity and ruthlessness of their vision.
N. Kazantzakis|There was a shepherd the other day up at Findon Fair who had come from the east by Lewes with sheep, and who had in his eyes that reminiscence of horizons which makes the eyes of shepherds and of mountaineers different from the eyes of other men.
Lee Child, Never Go Back|They seek him here. They seek him there. Those Frenchies seek him everywhere. Is he in Heaven? Or is he in Hell? That damned, illusive pimpernel.
Ossie Davis|Any form of art is a form of power; it has impact, it can affect change – it can not only move us, it makes us move.
Alexander McCall Smith, Morality for Beautiful Girls|The ordinary people of Africa tended not to have room in their hearts for hatred. They were sometimes foolish, like people anywhere, but they did not bear grudges, as Mr Mandela had shown the world.
Deyth Banger|I have strange feeling, but I should continue with the fight I never should give up!
Eraldo Banovac|In monetary parlance, there are three types of people - who know how to make money from money (rich); who earn and spend (middle class); and those who don’t know either and remain poor. Their percentages vary from country to country.
Chloe Neill|I cannot take your sense of humor--and, with it, you've nothing to fear from me.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Why shouldn’t we have laws forbidding pornography and obscenity? Many heroic leaders have tried, but they have stumbled over even the definition of the word “obscenity.” If we cannot agree on the length of a foot, it is because we have lost our yardstick.
Troy Community|I dressed up like a crazy pharaoh for you, man!
Steven Magee|You would be surprised at how many corporations "none of your business" applies to!
Holly Sprink, Faith Postures: Cultivating Christian Mindfulness|We can make our own plans and judge them by our narrow expectations, or we can experience life as the boundless reality of the One who created it.
Max Weber, From Max Weber: Essays in Sociology|Weber,... argues that... personal bias should not preclude the scientific ascertainment of objective historical facts.
Joan Didion|Survivors look back and see omens, messages they missed.They remember the tree that died, the gull that splattered onto the hood of the car.They live by symbols. They read meaning into the barrage of spam on the unused computer, the delete key that stops working, the imagined abandonment in the decision to replace it.
Margaret Atwood, Survival: A Thematic Guide to Canadian Literature|...the values ascribed to the Indian will depend on what the white writer feels about Nature, and America has always had mixed feelings about that. At one end of the spectrum is Thoreau, wishing to immerse himself in swamps for the positive vibrations; at the other end is Benjamin Franklin, who didn't like Nature. [p.91]
Chögyam Trungpa, Cutting Through Spiritual Materialism|We do not have to be ashamed of what we are. As sentient beings we have wonderful backgrounds. These backgrounds may not be particularly enlightened or peaceful or intelligent. Nevertheless, we have soil good enough to cultivate; we can plant anything in it.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|Today is the winter solstice. The planet tilts just so to its star, lists and holds circling in a fixed tension between veering and longing, and spins helpless, exalted, in and out of that fleet blazing touch. Last night Orion vaulted and spread all over the sky, pagan and lunatic, his shoulder and knee on fire, his sword three suns at the ready-for what?	 I won’t see this year again, not again so innocent; and longing wrapped round my throat like a scarf. “For the Heavenly Father desires that we should see,” says Ruysbroeck, “and that is why He is ever saying to our inmost spirit one deep unfathomable word and nothing else.” But what is the word? Is this mystery or coyness? A cast-iron bell hung from the arch of my rib cage; when I stirred, it rang, or it tolled, a long syllable pulsing ripples up my lungs and down the gritty sap inside my bones, and I couldn’t make it out; I felt the voiced vowel like a sigh or a note but I couldn’t catch the consonant that shaped it into sense.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If I must know something in order to believe in it, what I am able to believe in will be severely limited. If I choose to believe in something in order to know it, then what I believe in can be boundless.
Michael Chabon|I had been asking the universe and God to send me a way for me to help me. Show business has been so wonderful to me, and it came in the form of that. It's just so funny how things come into your life, and if you take a chance on them, it might give you a brand new life.
Robert Walser, Oppressive Light: Selected Poems by Robert Walser|and suddenly I am washed over by a wave of happiness for it, for my little story, because it is a place, a home even, and I can go back to it from wherever I am
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|I heard my teacher said "great people make history". I am not concern about "great" or "people" or "history". I am concerned about "make" and it keeps me asking the next question "how?"! They are Determined and Disciplined!
Robert Burns, Collected Poems of Robert Burns|The best laid schemes o' Mice an' Men, Gang aft agley.An' lea'e us nought but grief an' pain, For promis'
Mike Carey, The Naming of the Beasts|It was a hot, moist armpit of a night...
Jack Higgins, The Eagle Has Landed|If you make friends with yourself, you’ll never be alone.
Arundhati Roy|What I want is a sort of new political realignment on libertarian/authoritarian lines, and I want a new consensus to emerge of disaffected liberals, classical liberals, dissident minorities like gays, small-state conservatives, libertarians, people who basically want to be left alone.
Avery Flynn, Bullet Proof|Her skin glowed in dawn's soft light sneaking in through curtains, and she stretched her arms up toward the ceiling in a move that elongated everything above her waist and below his belt.
Joyce Carol Oates, Faithless|He was ugly, himself. Weird-ugly. But ugliness in a man doesn't matter, much. Ugliness in a woman is her life.
Julie Miller, KCPD Protector|Without the possibility of making mistakes, we wouldn't need to bother about making a decision.
Lester Bangs|Like almost all of Beefheart's recorded work, it was not even "ahead" of its time in 1969. Then and now, it stands outside time, trends, fads, hypes, the rise and fall of whole genres eclectic as walking Christmas trees, constituting a genre unto itself: truly, a musical Monolith if ever there was one.
Ron Jaworski|If there's one thing that's certain in business, it's uncertainty.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Lead with honesty, total integrity, compassion, patience and tolerance — toward yourself!
Gary Johnson|How does the Meadow flower its bloom unfold? Because the lovely little flower is free down to its root, and in that freedom bold.
Euginia Herlihy|Fear is the greatest enemy of humanity, it paralyses tons and tons of people around the globe.
Mary Stuart Masterson|I would like to promote the concept of a partnership of insurance companies, physicians and hospitals in deploying a basic framework for an electronic medical records system that is affordable.
John H. Arnold|War is sometimes described as long periods of boredom punctuated by short moments of excitement. History is often similar, if rather safer.
Rory Bremner|On the first day of school, you got to be real careful where you sit. You walk into the classroom and just plunk your stuff down on any old desk, and the next thing you know the teacher is saying, 'I hope you all like where you're sitting, because these are your permanent seats.'
Eli Easton, The Lion and the Crow|In retrospect, I am very nearly as sharp as I pretend to be.
Elaine Stritch|Good leaders must communicate vision clearly, creatively, and continually. However, the vision doesn't come alive until the leader models it.
Kelseyleigh Reber|When we stand up for what we believe in—for what’s right—there is always a chance that we risk the very things we fight for: our safety, our lives, our freedom. But if we stand down, the risk is definite.
Sam Yagan|We sold OkCupid to Match in January of 2011. In September of 2012, I became CEO of all of Match, which is the operating segment of IAC that contains all of the dating properties.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|My life guides offer my comfort, solace, joy, love, and bliss. I gratefully accept it, as needed, for my highest good and the highest good of all life.
Prakoso Ario|God is Alien?? Think on this, it's sounds very interesting, is he....?? or he is not???
Trisha Yearwood|I'm like everybody: I gain the Christmas 10 or so, and then I try to exercise more and dial it back.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|When you are a person people can trust, they will call on upon you, love to be around you and work with you.
William Shakespeare, The Taming of the Shrew|Ram. My lord constable, the armor that I saw in your tent to-night, are those stars or suns upon it?Con. Stars, my lord.Dau. Some of them will fall to-morrow, I hope.Con. And yet my sky shall not want.Dau. That may be, for you bear a many superfluously, and ’twere more honor some were away.Con. Even as your horse bears your praises; who would trot as well, were some of your brags dismounted.Henry V, 3.7.69-78
Gwen Calvo|Sunflowers hellos from gate to gate. The hour at the square. Candy, art, books, look. A warmth given. Beauties with rain forest hair Walk by the clock tower. Sunlight of neon, the keys inside their eyes. No storms. Traffic sounds, salt air. Salt that moves the thirst and destroys all the fears.
Syed Sharukh|For me it's NOT to, It's "For"give; As Given it's NOT you "For"given
Eliezer Yudkowsky|One of chief pieces of advice I give to aspiring rationalists is "Don't try to be clever." And, "Listen to those quiet, nagging doubts." If you don't know, you don't know what you don't know, you don't know how much you don't know, and you don't know how much you needed to know.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Stop, think and use your brain! Don’t’ rush through life. Take time to reflect as you define what success means to you. Always remember you are one of a kind!
R.A.Delmonico|If i start hate her, just because of this that she betrayed me ,Then i will betray to my Love.
Christine Warren, Hard as a Rock|Calling on his inherent magic, he pictured a shape less conspicuous in the mortal realm. An instant later he stood before his companion in his new body and found himself surprisingly comfortable in the denim and cotton garments that came with it. Perhaps this confining human shape had its advantages. 	He nodded in satisfaction and looked to the woman, "Will this do?"	***	Will this do me? Now that is the question.	Wynn took in the Guardian's human form and hoped her eyes were not literally bulging out of her head, because they sure as heck felt like they were. It felt as if the usually obedient organs couldn't take in enough of the new view in their natural state and wanted to reach out and touch the gorgeous specimen of man that now stood before her.	Because... wow.
Markus Zusak, Fighting Ruben Wolfe|As we walk back, it feels like the city is engulfing us. Adrenalin still pours through our veins. Sparks flow through to our fingers. We've still been running in the mornings, but the city's different then. It's filled with hope and with bristles of winter sunshine. In the evening, it's like it dies, waiting to be born again the next morning.
André Gorz, Letter to D: A Love Story|You're 82 years old. You've shrunk six centimetres, you only weigh 45 kilos yet you're still beautiful, graceful and desirable. We've lived together now for 58 years and I love you more than ever. I once more feel a gnawing emptiness in the hollow of my chest that is only filled when your body is pressed next to mine.
Lord Byron|Step with care and great tact, and remember that Life's a Great Balancing Act.
Mirza Sharafat Hussain Beigh|When men at forward fail to achieve the goal, they describe the victory lies in defending.
Dave Barry, Dave Barry Turns Fifty|When trouble arises and things look bad, there is always one individual who perceives a solution and is willing to take command. Very often, that individual is crazy. 
Lysander Spooner, No Treason: The Constitution of No Authority|And yet we have what purports, or professes, or is claimed, to be a contract—the Constitution—made eighty years ago, by men who are now all dead, and who never had any power to bind us, but which (it is claimed) has nevertheless bound three generations of men, consisting of many millions, and which (it is claimed) will be binding upon all the millions that are to come; but which nobody ever signed, sealed, delivered, witnessed, or acknowledged; and which few persons, compared with the whole number that are claimed to be bound by it, have ever read, or even seen, or ever will read, or see.
Konstantin Tsiolkovsky|Micro satellites, about the size of a loaf of bread, are going to be going into space more and more.
Hermann Hesse, Steppenwolf|One Connection By A Spiritual WayIs To Be Emotional Connected :Petra Cecilia Maria HermansAugust 29, 2016AmenGod
Lorri Faye|The best relationships are simple. No lies, no cheating, simply two people that will always be there for each other nomatter what.
Robert Kennedy|The finest lesson I've learned with age is that all I need is a small team of comrades who inspire me, try not to judge me, and remind me when I'm judging myself.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|And then I crawled into his unmade bed, wrapping myself in his comforter like a cocoon, surrounding myself with his smell. I took out my cannula so I could smell better, breathing him and out, the scent fading even as I lay there, my chest burning until I couldn't distinguish among the pains.
Thomas Brodie-Sangster|I feel very warm towards Mum and Dad for giving us the independence they did. My childhood, and the fact we didn't have a TV, gave me a boundless imagination.
Therese Anne Fowler, Z: A Novel of Zelda Fitzgerald|Make everything an adventure. Otherwise, it will suck.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|It won't matter if nobody ever thinks I'm pretty (although sometimes I wish, just for a second, that somebody would)
Hilary McKay|We may not be a great power anymore, we may be into you for sixty-five trillion yuan-pegged, but we're not afraid to use our troops if our spades act up, so watch out, or we'll go fucking nuclear on your yellow asses if you try to cash in your chips.
Anna Kendrick, Scrappy Little Nobody|There are no answers, only choices.
Ben Stein|Technology's related to everything. Technology is making the world more accessible, so yeah, as generations go by, they'll become more and more married to each other, for sure. I think they go hand in hand - fashion inspires design, and technology inspires design as well.
William Gaddis, A Frolic of His Own|Karma has been a pop culture term for ages. But really, what the heck is it?Karma is not an inviolate engine of cosmic punishment. Rather, it is a neutral sequence of acts, results, and consequences.Receiving misfortune does not necessarily indicate that one has committed evil. But it is a sufficient indicator of something else.And that something else can be anything, as long as it is a logical consequence of what has come before.Consider: if you fall into a well, you are not a bad person who deserves to suffer—you are merely someone who took a wrong step. Or someone who had one drink too many. Or got a head rush due to poor circulation. Or forgot to wear your glasses. Or—The reasons are plentiful, and all plausible. But the chain of cause and effect goes way, way back into the deepest hoariest recesses of your personal past.So never rule out retribution. But never expect it.
Anna Letitia Barbauld|You know, my faith is one that admits some doubt.
Louise Erdrich, The Last Report on the Miracles at Little No Horse|To love another human in all of her splendor and imperfect perfection , it is a magnificent task...tremendous and foolish and human.
Richard Branson|An organization's ability to learn, and translate that learning into action rapidly, is the ultimate competitive advantage.
Christina Engela|What would Jesus do? One thins is obvious, if there is one thing Jesus would NOT do - is to behave like his followers.
Yuna|Since I began my practice of Forgiveness Therapy, it's now instinctual for me to choose to eat like I love myself - instead of eating like I wanted to punish myself. Plus I've not only lost weight, I've lost the anger and anxiety I was feeling, and so I feel happier and calmer within.
Neil Gaiman, Anansi Boys|Dear friends, do you know that you are lucky people? You don't have any cows to lose.
Stevie Smith, Selected Poems|The world is come upon me, I used to keep it a long way off, But now I have been run over and I am in the hands of the hospital staff.
Justin Swapp, The Magic Shop|Roger’s wand made a crackling noise as he traced it around Winston’s arms, down his waist, and everywhere else.
Laura Kaye, Ride Rough|This heart, it's broke, it's totally broken. Entah kenapa pertahanan diriku akhirnya runtuh. It hurts so much and finally it tears me down.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|Because what my gradmother did with her fine coat (the loveliest thing she would ever own) is what all women of that generation (and before) did for their families and their husbands and their children. They cut up the finest and proudest parts of themselves and gave it all away. They repatterned what was theirs and shaped it for others. They went without. They were the last ones to eat at supper, and they were the first ones to get up every morning, warming the cold kitchen for another day spent caring for everyone else. This was the only thing they knew how to do. This was their guiding verb and their defining principle of life: They gave.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|The world looks like something God had just imaged for his own pleasure, doesn't it?
Questlove|All that stuff about heavy metal and hard rock, I don't subscribe to any of that. It's all just music. I mean, the heavy metal from the Seventies sounds nothing like the stuff from the Eighties, and that sounds nothing like the stuff from the Nineties. Who's to say what is and isn't a certain type of music?
Eduardo Bonilla-Silva, Racism without Racists: Color-Blind Racism and the Persistence of Racial Inequality in the United States|I was telling them about back home and how all the boys were chasing me because I was half-caste, and they said I was dissing myself. So now I say biracial, and I'm supposed to be offended when somebody says half-caste. I've met a lot of people here with white mothers and they are so full of issues, eh. I didn't know I was even supposed to have issues until I came to America . Honestly, if anybody wants to raise bi-racial kids, do it in Nigeria
S.M. Reine, Long Night Moon|Dance comes naturally to us when we're little but fades when we get older. Too many people let the stresses of life get them wound up. I think there's something to be said for cutting loose and having a good time. And hey, people even danced in Bible days.
|Are these magic cloaks?” asked Pippin, looking at them with wonder. “I do not know what you mean by that,” answered the leader of the Elves. “They are fair garments, and the web is good, for it was made in this land. They are elvish robes certainly, if that is what you mean. Leaf and branch, water and stone: they have the hue and beauty of all these things under the twilight of Lorien that we love; for we put the thought of all that love into all that we make.
Melisser Elliott, The Vegan Girl's Guide to Life: Cruelty-Free Crafts, Recipes, Beauty Secrets and More|Everybody is born so that they can learn to live a good life-like loving everybody and being nice, right? Well animals already know how to do that, so they don't have to live so long
Brian  McClellan, Promise of Blood|Only those who will love longer than they expected to can truly love pecan pie, which doesn't explain its status as death rows most requested last dessert, or why chopped pecans, corn syrup, directions from the Karo bottle's cherry-red side are what mercy taste like to some. But there you have it.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|Young people today are deeply passionate and crave authentic life based on truth. They're hungry to make a difference. They're willing to take a stand for whatever they believe, even to die for a cause. When they sell out to Jesus, they'll pursue a standard of righteousness that is greater than anything you and I ever saw growing up. Don't water it down. Don't lower the standard. And don't just settle for raising it-raise it higher. Believe in your children. Talk with them. Speak well of them. Encourage them. Pray for them. Celebrate the victories with them. Affirm their growth. We can raise a generation that, although they'll make mistakes, will sell out completely when Jesus grips them. They'll give Him everything. They'll make you proud by being even weirder than you are.
Natalie Goldberg|Writing a sincere narrative account of personal adversities and misfortunes is one way to become acquainted with the rifts of a person’s inmost self, the smothered pieces of want that lie separate and undetected amid the customs, habits, vices, and tedium that encases us in the hubbub of daily living.
Nick Payne|In the quantum multiverse, every choice, every decision you've ever and never made exists in an unimaginably vast ensemble of parallel universes.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|He was savoring for the first time the ineffable subtleties of feminine refinement. Never had he encountered this grace of language, this quiet taste in dress, these relaxed, dove like postures. He marveled at the sublimity of her soul and at the lace on her petticoat. With her ever-changing moods, by turns brooding and gay, chattering and silent, fiery and casual, she aroused in him a thousand desires, awakening instincts or memories. She was the amoureuse of all the novels, the heroine of all the plays, the vague "she" of all the poetry books.
Laiah Gifty Akita|O Lord of mercy, have pity on us.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|Don't be mad at a hoe for doing what she does best, besides it's not her that owes you that loyalty.
Sebastian Faulks|The Southern whites are in many respects a great people. Looked at from a certain point of view, they are picturesque. If one will put oneself in a romantic frame of mind, one can admire their notions of chivalry and bravery and justice.
Ron D Sharp|If you have nothing planned for the future, you have no need of a future.
Chuck Klosterman, I Wear the Black Hat: Grappling With Villains|As recently as the grunge era, there remained a bohemian cachet in casually mentioning that you didn’t own a TV. But nobody thinks like that anymore. Today, claiming you don’t own a TV simply means you’re poor (or maybe depressed). In one ten-year span, high-end television usurped the cultural positions of film, rock, and literary fiction.
Philippe Claudel, Brodeck|...In the end, there's no sort of difference between dying from ignorance and dying under the feet of thousands of men who have regained their freedom. You close your eyes, and then there's nothing anymore. And death is never difficult. It requires neither a hero nor a slave. It eats what it's served.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|When I date, I date a lot. I give most people a chance but let very few into my heart. Think of it like trying on clothes before you buy them. It takes out the guesswork. Why commit before you’re ready? And ideally you end up having to make fewer returns. Of course there are those awkward moments when you’re standing in unfamiliar light in front of a questionably shaped mirror squinting at your torso and thinking to yourself “Do I have a bra somewhere that’ll make this thing work? Could I get one?
Brian  McClellan, The Crimson Campaign|For so long, I was stuck in "either or" thinking. Either I had to change myself, or change the world. Either it was his fault or my fault. Either you had to stop acting that way or I had to stop reacting this way. Either there was something wrong with me or something wrong with them. I would fluctuate between both ends of this dynamic. I'd blame myself for some time and do everything I could to change. When that became tiresome, I'd blame the other, doing everything I could to make them change. When the resentment and frustration became too strong, I'd blame myself again.I've learned that it's never either or. It's always both. I've also learned that, because it's always both, there's no such thing as fault. Fault is only something we can ascribe when we see things superficially. When we look deeper, we see multi-layered, complex systems of causes and effects which affect and are affected by all individuals involved. Fault is a useless concept. Responsibility, however, is the most helpful concept of them all.It's not my fault. It's not his or yours or theirs either. But it is all our responsibility. When we come together like this, we don't have to see-saw back and forth, passing on guilt and blame. We can grow. We can evolve. We can build a better world.
Christy  Hall, The Little Silkworm|Walking the Camino de Santiago taught me the wonders of physical challenge, the wonders of spiritual freedom, and the wonders of baby powder.
J. R. Martinez|It is not about the money. It's the public service aspect. Absolutely, I think it has qualities of redemption. The city gets a second chance. I get a second chance.
Evangeline Lilly|I probably wouldn't be a good spokesman for an electric car, because I'll still get on a private jet, and one flight on a private jet undoes all my electric-car good deeds.
Tim O'Brien, The Things They Carried|I love your hair!" Marlee gushed. "I wish I'd been born with red hair. It makes you look so alive. I hear that people with red hair have bed tempers. Is that true?Despite my rotten day, Marlee's manner was so vivacious that my smile grew wider. "I don't think so. I mean, I can have a bad temper at times, but my sister is a redhead, and she's as sweet as can be.
Amy Smith, All Roads Lead to Austen: A Yearlong Journey with Jane|There's a mathematics to nesting, I'm sure, that explains how length of stay + space available = accumulating way too much stuff.
Jonathan Swift|In the evening, I would tell my patients, sleep with the angels. In the morning, I would say to each as the French farmers still do, "Good morning to your and your companion" - meaning, of course, their angel.
Chris Manby, Getting Personal|I had fallen out of my secure world, precipitated beyond the territories I had only begun to control so skillfully. What a foolish step to take. What an insane move to make.
Carlos Wallace|Because racism exists, and you have to pick a side. You can say that you don’t pick sides, but eventually life will force you to pick a side.
Meghan Daum, Life Would Be Perfect If I Lived in That House|I said to him that Zululand sounded fine, but that every man has a map in his heart of his own country and that the heart will never allow you to forget this map.
Peter S. Beagle, A Fine and Private Place|You have to be very deep to be dead, he thought, and I'm not. He began to have some concept of forever, and his mind shivered as his body had when he had wakened in the cold nights and thrust his hands between his thighs to keep warm. It will be a long night, he thought.
Hannah Brencher, If You Find This Letter: My Journey to Find Purpose Through Hundreds of Letters to Strangers|Looking back, I wish that everyone could have that sort of moment: a moment where you realize that your hands are so impossibly small and this world is so impossibly big. And the two don’t seem to add up. Maybe recognizing the smallness of your own hands is just the very first step to changing anything at all.
Harold Klemp, The Road to Spiritual Freedom, Mahanta Transcripts, Book 17|In Eckankar, we teach Soul Travel. This is one of the aspects of the teachings of the Holy Spirit. Soul Travel simply means the ability to travel as Soul.
Christopher Hitchens, god is Not Great: How Religion Poisons Everything|Many religions now come before us with ingratiating smirks and outspread hands, like an unctuous merchant in a bazaar. They offer consolation and solidarity and uplift, competing as they do in a marketplace. But we have a right to remember how barbarically they behaved when they were strong and were making an offer that people could not refuse.
VicDo|The key to a good life is to balance the good and evil rather than trying to get rid of all evils because if you get rid of all your evils, you would also lose all your desire and ability to do good. In other words, you become neutral like neutron and become useless for the self and the society.
Erri De Luca, Tre cavalli|Do you really know yourself so well or are you making it up?' she asks. Some things I concoct, some I glean from my senses, most I thirst for.
Alice Hoffman, The Dovekeepers|LIfe is just a game of chance, a dance with fate if you let it be so. Or you could chose to play by your rules to win.
Timothy S. George, Minamata: Pollution and the Struggle for Democracy in Postwar Japan|If you believe in democracy, make arrangements to distribute property as widely as possible.
Gena Showalter, Beauty Awakened|What I've learned over the years is that people shouldn't be defined by a single mistake. Everyone messes up," she said. "You have to forgive yourself and move one.
Katerina Stoykova Klemer, The Porcupine of Mind|Unforgiveness,splinter in your breastbone, lives there lodged like a small tree.Withers in winter, looms in spring. Its fruit is sweet on first bite, then turns into the taste of your own flesh.
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|Thought awareness is the first step in the process of managing negative thoughts, as you cannot manage thoughts that you are unaware of.
Anaïs Nin|Each contact with a human being is so rare, so precious, one should preserve it.
Sinclair Lewis, It Can't Happen Here|Naked greed has been the moving spirit of civilization from the first day of its existence to the present time; wealth, more wealth, and wealth again; wealth not of society, but of this shabby individual was its sole and determining aim.
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|Longing for something fresh, for something no one else has said often leads to bad exegesis.
Mehmet Murat ildan|In life, there are many hills and valleys to pass and you cannot avoid them! The most important thing you need is to know this: You must pass them!
Baltasar Gracián, The Art of Worldly Wisdom|Cunning grows in deceit at seeing itself discovered, and tries to deceive with truth itself.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Positive attitude, positive outlook and positive self-esteem!
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Midnight at the Electric|I think that's what you say when you can't have something you want, isn't it? You say you don't want it in the first place.
Ludwig van Beethoven|Don’t only practice your art, but force your way into its secrets, for it and knowledge can raise men to the divine.
Sandy Nathan, Numenon|I knew I wasn't the picture of health, but I didn't think I was headed for the last roundup.
Heather K. O'Hara, The Path of Songs: A Gift for the Soul|Celebrate one soul, touch one heart, light one lamp; and the whole universe moves.
Dan Smith, The State of the World Atlas|As we encounter each other, we see our diversity — of background, race, ethnicity, belief – and how we handle that diversity will have much to say about whether we will in the end be able to rise successfully to the great challenges we face today.
Lawrence Lessig, Free Culture: The Nature and Future of Creativity|Democracy in America was never the same as Liberty in Europe. In Europe Liberty was a great life-throb. But in America Democracy was always something anti-life. The greatest democrats, like Abraham Lincoln, had always a sacrificial, self-murdering note in their voices. American Democracy was a form of self-murder, always. Or of murdering somebody else... The love, the democracy, the floundering into lust, is a sort of by-play. The essential American soul is hard, isolate, stoic, and a killer. It has never yet melted.
John Green|Well, here at last, dear friends, on the shores of the Sea comes the end of our fellowship in Middle-earth. Go in peace! I will not say: do not weep; for not all tears are an evil.
Tom Brady|Musclemen grow on trees. They can tense their muscles and look good in a mirror. So what? I'm interested in practical strength that's going to help me run, jump, twist, punch.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge, The Rime of the Ancient Mariner and Other Poems|Down dropt the breeze, the sails dropt down, 'Twas sad as sad could be; And we did speak only to break The silence of the sea! All in a hot and copper sky, The bloody Sun, at noon, Right up above the mast did stand, No bigger than the Moon. Day after day, day after day, We stuck, nor breath nor motion; As idle as a painted ship Upon a painted ocean.
Elaine Chao|I think for any small business that's bootstrapped, the overwhelming challenge initially is getting to positive cash flow.
Debasish Mridha|If you love without judging anyone, you create your own heaven on this magnificent earth.
Karen Mosquera|Decision, Decision, Decision!Choices, Choices, Choice.!Decision and choices define life.
Ken Kesey, One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest|I'd think, maybe he truly is something extraordinary. He's what he is, that's it. Maybe that makes him strong enough, being what he is.
Jackie Mason|I have enough money to last me the rest of my life, unless I buy something.
Lecturing is a type of art.|When we try to slow things down, it tries to run ahead of us. When we try to fast forward it, it holds us back. Einstein was probably right about it, time IS elastic. One pull at it and it will snap back onto you.
Jennifer Lynch, SHADES OF KEFALONIA: Meditations|Indigo, the deep blue contains an abundance of sapphires shining their light through the density, awakening and stirring our consciousness. In the daylight the sea will change, but for now it remains mysterious, obtainable through our imagination.
Kiera Cass, The Siren|It was a clear, black morning, encrusted with stars.
Omar El Akkad, American War|What is the first anesthetic?Wealth.And if I take your wealth?Necessities.And if I demolish your home, burn your fields?Acknowledgement.And if I make it taboo to sympathize with your plight?Family.And if I kill your family?God.And God......Hasn't said a word in two thousand years. (136)
Novak Djokovic|I think violence, cynicism, brutality and fashion are the staples of our diet. I think in the grand history of story-telling, going back to people sitting around fires, the dark side of human nature has always been very important. Movies are part of that tradition.
J. Ross Clara, Citations: A Brief Anthology|Hey Circe, how come your horoscope predictions are never that a hot girl is gonna fall madly in love with me forever and ever?”“Uh, cause you're a dork Seth!” She taunted.“Oh yeah,” Seth said happily smiling at her. “That explains the devastating loneliness and constant abuse by alpha males…
Julia Peterkin, Collected Short Stories of Julia Peterkin|For the rest, silence or good music, not much food, a lot of solitude, walks on the Heath, the time to think while others... well, often fall apart. Not so bad, not so bad at all. Being queer and self-sufficient is the best present at this season.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Nothing that remains static is truly ever alive. Nature does not abide idleness. All energy sources of the natural world and the cosmos are in a constant motion, they are in a perpetual state of fluctuation. All forms of living must make allowances for the seasons of change. The Earth itself is twirling through space, spinning on its axis analogous to a child’s top. The unpredictable forces of instability brought about by a combination of motion, change, and flux propels the miraculous dynamism of existence.
Laurie Halse Anderson|Aaah, summer - that long anticipated stretch of lazy, lingering days, free of responsibility and rife with possibility. It's a time to hunt for insects, master handstands, practice swimming strokes, conquer trees, explore nooks and crannies, and make new friends.
Nick Alexander, The Case of the Missing Boyfriend|Because the human experience involves loss, we need to feel it, express it, and then release it. Only then do we achieve healing.
Ann Brashares, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants|Maybe the truth is, there's a little bit of loser in all of us. Being happy isn't having everything in your life be perfect. Maybe it's about stringing together all the little things.
Debasish Mridha|Everything you do, do with love.
Anurag Kashyap|All brands, whether high-ticket luxury ones such as Cartier or Rolls-Royce or 'masstige' ones with luxe-y overtones but altogether more affordable, all want to grow. Even brands that may have started in a modestly niche design and lifestyle fashion can find themselves under pressure to go global or to sell out at the top.
Geraldine Brooks, Caleb's Crossing|Does any woman ever count the grains of her harvest and say: Good enough? Or does one always think of what more one might have laid in, had the labor been harder, the ambition more vast, the choices more sage?
P.G. Wodehouse, The Code of the Woosters|I could see that, if not actually disgruntled, he was far from being gruntled.
Robin Hobb, Assassin's Fate|His face was so ravaged, it was like looking at death itself. Except for the smooth, silvered part of it. By creeping degrees, his human hand lifted. He turned it over, showing a bloody palm. His cracked lips moved. Beloved.He could not say the word, but I knew it. So did his Fool.
Charles Grandison Finney, The Circus of Dr. Lao|Always remember, a cat looks down on man, a dog looks up to man, but a pig will look man right in the eye and see his equal.
Nate Ragolia, There You Feel Free|Cheap things are real. Cheap things are accessible. Cheap things are made for us because we don’t have any money, and even though we’d like to think we’ll have it someday, we know we don’t now.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|I invented adventures for myself and made up a life, so as at least to live in some way.
Merrie Haskell, The Princess Curse|You know, sarcasm is the lowest form of wit.''And yet it is still extremely funny.
Marian Keyes|Honestly, if you're looking for love and you're not too choosy, hang around a hardware store fingering screws.
Rachael Wade, Declaration|My heart and my cock seemed to like the idea, and Whitney made me a slave to both, so my wits were outnumbered.
Christopher Lee|Too many people chase dreams that they don't understand. Too many people try to go for things that they'd like to do, but they're not realistic enough to know they don't have the talent.
Rémy de Gourmont, The Angels of Perversity|There is only one class of men, the privileged class
Jane Fonda|The reality is sobering: in the United States one in three girls will become pregnant before age 20, totaling more than 750,000 girls per year.
Jill Shalvis, Lost and Found Sisters|I’m not letting you go, Fallon.”Her throat seized at his words. “Brad—““You don’t have to say anything. “I’m just laying it out there.
January Jones|I used to work all the time, and now if there is a wedding, there's a concert, I'm there.
Kamaran Ihsan Salih, Latest Proverbs|Commit your work to the Lord, and then your plans will succeed.” (Proverbs 16:3).
Anthony J. Saunders|Nature has granted man no better gift than the shortness of life. The senses grow dull, the limbs are numb, sight, bearing, gait, even the teeth and alimentary organs die before we do, and yet this period is reckoned a portion of life." - Pg. 82
Marquita Burke-DeJesus, Radically Ordinary|Suffering reminds us of our brokenness, our humanity. It disarms us of our self-absorption and magnifies our need for one another.
Tom Baker|It sounds a bit sad, but my new hobby is knitting. I love it. I find it really relaxing.
Warder C. Allee, The Social Life Of Animals|He was king, if he didn’t have enemies he wasn’t doing it right.
Dr. Seuss|I had eight brothers and sisters. Every Christmas my younger brother Bobby would wake up extra early and open everybody's presents - everybody's - so by the time the rest of us got up, all the gifts were shredded, ribbons off, torn open and thrown aside.
Fred Durst|I love text, I love email, I love Skype; I think it's amazing.
Amit Kalantri|Saying "thank you" signifies sense of gratitude, but it also implies your incapability.
Karen Chance, Fury's Kiss|Dorina?" Louis Cesare's voice was loud in my ear. The one I had squeezed against thephone, which was squeezed against my sore shoulder, becuase I was using both hands tokeep Ray's point in his pants."The fey, damm it!" I told him. "They're for the fey!""Which one?" Louis Cesare asked, his voice going velvety soft."All of them- No Ray! Ray, cut it out!""All of them?
Whoopi Goldberg|Family, nature and health all go together.
Nora Ephron|There is such an advantage to self-releasing. If you can do it yourself, it's the best way to go. In Europe and the rest of world outside the U.S., I have licensed my music to labels. But it's amazing because I still own all the masters. I didn't have to give up any of those rights. I have 100 percent creative control.
Vironika Tugaleva|The most profound personal growth does not happen while reading a book or meditating on a mat. It happens in the throes of conflict—when you are angry, afraid, frustrated. It happens when you are doing the same old thing and you suddenly realize that you have a choice.
William Sutcliffe, Are You Experienced?|University of Life. Year One - Advance Adventure Playgrounds. Part One Exam - go to the Third World and survive. No revision, interest, intellect or sensitivity required.
Aasif Mandvi|If dysfunction means that a family doesn't work, then every family ambles into some arena in which that happens, where relationships get strained or even break down entirely. We fail each other or disappoint each other. That goes for parents, siblings, kids, marriage partners - the whole enchilada.
Karl Ove Knausgård, My Struggle: Book 1|Asbjørn had a nose, that was his great talent, I had never met anyone with such sureness of taste as him, but what use was it, part from being the hub student life revolved around? The essence of a nose is judgment, to judge you have to stand outside, and that is not where creativity takes place.
Michael Hayden|I was an intelligence officer for what was then 8th Air Force, B-52 Air Force.
Love The Stacks Bookstore|Lost: The common sense of an unconventional dreamer. If found, please return to Love The Stacks.
Nazanin Boniadi|The acid test of any legal system is not the greatness or the grandeur of its ideal concepts, but whether, in fact, it is able to produce order and justice.
Robert Anton Wilson|Whenever people are certain they understand our peculiar situation here on this planet, it is because they have accepted a religious Faith or a secular Ideology (Ideologies are the modern form of Faiths) and just stopped thinking.
Kaui Hart Hemmings, The Descendants|He promised us that everything would be OK. I was a child, but I knew that everything would not be OK. That did not make my father a liar. It made him my father.
Naguib Mahfouz, Palace Walk|Don't go back over the past. Let it depart, never to return.
Amelia Grey, An Earl to Enchant|Jenna can't hear us, she's blind
Lucius Annaeus Seneca|A broken bone can heal, but the wound a word opens can fester forever.
D.R. Silva, It's All About Jesus: What They Never Told You in Church|Make no mistake, sin has been dealt with once for all, and we are as close to Him as we will ever be.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Under a bad leadership Serbs are capable of committing the most terrible atrocities; under good leaders we can do great deeds. It's like a field - if it's not cared for, the weeds will take over. But if you tend it, water and feed the seeds, you will read a bountiful harvest. Serbs are lazy, we lack discipline and have no capacity for self-criticism." With Their Backs to the World
Charles Horton Cooley|I always thought when I hit 50 years old that'd be it for the travel. I don't have to tell you - you wait at an airport, your flight's delayed, get on a 14-hour flight, get off, get stuck in traffic, you get to the hotel and the room service is closed.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|Elodin pointed down the street. "What color is that boy's shirt?""Blue.""What do you mean by blue? Describe it."I struggled for a moment, failed. "So blue is a name?""It is a word. Words are pale shadows of forgotten names. As names have power, words have power. Words can light fires in the minds of men. Words can wring tears from the hardest hearts. There are seven words that will make a person love you. There are ten words that will break a strong man's will. But a word is nothing but a painting of a fire. A name is the fire itself."My head was swimming by this point. "I still don't understand."He laid a hand on my shoulder. "Using words to talk of words is like using a pencil to draw a picture of itself, on itself. Impossible. Confusing. Frustrating." He lifted his hands high above his head as if stretching for the sky. "But there are other ways to understanding!" he shouted, laughing like a child. He threw both arms to the cloudless arch of sky above us, still laughing. "Look!" he shouted tilting his head back. "Blue! Blue! Blue!
L. Frank Baum, Rinkitink in Oz|For every remote miss who becomes stronger, there are countless near misses who are crushed by what they have been through. There are times and places, however, when all of us depend on people who have been hardened by their experiences.
Marcha A. Fox, Beyond the Hidden Sky|Fiction writers, at least in their braver moments, do desire the truth: to know it, speak it, serve it. But they go about it in a peculiar and devious way, which consists in inventing persons, places, and events which never did and never will exist or occur, and telling about these fictions in detail and at length and with a great deal of emotion, and then when they are done writing down this pack of lies, they say,There! That's the truth!
Salla Simukka, As White as Snow|Longing was a feeling that was hard to live with. It didn’t ask permission. It didn’t pay attention to time or place. It was overwhelming and demanding, grasping and selfish. It clouded thoughts or made them too bright, too sharp. Longing demanded unconditional surrender. Lumikki tried to fight it and failed. She didn’t want to long and yet she longed. She didn’t want to remember, and yet her dreams and her body remembered, reminding her constantly.The longing was physical. It was dizziness. It was a seizing in her belly. It was the need to wrap her arms around herself alone in bed when there was no one else to do it for her. She felt the longing in her fingertips that yearned to stroke, to touch, to caress. The longing made her fingers restless, fiddling with the zipper of her jacket, the strings in her hoodie, fidgeting with whatever little thing happened to her hand. The longing made her teeth bite into her lower lip, leaving it chipped and almost bleeding. She knew she was being stupid. She knew her longing was pointless.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|When I was young, I used to watch a lot of old movies and read a lot of books, and I was always amazed at how every one of them had some helpless damsel who was oh so happy to fall into the hero’s arms, and I’m not that kind of girl"- Yvonne
Douglas Coupland|It is the very people who no one imagines anything of, who do the things that no one can imagine
Jonathan Clark|Honour to Agamemnon is a thing / That he can pick, pick up, put back, pick up again, / A somesuch you might find beneath your bed.
Kim Fielding, Brute|That’s no little kid. That’s Jason Steed, the biggest damn hero you will ever see!
Luce Irigaray, This Sex Which Is Not One|Your body expresses yesterday in what it wants today. If you think: yesterday I was, tomorrow I shall be, you are thinking: I have died a little. Be what you are becoming, without clinging to what you might have been, what you might yet be. Never settle. Leave definitiveness to the undecided; we don't need it.
Lisa Scottoline|In regards to The Haunting, people compared it to the old movie, which is unfair. We didn't have the rights to the movie. I couldn't duplicate a single thing because that would have been legal infringement.
Karl Taro Greenfeld, Triburbia|We sat like that for a long while, and when we stood up, all my sad things were in boxes, and Beck was my father.
Patrick Dennis, Auntie Mame|Oh, darling, you know we writers must occasionally stretch a point to heighten the dramatic situation. 
Dorothy L. Sayers|this is the weakness of most 'edifying' or 'propaganda' literature. There is no diversity...You cannot, in fact, give God His due without giving the devil his due also.
Wendy Mogel, The Blessing of a Skinned Knee: Using Jewish Teachings to Raise Self-Reliant Children|The sages advise us to study Torah lishma-"for its own sake" rather than to impress others with our scholarship. A paradox of parenting is that if we love our children for their own sake rather than for their achievements, it's more likely that they will reach their true potential.
Lauren Oliver, Liesl & Po|Of all the miracles Po had seen in the time and space of its death, Po thought this--the absorption of another, the carrying of it--was the most bewildering and remarkable of all. Whenever Bundle separated again, Po was left with an ache of sadness that reminded the ghost of the body it had left behind.
Irvin D. Yalom, Momma and the Meaning of Life: Tales of Psychotherapy|I explain to my patients that abused children often find it hard to disentangle themselves from their dysfunctional families, whereas children grow away from good, loving parents with far less conflict. After all, isn't that the task of a good parent, to enable the child to leave home?
Kou Yoneda, Twittering Birds Never Fly, Vol.1|She disliked him more for having mastered her inner will. How dared he say that he would love her still, even though she shook him off with contempt? She wished she had spoken more - stronger. Sharp, decisive speeches came thronging to her mind, now that it was too late to utter them. The deep impression made by the interview was like that of a horror in a dream; that will not leave the room although we waken up, and rub our eyes, and force a stiff rigid smile upon our lips. It is there - there, cowering and gibbering, with fixed ghastly eyes, in some corner of the chamber, listening to hear whether we dare to breathe of its presence to anyone. And we dare not; poor cowards that we are!
Nichole Chase, Suddenly Royal|I might love my e-reader, but I'd never pass up the chance to browse real books.
Kayla Krantz, The Council|I'm my own person, and in that I'm unique. Pain, anguish, those are all just part of the experience. The more you go through, the stronger you become.
Karen Essex, Pharaoh|The weather gods are toying with us." - Dr. James Stagg
Tahar Mtibaa|For a man he get his own ship and his own strong wind, but he cannot stop missing all the passing breezes that never come again.
Moza bint Nasser|In a democracy, if you don't get the votes, nothing else is possible, no matter how wonderful your dreams.
Adam Smith|Expand the definition of 'reading' to include non-fiction, humor, graphic novels, magazines, action adventure, and, yes, even websites. It's the pleasure of reading that counts; the focus will naturally broaden. A boy won't read shark books forever.
Victoria H. Smith, The Crimson Hunt|That's when I caught my first glimpse of Blaine Crabtree. He was sandwiched in between two guys that were laughing at who knows what. At first I didn't notice anything but a big mop of bleached blonde hair, then he looked up from his pack of cloves and I was locked into the bluest eyes that I had ever seen. His expression didn't change, he didn't smile and didn't blink. It seemed like I was lost in his eyes, like he was using them to do the most calculated math problem, and that math problem was me.
Thomas Ades, Thomas Adès: Full of Noises: Conversations with Tom Service|Plenty of masterpieces are just one cliché after another, Mozart for example, but that's quite natural, because if you think about it, two clichés that have met one another can beget the most original and profound effect.
M.A. George, Relativity|You get a kick out of shocking the pants off me, don’t you?” I shook my head with a smirk.He just shrugged with a playful smile, his eyes momentarily flitting toward my pants before returning to meet my gaze.“It’s an expression,” I rolled my eyes. “Don’t tell me you aren’t familiar with it, Mr. Smarty Pants.”“You have quite a repertoire of ‘pants’ references, don’t you?
Raheel Farooq|Religion has clearly performed great services for human civilization. It has contributed much towards the taming of the asocial instincts. But not enough. It has ruled human society for many thousands of years and has had time to show what it can achieve. If it had succeeded in making the majority of mankind happy, in comforting them, in reconciling them to life and in making them into vehicles of civilization, no one would dream of attempting to alter the existing conditions. But what do we see instead? We see that an appallingly large number of people are dissatisfied with civilization and unhappy in it, and feel it as a yoke which must be shaken off; and that these people either do everything in their power to change that civilization, or else go so far in their hostility to it that they will have nothing to do with civilization or with a restriction of instinct. At this point it will be objected against us that this state of affairs is due to the very fact that religion has lost a part of its influence over human masses precisely because of the deplorable effect of the advances of science. We will note this admission and the reason given for it, and we shall make use of it later for our own purposes; but the objection itself has no force.It is doubtful whether men were in general happier at a time when religious doctrines held unrestricted sway; more moral they certainly were not. They have always known how to externalize the precepts of religion and thus to nullify their intentions. The priests, whose duty it was to ensure obedience to religion, met them half-way in this. God's kindness must lay a restraining hand on His justice. One sinned, and then one made a sacrifice or did penance and then one was free to sin once more. Russian introspectiveness has reached the pitch of concluding that sin is indispensable for the enjoyment of all the blessings of divine grace, so that, at bottom, sin is pleasing to God. It is no secret that the priests could only keep the masses submissive to religion by making such large concessions as these to the instinctual nature of man. Thus it was agreed: God alone is strong and good, man is weak and sinful. In every age immorality has found no less support in religion than morality has. If the achievements of religion in respect to man’s happiness, susceptibility to culture and moral control are no better than this, the question cannot but arise whether we are not overrating its necessity for mankind, and whether we do wisely in basing our cultural demands upon it.
Christine E. Schulze, The Hero of 1000 Years|Suddenly, something fluttered down from the nest to rest at Chasmira's feet. She picked it up- A phoenix father.It glistened in the sunlight, and tracing her fingers along its edges, she marveled at its soft and delicate touch.Extending it to Aaron, she said quietly, "They say a phoenix feather is a symbol of everlasting friendship.
Robert Wringham, Escape Everything!: Escape From Work. Escape From Consumerism. Escape From Despair.|Reading is important. It’s not primarily escapism (though it can be, and there’s nothing wrong with some of that in good measure) and it’s not primarily a way of passing the time. Reading is important to the good life because it stokes the furnaces of our intellect, allows us to expand our understanding of the universe, both inner and outer, for practical gain and simple pleasure. It can induce awe, inspire respect, excite, piss off, and intrigue. These are things that make life worth living.
Deeba Salim Irfan|You make the world come alive. You make the world colorful. You are the inspiration behind all that happens. You are the pillar of strength to many around you, the centrifugal force of your own little world, called family. I love being a women and celebrate being one everyday, hope you all do too!! And to all those who battle their various circumstances, the hurdles, the sacrifices and the compromises they make, wish them all inner strength! Happy Women's Day!
Penelope Fitzgerald|But time given to wishing for what can't be is not only spent, but wasted, and for all that we waste we shall be accountable.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|The desert at night was black and a strange madder-tinted silver; the sky was black, and the great contorted cliffs, and the vast expanses of sand that stretched out in all directions. But the red moon cast a pale crimson-tinged luminescence over everything, and far above the stars were glittering points of silver.
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|Conscience, Christ, and the gift of faith make evil men uneasy in their sin. They feel that if they could drive Christ from the earth, they would be free from "moral inhibitions." They forget that it is their own nature and conscience which makes them feel that way. Being unable to drive God from the heavens, they would drive his ambassadors from the earth. In a lesser sphere, that is why many men sneer at virtue--because it makes vice uncomfortable.
Charlotte Perkins Gilman, The Yellow Wall-Paper|I am glad my case is not serious! But these nervous troubles are dreadfully depressing. John does not know how much I really suffer. He knows there is no reason to suffer, and that satisfies him.
Joel Edgerton|If someone lies, well, you had a choice to trust that person or not. I think the way my father raised me, well, he trusted everybody. And that worked for him.
Geraldine Brooks, People of the Book|You know that your church has always taken a view on these matters very different from ours, from the day that the first printing press was assembled. Your church did not want your holy scriptures in the hands of ordinary people. We felt differently. To us, printing was an avokat ha kodesh, a holy work. Some rabbis even likened the press to an altar. We call it 'writing with many pens' and saw it as furthering the spread of the word that began with Moses on Mount Sinai. So, my good father, you go and write the order to burn that book, as your church requires of you. And I will say nothing to the printing house, as my conscience requires of me. Censura praevia or censura repressiva, the effect is the same. Either way, a book is destroyed. Better you do it than have us so intellectually enslaved that we do it for you.
Judith Martin|You must pay the penalty of growing-up, Paul. You must leave fairyland behind you.
Lauren Slater, The $60,000 Dog: My Life with Animals|I didn't know then that the mind, like the earth, has several layers: a crust, a mantle, a boiling core.
Chris Matakas|One of the reasons I decided to enter this profession," one of the Riot Librarrrians wrote, "was because I'm in love with information, and the library remains one of the few spaces in our lives where information is not a commodity.... There's a subversive element to librarianship that I adore.
Willa Strayhorn, The Way We Bared Our Souls|We think we should have to work in order to feel. We want to have our cake resist us; and then we want to eat it, too.
Tom Perrotta, Little Children|To be alive was to be disappointed. You tried and failed and kept on trying, never knowing whether you'd ever get what you wanted. But sometimes we get what we need.
Beth Ditto|I am lucky to have had an attentive, curious and loving dad and heart-smart, down-to-earth, gifted mother. They changed the outlooks of their own lives and have never forgotten the people and organizations that helped them dream bigger than their circumstances should have allowed.
Stephen King, The Running Man|Valuables. That was a hot one, Richards thought, unbuttoning his shirt. He had an empty wallet with a few pictures of Sheila and Cathy, a receipt for a shoe sole he had replaced at the local cobbler's six months ago, a keyring with no keys on it except for the doorkey, a baby sock that he did not remember putting in there, and the package of Blams he had gotten from the machine.
Jean Craighead George|Then stirs the feeling infinite, so felt In solitude, where we are least alone.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|the fundamental question Juvenile Court was designed to ask - What's the best way to deal with this individual kid? - is often lost in the process, replaced by a point system that opens the door, or locks it, depending on the qualities of the crime, not the child.
Swami Dhyan Giten|Only if we live consciously, we can die consciously.
Marquis De Lafayette|There are two methods, or means, and only two, whereby man's needs and desires can be satisfied. One is the production and exchange of wealth; this is the economic means. The other is the uncompensated appropriation of wealth produced by others; this is the political means.
Roshan Sharma|In the external reality, an action is required for the manifestation, but in the internal reality, all you need is your presence. Just with the inner presence, things begin to unfold.
Nikita Dudani|Lack of confidence in yourself,Can allow your enemies to hurt you easily.
Unarine Ramaru|Everyone is born with an instinct of success, and ability to make it, but only the ones who think out of the box succeed.
Cassandra Clare, Welcome to Shadowhunter Academy|That stranger handed me a letter written in my beloved's tears. I opened it, and the letters faded away just like his love for me.
Judas Iscariot The Flight of the Feathered Serpent|A risk to own anything: a car, a pair of shoes, a packet of cigarettes. Not enough to go around, not enough cars, shoes, cigarettes. Too many people, too few things. What there is must go into circulation, so that everyone can have a chance to be happy for a day. That is the theory; hold to the theory and to the comforts of theory. Not human evil, just a vast circulatory system, to whose workings pity and terror are irrelevant. That is how one must see life in this country: in its schematic aspect. Otherwise one could go mad. Cars, shoes; women too. There must be some niche in the system for women and what happens to them.
Brian Greene|Here they were, on the only planetary surface on which you could walk freely, naked to the wind and the sun, and when they had a choice, they sat in boxes and stared at littler boxes, just as if they had no choice-as if they were in a space station-
Joan Miró|I try to apply colors like words that shape poems, like notes that shape music. 
Idries Shah, Sufi Thought and Action|People who cannot trust are themselves not trustworthy, and therefore cannot be entrusted with important things.
Maria V. Snyder, Outside In|That night as I lay in bed, I thought of several things I could have said and mourned the fact that my wit usually bloomed late, peaking when it no longer mattered, during the solitary hours close to midnight.
Wendell Berry|We Americans are not usually thought to be a submissive people, but of course we are. Why else would we allow our country to be destroyed? Why else would we be rewarding its destroyers? Why else would we all — by proxies we have given to greedy corporations and corrupt politicians — be participating in its destruction? Most of us are still too sane to piss in our own cistern, but we allow others to do so and we reward them for it. We reward them so well, in fact, that those who piss in our cistern are wealthier than the rest of us.How do we submit? By not being radical enough. Or by not being thorough enough, which is the same thing.
J.M. Sandler, Caspian Diary|The line between the allure of liberty and the menace of of anarchy is often blurred." From: Caspian Diary
Magan Vernon, The Only Exception|Why do you do that?” Torrin’s voice echoes in the empty hall. His hand is holding my arm gently, not at all like Derek does. I can’t have this. I can’t. I shouldn’t have ever come here with him. I draw in a shaky breath and pull my arm away.  “Do what?” “Walk away every time I ask you something personal?” I stare hard at him. “Why do you do that? He blinks. “Huh?” “Ask so many questions.” His mouth drops open and closes and five long seconds pass before he says, “It’s what people do, Quinn. When they’re getting to know each other.”  I shake my head and spin toward the door.  “You don’t want to get to know me.
Katlyn Charlesworth, Where Men Sit|As with most dreams of men, the ideal becomes just that––an ideal––and the pure rationale of existence is thrust upon the best of the dreamers.
René Descartes, Rules for the Direction of the Mind|You ask a lot of questions, don't you?" "My brother always says curiosity is my besetting sin.
Eduardo Galeano, Soccer in Sun and Shadow|The StadiumHave you ever entered an empty stadium? Try it. Stand in the middle of the field and listen. There is nothing less empty than an empty stadium. There is nothing less mute than stands bereft of spectators.At Wembley, shouts from the 1966 World Cup, which England won, still resound, and if you listen very closely you can hear groans from 1953 when England fell to the Hungarians. Montevideo’s Centenario Stadium sighs with nostalgia for the glory days of Uruguayan soccer. Maracanã is still crying over Brazil’s 1950 World Cup defeat. At Bombonera in Buenos Aires, drums boom from half a century ago. From the depths of Azteca Stadium, you can hear the ceremonial chants of the ancient Mexican ball game. The concrete terraces of Camp Nou in Barcelona speak Catalan, and the stands of San Mamés in Bilbao talk in Basque. In Milan, the ghosts of Giuseppe Meazza scores goals that shake the stadium bearing his name. The final match of the 1974 World Cup, won by Germany, is played day after day and night after night at Munich’s Olympic Stadium. King Fahd Stadium in Saudi Arabia has marble and gold boxes and carpeted stands, but it has no memory or much of anything to say.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you dare take the challenge, you will possess the courage to conquer.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|Pride gets no pleasure out of having something, only out of having more of it than the next man... It is the comparison that makes you proud: the pleasure of being above the rest. Once the element of competition is gone, pride is gone.
Jamie Oliver|Satan, really, is the romantic youth of Jesus re-appearing for a moment.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If I have found my journey to be a maddening tangle of wandering ‘rabbit-trails,’ a labyrinth of incessantly circular passages to nowhere and back, and a plethora of assorted ‘dead-ends’ fraudulently disguised as paths of great promise, it can only be because I have mindlessly exchanged God’s compass for mine. Therefore, it would appear that another exchange might be in order.
Thomas Sydenham|...that the doctor being himself a mortal man, should be diligent and tender in relieving his suffering patients, inasmuch as he himself must one day be a like sufferer.
N.R. Walker, Spencer Cohen, Book One|My tattoos, like most people's, were reminders, badges of personal experiences. Yes, I might wear them on my skin for the world to see, but their meaning was a little too personal.
Carol Burnett|Humor has bailed me out of more tight situations than I can think of. If you go with your instincts and keep your humor, creativity follows. With luck, success comes, too.
J.V. Hart|I will hunt you down. I will scour the streets of Los Angeles for you. Search every street in the Republic if I have to. I will trick you and deceive you, lie, cheat and steal to find you, tempt you out of your hiding place, and chase you until you have nowhere else to run. I make you this promise: your life is mine.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Wicked|If we die for them, Harry, I'm going to KILL YOU!
Simon Pegg, Nerd Do Well|You want to know what I believe? I believe in fate, but I also believe in free will. Meaning, there's a path, but we're free to veer away from it. The only problem is that there's no way to know whose path we're following on any given moment. Our own? Our fate's? Other people are on their on paths, too. What happens when we intersect? What happens when someone else wipes our path clean, and we're left with no road to follow? Is that fate? Is that when free will kicks in? Is the path there, but invisible?Who the hell knows?
Bradley B. Dalina|Truth is its own defense, therefore if something can’t speak for itself, it’s not truth.
Eric Samuel Timm, Static Jedi: The Art of Hearing God Through the Noise|Our bodies are simply our shells, the package for the spirit and the soul.
Joe Hill|Without her, part of my soul was missing. My heart had left with her, when she moved with Henry here, putting half the planet between us, making me wait for the rare phone calls.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|The greatest love stories are not those in which love is only spoken, but those in which it is acted upon.
Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio|If the money we donate helps one child or can ease the pain of one parent, those funds are well spent.
Ernest Dimnet|Since we cannot know all that there is to be known about anything, we ought to know a little about everything.
Woody Allen|I love nature, I just don't want to get any of it on me.
Amy Klobuchar|I can't be a hypocrite as a coach because as a player that's what I wanted. I wanted feedback, I wanted communication from the boss. I showed up for work, you can yell at me if you want, but I want input. So that's the kind of coach I want to be.
Julian Barnes|When you are in your twenties, even if you're confused and uncertain about your aims and purposes, you have a strong sense of what life itself is, and of what you in life are, and might become. Later... later there is uncertainty, more overlapping, more backtracking, more false memories. Back then, you can remember your short life in its entirety. Later, the memory becomes a thing of shreds and patches. It's a bit like the black box airplanes carry to record what happens in a crash. If nothing goes wrong, the tape erases itself. So if you do crash, it's obvious why you did; if you don't, then the log of your journey is much less clear.
Catherine Anderson, Phantom Waltz|What was she thinking? Tarnished Silver? Brother. He probably practiced that smoldering look in the mirror so all women within a mile would fall over like nine pins when he smiled. Well, count her out. He was mouthwatering to look at, but so was cheesecake, and cheesecake was a heck of a lot safer.
Amy Harmon, From Sand and Ash|We are at war. War has a way of stripping us of perspective. War is about life and death, and it paints everything in shades of now or never.
Sam Yagan|I put my family first, and that's why for a long time, you didn't see me dating or hear about me dating or hear about me out. I had other focuses in my life, and that would be my family and my work.
Neil Armstrong|Well first of all, tell me, is there some society you know of that doesn't run on greed? You think Russia doesn't run on greed? You think China doesn't run on greed? What is greed?
Jorge Luis Borges|Reading . . . is an activity subsequent to writing: more resigned, more civil, more intellectual.
Donna Augustine, Fated|For all that my co-workers put such stock in not being a transfer, we had a definite edge in one area. As a human, you were born knowing that you were going to die.
Neil Patrick Harris|I just think that giving a child a chance and sharing what you have with a child is one of the greatest gifts you can give yourself, as well as a child.
Libbie Hawker, Daughter of Sand and Stone|Nafsha is so concerned with my virginity. I am beginning to think she would wed me herself. Alas, the only tool she might use to make me a woman is her tongue -- and it is far too sharp for me to allow it beneath my skirts.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|If you think you are emancipated, you might consider the idea of tasting your own menstrual blood - if it makes you sick, you've got a long way to go, baby.
Vladimir Nabokov|I have voices in my headI'm a slave to imaginary peopleI feel what they feelI experience what they experience I live in their world And I'm devoted to translating their storiesI'm not crazy, I'm a writer
Ayad Akhtar|I think that the thematic, formal history of the literary form ultimately harkens back to a different political system. That is to say, a feudal order: the aristocratic dispensation of leisure time, the refinements of the self. With the shift from feudal aristocracy to democracy there has been a long process of evolution. I think we’re in the throes of a kind of steep, logarithmic shift, and I think that literary forms are losing their capacity to connect people to issues, to the experiences that feel most meaningful to them.
Umberto Eco, Postscript to the Name of the Rose|In the Middle Ages, cathedrals and convents burned like tinder; imagining a medieval story without a fire is like imagining a World War II movie in the Pacific without a fighter plane shot down in flames.
Jess C. Scott, Take-Out, Part 1|He felt a little lost, after that experience. Lost as the girls on their knees. It was a never-ending story of young girls losing themselves, such that they were no longer humans with any souls or characters, but pretty girls with fat asses and nice tits.
Debasish Mridha|Dancing is a expression of desire, thoughts, and emotion in a distinctive way.
Clara Kensie, Aftermath|Something contracts in my chest. The air shifts, grows heavy and dense as mud. Alexa twists her hair around her finger and whispers, "Didn't you even try to escape, Charlotte?
Rebecca Rasmussen, The Bird Sisters|Bett didn't have any siblings because she said her father had preserved what was dead for too long to be able to create life. When Bet was younger and had begged for one, her father gave her a marmot he' stuffed for a man from Wyoming."This is your brother Christopher," he'd said, placing the marmot on Bett's pillow one night. "He doesn't talk much, so you'll have to pick up the slack there.
Garth Ennis, The Boys, Volume 9: The Big Ride|For the grace of bearing life's inevitable evils is itself agood, and makes goodness arise even from evils byopposing them or enduring them with courage.
Carol Lynn Pearson, The Ghost of Eternal Polygamy: Haunting the Hearts and Heaven of Mormon Women and Men|I suggest that the representation of women deserves a much higher consideration in our religious discourse. When words are presented as if they come directly from God, they can have monumental impact on our psyches, our spirits, our hearts, and our relationships. Women are given, in story at least, first place in the lifeboats, but often in more common circumstances we are consigned to the back of the bus.
Danny Castillones Sillada|There was a time when we used to have opinions, just humble opinions. Now everything seems to be a question of life and death. We defend, we abuse, we call names, we shout....is it because every idiot in town suddenly found a voice through social media or are intelligent people getting dumber trying to defend arguments which an idiot won't understand. I don't belong to either so I just wonder...
Vince Cable|Cuba ought to be free and independent, and the government should be turned over to the Cuban people.
Winston Groom, Forrest Gump|Let me say this: being an idiot is no box of chocolates. People laugh, lose patience, treat you shabby. Now they say folks supposed to be kind to the afflicted, but let me tell you this - it ain't always that way. Even so, I got no complaints, cause I reckon I done live a pretty interesting life, so to speak.
Lyn Ducoty, A Pocketful of Dreams|Johnathan had known he wouldn't be able to simply shut off his thoughts and go to sleep. His entire body - everything he could feel, at least - was like a tightly coiled spring.
Marilyn Vos Savant|To acquire knowledge, one must study;but to acquire wisdom, one must observe.
Pablo Neruda, Twenty Love Poems and a Song of Despair|Tonight I can write the saddest lines.To think that I do not have her. To feel that I have lost her.To hear the immense night, still more immense without her,And the verse falls to the snow like dew to the pasture.
Cornell Woolrich, Night and Fear: A Centenary Collection of Stories by Cornell Woolrich|The trouble with living alone, she had discovered-and the reason why most people she knew didn't like to be alone even for a little while-was that the longer you lived alone, the louder the voices on the right side of your brain got.
Debasish Mridha|To reveal your greatness, don’t wait for a great opportunity. Find a simple opportunity to care and share your great love.
Aysha Taryam, The Opposite of Indifference: A Collection of Commentaries|The lesson we are indebted to Egypt for, our future generations learned that in the face of oppression silence is never golden.
Gift Gugu Mona|Lewis's mental map of reality had difficulty accommodating the trauma of the Great War. Like so many, he found the settled way of looking at the world, taken for granted by many in the Edwardian age, to have been shattered by the most brutal and devastating war yet known." (51) Part (McGrath suggests) of Lewis's well-documented search for truth and meaning, that search that ultimately led him to Christianity, emerges from the desire to make sense of his traumatic experience in ways that satisfied him spiritually, emotionally, and intellectually.
John Warnock|If listeners aren't carried away to Heaven, I'm failing.
Robert Farrar Capon, Between Noon & Three: Romance, Law & the Outrage of Grace|... the proper self-knowledge and self-love of every created thing is ipso facto a participation in the knowledge and love of God. The entire universe moves by desire for the Highest Good simply because every part of it loves what God loves - namely, its own being.
Bertrand Russell|A child develops best when, like a young plant, he is left undisturbed in the same soil. Too much travel, too much variety of impressions, are not good for the young, and cause them as they grow up to become incapable of enduring fruitful monotony.
Rebecca York, Betrayed|How am I making you feel?”She considered the answer. “Like all my nerve endings are on fire. Like I want more, but I don’t exactly know how to ask for what I want.” She swallowed. “Or maybe I do.
Nev Schulman|There are three methods to gaining wisdom. The first is reflection, which is the highest. The second is limitation, which is the easiest. The third is experience, which is the bitterest.
Kirkland Ciccone, Conjuring the Infinite|I can hear clouds drifting across the sky! The worms beneath my feet…demand freedom from the darkness…the secret hopes of humankind…all of it trivial. I can see into other worlds…other universes…they’re calling out to me. They’ve always called to me! I never knew that until now, but now I know everything.
Michael Connelly|You know what I did after I wrote my first novel? I shut up and wrote twenty-three more.")
Karen Azinger, The Steel Queen|Seek Knowledge, Protect Knowledge, Share Knowledge.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Sometimes I reach the highest heights of hope, at other times I reach the deepest of despair. Sometimes I am happy, at other times I am sad. At some point I am a believer, and at some other time an unbeliever. Sometimes I love, some other times I hate. That’s what it means to be human.
Ice Cube|I was at art school that had quite a celebrated film course as well. I tried for that film course when I was 18, but they said I was too young. I tried this audio and visual design course instead. Two years later, I reapplied for that higher course, but they said I was still too young and to try in five years.
Thich Nhat Hanh, Peace Is Every Step: The Path of Mindfulness in Everyday Life|Whether we are in the city, the countryside, or the wilderness, we need to sustain ourselves by choosing our surroundings carefully and nourishing our awareness in each moment.
John Steinbeck, The Winter of Our Discontent|I will tell you something about stories . . . They aren't just entertainment. Don't be fooled. They are all we have, you see, all we have to fight off illness and death.
Zig Ziglar|When you really don't like a guy, they're all over you, and as soon as you act like you like them, they're no longer interested.
Daniel M. Gilbert|Beyond the satiation level of income, you can buy more pleasurable experiences, but you will lose some of your ability to enjoy the less expensive ones.
Will Durant, The Story of Philosophy: The Lives and Opinions of the World's Greatest Philosophers|We are tossed about by external causes in many ways, and like waves driven by contrary winds, we waver and are unconscious of the issue and our fate.' We think we are most ourselves when we are most passionate, whereas it is then we are most passive, caught in some ancestral torrent of impulse or feeling, and swept on to a precipitate reaction which meets only part of the situation because without thought only part of a situation can be perceived.
Zeena Schreck|Only those few who are able to surpass their fear of death completely can fully experience the highest forms of life; not the mundane life of the mortal, but the godly life of the resurrected.
Jonathan Safran Foer|Writing's funny, it's like walking down a hall in the dark looking for the light switch, and suddenly you find it, flip it on, and then you discover the hallway you passed through is papered with the novel you've written.
Jordan MacLean, Guardian Last|Work, home, or play we should all aspire to inspire everyday.
Ian Mckellen|Even now, there are young actors who want careers as romantic leading men, and the best thing is not to reveal you're gay.
Dov Seidman, How: Why How We Do Anything Means Everything...in Business|Human beings are natural problem solvers and enjoy the challenge of puzzles. We will always invent new loopholes, and no rule can govern all the cracks.
Gillian Jacobs|I had a client who was a professional baseball player once, and he would go to clubs and dance for seven, eight, nine hours at a time. He wouldn't drink, he wouldn't take drugs - he just danced because he had so much physical energy; he was this amazing athlete.
Munia Khan|If you allow coldness to engulf you before winter, season is helpless to help you.
Khuswant Singh, Train To Pakistan|There is no crime in anyone’s blood any more than there is goodness in the blood of others. Criminals are not born. They are made by hunger, want and injustice.
Ernest Cline, Ready Player One|It suddenly occurred to me just how absurd this scene was: a guy wearing a suit of armor, standing next to an undead king, both hunched over the controls of a classic arcade game. It was the sort of surreal image you'd expect to see on the cover of an old issue of Heavy Metal or Dragon magazine.
Anthony Bourdain|I always thought I'd make a good parent, but I was single and led a solitary life for many, many years. Then I met David, and he had experience with kids and wanted to have a family, too.
P. J. O'Rourke|My mum passing away wasn't funny, but that funeral and what I went through, the things that happened, looking back at it, there were funny moments. You have to be strong enough to look back at it, to sit and assess the situation.
Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory|Relationships tend to be flawed because they are made up of inherently flawed components, mere human beings.
Dora J. Arod, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you. You were an escalator, and I was a flight of stairs. You thought I was a Luddite, and I thought I was as ostrich, because I hadn’t figured out how to put the fly in flight. One day you broke down, and then you saw that you and I weren’t so different after all.
Fred Nour, True Love: How to Use Science to Understand Love|If I can’t picture it, I can’t understand it.
Elyne Mitchell, Silver Brumby Kingdom|I? I am the wind,’ said Thowra. ‘I come, I pass, and I am gone.’ The strange feathers moved up and down, the strange voice said tartly: ‘And are your sons the same?’ ‘My son is the lightning that strikes through the black night. My grandson is light that pierces the dark sky at dawning.’ ‘Ah,’ said the first emu, ‘and we know your daughter is the snow that falls softly from above and clothes the world in white. You want but the rainbow — that is and was and never will be, and is yet the promise of life — and the glittering ice which is there and is gone: then you and your family will possess all magic.
A.S. Peterson, Fiddler's Green|The gods are just, and of our pleasant vicesMake instruments to plague us.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|What should I feel after carving my bones? peeling off my skin? after sculpted my soul and damaging my fervour, just as the way you desire your appetite must be.Abandoned, forsaken, empty, perhaps..
Émile Zola, La Faute de l'abbé Mouret|In the cold dark days of the winter, dream about the flowers to get warmed up!
Ryan Holiday, Ego Is the Enemy|As I am defeated today, I tell you to believe what you will. Just as you believe yourself, your worst enemies believe in themselves.
Joseph Addison|Perhaps the CDC should quit spending money on things like jazzercise, urban gardening, and massage therapy and direct that money to where it's appropriate in protecting the health of the American people.
Alice Walker, The Temple of My Familiar|The life of my people is to remember forever; each head granary is full. The life of your people is to forget: your thing granaries ("museums"), and not yourselves, are full.
Adeline Yen Mah, Chinese Cinderella and the Secret Dragon Society|People with yuan fen are destined to like one another;Friendship develops even if a thousand miles apart.But should yuan fen be absent between two individuals,They will remain strangers despite sitting face-to-face
J. B. Priestley|I'm not panicking, and I'm not scared, I've been through the Gulf War, the Asia crisis, and the Russian crisis.
Deyth Banger, The Life Of One Kid|The best game ever played was in Monday 3/21/2016, 2 games were played for 40 minutes class sport and in both I win and I and my friend we were going on the 3 game, but unfortunately we didn't finished it. But from here it can be see that I'm the winner!
E.M. Forster|Mr Abrahams was a preparatory schoolmaster of the old-fashioned sort. He cared neither for work nor games, but fed his boys well and saw that they did not misbehave. The rest he left to the parents, and did not speculate how much the parents were leaving to him. Amid mutual compliments the boys passed out into a public school, healthy but backward, to receive upon undefended flesh the first blows of the world.
Marissa Meyer, Fairest|She was so stupid. Such a stupid, stupid girl.For ever thinking she could be admired, adored, or noticed. For every thinking she could be anything at all.
T.S. Eliot, The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock|I grow old … I grow old …	 I shall wear the bottoms of my trousers rolled.	Shall I part my hair behind? Do I dare to eat a peach?	I shall wear white flannel trousers, and walk upon the beach.	I have heard the mermaids singing, each to each.	I do not think that they will sing to me.	 I have seen them riding seaward on the waves	Combing the white hair of the waves blown back	When the wind blows the water white and black.	We have lingered in the chambers of the sea	By sea-girls wreathed with seaweed red and brown	 Till human voices wake us, and we drown.
Graham McNamee, Bonechiller|Moving into the hallway, I make the mistake of looking down. The floor seems to drop out from under me, with nothing solid to support me but my own reflection. I take a step, watching the sole of my bare left foot meet its twin rising up on the flipside. I get the weirdest sensation that I won't fall as long as I have the reversed images of my own feet to walk on.
Douglas Brunt|What I love about Thanksgiving is that it's purely about getting together with friends or family and enjoying food. It's really for everybody, and it doesn't matter where you're from.
Philip Sidney|I think it's really important for your mental health to think about the big questions, to discuss them and open your mind, in order to prepare you for both life and death.
John Rush, Entheogens and the Development of Culture: The Anthropology and Neurobiology of Ecstatic Experience|Human cultures vary widely in the plants they use to gratify the desire for a change of mind, but all cultures (save the Eskimo) sanction at least one such plant and, just as invariably, strenuously forbid certain others. Along with the temptation seems to come the taboo.
Raymond E. Feist, Honored Enemy|When Ego is in control it judges and punishes. But love forgives and heals. Surrendering, is one of the most powerful choices one can make.The doors of love only open for the person who is prepared to let his ego go. To surrender one's ego for someone else is love; to surrender one's ego for all is divine love.﻿
Alahdal A. Hussein|But the interesting cases are those where the conflict remains obstinately in place however much we ponder the problem. These are the cases where we are tempted to conclude that "intuition cannot be trusted." In these situations we need to improve our intuition, to debug it, but the pressure on us is to abandon intuition and rely on equations instead.
Gary Inbinder, The Devil in Montmartre: A Mystery in Fin de Siècle Paris|I think my life is of great importance, but I also think it is meaningless.
Gugu Mona|Wise people do not claim to know it all, they always prefer to learn from others.
J.M. Coetzee, Elizabeth Costello|Narration, after all, isn’t just a literary function. It represents the human capacity to tell stories in such a manner that they yield meaning. Television replaced this concerted quest for meaning with a frantic pursuit of wonder.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Everyone must leave something behind when he dies, my grandfather said. A child or a book or a painting or a house or a wall built or a pair of shoes made. Or a garden planted. Something your hand touched some way so your soul has somewhere to go when you die, and when people look at that tree or that flower you planted, you're there. It doesn't matter what you do, he said, so long as you change something from the way it was before you touched it into something that's like you after you take your hands away. The difference between the man who just cuts lawns and a real gardener is in the touching, he said. The lawn-cutter might just as well not have been there at all; the gardener will be there a lifetime.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If I see God as nothing more than a caricature of history or imagination I cannot do anything less than make myself my own ‘god’. And once I realize that in doing so my rendition of being a ‘god’ is embarrassingly inferior to the very caricature I am mimicking, I quickly come to realize that maybe the only thing that can be ‘god’ is a God. And if that is the case, I suddenly find myself hounded by the stunning reality that God is not a caricature.
Eiji Yoshikawa, Musashi|She needed intimacy and a sense of partaking in, not just observing, real life.
J.E.B. Spredemann|I am simply not enough in myself, but in Him I am. This surrender is not weakness, but the only true measure of strength any of us have.
Zainab Omaki, Side Babies: Contemporary Women In Africa|The chaos of their voices registers as a single, overwhelming force cutting off her ability to reason, and all she wants is to get as far away from people as possible.
Alyxandra Harvey, Bleeding Hearts|I couldn't convince her that if I had a book with me, I wasn't lonely.
Edvard Munch|Smiles, tears, of all my life! - and, if God choose, I shall but love thee better after death.
Dee Hock, One from Many: VISA and the Rise of Chaordic Organization|Life is not about control. It’s not about getting. It’s not about having. It’s not about knowing. It’s not even about being. Life is eternal, perpetual becoming, or it is nothing. Becoming is not a thing to be known, commanded, or controlled. It is a magnificent, mysterious odyssey to be experienced.
John Speed, The Temple Dancer|This is desire, daughter, the endless piercing that informs the universe throughout eternity,
Marieta Maglas|If you don't know the question, you are not ready for the answer.
Uzoma Nnadi|Some people said beware of enemies. Some said beware of friends and some said beware of frenemies, but the most dangerous people are those that will hurt you and still play the victim.
Lindsey Jacoby|Life is about learning from the past, embracing the present, and believing in the future.
Anthony Bourdain|If we stay with animal analogies for a moment, owners of dogs will have noticed that, if you provide them with food and water and shelter and affection, they will think you are god. Whereas owners of cats are compelled to realize that, if you provide them with food and water and shelter and affection, they draw the conclusion that they are god. (Cats may sometimes share the cold entrails of a kill with you, but this is just what a god might do if he was in a good mood.)
Alexei Maxim Russell, The Japanophile's Handbook|To my mind, this embracing of what were unambiguously children's characters at their mid-20th century inception seems to indicate a retreat from the admittedly overwhelming complexities of modern existence. It looks to me very much like a significant section of the public, having given up on attempting to understand the reality they are actually living in, have instead reasoned that they might at least be able to comprehend the sprawling, meaningless, but at-least-still-finite 'universes' presented by DC or Marvel Comics. I would also observe that it is, potentially, culturally catastrophic to have the ephemera of a previous century squatting possessively on the cultural stage and refusing to allow this surely unprecedented era to develop a culture of its own, relevant and sufficient to its times.
Michael Haneke|[A dog is] a bundle of pure love, gift-wrapped in fur.
Peter J. Tanous, The Secret of Fatima|The pope was lying fully stretched out on the floor, his body half-obscured by Cardinal Villot, who was leaning over him. Calvi's heart jumped into his throat. The pontiff 's eyes were shut, his face distorted in pain. He wasn't breathing. He was life-less, drained of color.
Barbara Demick, Nothing to Envy: Ordinary Lives in North Korea|So the criminals win, that's what you're saying? For now they do. But it's a long game, Jamison. And I always play for the long game.
Fulton J. Sheen|It is not so much what people suffer that makes the world mysterious; it is rather how much they miss when they suffer. They seem to forget that even as children they made obstacles in their games in order to have something to overcome. Why, then, when they grow into man’s estate, should there not be prizes won by effort and struggle? Cannot the spirit of man rise with adversity as the bird rises against the resistance of the wind? Do not the game fish swim upstream? Must not the chisel cut away the marble to bring out the form? Must not the seed falling to the ground die before it can spring forth into life? Must not grapes be crushed that there may be wine to drink, and wheat ground that there may be bread to eat? Why then cannot pain be made redemption? Why under the alchemy of Divine Love cannot crosses be turned into crucifixes? Why cannot chastisements be regarded as penances? Why cannot we use a cross to become God-like? We cannot become like Him in His Power; we cannot become like Him in His Knowledge. There is only one way we can become like Him, and that is in the way He bore His sorrows and His Cross. And that way was with love. It is love that makes pain bearable.
James Frey, A Million Little Pieces|If there was a God. I would spit in his face for subjecting me to this. If there was a Devil, I would sell my sould to make it end. If there was something Higher that controlled out f***ing fates, I would tell it to take my fate and shove it up its fucking ass. Shove it hard and far, you motherf***er. Please end. Please end. Please end.
Craig Werner, Higher Ground: Stevie Wonder, Aretha Franklin, Curtis Mayfield, and the Rise and Fall of American Soul|....Charles laughingly observed,'Gospel and the blues are really, if you break it down, almost the same thing. It's just a question of whether you're talkin' about a woman or God.
Travis Fimmel|The hardest thing was learning to write. I was 13, and the only writing I had done was for Social Studies. It consisted of copying passages right out of the encyclopedia.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I am what I am; sacred soul, spirit and body.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Adventure of the Blue Carbuncle|The security officer smiled and said, ‘Good afternoon, ma’am,’ to me before Igave him ID.”“It’s a sick world, Eve.” He resisted taking her hand for another squeeze. “A sick,sad world.
E. Lockhart, Real Live Boyfriends: Yes. Boyfriends, Plural. If My Life Weren't Complicated, I Wouldn't Be Ruby Oliver|Get over it, Roo. If you have friends who actually like you, you’re popular enough.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|In all spheres of life, there are constraints. You have to develop your own strategy to overcome each constraint.
Joe Barton|Men and women must be educated, in a great degree, by the opinions and manners of the society they live in.
Dada Bhagwan|Flaw laden intellect shows faults in others. If you deviate even slightly in the wrong direction, you will see everyone at fault.
Harold Pinter, No Man's Land|Listen. You know what it's like when you're in a room with the light on and then suddenly the light goes out? I'll show you. It's like this."He turns out the light.BLACKOUT
Barack Obama, Dreams from My Father: A Story of Race and Inheritance|One ever feels his twoness, -- an American, a Negro; two souls, two thoughts, two unreconciled strivings; two warring ideals in one dark body, whose strenth alone keeps it from being torn asunder.
Anthony Burgess|Excuse me, sir?" "Do you wish to become a shepherd of souls? A minister of our church?" "No," replied Hugh, frowning. "Why would I wish to?" "Your concern with souls, milord, invites me to believe that you ultimately may choose that path of occupation." Hugh made a face of disgust. "No. I wish to become a man. One must become a man, first, before he can choose to be anything else.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|If you are not in good terms with the one who sent you, you can’t have the right direction to the errands he wants to send you for. Be in good talking terms with God; pray without ceasing!
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|You are a valuable instrument in the orchestration of your own world, and the overall harmony of the universe.
Laurie Buchanan, PhD|When one stops writing one becomes oneself again, the person one usually is, in terms of occupations, thoughts, language. Thus I am now me again, I am here, I go about my ordinary business, I have nothing to do with the book, or, to be exact, I entered it, but I can no longer enter it.
Lloyd Alexander, The Castle of Llyr|It never ceases to amaze me how much people talk about relationships, think about them, read about them, ask about them - even get in them without a clue how to move them forward.
Michael Chabon|Love great first lines and paragraphs. From The Yiddish Policemen's Union:Nine months Landsman's been flopping at the Hotel Zamenhof without any of his fellow residents managing to get themselves murdered. Now somebody has put a bullet in the brain of the occupant of 208, a yid who was calling himself Emanuel Lasker. 
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|The man who kills a man kills a man.The man who kills himself kills all men.As far as he is concerned, he wipes out the world.
David Harvey, A Companion to Marx's Capital|When you're taught to love everyone, to love your enemies, what value does that put on love?
Isabelle Rowan, Ink|Leaning his forehead against Michael's, Dominic admitted, "I didn't dance then. I think I was waiting for you.
Chaim Potok, My Name Is Asher Lev|... an artist is a person first. He is an individual. If there is no person, there is no artist.
Nelson Mandela|History is a relentless master. It has no present, only the past rushing into the future. To try to hold fast is to be swept aside.
Libbie Hawker, Daughter of Sand and Stone|Still, if I don't believe in the possibility, I might go mad from fear.
Geddy Lee|I think a lot of times our culture has an attitude toward art and the production of art that separates artists from the rest of us, like making art or music or painting or whatever is some magical thing that you have to be inspired to do, and special people do it.
Mehmet Murat ildan|I’ll be hanged if I can understand how it concerns Evolution to get us out of a mere scrape.”“Out of all kinds of scrapes, my dear Brumm, Evolution has the power to deliver us. There is no conceivable scrape which is not a link in the great chain—in Chance, which is the empirical name for Evolution, and bears the same relation to it that alchemy bears to chemistry, and astrology to astronomy. And the last little scrape of all, death, is simply the charming means Evolution takes to get us out of the great big scrape, life. You will never be happy, my dear friend, until you submit to the Evolutionary will. If it were not so amusing, nothing would be more insufferable than the unanimity and persistency with which all men and kindreds and nations shout up into space, ‘What a scrape were in!’ It is the first thing the child says in its inarticulate way with the first breath of air it is able to employ. ‘Oh, what a scrape to be sure!’ And it is the last thing the man feels on his death-bed. And you will find that all the books and newspapers and music in the world are only expositions and sermons and fugues and variations on the one theme. ‘Oh, what a scrape!’ Now, it is my mission to change the world’s tune. I mean to teach it that scrape, luck, chance, is law, is Evolution, is the soul of the universe; and having brought man’s will into accord with the Evolutionary will, in a very short time it will come about that children will laugh with their first breath, as much as to say, ‘ What a delightful thing it is to come into the world.’ And on their death-beds men will cry, ‘How refreshing and noble it is to pass away,’ while all the books and newspapers and music of the world will cease to be a mere complaint, will cease—altogether, the books and newspapers, perhaps, and only glad music remain.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|The present is too often squandered grieving the past or fearing the future, which makes the present nothing more than a cheap facsimile of what was or what will be instead of what it could be.
Paul McCartney|Our idea is to serve everybody, including people with little money.
Elie Wiesel, Night|Love in a night shall live and die,Love in a day shall wing and fly;Love in the Spring shall last an hour,Easily fade a spring-tide flower.
Jason Silva|I make short films, little documentaries, about the co-evolution of humans and technology.
Tom  Turner, City as Landscape|The tragedy of feminine design is that it receives so little official support. Most of the world's design schools, having been organized by men, encourage a masculine approach, even when they are run by women. Yet many designers who are male in the biological sense have a feminine approach to design.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Always keep a pray for a pure heart, there lies your peace.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Only he qualifies to be an INDIVIDUAL, who has created an IMAGE for himself, in tune with his INTRINSIC NATURE, for majority only succumb to the human stupidity and perish!
Alexandre Dumas, Twenty Years After|I never swear, Monseigneur. I say Yes or No, and as I am a gentleman, I keep my word.
Gabriel García Márquez, Memories of My Melancholy Whores|My God, Justin, do you hate him so?""Bah!" said his Grace..."does one hate an adder? Because it is venomous and loathsome one crushes it underfoot, as I shall crush this Comte.
Alexander Lowen|Entrepreneurship is seen as if you're in Silicon Valley or New York City and starting an app business or a social-media business, which is cool. But what we really have to focus on is people who make things, and how can we fund them, and how can we encourage people to stay in their community and make a difference in their community.
Samir Selmanovic, It's Really All about God: Reflections of a Muslim Atheist Jewish Christian|Jesus offered a single incentive to follow him; it was woven into all he said and did. Here is how I would after twenty-four years of following summarize his selling point: "Follow me, and you might be happy--or you might not. Follow me, and might be empowered--or you might not. Follow me, and you might have more friends--or you might not. Follow me, and you might have the answers--or you might not. Follow me, and you might be better off--or you might not. If you follow me, you may be worse off in every way you use to measure life. Follow me nevertheless. Because I have an offer that is worth giving up everything you have: you will learn to love well.
Anna Quindlen, How Reading Changed My Life|Perhaps it is true that at base we readers are dissatisfied people, yearning to be elsewhere, to live vicariously through words in a way we cannot live directly through life. Perhaps we are the world's great nomads, if only in our minds...I am the sort of person who prefers to stay at home, surrounded by family, friends, familiarity, books...It turns out that when my younger self thought of taking wing, she wanted only to let her spirit soar. Books are the plane, and the train, and the road. They are the destination, and the journey. They are home.
Dan Wells, Fragments|I've got my own toilet." -- Grace Harper
Alfred Tennyson|I came in haste with cursing breath,And heart of hardest steel;But when I saw thee cold in death,I felt as man should feel.For when I look upon that face,That cold, unheeding, frigid brown,Where neither rage nor fear has place,By Heaven! I cannot hate thee now!
Sean Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective Teens: The Ultimate Teenage Success Guide|The armour of falsehood is subtly wrought out of darkness, and hides a man not only from others, but from his own soul.
Kamila Shamsie, Salt and Saffron|It is not the truth which has to be sought, it is you who have to be brought home.
Yaya Toure|Many of the differences that cause students to be excluded in school are actually the same qualities or skills that other people are going to admire, respect or value about that person in adulthood.
Mizuki Nomura, Book Girl and the Wayfarer's Lamentation|What could be a destination for a lost, when there is no will to move on anymore?
Ned Vizzini, It's Kind of a Funny Story|Its so hard to talk when you want to kill yourself. That's above and beyond everything else, and it's not a mental complaint-it's a physical thing, like it's physically hard to open your mouth and make the words come out. They don't come out smooth and in conjunction with your brain the way normal people's words do; they come out in chunks as if from a crushed-ice dispenser; you stumble on them as they gather behind your lower lip. So you just keep quiet.
Ashtavakra Gita|While a man of pure intelligence may achieve thegoal by the most casual of instruction, another may seek knowledge all his life and still remain bewildered.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Yes, contrast teaches us a great many things and there is purpose for it. Yet it is time to transcend your everyday dramas that are but drops in an ocean. Cease focusing on your droplets of water and look around you. Everything you say and touch and do sets into motion ripples that either heal and create or curse and destroy. Let me repeat: Everything.
Raymond Carver, What We Talk About When We Talk About Love|They had laughed. They had leaned on each other and laughed until the tears had come, while everything else--the cold, and where he'd go in it--was outside, for a while anyway.
Cindy Skaggs, Unstoppable|Out of the military, out of the war, out of the only life they knew. Team Fear took the fall.
J. Randy Taraborrelli, The Secret Life of Marilyn Monroe|She had told Kazan that she was bored with the roles she was playing because so many of them had been basically the same kind of empty-headed characterization. She wanted nothing ore than to challenge herself with more complex parts--and also wanted others to think of her as being more than a caricature....Anytime she had an opportunity to broaden her mind, she wanted to take advantage of it.
Martin Yan|The kitchen oven is reliable, but it's made us lazy.
James Purdy, Cabot Wright Begins|I had decided that I wanted to earn my living as a writer and the only place in Waterbury where they paid you for writing was at the local newspaper. My opportunity came when the paper had an opening for a night janitor. Opportunities are easy to miss, because they don’t always show up in their best clothes. Sometimes opportunities look like beggars in rags. After an eight-hour shift in the shop tossing thirty-pound crates I hustled down to the newspaper building and cleaned toilets, with a vague plan that it would somehow lead to a reporter’s position.
Richard Trumka|It is one of the issues that will have to be worked through however let me make the point and I think anyone would accept that if you set it up properly, not only will you get better environmental outcomes, you have a chance to create more wealth with the available resource.
Heather Brewer, Twelfth Grade Kills|The only thing more dangerous then a vampire crazed with blood lust was a vampire crazed with anything else. All the meticulous single-mindedness that went into finding young women who slept with their bedroom window open got channeled into some other interest, with merciless and painstaking efficiency...
Patricia A. McKillip, Winter Rose|I did not want to think about people. I wanted the trees, the scents and colors, the shifting shadows of the wood, which spoke a language I understood. I wished I could simply disappear in it, live like a bird or a fox through the winter, and leave the things I had glimpsed to resolve themselves without me.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|We see only a part of the surface of things. The rest will be forever hidden from us, to be appreciated for its felt but unfathomed presence.
Lauren Graham, Someday, Someday, Maybe|Once again, I've been thwarted by the massive difference between my vision of the successful me and the me I'm currently stuck with.
Vasily Grossman, Life and Fate|You know what? From now on, I think I’m going to call you Mister Christmas.
Aleksandra Layland, The Feathered Crown: A Windflower Saga Novella|There is something to be said about the vastness of the earth, as well as the vastness of the heavens, in reminding us how small we are and how great God's creation is.
M.I.M. Răphæl|The darkness surrounding can envelop one,but if you light only one match, you have defeated it all.
Luigi Barzini|More than anything else, my mother wanted to be an actress - a famous actress - which in the 1950s was all about being young, sexy, and available. She was all that, and more. She had big blue eyes, alabaster skin, a heart-shaped face, a beautiful figure. She was just a knockout.
Jenna Cornell|Art is the essence of life in creative form. If you want to compete, run a damn race. If you truly want to create essence, you need to leave competition out of it. 2014
Gwen Ifill|History and social sciences were my interests. I was always interested in knowing how societies get organized, why there is rich and poor divide, why there are classes. I was never apolitical. I think we are all political in a way. Politics decides our day-to-day life.
Alan Wake|Stephen King once wrote, “Nightmares exist outside of logic, and there’s little fun to be had in explanations; they’re antithetical to the poetry of fear.” In a horror story, the victim keeps asking why - but there can be no explanation, and there shouldn’t be one. The unanswered mystery is what stays with us the longest, and it’s what we’ll remember in the end.
Fletcher Pratt, Tales From Gavagan's Bar|A fine young man and a fine young felly he always was, except that in the old days, before you began coming in here, Mr. Witherwax, he maybe had too much money and spent too much of it on girls. Take them alone, either one; the money without the women, or a good girl without the money that can be a help to a young felly, and he's fixed for life. But put them together; and often as not, the young felly goes on the booze. ("The Better Mousetrap")
|School education alone doesn't make one educated. It takes years of self-education from factual resources, properly interpreted experiences in life, and observations before one could become very educated.
Bob Uecker|The whole tone of Church teaching in regard to women is, to the last degree, contemptuous and degrading.
Naveen Jain|At the end of drama school, I made a contract with myself: I'd try acting for five years. I was 26. I had already spent eight years working in restaurants and gas stations. So I had seen enough small businesses to understand that that's what acting is: a small business.
Lisa Kessler, Wolf Moon|He kissed my lips, his skin warm in spite of the cool winter wind whipping past us. His whisper would have been lost on me before, but now I heard every word. “What do you want, Raven?
Emily Post|To be a good citizen, it's important to be able to put yourself in other people's shoes and see the big picture. If everything you see is rooted in your own identity, that becomes difficult or impossible.
George Carlin|I often warn people: "Somewhere along the way, someone is going to tell you, 'There is no "I" in team.' What you should tell them is, 'Maybe not. But there is an "I" in independence, individuality and integrity.
Nicholas Boyd Crutchley|If a picture paints a thousand words, then a let a picture inspire a thousand words.
Drew Magary, The Postmortal|In short, with each of the thousand-and-one problems that present themselves in family life, our choice is between controlling and teaching, between creating an atmosphere of distrust and one of trust, between setting an example of power and helping children to learn responsibility, between quick-fix parenting and the kind that's focused on long-term goals.
Mike Bond, The Last Savanna|Long before the stars died the birds began to sing - cool rippling doves, loud cheery starlings, the long lilting trills of warblers and thrushes.
Tamora Pierce, Street Magic|Briar: "So I guess I was the last to know." Rosethorn: "Of course you are. You're a man, aren't you?
Rebecca Solnit, The Faraway Nearby|Vengeance and forgiveness are about reconciling the accounts, but accounting is an ugly description of the tangled ways we're connected. I sometimes think everything comes out even in the end, but an end that arches beyond the horizon, beyond our capacity to perceive or measure, and that in many cases those who trespass against you do so out of a misery that means the punishment preceded and even precipitated the crime. Maybe that's acceptance.
Keira Marcos, Tangled Destinies|No answer I could provide to that question could possibly serve my own future interests." Sarek straightened his sleeve and focused on her. "More wine, Wife?
Joyce Meyer|Keep up the good work, if only for a while, if only for the twinkling of a tiny galaxy.
Riley Shane, Blood Rose|Cáel sighed. “Look, right now? Either you want Rose, or you don’t. If you do—and, quite frankly, it’s obvious to me that you do—then give the woman a break and give yourself some credit for not being a whack job. Women are strange creatures, Gray, and she isn’t a mind reader. Who the hell knows what kind of conclusions she’s drawn over your behavior? Shit or get off the pot.” your advice on love? ‘Shit or get off the pot’?
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|In the world of personal development and spiritual growth, a seeker embarks on a path of self-discovery and self-improvement. A seeker desires to discover knowledge and use an enhanced level of personal awareness to alter their behavior, opinions, beliefs, and point of view in order to experience reality in a different and more wholesome manner than the prior path that lead to self-rejection.
S.R. Grey, I Stand Before You|I like this dirty Chase, this crude and irreverent man. I want to go where he's taking me. I need to be dragged down to where he is so we can build ourselves back up, together, stronger.
Alyson Larrabee, Enter If You Dare|A high-pitched sound, like steam escaping from a kettle whistles through the dark room. But nobody’s making tea. We both turn toward the source of the eerie noise.A weak stream of unearthly light seeps through the window near the corner of the room and pours onto the floor. Its consistency seems to lie somewhere between a liquid and a solid, like mercury, only blue. Out of the gleaming, wobbly puddle, a phosphorescent vapor rises up. The ghost we thought was Daniel materializes and looms over us for two seconds before he lunges and wraps his hands around Wyatt’s neck.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Our magazine covers frequently feature the immoral, the perverted, the psychologically sick. Sin is “in.” People don’t like to be told they are sinners.
Lisa Kleypas, Devil in Winter|I might call him. A thing divine, for nothing natural. I ever saw so noble.
Jenny Han, We'll Always Have Summer|Life is short and there will always be dirty dishes, so let's dance.
Stephanie Coontz, Marriage, a History: From Obedience to Intimacy or How Love Conquered Marriage|As it turned out, my greatest fear in life had become expectations.
Polly Horvath, One Year in Coal Harbor|That's the thing about being a Labrador retriever - you were born for fun. Seldom was your loopy, freewheeling mind cluttered by contemplation, and never at all by somber worry; every day was a romp. What else could there possibly be to life? Eating was a thrill. Pissing was a treat. Shitting was a joy. And licking your own balls? Bliss. And everywhere you went were gullible humans who patted and hugged and fussed over you.
Joshua Oppenheimer|I damaged my health during 'Les Mis,' which I didn't want to mention in case it seemed like I was courting sympathy.
Larry Gent|Aglaya just rolled her eyes. "You're like a ten year-old.""Ten-and-a-half," Kev defended. "But I read at a fourteen year-old level.
Nicolas Sarkozy|What made America great was her ability to transform her own dream into hope for all mankind. America did not tell the millions of men and women who came from every country in the world and who -- with their hands, their intelligence and their heart -- built the greatest nation in the world: ‘Come, and everything will be given to you.’ She said: ‘Come, and the only limits to what you'll be able to achieve will be your own courage and your own talent.
Lexi Cubbins|The want of a thing is perplexing enough, but the possession of it is intolerable.
Marcel Proust|My destination is no longer a place, rather a new way of seeing.
Brad Thor, Black List|If he's like any other man I've ever met, it's not my smile he's going to be looking at.
M. Chandler, The Morning Star|Gut instinct," Jeremy wheezed. "Your gut's been shot," Mike pointed out, but he looked uncertain.
Richard Feynman|I have no responsibility to live up to what others expect of me. That's their mistake, not my failing.
Ashly Lorenzana|The parts of me that hurt the worst want me to write something for them, but I can't. I don't know what to say. I'm lost in all this sadness, and so are they.
Lukasz Laniecki, You Have The Right Not To Make Your Parents Proud. A Book Of Quotes|That’s not our role here, provide our parents with a “success story” to share at gatherings. Our role here is to contribute the best we can to the society. Use our talents and make sure we add the greatest value possible to other people’s lives.
F.T. McKinstry, The Gray Isles|The forces of the sea give rise to imagination, which reflects them according to the nature and disposition of the perceiver. The sea itself is undifferentiated and without bias.
Jane Wilson-Howarth, Your Child's Health Abroad: A Manual for Traveling Parents|Most moderately active children – as long as they have full stomachs – cope well with exotic experiences, but parents should get fit for their trip. Young children will expect their parents to be All Powerful so they would be wise to prepare properly and arrive with toned quads or they might not keep up on the slopes.
Stephen Fry, The Fry Chronicles|Allow this poem to carry you beyond yourself, transcending your mortal flesh as you wed yourself with the potentially infinite.
Jung Chang, Wild Swans: Three Daughters of China|Before our "company" set off, at a wink from the officer, Plumpie stood up and proposed a search. I could see that some of the others thought she was wasting our time, but our company commander cheerfully seconded her proposal. He suggested we search him first. A boy was called to do this, and found a big bunch of keys on him. Our commander acted as though he had been genuinely careless, and gave Plumpie a victorious smile. The rest of us searched each other. This roundabout way of doing things reflected a Maoist practice: things had to look as though they were the wish of the people, rather than commands from above. Hypocrisy and playacting were taken for granted.
Tom Brady|'Homefront' was written by Sylvester Stallone. He actually wrote it for himself, which is, for me, an amazing privilege: To be handed a script by Sly that he wrote for himself, that he asked me to do.
Paulo Coelho, Brida|A prayer couched in the words of the soul, is far more powerful than any ritual.
Ash Gray, Tales of Talithia|For elves, sex was two souls finding each other in the dark.
Steve Hagen, Buddhism Plain and Simple|We have to learn the art of stopping - stopping our thinking, our habit energies, our forgetfulness, the strong emotions that rule us. When an emotion rushes through us like a storm, we have no peace. We turn on the TV and then we turn it off. We pick up a book and then we put it down. How can we stop this state of agitation? How How can we stop our fear, despair, anger, and craving? We can stop by practicing mindful breathing, mindful walking, mindful smiling, and deep looking in order to understand. When we are mindful, touching deeply the present moment, the fruits are always understanding, acceptance, love, and the desire to relieve suffering and bring joy.
William Shakespeare|Oh, if Shakespeare says it, that's all right.
Karina Halle, Veiled|You can learn a lot about a person through their dreams. It’s your subconscious, split open and bare for all to see.
Richard Dreyfuss|The attitude and capacity of the factory, the old metal table and the new ideas of the wooden furniture quickly and naturally suggested the possibility of metal furniture.
Ilchi Lee, Brain Wave Vibration: Getting Back Into the Rhythm of a Happy, Healthy Life|I believe that there is a direct parallel between the condition of your body and the condition of your brain. When you release the stiffness in your body, you are also creating flexibility in your brain. You become the instinctive, spontaneous healer of your own body and mind.
Cheryl Ford, The Pilgrim's Progress|I will place no value on anything I have or may possess, except in relation to the kingdom of Christ. If anything will advance the interests of that kingdom, it shall be given away or kept, only as by giving or keeping it I shall most promote the glory ofHim to whom I owe all my hopes in time and eternity.
Robert Winston|I don't generally talk about medical terms when I discuss my position as a disabled person. I take a social rather than medical approach to disability, and so long Latin names for congenital conditions are not relevant.
Bertrand Russell|Peace in the Middle East has been on the Obama administration's mind from the beginning. Two days after his inauguration, the president traveled to the State Department to announce the appointment of George Mitchell as his Middle East peace negotiator.
Dan Gable|God made me fast. And when I run, I feel His pleasure. 
Ilchi Lee, The Solar Body: The Secret to Natural Healing|I believe the key to solving everything from individual problems to the global environmental crisis or political and religious conflicts is to be found in restoring this link with the great life force. By recovering our natural healing ability and the goodness of human nature, we can create a truly peaceful, sustainable world. And I don’t believe that these are things that social institutions or prestigious experts can do for us: they must happen within each and every one of us.
Vanity|In my teens, I developed a passionate idolatry for a teacher of English literature. I wanted to do something that he would approve of more, so I thought I should be some sort of a scholar.
Benazir Bhutto|To succeed, one must be creative and persistent.
Arash Tabish|They said, we are going to respect human's freedoms. but it is not true. don't you see that? they are just respecting freedom of those who they fight for their freedom and fight to get what they want and respect freedom of those who these people fear of them. but what about me? what about my freedom? Am i not human? And Am i not deserve to be respected and to have my freedom? I am not rushing, not hating, not hurting, neither killing nor destroying any places. i just try to do my best to respect the government rules. but did you see or know what i get in return? nothing, i get nothing. since years ago they are just hurting me and do not care at all about me and they let me to die. it looks they forgot what they said about human's freedom or they don't see me as human. but that is fine. i will be gone one day if you respect me or not, if you care for me or not, if you love me and help or not but do you think what you do is right? be honest with yourself at least for once.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Cultivating loving kindness for ourselves is the foundation of real love for our friends and family, for new people we encounter in our daily lives, for all beings and for life itself.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Most people only have stray thoughts and it stays at that. But you’ve got power, darlin'. You flung out walking evil. Let's hope you can bring up a remedy too.
Christina Dodd, Tongue In Chic|She wished she hadn't succumbed to irritation. Because she wanted to know about his inner feelings. She always thought people were like pieces of art glass-- strong enough to handle and use, delicate enough to shatter under a strong blow, and filled with swirls of color that fascinated the eye. But while most people--and most glass--allowed light through, she could discern nothing of Devlin's heart and soul through the smoke and mirrors he held before him.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|Once California belonged to Mexico and its land to Mexicans; and a horde of tattered feverish Americans poured in. And such was their hunger for land that they took the land, stole Sutter's land, Guerrero' s land, took the grants and broke them up and growled and quarreled over them, those frantic hungry men; and they guarded with guns the land they had stolen. They put up houses and barns, they turned the earth and planted crops. And these things were possession, and possession was ownership.The Mexicans were weak and fed. They could not resist, because they wanted nothing in the world as frantically as the Americans wanted land.
Karen Salmansohn|My mother is a ball of fire in the world, and I love that about her. But what I have learned from my stepdad is something as important, which is patience and compassion. Because when you are living with someone else, those two qualities go a long way.
ASAP Rocky|In any team sport, the best teams have consistency and chemistry.
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|He's not doing anything he shouldn't be doing, right?" "Like what?""Like hitting on you.""Ew. No, of course not. He doesn't see me that way." Michael shook his head and went back to his coffee."What? You think he does?""Sometimes he looks at you a little... oddly, that's all. Maybe you're right. Maybe he just wants you for your blood.""Again, Ew! What's with you this morning?""Not enough coffee.
Boris Kovalík|.if you're looking into infinity of deep night sky, you can get the deepest thoughts..
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Move beyond yourself to serve a greater purpose and vision. Learn to mix, mingle, and glow, thus helping others feel more comfortable, at ease, important, and connected.
Samuel Beckett, All That Fall and Other Plays for Radio and Screen|It is suicide to be abroad. But what it is to be at home, ... what it is to be at home? A lingering dissolution.
Tim Crawshaw, So, You Want to Be Rich... But Jesus Doesn't.|Sometimes we can't see the relevance of Jesus Christ until we become dissatisfied with the world and realise that there must be more to life than working 9 to 5, buying and accumulating expensive 'things'and being attractive to members of the opposite sex.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Love does not envy, does not boast, does not delight in evil but rejoice in truth.
Debatrayee Banerjee, A Whispering Leaf. . .|And there you stand -Far away from the distant reality,Far away in my breathing dream,Far away in the traces of my livid eyes,Far away in my hostile fantasy.
Stephen King, Needful Things|Quinns always come at half price, about half the time, and half-naked, even during the colder half of winter. A Quinn is like a queen, but draggier, and cheaper to buy and use for personal gain, unless you’re suspicious that you’re poor and illiterate like Jarod Kintz, in which case Quinns could be the spirits of your dead relatives, come to haunt you until you gather a massive fortune through selling books on the internet, to send some back in time through a portal you bought from the NSA, so they would have lived better lives without having to move a finger for their fortune. Oh, yah, and since they aren’t - they’re blue, like smurfs, yet they turn purple whenever tickled on the belly, which is something they seem to rather dislike, since they start biting and scratching when it happens, for no good reason, I might add.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|You are what you think. Before you succeed physically, it had been done mentally. The hometown of both victory and defeat is the mind of a person.
Abhijit Naskar, Either Civilized or Phobic: A Treatise on Homosexuality|Sin, blasphemy, heresy – all these are primitive ideas created by primitive creatures, unworthy of the title “human”.
Chris Heimerdinger, Gadiantons and the Silver Sword|The liberal arts do not conduct the soul all the way to virtue, but merely set it going in that direction.
Stacey O'Neale, Under His Skin|Cam placed his hand on her shoulder. "It's not too late."	A thick lump swelled in her throat. "I acted like an idiot."	"That's not a problem," he replied in a comforting tone. "He's been acting like an idiot for weeks now.
Genereux Philip|I never believed I will be the Breadwinner in my family, But I give Lord God Almighty Thanks!
Samuel Beckett, The Unnamable|I want to feel calm and at ease. Like someone who lives in Half Moon Bay, California, and makes hummus from scratch. Instead, I feel like I'm a contestant on some awful supermarket game show where I've got sixty seconds to hurl my shopping cart down the aisles, piling it with as much as possible before the buzzer goes off.
Amie Kaufman, Their Fractured Light|We see them as they cannot, will not, see each other--we see his heart in the way he looks at her; we see her soul calling out for his every touch. It would be so easy if they could only see inside each other as we can.And yet, there is beauty in the way they find each other: slowly, in a fragile dance of sidelong glances and accidental touches. To see them come together, souls binding without knowing each other as we do, without being certain of what the other's heart holds, is to learn something new...Faith.
Cherise Sinclair, Master of the Mountain|He liked to touch, she realized. In bed, he kept his arms around her or a hand on her like now. The way he played with her breasts, or just touched her, or ran his hands over her body, made her feel so...so beautiful, Desirable.
Jalina Mhyana, Dreaming in Night Vision: A Story in Vignettes|I cut our paper dinner with a pair of scissors borrowed from the front desk of the hotel. I cooked with a spice rack box of crayons – sixteen colors. I seasoned the pumpkin pie with orange crayon, and basted the turkey's crisp skin in brown. I was remorseless with my sketchbook abattoir, playing the part of carnivore just as surely as I was play-acting the role of wife. I may as well have been a wax figure in a dollhouse eating the wax-scented food.
Gino Norris, Stress Diary Journal|I want my list of works to be lean and mean and everything was urgent and had to be done. Nothing to play the market. My family’s had to suffer for that, that I haven’t done commercial jobs just to bring home the bacon.
Jürgen Moltmann, The Crucified God: The Cross of Christ as the Foundation and Criticism of Christian Theology|When the crucified Jesus is called "the image of the invisible God," the meaning is that THIS is God, and God is like THIS.
Patricia Briggs, Iron Kissed|It was like being leaned on by a very heavy, warm brick. A sexy brick.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The mind speaks, though it does not have lips.The heart moves, though it does not have feet.The soul rises, though it does not have wings.
guggenhbuhl-craig|Before, they had been beasts, their instincts fitly adapted to their surroundings, and happy as living things may be. Now they stumbled in the shackles of humanity, lived in a fear that never died, fretted by a law they could not understand; their mock-human existence, begun in an agony, was one long internal struggle, one long dread of Moreau- and for what? It was the wantonness of it that stirred me.
Somer Brodribb|Now, in the academy, you cannot just say anything about male theory. You have to proceed with an immanent critique, that is to say, you have to expertly play the parts against the whole. You show, for example, how certain assumptions in the work actually defeat its stated purpose of human liberation, but once remedied, i.e. salvaged, the theory will work for women. An immanent critique can stay within the masculinist academic circle. In this position women become the technicians of male theory who have to reprogram the machine, turning it from a war machine against women into a gentler, kinder war machine, killing us softly. This is a very involving task and after years of playing this part it is understandable that there may be little desire to admit that the effort was virtually futile. An investment has been made, and the conformity is not wholly outer. What attitudes and feelings does this sexist context produce towards oppositional women who refuse this male material? Does a male-circled woman have the power and security to be generous? Having compromised her freedom, will she be less willing to compromise ours? Perhaps the most pernicious aspect of this arrangement, besides the ways it sets women against one another, is the fact that although the male academy values owning our freedom, it does not have to pay a lot for it. Masculine culture already controls gross amounts of female lives. Still, it seems to want more, but always at the same low price. The exploited are very affordable.
Kabelo Mabona|Every year is a year of impact, a month of change and a day of new encounters. Its all in the mind to make the impact, see the change and conquer new encounters.
Taite Adams, E-Go: Ego Distancing Through Mindfulness, Emotional Intelligence, and the Language of Love|Religion does not mean to worship cows. Religion is within the body of a human being. There is infinite power within this human body and manifestation of that power is Religion. In one sense it is the transformed state of ‘Ego’. Even if you don’t understand it, let me say that by evolution of self a man becomes God ….
Daniel H. Pink, A Whole New Mind: Why Right-Brainers Will Rule the Future|How well do you know the people who raised you? Look around your dining room table. Look around at your loved ones, especially the elders. The grandparents and the aunts and uncles who used to give you shiny new quarters and unvarnished advice. How much do you really know about their lives. Perhaps you've heard that they served in a war, or lived for a time in a log cabin, or arrived in this country speaking little or no English. Maybe they survived the Holocaust or the Dust Bowl. How were they shaped by the Depression or the Cold War, or the stutter-step march towards integration in their own community? What were they like before they married or took on mortgages and assumed all the worries that attend the feeding, clothing, and education of their children? If you don't already know the answers, the people who raised you will most likely remain a mystery, unless you take the bold step and say: Tell me more about yourself.
Chris Dee, Cat-Tales Book 2|Of all my objections to Jonathan Crane—and it is a lengthy list—the one point I will concede is that sometimes Fear has a purpose. Sometimes, fear is nature’s way of saying: Whoa there, Sundance, you sure you want to be jumping off that cliff, what with the rocky bed of the Colorado River churning 300 feet below? Sometimes, Fear has a point.
RuPaul|In the great tradition of Paris Is Burning, bring out your library cards! Because reading is what? Fundamental!
Michael Polanyi|It was the merit of Gestalt psychology to make us aware of the remarkable performance involved in perceiving shapes. Take, for example, a ball or an egg: we can see their shapes at a glance. Yet suppose that instead of the impression made on our eye by an aggregate of white points forming the surface of an egg, we were presented with another, logically equivalent, presentation of these points as given by a list of their spatial co-ordinate values. It would take years of labour to discover the shape inherent in this aggregate of figures - provided it could be guessed at all. The perception of the egg from the list of co-ordinate values would, in fact, be a feat rather similar in nature and measure of intellectual achievement to the discovery of the Copernican system.
Hanif Hassan Barbhuiya|Things can be fixed. Relationship CANNOT.Its like standing on a cracked glass plane, you might just adjust yourself for the time being but there will always be a fear of increasing the cracks, fear of falling through, fear of being destroyed.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|On Friday the 13th of April 2029, an asteroid large enough to fill the Rose Bowl as though it were an egg cup, will fly so close to Earth, that it will dip below the altitude of our communication satellites. We did not name this asteroid Bambi. Instead, it's named Apophis, after the Egyptian god of darkness and death. If the trajectory of Apophis at close approach passes within a narrow range of altitudes called the 'keyhole,' the precise influence of Earth's gravity on its orbit will guarantee that seven years later in 2036, on its next time around, the asteroid will hit Earth directly, slamming in the Pacific Ocean between California and Hawaii. The tsunami it creates will wipe out the entire west coast of North America, bury Hawaii, and devastate all the land masses of the Pacific Rim. If Apophis misses the keyhole in 2029, then, of course, we have nothing to worry about in 2036.
Rabindranath Tagore, The King of the Dark Chamber|Early in the morning, at break of day, in all the freshness and dawn of one’s strength, to read a book – I call that viciousness!
Olivia Laing, The Lonely City: Adventures in the Art of Being Alone|Loneliness is personal, and it is also political. Loneliness is collective; it is a city. As to how to inhabit it, there are no rules and nor is there any need to feel shame, only to remember that the pursuit of individual happiness does not trump or excuse our obligations to each another. We are in this together, this accumulation of scars, this world of objects, this physical and temporary heaven that so often takes on the countenance of hell. What matters is kindness; what matters is solidarity. What matters is staying alert, staying open, because if we know anything from what has gone before us, it is that the time for feeling will not last.
Albert Einstein|Once you have an innovation culture, even those who are not scientists or engineers - poets, actors, journalists - they, as communities, embrace the meaning of what it is to be scientifically literate. They embrace the concept of an innovation culture. They vote in ways that promote it. They don't fight science and they don't fight technology.
Emily McKay, How Willa Got Her Groove Back|He was on the edge of a cliff. And he wasn’t jumping, he was diving, a huge swan dive, like those famous cliff-top divers in some exotic place he’d seen on television once. Only they landed safely, bodies cutting into seawater like knife blades.And his dive was a killing one.
David Foster Wallace|Anybody gets to ask questions about any fiction-related issues she wants. No question about literature is stupid. You are forbidden to keep yourself from asking a question or making a comment because you fear it will sound obvious or unsophisticated or lame or stupid. Because critical reading and prose fiction are such hard, weird things to try to study, a stupid-seeming comment or question can end up being valuable or even profound. I am deadly-serious about creating a classroom environment where everyone feels free to ask or speak about anything she wishes. So any student who groans, smirks, mimes machines-gunning or onanism, chortles, eye-rolls, or in any way ridicules some other student's in-class question/comment will be warned once in private and on the second offense will be kicked out of class and flunked, no matter what week it is. If the offender is male, I am also apt to find him off-campus and beat him up.. . . This does not mean we all have to sit around smiling sweetly at one another for three hours a week. No truths about the form, content, structure, symbolism, theme, or overall artistic quality of any piece of fiction are etched in stone or beyond dispute.
Tony Dungy, The Mentor Leader: Secrets to Building People and Teams That Win Consistently|Remember that mentor leadership is all about serving. Jesus said, “For even the Son of Man came not to be served but to serve others and to give his life as a ransom for many” (Mark 10:45).
Hyrum W. Smith, The 3 Gaps: Are You Making a Difference?|I looked harder at Matthew 25 and realized that if  Jesus said "I was hungry and you fed me," then Christ's presence is not embodied in those who feed the hungry (as important as that work is), but Christ's presence is in the hungry being fed. Christ comes not in the form of those who visit the imprisoned but in the imprisoned being cared for. And to be clear, Christ does not come to us as the poor and hungry. Because, as anyone for whom the poor are not an abstraction but actual flesh-and-blood people knows, the poor and hungry and imprisoned are not a romantic special class of  Christlike people. And those who meet their needs are not a romantic special class of  Christlike people. We all are equally as sinful and saintly as the other. No, Christ comes to us in the needs of the poor and hungry, needs that are met by another so that the gleaming redemption of  God might be known. ... No one gets to play Jesus. But we do get to experience Jesus in that holy place where we meet others' needs and have our own needs met.
Joban Singh Bal|If you are afraid to fail, then you are afraid to succeed.
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|We should never forget that everything Adolph Hitler did in Germany was "legal" and everything the Hungarian freedom fighers did in Hungary was "illegal." It was "illegal" to aid and comfort a Jew in Hitler's Germany.
Paul Klee|To teach how to live without certainty and yet without being paralysed by hesitation is perhaps the chief thing that philosophy, in our age, can do for those who study it.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Leave fears aside, clean tears away! Tell God "here I am, use me!" and he'll give you the assignments that will make your life a fulfilled one. Now dress up to work!
Suzy Kassem|Everyone wanted to see [him] fall so they could devour his remains. As is usually the case, the army of sycophants had turned into a horde of hungry hyenas
Alexander Masters, Stuart: A Life Backwards|If Stuart is a freak... it is because he has had the superhuman strength not to be defeated by this isolation. It is because he has had the almost unbelievable social adroitness to be able to fit in smoothly with an educated, soft-skinned person like myself and not make me frightened half to death. If Stuart's a freak, I salute freaks.
Anthony Liccione|Silent as a flower, her face fell in dismay, aware that the ghost of lust ate and left, sensing that there was a different scent of perfume consuming the room, and that she had numbered and counted the he loves me, he loves me not of each petal, where the lifeless dust had settle.
James Crumley|Son, never trust a man who doesn’t drink because he’s probably a self-righteous sort, a man who thinks he knows right from wrong all the time. Some of them are good men, but in the name of goodness, they cause most of the suffering in the world. They’re the judges, the meddlers. And, son, never trust a man who drinks but refuses to get drunk. They’re usually afraid of something deep down inside, either that they’re a coward or a fool or mean and violent. You can’t trust a man who’s afraid of himself. But sometimes, son, you can trust a man who occasionally kneels before a toilet. The chances are that he is learning something about humility and his natural human foolishness, about how to survive himself. It’s damned hard for a man to take himself too seriously when he’s heaving his guts into a dirty toilet bowl.
Robert Townsend|You know Morse Code?” Avian asked as we walked up.“My grandpa thought it was a fun game when I was little,” West said as he rubbed his eyes again. ”That’s a scientist’s version of fun for you.
Katlyn Charlesworth, The Tomorrows|Please challenge me becausewhenever I am challenged, I learn away to survive and a brillianttechnique to fight.
Martin Luther|The heart overflows with gladness, and leaps and dances for the joy it has found in God. In this experience the Holy Spirit is active, and has taught us in the flash of a moment the deep secret of joy. You will have as much joy and laughter in life as you have faith in God.
Seré Prince Halverson, All the Winters After|When I rode the train west,I went looking for something,but I didn't see anything wonderful.I didn't see anything better than what I already had.Home.
Rick Pitino|He who refuses to stoop, who cannot be bribed by the promise of success or the fear of failure - who walks the highway of the right, and in disaster stands erect, is the only victor.
Milan Kundera, Identity|Valentine went back to class without answering. That night Demosthenes published a scathing denunciation of the population limitation laws. People should be allowed to have as many children as they like, and the surplus population should be sent to other worlds, to spread mankind so far across the galaxy that no danger, no invasion could ever threaten the human race with annihilation. "The most noble title any child can have," Demosthenes wrote, "is Third.
William Paul Young, The Shack|He doesn’t stop a lot of things that cause him pain. Your world is severely broken. You demanded your independence, and now you are angry with the one who loved you enough to give it to you. Nothing is as it should be, as Papa desires it to be, and as it will be one day. Right now your world is lost in darkness and chaos, and horrible things happen to those that he is especially fond of… Papa has never needed evil to accomplish his good purposes. It is you humans who have embraced evil and Papa has responded with goodness. What happened to Missy was the work of evil and no one in your world is immune from it.”~Sophia
J.R. Ward, Lover Eternal|She’d found him. She’d helped him. She’d saved him. He was hers. And they’d taken him away, ripped him from her arms, literally.
Frank Zappa|The design of the Mac wasn't what it looked like, although that was part of it. Primarily, it was how it worked. To design something really well, you have to get it. You have to really grok what it's all about. It takes a passionate commitment to really thoroughly understand something, chew it up, not just quickly swallow it.
Jonathan Maas, City of Gods II: Horsemen|Delight is all around us you know, from the food we eat, to the night sky, to the dreams we have. It surrounds us with every moment, you just have to stop and take it in whenever you can.
James Riley, The Half Upon a Time Trilogy: Half Upon a Time; Twice Upon a Time; Once Upon the End|So what's the point, then, if we can't be happy? Why are we doing any of this?""Oh, there's definitely happiness," Jack said, turning his back on the ocean and looking at her. "But it's just about moments, not ever-afters." He grinned. "Like when you're right in the middle of the ocean with your friends, with no one trying to kill you in any kind of horrifying way. You have to appreciate these moments when they happen, 'cause obviously we don't get many of them.
James Dashner, The Maze Runner|They were from two different worlds. Two entirely different people. But upon their coming together, they created- they found- their own path and together they had their own world and in their own world, they were the same. Everyone else outside of it- everyone else was over there. Away. And they together- they together were here. They were right here. They were the same.
Nicole Deese, The Promise of Rayne|The more important factors are a man’s perseverance, his ability to innovate and think of new ideas, to be willing to adapt to changing conditions, to push almost tirelessly at a task or several at a time, during the difficult seasons as well as the prosperous. Certainly a man may be all these on his own, and succeed, wife or no – but to have a wife who possessed these qualities, who could bring out in her husband such steadiness and strength of character by her example and unyielding affection… The worth of such a wife is immeasurable. - James Laurence to his grandson, Laurie
Cassandra Clare, Lady Midnight|What could you do, when what threatened the ones you loved was something else you loved just as much?
Colbert, Wendy Staley|By the time we hit our forties, we've all known pain--it's been layered on us like so many coats of paint. Who's to say which heartbreak is the greatest: Losing a child or never having a romantic relationship? Surviving cancer or having a mentally ill son? All painful life events gouge deep furrows and cause emotions to bleed out of us--shock, sorrow, and dismay. Through these tragedies, we are constantly rediscovering ourselves, peeling off the personas we've created to fit in socially and reaching for the unaltered seed of self within us. We'll never completely know our raw core--never completely be able to separate the white of external influences from the yolk of our true selves. But we can ask the questions, keep on with the quest.
Elna Baker, The New York Regional Mormon Singles Halloween Dance: A Memoir|No sex?" He looked at me in disbelief. "Well if you can't have ze sex, what can you do?"For the sake of simplicity I took my left arm and lined it up just under my collarbones. "Nothing below here," I said. I took my right arm and lined it up to my knees. "Nothing above here.""What about your armpit?" he asked. "Can your boyfriend do anything he wants to your armpit?"I thought about it. Armpits seemed pretty harmless. "Yeah," I said optimistically. "My boyfriend can do anything he wants to my armpit.""This is good," the Frenchman said. "He can stick his penis in and out of your armpit, and if you grow hair there it is almost like vagine."Is it too late to change my answer? I wondered, pulling a cardigan over my bare shoulders and covering any hint of an invitation.
Philip Gourevitch, We Wish to Inform You That Tomorrow We Will Be Killed with Our Families|This is what fascinates me most in existence: the peculiar necessity of imagining what is, in fact, real.
William Thomson, 1st Baron Kelvin|Do not imagine that mathematics is hard and crabbed, and repulsive to common sense. It is merely the etherealization of common sense.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Choose to be pro-active, assertive and self-defining.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create.
Tim Hudson|I've been allowed to grow over the past twenty years. I've managed to avoid being trapped in one moment of my career and for that, I'm very thankful.
Bill Strickland, Make the Impossible Possible: One Man's Crusade to Inspire Others to Dream Bigger and Achieve the Extraordinary|Trust your passion, identify your dreams, and find the courage to share them with others, no matter how many times they call you a fool.
Menna Anwar|In a world of diversity, and cultural differences... there's no such thing as 'common' sense.
Tennessee Williams, Notebooks|I believe the way to write a good play is to convince yourself it is easy to do--then go ahead and do it with ease. Don't maul, don't suffer, don't groan till the first draft is finished. A play is a pheonix and it dies a thousand deaths. Usually at night. In the morning it springs up again from its ashes and crows like a happy rooster. It is never as bad as you think, it is never as good. It is somewhere in between, and success or failure depends on which end of your emotional gamut concerning its value it approaches more closely. But it is much more likely to be good if you think it is wonderful while you are writing the first draft. An artist must believe in himself. Your belief is contagious. Others may say he is vain, but they are affected.
Robert Dykstra, She Never Said Good-Bye|We live in a society that shuns guilt, hardly knows it. It is drummed into us: "Don't feel guilty." No one wants to pay the price of reconciliation, of atonement, of forgiveness.
Joris-Karl Huysmans, Against Nature|His scorn of humanity grew by what it fed on; he realized in fact that the world is mostly made up of solemn humbugs and silly idiots.There was no room for doubt; he could entertain no hope of discovering in another the same aspirations and the same antipa- thies, no hope of joining forces with a mind that, like his own, should find its satisfaction in a life of studious idleness; no hope of uniting a keen and doctrinaire spirit such as his, with that of a writer and a man of learning.
John    Hennessy|When his life was ruined, his family killed, his farm destroyed, Job knelt down on the ground and yelled up to the heavens, "Why god? Why me?" and the thundering voice of God answered, "There's just something about you that pisses me off.
George Bank|Learned and sociological accepted lines, boundaries, internal perimeters, and partitions diminish the creative space within our minds' that is poised and ready.
Chris Lange, Blade Heart|Frank heard the glass of water thump on the stand that he now imagined might be beside the bed, which meant it was. Finally something firm to grasp, in his mind and with his hand. He reached out very slowly, as he didn’t want to risk tearing the gauze that was so precariously holding his vital organs together. He felt wood. His fingers slid shakily over the corners of the table, feeling their reality, their solidity. He tried to picture it in his head, all rough hewn and unpainted, but the white kept slipping in, even though he knew Mexicans rarely painted anything with a neutral color. Still, there it was, a whitewashed bed stand in his mind. He tried to overlook it, and reached up higher to find the glass cylinder full of what his body was screaming out for, water.That was why he felt so tight, he figured. His tissues and muscles had all dried up, and he needed to rehydrate them before even attempting to move. So at last, grasping the all important container, his fingers straining against its mighty heft, he slowly slipped it to and then off of the edge of the little table. Vast oceans of bluey refuge sloshed against their constraints, spilling their powerful waves over the side, across his sleeping hand, and onto the bed sheets below that were undoubtedly as white as Santa’s fucking beard.But the spill, the great cresting of the breakers over the levee walls, tremendous in its awesome power and glory, had only served to excite him, to intrigue him, the refreshment that the backside of his hand was lapping up osmotically served only to stoke the great thirst within him, and with God steadying his hand, he tipped his gauze laden head up, muscled the glass towards his mouth with veins rippling in his arms, and tipped it.It was not a perfect pour. Water splashed against his forehead, his eyes still clenched tightly in their death struggle against the white, as he had no idea where his mouth was at that point anyway. But he really didn’t give a shit where the life giving fluid went, for he had become a very gauzey sponge, and his tissues would reach their strange and parched tendrils across the entire room if they must to soak up the precious juices that would in turn dissolve their steely grip and allow him to rise from his low perch and sallie forth across the blue fields of agave that awaited a non-suicidal tourist’s itinerary, just outside the door he could not remember but which must surely be bolted to an opening that must surely be the gateway to the very room in which he must surely be attempting to drink.
Gabriel García Márquez|I became aware that the invincible power that has moved the world is unrequited, not happy, love.
Henri Matisse|Love is the best thing in the world, and the thing that lives the longest.
Helen Rowland|By staying neutral, I end up being somebody that everybody can trust. Even if they don't always agree with my decisions, they know I'm not working against them.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|It's funny how, in this journey of life, even though we may begin at different times and places, our paths cross with others so that we may share our love, compassion, observations, and hope. This is a design of God that I appreciate and cherish.
Carl Sagan|I'm frequently asked, "Do you believe there's extraterrestrial intelligence?" I give the standard arguments- there are a lot of places out there, the molecules of life are everywhere, I use the word billions, and so on. Then I say it would be astonishing to me if there weren't extraterrestrial intelligence, but of course there is as yet no compelling evidence for it.Often, I'm asked next, "What do you really think?"I say, "I just told you what I really think.""Yes, but what's your gut feeling?"But I try not to think with my gut. If I'm serious about understanding the world, thinking with anything besides my brain, as tempting as that might be, is likely to get me into trouble. Really, it's okay to reserve judgment until the evidence is in.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Embracing human frailty, fallibility, and heartbreaking aloneness is crucial for any person seeking to attain self-actualization and self-realization.
Derric Yuh Ndim|when you are a child you unconsciously adopt certain beliefs. Yet, there comesthe necessity to upgrade these beliefs as you grow older.
Mehmet Murat ildan|By looking at only one place, you miss everything in all the other places! Look everywhere to see everything!
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|The more you read,the eager you read many more.
Molly Ringle, Persephone's Orchard|It had always been Roth; from the moment he swaggered into that d- alley, where I'd been unsuccessfully fighting off a demon, it had been him for me. Maybe I'd been too blind to see that after he returned from the pits. Maybe I had been too angry with him after the way he initially acted.
Balroop Singh|Conflicts in relationships are as natural as breathing. While conflicts lead to healthy relationships, they can throttle us if they are not addressed at the appropriate time.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|If I were to envy any persons on this planet, it would be mountain hermits. You often hear old platitudes such as, 'Speak out. Be heard.' On the contrary, a breath of fresh air would be something like: 'Silence, think for at least 15 minutes, and then maybe speak out.
Shulamith Firestone, The Dialectic of Sex: The Case for Feminist Revolution|All men are selfish, brutal and inconsiderate--and I wish I could find one.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I only wish to read, think and write.
Sherman Alexie|Should it happen tomorrow, I would fall to my knees to give thanks to God for such a career.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|Sometimes it is difficult to different between leaders and misleaders. However, with the measurement of true service to mankind, the evidence is very clear!
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Given the lethal enormity of sin and the inestimable value of a single soul, a baby in a manger and a man on a cross makes more sense that anything else I will ever be able to possibly imagine.
Chaim Potok, The Chosen|I went away and cried to the Master of the Universe, "What have you done to me? A mind like this I need for a son? A heart I need for a son, a soul I need for a son, compassion I want from my son, righteousness, mercy, strength to suffer and carry pain, that I want from my son, not a mind without a soul!
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Once You Realize your Purpose in Life, do whatever it Takes within Good means in order to Fulfill your Destiny. This is Your Life, No One can Live it for You. The Journey is Yours.
Paulo Coelho, Warrior of the Light|The masks. that men have as faces, the outward shells they hold up for others to see while their minds shift in hidden directions." Discard 2
Ogwo David Emenike, Happiness Recipe: Eat and Stay Happy|There is a good life. The goodnews is that you can live that good life. The good life is the happy life. To live this good life, be happy! A truly happy man is a good man.
Mark Batterson, A Trip Around the Sun: Turning Your Everyday Life Into the Adventure of a Lifetime|Excellence will give you the recognition you crave for, but humility will keep you standing longer than expected.
Crystal Woods, Write like no one is reading 3|I had a dream that Mark Wahlberg and his wife were our neighbors and we had dance parties in our living room and drank wine from Solo cups. I remember being confused as to why they lived in a regular neighborhood, or why it didn't seem to make anyone awkward that I had Marky's Calvin ads up in the living room.
Tig Notaro|When truth takes a backseat to ego and politics, trust is lost.
Robert Thier, Storm and Silence|Ships are my arrows, the sea my bow, the world my target.
Claire Harman|What importance should be given to details, in developing a subject?--Remorselessly sacrifice everything that does not contribute to clarity, verisimilitude, and effect.Accentuate everything that sets the main idea in relief, so that the impression be colourful, picturesque. It's sufficient that the rest be in its proper place, but in half-tone. That is what gives to style, as to painting, unity, perspective, and effect.- Constantin Georges Romain Héger, teacher to Charlotte Brontë
Alin Sav|I can´t get out of the box, while keeping God in the box.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|It's not life or death, the labyrinth. Suffering. Doing wrong and having wrong things happen to you.
Marti Noxon, Buffy the Vampire Slayer|Spike (to Giles) : Oh, poor Watcher. Did your life pass before your eyes — 'Cuppa tea, cuppa tea... almost got shagged... cuppa tea'?
Kevin Mitnick|You can be good at technology and like fashion and art. You can be good at technology and be a jock. You can be good at technology and be a mom. You can do it your way, on your terms.
LeAnne Mechelle, Write like no one is reading 2|I crave the violence of your affection. I ache for the way it jumbles my insides and makes my heart feel like it's harboring a thunderstorm. I've never felt more alive in all my time on this earth, as I have, being underneath your touch.
Katy Perry|Bringing good news is imparting hope to one's fellow man. The idea of redemption is always good news, even if it means sacrifice or some difficult times.
Shannon L. Alder|Your dignity can be mocked, abused, compromised, toyed with, lowered and even badmouthed, but it can never be taken from you. You have the power today to reset your boundaries, restore your image, start fresh with renewed values and rebuild what has happened to you in the past.
George Weah|In 1988, Christmas, that was my last performance because I moved to Hawaii to raise my son.
Robert A. Heinlein, Time Enough for Love|I’m tired of the lies and the cheating, and the broken promises that were never meant to be kept.
Rachel Gibson|Max looked around. "Where's your mutt?""Right here, asleep. He won't bite you again. I've talked to him about it, and he's really sorry
Gay Talese, Thy Neighbor's Wife|I remember the very day, sometime during the first two weeks of my five-year amorous sojourn in Brutland, when I was made privy to one of the most arcane of their utterings. The time was ripe for that major epiphany, my initiation into the sacred knowledge—or should I say gnosis?—of that all-important, quintessentially Brutish slang term, the word that endless hours of scholastic education by renowned mentors, plus years of scrupulous scrutiny into scrofulous texts, had disappointingly failed to impart to me, leaving me with that deep sense of emptiness begotten by hemimathy; the time was finally ripe for me to be transported by the velvety feel of the unvoiced palato-alveolar fricative, the élan of the unpronounceable and masochistically hedonistic front open-rounded vowel, and, last but not least, the (admittedly short) ejaculatory quality of the voiced velar stop: all three of them combined together to form that miraculous lexical item, the word shag.
Faye Hall|Excuses will always be made, and blame will always fall on the other. Though the truth is before you, your own love will forever blind you from it. I will not lose you just to prove a point, nor to shatter your heart with the reality before you. Instead I will smile. I will live. I will accept that it just is. I do not do this for them, but I will do it for you. I will do it because I love you." - from an untitled script
Epictetus|A man has no religion who has not slowly and painfully gathered one together, adding to it, shaping it; and one's religion is never complete and final, it seems, but must always be undergoing modification.
Anna Carey, Once|Why are you drinking? demanded the little prince."So that I may forget," replied the tippler."Forget what?" inquired the little prince, who was already sorry for him."Forget that I am ashamed," the tippler confessed, hanging his head."Ashamed of what?" insisted the little prince, who wanted to help him."Ashamed of drinking!
Daymond John|You can't reverse fame. You can lose all the money, but you'll never lose people knowing you.
J. Michael Straczynski|The best quality about Kobe Bryant? You want me to be honest? I don't know. I'll tell you why. I open my arms to everybody. But he never stepped forward for the embrace. So I never really got to know him. I don't know anything about him, and it's kinda sad.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|But he knew instinctively what he suggested was impossible. She'd been through so much, and held her tears back for so long, that Royce doubted that anything could force her to shed them.
Terry Goodkind, The First Confessor|In the future, violence would clearly become a valuable form of social cement.
Steve Benson|Gods are fragile things, they may be killed by a whiff of science or a dose of common sense. They thrive on servility and shrink before independence. They feed upon worship as kings do upon flattery. That is why the cry of gods at all times is “Worship us or we perish.” A dethroned monarch may retain some of his human dignity while driving a taxi for a living. But a god without his thunderbolt is a poor object.
Eleanor Roosevelt|It might not seem self-evident that impunity for white violence against blacks would engender black-on-black murder. But when people are stripped of legal protection and placed in desperate straits, they are more, not less, likely to turn on each other. Lawless settings are terrifying; if people can do whatever they want to each other, there are always enough bullies to make it ugly. Americans are nostalgic for the village setting and hold dear the notion of community, so the idea that the oppressed do not band together in solidarity is counter to our myths. But community spawns communal justice; the village gives rise to the feud.
Anna Carey, Eve|Normal. She wanted normal and so did I. "You know what's normal?""What?" She wiped away her remaining tears. "Calculus.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|12 Reasons Why People Avoid Eye Contact1.	They do not want to reveal their feelings.2.	They are not being honest and truthful.3.	It makes them feel vulnerable and exposed.4.	They are being rude or indifferent.5.	They are ashamed or embarrassed to talk about something.6.	They are nervous or lacking confidence.7.	It makes them feel very uncomfortable.8.	They are arrogant, snobby, and pretentious.9.	They are afraid of saying the wrong thing or looking stupid.10.	They are shy or introverted.11.	They are accessing internal thoughts or emotions to process and contemplate information.12.	Or as mentioned before, and important to remember, it may simply be a cultural value or behavior.
Jenny Han, Fire with Fire|What plagues people is not those who don't love them, but those who do.
Blythe Danner|There is no substitute for accurate knowledge. Know yourself, know your business, know your men.
Tom Spanbauer, The Man Who Fell in Love with the Moon|If I give you and apple and ask you, “What is that?”You reply, “An apple.”“How do you know it’s an apple.”“Because it just is.”“How did it get to be an apple?”“It came form an apple.”“Exactly. So when I ask you, ‘What are you?’ You can honestly say, ‘I am a child of God because I came from God.
M.F. Moonzajer|In a victory speech, I always like to thank the opposition, because without their help and stupidity, I couldn’t have won.
Micah Sparks, Three Weeks With My Brother|The vision one holds of one's life is so limited, reduced in scope to a moment, so that each person can make choices only within that narrowed reality.
Charlotte Eriksson|But who, in these modern times, slept well?
Count Basie|I think it's important to travel around in order to get a notion of what's going on, to find out what people are think about. I enjoy talking on campuses most because people are more informed and discussion is generally livelier.
Jason Robert Brown|You gotta live life before you can talk about it. Sometimes when things don't work out in life, they work out on stage.
E. Lockhart, Real Live Boyfriends: Yes. Boyfriends, Plural. If My Life Weren't Complicated, I Wouldn't Be Ruby Oliver|Roo: What’s your definition of popularity?Hutch: I used to think people were popular because they were good-looking, or nice, or funny, or good at sports. Roo: Aren’t they?Hutch: I’d think, if I could just be those things, I’d – you know – have more friends than I do. But in seventh grade, when Jackson and those guys stopped hanging out with me, I tried as hard as I could to get them to like me again. But then . . . (shaking his head as if to clear it) I don’t really wanna talk about it. Roo: What happened? Hutch: They just did some ugly stuff to me is all. And really, it was for the best. Roo: Why?Hutch: Because I was cured. I realized the popular people weren’t nice or funny or great-looking. They just had power, and they actually got the power by teasing people or humiliating them – so people bonded to them out of fear. Roo: Oh. Hutch: I didn’t want to be a person who could act like that. I didn’t want to ever speak to any person who could act like that. Roo: OhHutch: So then I wasn’t trying to be popular anymore. Roo: Weren’t you lonely?Hutch: I didn’t say it was fun. (He bites his thumbnail, bonsai dirt and all.) I said it was for the best.
Jim Lehrer|I'm quite an odd little part of the Venn diagram. I'm not a movie star and beautiful in that way. I do an odd thing that's funny and sad, and my face and my old body can take that.
Lisa Kleypas, Love in the Afternoon|What kind of wedding would you like?" he asked, and stole another kiss before she could reply."The kind that turns you into my husband." She touched the firm line of his mouth with her fingers. "What kind would you like?"He smiled ruefully. "A fast one.
Rob Bell, What We Talk about When We Talk about God|Take faith, for example. For many people in our world, the opposite of faith is doubt. The goal, then, within this understanding, is to eliminate doubt. But faith and doubt aren't opposites. Doubt is often a sign that your faith has a pulse, that it's alive and well and exploring and searching. Faith and doubt aren't opposites, they are, it turns out, excellent dance partners.
Christina Harlin, Possessed|In my experience, people who want to keep their painful injuries are using them as a crutch. They’re hiding from something.
Lindsey Brown|If religion is the cornerstone of morality, how come I so often find myself explaining why I don’t hate god to someone who’s expressed hatred for atheists, scientists, feminists, gays, intellectuals, and all other forms of infidels?
Maajid Nawaz|As a medical doctor, I have known the face of adversity. I have seen much of death and dying, suffering and sorrow. I also remember the plight of students overwhelmed by their studies and of those striving to learn a foreign language. And I recall the fatigue and frustration felt by young parents with children in need.
Steve Jobs|But I don't want to write my own fiction,' Cath said, as emphatically as she could. 'I don't want to write my own characters or my own worlds -- I don't care about them. . . . I'd rather pour myself into a world I love and understand than try to make something up out of nothing.
Thomas Hardy, Three Strangers And Other Stories|When a great team loses through complacency, it will constantly search for new and more intricate explanations to explain away defeat. After a while it becomes more innovative in thinking up how to lose than thinnking up how to win.
Various|Instant Reading. A certain famous Fakir was claiming in the village that he could teach an illiterate person to read by a lightning technique. Nasrudin stepped out of the crowd: 'Very well, teach me – now.' The Fakir touched the Mulla's forehead, and said: 'Now go home immediately and read a book.' Half an our later Nasrudin was back in the market-place, clutching a book. The Fakir had gone on his way. 'Can you read now, Mulla?' the people asked him. 'Yes, I can read – but that is not the point. Where is that charlatan?' 'How can he be a charlatan if he has caused you to read without learning?' 'Because this book, which is authoritative, says: “All Fakirs are frauds”.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|When we find that God's ways always coincide with our own ways, it's time to question who we're really worshipping, God or ourselves. The latter moves the nature of godliness from the King to our servant to a slave, a deduction into the realm of selfhood and then the lower, slavehood. It's a spiritual mathematics in that men who need God in his godhood are humble yet strong and spiritually ambitious while men who need a slave in their selfhood are ultimately paralyzed and will remain paralyzed.
Jeno Marz, Falaha's Journey Into Pleasure|All these years that I had been waiting for him to return, I had been too anxious and somewhat insecure to develop any plan of action. I had scrupulously avoided giving any thought to it until the time to tackle things head-on arrived, so now I was suffering the consequences of my own indecisiveness. But in all seriousness, what steady plan could there be in matters of the heart?
Jennifer Reeser, Fleur de Lis|Wie Gott in Frankreich'' was the expression used by the Jews of Eastern Europe to describe perfect happiness. I puzzled over this simile for many years, and I think I can interpret it now. God would be perfectly happy in France because he would not be troubled by prayers, observances, blessings and demands for the interpretation of difficult dietary questions. Surrounded by unbelievers He too could relax toward evening, just as thousands of Parisians do at their favorite cafes. There are few things more pleasant, more civilized than a tranquil terrasse at dusk.
Lise Hand|But everything had changed, and I was becoming more and more of who I really was, and less of this person I had thought I wanted to be.
Charles Stross, The Fuller Memorandum|Denying the facts is what enables people to hate and to persecute marginalized and threatened minority groups. Labeling the advocacy, educational and informational initiatives of these persecuted minority groups dismissively as 'propaganda for the gay agenda' undermines, belittles and trivializes the cause of those whose right to exist is under threat.
Valentina Hepburn, A DISH OF STONES|What would you like for your own life, Kate, if you could choose?”“Anything?”“Of course anything.”“That’s really easy, Aunty Ivy.”“Go on then.”“A straw hat...with a bright scarlet ribbon tied around the top and a bow at the back. A tea-dress like girls used to wear, with big red poppies all over the fabric. A pair of flat, white pumps, comfortable but really pretty. A bicycle with a basket on the front. In the basket is a loaf of fresh bread, cheese, fruit oh...and a bottle of sparkly wine, you know, like posh people drink. “I’m cycling down a lane. There are no lorries or cars or bicycles. No people – just me. The sun is shining through the trees, making patterns on the ground. At the end of the lane is a gate, sort of hidden between the bushes and trees. I stop at the gate, get off the bike and wheel it into the garden.“In the garden there are flowers of all kinds, especially roses. They’re my favourite. I walk down the little path to a cottage. It’s not big, just big enough. The front door needs painting and has a little stained glass window at the top. I take the food out of the basket and go through the door. “Inside, everything is clean, pretty and bright. There are vases of flowers on every surface and it smells sweet, like lemon cake. At the end of the room are French windows. They need painting too, but it doesn’t matter. I go through the French windows into a beautiful garden. Even more flowers there...and a veranda. On the veranda is an old rocking chair with patchwork cushions and next to it a little table that has an oriental tablecloth with gold tassels. I put the food on the table and pour the wine into a glass. I’d sit in the rocking chair and close my eyes and think to myself... this is my place.”From A DISH OF STONES
Camille Paglia|You have to do the work in your marriage, but it has to be laid on a strong foundation of love.
Z.A. Maxfield|Because just beingaround you makes me so fucking happy, you airhead. Ilike you. I want you. I see my unborn children in youreyes—okay scratch that one. I swear to fuck I’m notbeing flip here.” I sighed. “What my heart doeswhenever you’re near isn’t just about chemistry Cam.It’s like…stargazing. I feel insignificant and dazzled.Hopeful yet completely unprepared.
Abbie Chandler, The Veiled Soul|If they had met on different grounds, he may have been able to help her. Now all he could do was hope they reached the end with as little blood shed as possible.
Umair Naeem, Drowning Shadows|...I'm not in control and without a firm spot, like Archimedes I can't move the world - let alone your heart..
Dada Bhagwan|God resides in every living being, in the form of Chetan (Soul). One is not aware of this at all. That Soul is indeed the absolute Supreme Soul (Parmeshewar). Pure Chetan is pure Soul (Shuddhatma), and that indeed is the absolute Supreme Soul (Parmatma)!
Unknown|If you want to be successful, you must respect one rule. NEVER TO LIE TO YOURSELF.
Sam Raimi|I have a sneaking suspicion that if there were a way to make movies without actors, George Lucas would do it.
Allan Rufus, The Master's Sacred Knowledge|The most incredible architectureIs the architecture of Self,which is ever changing, evolving, revolving and has unlimited beauty and light inside which radiates outwards for everyone to see and feel. With every in breatheyou are adding to your lifeand every out breathe you are releasing what is not contributing to your life.Every breathe is a re-birth.
Brad Henry|Your every voter, as surely as your chief magistrate, exercises a public trust.
Michelle Horst|You can never run from your past; it defines who you are today. But, use your Awo given intelligence and enjoy the future…because THAT only comes once.’ VAALBARA The Land of Shadows
Angie karan|The heart is a treasure trove.... it is filled to the brink with beautiful Divine gifts. Whoever dives into it, finds that an endless supply, as vast as the great expanse of the Cosmic Ocean.... and even greater than this!
Nancy Pearcey|One hopes, of course, that a relationship grows and becomes a deep and wonderful marriage and friendship that lasts forever. But that's not always the case.
Unknown Author 909|He licked his lips. ‘Well, if you want my opinion-‘‘I don’t, ‘ She said. ‘I have my own.
Harold Pinter|Writing is learning to say nothing, more cleverly each day.
David Eagleman, Incognito: The Secret Lives of the Brain|Knowledge is as infinite as the universe. The man who claims to know all, only reveals to all that he really knows nothing.
Riki Jou|Every girl's beauty, whether it's inside or outside is a masterpiece.
Angelica Hopes|Film and novel characters are often stereotyped, but racial stereotyping in many novels or films creates & encourages labelling, discrimination & racism. ~Angelica Hopes
John Granger|When God is driven to the periphery of the public square, the human spiritual capacity longs for exercise, and it often finds it in the “suspension of disbelief” and activity of the imagination that are available in novels and movies.
Ben Fountain, Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk|...listening with absorbed attention more to her voice than to what she was saying, and thinking how like she was, flowering through her voice into beauty in the darkness, to some butterflies he had come across in the Swiss mountains the summer before. When they were folded up they were grey, mothlike creatures that one might easily overlook, but directly they opened their wings they became the loveliest things in the world, all rose-colour or heavenly blue. So had she been to him in the daylight that afternoon,--an ordinary woman, not in any way noticeable; but now listen to her, opening into beauty on the wings of her voice!
Jose Antonio Vargas|In about 9th grade, an English teacher told me I had a talent to act. He said I should audition for a performing arts high school, so I did on a whim. I got accepted. Then I got accepted at the Julliard School, and by then, I was serious about it.
Ken Hollings, Welcome to Mars: Politics, Pop Culture, and Weird Science in 1950s America|Dachux: It’s not like in the old days where you could kill a hogre or two, and nobody asked questions.
Ian Fleming, Casino Royale|When she had failed once or twice to respond to some conversational gambit or other, Bond also relapsed into silence and occupied himself with his own gloomy thoughts.
Lauren Handel Zander, Maybe It's You: Cut the Crap. Face Your Fears. Love Your Life.|Ever notice how on a bad day you never deserve a salad? I mean how long do you think your bad mood would really last if you only fed your brat celery? How many bad days would your brat tolerate if it no longer got rewarded a drink, a cigarette, or an entire Netflix series on the couch for it.
Kim Harrison, Pale Demon|Crazy people made him crazy. It was as if he personally resented them giving into madness - in part, because he so frequently labored to behave sanely. When some people gave up the labor of sanity, or failed at it, Garp suspected them of not trying hard enough. 
Auliq Ice|Human identity is no longer defined by what one does, but by what one owns. We worship self-indulgence & consumption.
J.C. McKenzie, Carpe Demon|On the plains of hesitation bleach the bones of countless millions who, at the dawn of decision, sat down to wait, and waiting died
Matshona Dhliwayo|Against all odds, a seed rises from darkness and beautifies the universe.
Gena Showalter, Lord of the Vampires|Sticks and stones may break my bones, but I might be a vampire so I don't give a shit. I'll heal
Frederick Buechner|For an atheist you will be always considered as a human no matter what, but for a religious if you don’t belong with them, you are always an infidel.
Bambang Purwadi|was i leaving a life that, if snuffed out in a plane crash, would leave a sweet aroma representative of what matters most?
Soraya Diase Coffelt, It's Not about You Mr. Santa Claus: A Love Letter about the True Meaning of Christmas|Shockingly, too many of our children don't read to grade level. Studies show that if a child does not read to grade level by third grade, that child is likely to drop out of school. I believe the love of reading begins at home. We should do all we can to make sure that our children and grandchildren stay in school and graduate. Reading to grade level is an important foundation.
Chris Robinson|I'm interested in authentic experience and the essence of that creative place, and where those myths begin and where they become real on any level.
Abhysheq Shukla, KISS Life  "Life is what you make it"|IF you want to be a winner than follow one simple rule and feed it in your mind. Take each task and work as " Do it yourself project.
Thomas S. Monson|The family is the focal point of our existence. And up until Jane and Lucy's death, there were always 16 of us together for Christmas.
|The right things to do aren't always the easiest actions to take. But we must push ourselves to do them, because without them life would forever seem empty or meaningless.
J.A. ANUM|You said we can't happen, but darling, we started happening the very first day we met.
Ben Aaronovitch, Whispers Under Ground|In Narnia a girl might ring a bell in a deserted temple and feel the chime in her eyes, pure as the freeze that forces tears. Then when the sound dies out, the White Witch wakes. It was like, I want to touch you, and I can touch you, now what next, a dagger?
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|We men are the miserable slaves of prejudice. But when a woman decides to sleep with a man, there is no wall she will not scale, no fortress she will not destroy, no moral consideration she will not ignore at its very root: there is no God worth worrying about.
Pooja Ruprell|Our eternal existence depends not on how much we have, or the network and power structure we have attained, and definitely not on our title or accomplishments at work. It depends on how much courage we exhibit in difficult times, the number of people we bring a smile to, and our sincerity at work, home and in society.
George Packer|... we shoved out many hopes and fears into their hands, believing those hands were strong because they had firm handshakes. They failed us, always. There was no way they could not fail us - they were human, and so were we.
Joe Navarro, What Every Body is Saying: An Ex-FBI Agent's Guide to Speed-Reading People|Place your allegiance and respect in what is everlasting and real, not in the transitory and false.
Dawn Jayne, Uprising|...you found me in my lonely labyrinth and like Beatrice, led me out of my own hell...
William Shatner|With my wife Camille's help, I took to social networking. I'm working with the computers.
Misha Collins|When you begin to worry, go find something to do. Get busy being a blessing to someone; do something fruitful. Talking about your problem or sitting alone, thinking about it, does no good; it serves only to make you miserable. Above all else, remember that worrying is totally useless. Worrying will not solve your problem.
Sally Ride|It doesn't matter at all for me that I work in hospital or anywhere with limited space. Every day, I'm creating new works with all my might.
Thomas Jefferson|I don't know if it's just my age or the climate or the high altitude or some of those old-cowboy values rubbing off on me, but I've grown slightly mellower living in Wyoming. I think if you ride into the West on a high horse, you pretty soon end up in a pile of manure.
Thich Nhat Hanh|My dad said to me, 'Work hard and be patient.' It was the best advice he ever gave me. You have to put the hours in.
David Levithan, My True Love Gave to Me: Twelve Holiday Stories|For my first recital ever, they gave me a cello. And for this one, they gave me you.
Lena Dunham|I mean, I - it's so funny, I am, you know, I am, you know, a working woman out in the world, but I still live with my parents half the time. I've been sort of taking this very long, stuttering period of moving out.
Lewis Black|First thing every morning before you arise say out loud, 'I believe,' three times.
Harmony Korine|When less than everything has been said about a subject, you can still think on further. The alternative is for the audience to be presented with a final deduction (...) no effort on their part.What can it mean to them when they have not shared with the author the misery and joy of bringing an image into being?
Rob Liano|Self respect, self worth and self love, all start with self. Stop looking outside of yourself for your value.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Shape|You ask how it is possible to be your own father and son. You should seek answers, although it is better to anticipate some, to be the light and dream.
Wole Soyinka|Power, of course. The primitive fear of being controlled. It does not matter whether it is an invasion from outer space or power wielded from a subterranean command post: some alien force is about to take control on us, to dominate - and, if necessary in the process, to terminate our existence. We never stop to think - or, at best, a secondary consideration is whether such a force might be for the good, that humanity might indeed be improved by such a takeover. Volition, to which we desperately cling, is the very definition of our mature completion as social beings.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|In most forms of exercise one’s breath follows the movement—the faster and harder you work, the faster and harder you will breathe. In yoga, the exact opposite is true. Rather than changing the breath to match one’s movement, the movement is changed to follow the breath. In doing so, a yogi gains immediate and unconditional access to the deepest levels of consciousness, because just as breath and movement are connected, so too is the breath bound tightly to the mind.
Neel Burton|If you say it very softly, with a smile, you can get away with saying almost anything, even the truth.
Tom Brady|I love what I do, and when you love what you do, you want to be the best at it.
Debasish Mridha|Don't be a leader to dictate, but be a person whom everyone wants to emulate and follow.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|My heart skipped a beat and then flat-out tripped over itself and fell on its face. Then my heart stood up, brushed itself off, took a deep breath and announced: "I want a spiritual teacher.
Karen Salmansohn, Bounce Back Book|View your life with KINDSIGHT. Stop beating yourself up about things from your past. Instead of slapping your forehead and asking, “What was I thinking,” breathe and ask yourself the kinder question, “What was I learning?
Thomas Sowell|I try to keep in mind that it's a long journey. It's not a race. It's about staying focused, continuing to do good work, make my family and community proud; that's all I really want to do... and pay my bills.
John Eldredge, Love and War: Finding the Marriage You've Dreamed Of|Prayer is such an intimate act, a place of vulnerability. It is, hopefully, when we are our least guarded, our most honest selves. And this is good, of course; this is as it ought to be. When we come to God, we certainly want to come as honestly and openly as we can; we want to be our truest selves before him. Prayer lets us be in a place of need.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|We face many trials, beyond our human ability to endure. We learn to depend on only God’s grace.
Tom  Carter, Unsavory Elements: Stories of Foreigners on the Loose in China|No wonder prostitution is so rampant in China, I mused as I watched the four girls watch us: why stand on your feet all day for slave wages when you can get rich on your back?
Jane Austen, Persuasion|It is a difference of opinion which does not admit of proof. We each begin probably with a little bias towards our own sex, and upon that bias build every circumstance in favour of it which has occurred within our own circle;
Edward Verrall Lucas|The truth is the only thing worth having, and, in a civilized life, like ours, where so many risks are removed, facing it is almost the only courageous thing left to do.
Shaynee Gokool|Let there be light,let there be life.
Collette West, Night Games|You need time, and I respect that. But make no mistake about it, I intend to make you mine again. I’m fully aware this won’t be easy. I gave up on us once; it won’t happen again.
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|You aren't allowed out of the graveyard -it's aren't, by the way, not amn't, not these days-because it's only in the graveyard that we can keep you safe. This is where you live and this is where those who love you can be found. Outside would not be safe for you. Not yet.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Believe in Your HeartBelieve in your heart that you're meant to live a life full of passion, purpose, magic and miracles.
Ronald Rolheiser|Social justice has to do with issues such as poverty, inequality, war, racism, sexism, abortion, and lack of concern for ecology because what lies at the root at each of these is not so much someone's private sin but rather a huge, blind system that is inherently unfair.
Orison Swett Marden|Happiness is not a matter of intensity but of balance, order, rhythm and harmony.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|When you think you can, you will have the grace take action.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Before you chase success, status, power, wealth fame or love; first fall in love with yourself - for the person you'll be if and when you get there is still the same. Success will be a painful path and an empty trophy without self acceptance, self worth or if littered with self hate.
Ayn Rand, The Romantic Manifesto|In art, and in literature, the end and the means, or the subject and the style, must be worthy of each other.That which is not worth contemplating in life, is not worth re-creating in art.
Shawn Amos|There's no handbook for parenting. So you walk a very fine line as a parent because you are civilizing these raw things. They will tip the coffee over and finger-paint on the table. At some point, you have to say, 'We're gonna have to clean that up because you don't paint with coffee on a table.'
Niall Ferguson, Civilization: The West and the Rest|Any time you can gain clarity and higher meaning, you allow more inner peace and more prosperity.
Tiger Woods|I'm just shocked and thankful that I've gotten away with everything - experimenting here, trying at this, failing at that, being good in some things, not so good in others. It's kind of amazing that people are still sticking by me. When they come up to me in the street, I just want to write them all cheques.
Frank Kusy, Rupee Millionaires|Damoder climbed slowly to his feet. 'Buy lot!' he wheedled, 'I am poor man. I sell you cheap. I am bank-Rupert! Apparently the only things that could save him from bank-rupertcy were our dollars.
C.S. Lewis|I think that if God forgives us we must forgive ourselves. Otherwise, it is almost like setting up ourselves as a higher tribunal than Him.
Stanley Victor Paskavich, Stantasyland: Quips Quotes and Quandaries|I'll admit it I'm on acid: uric acid! It makes my gout hurt like hell, but the foods I eat are so damn well
Marcel Duchamp|I like living, breathing better than working...my art is that of living. Each second, each breath is a work which is inscribed nowhere, which is neither visual nor cerebral, it's a sort of constant euphoria.
De philosopher DJ Kyos|Once you being defensive in your answer. Just know there is the truth in the question you have been asked, or there is truth in what they are saying to you.
Bryanna Reid|The same people who wear shirts that read “fuck your feelings” and rail against “political correctness” seem to believe that there should be no social consequences for [voting for Trump]. I keep hearing calls for empathy and healing, civility and polite discourse. As if supporting a man who would fill his administration with white nationalists and misogynists is something to simply agree to disagree on.Absolutely not. You don’t get to vote for a person who brags about sexual assault and expect that the women in your life will just shrug their shoulders. You don’t get to play the victim when people unfriend you on Facebook, as if being disliked for supporting a bigot is somehow worse than the suffering that marginalized people will endure under Trump. And you certainly do not get to enjoy a performance by people of color and those in the LGBT community without remark or protest when you enact policies and stoke hatred that put those very people’s lives in danger.Being socially ostracized for supporting Trump is not an infringement of your rights, it’s a reasonable response by those of us who are disgusted, anxious, and afraid. I was recently accused by a writer of “vote shaming” – but there’s nothing wrong with being made to feel ashamed for doing something shameful.
Jenny Han, To All the Boys I've Loved Before|The more you rely on intellectual and philosophical concepts of God, the more difficult it becomes to simply experience and enjoy the wonder of God.
Judith Martin|When virtues are pointed out first, flaws seem less insurmountable.
Olaf Stapledon, Star Maker|And who ever said the world was fair, little lady? Maybe death is fair, but certainly not life. We must accept the unfairness as proof of the sublime flux of existence, the capricious music of the universe- and go on about our tasks
F. Scott Fitzgerald|I lived through those books, songs, television shows, and movies - the way the characters talked, looked, acted. I thought that could translate over into reality, that I could make their world my world. I wanted so badly to run away from my life. But you can't bury yourself in other people's pages and scenes. You aren't David Copperfield or Tom Sawyer. Those love songs on the radio might speak to you, but they're not about you or the person you pine for. Life is not a John Hughes film.
Chris Anderson, The Long Tail: Why the Future of Business is Selling Less of More|There's a value in that space - rent, overhead, staffing costs, etc. - that has to be paid back by a certain number of inventory turns per month. In other words, the onesies and twosies waste space. However, when that space doesn't cost anything, suddenly you can look at those infrequent sellers again, and they begin to have value. This was the insight that led to Amazon, Netflix, and all the other companies I was talking to.
Jane D. Hull|People with mental health problems are almost never dangerous. In fact, they are more likely to be the victims than the perpetrators. At the same time, mental illness has been the common denominator in one act of mass violence after another.
Sunday Adelaja|The most revolutionary aspect of the Protestant teaching however, is the fact that the Protestants began to look for ways and means to serve God better through inventions, discoveries, researches, sciences, factories, industries, etc.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld|The fact that people in Hollywood are open to what I teach is not because they're more desperate than anyone else, but because they're more touched by it. That's not their weakness. It's their strength!
Latika Teotia|Today when you pray increase the circle of people you pray for and include even those who are unkind to you. It will make your vibrations more loving and you will be able to connect more. With every breath breathe in all the negativity, turn it into love as well as compassion and breathe out peaceful vibrations. Wish every living being well. When you are filled with love and compassion you always live a blissful life.
Lakia Gordon|One thing that unites triumphant entrepreneurs, whether in Brooklyn, San Francisco or Great Falls, Montana, is strength of character.Individuality is the goal that we all strive to excel at in some way; the notion that we are distinct, special, that there is something teachable about our wisdom, something remarkable about our outlook.
Gretchen Rubin, The Happiness Project: Or Why I Spent a Year Trying to Sing in the Morning, Clean My Closets, Fight Right, Read Aristotle, and Generally Have More Fun|Properly directed thoughts result in properly directed actions. The only way to appropriately guide our thoughts is to know their foundation, our values.
Alvi Syahrin|Seeing your own name on the book cover is like hearing your book saying, "Hi. Thanks for writing me!
Hailey Giblin, Hailey's Story|Do not focus on your failings, for you will only encourage them. If you keep beating yourself up on the head over these, you will only reinforce them.
J.M. Darhower, Sempre|You can play it safe, and I wouldn't blame you for it. You can continue as you've been doing, and you'll survive, but is that what you want? Is that enough?
Naomie Harris|It's my firm intention to whop cancer into submission and I truly believe I've given myself the best start possible by radically overhauling my diet and by staying true to my motto, which is: Don't worry, be happy, feel good. The first thing I did when I was diagnosed was to turn vegan.
Robert Orben|Remember the days when you let your child have some chocolate if he finished his cereal? Now, chocolate is one of the cereals.
Morgan Matson, Amy & Roger's Epic Detour|Roger, he has a chain saw," I hissed. "I am not going to die in Kentucky!
M.A.Kelty|Small kindnesses, small courtesies, small considerations, habitually practised in our social intercourse, give a greater charm to the character than the display of great talents and accomplishments.
Sloane Crosley|I'm a summer baby, so I usually have my birthday as a good summer memory.
Linda Howard, Loving Evangeline|How ‘bout you, Jena?” He leaned closer, speaking in an exaggerated whisper. “We could go somewhere private. I know you probably got some scars from being shot, but you can’t see a scar in the dark, right?”	The dickwad was offering her a pity fuck in a darkened room?
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Conversations with Professor Y|   "Fine! Fine! I'm listening...but it's not very interesting!...   "Oh, that's what you think! that's what you think! but nothing is very interesting, dear Professor Y! jot this down! take some notes!"   "What notes?"   "Just write!...that if it weren't for wars, alcohol, blood pressure and cancer, the people in our atheistic Europe would soon be bored to death of life!
Timothy Leary|I don't know if high society is different in other cities, but in Hollywood, important people can't stand to be invited someplace that isn't full of other important people. They don't mind a few unfamous people being present because they make good listeners.
Frédéric Gros, A Philosophy of Walking|Think while walking, walk while thinking, and let writing be but the light pause, as the body on a walk rests in contemplation of wide open spaces.
Richard Preston|... tree has had a stroke, and its top dies. A redwood can deal with a stroke. It simply grows a new top in a few centuries.
William Landay|Each day, each one of us chooses not to do many things that would be legal but offensive to those around us.
Robert Green Ingersoll|Happiness is the bomb cosmetic! When I'm smiling, sometimes I'm giving thanks for all the things I have rather than worrying about the things I don't.
Ashok  Kallarakkal|When you are in a fix, often the fix is in you.
B.E. Scully, The Tower of Together|Life's messy," he agreed. "But sometimes amazing things can happen, even when it seems like it's all falling apart.
Paulo Coelho, Warrior of the Light|The Warrior of the Light is a believer.Because he believes in miracles, miracles begin to happen. Because he is sure that his thoughts can change his life, his life begins to change. Because he is certain that he will find love, love appears.
Terry Pratchett, A Slip of the Keyboard: Collected Non-Fiction|Far more beguiling than the idea that evil can be destroyed by throwing a piece of expensive jewelry into a volcano is the possibility that evil can be defused by talking. The fantasy of justice is more interesting than the fantasy of fairies, and more truly fantastic.
Elmina Drake Slenker, Studying the Bible|[On David Hume]Although he never admitted to being an atheist as such, he was clearly and unquestionably the most vividly elegant skeptic of them all.
Lawrence Welk|I just wrote a book. But don't go and buy it yet, because I don't think it's finished.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Where there is wisdom there is life,and where there is evil there is death.Folly is your enemy and so are fools;wisdom is your friend and so are the wise.
J.R.R. Tolkien, Tree and Leaf: Includes Mythopoeia and The Homecoming of Beorhtnoth|Not long ago-incredible though it may seem-I heard a clerk of Oxford declare that he 'welcomed' the proximity of mass-production robot factories, and the roar of self-obstructive traffic, because it brought his university into 'contact with real life.' He may have meant that the way men were living and working in the twentieth century was increasing in barbarity at an alarming rate, and that the loud demonstration of this in the streets of Oxford might serve as a warning that it is not possible to preserve for long an oasis of sanity in a desert of unreason by mere fences, without actual offensive action (practical and intellectual). I fear he did not. In any case the expression 'real life' in this context seems to fall short of academic standards. The notion that motor-cars are more 'alive' than, say, centaurs or dragons is curious; that they are more 'real' than, say, horses is pathetically absurd. How real, how startlingly alive is a factory chimney compared with an elm tree: poor obsolete thing, insubstantial dream of an escapist!
Ameya Agrawal, A Leap Within|It's success, which makes you beautiful.
Scott Hahn, Hope for Hard Times|For the rest of his life, Oliver Twist remembers a single word of blessing spoken to him by another child because this word stood out so strikingly from the consistent discouragement around him.
Liz Welch, The Kids Are All Right: A Memoir|I am intrigued with scriptural mythology that tells us that God created a divine feminine presence to dwell amongst humanity. This concept has had a constant influence on the work. I have imagined her as ubiquitous, watchful, and often in motion. This work is, in effect, the photographic image of the invisible.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|. . .Tell me, Clare: why on earth would a lovely girl like you want to marry H
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Don't rush to design your face to look beautiful, attractive and charming. Rather, be quicker to decorate your mind to appear as goal-oriented, passion-embedded and action-driven.
Benny Bellamacina|Love life, Live Love
Michael Paterniti|At Christmas time, I spent an extortionate amount of money on Buzz Lightyear toys, baby clothes, Disney cars and the like.
Christina Lauren, Autoboyography|I am a monster beneath him, with arching hips, an octopus with hands everywhere at once. I don't think anything in the history of time has felt this good.
Thomas Jefferson|Racism oppresses its victims, but also binds the oppressors, who sear their consciences with more and more lies until they become prisoners of those lies. They cannot face the truth of human equality because it reveals the horror of the injustices they commit.
Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio|Caius was one of those who gloried in his ignorance, called his lack of letters purity, scorned any subtlety of thought or expression. A man for his time, indeed.
Krystyna Allyn, Finding Kylie|I know you’re afraid of me. I can smell your fear, and I actually kind of like it.
E.M. Forster|The main facts in human life are five: birth, food, sleep, love and death.
Harshit Walia|Every man has three worlds. What he perceives, what he shows to the world and his reality. The third one is the mystery to be lived.
G.K. Chesterton|Science must not impose any philosophy, any more than the telephone must tell us what to say.
Banana Yoshimoto, N.P|I saw the sky and sea and sand and the flickering flames of the bonfire through my tears. All at once, it rushed into my head with tremendous speed, and made me feel dizzy. It was beautiful. Everything that happened was shockingly beautiful, enough to make you crazy.
Philippe Claudel, Brodeck|Την επομένη δεν κουνήθηκα, όλη μέρα αναμασούσα τις σκέψεις μου. Σκεφτόμουν την Ιστορία, με κεφαλαία, και τη δική μου ιστορία, τη δική μας. Αυτοί που γράφουν την πρώτη γνωρίζουν τη δεύτερη; Πώς η μνήμη κάποιων συγκρατεί αυτό που άλλοι έχουν ξεχάσει ή δεν το είδαν ποτέ; Ποιος έχει δίκιο, αυτός που είναι αποφασισμένος να μην εγκαταλείψει στο σκοτάδι το παρελθόν ή αυτός που πετάει στη λήθη ό,τι δεν τον βολεύει; Μήπως, για να ζήσεις, για να συνεχίσεις να ζεις, ίσως πρέπει ν’ αποφασίσεις ότι η πραγματικότητα δεν είναι απολύτως αληθινή ή μήπως πρέπει να επιλέξεις μιαν άλλη πραγματικότητα όταν αυτή που έχεις βιώσει σου είναι δυσβάσταχτη; Άλλωστε αυτό δεν έκανα στο στρατόπεδο; Δεν επέλεξα να ζήσω με την ανάμνηση και την προσδοκία της Εμέλια, πετώντας την καθημερινότητά μου στην εξωπραγματικότητα του εφιάλτη; Μήπως η Ιστορία είναι η μέγιστη αλήθεια υφασμένη από εκατομμύρια ξεχωριστά ψέματα, όπως οι παλιές κουβέρτες που έφτιαχνε η Φεντορίν για να μας θρέψει όταν ήμουν παιδί και φαίνονταν καινούριες και πανέμορφες μέσα στο ουράνιο τόξο των χρωμάτων τους, ενώ αποτελούνταν από κουρέλια, ανομοιογενή σχήματα, μαλλιά αμφίβολης ποιότητας κι άγνωστης προέλευσης;
James Hillman, Suicide and the Soul|To hope for nothing, to expect nothing, to demand nothing. This is analytical despair.
Martha Grimes|There was only silence. It was the silence of matter caught in the act and embarrassed. There were no cells moving, and yet there were cells. I could see the shape of the land, how it lay holding silence. Its poise and its stillness were unendurable, like the ring of the silence you hear in your skull when you're little and notice you're living the ring which resumes later in life when you're sick.
Wilhelm Reich, The Sexual Revolution: Toward a Self-governing Character Structure|The institution of marriage would be damaged. Ideologically, marital morality must be kept intact, in spite of the contradictory facts of sexual life, because marriage is the backbone of the authoritarian family, which in turn is the breeding ground for authoritarian ideologies and character structure.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers|The king was silent. "Ents!" he said at length. "Out of the shadows of legend I begin a little to understand the marvel of the trees, I think. I have lived to see strange days. Long we have tended our beasts and our fields, built our houses, wrought our tools, or ridden away to help in the wars of Minas Tirith. And that we called the life of Men, the way of the world. We cared little for what lay beyond the borders of our land. Songs we have that tell of these things, but we are forgetting them, teaching them only to children, as a careless custom. And now the songs have come down among us out of the strange places, and walk visible under the Sun.""You should be glad," Théoden King," said Gandalf. "For not only the little life of Men is now endangered, but the life also of those thing which you have deemed the matter of legend. You are not without allies, even if you know them not.""Yet also I should be sad," said Théoden. "For however the fortune of war shall go, may it not so end that much that was fair and wonderful shall pass for ever out of Middle-earth?
Scott Stabile|Approaching this day with optimism and fire, with patience and determination, with compassion and love.
Lailah Gifty Akita|...we spend a lot of time defining behavior by the negative "that was inappropriate." These commands are vague and inefficient...Telling students what to do in a way that is specific, concrete, sequential and observable refocuses us on teaching.
Ronnie McBrayer|Jesus does not demand of us higher standards, he offers us himself. Jesus does not require of us super-human ability or commitments. He gives us his ability and grace.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 1: 1931-1934|How can I accept a limited definable self when I feel, in me, all possibilities?... I never feel the four walls around the substance of the self, the core. I feel only space. Illimitable space.
Bidemi Mark-Mordi|In walking or working your dream, arriving is a bad thing, because arriving makes you do things you said you wouldn’t do when you started.
Cesare Beccaria|Genuine happiness comes from within, and often it comes in spontaneous feelings of joy.
Diyar Harraz, One Minute to Midnight|Horror was written all over his face as he began to understand that that child of his wasn’t stupid, or immune to what he had done in the past. It had greatly affected her.
Kirsten Miller, Inside the Shadow City|When I grow up, I'd like to be dangerous.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|I'll call any length of fiction a story, whether it be a novel or a shorter piece, and I'll call anything a story in which specific characters and events influence each other to form a meaningful narrative. I find that most people know what a story is until they sit down to write one. Then they find themselves writing a sketch with an essay woven through it, or an essay with a sketch woven through it, or an editorial with a character in it, or a case history with a moral, or some other mongrel thing. When they realize that they aren't writing stories, they decide that the remedy for this is to learn something that they refer to as "the technique of the short story" or "the technique of the novel." Technique in the minds of many is something rigid, something like a formula that you impose on the material; but in the best stories it is something organic, something that grows out of the material, and this being the case, it is different for every story of any account that has ever been written.
Jensen Ackles|When 'I'm Sorry' came out and became such a huge hit, that made 'Rockin' Around The Christmas Tree' start selling. Then that became a huge, huge hit.
Dashama Konah Gordon, Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga|It is key to remember we can maintain a genuine enthusiasm and love for what IS, in the PRESENT moment, enjoy it with gratitude for all of the blessings in our lives.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, The Social Contract|They criticize me for harping on the obvious; if all the folks in the United States would do the few simple things they know they ought to do, most of our big problems would take care of themselves.
Richard Pryor|Social democracy seeks and finds the ways, and particular slogans, of the workers' struggle only in the course of the development of this struggle, and gains directions for the way forward through this struggle alone.
Brie Larson|I won't do things for money. I can't. So I'll hold out and say, in my mind, 'There's a really cool diner down the street from my house. They make really good pancakes; I'd be happy doing that.'
Lloyd Alexander, The Black Cauldron|Only the wicked understand the ways of the wicked, my dear. ~Madame Zelda to Roller Deb
Francois Pinault|Someone once told me that religion is like a knife: You can stab someone with it, or you can slice bread with it.
Mehmet Murat ildan|It requires something more than personal experience to gain a philosophy or point of view from any specific event. It is the quality of our response to the event and our capacity to enter into the lives of others that help us to make their lives and experiences our own. In my own case my convictions have derived and developed from events in the lives of others as well as from my own experience. What I have seen meted out to others by authority and repression, economic and political, transcends anything I myself may have endured.
Coco Chanel|All right, so give me some idea of what you can do," says Haymitch.I can’t do anything," says Peeta, "unless you count baking bread."Sorry, I don’t. Katniss. I already know you’re handy with a knife,” says Haymitch.Not really. But I can hunt,” I say. “With a bow and arrow.”And you’re good?” asks Haymitch.I have to think about it. I’ve been putting food on the table for four years. That’s no small task. I’m not as good as my father was, but he’d had more practice. I’ve better aim than Gale, but I’ve had more practice. He’s a genius with traps and snares. “I’m all right,” I say.
Christopher Hawke, Unnatural Truth|The journey was a surreal dream. This world was about knowing the person you’d always wanted to be and setting your foot down to it, remembering the person you’d thought you were as a child and rejoicing in its living, breathing actuality.
Marie Lu, Legend|Not that kind of cheating," Mags said. "More like...skipping ahead. If you like someone, you should have to make an effort. You should have to get to know the person--you should have to work for that first kiss.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Where do we get the notion that our idea of success and God’s are the same? You have written a book; you are a clever manager and promoter; you are a talented artist; you are independently wealthy; you have achieved fame and fortune. Without the gifts of intelligence, imagination, personality, and physical energy—which are all endowed by God—where would you be?
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|Feeding the ego is starving the wisdom, the choice is yours.
Nkem Paul, The Art of Achievement and Fulfillment: Fundamental Principles to Overcome Obstacles and Turn Dreams Into Reality!|For business and life, if you are not experiencing growth, you’re possibly dying.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|The experience of frustration comes from the separation we impose between our yearning and our fear. Generally, we yearn for that which we fear, or at least fear the unknown (mystery, and therefore and paradoxically, truth) that will be caused through the pursuit of yearning. The more the separation between these two, yearning and fear, the more frustration if you are conscious, or the more neurosis if you are not (literally, “I can’t stand the frustration, I’m going crazy”).
Latika Teotia|Words bite. They hurt more than physical blows. External hurt disappears after some time but the wounds that words leave linger on and on. It’s very difficult to erase them from your heart- some cruel words get permanently engraved. So choose your words carefully, choose them wisely, because, words once uttered cannot be taken back.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|Mastery lies on an infinite continuum, and as a result we will never reach the end. We can, however, see to it that we are as far along that continuum as our circumstance allows.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|Life,” said Marvin dolefully, “loathe it or ignore it, you can’t like it.
Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance|Silence. How long it lasted, I couldn't tell. It might have been five seconds, it might have been a minute. Time wasn't fixed. It wavered, stretched, shrank. Or was it me that wavered, stretched, and shrank in the silence? I was warped in the folds of time, like a reflection in a fun house mirror.
John Cameron Mitchell|Many founders hire just because it seems like a cool thing to do, and people always ask how many employees you have.
John Crowley, Little, Big|There was after all no mystery in the end of love, no mystery but the mystery of love itself, which was large certainly but as real as grass, as natural and unaccountable as bloom and branch and their growth.
Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa, The Leopard|In school, we learned about the world before ours, about the angels and gods that lived in the sky, ruling the earth with kind and loving hands. Some say those are just stories, but I don't believe that. The gods rule us still. They have come down from the stars. And they are no longer kind.
Kira Salak, Four Corners: A Journey into the Heart of Papua New Guinea|Nita: I think I overdid the vulnerability stuff in this last letter. and that’s why I’m having an anxiety attack.Howard: With the vulnerability comes the possibility that you’ll be betrayed. Now that you’ve laid yourself wide open, I am the agent of this betrayal? It’s not my style.Nita: I’ve thought it wasn't other people’s style, too.
Jennifer Worth, Shadows of the Workhouse|Raising a child whether yours or not, is being anointed by God to be the guardian of his Kingdom in a form of a child.
Amit Kalantri|Peace shouldn't be an option, it must be the objective, peace shouldn't be a possibility, it must be the purpose.
Warren Christopher|It is impossible to preserve my friendship with people who are allegedly leaders when they are attacking their own people, shooting at them, using tanks and other forms of heavy weaponry.
Pierre-Joseph Proudhon|If you can see a cop in your rear view mirror - no matter how far back the cop is - TURN!" according to Attorney Rex Curry, "The sooner you turn the better. Your goal while driving should be to never let a law enforcement officer into a position where he can pull you over. Don't even let them come close enough to read your tag.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Our spiritual history is the history of God-ventriloquists! The truth is that the voice of God is the voice of cunning Man, the ventriloquist's voice!
Vincent Van Gogh|What is a scientist after all? It is a curious man looking through a keyhole, the keyhole of nature, trying to know what's going on.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The Holy Spirit will teach you, how to distinguish between right and wrong doctrines
Anne Michaels, Fugitive Pieces|When you focus on gratitude, positive things flow in more readily, making you even more grateful.
William Hope Hodgson, The House on the Borderland|The laws of nature cannot be randomly reshuffled at the cusps [of an oscillating universe]. If the universe has already gone through many oscillations, many possible laws of gravity would have been so weak that, for any given initial expansion, the universe would not have held together. Once the universe stumbles upon such a gravitational law, it flies apart and has no further opportunity to experience another oscillation and another cusp and another set of laws of nature. Thus we can deduce from the fact that the universe exists either a finite age, or a severe restriction on the kinds of laws of nature permitted in each oscillation. If the laws of physics are not randomly reshuffled at the cusps, there must be a regularity, a set of rules, that determines which laws are permissible and which are not. Such a set of rules would comprise a new physics standing over the existing physics. Our language is impoverished; there seems to be no suitable name for such a new physics. Both 'paraphysics' and 'metaphysics' have been preempted by other rather different and, quite possibly, wholly irrelevant activities. Perhaps 'transphysics' would do.
Ma Boyong, Invisible Planets: Contemporary Chinese Science Fiction in Translation|Technology is neutral. But the process of technology will cause a free world to become ever freer, and a totalitarian world to become ever more repressive.
Ray Bradbury, The Martian Chronicles|You could see her thoughts swimming around in her eyes, like fish - some bright, some dark, some fast, quick, some slow and easy, and sometimes, like when she looked up where Earth was, being nothing but colour and nothing else.
Euripides, Medea|O what will she do, a soul bitten into with wrong?
J.D. Stark|Through the "Strength" of one and his simple existence, there will be a transformation affecting many because of just one life.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Whether between man and women, man and man, or woman and woman; look not towards any system that binds society created by man for guidance, but be guided by the principles of love. Love is the only law that commands this universe, and is the only language that is understood universally.
M.A. George, Relativity|See, that’s just it…You shouldn’t even know sayings like that,” I griped. “It takes normal people years to pick up on all those little phrases. Do you have any idea how stupid I feel, when I can’t even say ‘Hello, my name is Palta…Oh, and by the way—I’m the village idiot.’?
Martha Sweeney, Breathe In|Despite his attractiveness, Sandie couldn’t have been more disappointed. She lamented, thinking that she should have known that it would have just been another stupid cowboy like her father to show up. Still, she couldn’t help but hope that he would be some sort of comfort, even if only as company and a hand with the sometimes back-breaking work. He certainly was easy on the eyes, and his warm smile conveyed a sort of gentleness that was almost entirely foreign to her. The way he extended his hand earnestly, even removing his hat when walking up to her, made her feel respected and appreciated.
Kala Ambrose|Spirit does not exist in just one location; rather it is all encompassing, living within and amongst us in each moment, thought and action. I believe that Spirit is raised to it's highest level, when individuals gather with wisdom, compassion and a discerning desire to provide service to humanity". We are all One, One Energy, from One Light. Let us band together as Humans, with love for all of humanity, living each day in harmony as we explore our spirit.
James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology|I see the impossible work being done by of my friends at the federal agencies, the Pentagon, NATO, Five Eyes and the intelligence community. They are doing the impossible, for the ungrateful and with a fraction of the budgets required to render a viable defense.
Peter Bergen|On immigration, Trump needs an articulate policy that aims to secure the border and keep out illegals while letting in skilled legal workers.
Kayla Krantz|That’s what he is—a snake, a dangerous predator—and here I am, a mouse…waiting to be devoured.Luna Ketz, Rise Above Twilight
Michael A. Arnzen|Do not wander in the deeps,Where the Shriker's shadow creeps.When he rises from beneath,Beware the Sharpness of his teeth.
Clarence Clemons|It is important for me to remember that time learning anything substantial, even if it's not my favourite topic, is time well used.
Alice James, The Diary of Alice James|The fact is, I have been dead so long and it has been simply such a grim shoving of the hours behind me…since the hideous summer of ’78, when I went down to the deep sea, its dark waters closed over me and I knew neither hope nor peace.
Joe Clifford, Junkie Love|When we are forced to endure what we cannot endure, something breaks inside our minds. That broken-mindedness is commonly called trauma.
Pat Conroy, The Lords of Discipline|It was in her garden that whatever physical grace Abigail St. Croix possessed asserted itself. She moved among her flowers with consummate natural fluidity, enjoying the incommunicable pleasures of growing things with the patience and concentration of a watchmaker. In this, her small, green country, surrounded by an embrasure of old Charleston brick, there were camellias of distinction, eight discrete varieties of azaleas, and a host of other flowers, but she directed her prime attention to the growing of roses. She had taught me to love flowers since I had known her; I had learned that each variety had its own special personality, its own distinctive and individual way of presenting itself to the world. She told me of the shyness of columbine, the aggression of ivy, and the diseases that affected gardenias. Some flowers were arrogant invaders and would overrun the entire garden if allowed too much freedom. Some were so diffident and fearful that in their fragile reticence often lived the truest, most infinitely prized beauty. She spoke to her flowers unconsciously as we made our way to the roses in the rear of the garden. “You can learn a lot from raising roses, Will. I’ve always told you that.” “I’ve never raised a good weed, Abigail. I could kill kudzu.”“Then one part of your life is empty,” she declared. “There’s a part of the spirit that’s not being fed.
Kiersten White, Perfect Lies|He’s like an old clock the won’t tell time but won’t stop neither with the hands bend out of shape and the face bare of numbers and the alarm rusted silent, an old worthless clock that keeps ticking and cuckooing without meaning nothing.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., The Sirens of Titan|Where everyone is accepted equally as a brother or sister in Christ, and where there is an open forum without a set program and format, believers will be in an environment where their gifts will develop and manifest naturally.
Peter Senge|Once you find love, you find it. There isn't an age on love.
Mitch Rowland, Eternity's Reach|We are all entitled to make mistakes, but what separates a hero from a villain is how we learn from those mistakes. A villain will see his past as a weakness to be erased. A hero will see his past as experience, to be acknowledged and incorporated into the present.
Robin Bertram, No Regrets: How Loving Deeply and Living Passionately Can Impact Your Legacy Forever|Out of the fires of refinement, come the praise of His magnificence, the brilliance of His glory, and the honor of His precious Son, Jesus Christ.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|Who knew it was in my power to make anyone so happy? Or that I could ever be so happy myself? My moods were a slingshot; after being locked-down and anesthetized for years my heart was zinging and slamming itself around like a bee under a glass, everything bright, sharp, confusing, wrong - but it was a clean pain as opposed to the dull misery that had plagued me for years under the drugs like a rotten tooth, the sick dirty ache of something spoiled. The clarity was exhilarating; it was as if I'd removed a pair of smudged-up glasses that fuzzed everything I saw. All summer long I had been practically delirious: tingling, daffy, energized, running on gin and shrimp cocktail and the invigorating whock of tennis balls. And all I could think was Kitsey, Kitsey, Kitsey!
Mark Crutchfield, The Last Best Gift: Eye Witnesses to the Celebrity Sabbath Massacre|See, when we say a "spiritual seeker," unfortunately most people assume that he is God-oriented. A spiritual seeker is not God-oriented; if Devil is the chief of existence, he wants to know that. We want to know what is true; we are not interested in proving our belief systems, because we don't have any.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|[T]he problem was too much information. The population was being inundated with conflicting versions of increasingly complex events. People were giving up on understanding anything. The glut of information was dulling awareness, not aiding it. Overload. It encouraged passivity, not involvement.
Arthur Schopenhauer, Parerga and Paralipomena|The intellectual attainments of a man who thinks for himself resemble a fine painting, where the light and shade are correct, the tone sustained, the colour perfectly harmonised; it is true to life. On the other hand, the intellectual attainments of the mere man of learning are like a large palette, full of all sorts of colours, which at most are systematically arranged, but devoid of harmony, connection and meaning.
Ted Cruz|Few people have the wisdom to prefer the criticism that would do them good, to the praise that deceives them.
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|Putting 100% effort into "trying" will always make you successful. With that in mind it's important to remember that the effort part is never easy.
Masashi Kishimoto|I think hard times are coming. We will need writers who can remember freedom. Poets, visionaries, the realists of a larger reality.
J.M. Coetzee|These masked men were going to bring me to a cleaner place, where things were more sharply distinguished from one another and where I would finally have the space to figure out who I was without other people nudging me all the time into shapes they thought I should have.
Erica Chilson, Dalton|My eyes glue to him in fascination as he cleans his flogger. He’s shirtless since the room is above comfortable temperature. I watch as a drop of sweat creates a path down his back, gliding around all those perfect striated muscles. The drop disappears beneath his low-slung, leather pants. A shiver rocks my body at the thought of it sliding down the crack of his bitable ass.“Katya, snap your mouth shut, close the door, and have a seat,” Dexter commands and I listen.
Caroline Stevermer, Magic Below Stairs|There’s something different about her. I realize it’s her breasts—they’re huge. I see that she’s stuffed her bikini top with wet balls of sand.“What is that?” I say. “Scottie. Your suit.”She shields her eyes with her hand and looks down at her chest. “Beach boobs,” she says.“Take that out of there,” I say. “Alex. Why’d you let her do that?”Alex is on her stomach, with the straps of her top untied. She lifts her head toward Scottie. “I didn’t know. Take them out, stupid.”Sid lifts his head. “Honestly,” he says, “big boobs look kind of fatty.”“As Bebe says, boobs suck,” Alex says, “and Sid’s full of shit. He loves big boobs.”“Who’s Bebe?” Scottie lets the sand fall out of her top.“Character from South Park,” Sid says. “And I love small boobs, too, Alex. I’m an equal-opportunity employer.
Deyth Banger|I will say it here on louder, all people to can hear it. I "DeYtH Banger" - I have masturbating problem ): .
Derek Landy, Death Bringer|He took her hand in his and knelt before her. Valkyrie looked at him. He was serious. (...)'Dude, I'm sixteen.''I love you.''That doesn't make me any older. Stand up.''Not until you say yes.''You're going to shuffle around on your knees for the rest of your life? Stand up, for God's sake.''Be my wife.' 'Shut the hell up.
Gian Kumar|When you are positive; mind thinks, when you are negative; mind thinks,For mind can never be in balance.It is the Self, witnessing in awareness, Centered, which observes these two.
Terry Pratchett, Making Money|Don't tell me what you value, show me your budget, and I'll tell you what you value.
Sherman Alexie, The Toughest Indian in the World|Beauty works perfect miracles. All inner shortcomings in a beauty, instead of causing repugnance, become somehow extraordinarily attractive; vice itself breathes comeliness in them; but if it were to disappear, then a woman would have to be twenty times more intelligent than a man in order to inspire, if not love, at least respect.
Claire Messud|She wanted to remind him, whether his family was there or not. She wanted. And wanted. And endured in her wanting: the damp seat, the dry chicken, more champagne, the headache the champagne brought, the midges, the chat, his failure, no refusal, to look, look at me, I caused a thunderstorm with my passion and I sit here shaking under my skin and you don't notice because you're trying so hard not to notice, but all the people at the table there are really only you and me and you know it, the air is charged with it, it's a heat, a hot wind, and Marina and Seely are a sham next to it, Annabel ceases to exist, is simply obliterated in the gale of it, this isn't a fantasy, not my imagination, I can tell by the way you lift your fork, by the set of your jaw, by that sixth cigarette you are smoking me, or would if you could; but how long can we sustain it, how long till eruption, till the storm returns again and they can all see what it is, what it really is?
Veronica Roth, Divergent|Flames of outrage and reprisal had likewise made a comeback, his nearly forgotten, silent heritage no longer hidden by thirty years of compliance. Instead the fire grew, unmitigated by training, logic or reason.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|I try to think of things to say but nothing comes, and if something did come I probably couldn't say it. This is my great obstacle, the biggest of all the boulders littering my path. In my mind I am eloquent; I can climb intricate scaffolds of words to reach the highest cathedral ceilings and paint my thoughts. But when I open my mouth, it all collapses.
Hank Bracker|Don't be a cheater, lose with clsss.
Ludwig Wittgenstein|The hours of folly are measured by the clock; but of wisdom, no clock can measure.
J.D. Robb, Divided in Death|Eve: “If you ended up naked and dead with another woman, I'd do the Rumba on your corpse.”Roarke: “You can't do the Rumba.”Eve: “I'd take lessons first.”Roarke: “You might very well. Not that you'll ever get the chance, but you'd also grieve.” Eve: “Wouldn't give you the satisfaction. You cheating f-wit putz. "Roarke: “You'd weep in the dark and call my name.”Eve: “Call your name alright. How are things in hell? You dickless bastard. And I'd laugh and laugh, that's how I''d call your name.”Roarke: “Christ Jesus Eve, I love you.”--Eve, Roarke
David Nicholls|He could feel her laughter against his chest, and at that moment he thought that there was no better feeling than making Emma Morley laugh.
Noam Chomsky, Necessary Illusions: Thought Control in Democratic Societies|In accordance with the prevailing conceptions in the U.S., there is no infringement on democracy if a few corporations control the information system: in fact, that is the essence of democracy. In the Annals of the American Academy of Political and Social Science, the leading figure of the public relations industry, Edward Bernays, explains that “the very essence of the democratic process” is “the freedom to persuade and suggest,” what he calls “the engineering of consent.” “A leader,” he continues, “frequently cannot wait for the people to arrive at even general understanding … Democratic leaders must play their part in … engineering … consent to socially constructive goals and values,” applying “scientific principles and tried practices to the task of getting people to support ideas and programs”; and although it remains unsaid, it is evident enough that those who control resources will be in a position to judge what is “socially constructive,” to engineer consent through the media, and to implement policy through the mechanisms of the state. If the freedom to persuade happens to be concentrated in a few hands, we must recognize that such is the nature of a free society.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|The Indian criminal justice system was a market like garbage, Abdul now understood. Innocence and guilt could be bought and sold like a kilo of polyurethane bags.
James Joyce, Ulysses|... I've a thirst on me I wouldn't sell for half a crown.- Give it a name, citizen, says Joe.- Wine of the country, says he.- What's yours? says Joe.- Ditto MacAnaspey, says I.- Three pints, Terry, says Joe. And how's the old heart, citizen? says he.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|What the hell is that?" I laughed."It's my fox hat.""Your fox hat?""Yeah, Pudge. My fox hat.""Why are you wearing your fox hat?" I asked."Because no one can catch the motherfucking fox.
Joyce Brothers|When the first fossils began to be found in eastern Africa, in the late 1950s, I thought, what a wonderful marriage this was, biology and anthropology. I was around 16 years old when I made this particular choice of academic pursuit.
Cesare Beccaria|It is certain, in any case, that ignorance, allied with power, is the most ferocious enemy justice can have.
Amit Kalantri|Life is a funny, funny thing. Not the ‘ha-ha’ kind of funny, but an odd kind of funny. The kind of funny that you know exists, yet you can’t place your finger on. You know it’s there, and when the funny strikes, you feel it, but you can’t categorize it. It’s almost a feeling of melancholy, fixed with a tickle in your stomach and an odd loss of balance. This feeling catches you when you least expect it. Sometimes it’s better that way, sometimes it may feel like a curse. Regardless, once it passes, you feel different. You may even look different, though not to the naked eye. It may takes days or even months until you recognize the change within yourself, however apparent it may seem. One thing’s for sure: Once this funny thing strikes, you will never be the same.
Stanley Hauerwas|You convey something that the public either trusts or it does not trust, and it has to do with the content and how you handle the news, but it also just has something to do with your persona.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban|An intense cold swept over them all. Harry felt his own breath catch in his chest. The cold went deeper than his skin. It was inside his chest, it was inside his very heart. . . .Harry’s eyes rolled up into his head. He couldn’t see. He was drowning in cold. There was a rushing in his ears as though of water. He was being dragged downward, the roaring growing louder . . .And then, from far away, he heard screaming, terrible, terrified, pleading screams. He wanted to help whoever it was, he tried to move his arms, but couldn’t . . . a thick white fog was swirling around him, inside him —
Mehmet Murat ildan|There are some cities in the world, they would have looked much more beautiful had they never been a city and İstanbul is such a city!
Robert Moffat|Through many tribulations, we begin to search for the truth.
Robert Burns, The Complete Poetical Works of Robert Burns|You are one of the rare people who can separate your observation from your preconception. You see what is, where most people see what they expect.
Jesse Andrews, Me and Earl and the Dying Girl|If after reading this book you come to my home and brutally murder me, I do not blame you.
Darrel Ray, Sex & God: How Religion Distorts Sexuality|The church may update its techniques and methods, but it is always in service of the institutional organism. This is one of the reasons why the pedophile priest issue is and will remain an endemic disease in the Catholic Church.
Eminem|December 27, 11:00 p.m.My Dear America,I’ve never written a love letter, so forgive me if I fail now. . . .The simple thing would be to say that I love you. But, in truth, it’s so much more than that. I want you, America. I need you.I’ve held back so much from you out of fear. I’m afraid that if I show you everything at once, it will overwhelm you, and you’ll run away. I’m afraid that somewhere in the back of your heart is a love for someone else that will never die. I’m afraid that I will make a mistake again, something so huge that you retreat into that silent world of yours. No scolding from a tutor, no lashing from my father, no isolation in my youth has ever hurt me so much as you separating yourself from me.I keep thinking that it’s there, waiting to come back and strike me. So I’ve held on to all my options, fearing that the moment I wipe them away, you will be standing there with your arms closed, happy to be my friend but unable to be my equal, my queen, my wife.And for you to be my wife is all I want in the world. I love you. I was afraid to admit it for a long time, but I know it now.I would never rejoice in the loss of your father, the sadness you’ve felt since he passed, or the emptiness I’ve experienced since you left. But I’m so grateful that you had to go. I’m not sure how long it would have taken for me to figure this out if I hadn’t had to start trying to imagine a life without you. I know now, with absolute certainty, that is nothing I want.I wish I was as true an artist as you so that I could find a way to tell you what you’ve become to me. America, my love, you are sunlight falling through trees. You are laughter that breaks through sadness. You are the breeze on a too-warm day. You are clarity in the midst of confusion.You are not the world, but you are everything that makes the world good. Without you, my life would still exist, but that’s all it would manage to do.You said that to get things right one of us would have to take a leap of faith. I think I’ve discovered the canyon that must be leaped, and I hope to find you waiting for me on the other side.I love you, America.Yours forever,Maxon
Anne Sexton|CourageIt is in the small things we see it.The child's first step,as awesome as an earthquake.The first time you rode a bike,wallowing up the sidewalk.The first spanking when your heartwent on a journey all alone.When they called you crybabyor poor or fatty or crazyand made you into an alien,you drank their acidand concealed it.Later,if you faced the death of bombs and bulletsyou did not do it with a banner,you did it with only a hat tocover your heart.You did not fondle the weakness inside youthough it was there.Your courage was a small coalthat you kept swallowing.If your buddy saved youand died himself in so doing,then his courage was not courage,it was love; love as simple as shaving soap.
Stephen Richards, Think Your way to Success: Let Your Dreams Run Free|Limitations are like mirages created by your own mind. When you realise that limitation do not exist, those around you will also feel it and allow you inside their space.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|Some live life passionately, some live just to be alive, while some are already dead and are waiting for it to be official. Live your life to the fullest so your legacy won't ever die.
Gayle Forman, If I Stay|Samo mislim da su sprovodi vrlo slični smrti. Možeš imati želje i planove, ali na kraju ipak nemaš kontrolu ni nad čim.
Henry David Thoreau, Walking|Every sunset which I witness inspires me with the desire to go to a west as distant and as fair as that into which the Sun goes down. He appears to migrate westward daily and tempt us to follow him. He is the Great Western Pioneer whom the nations follow. We dream all night of those mountain ridges in the horizon, though they may be of vapor only, which were last gilded by his rays.
Sheniz Janmohamed, Firesmoke|with each measured step,we knowthis earth is only as solidas we are.
Catherine Deneuve|People who know me know I'm strong, but I'm vulnerable.
Wyatt Michael, Revenge of the Wolf|Finally, the water level topped off, leaving him with no more air to breathe. He drew his last breath and slipped down deep into the darkness that claimed his soul.
Shitij Sharma, The Girl from Rostov|Death may be peaceful but the circumstances leading to it are more often than not anything but. They slept that day with their eyes open, with death as the companion of their dreams. Maybe you would like to imagine that they were looking at each other, heads twisted at grotesque angles or at the fading sun. Their bodies were just empty vessels and their eyes were windows that showed only a vacant home. Maybe it was because they had passed on into a world where the sun never set or maybe even a world where nothing existed but an infinite pool of darkness. You can choose to believe anything you want up to the time Death comes for you. After that, well, we can only imagin
Joseph Campbell|Follow your bliss and don't be afraid, and doors will open where you didn't know they were going to be.
Harriet Beecher Stowe|For all my years in public life, I have believed that America must sail toward the shores of liberty and justice for all. There is no end to that journey, only the next great voyage. We know the future will outlast all of us, but I believe that all of us will live on in the future we make.
Michel Onfray|So keep fightin' for freedom and justice, beloveds, but don't you forget to have fun doin' it. Lord, let your laughter ring forth. Be outrageous, ridicule the fraidy-cats, rejoice in all the oddities that freedom can produce.
James Hickey|as long as agreat number of those impressions which form character, like the nicemotions of the arm, remain absolutely independent of the will of man,though it would be the height of folly and presumption to attempt tocalculate the relative proportions of virtue and vice at the future periodsof the world, it may be safely asserted that the vices and moralweakness of mankind, taken in the mass, are invincible.
Anne Frank|The question is very understandable, but no one has found a satisfactory answer to it so far. Yes, why do they make still more gigantic planes, still heavier bombs and, at the same time, prefabricated houses for reconstruction? Why should millions be spent daily on the war and yet there's not a penny available for medical services, artists, or for poor people?Why do some people have to starve, while there are surpluses rotting in other parts of the world? Oh, why are people so crazy?
Farley Mowat, Never Cry Wolf|The dog’s agenda is simple, fathomable, overt: I want. “I want to go out, come in, eat something, lie here, play with that, kiss you. There are no ulterior motives with a dog, no mind games, no second-guessing, no complicated negotiations or bargains, and no guilt trips or grudges if a request is denied.
Dick Wolf|I am in favor of complete freedom of information and of free access to the new communication tools, in particular the Internet.
Matt Haig, The Humans|And after that, after the awkward shuffling away of that last thin layer of clothes, words retreated to the sounds they once were. We had sex. A happy entanglement of warm limbs and warmer love. A physical and psychological merging that conjured a kind of inner light, a bio-emotional phosphorescence, that was overwhelming in its gorgeousness. I wondered why they weren’t prouder of it. Of this magic. I wondered why, if they had to have flags, why they didn’t just opt for one with a picture of sex.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|Faith, that faculty which enables us to believe things which we know to be untrue.
Rhidian Brook, The Aftermath|Pain was uniquely one's own, and undiminished by a democracy of suffering.
Anthony Horowitz, Ark Angel|Was it fate? Was it destiny?""I think it was Alan Blunt.
Cornelia Funke, Inkheart|A writer is dreamed and transfigured into being by spells, wishes, goldfish, silhouettes of trees, boxes of fairy tales dropped in the mud, uncles' and cousins' books, tablets and capsules and powders...and then one day you find yourself leaning here, writing on that round glass table salvaged from the Park View Pharmacy--writing this, an impossibility, a summary of who you came to be where you are now, and where, God knows, is that?
Paul Bowles, The Spider's House|I daresay something will happen, between now and ’91, to make your fortunes look up.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|Between Barton and Delaford, there was that constant communication which strong family affection would naturally dictate;—and among the merits and the happiness of Elinor and Marianne, let it not be ranked as the least considerable, that though sisters, and living almost within sight of each other, they could live without disagreement between themselves, or producing coolness between their husbands.
Deyth Banger|I can always win in Tic Tac toe for example one strategy can be used serveral times and one moment he will find that I'm using this strategy and in the other day he will forgot aobut this and I just repeat the same - But from this point of view it's kind a useless and taking time. I want to find new path ways, the same is with chess I can win always the same way but one moment it come the rule or the thought - hey I want this to return and I will give you to return. I hate this moment it's kind a noobish or kind a bot way!
Charles Eames|If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
Gordon Attard|Beyond your wildest imagination, there is something worth working for.
Debasish Mridha|You came from love, to live in love, to give away love, and to become love.
Norbet Platt|Writing is my joy, is my comfort zone, it strengthens my feeble knees and it frees my troubled heart.
Barrie Davenport|We keep waiting for that amazing thing to happen in the future that will be the key to our happiness. But this is it. Right now. Life continues to be a series of right nows. So learn to love right now, and you’ll have an amazing life.
CLAMP, xxxHolic, Vol. 8|Time, let me vanish. Then what we separate by our very presence can come together.
Grete Waitz|I definitely love 'Camelot.' It's my favorite show. I'm a big 'True Blood' fan. I love 'American Idol,' and I love my girl J-Lo. The rest are my homework shows: 'Forensic Files,' 'Dr. G. Medical Examiner,' 'The First 48.'
