Olaf Stapledon, Last and First Men|For the former, activity, any kind of activity, was an end in itself; for the latter, activity was but a progress toward the true end, which was rest, and peace of mind. Action was to be undertaken only when equilibrium was disturbed.
delahosi|A smart man understood that victory was not inevitable. An even smarter man knew that defeat was never really total if you figured out how to handle the aftermath with skill and just the right spin.And the smartest men of all, even when they lost, they actually won.
Nuala Casey|Loved with obsessive devotion, hated with barely controlled fury.
Philip K. Dick, VALIS|I did not tell Fat this, but technically he had become a Buddha. It did not seem to me like a good idea to let him know. After all, if you are a Buddha you should be able to figure it out for yourself.
Barack Obama|The success of our economy has always depended not just on the size of our gross domestic product, but on the reach of our prosperity; on the ability to extend opportunity to every willing heart - not out of charity, but because it is the surest route to our common good.
Dorothy Parker, The Complete Poems of Dorothy Parker|If wild my breast and sore my pride,I bask in dreams of suicide,If cool my heart and high my headI think 'How lucky are the dead.
Vianka Van Bokkem, My Handsome Vampire: Falling in Love|Remember to say "I love you" to family and friends not just your significant other.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The world needs great inspires, who will encourage every living soul to reach their highest potential. You can be one.
Dennis Kucinich|You can blow the world to pieces, but you can't blow the world to peace.
Jane Austen, Emma|Seldom, very seldom, does complete truth belong to any human disclosure; seldom can it happen that something is not a little disguised or a little mistaken.
Neil Gaiman, The Doll's House|Stop confusing poor decision-making with destiny. Take accountability. Wanting, praying, hoping, and wishing for change isn’t enough… Desire doesn’t changes lives; BEHAVIOR does.
George Orwell, Homage to Catalonia|There is nothing that strengthens the ego more than being right. Being right is identification with a mental position - a perspective, an opinion, a judgement, a story. For you to be right, of course, you need someone else to be wrong, as so the ego loves to make wrong in order to be right.
George Emil Palade|The grounding in natural sciences which I obtained in the course of my medical studies, including preliminary examinations in botany, zoology, physics, and chemistry, was to become decisive in determining the trend of my literary work.
Ilchi Lee, The Solar Body: The Secret to Natural Healing|As the gift of the Creator, natural healing power is ours. That’s why no special method is needed for recovering it. There are no perfect methods, no matter how effective or powerful they may be. What is perfect is our sense of life itself.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Accept it as it is and be true to yourself, the real answer is in you. It is about saying no to whom and what no is due and saying yes to whom and what yes is due! A simple solution to most of the problems of mankind today is just Yes and No!
Elizabeth Salamanca-Brosig|Religion is the world's label for following God. But, it is a one-on-one, daily and personal relationship that God seeks from all of us.
Virginia Woolf, Mrs. Dalloway|And the supreme mystery was simply this: here was one room; there another. Did religion solve that, or love?
James Stewart|I never wanted to do the same kind of movies over and over anyway, so my theory on it all is I'm just gonna try and dodge the label and keep doing what I am doing.
Robertson Davies, The Rebel Angels|I'm THAT complicated, mysterious, yet content with the "simple" things in life. Don't try to understand me; you won't figure me out. But you're free to like me the way I am.
Franz Kafka, Contemplation|At the same time all the houses round about promptly took part in this silence, and so did the darkness above them, reaching as far as the stars. And the footsteps of invisible passers-by, whose course I had no wish to guess at, the wind that kept on driving against the other side of the street, the gramophone singing behind closed windows in some room - they made themselves heard in this silence, as if they had owned it for ever and ever.
Raymond Radiguet, The Devil in the Flesh|Facing death calmly is praiseworthy only if one faces it alone. Death together is no longer death, even for unbelievers. The source of sorrows lies not in leaving life, but in leaving that which gives it meaning. When love is our whole life, what difference is there between living together and dying together ?
Michele Jennae|Believing in yourself truly means trusting your capability to think, learn, do, and deliver better results. In that case, it doesn’t matter where you’re starting from. As you keep going, you’re developing into a better person.
Ben Carson, One Nation: What We Can All Do to Save America's Future|America was not built on fear. America was built on courage, on imagination and an unbeatable determination to do the job at hand."-Harry S. Truman
Chris DiSano Davenport, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea|It can appear that Ellarie has it hard to be seen and to be heard. Sometimes this is her way and maybe not the best, but it is a way she often uses, I have to confess. Her invisible poke or pinch is to help those believe, in more than just a ghostly story or what the eyes can perceive. The brighter your light shines will give a clue, to the goodness you attract that follows you.”Trinity, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
A.S. King, Glory O'Brien's History of the Future|Not living your life is just like killing yourself, only it takes longer.
Dee Henderson, Taken|Sin is incompatible with the glory, beauty and holiness of God.
Susan Orlean|When I turned 35, I thought, 'Mozart was dead at 36, so I set the bar: I'm going to start writing a book on my next birthday.' I thought historical fiction would be easiest because I was a university professor and know my way around a library, and it seemed easier to look things up than make them up.
Imbolo Mbue|And yet, despite this portrait of a self assured woman, Cindy seemed to have a near obsession with being where everyone was and doing what everyone was doing.
Edwidge Danticat, Breath, Eyes, Memory|There is always a place where, if you listen closely in the night, you will hear a mother telling a story and at the end of the tale, she will ask you this question: 'Ou libéré?' Are you free, my daughter?"My grandmother quickly pressed her fingers over my lips.Now," she said, "you will know how to answer.
Leo Tolstoy, The Death of Ivan Ilych|It can't be that life is so senseless and horrible. But if it really has been so horrible and senseless, why must I die and die in agony? There is something wrong!
Rudyard Kipling, Captains Courageous|And in her ears the little Seashells, the thimble radios tamped tight, and an electronic ocean of sound, of music and talk and music and talk coming in, coming in on the shore of her unsleeping mind. The room was indeed empty. Every night the waves came in and bore her off on their great tides of sound, floating her, wide-eyed, toward morning. There had been no night in the last two years that Mildred had not swum that sea, had not gladly gone down in it for the third time.
James Gleick, The Information: A History, a Theory, a Flood|Vengeful conquerors burn books as if the enemy's souls reside there, too.
Clarice Lispector, The Hour of the Star|It’s natural that self-discovery is a lifelong, ever-shifting process, and that what you are drawn to will likely change at various points in your life.
Michael Tobias, Rage and Reason|it is a federal system of sadistic torture, vivisection, and animal genocide, which has been carried on for decades under the fraudulent guise of respectable medical research. And nobody on the outside knows, or wants to know, or is willing to find out. My parents, my friends, my teachers, wouldnt listen to me, or suggested that if it was bothering me that much I just had to quit the job. Just like that. As if that would have solved anything. As if I could ever live with such cowardice. You can't imagine, or maybe you can, how many people are convinced - without knowing the first thing about it - Animal research is essential. Americans have been hopelessly brainwashed on this issue. The animal rights people, by and large, acknowledge the essential futility of trying to change the system. So they address the smaller issues, fighting for legislation which would provide one extra visit per week to the labs by a custodian of the US dept of agriculture. Or demanding that a squirrel monkey be given an extra 12 square inches in his holding pen, before being led to the slaughter. That sort of thing. For whomever, and whatever it's worth, I hope my little write up is clear. I dont have the guts to do whats necessary. I pray there's someone out there who does. God help all of us.
Kazuo Ishiguro, When We Were Orphans|Perhaps there are those who are able to go about their lives unfettered by such concerns. But for those like us, our fate is to face the world as orphans, chasing through long years the shadows of vanished parents. There is nothing for it but to try and see through our missions to the end, as best we can, for until we do so, we will be permitted no calm.
Rosario Morales, Getting Home Alive|How do you mourn endless numbers of people in endless numbers of places? Is there a form for it, a requisite time and place for mourning? Is there ever an end to it? Can there ever be an end to it?
Guy Kawasaki, APE: Author, Publisher, Entrepreneur. How to Publish a Book|Go APE: Author a great book, Publish it quickly, and Entrepreneur your way to success. Self-publishing isn’t easy, but it’s fun and sometimes even lucrative. Plus, your book could change the world.
Charles Bukowski, Play the Piano Drunk Like a Percussion Instrument Until the Fingers Begin to Bleed a Bit|I have, he went on, betrayed myself withbelief, deluded myself with lovetricked myself with sex.the bottle is damned faithful, he said,the bottle will not lie
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|But even so, every now and then I would feel a violent stab of loneliness. The very water I drink, the very air I breathe, would feel like long, sharp needles. The pages of a book in my hands would take on the threatening metallic gleam of razor blades. I could hear the roots of loneliness creeping through me when the world was hushed at four o'clock in the morning.
Michelle Forbes|I told my doctor I get very tired when I go on a diet, so he gave me pep pills. Know what happened? I ate faster.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|You maintain hope for humanity as an infinite skeptic of gossip and slander. In all mankind's desires for entertainment and exaggeration and sensationalism, when it comes to gossip, the individual always sounds worse than he really is. This is why adhering to gossip subtly affects the mental state of the listener - he goes on holding shady opinions regardless of where the realities of their lights and darknesses may stand.
Matthew Woodring Stover, Heroes Die|I go where I want to go, I do what I want to do, and I am beholden to no one.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|Human you are, and your religion, Humanism.
Madonna|I've been very lucky at what's happened in my career to date, but playing something as far from me as possible is an ambition of mine - anything from a mutated baddy in a comic book action thriller, to a detective. If anything, I'd like Gary Oldman's career: he's the perfect example of it. I've love to have a really broad sweep of characters - to be able to do something edgy, surprising and unfashionable.
Martin R. Lemieux|For the sea to be silent, wind must be silent, earthquake must be silent, boat must be silent, fish must be silent; behind every silence, there lies the silence of everything!
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Defining what success means to you requires important meetings – board meetings with yourself. When the “me, myself and I” committee meets and passes transformational resolutions.
John Green, Zombicorns|He could wear hats. He could wear an assortment of hats of different shapes and styles. Boater hats, cowboy hats, bowler hats. The list went on. Pork-pie hats, bucket hats, trillbies and panamas. Top hats, straw hats, trapper hats. Wide brim narrow brim, stingy brim. He could wear a fez. Fezzes were cool. Hadn't someone once said that fezzes were cool? He was pretty aur ether had. And they were. They were cool.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|We men and women are all in the same boat, upon a stormy sea. We owe to each other a terrible and tragic loyalty.
Leonard Cohen, Stranger Music: Selected Poems and Songs|And I'll dance with you in Vienna,I'll be wearing a river's disguise.The hyacinth wild on my shouldermy mouth on the dew of your thighs.And I'll bury my soul in a scrapbook,with the photographs there and the moss.And I'll yield to the flood of your beauty,my cheap violin and my cross.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Anger was simple, self-sustaining as a cactus. You couldn't look too closely at it, lest the spines get you in the eye.
Jack Campbell, Invincible|Most people have some appreciation of mathematics, just as most people can enjoy a pleasant tune; and there are probably more people really interested in mathematics than in music. Appearances suggest the contrary, but there are easy explanations. Music can be used to stimulate mass emotion, while mathematics cannot; and musical incapacity is recognized (no doubt rightly) as mildly discreditable, whereas most people are so frightened of the name of mathematics that they are ready, quite unaffectedly, to exaggerate their own mathematical stupidity
Laurie   Kahn, Harriet Tubman|It takes time,patience and endurance to become a devout Muslim. No one, not even God, expects anyone to become an angel overnight. That’s fortunate, I thought, because I sensed that the road ahead might be a long one
Sue Townsend|Adrian Mole's father was so angry that so many pepole got divorced nowadays. HE had been unhappilly married for 30 years, why should everybody else get away?
Sophocles, Electra|Death is not the worst thing; rather, when one who craves death cannot attain even that wish.
Margaret Atwood, MaddAddam|Jerry: Oh, you don't understand, Osgood! Ehhhh... I'm a man.Osgood: Well, nobody's perfect.
Chris   Howard, Rootless|True beauty express itself automatically. It's not only visible in the material, but around one's being, and within their aura. I once met a female, who was like that of a jeweled flower. Her celestial atmosphere and genuine conception could not separate from the true expression of the definition of beauty.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Wintergirls|There is no magic cure, no making it all go away forever. There are only small steps upward; an easier day, an unexpected laugh, a mirror that doesn't matter anymore.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Until you step in the game and influence the skills, you will never change the score line.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|A sure way a country can develop is through a true development of the masses. Yes! A sure way to ensure a true freedom of the people is for the people take up their own destiny into their hands and bond their strengths to positively dare with a clear vision and fortitude like the eagle for a great change in wisdom and in peace, devoid of rebellious motive, massacre and nepotism, and with tenacity, direct the thought, policy and inspiration of the few people who rule the masses for the best change ever! Until this is done, the masses shall always cry out of ignorance, not knowing the real power within them and beg at the feet of the few people for how they should live their lives!
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Slaughterhouse-Five|There isn’t any particular relationship between the messages, except that the author has chosen them carefully, so that, when seen all at once, they produce an image of life that is beautiful and surprising and deep. There is no beginning, no middle, no end, no suspense, no moral, no causes, no effects. What we love in our books are the depths of many marvelous moments seen all at one time.
Amit Kalantri|The mind is more sensible than heart, if you are sure listen to your heart, if you are confuse listen to your mind.
Bradley B. Dalina|My daughter showed us the key: misery gives way to fun when you take an object, event, situation, or scenario that wasn't designed for you, that isn't invested in you, that isn't concerned in the slightest for your experience of it, and then treat it as if it were. ...this is what play means.
Jennifer Trussel-Bagley|Which is worse? What people think about you, or that they don't think about you?
Allie Burke, Violet Midnight|She couldn't stop thinking about Elias. His hands caressing her feet, his arms around her body, his fingers entangled in her hair--he was so warm. It wasn't only the temperature, it was some deep connection that ran down to her soul, his touch mollifying the core of her. And his voice--it was no wonder the magic ceased when he spoke. It was so deep, but so level--not even the most kindhearted and loving women deserved to hear such a sexy sound come out of a man's mouth.
Bella Andre, Kissing Under the Mistletoe|I want him and even if it's frightening, even if I may not be completely ready for a relationship, I want him. Now... And tomorrow, and all the following days.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|In the pursuit of breaking free from all the shackles of man-made bondages, science is the most effective tool we have till this date.
John Grooters|Stories should be natural as apples, brief as lust, long as a thought.
Christian Kane|My brother Jim and I spent many wonderful summers working on dairy farms in Wisconsin owned by Mom's cousins, and as members of our local Boy Scout troop.
Ludwig Wittgenstein, Culture and Value|Put a man in the wrong atmosphere and nothing will function as it should. He will seem unhealthy in every part. Put him back into his proper element and everything will blossom and look healthy. But if he is not in his right element, what then? Well, then he just has to make the best of appearing before the world as a cripple.
Liane Moriarty, What Alice Forgot|I remember thinking about how mothers were prepared to run into burning buildings to save their children's lives. I thought I should be able to go through a bit more suffering, a bit more inconvenience to give my children life. It made me feel noble. But now I realize I'm a crazy woman running into a burning house for children who don't exist.
Alex Ferguson|If you come across a high mountain on your way, thank to it, because a good challenge is a great chance for you to surpass yourself! Thank to it!
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|Caleb told me that our mother said there was evil in everyone, and the first step to loving someone else is to recognize that evil in ourselves, so we can forgive them.
Garry Fitchett, Life Is a Bicycle: A Living Philosophy to Finding Your Authenticity|A writer creates like the sculptor, with one exception: The writer must create his block of marble, before chiseling away the non-essentials.
Tijan, Sentiment Lost|You've got ice in your veins, but you're smart enough to keep it from freezing your heart.
James Scott, Senior Fellow, Institute for Critical Infrastructure Technology|Debate is never finished; it can't be, lest democracy be no longer democratic and society be stripped of or forfeit its autonomy. Democracy means that the citizen's task is never complete. Democracy exists through persevering and unyielding citizens' concern. Once that concern is put to sleep, democracy expires. And so there is no, and cannot be, a democracy, an autonomous society, without autonomous citizens - that is, citizens endowed with individual liberty and individual responsibility for the ways they use it. That liberty is another value - though unthinkable in separation from the value of democracy. Democracy rests on the freedom of its citizens, and citizens rest their confidence of being free and the courage to be free on the democracy of their polis. The two make each other and are made in the process of that making.
Euginia Herlihy|The world is not interested in titles and positions, all it wants is your creative mind and the genuinity of the work your hands.
Tim Bauerschmidt, Driving Miss Norma: One Family's Journey Saying "Yes" to Living|One day Your dog is going to safe your life, that's a fact.
George F. Will, The Woven Figure: Conservatism and America's Fabric|While never violating our uniqueness, we move together, united in heart and soul. Our greatness is unleashed in the context of community. When we move together, God is most perfectly revealed in us.
Andrew Barrett, The Third Rule - The Complete Story|Far as I know, Legal Aid was invented to help poor people fight wrongs; [the criminals] are abusing the system, and the damned lawyers help them do it. They’re all sticking two fingers up at them who pay their taxes. And I’ll tell you sommat for free, Sir George, them who pays the taxes are eventually going to get fed up of it.
Wes Adamson|Sometimes it’s hard to know when to let go. It can be so personal…like the autumn leaf still hanging on the limb in the late October sky, Mother Nature sends a gust of wind to nudge it’s stem loose. For us we must listen for our own nudge from the inner soul. We must know…we will feel, it’s ok to let it be. *“Whispers words of wisdom let it be.” - Wes Adamson* “Let It Be” lyrics by Paul McCartney
Hunter Hayes|He took a breath. “My future wife’s in the police...“Wait, wait, wait. How long have you been going out with this woman?”Luca cleared his throat again, this time with deserved sheepishness. “We met yesterday.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Free your mind of that which you have no control. It is not only good to do so for your mental, but your overall health. Some people must learn from experience. You can convey knowledge to them and offer to show them the way. But, that doesn't mean your wisdom will be accepted or appreciated.
Human Angels, 365 Wisdom Pills|When you judge someone, you are judging yourself. When you hate someone, you are hating yourself. When you love someone, you are loving yourself. Nobody will ever betray, humiliate or hurt you, if you have not first betrayed, humiliated or hurt yourself.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|The snag about marriage is, it isn´t worth the divorce.
Mark Lawrence, The Liar's Key|The world is what you make of it, friend. If it doesn't fit, you make alterations.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets|The poor things keep calling in those – those pumbles, I think they're called – you know, the ones who mend pipes and things – ""Plumbers?"" – exactly, yes, but of course they're flummoxed.
Martha Reeves|Though it may not seem like it, I never try to write about a place, per se; it's always, first and last, about story. Story is everything. Story and a bit of attitude.
C. JoyBell C.|The dance between darkness and light will always remain— the stars and the moon will always need the darkness to be seen, the darkness will just not be worth having without the moon and the stars.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|Such was the complexity of things. For what happened to her, especially staying with the Ramsays, was to be made to feel violently two opposite things at the same time; that’s what you feel, was one; that’s what I feel, was the other, and then they fought together in her mind, as now. It is so beautiful, so exciting, this love, that I tremble on the verge of it, and offer, quite out of my own habit, to look for a brooch on a beach; also it is the stupidest, the most barbaric of human passions, and turns a nice young man with a profile like a gem’s (Paul’s was exquisite) into a bully with a crowbar (he was swaggering, he was insolent) in the Mile End Road. Yet, she said to herself, from the dawn of time odes have been sung to love; wreaths heaped and roses; and if you asked nine people out of ten they would say they wanted nothing but this–love; while the women, judging from her own experience, would all the time be feeling, This is not what we want; there is nothing more tedious, puerile, and inhumane than this; yet it is also beautiful and necessary.
Winston S. Churchill|The farther backward you can look, the farther forward you are likely to see.
Norman Schwarzkopf|No matter how vast, how total, the failure of man here on earth, the work of man will be resumed elsewhere. War leaders talk of resuming operations on this front and that, but man's front embraces the whole universe.
Shilpi Somaya Gowda, The Golden Son: A Novel|He opened his heart to me. He wasn't afraid to show me his weakness. It was a remarkable thing, in that time, for a man to do that. That's the key thing about a strong marriage. It gives you a safe place to be yourself, entirely, even the weak parts.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|Discovering how the Universe will manifest all of your dreams for you is going to be an exciting journey that will harmonize the trinity of your mind, body and spirit.
Jean  Bernard, Priestblock 25487: a Memoir of Dachau|On Good Friday last year the SS found some pretext to punish 60 priests with an hour on "the tree." That is the mildest camp punishment. They tie a man's hands together behind his back, palms facing out and fingers pointing backward. Then they turn his hands inwards, tie a chain around his wrists and hoist him up by it. His own wight twists his joints and pulls them apart...Several of the priest who were hung up last year never recovered and died. If you don't have a strong heart, you don't survive it. Many have a permanently crippled hand.
J.M.  Richards, Tall, Dark Streak of Lightning|I bundled in my own blanket and reflected on the strange and somewhat unexpected friendship that was slowly developing between Davin and myself. It was clear to me that he needed a friend, but for reasons unknown to me, thought that it was better for him to be alone.
Paul C. Nagel, John Quincy Adams: A Public Life, a Private Life|While humility feels weak, the truth is that humility is a sign of great strength. Humility is about putting ego aside. The word humility comes from a Latin word humilitas, which means grounded or low. When we are "grounded", we aren't easily swayed. We stand firm in who we are, who we belong to, and who we are committed to be going forward. A grounded person isn't looking for recognition because she is at peace with her worth in God's eyes.
William Ellery Channing|Wars and elections are both too big and too small to matter in the long run. The daily work - that goes on, it adds up.
Alvar N. C. de Vaca|Death and genitals are things that frighten people, and when people are frightened, they develop means of concealment and aggression. It is common sense.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|A journey, I reflected, is of no merit unless it has tested you.
Sujit Lalwani, Life Simplified!|Life Is ‘Simple’ By Nature...The deeper you try to study, the more you complicate it.Just believe in it’s simplicity & it shall show you it is far too Simple actually!
Eddie Izzard|Today's leading real-world retailer, Wal-Mart, uses software to power its logistics and distribution capabilities, which it has used to crush its competition.
Matthew Vines, God and the Gay Christian: The Biblical Case in Support of Same-Sex Relationships|In a materialistic society, an employed boy is older than an unemployed man.
Mustafa Kemal Ataturk|I think it's imperative to have faith or religion, because it's good to have morals, to be kind to others.
Shirley Corder, Strength Renewed: Meditations for Your Journey through Breast Cancer|God promises to hear and answer our prayers, but he doesn't always answer the way we want him to.
Ayn Rand|The opportunity for evil in itself does not suffice; people need a rationale as well. Consider how unpleasant, how awkward it must be when your neighbor, catching his breath (and that can happen anytime), screams, 'Why?' - or, 'Aren't you ashamed?!' It's embarrassing to stand there without a ready answer. A crowbar makes a poor rebuttal, everybody senses that. The whole trick lies in having the proper grounds to brush aside such aggravating objections. Contemptuously. Everyone wants to commit a villainy without having to feel like a villain.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|The rain is, in a sense, The sole sad friend of those who find themselvesThinking, wide awake, until the dawn,Who, in bed, alone, with fevered hands, Listen to it, soothed. They like the companyOf its faint moan across the sleeping plain,Its rustling in the garden all night
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|Well,” her mother said, looking at the engine, “at least that’s still there.”"Do you know anything about engines?" Stephanie asked."That’s why I have a husband, so I don't have to. Engines and shelves, that’s why men were invented."Stephanie made a mental note to learn about engines before she turned eighteen. She wasn't too fussed about the shelves.
Damon Suede, Hot Head|...I couldn't let go of the thought that it had, in fact, been he, restless and moody Heathcliff. Day after day, he floated through all the Wal-Marts in America, searching for me in a million lonely aisles.
Tom Stoppard|I found that it wasn't so oddball to like music and poetry and visual arts, they're kindred spirits.
Bertrand Russell, The Conquest of Happiness|Why is propaganda so much more successful when it stirs up hatred than when it tries to stir up friendly feeling? The reason is clearly that the human heart as modern civilisation has made it is more prone to hatred than to friendship. And it is prone to hatred because it is dissatisfied, because it feels deply, perhaps even unconsciously, that it has somehow missed the meaning of life, that perhaps others, but not we ourselves, have secured the good things which nature offers man's enjoyment.
Neal Shusterman, UnSouled|Luck, however, is too dumb to remain consistent
Mitch Cullin|What would she know about God anyway? The personification of her God, Holmes figured, was surely the popular one: a wrinkled old man sitting omnisciently upon a throne of gold, reigning over creation from within puffy clouds, speaking both graciously and commandingly at the same instant. Her God, no doubt, wore a flowing beard. For Holmes, it was amusing to think that Mrs. Munro's Creator probably looked somewhat like himself- except her God existed as a figment of imagination, and he did not (at least not entirely, he reasoned).
Aimee Bender, The Color Master: Stories|the horizon bounded by a propitious sky, azure, marbled with pearly white.
Rainbow Rowell, Attachments|So, what if, instead of thinking about solving you whole life, you just think about adding additional good things. One at a time. Just let your pile of good things grow.
Lysa TerKeurst|Having a set of goals is a good thing for many people. But when a goal takes your focus off God and His daily intentions for you, it can cause trouble. Being driven by my plans can shift the focus of my heart from following God and being open to His unfolding invitations, to following only that which leads me closer to my desires. For me, I started falling into a trap of making plans each day around what I wanted to see happen. Anything that wasn’t part of my plan became a distraction and an unwelcome interruption.
Sharon E. Rainey, The Best Part of My Day Healing Journal|As a sufferer of depression for many years, I know the importance of trying to find positive experiences in each day, no matter how small.
Charlotte Beers, I'd Rather Be in Charge: A Legendary Business Leader's Roadmap for Achieving Pride, Power, and Joy at Work|Remember that [scientific thought] is the guide of action; that the truth which it arrives at is not that which we can ideally contemplate without error, but that which we may act upon without fear; and you cannot fail to see that scientific thought is not an accompaniment or condition of human progress, but human progress itself.
Graham Brown|Our life is the sum total of all the decisions we make every day, and those decisions are determined by our priorities.
Mensah Oteh|Until you can see it in your mind, you will not see it with your eyes. Vision precedes sight.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., The Sirens of Titan|A purpose of human life, no matter who is controlling it, is to love whoever is around to be loved.
Orson Scott Card|If you did not in your own mind distinguish between useful and erroneous information, then you were not learning at all, you were merely replacing ignorance with false belief, which was no improvement.
Thich Nhat Hanh, No Death, No Fear|Since we cling to our hope in the future, we do not focus our energies and capabilities on the present moment
Avinash Advani|Just at that moment she glanced towards him and saw him smiling at her, his eyes lingering on her with warmth and an indefinable something else. Her heart caught in her chest
Philippa Gregory, The Women of the Cousins' War: The Duchess, the Queen, and the King's Mother|If a woman is interested in her own struggle into identity and power, then she will be interested in other women. The lives of these, and other women, show me what a woman can do even without formal power, education, or rights, in a world dominated by men. They are inspirational examples of the strength of the female spirit.
J. Cornell Michel, Jordan's Brains: A Zombie Evolution|I've never really had time for romantic relationships. I have much more important things to worry about, like saving the world from zombies.
DeWayne Owens|The Bible is the greatest book ever written. It is absolutely amazing the tremendous amount of joy, peace, and success one will experience simply by applying its admonition. If you truly want the “Good Life” follow the Good Book.
Hilary Mantel, A Place of Greater Safety|He saw that it was the gaps that were important, the spaces between the threads which made the pattern, and not the threads themselves.
Suzy Kassem|Each time you say hello to a stranger, your heart acknowledges over and over again that we are all family.
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|You know what insane people are, Alice?" the Pillar says. "They are just sane people who know too much.
Jenny Downham, Before I Die|Maybe you should say goodbye, Cal.''No.''It might be important.''It might make her die.
James Madison|A government of, by, and for the people requires that people talk to people, that we can agree to disagree but do so in civility. If we let the politicians and those who report dictate our discourse, then our course will be dictated.
Adlai Stevenson, Speeches of Adlai Stevenson: With a Foreword|Even in the pages of the New York Times and The New Yorker, it seems the epithet 'virtuous,' when applied to an act of personal environmental responsibility, may be used only ironically. Tell me: How did it come to pass that virtue - a quality that for most of history has generally been deemed, well, a virtue - become a mark of liberal softheadedness? How peculiar, that doing the right thing by the environment - buying the hybrid, eating like a locavore - should now set you up for the Ed Begley Jr. treatment.
Audrey Hepburn|For my whole life, my favorite activity was reading. It's not the most social pastime.
Kristine K. Stevens, If Your Dream Doesn't Scare You, It Isn't Big Enough: A Solo Journey Around the World|There I was, poised on the edge of the high diving board of life, and the pool kept moving around.
Andrew Kendall, The Dark Dictionary: A Guide to Help Eradicate Your Darkness, Restore Your Light, and Redefine Your Life.|I finally understood that what we put into the world, into the universe, often has a way of coming right back to us.
Scott Douglas, Quiet, Please: Dispatches From A Public Librarian|The patron gets comfortable in bed and opens up the book -- it opens tentatively -- and the patron bends the open book backward until there is a satisfying crack and the book is a little more supple, a little easier to read. The book spine has just been broken, and a broken spine means a more submissive book.
Andy Warhol|Ordinary persons, he said, smiling, found no differences between men. The artist found them all.
Don Adams|I would like it to be known that I have decided not to marry Group Capt. Peter Townsend. Mindful of the church's teaching that Christian marriage is indissoluble, and conscious of my duty to the Commonwealth, I have resolved to put these considerations before any others.
Kelly Thompson, The Girl Who Would Be King|I sit back and try to think. I've been discovering, much to my dismay, that I'm not a criminal mastermind or anything. I'm just brute force and my powers in no way include super-intelligence, which kind of pisses me off.
George Friedman, The Next Decade: What the World Will Look Like|Long-term solutions are more attractive and cause much less controversy than short-term solutions, which will affect people who are still alive and voting.
Mehmet Murat ildan|But the culture-vultures and the intellectual snobs, and the self-appointed guardians of the Muses, often frighten off the average person from the free development of this appetite.
Elizabeth Langston|I’m never going to be kissed.”I open my eyes to see my brothers gaping at me like I’ve lost my mind.“You don’t kiss boys,” says West. “Boys shouldn’t be anywhere near you. Guys only want one thing, Rach, and it ain’t conversation. I should know.” He waves off the subject in frustration, then shakes his head as he speaks again. “Why are we even talking about this? You aren’t seeing anyone.”“Ah, hell,” mumbles Jack. “We’re having the sex talk with my baby sister.”“Is she dating?” Gavin demands of West and Ethan. “She can’t be dating. Now we have to beat the snot out of some horny teenager. You should have told me this was going on.”“Make them stop,” I whisper to Ethan. Along with the dread of speeches and vomiting, I’m also dying of embarrassment.“She’s not dating!” West shudders as if spiders cover him. “That’s just sick, Rach. Don’t talk like that. Ever. Again.”Gavin sends me a glare clearly meant to warn me off from kissing and dating boys before he heads for the main ballroom.
Mike Pompeo|When I got out of the army, I had the G.I. Bill. Since I had no high school education or anything like that, I came to NYU, and they took a chance on me and let me in.
Kate Chisman|Love, at its best, wipes commonsenseAway. Much as drops will condenseFrom hidden liquid in the air, So, too, do lovers soon compareTheir temp’ratures til, happily,Their judgement fogs up suddenly.
Eliezer Yudkowsky, Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality|Most Muggles lived in a world defined by the limits of what you could do with cars and telephones. Even though Muggle physics explicitly permitted possibilities like molecular nanotechnology or the Penrose process for extracting energy from black holes, most people filed that away in the same section of their brain that stored fairy tales and history books, well away from their personal realities: Long ago and far away, ever so long ago.
Colleen Houck|Okay, then I’ll just say I love you. There is nothing in this world more important to me than you are. I’m only content when you’re near. My whole purpose is to be what you need me to be. It’s not poetry, but it’s from my heart. Will that do?
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Fancy Pants|This is a perfect example of how entirely out of hand the women in this country have gotten. You act like men aren't anything more than extraneous amusements, little toys to keep you entertained.
Roman Payne|Let's get something straight; you're not a piece of shit, you're amazing. It doesn't matter who buys me drinks, or who asks me to dance, or who flirts with me. I'm going home with you. You've asked me to trust you, and you don't seem to trust me. - Abby, Beautiful Disaster
C. JoyBell C.|I really feel sorry for the many men who are surrounded by people who flatter them all the time. In Chinese we have a golden proverb: "The true friend is the one who shows you how to bow down. Because you cannot enter the cave of treasures without bowing at the opening. And the true enemy is the one who flatters you. Because you cannot enter the cave of treasures standing tall with pride." At the end of the day, it is those that flatter you who keep you away from the true treasures in your life. In the culture we all live in today, we are taught to surround ourselves by people "who believe in us". That is true to some extent. But in reality, there are many times when the people around us ought to slap us in the face because we are being idiots. This seems to be particularly prevalent amongst men. In their quest to build a kingdom, they surround themselves with peasants. But this is not how to build a kingdom. In order to build a kingdom, surround yourself with knights. True friends who will protect you, even if it means protecting you from your own wayward self.
Lewis Carroll, Through the Looking-Glass, and What Alice Found There|One! two! and through and throughThe vorpal blade went snickersnack!He left it dead, and with its headHe went galumphing back.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, The Guardian|His characters are ravaged, beaten. They walk through infernos and emerge charred doves.
Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago|It´s a good thing when a man is different from your image of him. Is shows he isn´t a type. If he were, it would be the end of him as a man. But if you can´t place him in a category, it means that at least a part of him is what a human being ought to be. He has risen above himself, he has a grain of immortality.
Meridian Way, Lost|There’s a light pulsing somewhere, its soft, amber glow gently seeping into the delicate skin covering my eyes, pooling in the tiny gullies on either side of my nose. My body feels heavy, burdened with the weight of a thousand year sleep.
Billy Crystal|That’s the thing about jazz: it’s free flowing, it comes from your soul.
Jodi Picoult, The Storyteller|When a freedom is taken away from you, I suppose, you recognize it as a privilege, not a right.
Adam Christing|I asked Tom if countries always apologized when they had done wrong  and he said: "Yes: the little one does."
Lucy Grealy|Nostalgia-- that's the basic sickness, and I never heard of a doctor who can cure it.
David Che, Total Law of Attraction: Unleash Your Secret Creative Power To Get What You Want!|Today, no matter where I'm going and no matter what I am doing, it is my dominant intent to see that which I am wanting to see.
Anthony Doerr|Do not fear the ghosts in this house; theyare the least of your worries.Personally I find the noises they make reassuring,The creaks and footsteps in the night,their little tricks of hiding things,or moving them, I findendearing, not upsettling. It makes the placefeel so much more like a home.Inhabited.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Time management is reactive, whereas time strategy is proactive.
Karen Essex, Stealing Athena|Risk should be taken for a cause not pleasure, life is not worth to ruin but to live with pride.
Christina Lauren, Autoboyography|Light bursts behind my closed eyes, so intensely I nearly hear the popping sound. It's my brain melting, or my world ending, or maybe we've just been hit by a meteor and this is the rapture and I'm given one last perfect moment before I'm sent to purgatory and he;s sent somewhere much, much better.It isn't his first kiss - I know that - but it's his first real one.
Rachel Van Dyken, Toxic|For a novelist, the gaps in a story are as intriguing as material that still exists.
Emily Watson|It was really fun being in Tara's trailer, working on my lines. Tara is such an amazing actress. She's so good at what she does. I learned a lot from watching her.
Paul C. Nagel, John Quincy Adams: A Public Life, a Private Life|I carry too much of the week into the Sabbath , and too little of the Sabbath into the week. John Quincy Adams
Antoine de Saint-Exupery|Don't worry about what the people say; be yourself, say what you want to say with respect.
Ravi Subramanian|Los Angeles gives one the feeling of the future more strongly than any city I know of. A bad future, too, like something out of Fritz Lang's feeble imagination.
Lionel Messi|There was a time when men thought it was sexy to have a housewife waiting for him to come home from work in her slippers, but in modern society, I think an independent woman is even more sexy.
Diana Gabaldon, Dragonfly in Amber|A hedgehog? And just how does a hedgehog make love?" he demanded. No, I thought. I won't. I will not. But I did. "Very carefully," I replied, giggling helplessly. So now we know just how old that one is, I thought. 
David Byrne, Bicycle Diaries|It's a bit like sympathetic magic in a way: the usual Western presumption that 'primitive' rituals mimic what they desire to achieve--that phallic objects might be believed to increase male potency and playacting rainfall might somehow bring it about. I am suspicious of such obvious connections and I suspect that the connections among things, people, and processes can be equally irrational. I sense the world might be more dreamlike, metaphorical, and poetic than we currently believe--but just as irrational as sympathetic magic when looked at in a typically scientific way. I wouldn't be surprised if poetry--poetry in the broadest sense, in the sense of a world filled with metaphor, rhyme, and recurring patterns, shapes, and designs--is how the world works. The world isn't logical, it's a song.
Ellen Read, The Dragon Sleeps|Stop being the shy boy that wants to do everything right and responsibly. I’m sick of your honorable intentions Eli. In fifty years, when I’m old in my bed I want to wake up when the sun shines in my window and know that the person lying beside me was the right choice. I don’t want to look at someone else and always wish it was you.” ~ Maggie Parsons from Epitaphs from the Afterlife
Yasmin Tirado-Chiodini, Antonio's Will|In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to a speedy and public trial, by an impartial jury of the State and district wherein the crime shall have been committed, which district shall have been previously ascertained by law, and to be informed of the nature and cause of the accusation; to be confronted with the witnesses against him; to have compulsory process for obtaining witnesses in his favor, and to have the Assistance of Counsel for his defense. - Sixth Amendment, United States Constitution
V.E. Schwab, A Gathering of Shadows|Look, everyone talks about the unknown like it's some big scary thing, but it's the familiar that's always bothered me. It's heavy, builds up around you like rocks, until it's walls and a ceiling and a cell.
Eveth Colley|Know your self package to the core. Never lose the strength of assets, your values, what identifies and separates you, what makes you unique. No, you or I are perfect but we are who we are now and we should continue to move towards that better person God sees us to be.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Cat's Cradle|After the thing went off, after it was a sure thing that America could wipe out a city with just one bomb, a scientist turned to Father and said, 'Science has now known sin.' And do you know what Father said? He said, 'What is sin?
Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth|You cannot stay at the same level as when you first practiced your truth, life won't let you.
Kobe Bryant|The world runs on individuals pursuing their self interests. The great achievements of civilization have not come from government bureaus. Einstein didn't construct his theory under order from a, from a bureaucrat. Henry Ford didn't revolutionize the automobile industry that way.
Amy Lukavics, The Women in the Walls|The organism - there was no other thing she could think to call it - churned and moved as it propelled itself across the ground, the living bodies of animals briefly appearing before being submerged in a sea of bugs as others rose to the surface. And then there were the bones. At first she didn't quite understand what she was seeing. For a moment she believed that they were pieces of wood - limbs of trees picked up by the undulating mass - but when she saw the skull, its jaw hanging open in a silent scream, she understood the horror of what it was. the remains of victims were a part of its body, flowing within the multitude that made up its mass.
Thomas Dekker|I like my women to be feminine, not sliding into tackles and covered in mud.
Steven Redhead, Life Is Simply A Game|But we do neither: we never fail, and we never succeed. We are not the designers of our lives. Life is the designer of us. Life is vast and grand, intelligent, clever, and completely unknowable. It always has the last word. It is the last word. Life interrupts us when we are at our most self-assured. Life diverts us when we are hellbent on going elsewhere. Life arrives in a precise and yet unplanned sequence to deliver exactly what we need in order to realize our greatest potential. The delivery is not often what we would choose, and almost never how we intend to satisfy ourselves, because our potential is well beyond our limited, ego-bound choices and self serving intentions.
Domonique Bertolucci|One of the most powerfulquestions you can ask yourself is,‘How do I hold myself back?’Once you know the answeryou can get out of your way.
Joan Bauer, Peeled|Even if that were true, it wouldn't be irony," Lucas pointed out. "Irony is the contrast between what's said and what happens.
John Owen, Communion with the Triune God|The sun that shines today is the sun that shone when thy father was born, andwill still be shining when thy last grandchild shall pass into the darkness.
Kathryn Schulz, Being Wrong: Adventures in the Margin of Error|Empowered Women 101: A confident woman doesn't make her whole life purpose her man. She understands that he is her counter part to achieving whatever she is to accomplish on this earth with the blessings and talents God has given her. He is part of the plan, not the whole plan.
Og Mandino|Luck is a dividend of sweat. The more you sweat, the luckier you get.
Charles R. Cross, Room Full of Mirrors: A Biography of Jimi Hendrix|One of these days, I'm going to astral project myself up into the skies," he boasted. "I'll be going to the stars and the moon. I want to fly and see what's up there."I want to go up to the sky," he said, looking at his aunt, "from star to star.
Jed Diamond, Stress Relief for Men: How to Use the Revolutionary Tools of Energy Healing to Live Well|When our hearts are in a state of coherence, we more easily experience feelings such as love, care, appreciation, and kindness. On the other hand, feelings such as irritation, anger, hurt, and envy are more likely to occur when the head and heart are out of alignment.
Amanda Holden|In old age we are like a batch of letters that someone has sent. We are no longer in the past, we have arrived.
Sydney J. Harris|The generality of mankind is lazy. What distinguishes men of genuine achievement from the rest of us is not so much their intellectual powers and aptitudes as their curiosity, their energy, their fullest use of their potentialities. Nobody really knows how smart or talented he is until he finds the incentives to use himself to the fullest. God has given us more than we know what to do with.
Donna Grant, Dark Alpha's Embrace|Kyran stretched his legs out and crossed them at the ankles. “You’re needed, River. It’s not by accident that you know what you do about the Fae and were put in our path. You’re destined to aid us in this.”When she didn’t respond, he tried again. “Think of all the innocents, like your family and Jordyn’s, who were killed. You have a chance to help us put an end to such things for everyone. The half-Fae will no longer need to fear for their lives. And I promise you I’ll figure out who has hunted your family and end it.”Her resigned look cut through him. “You can’t do that. You work for Death. I doubt you’ll be given leave to help me.”“Let me deal with that. Whether you help me or not, I’m going to find out why the Dark are hunting your family. And then I’m going to make sure it never happens again.”River swung her gaze to him. She tucked a long length of hair behind her ear. “Do I have your word you’ll stop whoever is after me?”“Aye.” Kyran held out his hand.River stared at it a moment before she leaned up and took it. They shook, her small hand in his. “Then I’ll help you.
Howard E. Wasdin|Such truth, as opposeth no man's profit, nor pleasure, is to all men welcome.
Samantha Shannon, The Song Rising|Just going outside put me at risk of winding up dead or captured. If I let that daunt me, I'd never do anything.
Carla Reighard, Settlers|This, it occurred to me, was the deeper meaning in the mournful merriment I had been part of that day. I stood at Mam's sink before bedtime, filling an iced tea glass with water, thinking that I had underestimated this place where I was born. I knew it was a good place to be from. I had no idea how great a place it was to be.
Frank Sheed, Theology and Sanity|If what you want does not exist, why not create it?
Jim Butcher, White Night|Regardless of what I think about Islam or Wicca or any other religion, the fact is that it's a group of people. Every faith has its ceremonies. And since it's made up of people, every faith also has its assholes.
Mario Vargas Llosa|‎Reading good literature is an experience of pleasure...but it is also an experience of learning what and how we are, in our human integrity and our human imperfection, with our actions, our dreams, and our ghosts, alone and in relationships that link us to others, in our public image and in the secret recesses of our consciousness.
Charlotte Eriksson, You're Doing Just Fine|Nothing much bothered you for a while and you kept walking like a silhouette through this town, saying hi’s and goodbyes, acting polite at all times. But there is no fire in your heart; you are not very concerned.
John Gwynne|What is across there? Lykos said.Death, whatever that is. Said Calidus.
Michael  Grant, Plague|It’s time,” Jack said.“Breeze? Count the kids,” Sam said.Brianna was back in twenty seconds. “Eighty-two, boss.”“About a third,” Jack observed. “A third of what’s left.”“Wait. Make that eighty-eight,” Brianna said. “And a dog.”Lana, looking deeply irritated—a fairly usual expression for her—and Sanjit, looking happy—a fairly usual expression for him—and Sanjit’s siblings were trotting along to catch up.“I don’t know if we’re staying up there or not,” Lana said without preamble. “I want to check it out. And my room smells like crap.”Just before the time was up, Sam heard a stir. Kids were making a lane for someone, murmuring. His heart leaped.“Hey, Sam.”He swallowed the lump in his throat. “Diana?”“Not expecting me, huh?” She made a wry face. “Where’s blondie? I didn’t see her at the big pep rally.”“Are you coming with us?” Brianna demanded, obviously not happy about it.“Is Caine okay with this?” Sam asked Diana. “It’s your choice, but I need to know if he’s going to come after us to take you back.”“Caine has what he wants,” Diana said.“Maybe I should call Toto over,” Sam said. The truth teller was having a conversation with Spidey. “I could ask you whether you’re coming along to spy for Caine, and see what Toto has to say.”Diana sighed. “Sam, I have bigger problems than Caine. And so do you, I guess. Because the FAYZ is going to do something it’s never done before: grow by one.”“What’s that mean?”“You are going to be an uncle.”Sam stared blankly. Brianna said a very rude word. And even Dekka looked up.“You’re having a baby?” Dekka asked.“Let’s hope so,” Diana said bleakly. “Let’s hope that’s all it is.
Thomas Hardy, Tess of the D'Urbervilles|An imperfect human heart, perfectly shattered, was her conclusion. A condition so common as to be virtually universal, rendering issues of right and wrong almost incidental.
Tibor Fischer, The Thought Gang|I always consider every place worth exploring once- just in case there's a thirty foot flaming sign divulging the secret of life, that no one has told me about.
Steve Keen, Debunking Economics: The Naked Emperor Dethroned?|As UC Berkeley economics professor Brad DeLong put it to me:You get famine if the price of food spikes far beyond that of some people's means. This can be because food is short, objectively. This can be because the rich have bid the resources normally used to produce food away to other uses. You also get famine when the price of food is moderate if the incomes of large groups collapse.... In all of this, the lesson is that a properly functioning market does not seek to advance human happiness but rather to advance human wealth. What speaks in the market is money: purchasing power. If you have no money, you have no voice in the market. The market acts as if it does not know you exist and does not care whether you live or die.DeLong describes a marketplace that leaves people to die - not out of malice , but out of indifference.
Jack Germond|Sense of humor is important in life, not just in clothing. How boring to live a life in beige.
Joe Abercrombie, Red Country|In Mere Christianity, C. S. Lewis argues that human beings cannot be truly good or moral without faith in God and without submis- sion to the will of Christ. Unfortunately, Lewis does not provide any actual data for his assertions. They are nothing more than the mild musings of a wealthy British man, pondering the state of humanity’s soul between his sips of tea. Had Lewis actually famil- iarized himself with real human beings of the secular sort, per- haps sat and talked with them, he would have had to reconsider this notion. As so many apostates explained to me, morality is most certainly possible beyond the confines of faith. Can people be good without God? Can a moral orientation be sustained and developed outside of a religious context? The answer to both of these questions is a resounding yes.
Leo Tolstoy|Call me obsessed, color me consumedI’ve always been the type to noticeThe smell of a rose in bloom,But let me confess, this is newYou’ve stopped my heart, let it resumeAnd I, to finish, must tell it trueI’m high on your perfume.
Kel Kade, Reign of Madness|Not very tall, not very dark but very...very handsome,’ was his way of describing himself.
Nikki Rowe|I revered our theology, and aspired as much as any one to reach heaven: but being given assuredly to understand that the way is not less open to the most ignorant than to the most learned, and that the revealed truths which lead to heaven are above our comprehension, I did not presume to subject them to the impotency of my reason; and I thought that in order competently to undertake their examination, there was need of some special help from heaven, and of being more than man.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|I had always been taught that the pursuit of happiness was my natural (even national) birthright. It is the emotional trademark of my culture to seek happiness. Not just any kind of happiness, either, but profound happiness, even soaring happiness. And what could possibly bring a person more soaring happiness than romantic love.
John   Williams, France: Summer 1940|Dispassionately, reasonably, he contemplated the failutre that his life must appear to be. He had wanted friendship and the closeness of friendship that might hold him in the race of mankind; he had had two friends, one of whom had died senselessly before he was known, the other of whom had now withdrawn so distantly into the ranks of the living that... He had wanted the singleness and the still connective passion of marriage; he had had that, too, and he had not known what to do with it, and it had died. He had wanted love; and he had had love, and had relinquished it, had let it go into the chaos of potentiality. Katherine, he thought. "Katherine."  And he had wanted to be a teacher, and he had become one; yet he knew, he had always known, that for most of his life he had been an indifferent one. He had dreamed of a kind of integrity, of a kind of purity that was entire; he had found compromise and the assaulting diversion of triviality. He had conceived wisdom, and at the end of the long years he had found ignorance. And what else? he thought. What else? What did you expect? he asked himself.
Smokey Robinson|And what is needed to prevent them from joining gangs was ample recreation for boys as well as girls, jobs and internships for training and money, and assistance to allow their families to live in decent homes.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Look at the single words below; wear these emotions on your face for just a moment. Try them on for size and note how they make you feel:Happiness. Fear. Anger. Sadness. Contempt. Surprise. Disgust.These are the basic human emotions which communicate with clear understanding across cultures, languages, and countries. In other words, a smile naturally conveys happiness and a frown naturally conveys sadness, no matter where you may be using your passport.
Garrance Franke-Ruta|So you have something important to say, so you interrupt an exciting conversation already in progress just to let us know you have nothing to contribute to the discussion. Umm....
A. Merc Rustad, Love Hurts: A Speculative Fiction Anthology|You sit beside the sorcerer, your love, and unzip your ribs. Tucked under your heart is a small oak box, plain and unvarnished. You offer it to the sorcerer. 'I brought this for you.
Donald Trump|Marriage is an adventure, like going to war.
Douglas Coupland|Oh, poor, poor fellow!' said Mrs. Elliot with a remorse that was sincere, though her congratulations would not have been.
Laura Hillenbrand, Unbroken: A World War II Story of Survival, Resilience, and Redemption|The paradox of vengefulness is that it makes men dependent upon those who have harmed them, believing that their release from pain will come only when their tormentors suffer.
Chanel Cleeton, French Kissed|She was Bloomingdale’s, not Victoria Secret. She was vanilla, not peach. She was Paul Reiser, not Lenny Bruce. This was not my kind of chick.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|In my humble opinion, forever is a bitter brew." - Max; Before Ever After ♥
Tom Althouse|You are the water that flows freely, the most dynamic force on the planet with the ability to change course and outlook at any time. You can be a raging river or a placid pond. A source of nourishment, or a breaker of walls. Part of an ocean or a solitary drop. You are dynamic, you are beauty, you are life.
Dianna Hardy, Broken Lights|Hope – or perhaps delusion – was a flame that had stayed lit, even though its scorching light would hurt. It had refused to go out.
Lera Auerbach, Excess of Being|Life is like a cup of coffee: The more avidly you drink of it, the sooner you reach the dregs.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|It’s a dark thing when the world sets no value on you and your kin, and then Death comes stalking in, in his bloody boots”.
Evan Guerra|I was born into this torrid world a degenerate, eternally condemned a vessel of belligerency, destined to one day end. But despite my mortal disposition, I possess my voice. I have that which is gifted to me from the bosom of the gods. The beauty of self-expression. And through this gift I will come to know and share the true nature of reality
Stasi Eldredge, Becoming Myself: Embracing God's Dream of You|Then there were long, lazy summer afternoons when there was nothing to do but read. And dream. And watch the town go by to supper. I think that is why our great men and women so often have sprung from small towns, or villages. They have had time to dream in their adolescence. No cars to catch, no matinees, no city streets, none of the teeming, empty, energy-consuming occupations of the city child. Little that is competitive, much that is unconsciously absorbed at the most impressionable period, long evenings for reading, long afternoons in the fields or woods.
Michael Brett Turner|LIFE IS A JOURNEYLife on earth is a JOURNEY where the only certainty is the final STOP: DEATH.But as we journey on towards DEATH, we can create little STOPS along the way,These STOPS can give us a sense of purpose in life, something to work towards to, something to aim for,But let’s not get hung up with these stops ‘cos not all stops are what we expect them to be,For every stop that meets our expectations, there are many other stops that can be disappointing,Just like running towards the next bus-stop to get away from the rain only to find out that there is no shelter or someone has vandalised the shelter,So instead of getting all fixed up on the stops, focus on the JOURNEY,Enjoy the JOURNEY and stop whenever you feel like stopping to enjoy and savour the moment,And lend a helping hand to someone along the JOURNEY,For the stops and destinations are not as important as the JOURNEY itself.
James Patterson|At that moment I had no mind to change, or not change, or throw against the nearest wall.
George Washington|All obstructions to the execution of the laws, all combinations and associations, under whatever plausible character, with the real design to direct, control, counteract, or awe the regular deliberation and action of the constituted authorities, are destructive of this fundamental principle, and of fatal tendency. They serve to organize faction, to give it an artificial and extraordinary force; to put, in the place of the delegated will of the nation the will of a party, often a small but artful and enterprising minority of the community; and, according to the alternate triumphs of different parties, to make the public administration the mirror of the ill-concerted and incongruous projects of faction, rather than the organ of consistent and wholesome plans digested by common counsels and modified by mutual interests.
Charles Yu, Sorry Please Thank You: Stories|I hope you read this, whoever you are, and imagine that there is a hypothetical person out there who needs your love, has been waiting silently, patiently for it all his life, is flawed and downright ugly at times and yet would have just eaten up any tiny bit of affection you had been willing to give, had you ever stopped your own happy life to notice. And then imagine that this hypothetical person is real, because he probably is.... Wish I’d met you. Wish I wasn’t your hypothetical. But you’re reading this, which means a few minutes ago, I went into that bathroom and pulled the trigger. You probably heard it. Sorry. You’re welcome. Thank you. And please. Please, please, please, please, please, please, please.
Christopher Hitchens|Funny thing how it is. If a man owns a little property, that property is him, it's part of him, and it's like him. If he owns property only so he can walk on it and handle it and be sad when it isn't doing well, and feel fine when the rain falls on it, that property is him, and some way he's bigger because he owns it. Even if he isn't successful he's big with his property. That is so.''But let a man get property he doesn't see, or can't take time to get his fingers in, or can't be there to walk on it - why, then the property is the man. He can't do what he wants, he can't think what he wants. The property is the man, stronger than he is. And he is small, not big. Only his possessions are big - and he's the servant of his property. That is so, too.
Jane Avrich, The Winter Without Milk: Stories|This was a great magic. Festin had no more performed it than has any man who in exile or danger longs for the earth and waters of his home, seeing and yearning over the doorsill of his house, the table where he has eaten, the branches outside the window of the room where he has slept. Only in dreams do any but the great Mages realize this magic of going home.
Susan Mallery, Sister of the Bride|Don't you understand how Cho's feeling at the moment?" [Hermione] asked."No," said Ron and Harry together.Hermione sighed and laid down her quill."Well, obviously, she's feeling very sad, because of Cedric dying. Then I expect she's feeling confused because she liked Cedric and now she likes Harry, and she can't work out who she likes best. Then she'll be feeling guilty, thinking it's an insult to Cedric's memory to be kissing Harry at all, and she'll be worrying about what everyone else might say about her if she starts going out with Harry. And she probably can't work out what her feelings toward Harry are anyway, because he was the one who was with Cedric when Cedric died, so that's all very mixed up and painful. Oh, and she's afraid she's going to be thrown off the Ravenclaw Quidditch team because she's been flying so badly."A slightly stunned silence greeted the end of this speech, then Ron said, "One person can't feel all that at once, they'd explode.""Just because you've got the emotional range of a teaspoon doesn't mean we all have," said Hermione nastily, picking up her her quill again.
Jane Fonda|It's hard for women at my age in Hollywood, but I'm not discouraged.
Albert Memmi, The Colonizer and the Colonized|By saying that human issues are more important than non-human issues, that violence to humans is more relevant than violence to animals, one forgets that the animal liberation movement implies a message of peace for every being on earth and the opposition against the mindset of oppression. To make a distinction between one violence and another is exactly the root of all violence: Some wouldn't do any harm to those who share with them a flag, a religion, a language, etc. but would easily condemn to suffering and death those who are different. This tragic use of diversity as an excuse to inflict pain on others for a matter of profit and convenience is the cause of suffering for both human and non-human animals.
Ryūnosuke Akutagawa, Hell Screen|I could have sworn that the man's eyes were no longer watching his daughter dying in agony, that instead the gorgeous colors of flames and the sight of a woman suffering in them were giving him joy beyond measure.
Aimée Dostoyevsky, The Emigrant|The resurrection cannot be tamed or tethered by any utilitarian test. It is a vast watershed in history, or it is nothing. It cannot be tested for truth; it is the test of lesser truths. No light can be thrown on it; its own light blinds the investigator. It does not compel belief; it resists it. But once accepted as fact, it tells more about the universe, about history, and about man's state and fate that all the mountains of other facts in the human accumulation.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|If you seek a teacher, try to become a real student. If you want to be a student, try to find a real teacher.
Handi Priyono|Plus, if you think carefully, when you fall in love with someone not for her lookay, don't you think it's purer? It would last longer as physical aged but personality grows
Carol S. Pearson|And you, are Ruin, the chosen Carnificem, and WOE is what you're all about, it's your purpose. Doom and Gloom. ~Caliber Creed
Olaf Stapledon|With each brick, my hopes faded until nothing was left. If there had ever been a chance of Dominic and my father returning, then the wall took that too. My schoolteacher taught us a new song that thanked our leaders for building a wall to keep the fascists out. I muted my glares and only mouthed the words when my teacher was looking - I couldn't bear to sing the lies.
John Mead|Never give in to the Darkness. The Light will shower you with gifts, until you let down your guard. The Darkness will only Overbear. Darkness overcomes, Darkness conquers. But Light Destroys.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|Abort the thought, save the baby
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|Do not think that love, in order to be genuine, has to be extraordinary. What we need is to love without getting tired.
Emmanuelle de Maupassant, Cautionary Tales: Voices from the Edges|Good and evil exist in all of us. a moment’s temptation takes us on a wrong path. On that path may lurk foul fiends,inhuman, yet feeding, needingall our weaknesses: vanity, indolence and envy,Easy fruits for evil appetites,our flesh, a tasty afterthought,our bones flung asunder.
Kamon, Victor en amour|You become good at what you practise, basketball, anger or compassion, it is up to you!
Catherine Bell|They decided as part of my 75th birthday celebrations that I would be entitled to fly first class. I'll be honest, I'm not good at flying anymore. To my credit, I can stretch out on two coach seats.
Corinne Duyvis, Otherbound|That would make it easy for Amara. Not having a choice was always easy. It was always safer. However bad things were, you kept your head down and did as you were told in order to avoid worse.The world always wanted people like her to believe those lies.You were never safe as long as you were at someone else’s whim.Amara’s eyes met Cilla’s, dark and beaten and haunted.Not having a choice was the worst thing in the world.Amara pushed the knife down. Nolan didn’t stop her. And in that moment, with her enemy’s knife in her own hand, a point pressing on Cilla’s arm, Cilla’s skin familiar against hers, relief sneaked up on her and refused to let go. Because what she’d told Cilla wasn’t true. It wasn’t that she couldn’t go back to her old life; she could. If she went back, she’d hate herself, but it meant survival. It might be worth it or it might not be, and she’d never have to find out because it would never happen. She wasn’t going back.It wasn’t because of what Maart wanted, or because of what Cilla asked, or because of what Jorn said. She’d made the choice. It was hers alone. This or nothing.Blood welled up from Cilla’s arm. Amara let the knife clatter to the ground. She reached for the cut. She was almost smiling now, a desperate smile that had her lips trembling, that came with tears burning her eyes.This or nothing.
Juliette Binoche|I don't think of my songs as sad songs. I think of them as vulnerable and honest. I crack jokes in between songs, so people don't leave feeling too dark.
Maria Elena, Eternal Youth|I sleep and sleep and sleep, yet I still have an unquenchable thirst for it.
Mary Potter Kenyon, Refined By Fire: A Journey of Grief and Grace|What were you going to make for Christmas dinner?” one of my older children asked in a very reasonable tone. I cleared my throat, but couldn’t speak. There was no real explanation for my behavior. I’d been so intent on getting through this first Christmas without David. I’d found new rituals to replace the old, wrapped gifts, and even made cutout sugar cookies. I’d modified Christmas in order to endure it. What I hadn’t done was plan on or prepare a Christmas meal. Everyone waslooking at me expectantly by this point, including my sweet, hungrygrandchildren.“I forgot all about Christmas dinner,” I finally admitted. No one batted an eye.
Subodh Gupta, Stress Management a Holistic Approach|anxiety becomes high energy when taken to the light. For me, it worked like this: I used to live in a constant state of anxiety, worrying about the past and the future. Now I do my best to focus my attention on the present moment. So the mental energy I used to waste on worrying is channeled into the present, making me better able to focus intently and enthusiastically on a task (whether work or play). In a similar way, perfection becomes tenacity, and compulsivity becomes drive. Traits that once brought us down can lift us up when taken to the light.
Abramelin Keldor, The Goodwill Grimoire|Good, evil, these are human concepts, ways people have for understanding what it means to be alive,” Nick said. “Before people came along, this planet was teeming with life, fighting to survive, to live long enough to reproduce, completing the circle of li
Paul Samuelson|In science, if you don't do it, somebody else will. Whereas in art, if Beethoven didn't compose the 'Ninth Symphony,' no one else before or after is going to compose the 'Ninth Symphony' that he composed; no one else is going to paint 'Starry Night' by van Gogh.
Jeannette Walls|That was the thing to remember about all monsters, They love to frightenpeople, but the minute you stare them down, they turn tail and run.
Heidi Baker, Learning to Love: Passion, Compassion and the Essence of the Gospel|But God's love is big enough to touch any life, to make light out of any darkness. Jesus came that we might have life, so that no more would we have to die in depression, anger or pain. He loved people back to life. He would go anywhere, talk to anyone. And wherever He went, He would stop for the one-- the forgotten one, the one who was rejected, outcast, sick, even stone dead. Even a thief who was dying for his crimes on the cross next to Him. In the Kingdom of God's love there is no sinner who cannot come home.
Charles Dickens|Welcome, old aspirations, glittering creatures of an ardent underneath the holly! We know you, and have not outlived you yet. Welcome, old projects, and old loves, however fleeting, to your nooks among the steadier lights that burn around us
Avi, Sophia's War: A Tale of the Revolution|Madame, I believe the greatest sin against God is to be false. If one is not true to one's self, then it is impossible to be true to God. I bear you no ill will for following your heart.
Madeleine L'Engle|Growing up is a process that never ends. It isn't a point you attain so you can say, Hooray, I'm grown up. Some people never grow up. And nobody ever finishes growing. Or shouldn't. If you stop you might as well quit. What I have to tell you is that it never gets any easier. It goes right on being rough forever. But nothing that's easy is worth anything. You ought to have learned that by now. What happens as you keep on growing is that all of a sudden you realize that it's more exciting and beautiful than scary and awful.
Alan Moore, V for Vendetta|Our masters have not heard the people's voice for generations and it is much, much louder than they care to remember.
Mara Amberly, Fire and Gold|The pieces of the puzzle are visible, but not the grand design. Images flicker and dance like memories, hinting at events to come. They scatter the moment I reach for them only to re-form to taunt me. I who never truly possessed them, nor may I ever.They do tell me this: a time of great change approaches and it’s not enough to watch. We must act. We can’t count on others to do our work for us or all may be lost.- Oracle Lilian’s Diary, Winter of 3765
Michael Greger|Eating a varied plant-based diet - and avoiding all meat, fish, chicken and dairy products - may have much to recommend it, but it's certainly not for everyone.
Salman Rushdie, Midnight's Children|Reality is a question of perspective; the further you get from the past, the more concrete and plausible it seems - but as you approach the present, it inevitably seems more and more incredible.
Richard Feynman|As relates to life on Earth, the fine structure constant determines how solar radiation is absorbed in our atmosphere, and it also applies to how photosynthesis works in plants.
John Fante, Wait Until Spring, Bandini|Why I would sell the whole world for a single kopek, just so that nobody would bother me. Should the world go to hell, or should I go without my tea now? I'll say let the world go to hell so long as I can have my tea whenever I want it.
Thomas Ligotti, Songs of a Dead Dreamer and Grimscribe|Jealousy can instigate the cruellest act, or more to the point, hatred can. Miss Bennett was the one who found Nathan lying at the bottom of the stairs in the cellar, said he must have slipped or something, especially with one leg being so much weaker than the other. They as good people never would have suspected their own daughter of pushing him. That she never showed emotion over her brother’s death was put down to trauma. I could see what they could not—a child incapable of any kind of feeling apart from selfishness. I can still picture him now, lying on his stomach, his head twisted at an unnatural angle, eyes glazed like one of Rhiannon’s dolls. She was then about seven years old with the face of an angel and a nature as cruel as anyone on death row.
Ann Hood, Comfort: A Journey Through Grief|Even now, there are still days so beautiful, I almost believe in God.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, This Is My Life|Comfortable in my own skin,I'm madly in love with myself.
Joseph Fourier, The Analytical Theory of Heat|There cannot be a language more universal and more simple, more free from errors and obscurities...more worthy to express the invariable relations of all natural things [than mathematics]. [It interprets] all phenomena by the same language, as if to attest the unity and simplicity of the plan of the universe, and to make still more evident that unchangeable order which presides over all natural causes
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Wonderful|The boy stuck his hand out politely and shook hers, then extended it to Fergus, his eyes bright as stars in the night sky. "That's cool," he said, looking down at Fergus's hand and turning it sideways so he could get a better look. "You have little webs between your fingers. Does that hep you swim?"Marcus cleared his throat, looking embarrassed. "Tito, dude, it's not polite to comment on people's, um, oddities." He shrugged an apology at Fergus, who just laughed."I do not mind," Fergus said, grinning at the dark-skinned boy. He leaned down and whispered. "Can you keep a secret? I am actually a Merman from an undersea kingdom; that is why I have webs between my fingers." He held up one bare foot and said in a more normal tone, "Toes, too, see?"Tito's face was a study in conflicting awe and disbelief. "I never heard of a Merman," he said, dubiously. "I thought there were only Mermaids. And they're made up."Fergus snorted. "If you do not have any Mermen, how would get more Mermaids, eh?
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Love requires trust, and trust requires honesty that is only got through love.
Vann Chow, Shanghai Nobody|While I still did not know what self- actualization that sat on the top level of the pyramid meant, I could believethat if I knew I would be able to say something positive about it as well inmy life.
Diane Ackerman, One Hundred Names for Love: A Stroke, a Marriage, and the Language of Healing|Listen, I'd rather lie naked in a plowed field under an incontinent horse for a week than have to read that paragraph again!
Naima Simone, Beauty and the Bachelor|I’ve had your kiss. I know what you taste like, and that’s only worsened the need. Made me crave more.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without renewal of mind, there is no transformation.
Winston S. Churchill|So much the worse for those who fear wine, for it is because they have some bad thoughts which they are afraid the liquor will extract from their hearts.
David Levithan, Two Boys Kissing|The day Verdene left for England, a part of Margot left with her. Verdene has brought color back into her life. Before, everything was black-and-white: Make money or die trying. Feel pain or feel nothing at all.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|Moths," repeats Will. "You're afraid of moths?" "Not just a cloud of moths," she says, "like...a swarm of them. Everywhere. All those wings and legs and..." She shudders and shakes her head."Terrifying," Will says with mock seriousness. "That's my girl. Tough as cotton balls.""Oh, Shut up.
Sergey Brin|I hope to focus on what I'm passionate about because I think I'd do them best job on them - education, urban education, women and children's issues and literacy.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Unlocking Closed Doors|Like an athlete trains, so must the student of life.
James D. Sass, Essays in Satanism|The enemies of your enemies are not always your friends, but they can still be useful.
Joseph Fink, Welcome to Night Vale|Josh loved his mother, but he did not know why. Diane loved her son, and she did not care why.
Richard Rohr|Sacramental listening reminds us that current suffering isn’t the end of the story. God loves us deeply, and the vision for the future is vaster and more magnificent than we could ever imagine. In these moments of profound human presence, we are awakened to the divine presence and see that the kingdom of God is coming and yet is already here.
Richard Feynman|Sometimes silence is not an indicator of not caring, but a way to give time and space to the one who is hurting. Only judge when time passes and the void widens such that the chasm cannot be bridged.
Ashley Jeffery|Enough of this guilt," he told her, his voice reduced to a cracked whisper. "What's done is done.
Sonya Bria|Perfect, just what I need this morning, another episode in battle of the wits.
Elizabeth Scott|A person’s voice can have such a powerful experience on the listener, very different from looking at the words on the page.
Terje B. Englund, The Czechs In A Nutshell|Russian bolshevism, replacing eastern Christendom by the grim religiosity of Marx, produced a caricature of the evangelical counsels with many a diabolical aspect. There is a good deal of “communism” in monasteries and convents, yet this is based upon a voluntary renunciation of perfect human rights. On account of our free will we can make supreme sacrifices which ennobles our very existence. Bolshevism on the other hand forces us brutally into a parody of monastic life amidst fellow monks and fellow nuns who hate their habit and sigh under the ferocious tyranny of their pseudo-abbot. This evil distortion of an otherwise Christian ideal is more satanic than wanton, a thoroughly pagan and diabolic opposition to Christian existence. This explains also the reason why the Vatican has found stronger words against “altruistic” bolshevism than against egoistic capitalism
Tamora Pierce, Bloodhound|Curse him for being all tight muscle, with ivory skin and a mouth as soft as rose petals. Curse him for having hair as fair as the sun, and eyes as black as night. Curse him for having the grace of a cat and deft, cool hands. And now I am having the same argument on paper that I have in my own head on too many nights. I know my choice is sensible, but it isn't my common sense I think with, those times Rosto's stolen a kiss from me.
Lauren Oliver, Requiem|I don't understand how everything changes, how the layers of your life get buried. Impossible. At some point, at some time, we must all explode.
Baris Gencel|There seems to be a different Chicago around every street corner, behind every bar, and within every apartment, two-flat, cottage, or bungalow. City of immigrants or city of heartless plutocrats, say what you will, Chicago almost defies interpretation. In many ways Chicago is like a snake that sheds its skin every thirty years or so and puts on a new coat to conform to a new reality.
John Boehner|I've always just adored music. It's my first love, really. I admire and respect people in the music business. You really have to work hard and diligently. Sometimes actors can be lazy and get away with it, but you can't do that if you're a musician.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The small launch bay was littered with debris. A powerful breeze tore at his black silk shirt as Kilroy made his way across it to the waiting shuttle, evoking a feeling like the fingers of fate were caressing his body. “The Hammer” stepped over the body of one of his fallen crew without a trace of care or concern. The air was rushing past him, like a wind, out into space through the wounds in the side of his ship. Fatigued and desperate, the Hammer was running out of options. His ship was a mess, holed in a dozen places, the life support systems failing. Weakened hull sections were collapsing in pressure bursts. The vibrations that shook the deck beneath him now were not from the engines that once drove her forward, but now from the explosions down below, tearing her apart.
Exlibris_keagan|If someone tells you that you can't do it, then prove to yourself that you can. You don't need somebody else's word for it, you just need yours.
William Shakespeare, The Tempest|Though with their high wrongs I am struck to th' quick,Yet with my nobler reason 'gainst my furyDo I take part.
Amie Kaufman, Gemina|The next time somebody announces that he plans to get Medieval on your ass, tell him you're going to get Renaissance on his gonads.
Jayson Engay|The world is unfair, oh yes, live your life to achieve.
Jonathan P. Lamas, Sanctuary of Expression|All over the city lights were coming on in the purple-blue dusk. The street lights looked delicate and frail, as though they might suddenly float away from their lampposts like balloons. Long twirling ribbons of light, red, green, violet, were festooned about the doorways of drugstores and restaurants--and the famous electric signs of Broadway had come to life with glittering fish, dancing figures, and leaping fountains, all flashing like fire. Everything was beautiful. Up in the deepening sky above the city the first stars appeared white and rare as diamonds.
Nora Roberts|What you should really be sorry for," he continued, "is that for the rest of my life, I'll have to avoid wine cellars to keep from thinking about you.""Why? Was kissing me that bad?"A devil-solf whisper. "No sweetheart. It was that good.
Emily Maroutian, The Energy of Emotions: The 10 Emotional Environments and How They Shape the World Around Us|Anything that needlessly robs you of your time, energy, and other precious resources is destructive to you and your leadership.
Jim Valvano|Great men show politeness in a particular way; a smile suffices to assure you that you are welcome, and keep about their avocations as if you were a member of the family.
Brandon Jenner|My philosophy is really based on humility. I don't think we know enough to fix either diagnostics or therapeutics. The future of psychiatry is clinical neuroscience, based on a much deeper understanding of the brain.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Wampeters, Foma and Granfalloons|Unfortunately, that still leaves plenty of Americans who don't read much or think much -- who will still be extremely useful in unjust wars. We are sick about that. We did the best we could. 
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Life lessons build strength, and life is truly A Beautiful Struggle
Steven Manchesterchester|David looked at her and smiled. "I think you have to feel comfortable being alone with yourself before you truly know who you are and can feel comfortable being yourself with others.
David Mitchell, Ghostwritten|Where books had been a comfort before, they became a necessity, old books best of all: thick heavy tomes with stories that spread and twisted through other worlds, where he could walk like a ghost in the footsteps of other lives.
Kate Morton, The Forgotten Garden|That was the nature of history, of course: notional, partial, unknowable, a record made by the victors.
Heidi Priebe, This Is Me Letting You Go|At the end of your life, go out with a bruised-up, worn out heart that gave too much and loved too strongly and felt too fiercely.
Sam Harris|The realistic goal to be attained through spiritual practice is not some permanent state of enlightenment that admits of no further efforts, but a capacity to be free in this moment, in the midst of whatever is happening. If you can do that, you have already solved most of the problems you will encounter in life.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|...most systems end up by making imagined humility into a form of vanity, so they end up with vanity just the same.
Ron Baratono, The Writings of Ron Baratono|As we get better at knowing God’s love, we grow into better things that surround our lives.
Coretta Scott King|Should doubt knock at your doorway, just say to those skeptical, disturbing, rebellious thoughts, I propose to stay with my faith, with the faith of my people.
Debasish Mridha|When we talk, we express our preconceived thoughts, when we listen, we learn and give birth to new thoughts.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The word of God gives strength to my bones, power to my spirit and hope to my soul.
Karen Baker-Fletcher, Dancing with God: The Trinity from a Womanist Perspective|There's nothing good about diversity, other than the food, and we don't need 128 million Mexicans for the restaurants.
Beverly K. Bachel, What Do You Really Want?: How to Set a Goal and Go for It! A Guide for Teens|Attitude plays a bigger role than you may imagine in determining your future success—bigger than talent, money, or popularity.
Elizabeth Drescher, Choosing Our Religion: The Spiritual Lives of America's Nones|The appeal of Jesus to Nones has nothing to do with the institution developed by his followers, but rather with his willingness to walk across religious and other social boundaries, through the lives of ordinary people, attending to their suffering, healing their afflictions, welcoming them into conversation, and sharing stories of hope.
Heather  Marsh, Binding Chaos|Imperialism is a system of exploitation that occurs not only in the brutal form of those who come with guns to conquer territory. Imperialism often occurs in more subtle forms, a loan, food aid, blackmail . We are fighting this system that allows a handful of men on Earth to rule all of humanity.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Those who have darkness in their minds turn their bodies into darkness as well! Life is colourful; be like a rainbow, use every colour! Don’t get stuck in one colour, be colourful! Black, red, yellow, green, let all the colours be your colours! Those who have colourful minds will have colourful bodies as well!
Robin Hobb, Fool's Fate|It's a fine day for a prayer. But then, most days are.''That's what you were doing? Praying?' At his nod, I asked, 'For what do you petition the gods?'He raised his brows. 'Petition?''Isn't that what prayer is? Begging the gods to give you what you want?'He laughed, his voice deep as a booming wind, but kinder. 'I suppose that is how some men pray. Not I. Not anymore.''What do you mean?''Oh, I think that children pray so, to find a lost doll or that Father will bring home a good haul of fish, or that no one will discover a forgotten chore. Children think they know what is best for themselves, and do not fear to ask the divine for it. But I have been a man for many years, and I should be shamed if I did not know better by now.'I eased my back into a more comfortable position against the railing. I suppose if you are used to the swaying of a ship, it might be restful. My muscles constantly fought against it, and I was beginning to ache in every limb. 'So. How does a man pray, then?'He looked on me with amusement, then levered himself down to sit beside me. 'Don't you know? How do you pray, then?''I don't.' And then I rethought, and laughed aloud. 'Unless I'm terrified. Then I suppose I pray as a child does. 'Get me out of this, and I'll never be so stupid again. Just let me live.'He laughed with me. 'Well, it looks as if, so far, your prayers have been granted. And have you kept your promise to the divine?'I shook my head, smiling ruefully. 'I'm afraid not. I just find a new direction to be foolish in.''Exactly. So do we all. Hence, I've learned I am not wise enough to ask the divine for anything.''So. How do you pray then, if you are not asking for something?''Ah. Well, prayer for me is more listening than asking. And, after all these years, I find I have but one prayer left. It has taken me a lifetime to find my prayer, and I think it is the same one that all men find, if they but ponder on it longer enough.
Mary Oliver|Last nightthe rainspoke to meslowly, saying, what joyto come fallingout of the brisk cloud, to be happy againin a new wayon the earth! That’s what it saidas it dropped, smelling of iron, and vanishedlike a dream of the oceaninto the branchesand the grass below.Then it was over.The sky cleared.I was standingunder a tree.The tree was a treewith happy leaves, and I was myself, and there were stars in the skythat were also themselvesat the momentat which momentmy right handwas holding my left handwhich was holding the treewhich was filled with starsand the soft rain –imagine! imagine! the long and wondrous journeysstill to be ours.
BinYamin Gulzar|He murmured , "Hope" is a dangerous thing,Its makes you see things that aren't there. The " pain" makes you hallucinate ,It's like dragging your torn and tired soul through the haunted woods,‎ And the light that you see at the end must be my calling! And she said , 'You are broken ...All beautiful things are broken !'A broken soul allows the "light to scatter like a Diamond
Becos Mushenkye|If you want to live big, then don't let the small things kill you.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|Intuition is the lifeblood of a woman and the essential character of a man."-Serena Jade
Steven Hudson|It is the unknown that we thirst for. Curiosity that drives us... to learn. Not to hear, or to be told. But to see and feel, to experience.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|People and their values are almost infinitely diverse, and people will never agree on many elements of social arrangements that might be subjected to uniform rules of governance. Hence, the greater the scope of strictly individual self-determination, the lesser the scope of governance, and the greater the tolerance with which people live and let live among their fellows, the more peaceful and flourishing society will be
Darrell Calkins, Re:|As I’ve mentioned too often before, we are governed, and specifically our physicality is governed, by fairly strict rules, which are easily observable in nature. We have some freedom to manipulate some of these, but really not by very much. Everyone knows, or at least has the information, about the horrors of ignoring health issues and expecting your body to do what you want it to do with the least investment in it. Another “authority” telling you what you should do is not the answer.
Oliver Hart, Firms, Contracts, and Financial Structure|Maybe we’ll evolve to a point where fear as an experience is no longer instinctual, but rather an emotion we use to enrich our understanding of why our human ancestors killed each other when they could have loved each other. One day we’ll be holding hands instead of grudges; we’ll eliminate our territorial circuits and know what love is. One day we’ll be holding hands instead of M-16s.
Carol Kenny|Tethered to the universe by tendrils of history, with threads of continuity descending to God knows where, I see that I'm more than the dust I'll become." This quote is from my novel, "Whispers from St. Mary's Well." Many readers have said that, like the fictional narrator of the story, Carrie Rose Stillwell, they felt a deep connection to the universe through past, present, and future experiences, after reading the story of a child who communicates with future generations.
Chris Hadfield|If we listened to our intellect, we'd never have a love affair. We'd never have a friendship. We'd never go into business, because we'd be cynical. Well, that's nonsense. You've got to jump off cliffs all the time and build your wings on the way down.
Zig Ziglar|To succeed, you need to find something to hold on to, something to motivate you, something to inspire you.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|Whatever others may say, they say it to deceive and comfort themselves, not help you.
Agatha Christie, Sad Cypress|A little difficult to know where you were with Elinor. She didn't reveal much of what she thought and felt about things. He liked that about her. He hated people who reeled off their thoughts and feelings to you, who took it for granted that you wanted to know all their mechanism. Reserve was always more interesting.
Carl R. Trueman|The history of mankind will probably show that no people has ever risen above its religion, and man’s spiritual history will positively demonstrate that no religion has ever been greater than its idea of God.
Sohail Umar|Something that trash for me, might be diamond for you.
Paulo Coelho|Don't you think you're quite young?''I'm twenty-one,' said Brida. 'If I wanted to start learning ballet, I'd be conseidered too old.
Shannon L. Alder|Extraordinary change can happen in your life, but it will take extraordinary people, extraordinary courage and extraordinary faith to believe that this won't be a repeat of your past.
Ed Catmull, Creativity, Inc.: Overcoming the Unseen Forces That Stand in the Way of True Inspiration|It isn't enough to pick a path—you must go down it. By doing so, you see things you couldn't possibly see when you started out; you may not like what you see, some of it may be confusing, but at least you will have, as we like to say, "explored the neighborhood." The key point here is that even if you decide you're in the wrong place, there is still time to head toward the right place.
Parker J. Palmer, Let Your Life Speak: Listening for the Voice of Vocation|If we are unfaithful to true self, we will extract a price from others. We will make promises we cannot keep, build houses from flimsy stuff, conjure dreams that devolve into nightmares, and other people will suffer - if we are unfaithful to true self.
B W Wrighthard|Maryanne Burkhard and I have set up a B W Wrighthard profile on Goodreads. If any of you would like to friend us there, we would really appreciate it. And if you're feeling really generous and would like to review one or both of our books, we would be eternally grateful! We hope to do some fun things on there once we figure it all out. Thanks for your help and support!!!
Jellis Vaes|It’s true that no one ever said life would be easy, but it is also true that no one ever said you had to go through it alone.
Beth Moore Jones, The Cinderella Story: The Power of Shoes|We all want to feel like the most beautiful girl in the room, to be chosen and loved forever. The Cinderella story gives us hope of our impossible dreams becoming true.
Francisco de Goya|Fantasy, abandoned by reason, produces impossible monsters; united with it, she is the mother of the arts and the origin of marvels.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Scorched|Hope that had sparked in my chest now lit a fire, and I fanned it, wanting it to burn hot and bright, because hope… hope was not the enemy. It was a friend, a savior. Hope was more than a new beginning. Hope was tomorrow, and hope was the symbol that I would get better, that I would undo the bad choices that I’d made, and that I would never make them again. Hope was more than a chance of redemption. It was the promise of one day finding absolution, of forgiving my
Lauren DeStefano, Fever|Friendship was another illusion like love, though it did not reach the same mad heights. People pretended that they were friends, when the fact was they were brought together by force of circumstances.
Edith Wharton, The Touchstone|Some men," Flamel irresistibly added, "think of books merely as tools, others as tooling. I'm between the two; there are days when I use them as scenery, other days when I want them as society; so that, as you see, my library represents a makeshift compromise between looks and brains, and the collectors look down on me almost as much as the students.
Gordon B. Hinckley|Though my work may be menial, though my contribution may be small, I can perform it with dignity and offer it with unselfishness. My talents may not be great, but I can use them to bless the lives of others.... The goodness of the world in which we live is the accumulated goodness of many small and seemingly inconsequential acts.
Linda Lael Miller, McKettrick's Pride|Everybody's heart is like a cup. They stumble from place to place and person to person, trying to get them filled. They get cracked, those cups, and even broken. Some people throw them away, thinking that it will stop the pain. Poor fools. Nobody can fill a cup but Almighty God Himself. Nobody.
Shinzo Abe|My inspiration is always love and history, and my passion to a fault is craftsmanship and responsibility. Those are the simplest things. It goes beyond jewelry. It's every part of my life.
Nico J. Genes|If I have more than one life, I would definitelydedicate this one entirely to you." - MAGNETIC REVERIE
Tim Winton, Breath|...dark furrow lines grid the snow, punctuated by orange abacus beads of pumpkins - now the crows own the field...
Huston Smith|Kindness and intelligence don't always deliver us from the pitfalls and traps: there are always failures of love, of will, of imagination. There is no way to take the danger out of human relationships.
Lisa Kleypas, Secrets of a Summer Night|So this was the rest of his life. It felt like a party to which he'd been invited, but at an address he couldn't actually locate. Someone must be having fun at it, this life of his; only, right at the moment, it wasn't him.
Chris Kraus, I Love Dick|It was the kind of story everybody likes, about a tough girl who becomes a truer version of herself by uncovering her vulnerability. It was the kind of story people like because its universe is played out in the story of one person. It was the kind of story (dare I say it?) that women are supposed to write because all its truths are grounded in a single lie: denying chaos.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Love is not the primeval surge of libidinal lust that a person receives when meeting a suitable partner for the first time. Love in the truest sense of the term is born much later in a relationship, when both sides get to the know the truest selves of each other.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|In the world in which we live, we give most attention to satisfying the appetites of the body and practically none to the soul . . . We become fat physically and materially, while spiritually we are lean, weak, and anemic.
G.I. Gurdjieff|Once a man began thinking with his body, intelligent decisions came few and far between.
Pericles|You want to shut up every Negro who has the courage to stand up and fight for the rights of his people, for the rights of workers, and I have been on many a picket line for the steelworkers too.
Michael Morpurgo|All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother.
Dee Dee Artner|He made you you—on purpose. You are the only you—ever. Becoming ourselves means we are actively cooperating with God's intention for our lives, not fighting him or ourselves. He looks at us with pleasure and with mercy, and he wants us to look at ourselves with pleasure and mercy too!
J. Conrad Guest, January's Paradigm|Love is not a forest fire that burns intensely,hotly and out of control for a brief moment until,its expendable fuel spent,it sputters,seeking in vain for something else to consume,to sustain itself before, finally,it dies:cold, black ash the only evidence of its passing.Love is, instead, a campfire:it provides ample heat and comfortto the twosome who sit before it,and although its flames may at times wane,a well-tended campfire’s embers can be nurtured and fanneduntil the flames once again dance brightly and cheerfully,providing comfort to the couple who cherish the gentle warmth it ministers.
Mary Crocker Cook, Codependency & Men|Italian men are beautiful in the same way as French women, which is to say - no detail spared in the quest for perfection.
Magdi Yacoub|If the message of Jesus was love, hope and compassion, and I can bring that to more people by being a more appealing Jesus, I am happy with that.
Sarah Crossan, One|Dancing was like sex, and I knew when she and I were together it would be amazing. Physical desire and lust had nothing to do with it. We just understood when the other person would move before the actually did it.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|Sometimes, some of times in life are Lifetime!
John Milton, Paradise Lost|If Satan showed up in your room, you don’t have to be afraid of him; he’s not a factor. He and his agents of darkness are under your feet; you are superior to them!
Tobin Wilson|The neighbor's flock has taken advantage of the chaos, and I think that's pretty smart.
Dan Bergstein|It's curling ribbon, but you don't have to curl it. You don't have to do everything the ribbon tells you to do. Don't live your life like that.
Epictetus|Know you not that a good man does nothing for appearance sake, but for the sake of having done right?
Nikki Rowe|Fate will catch up to you, souls don't have a physical address.
Debasish Mridha|When you smile, you fill the world with joy.
Mike Carey, Lucifer, Vol. 2: Children and Monsters|Okay, fine. But just so you know, following me into hell means you're all definitely the sidekicks.
Joseph O'Neill, Netherland|What mysteries we are, human, vampire, monster, mortal, that we can love and hate simultaneously, and that emotions of all sorts might not parade for what they are not.
Stanisław Lem, Solaris|We have no need of other worlds. We need mirrors. We don't know what to do with other worlds. A single world, our own, suffices us; but we can't accept it for what it is.
Gordon MacKenzie, Orbiting the Giant Hairball: A Corporate Fool's Guide to Surviving with Grace|Being infinite, the whole of reality is too much for the conscious human mind to grasp. The best any one of us can do is to take the biggest slice of Infinite Reality we can hold - intellectually, spiritually, and emotionally - and make that slice our personal sense of what is real. But no matter how broad it is, any human perception of reality can be no more than a tiny sliver of Infinite Reality.Civilization also has a limited perception of Infinite Reality. And with a haughty self-assurance, it imposes that perception on us until we think it is our own.
Jane Austen, Emma|The most incomprehensible thing in the world to a man, is a woman who rejects his offer of marriage!
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Why had we let it go? Why had we both been condemned...to an exile among dreary strangers who had made us give up all desire for rest, for friendship, for the sound of human voices? Could I now reclaim a single hour spent talking to my brother, Philip, and give it to Ken Daggart? Who made it our duty to accept, as the only reward for our work, the gray torture of pretending love for those who roused nothing but contempt?
Edward Teller|Sometimes, we think faster than what you write.
Katie Reus, Sweetest Surrender|Angel was someone he'd never imagined having in his life, but always hoped for. She was more than worth the wait, and he was never letting her go.
Mallika Tripathi|They were obviously headstones of graves, though the graves themselves no longer existed as either mounds or depressions; the years had leveled all. Scattered here and there, more massive blocks showed where some pompous or ambitious monument had once flung its feeble defiance at oblivion.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|I cannot marry the facts of William Shakespeare to his verse: Other men had led lives in some sort of keeping with their thought, but this man is in wide contrast.
Jen Naumann, What I've Done|As I was escorted outside by the officers, my friends looked back at me with blank expressions. I don’t think they knew what to say to me. I had lied to them about my home life. They had always been there for me and probably would have understood if I had told them the truth from the start, but it was too late. All the lies I had told them about having a perfect family had been shattered by that one incident.
Kishore Bansal|In my experience endings are false positives. Perhaps like a phoenix, out of the ashes of destruction we could be reborn."-Cassandra Rainbow in PHOENIX-
Jim Berg, Changed Into His Image|Wisdom is not having God's perspective of the whole matter before us, but having God's perspective about what next response will honor Him while keeping us still usable to Him.
Deanna Raybourn, A Curious Beginning|He is half of my soul,as the poets say.
Aletheia Luna, Awakened Empath: The Ultimate Guide to Emotional, Psychological and Spiritual Healing|As children, a great number of us were taught by our parents, carers, extended family members, and teachers, that showing any form of emotional vulnerability was “not OK.” We were conditioned to believe that in order to be acceptable as human beings, we had to be like the other children. We were taught to “suck it up,” “stop being cry babies,” “get thicker skin,” “stop being so sensitive” and go participate with the other kids, even if they overwhelmed us with their energy.
Antonia Michaelis, The Storyteller|Just a tiny little pain,Three days of heavy rain,Three days of sunlight,Everything will be alright,Just a tiny little pain.
Alison Espach, The Adults|Having a child who is struggling doesn't make you a bad parent, just as being a child who is struggling doesn't make your child a bad kid.
Melina Marchetta, The Piper's Son|Her anger said, as anger is apt to say, that God was with her— that all heaven, though it were crowded with spirits watching them, must be on her side.
Robin McLeavy|I don't own designer clothes, or a sports car, or a huge house, but I am seeing the world, experiencing amazing things, and I have become an environmental campaigner.
Leonard  D. Orr|The mind and the breath are the king and queen of human consciousness".
Israelmore Ayivor, Michelangelo | Beethoven | Shakespeare: 15 Things Common to Great Achievers|Do not blame anyone if at last you don’t succeed because, your brain is solely responsible for this since this is where every seed of resolution will germinate.
John Connolly, The Reapers|First rule of Angel Club, you do not talk about Angel Club.
Nikki Rowe|Master the chaos within yourself and I promise you, you will gain the strength to withstand any storm.
Kim Dotcom|Don't ever know who you may meet, or just because a person may not be dressed up all fancy, don't mean they're not an important person. You just don't ever know who you're gonna meet in life. So that's why I look at everybody as equal. Can't just judge. I treat everybody with respect. Every man.
Michael Cunningham, A Home at the End of the World|Man," he said, "I'm not afraid of graveyards. The dead are just, you know, people who wanted the same things you and I want.""What do we want?" I asked blurrily."Aw, man, you know," he said. "We just want, well, the same things these people wanted.""What was that?"He shrugged. "To live, I guess," he said.
April Mae Monterrosa|When you stop giving attention to someone that takes you for granted, they will notice...trust!
Kristan Higgins, If You Only Knew|Forgiveness is difficult,” she said, making me feel small-hearted and brittle. “You don’t have to trust Adam again, not right away, but it does mean you have to accept what’s happened and start to take steps away from the infidelity.” So once again, the burden is on me. Planning the wedding, though it was a genuine joy, was on me. Once we figured out why we couldn’t get pregnant, the burden was on me, too, with those horrible shots that made me so hormonal I had to go into the bathroom at work and cry, and everyone knew and was so nice, which made me cry more. All Adam had to do was switch to wearing boxers and have more sex. The pregnancy—me again. I’m the one with a four-inch scar and a pooch of skin. The house decorating, painting, hiring people to overhaul the plumbing and electric… me. His mother’s birthday—also mine to remember. Holidays, vacations, weekend plans, all mine. And while I would never call my girls a burden, the huge responsibility of raising them is 99 percent mine. And now the future of our marriage is on me. I have to forgive him. I have to accept his apology. I have to get past this. That first night, I lay stiffly next to him. He gave me a meaningful basset-hound look and said, “Thank you, Rachel,” and it was all I could do not to flip him off.
Umberto Eco|The dark places will not be instinctively frightening, true, but isn’t it better that children fear boogeymen than pedophiles? Isn’t it better that libraries are filled to the brim with stories and not only words?
George Orwell, 1984|He who is desireless, self-reliant, independent and free of bonds functions like a dead leaf blown about by the wind of causality .
Eleanor Farjeon, The Glass Slipper|I want to be good...I try to be good, I do try, and to like everybody. But there are some people - some people I can't like, however much I try. I hate them - there!
Nelson Mandela|Feelings aroused by the touch of someone's hand, the sound of music, the smell of a flower, a beautiful sunset, a work of art, love, laughter, hope and faith - all work on both the unconscious and the conscious aspects of the self, and they have physiological consequences as well.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|Is there in the whole world a being who would have the right to forgive and could forgive? I don't want harmony. From love for humanity I don't want it. I would rather be left with the unavenged suffering. I would rather remain with my unavenged suffering and unsatisfied indignation, even if I were wrong. Besides, too high a price is asked for harmony; it's beyond our means to pay so much to enter on it. And so I hasten to give back my entrance ticket, and if I am an honest man I am bound to give it back as soon as possible. And that I am doing. It's not God that I don't accept . . . only I most respectfully return him the ticket.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|He looks at Mr. Vacanti and the man looks back at him with somehow gentle eyes. It surprises David to see the man has gentle eyes. It surprises him, even at thirty-seven, to discover that monsters can have gentle eyes. Something is terribly wrong with a world where monsters are allowed to have gentle eyes.
Thomm Quackenbush, Danse Macabre (Night's Dream, #2)|As a man, I was a failure. A pathetic teacher lusting after Catholic school girls in short skirts. As a monster, I'm superb. It's comforting to know my place in the world.
Michelle Franklin, The Ship's Crew: A Marridon Novella|He’s going to kill me,” Peppone murmured, his jaw drooping, “or at least send out the order to have someone take care of me. Well,” with a sigh, “might as well get rid of this body before the others wake up.” He canted his head and mused to himself. “Maybe I should carve it up first.”	“At long last,” Bartleby cried, raising his eyes and wringing his hands, “somebody who has no regard for collective conscience and general morality. Oh, happy, happy morning!”	“Take care, Peppone,” Danaco laughed, “if you have so little regard for life and the creatural condition, Bartleby will attach himself to you and never leave you for a moment.
Tanya Masse|I smiled and looked at her- there she was with such a genuine grin and twinkle in her eyes. I kissed my mother on her forehead and took a long look in to her hazel eyes. I wondered when I would have the next chance to see her as I whispered, 'I love you." Mother didn't respond. She didn't look well- she had a tint of green and yellow to her skin and her thinning hair was a dull salt and pepper color, cut extra short and clinging to her scalp. She had no makeup on, which told me she just had no more energy. I began to walk out of her room and turned to look at her. I wanted to run up to her, shake her, and beg her to tell me she loved me and was proud of me. But when I looked at her, she was already sleeping.
Sarah Elizabeth, Delinquents|My Universe, crashing into yours, was the most beautiful accident this creation had ever witnessed.
Laura Greenwald, Eye of the Beholder: True Stories of People with Facial Differences|When I think of how Jesus loved people, the word “cherish” comes to mind. When we cherish someone, we combine looking and compassion—we notice and care for that person. We don’t shut him or her out.
Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You|Things will change: you won't feel this way forever. And anyway, sometimes the hardest lessons to learn are the ones your soul needs most.
Kate Bolick|...but now, driving past the billboard I realized that losing everything is death. A death that I crave and I don't want anyone to save me
Amy Matayo, The Whys Have It|You can ask why all day long if you want to. You can ask God why and your friends why and yourself why until you're buried in nothing but that single question, but you'll never get an answer. This side of heaven, time is the only thing that helps a little bit. So don't give in. Don't let the whys have it. Don't let them take advantage of you. They'll crush your heart and steal your peace and mess with your mind and wrap around you so tight you won't be able to breathe. Don't let the whys ruin your life, child. Every time they try to sneak up, push them aside and move forward. Trust me, it's the only way you can get on with living."I turn toward the window and think about her words. "What if I can't? Let it go, I mean?"I don't see her smile, but I can hear it. "You can. I know you can. Because no matter how hard life gets, there's always goodness right around the corner. All you have to do is look for it.
Jennifer Echols, Endless Summer|If I say I will protect you, I will."~Alexi de Warenne to Elysse O'Neill
J.R. Ward|Listen to me ... and I want you to remember this. Your legs are part of you, but not all of you or what you are. So wherever we go after tonight, I need you to know that you are no less for the injury. Even if you are in a chair, you still stand as tall as you ever did. Height is just a vertical number - it doesn't mean shit when it comes to your character or the kind of life you live.
Leigh Bardugo, Siege and Storm|Mal snickered. "What's so funny?""I just pictured the Darkling being cornered by a sweaty duchess trying to have her way with him.
Alexander Zalan, Petals of Decades|Being unique - be yourself, only so you'll distinguish yourself out of the ''grey'' and motionless reality. Train positive perception of the surrounding things.
David Millar, Racing Through the Dark|The past is as important as the future, but we only live in the here and now.
Jean Genet, The Thief's Journal|...if pride, that plague of human nature, that source of so much misery, did not hinder it; for this vice does not measure happiness so much by its own conveniences, as by the misery of others; and would not be satisfied with being thought a goddess, if none were left that were miserable, over whom she might insult. Pride thinks its own happiness shines the brighter, by comparing it with the misfortunes of other persons; that by displaying its own wealth they may feel their poverty the more sensibly.
Emmanuel Ayensu|His hands go to my waist—my waist! And they feel so right. I like this closeness. Maybe I like it too much. A guy has never been this close to me. Never. And I can’t believe it’s happening, even if it is to keep from being arrested.My heart beats frantically. Isaiah is hot and scary and hot. Why on earth would a guy like him want to be anywhere near a girl like me?It’s the adrenaline rush. That’s what it is. I like how he feels because I’m still experiencing the adrenaline rush from Isaiah’s NASCAR driving skills. His arm shifts, and I love how that movement causes his muscles to flex.Stop it, Rachel. It’s not real. Focus.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, pray, love: one woman's search for everything|The difference between my darkness and your darkness is that I can look at my own badness in the face and accept its existence while you are busy covering your mirror with a white linen sheet. The difference between my sins and your sins is that when I sin I know I'm sinning while you have actually fallen prey to your own fabricated illusions. I am a siren, a mermaid; I know that I am beautiful while basking on the ocean's waves and I know that I can eat flesh and bones at the bottom of the sea. You are a white witch, a wizard; your spells are manipulations and your cauldron from hell yet you wrap yourself in white and wear a silver wig.
David Anthony Durham, Acacia: The War with the Mein|She was a nightmare of beauty and menace living right there above them, a being part raptor, part human, part divine. She knew without question that she could sweep down on them and inflict upon all of them a terrible vengeance if she wished. She had the capacity for violence within her, residing beside her heart.
Immanuel Kant|Freedom is alone the unoriginated birthright of man, and belongs to him by force of his humanity; and is independent of the will and co-action of every other…
Bruce Lee|Benedict’s hand clenched by his side, still tingling where it had touched her. He wished she’d let him do more. It was so romantic out here in the darkness; the cool breeze rustling through the trees and the moonlight showing faintly through cloud. They were completely alone and it felt like the sort of night where anything could happen. It was a pity that Tamsin didn’t seem to feel the same way.
Rainer Maria Rilke|You who never arrived in my arms, Beloved, who were lost from the start, I don't even know what songs would please you. I have given up trying to recognize you in the surging wave of the next moment. All the immense images in me -- the far-off, deeply-felt landscape, cities, towers, and bridges, and un-suspected turns in the path, and those powerful lands that were once pulsing with the life of the gods-- all rise within me to mean you, who forever elude me. You, Beloved, who are all the gardens I have ever gazed at, longing. An open window in a country house-- , and you almost stepped out, pensive, to meet me. Streets that I chanced  upon,-- you had just walked down them and vanished. And sometimes, in a shop, the mirrors were still dizzy with your presence and, startled, gave back my too-sudden image. Who knows? Perhaps the same bird echoed through both of us yesterday, separate, in the evening... 
Taylor Schilling|Since I am a Japanese man who's been building through the experience of Japanese architecture, my actual designs come from Japanese architectural concepts, although they're based on Western methods and materials.
Brian K. Vaughan, Saga, Vol. 4|I was pretty good at picking up new languages when I was little, but it's not like I had superpowers or anything.Kids just have an easier time with words.
Marty Rubin|Words can't save you, but they can give you courage.
Amy A. Bartol, Under Different Stars|You cannot thrive under the wrong stars, Kricket… the stars here are in opposition to you… can’t you feel it?… Let us take you home.
Lara Biyuts, The Sunless Parlour|…but he realized he would never reconcile himself to life as something other than a prelude. What’s life’s meaning then? What is it? What does make the world go round, not letting hope die? What do people dream about, watching the endless flow of years? They dream. A dream, that’s it. We live for our only dream, which can lead us, hand in hand, through our life; for the dream we reconcile ourselves to any frustrations and we shall struggle for releasing its silky wings from the net of reality. (The right to a mistake.)
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.|I'm a scientist, not a theologian. I don't know if there is a God or not. Religion requires certainty. Revere and respect Gaia. Have trust in Gaia. But not faith.
Tommy Lee|I accrued anger from people's low opinion of me and my work, and for the work I might be capable of.
Fakeer Ishavardas|So many of us hide from ourselves and we don't even know who we are and why were we here? All peoples will prove they are better and put fake masks on their own faces. Every people pretend herself what they actually not from inside. Afraid to show the reality and hide their best quality. You just have to learn to be yourself and what really makes you happy, or other things that are not important and what others think of you is not important at all.
Stephen Richards|Dyslexia, for me, is rather like being a six-fingered typist on LSD!
Os Guinness, God in the Dark|Interestingly, God's remedy for Elijah's depression was not a refresher course in theology but food and sleep... Before God spoke to him at all, Elijah was fed twice and given a good chance to sleep. Only then, and very gently, did God confront him with his error. This is always God's way. Having made us as human beings, He respects our humanness and treats us with integrity. That is, He treats us true to the truth of who we are. It is human beings and not God who have made spirituality impractical.
Tony Dovale|IF your mindset does not include a personal life plan, your Life Success Project can NEVER have any chance of real success.
Vironika Tugaleva|There is no way to genuinely, powerfully, truly love yourself while crafting a mask of perfection. I know, you know, we all know—it's hard to let your pimples and your flaws be seen. It's hard to stumble and bumble. It's hard to not know the right things to do or say. It's hard to not look like TV.Sometimes, it's really hard for me to be the awkward mess that I am when I'm authentic, instead of having runway authenticity—all natural, but flawless. But every time I allow that to be okay, not just around myself but around others—I affirm something to myself. I affirm, to myself more than anyone else, that I am lovable and acceptable unconditionally. I affirm that it's okay to take on and take in all the flavours and hues of human experience, and not just the ones that are acceptable in this culture, in this time, in this place.And that kind of acceptance, that kind of love—that's the kind of love that creates miracles. That's the kind of love I really need. That's the kind of love that makes approval taste like cardboard.
Deyth Banger|Make your decision, one moment you need to follow somebody for awesome stuff. But other you just add him to your favourites authors and you check out everyday his progress, awesome.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When I have a problem of deciding right from wrong, I always give it three tests.First, I give it the common-sense test, and ask if it is reasonable. Then, I give it the prayer test. I ask God if it is good and edifying. Then, I give it the Scripture test. I see if the Bible has anything to say for or against it.
Alaric Hutchinson|Bravery is the choice to show up and listen to another person, be it a loved one or perceived foe, even when it is uncomfortable, painful, or the last thing you want to do.
Jack Barakat|Do what feel is right, and back yourself up. Live the life you want to live,
Julie Otsuka, When the Emperor Was Divine|‎"Tell me, sir, what is a butterfly?""It's what you are meant to become. It flies with beautiful wings and joins the earth to heaven. It drinks only nectar from the flowers and carries the seeds of love from one flower to another. Without butterflies, the world would soon have few flowers.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|They say that the personal transformation that gives rise to self-realization – the transcendent function that leads to the highest echelon of human attainment – takes place on the border between consciousness and unconsciousness, and that when we dream we dissolve the boundary between consciousness and unconsciousness. In other words, we dream a world into being, and we are the collective product of our lifetime of immanent dreams. If the oracles are correct, I dreamed you into being, and you represent the real point of intersection between dream and reality.
Acharya Mahapragya|It is very difficult to understand man. It is also very difficult to understand what a man does. If he is able to give an explanation, it may be easier. Even then everything can not be understood. Words have their limitation and comprehension, its limits. So if we are able to understand 25% of what is being said, even that should be deemed, as good communication skills are very good. Beyond this one should not even aspire for.
Jaroslav Pelikan, Jesus Through the Centuries: His Place in the History of Culture|nothing, on the other hand, can be more impenetrable to the uninitiated than a legislation founded upon precedents.
Kiran Manral, All Aboard!|It was a good thing that when it came to married men, she was a girl with a firm moral compass, or else she would have been tempted to make him break his marital promises.
Sidney Hook|I am a teacher. It's how I define myself. A good teacher isn't someone who gives the answers out to their kids but is understanding of needs and challenges and gives tools to help other people succeed. That's the way I see myself, so whatever it is that I will do eventually after politics, it'll have to do a lot with teaching.
Harold Wilson|I don't know why I get away with some things. But I'm not a misogynistic, racist person. Yet I do find those jokes funny, so I say them. And I try to say everything kind of in a good spirit.
Stephen Sprouse|Architecture is undistinguished, sometimes derelict, but occasionally, as in 'Post and Beam,' there is something arresting in a setting... the building behind the Cathedral.
Khaled Hosseini|A man's plumbing is like his mind: simple, very few surprises. You ladies, on the other hand...well, God put a lot of thought in making you.
Andy Andrews, The Heart Mender: A Story of Second Chances|It's not our talents that make us safe or dangerous, it's our choices.
Robin Caldwell|Fear and shame are the backbone of my self-control. They are the source of inspiration, my insurance against becoming entirely unacceptable. They help me do the right thing. And I am terrified of what I would be without them. Because I suspect that, left to my own devices, I would completely lose control of my life.
Mattie Stepanek|It's not nice to say it - I know female musicians, but not so many rappers. I can't think of one I idolize, which is sad, but I'm hoping that will change.
Malebo Sephodi|O masses, o masses! When will you assume the image and likeness of your avant-garde?
Jamie Holoran, Rounder's People|Ah bet she’s a dirty wee minx in the scratcher. Y’see that "butter wouldnae melt" expression she’s goat goin on? That’s jist a smokescreen – ah guarantee she goes like a train.’ Jimmy belched, considerately turning his head away to exhale.
Billy Marshall Stoneking|The space between the private and the public is the nexus of the personal and the social, if not political. It’s where we meet the strong or subtle cultural censors who attempt to define what community, race, class, or gender can or cannot speak, to tell us which stories are told and valued and which are not. In short, it’s where we’re reminded of the power of personal stories and the power of the storyteller.
Neil Gaiman|You have a very open relationship with your fans.""Yes. We have an open relationship. Obviously they can see other authors if they want, and I can see other readers.
David Halberstam, The Powers That Be|My mind was not that of a conqueror, but that of a cow that spends its life chewing contentedly in the meadow of invoices, waiting for the train of eternal grace to pass by. How good it felt to exist without pride of ambition. To live in hibernation.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|If I love you, what business is it of yours?
Henry David Thoreau|It's important to appreciate the impact ofknowledge in our lives, and that of our parentsin getting us educated. However in today'sworld, if someone have not been to school, thatmeans he must have been educated.
Susan Wiggs, At the King's Command|She knew the soothing power of a human touch on aching flesh. Knew the strange bond that formed when two creatures united in mutual need, one hurting, the other healing.
Victoria Vane|A hint of fire in his eyes, he glanced up at her. "If that displeases you, lass, I can leave you here for the next savior who comes along.
Dana Gore|My ego is my employee – and I, the witness, am its employer.
Bradley B. Dalina|If you can't be as best as you dreamed of,Least be a good man in reality.
Margaret Fuller|Today a reader, tomorrow a leader.
Connor Franta, A Work in Progress|If we could change just one thing in time, what would we change?WARS, so that we could learn by our mistakes?FAMINE, so that we could feed the world's populace?DISEASE, so that we would never have any sick?POLLUTION, so that we would live in a pristine environment?GREED, so that we all learn that life isn't all about money?OLD AGE, so that we could all live forever?LOVE, so that we could all live in peace and harmony?BEING ALONE, so that we would never-ever be alone throughout life?MAN'S APATHY, so that he would truly understand what it's all about?The choice is hard, because no matter where we start, we will always leave out someone and something.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry|Only the unknown frightens men. But once a man has faced the unknown, that terror becomes the known.
William F. Buckley Jr.|It's a good thing most people bleed on the inside or this would be a gory, blood-smeared earth.
Laurence Sterne, The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman|There is a circularity here I do not doubt. I am defending the Bible by the Bible. Circularity of a kind is unavoidable when one seeks to defend an ultimate standard of truth, for one's defense must itself be accountable to that standard.
Simon LeVay, Gay, Straight, and the Reason Why: The Science of Sexual Orientation|When these flies were put together in all-male groups they formed long, moving chains resembling conga lines, with each male attempting (unsuccessfully) to mate with the male in front of it.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Off the Santorini cliff on a dark, starless night, I tossed a message in a bottle and love found me washed up on the black lava sand of the Aegean shore. As with my previous loves, volcanic in nature. Almost destructive before it started.
Ron Finley|I don't confuse my digestive system, I just season simple food with hunger
Maurice Saatchi|On one side, citizens have great respect for the United States; they have a great feeling of friendship. That is solid. But in the opposition and in the political arena I often find criticism of the closeness of relations with the United States. That is a reality.
Og Mandino, The Greatest Salesman in the World, Part II: The End of the Story|They are the living dead and we have many of those among us, spending their days whining and complaining and never making any attempt to change their lives for the better.
Susan Ee, Angelfall|In the long second before everyone absorbs what just happened, I see the angel rolling his eyes heavenward, like a teenager in the presence of overwhelming lameness. Some people just have no sense of gratitude.
Kaui Hart Hemmings, The Descendants|To become reconciled to a friend with whom you have broken, is a form of weakness; and you pay the penalty of it when he takes the first opportunity of doing precisely the very thing which brought about the breach.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Although time seems to fly, it never travels faster than one day at a time. Each day is a new opportunity to live your life to the fullest. In each waking day, you will find scores of blessings and opportunities for positive change. Do not let your TODAY be stolen by the unchangeable past or the indefinite future! Today is a new day!
Wes Adamson|There is a very, narrow, thinness of line between the living and the dead; actually, it's just a lack of a heartbeat away.
Mark Twain, The Mysterious Stranger|That America is an exceptional nation is unclear only to one who has not been taught its true history. It ceases to be exceptional only when its representative leaders cease to be exceptional. America, it has been said, is a nation of laws, not of men. The more it becomes a nation of men, the less it remains America.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|If you can, help others; if you cannot do that, at least do not harm them.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|It's great to be self confident, but some people are very egotistical. Once you realize the world doesn't revolve around you and change your attitude, you'll truly walk in your purpose.
Duane G. Carey|As someone who flew two space capsules and twice landed in the ocean, I can attest from personal experience how much logistics work is needed to get you home.
Judith McNaught, A Kingdom of Dreams|Besides, if you are who you claim to be, that makes you my true queen. Therefore, you have my loyalty.
Connie Kerbs|If I could give you just one thing, I’d want it to be a simple truth that took me many years to learn. If you learn it now, it may enrich your life in hundreds of ways. And it may prevent you from facing many problems that have hurt people who have never learned it.The truth is simply this:No one owes you anything.
Anne Michaels, The Adventures of Miss Petitfour|food has played a central role not only in my professional but also in my emotional life, in all of my dealings with loved ones and most of all in my relationship to myself and my body. I am what feeds me. And how I feed myself at any given moment says a lot about what I’m going through or what I need. I don’t believe I am alone. Yes, we eat for our stomachs, but we hunger with our hearts. Like most people and many women, I think about what to eat all the time. I am constantly plotting my next meal, planning how and what I will shop for, and ever hatching new plans to avoid the foods I know will undermine my well-being. Foods are like men: some are good, some are bad, and some are okay only in small doses. But most should be tried at least once.
Christian D. Larson|When you see evil do not form ideas that are in the likeness of that evil; do not think of the evil as bad, but try to understand the forces that are back of that evil—forces that are good in themselves, though misdirected in their present state. By trying to understand the nature of the power that is back of evil or adversity, you will not form bad ideas, and therefore will feel no bad effects from experiences that may seem undesirable. At the same time, you will think your own thought about the experiences, thereby developing the power of the master mind.
مُضر آل أحميّد, Dismantling ISIS|The Islamic State or The State of Islam are the titles under which ISIS and the like are committing their evil deeds and legalizing their crimes. Oddly, there are no such titles through the history of political Islam; we have heard of an Omayyad Empire, an Abbasside Empire, an Ottoman Empire, the Ayyubid State, and other states which made use of religion to expand their territories and control peoples’ minds and lives. These states held the names of the ruling dynasties but never Islam.
Tim Winton, Cloudstreet|The pig winks and rolls in the bog. He kicks his legs up and his trotters clack together. The sun is low over the neighbourhood. There is the smell of oncoming night, of pollen settling, the sounds of kids fighting bath time. Lester comes down, waving his hands.Don't drown the pig, Fish. We're saving him for Christmas! We're gonna eat him.No!I'll drink to that, says the pig.Lester stands there. He looks at Fish. He looks at the porker. He peeps over the fence. The pig. The flamin' pig. The pig has just spoken. It's no language that he can understand, but there's no doubt. He feels a little crook, like maybe he should go over to that tree and puke. I like him, Lestah.He talks?Yep.Oh, my gawd.Lester looks at his retarded son again and once more at the pig.The pig talks.I likes him.Yeah, I bet.The pig snuffles, lets off a few syllables: aka sembon itwa. It's tongues, that's what it is. A blasted Pentecostal pig.And you understand him?Yep. I likes him.Always the miracles you don't need. It's not a simple world, Fish. It's not.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you want little, give little; if you want much, give much; if you want all, give all.
Anthony Doerr, Memory Wall|I wish i were a little girl again, because skinned knees are easier to fix than broken heart.
Hannah Harrington, Saving June|I'm not saying he was, like, crying tears of man pain over the phone, but he sounded upset.
John Emerich Edward Dalberg|Power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely
Rollo May, The Courage to Create|The concept of encounter also enables us to make clearer the important distinction between talent and creativity. Talent may well have its neurological correlates and can be studied as “given” to a person. A man or woman may have talent whether he or she uses it or not; talent can probably be measured in the person as such. But creativity can be seen only in the act. If we were purists, we would not speak of a “creative person,” but only of a creative act.
Steven Chuks Nwaokeke|If your altar is not active, your voice will not be strong
John Flanagan, Erak's Ransom|You must be willing to change. You must be willing to break the deal you made with the devils within. You must be willing to leave the past and not be tempted to rebound when times are tough. You must be willing to let go of everything and anyone that takes you back to your sins.You must be willing to have hope. You must be willing to have hope that you can change and that you will and that you will be better.You must believe you are worthy of change and you are worthy of improvement and you are worthy of being the best.You must be willing to set aside your negative notions about life, about hardships, about people, about things, about yourself. You must be willing to stop feeling sorry for yourself while looking at the world move around you. Get up and make something of yourself.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|We do not have control over what happens to us in life, but we do have control over how we chose to respond.
Juan Diego Florez|Romantic fiction, in the broader sense, can be any novel that has a love story somewhere in it. It can be a mystery or a historical novel, as long as it has this very strong romantic thread running through it.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|The feeling I have reminds me of New Year’s Eve, when the countdown is coming and I’m not quite sure whether to grab my camera or just live in the moment. Usually I grab the camera and later regret it when the picture doesn’t turn out. Then I feel enormously let down and think to myself that the night would have been more fun if it didn’t mean quite so much, if I weren’t forced to analyze where I’ve been and where I’m going.
Claudia Gray, Stargazer|You’re going to tell me that last night shouldn’t have happened.”No. I’m glad it happened. For too long, I’ve been telling myself that I could spend all this time with yo and flirt with you and not have it mean anything. It does mean something. You mean something to me. But I’m not in love with you.
Michael Ben Zehabe, Song of Songs The Book for Daughters|Intense feelings of any kind keep people with you. Some you may want, others you won't. To forget people, and you never really forget, feel indifference.
Nicole|If there were only some way of contriving that a state or an army should be made up of lovers and their loves, they would be the very best governors of their own city, abstaining from all dishonour, and emulating one another in honour; and when fighting at each other's side, although a mere handful, they would overcome the world. For what lover would not choose rather to be seen by all mankind than by his beloved, either when abandoning his post or throwing away his arms? He would be ready to die a thousand deaths rather than endure this. Or who would desert his beloved or fail him in the hour of danger? The veriest coward would become an inspired hero, equal to the bravest, at such a time; Love would inspire him.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|We can fill our lives with ‘stuff,’ but as we do we’re concurrently filling our lives with the obligation to maintain that ‘stuff.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|...it struck her, this was tragedy-- not palls, dust, and the shroud; but children coerced, their spirits subdued.
Laura Smith|You are now 18standing on the precipice,trembling before your own greatness.This is your call to leap.There will always being those who say you are too young and delicate to make anything happen for yourself. They don’t see the part of you that smolders.Don’t let their doubting drown out the sound of your own heartbeat.You are the first drop of a hurricane.Your bravery builds beyond youYou are needed by all the little girls still living in secret, writing oceans made of monsters andthrowing like lightening.You don’t need to grow up to find greatness.You are stronger than the world has ever believed you to be.The world is waiting for you to set it on fireTrust in yourselfand burn.
James Wallace, Hard Drive: Bill Gates and the Making of the Microsoft Empire|When you are always present in the now, you will never be shocked or surprised by anything: because you will see or sense the signs of the change or changes in something or someone as it/they happen right in-front of your very eyes.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|The good life is a process, not a state of being; the great life a penance.
Ray Bradbury, The October Country|The sinister, the terrible never deceive: the state in which they leave us is always one of enlightenment. And only this condition of vicious insight allows us a full grasp of the world, all things considered, just as a frigid melancholy grants us full possession of ourselves. We may hide from horror only in the heart of horror. (“The Medusa”)
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|As the story grew, it put down roots into the past and threw out unexpected branches .
Shel Silverstein, Every Thing on It|She had blue skin,And so did he.He kept it hidAnd so did she.They searched for blueTheir whole life through,Then passed right by-And never knew.
Terry Eagleton, Literary Theory: An Introduction|Language, the unconscious, the parents, the symbolic order: these terms in Lacan are not exactly synonymous, but they are intimately allied. They are sometimes spoken of by him as the ‘Other’ — as that which like language is always anterior to us and will always escape us, that which brought us into being as subjects in the first place but which always outruns our grasp. We have seen that for Lacan our unconscious desire is directed towards this Other, in the shape of some ultimately gratifying reality which we can never have; but it is also true for Lacan that our desire is in some way always received from the Other too. We desire what others — our parents, for instance — unconsciously desire for us; and desire can only happen because we are caught up in linguistic, sexual and social relations — the whole field of the ‘Other’ — which generate it.
Marianne Williamson, Enchanted Love: The Mystical Power Of Intimate Relationships|When we were in bed, the only part of me she touched was my penis, because it was the most detached.
Mahalia Jackson|There is greatness in the fear of God, contentment in faith of God, and honour in humility.
Jerome Bixby, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from the 1940's Until Now|Alex Rodriguez seemed not to fit in with the rest of his Yankee teammates. For instance, he wanted a clubhouse attendant personally assigned to him, when there were four or five for the whole team. Seeing the rift between him and the rest of the team and how Rodriguez's major focus on how HE was perceived, Joe Torre suggested in the individual meeting that Rodriguez at least get his own coffee rather than send someone to get it for him. Later that day, Alex Rodriguez made a point of telling the manager that he got his own coffee – drawing attention to himself, even in what was meant to be just an example of how he could fit in with normal behavior.
Kimberly Morgan, On Angels and Rabbit Holes|My only stake was the hook I shot in the moon, trying to capture stardom on my way to heaven. Without bravado. Just footsteps plodding me along till my big show. My showstopper. The one where I landed in a place without gravity.
Raheel Farooq|I don't ask for your pity, but just for your understanding – not even that – no. Just for some recognition of me in you, and the enemy, time, in us all.
Jonas Mekas|Poetry lifts the veil from the hidden beauty of the world, and makes familiar objects be as if they were not familiar.
Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All: Living a Life of Success at the Edge of Your Ability|Success comes from the inside out. In order to change what is on the outside, you must first change what is on the inside.
Kaylie Newell, Hunter of Her Heart|At least that left hope for him. Except "Beauty and the Geek" wasn’t exactly the proper translation of the popular fairy tale.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, Freedom from the Known|It is only the innocent mind which knows what love is, and the innocent mind can live in the world which is not innocent.
Don Shula|I worked with Dionne Warwick, did shows with Bette Midler, and then I did the 25th anniversary of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame with Springsteen at the Garden. It was all important stuff because you want people to know you can work, you can sing, and you can still look good!
Robert Jordan|And yet many of us do it without families," Nynaeve said. "Without love, without passion beyond our own particular interests. So even while we try to guide the world, we separate ourselves from it.We risk arrogance, Egwene. We always assume we know best, but risk making ourselves unable to fathom the people we claim to serve.
Anthony T. Hincks|We don't live as God intended us to, but we live as the Devil wants us to.
Alice Waters|Trinidad may seem complex, but to anyone who knows it, it is a simple, colonial, philistine society.
Cassandra Clare, Lady Midnight|What I most hate is the books and films and all other stuff which all the time end in happy end, do you hate it...It's better to be in happy and... - After all I wanted to show the taste of the real world, a injury in father's childhood, then injury when his wife dies...
Paulo Coelho, The Winner Stands Alone|If you hate me, you only harm yourself. You better love me.
Warren Buffett|Am I glowing?""Like a Christmas tree.""Not just the star?"The bed moved a little, and I felt his hand brush my arm. "No. You're super bright. It's kind of like looking at the sun.
Jerome Groopman, The Anatomy of Hope: How People Prevail in the Face of Illness|Hope is one of our central emotions, but we are often at a loss when asked to define it. Many of us confuse hope with optimism, a prevailing attitude that "things turn out for the best." But hope differs from optimism. Hope does not arise from being told to "Think Positively," or from hearing an overly rosy forecast. Hope, unlike optimism, is rooted in unalloyed reality. Although there is no uniform definition of hope, I found on that seemed to capture what my patients had taught me. Hope is the elevating feeling we experience when we see - in the mind's eye- a path to a better future. Hope acknowledges the significant obstacles and deep pitfalls along that path. True hope has no room for delusion.
Jan Karon|Giving feels fantastic and for there to be a Giver, there must be a Receiver, so allowing yourself to receive is an act of love.
D.H. Lawrence, Look! We Have Come Through!|You are the call and I am the answer,You are the wish, and I the fulfilment,You are the night, and I the day. What else? It is perfect enough. It is perfectly complete. You and I, What more—? Strange, how we suffer in spite of this!
Lisi Harrison, Alphas|I'd rather have fun, being young and being dumb, than be saved a spot in heaven
Ta-Nehisi Coates|My coming to faith did not start with a leap but rather a series of staggers from what seemed like one safe place to another. Like lily pads, round and green, these places summoned and then held me up while I grew. Each prepared me for the next leaf on which I would land, and in this way I moved across the swamp of doubt and fear.
Khuliso Mamathoni, The Greatest Proposal|Love and pride will never dwell together, never ! Do not fool yourself, God and the devil will never share the same space. Therefore, drop your pride and experience love.
Jason Mandryk, Operation World: When We Pray God Works: 21st Century Edition|Each and every prayer is a tiny piece of a great cosmic puzzle, which when fitted together will allow for the completion of the grand picture of the Almighty Lord's plan for humanity and the universe.
Jack Kerouac, On the Road|...but I preferred reading the American landscape as we went along. Every bump, rise, and stretch in it mystified my longing.
James S.A. Corey, The Butcher of Anderson Station|Despite his best efforts, maintaining dignity in a head attached to an unclean body wrapped in unclean garments was a battle that encouraged surrender.
Katie Alender, Bad Girls Don't Die|These humans—they are cruel monsters. Liars. Deceitful. For the first time, I want to hurt them the way they hurt me. This is so unfair. My body feels numb, my energy spent, my mind deceived and angry.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|A craven can be as brave as any man, when there is nothing to fear. And we all do our duty, when there is no cost to it. How easy it seems then, to walk the path of honor. Yet soon or late in every man's life comes a day when it is not easy, a day when he must choose. (Maester Aemon)
-Garcia Stohl|Jenna is the kind of beautiful that I can get lost in. Lost from all the fucked-up-ness in my head. She’s the kind of beautiful that laughs at all my non funny jokes because she gets me. She’s the kind of beautiful that’ll put me in my place without batting an eye. Jenna is the kind of beautiful that can transform a non believing man like me into a man who wants more. A man who can fall hard, stumbling over his own two feet because he’s so tangled up in her.
Gayle Forman, Where She Went|Don't get too deep, it leads to over thinking, and over thinking leads to problems that doesn't even exist in the first place.
Richard Powers, Orfeo|Music forecasts the past, recalls the future. Now and then the difference falls away, and in one simple gift of circling sound, the ear solves the scrambled cryptogram. One abiding rhythm, present and always, and you’re free.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|The gangs of arrogant thieves that can rob you of your success are your own doubts, fears and low self-image. Get them arrested and kept distances apart and you and your accomplishments are secured.
Tad Williams, Otherland 1 - 4 Boxed Set|Sometimes people need reasons for things, even when there are no reasons. That's what makes people believe in conspiracies or religions - if there is any difference. The world is just too complicated, so they need simple explanations.
Howie Mandel|I went to my dad when I was 17 and said, 'I want to be a country music star.' Which every dad loves to hear. And he said, 'I want you to go to college.' So we had a discussion. And I'm pretty stubborn. I'm a lot like him. And he said, 'If you go to college and graduate, I'll pay your first six months of rent in Nashville.' So he bribed me.
Mary Karr, The Liars' Club|Charlie tried to focus on what she was saying, but his head felt packed with gauze. Like no one could reach him in here, where it hurt.
Leonard Nimoy, Shekhina|I have found my way, step by step, proceeding from touch points that have emerged, some through conscious choice and some through dream state discovery.
Judy Blundell, What I Saw and How I Lied|When a day passes, it is no longer there. What remains of it? Nothing more than a story. If stories weren't told or books weren't written, man would live like the beasts, only for the day. The whole world, all human life, is one long story.
Shannon McKenna, Edge of Midnight|You're alright, I guess; for, you're just being you, like any other cuckoo.
Joel Salatin|Frankly, any city person who doesn't think I deserve a white-collar salary as a farmer doesn't deserve my special food.
Debasish Mridha|Peace is not only the goal, it is the game itself.
Milan Kundera, Ignorance|As early as 1930 Schoenberg wrote: "Radio is an enemy, a ruthless enemy marching irresistibly forward, and any resistance is hopeless"; it "force-feeds us music . . . regardless of whether we want to hear it, or whether we can grasp it," with the result that music becomes just noise, a noise among other noises. Radio was the tiny stream it all began with. Then came other technical means for reproducing, proliferating, amplifying sound, and the stream became an enormous river. If in the past people would listen to music out of love for music, nowadays it roars everywhere and all the time, "regardless whether we want to hear it," it roars from loudspeakers, in cars, in restaurants, in elevators, in the streets, in waiting rooms, in gyms, in the earpieces of Walkmans, music rewritten, reorchestrated, abridged, and stretched out, fragments of rock, of jazz, of opera, a flood of everything jumbled together so that we don't know who composed it (music become noise is anonymous), so that we can't tell beginning from end (music become noise has no form): sewage-water music in which music is dying.
Larry Watson, Let Him Go|O how gently and how lovingly dost thou lie awake in the depth and centre of my soul, where thou in secret and in silence alone, as its sole Lord, abidest, not only as in Thine own house or in Thine own chamber, but also as within my own bosom, in close and intimate union.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If there is any society where the leaders lack the knowledge and the importance of justice, then oppression will be a common neighbor of the citizens.
Katherine Dunn, Geek Love|I think I’m getting a notion of how to do this. O.K., a carnival works because people pay to feel amazed and scared. They can nibble around a midway getting amazed here and scared there, or both. And do you know what else? Hope. Hope they’ll win a prize, break the jackpot, meet a girl, hit a bull’s-eye in front of their buddies. In a carnival you call it luck or chance, but it’s the same as hope. Now hope is a good feeling that needs risk to work. How good it is depends on how big the risk is if what you hope doesn’t happen. You hope your old auntie croaks and leaves you a carload of shekels, but she might leave them to her cat. You might not hit the target or win the stuffed dog, you might lose your money and look like a fool. You don’t get the surge without the risk. Well. Religion works the same way. The only difference is that it’s more amazing than even Chick or the twins. And it’s a whole lot scarier than the Roll-a-plane or the Screamer, or any simp twister. This scare stuff laps over into the hope department too. The hope you get from religion is a three-ring, all-star hope because the risk is outrageous. Bad! Well, I’m working on it. I’ve got the amazing part down. And the scary bits are a snap. But I’ve got to come up with a hope.
François de La Rochefoucauld|In all aspects of life, we take on a part and an appearance to seem to be what we wish to be--and thus the world is merely composed of actors.
Steve Erickson, Rubicon Beach|I began composing the next poem, the one that was to be written next. Not the last poem of those I had read, but the poem written in the head of someone who may never have existed but who had certainly written another poem nonetheless, and just never had the chance to commit it to ink and the page.
Alex Ebert|I never studied sculpture, engineering or architecture. In fact, after college I applied to seven art schools and was rejected by all seven.
Joel Salatin, Folks, This Ain't Normal: A Farmer's Advice for Happier Hens, Healthier People, and a Better World|If God had created celery, it would only have two stalks, because that's the most that almost any recipe ever calls for.
Jay Woodman|And what agony, thought Krug the thinker, to love so madly a little creature, formed in some mysterious fashion (even more mysterious to us than it had been to the very first thinkers in their pale olive gloves) by the fusion of two mysteries, or rather two sets of a trillion of mysteries each; formed by a fusion which is, at the same time, a matter of choice and a matter of chance and a matter of pure enchantment; thus formed and then permitted to accumulate trillions of its own mysteries; the whole suffused with consciousness, which is the only real thing in the world and the greatest mystery of all.
Donald Hall|The older I get, the better I was.
Chris Vonada, The Wellspring Of Life|Wake up. Be thankful. For whatever happens on this day, you are endlessly given the chance to start again-to be alive. And all of us should wish for that.
Pradnya Chabbi|He told himself that he could die some other time, in some other place.
Chelsie Shock, Rogue|The poor serve the elite, and they have too much fear to stop. So the poor get poorer, and the elite stay safe and powerful.
Yeesookyung (Korean artist)|The master potter was trying to create the perfect piece each time, and he would discard even the ones with the slightest flaw. So I chose to create new forms from them, because perhaps, I don’t believe completely in that kind of perfection."To me, a piece of broken ceramic finds another piece, and they come to rely on one another. The cracks between them symbolise the wound... The work is a metaphor of the struggle of life that makes people more mature and beautiful as they overcome their sufferings.
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|[B]eauty is that quality which, next to money, is generally the most attractive to the worst kinds of men; and, therefore, it is likely to entail a great deal of trouble on the possessor.
Alan Hirsch, The Shaping of Things to Come: Innovation and Mission for the 21st Century Church|Whether [new Protestant church movements] place their emphasis on new worship styles, expressions of the Holy Spirit’s power, evangelism to seekers, or Bible teaching, these so-called new movements still operate out of the fallacious assumption that the church belongs firmly in the town square, that is, at the heart of Western culture. And if they begin with this mistaken belief about their position in Western society, all their church planting, all their reproduction will simply mirror this misapprehension.
Matthew Quick, Every Exquisite Thing|There are a lot of lonely kids in this world, but the problem is that they don't know about each other. If the lonely kids could just team up, a lot of good things would happen, but the world is incredibly afraid of lonely people teaming up, and so it does its best to keep them apart.
Homer, The Odyssey|Treading the soil of the moon, palpating its pebbles, tasting the panic and splendor of the event, feeling in the pit of one's stomach the separation from terra... these form the most romantic sensation an explorer has ever known...
Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil|Apathetic people sit back and wait for things to get better before they move. Radical people make things get better, by how they move.
Rashida Jones|In early high school years, I was pretty chubby, and I spent a lot of time on my computer, before it was cool to have a computer - because there was a time that was true. So that's where I developed my personality.
John Zakour, The Plutonium Blonde| ‘Foo Kyu’ is just a very unfortunate cultural coincidence.""Just think about his poor son, ‘Foo Kyu Two.’ 
Laurie Lee, Cider With Rosie|Are you going to be nice to me now?""I'm always nice to you." Sure. Law ground his chin into Tom's groin, makingTom jump."Why would I suddenly start being nice to you?" Law said. "You put out for an asshole. That guy is still here.
Adam Selzer, I Kissed a Zombie, and I Liked It|Wow,” says Peter, “when your guidance counselor tells you to die, you really have problems.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|All you have to do, I tell myself, is keep your mouth shut and look stupid. It shouldn't be that hard.
John Keats, Bright Star: Love Letters and Poems of John Keats to Fanny Brawne|You are always new. THe last of your kisses was ever the sweetest; the last smile the brightest; the last movement the gracefullest. When you pass'd my window home yesterday, I was fill'd with as much admiration as if I had then seen you for the first time...Even if you did not love me I could not help an entire devotion to you.
Penny Reid, Beauty and the Mustache|Sacred space in whichTo distil, like amber,The best of your love.
W.G. Sebald, The Rings of Saturn|I suppose it is submerged realities that give to dreams their curious air of hyper-reality. But perhaps there is something else as well, something nebulous, gauze-like, through which everything one sees in a dream seems, paradoxically, much clearer. A pond becomes a lake, a breeze becomes a storm, a handful of dust is a desert, a grain of sulphur in the blood is a volcanic inferno. What manner of theater is it, in which we are at once playwright, actor, stage manager, scene painter and audience?
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Cat's Cradle|I do not say that children at war do not die like men, if they have to die. To their everlasting honor and our everlasting shame they do die like men, thus making possible the manly jubilation of patriotic holidays. But they are murdered children all the same.
Mrs M.|What I'm realizing is that a broken heart isn't a solitary event. There is the initial shatter, but then there are repeat breaks, creating more and more shards. A word that reminds you of what you used to have, a smell that reminds you of your dreams, a flashed memory in your mind's eye that reminds you of the betrayal. Each time it's a new injury. Each broken piece takes me further away from ever being whole again.
Lafcadio Hearn|I know nothing new except that Herr Gellert, the Leipzig poet, is dead, and has written no more poetry since his death.
Nenia Campbell, Freaky Freshman|If the whole world seems like it's against you, it helps to know that you've still got home. A safe place. It just takes one person—a teacher, a friend, a parent. If I didn't have you and Dad, if you hadn't made it so clear you loved me as much as you did, or if you'd said, 'yeah, why don't you do it, and put yourself out of our misery, just shut up,' I would have killed myself. I really would have. I spent most of those days wishing I were dead anyway, and what always stopped me was the fact that doing so would destroy the lives of the only people who ever cared about me.
Simon Cowell|If a building looks better under construction than it does when finished, then it's a failure.
T.S. Eliot, Tradition and the Individual Talent: An Essay|So many emotions flicker over him—astonishment, concern, remorse . . . and the always-present adoration. I raise my hand toward his face and he winces, as if anticipating a slap. Instead, I stroke his cheek and those beautifully expressive jewels under his eyes, then lift to my toes and press my lips to his. His flavor and warmth envelop me. He moans and cups my face on either side, kissing me deeper, but I pull
Albert Camus|It's easier to change what you do than people think it is. If you don't change, your field changes around you.
Frankie Rose, Sovereign Hope|All right. The snow may be falling in the winter of my discontent, but at least I've got sarcastic company.
Israelmore Ayivor|When you fall down, rise up. When you fall again, rise up again. This is just a developmental process that makes a healthy baby become a successful man.
Joubert|Lost spirit. Judges without justice, priest without religion.
Drew Carey|Outside the Olympics, there are massive discrepancies within all sports. But the positive side for me is that the Olympics are the biggest platform there is, and there's total equality across all sports.
Jennifer Salaiz|I sleep through the next day. Each time I go to the bathroom, I try not to look in the mirror. Once, I catch my reflection: it looks like I’ve been punched in both eyes.I can’t talk about the day that follows that.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|If the whole universe has no meaning, we should never have found out that it has no meaning: just as, if there were no light in the universe and therefore no creatures with eyes, we should never know it was dark. Dark would be without meaning.
Jeaniene Frost, One Foot in the Grave|And there is my payment the rubies in your cheeks. Are you properly scandalized by your wicked behavior? If you were Catholic, you'd singe the ears of the priest you confessed to. Do you remember making me swear to repeat all those naughty actions agian, no matter what you said this morning?" Now that he brought it up, I did recall saying that. Great Betrayed by my own immorality. "God, Bones...some of that was depraved." "I'll take that as a compliment." He closed the distance between us."I love you. Don't be ashamed of anything we did, even if your prudery is on life support.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Imagine a brilliant rose of pure love in your heart. Next, see a twinkling flower within the hearts of all you meet.
Christopher Paul Curtis, Bud, Not Buddy|...that was Bud Caldwell's Rules and Things to Have a Funner LIfe and Make a Better Liar Out of Yourself Number 83...If a Adult Tells You Not to Worry, and You Weren't Worried Before, You Better Hurry Up and Start 'Cause You're Already Running Late.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Be loved for who you are, for everything that constitutes you. Be loved for your core beliefs, your strengths and weaknesses, your admirable traits and troublesome baggage. Be loved for you, because anything less is not love at all.
Erica Chilson, Good Girl|Here’s to a tasty lunch,” she says, winking at me.It’s the strangest thing, but I actually feel my body respond to her. Beneath their lace prison, my nipples harden and send a jolt of arousal across my midriff and down to my thighs. I take a long sip of champagne and eye Rachel hungrily. I can’t be sure if it’s the alcohol or the company but I already feel giddy.
Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land|Consider the black widow spider. It's a timid little beastie, useful and, for my taste, the prettiest of the arachnids, with its shiny, patent-leather finish and its red hourglass trademark. But the poor thing has the fatal misfortune of possessing enormously too much power for its size. So everybody kills it on sight.
Fierce Dolan|Screw technicolor, red, and foreign languages. I dream in status updates.
Debasish Mridha|Clean out your mind closet.Clean out resentment and hatred.Clean out regrets and secrets.Now fill it with love, joy and respect.
Michael Meade, The Genius Myth|The hardest thing in life may be to learn to truly trust that there is something noble and generative in ourselves. This is a greater sense of the notion of believing in our self; to truly believe in oneself means to uncover the inner core of imagination and authenticity that can also be called the genius within us. When we connect to the inner resident of the soul, we also learn how we are woven to the Soul of the World.
John Scalzi, Fuzzy Nation|When we destroy it." She spoke clearly now, steadily now. "If it comes in a form with a dick, I will personally castrate it".
Sarah Dessen, Dreamland|All we had was her room, her stories, and the quiet that settled in as we tried in vain to spread ourselves out and fill the space she'd left behind.
Julie Eshbaugh, Obsidian and Stars|The skies are painted with unnumber'd sparks,They are all fire and every one doth shine
Corey Aaron Burkes|Bravery is a willing decision to do what must be done. Fear is a cancer that is cured only by doing what must be done, backed by an intelligent, open mind.
Yasmine Sherif (The Case for Humanity: An Extraordinary Session)|We need people who dive deep, dream and dare do. We need people able to grasp the sublime and, therefore, that which is universally true for all. We need them to reclaim our humanity.
Michel Houellebecq, Soumission|If the world is unjust, get drunk, wave a sword, then cut off heads.
Kahlil Gibran, Spirits Rebellious/The Madman/The Forerunner|Law never made men a whit more just; and, by means of their respect for it, even the well-disposed are daily made the agents of injustice.
Emma Goldman|Let me say, I fully embrace equality, and I believe in the innate value of every single human being and that all students, no matter their age, should be able to attend a school and feel safe and be free of discrimination.
Debasish Mridha|When someone hurts you, hates you, don't hate him, win him with love; you will find the peace.
Libba Bray, Beauty Queens|You set fire to my house, killed my family, and ate my dog. But steal my boyfriend? That's a step too far.
Django Wexler, The Forbidden Library|Have you never picked up a book you've read before, and found it speaks to you in a new way?
Autumn Doughton, In This Moment|That's what yer little sister said,' said Hagrid, nodding at Ron. Met her jus' yesterday.' Hagrid looked sideways at Harry, his beard twitching. 'Said she was jus' lookin' round the grounds, but I reckon she was hopin' she might run inter someone else at my house.' He winked at Harry. 'If yeh ask me, she wouldn' say no ter a signed-''Oh, shut up,' said Harry. Ron snorted with laughter and the ground was sprayed with slugs.
David Ignatius|Enter the candidates on horseback: While military leaders can sometimes be dangerous in politics, our best generals and admirals embody the democratic values and leadership skills for which the country is yearning.
Sunday Adelaja|He had a third martini. He looked at me intently and took hold of my arm. 'Look', he said. 'You're a fish in a pond. It's drying up. You have to mutate into an amphibian, but someone keeps hanging on to you and telling you to stay in the pond, everything's going to be all right.
L. Frank Baum, The Flying Girl|It is romantic, yes,’ agreed Hercule Poirot. ‘It is peaceful. The sun shines. The sea is blue. But you forget, Miss Brewster, there is evil everywhere under the sun’.
Andrew Ferguson|Evolutionary biology is imperialistic, overtaking entire fields of endeavor simply by attaching the prefix bio – or neuro -- to their names: bioethics, no comics, even, God help us, neurotheology. Its logic is deployed against helpless laymen as a bully's truncheon or an argument stopper.
Simon Wiesenthal|Before Nelson Mandela was arrested in 1962, he was an angry, relatively young man. He founded the ANC's military wing. When he was released, he surprised everyone because he was talking about reconciliation and forgiveness and not about revenge.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|Success demands a price that only a few are willing to pay ... blood, flesh, time, money, pride, heartbreak and energy. Anyone who has ever succeeded has the battle scars to prove the sacrifices they've made.
Confucius, The Analects|What’s the most difficult thing you can do? Live simply. ‘Cause in order to be self-sufficient, you got to get well near everybody else to work for you.
James Webb Young, A Technique for Producing Ideas|We tend to forget that words are, themselves, ideas. They might be called ideas in a state of suspended animation. When the words are mastered the ideas tend to come alive again.
Yasmin Mogahed, Reclaim Your Heart: Personal Insights on Breaking Free from Life's Shackles|Deprived is the one who has never witnessed his own desperate need for God. Reliant on his own means, he forgets that the means, his own soul, and everything else in existence are His creation.
Stephen Chbosky|She made a visual inventory of the disaster and confirmed that the girl was curled up like a snail, her head hidden between her arms: terrified but intact. "My God!" Rosa Cabarcas exclaimed. "What I wouldn’t have given for a love like this!
F. Scott Fitzgerald|I want excitement; and I don’t care what form it takes or what I pay for it, so long as it makes my heart beat.
Emi Iyalla|If your current skill doesn’t pay your bills, perhaps you should re-tool - and fast at that. The pursuit of knowledge and the skills that come with it must be done strategically. We must put the society we live in into serious consideration before we embark on this journey otherwise make urgent adjustments if we have gone astray. We can’t isolate our skills from the need of the society we live in. Well, actually, we can, but to our peril.
Latif Mercado|Don't Rush Up The Stairs, you Just Might Fall. Take it One Step At A Time!
Yasmina Khadra, The Sirens of Baghdad|What might happen if we could somehow reorient ourselves toward our more loving, bonobo side rather than our inner mad chimpanzee?
M.A. George, Relativity|Me?...Stupid?” I fluttered my eyes innocently. “When have I ever done anything stupid?”“Don’t get me wrong, you’re the smartest person I know…” She fought back a smile. “But you have done some of the dumbest things I ever thought possible.”“So you have a point…” I shrugged. “Still not stopping me.
Daniel Alarcón, At Night We Walk in Circles|There is a certain kind of man who is forever searching. He wanders from place to place, he looks hard into the eyes of women and men in every town, maybe he scratches the earth or wields a gun, remedies illnesses or writes books, and there is always a vague emptiness within him. It is the emptiness that drives him and he does not know even how to name that thing that might fill it. No idea of home or love or peace comes to him. He does not know, so he cannot stop. On and on he moves. and the emptiness blinds him and pulls at him and he is like a newborn baby searching for the teat, knowing it is there, but where?And sometimes such a man is handed a gift. A gift of direction. A path that is marked for him and there, yes, this will ease your suffering, it is sure. This will cure you, it will fill you up, at least for a time. There will be a home, and love, there will no longer be the sorrow when you look at a cold night sky, the sorrow as the sun rises and the mist burns away.
Mme. de Maintenon|Man can only become what he is able to consciously imagine  or to "image forth."
Jenn Fagan|The sky's gray and there's mizzle. It's so soft on my skin--it's nothing like rain. It's even softer than the lightest drizzle! Lift my face up, so it can kiss my skin." The Panopticon
will and Ariel Durant|History is, above all else, the creation and recording of that heritage; progress is its increasing abundance, preservation, transmission, and use. To those of us who study history not merely as a warning reminder of man's follies and crimes, but also as an encouraging remembrance of generative souls, the past ceases to be a depressing chamber of horrors; it becomes a celestial city, a spacious country of the mind, wherein a thousand saints, statesmen, inventors, scientists, poets, artists, musicians, lovers, and philosophers still live and speak, teach and carve and sing.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|I’ll tell you another secret, this one for your own good. You may think the past has something to tell you. You may think that you should listen, should strain to make out its whispers, should bend over backward, stoop down low to hear its voice breathed up from the ground, from the dead places. You may think there’s something in it for you, something to understand or make sense of.But I know the truth: I know from the nights of Coldness. I know the past will drag you backward and down, have you snatching at whispers of wind and the gibberish of trees rubbing together, trying to decipher some code, trying to piece together what was broken. It’s hopeless. The past is nothing but a weight. It will build inside of you like a stone.Take it from me: If you hear the past speaking to you, feel it tugging at your back and running its fingers up your spine, the best thing to do—the only thing—is run.
Santosh Thankachan|Every 'Born again' Christian is already called to be a Minister of God (By Commission, Matthew 28:19) and a Royal Priest (By Calling, 1 Peter 2:9).The only thing left now for us Christians to achieve in this small life is, To become A Compassionate individual (1 Peter 3:8), An Effective Disciple (John 8:31,32) and A Better Christian (Philippians 1:9-11).
Jessica Bell, Show & Tell in a Nutshell: Demonstrated Transitions from Telling to Showing|You are not an "author," you are a writer. If your books are still selling like hotcakes ten years after your demise, THEN you're an author.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|What makes us Christians shrug our shoulders when we ought to be flexing our muscles? What makes us apathetic in a day when there are loads to lift, a world to be won, and captives to be set free? Why are so many bored, when the times demand action? Christ told us that in the last days there would be an insipid attitude toward life.
Dennis Merritt Jones, The Art of Being: 101 Ways to Practice Purpose in Your Life|When a leader is at their limit the last thing they want to hear is that they need to change even more. Maintaining good rhythms of rest, exercise and fun create more energy for a leader to be willing and open for change.
Liz Kessler, Read Me Like a Book|She thought of people she had seen holding hands in movies, and why shouldn't she and Carol?
Cormac McCarthy, No Country for Old Men|I don’t believe he was deliberately taking indecent pictures, they’re too artistic; he’s managed to capture that magical moment when a child’s mind spins into a make-believe world. But actually, what Jack did is steal something – a child’s innocence – whilst creating something darker that will resonate with the adults looking at these photos: themes of sexuality and death, the leitmotifs that run through fairy tales, the stories that we tell ourselves about our children.
Ava Gardner, Ava: My Story|I'll show you an imaginative re-creation, my fist imaginatively re-creating your fucken face for starters.
Raja Rao, Kanthapura: Indian Novel|Globalisation Means the whole world, not just some of us.
Rachel Cusk|I've always been attracted to women who are assertive and have confidence - qualities older women possess. They've been on the Earth a little longer. They're more seasoned. They don't play games. They know what they want, and they're not afraid to tell you.
Harold Holzer, Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion|Lincoln on a desire to hear Horace Greeley speak: "In print, every one of his words seems to weigh about a ton.
Leonard Koren, Arranging Things: A Rhetoric of Object Placement|Communication is defined not by what is being said but by what is being heard. For this reason, it is vital that you gain a good appreciation of how other people will listen—interpret, process, and assign meaning— to what you have to say before you can influence them effectively.
Erich Fromm|Can't nobody fly with all that shit. Wanna fly, you got to give up the shit that weighs you down.
Nora Roberts, Black Rose|The point is, if we find out you’ve been horrible to Harry —”“— and make no mistake, we’ll hear about it.“even if you won’t let Harry use the fellytone 
Lindsay Wagner|If you want to run, run a mile. If you want to experience a different life, run a marathon.
Ken Cruickshank|Pfft, aren’t you optimistic,” my mouth twists into an ugly grimace as I clench my fists. My throat dries from the rushed breathing as my vision blurs, tears drying, my blood pounds in my ears. “Thinking as if this shit storm will ever blow over. Everyone’s got their scars and stories. This is yours.”Though I’ll always be haunted, memories always resurface.
Ian Mcewan|There are curveballs that are thrown at you, and you just have to get over it and forgive... if you believe you're perfect, and you don't believe in forgiveness, you're not meant to be married.
Alfred Hitchcock|The first crime was mine: I committed it when I made man mortal. Once I had done that, what was left for you, poor human murderers, to do? To kill your victims? But they already had the seed of death in them; all you could do was to hasten its fruition by a year or two.
Manprit Kaur|Don’t whittle your potential, just because others don’t believe in you. The only worthy question is “Do You Believe in You?
Nan Shepherd, The Living Mountain|Summer on the high plateau can be delectable as honey; it can also be a roaring scourge. To those who love the place, both are good, since both are part of its essential nature. And it is to know its essential nature that I am seeking here. To know, that is, with the knowledge that is a process of living. This is not done easily nor in an hour. It is a tale too slow for the impatience of our age, not of immediate enough import for its desperate problems. Yet it has its own rare value. It is, for one thing, a corrective of glib assessment: one never quite knows the mountain, nor oneself in relation to it. However often I walk on them, these hills hold astonishment for me. There is no getting accustomed to them.
Lillian R. Melendez|I don't believe in writer's block. Who can function working seven days a week at at job. It's the same with writing. Take a break and let the words come to you. It rarely comes if you force it and if it does, you'll probably regret what you wrote down on paper.
Nicholas Sparks, Dear John|I fell in love with her when we were together, then fell deeper in love with her in the years we were apart.
Matt Haig, The Humans|Humans without humanity, A world of dread and fear for eternity.
Idries Shah|Because Muhammad is considered Allah's final prophet and the Quran the eternal, unalterable words of Allah himself, there is also no evolving morality that permits the modification or integration of Islamic morality with that from other sources. The entire Islamic moral universe devolves solely from the life and teachings of Muhammad.
Rowan Atkinson|I was friends with Susan Sontag the last four years of her life. She had this amazing charisma and so much energy, but she had a sad little funeral in Montparnasse in Paris.
Euginia Herlihy, The Experiences of Life & Prayers|In school, I hated poetry - those skinny,Malnourished poems that professors love;The bad grammar and dirty words that catchIn the mouth like fishhooks, tear holes in speech.Pablo, your words are rain I run through,Grass I sleep in.
Toni mastertfrf|Grant us peaceof our unnatural sins,that sweet release as death begins.For a lease on lifeby "devouring" othersis full of great strifemaking "meat" of another…With blood of the innocentdripping down across my mind,my eyes red luminescentthinking of a past left behind.Of the friends I had madeand those I let downyet now I am afraidof finally shutting down.Yet I know deep insidethis is how it has to be, for humans to make strideyou have to kill me...
Roméo Dallaire, They Fight Like Soldiers, They Die Like Children: The Global Quest to Eradicate the Use of Child Soldiers|The battle of good and evil reduced to a fat woman standing in front of a chocolate shop, saying, Will I? Won’t I? in pitiful indecision.
Orson Scott Card, The Swarm|Live in moments that consume your heart and mind, but be distracted by the music from the leaves, birds, wind, rain, sun and people
Chitralekha Rathore|TO CUT THROUGH problems, we need problems.
Paul Shepheard, How to Like Everything: A Utopia|How do you write? You write, man, you write, that’s how…If you practice an art faithfully it will make you wise, and most writers can use a little wising up.
Ann Brashares|I'm afraid of time... I mean, I'm afraid of not having enough time. Not enough time to understand people, how they really are, or to be understood myself. I'm afraid of the quick judgements or mistakes everybody makes. You can't fix them without time. I'm afraid of seeing snapshots, not movies.
Sri Jibankrishna or Diamond|The death of Christ is their meritorious cause; the Spirit of God and his effectual grace their efficient, working instrumentally with power by the word and ordinances.
Natalya Vorobyova, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|Love is blind. Especially in the morning, because I can't see a damn thing before having coffee.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Wrinkle in Time|Such sentences always end in silence, no matter how they may begin--indeed, this is the very essence of fate: that which we never quite manage to say.
Cynthia D'Aprix Sweeney, The Nest|This is nice,' Melody said, picking up a red leather box with a vintage watch inside.'Yes, it is nice. It's the watch I gave Walker as a wedding gift.''He gave it back?''Actually, he sold it back to the person I bought it from who alerted me and I reacquired it.''I'm sorry. That sounds upsetting.''It was. Very. Especially since he sold the watch to buy combs for my long hair and without knowing what he had done I sold my hair to buy a leather case for this watch.
Larry Page|My job as a leader is to make sure everybody in the company has great opportunities, and that they feel they're having a meaningful impact and are contributing to the good of society. As a world, we're doing a better job of that. My goal is for Google to lead, not follow that.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We should not pray for God to be on our side, but pray that we may be on God’s side.
Shannon L. Alder|You always had it in you to create miracles, but you forgot that it required you to do the opposite of what you are doing now.
Clive Barker|It's always great to have things from France at a wedding. It's symbolic of style, of culture, of taste.
Debasish Mridha|The measure of greatness is in humility, simplicity, and in kindness.
Saurabh Gupta Earth5R|You could think that you had won. But I woke up, I came back to myself. You won nothing. I transcended you years ago, I left you in the past, I chained you up in my dreams. You may leave me shaken at times, but never again will you leave me broken. You have no power over me.
Anne Rouen, Master of Illusion|Like a brilliant shooting star, she had almost reached her zenith when her light was extinguished.
Samantha Young, On Dublin Street|I know she is crying. Her tears fall on the wrong side, into the bottomless well inside her.
Vishwas Chavan, Vishwasutras: Universal Principles for Living: Inspired by Real-Life Experiences|Ethics is nothing other than reverence for life because God is within every other human being you come in contact with either physically, or emotionally. Living with reverence for life is attuning goodliness, which is a state of godliness.
David Bischoff|It's entirely possible to get to know someone without actually seeing them in person. In fact, it's better like that because none of the superficial stuff gets in the way. You really get to know a person. And it's easier to express yourself when you're writing things down. At least it is for me. I like to order my thoughts, and delete them if they don't make any sense. You can't do that in real life.
Debasish Mridha|To find yourself: be yourself, trust yourself, and love yourself.
Kylie Jenner|My personal style falls between casual cool and meticulous slob. I'm most comfortable in jeans, but I love fashion.
Yves Chauvin|There is really no room in any healthy diet for trans fat, artificial sweeteners, and artificial colors in food.
Amjed Rajab|In your temporary failure there is no evidence that you may not yet be a better scholar, and a more successful man in the great struggle of life, than many others, who have entered college more easily.
James Madison, A Memorial and Remonstrance, on the Religious Rights of Man: Written in 1784-85|Religious bondage shackles and debilitates the mind and unfits it for every noble enterprise.... During almost fifteen centuries has the legal establishment of Christianity been on trial. What have been its fruits? More or less, in all places, pride and indolence in the clergy; ignorance and servility in laity; in both, superstition, bigotry, and persecution.
Ishmael Beah, A Long Way Gone: Memoirs of a Boy Soldier|In the sky there are always answers and explanations for everything: every pain, every suffering, joy and confusion.
Sarah Sutton|I've never looked forward to a birthday like I'm looking forward to my new daughter's birthday, because two days after that is when I can apply for reinstatement.
Matt Ridley, The Red Queen: Sex and the Evolution of Human Nature|Sex is not about reproduc-tion, gender is not about males and females, courtship is not aboutpersuasion, fashion is not about beauty, and love is not about affec-tion. Below the surface of every banality and cliche there lies irony,cynicism, and profundity.
Poppy Delevingne|I never do anything that doesn't feel natural to me. I wake up in the morning and I know what to put on - it's my sixth sense, really.
Chris Fabry, The Promise of Jesse Woods|Life is about making good choices, Matt. One after the other. They pile up day after day. It's only when you look back that you can see what the choices led to. What you're able to stand on.
Atticus Poetry, Love Her Wild: Poems|I worry there is something broken in our generation,there are too many sad eyes on happy faces.
Dan Phillips, The World-Tilting Gospel: Embracing a Biblical Worldview & Hanging on Tight|Taking what is, then making it into what it can be through the power of creation that we all possess.
Awdhesh Singh, Good and Evil: Two Sides of the Same Coin|People have been bred to hate for generations -- eons, maybe. Some fundamental urge. Something implicit in the human condition.
Nicole Christie, Falling for the Ghost of You|He held her forever. Ashy flickers swam in his eyes, shadows of temptation drawing her into infinite depths. A breath away from his tantalising mouth, she parted her lips. The thudding of her pulse hurt. The knocking of her heart brushed her soul. She sank into him.
Greg Egan, Permutation City|How does it feel to be seven thousand years old?""That depends.""On what?""On how I want to feel.
Catherine the Great|It is said, in a fire, everyone runs away from it save for the fireman who run towards it. When dealing with students, be the fireman.
Neil Gaiman|I used to pre-rehearse everything and then bring my pre-rehearsed performance to the set. Now, I'm learning to let it happen in the moment. American actors are much better at that than British actors. If I knew how to trust myself, I would have been much more relaxed. Maybe I would have less gray hairs today.
Sean Carroll, The Big Picture: On the Origins of Life, Meaning, and the Universe Itself|Where misunderstanding dwells, misuse will not be far behind. No theory in the history of science has been more misused and abused by cranks and charlatans—and misunderstood by people struggling in good faith with difficult ideas—than quantum mechanics.
Julian Barnes, Flaubert's Parrot|When you are young, you think that the old lament the deterioration of life because this makes it easier for them to die without regret. When you are old, you become impatient with the way in which the young applaud the most insignificant improvements … while remaining heedless of the world’s barbarism. I don’t say things have got worse; I merely say the young wouldn’t notice if they had. The old times were good because then we were young, and ignorant of how ignorant the young can be.
Minae Mizumura|Presently a soprano voice of richness and depth floated from the open windows of the parlor, resonating over the darkening greenery. All at once it was as if the entire scene before them was awakened by that voice, infused with unexpected life: the western sky, streaked with bands of pale gold and purple; the two houses, standing gray and disconsolate against that sky; the clusters of trees casting deep black shadows here and there across the ground. The same voice that brought everything suddenly to life also drew them into another, much deeper world—a world that was normally hidden, a world that stretched out into eternity. Yusuke, who had at first looked on with a sense of distance as everyone else sat listening, their faces intent on the music, found himself being gradually drawn in as well, forgetting the moment and the place, lending his ear during that unworldly stretch of time as if entranced. No one spoke. The singing could not have lasted ten minutes, but when it ended he found the darkness all at once grew deeper.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|You choose the leaders and place them strategically around the table of your vision and mission. They are already around you because of some degree of loyalty, so if you continue putting 80% effort in enhancing loyalty that already exists, you will end up going into overkill and igniting a toxic level of internal office politics that was not originally existent in your organisation.
Tim Tebow|At the end of the day, everything is God's plan, and he cares about what we do. He cares about our hearts, how we play the game, and how we treat people. He's definitely involved with how we handle sports and not just the outcome of it. I'm proud when athletes mention God in any way.
RVM|Look around! People have faces with no smiles, as if they are carrying heavy baggage. Stop them! Give them a SMILE and see them Light up.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The blind cannot see light,but can feel its warmth.The deaf cannot hear sound,but are aware of its power.
Dexter Palmer, Version Control|There was a graduate student in my cohort, this guy I dated, who told me he came to realize that doing physics is like this: there's a concrete wall twenty feet thick, and you're on one side, and on the other side is everything worth knowing. And all you have is a spoon. So you just have to take a spoon and start scraping at the wall: no other way. He works in a bookstore now.But I think of it this way. There is a jigsaw puzzle. It's infinitely large, with no edges or corners to help you out. We have to put it together: it's our duty. We will never finish, but we have to find our satisfactions where we can: when we place two pieces together that suggest we may have found the place where the sky touches the sea, or when we discover a piece that is beautiful in and of itself, that has an unusual color or a glimpse of an unexpected pattern. And the pieces that do not join together also tell you something. If there are very few eureka moments, then at least there are a thousand little failures, that point the way toward a hundred little joys.
Gabriel Bá, Daytripper|Only when you accept that one day you'll die can you let go, and make the best out of life. And that's the big secret. That's the miracle.
Dean Koontz, Odd Apocalypse|Probably no purer incitement to hatred existed, Lydia had found, than being told of anyone or anything: you will love him, her or it. The spirit immediately rose up like a fanged cobra.
Neil Gaiman, Stardust|Today, fantasy is, for better or for worse, just another genre, a place in a bookshop to find books that, too often, remind one of far too many other books; it is an irony, and not entirely a pleasant one, that what should be, by definition, the most imaginative of all types of literature has become so staid, and, too often, downright unimaginative.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|My favorite words in the world are these:  in conjunction.They question curiosities in simple form and function. is a query of broadest scope. is wonder that fuels all hope.Together they lasso the mind like rope, and spur the wildest deductions!
Heather Heffner, The Tribe of Ishmael|The frightening thing is that, to enter hell, all one has to do is nothing.
Brando Skyhorse, The Madonnas of Echo Park|Faith is a luxury for those who are able to ignore what the rest of us must see every day. Pessimism, distrust, and irony are the holy trinity of my religion, irony in particular.
Amit Ray, Beautify your Breath - Beautify your Life|When life is foggy, path is unclear and mind is dull, remember your breath. It has the power to give you the peace. It has the power to resolve the unsolved equations of life.
Stephanie Lahart|Black Girls… Strive to be a woman of substance! Don’t solely allow your big butt, thick thighs, wide hips, large breasts, and overall good looks to define you as a woman. Your looks alone shouldn’t define who you are. What more do you have to offer? What is your TRUE character? How is your attitude? What have you accomplished? Do you have respect for yourself? What do you represent? Everywhere you look, there’s another beautiful, stunning, fine looking sista. Stand out from the rest and dare to be different! Your good looks should only be a bonus, not the main factor. #RealTalk
Armando Mei, Ancient Mysteries: Collection of Author's articles published on the main specialized journals|Was Giza the mirror of the sky? In addition, what was the number 137 purpose? The number 137 has a very amazing meaning and it can range from modern Science to Kabbalah, from Archetypes numerology to Eastern philosophy, from smaller particles to the law of Universal Balance. ... Did the builders want to convey their scientific knowledge through the Pyramids proportions? ... Was their function connected to the number 137?
Michelle M. Pillow, The Jaded Hunter|...but I’d learned a long time ago that the worse things are, the more people lie about them.
Auliq Ice|The past cannot be changed, forgotten, edited or erased; it can only be accepted.
Daniel Waterman|Most people go through life by the line of least resistance in every circumstance where they can make a choice. They do not recognize that following the lines of least resistance makes all rivers, and some men, crooked!
Simon Van Booy, The Illusion of Separateness|He realized this early on, and realized too that what people think are their lives are merely its conditions. The truth is closer than thought and lies buried in what we already know.
Modest Ilyich Tchaikovsky|Probably you were not quite well, my little dove, when you wrote to me, for a note of real melancholy pervaded your letter. I recognized in it a nature closely akin to my own. I know the feeling only too well. In my life, too, there are days, hours, weeks, aye, and months, in which everything looks black, when I am tormented by the thought that I am forsaken, that no one cares for me. Indeed, my life is of little worth to anyone. Were I to vanish from the face of the earth to-day, it would be no great loss to Russian music, and would certainly cause no one great unhappiness. In short, I live a selfish bachelor’s life. I work for myself alone, and care only for myself. This is certainly very comfortable, although dull, narrow, and lifeless. But that you, who are indispensable to so many whose happiness you make, that you can give way to depression, is more than I can believe. How can you doubt for a moment the love and esteem of those who surround you? How could it be possible not to love you? No, there is no one in the world more dearly loved than you are. As for me, it would be absurd to speak of my love for you. If I care for anyone, it is for you, for your family, for my brothers and our old Dad. I love you all, not because you are my relations, but because you are the best people in the world.
Jakub Bożydar Wiśniewski|The surest way to damage society is to call for a "great man" to lead it. The surest way to improve society is to become a great man to lead oneself and convince others to do likewise.
Mark Teague, Frog Medicine|This book says 'life isn't fair' and I'm telling you, one and all, you betterbelieve it. I got a fat spoiled son�he's not gonna nab Miss Rheingold. And he's always gonna be fat, evenif he gets skinny he'll still be fat and he'll still be spoiled and life will never be enough to make himhappy, and that's my fault maybe�make it all my fault, if you want�the point is, we're not created equal,for the rich they sing, life isn't fair. I got a cold wife; she's brilliant, she's stimulating, she's terrific; there'sno love; that's okay too, just so long as we don't keep expecting everything to somehow even out for usbefore we die.
Jane Bierhorst, In the Trail of the Wind: American Indian Poems and Ritual Orations|Where the mountain crosses.On top of the mountain, I do not myself know where.I wandered where my mind and my heart seemed to be lost.I wandered away.
Erik Pevernagie|There is nothing either ' good or bad ' but ' thinking ' makes it so. It is the "perception" that makes things what they are. Good and bad is in our mind. It is our mindset, our mental attitude that determines how we will interpret and respond to situations.Erik pevernagie - ("Is that all there is ?")
Jay Parini|As the possessor of complete knowledge, God is not mistaken about people's experiences as people are mistaken about each others' experiences.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Shape|Wherever I go, I meet myself.
Alan Bennett, The History Boys|The best moments in reading are when you come across something – a thought, a feeling, a way of looking at things – which you had thought special and particular to you. Now here it is, set down by someone else, a person you have never met, someone even who is long dead. And it is as if a hand has come out and taken yours.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If only you could fully grasp how valuable, how limited and how unique every moment of your life is, you would never stand as still as a statue even a single moment because action is real living!
Cinda Williams Chima, The Crimson Crown|So here's the truth - I love you. I love everything about you – the way you stick up for people even when it costs you. The way you keep trying to do the right thing even when you're not exactly sure what the right thing is. I love how you put words together. You're as skilled with words as any knife fighter with a blade. You can put an enemy down on his back, or you can raise people up so they find what's best in themselves. You've changed my life. You've given me the words I need to become whatever I want.. You don't talk down to them. You respect them, and anybody can tell you're actually interested in what they have to say.I love the way you ride a horse – how you stick there like an upland thistle, whooping like a Demonai. I love the way you throw back your head and stomp your feet when you dance. I love how you go after what you want – whether it's kisses or a queendom.I love your skin, like copper dusted over with gold. And your eyes – they're the color of a forest lake shaded by evergreens. One of the secret places that only the Demonai know about.I love the scent of you – when you've been out in the fresh air, and that perfume you put behind your ears sometimes.Believe it or not, I even love your road smell – of sweat and horses and leather and wool.I want to breathe you in for the rest of my life.
Tove Jansson|In God’s vocabulary, ‘lost’ is an unnecessary adjective that is easily erased by the adjective ‘found’ if we would simply be brave enough to hand Him the eraser.
Naomi Wolf, The Beauty Myth|A culture fixated on female thinness is not an obsession about female beauty, but an obsession about female obedience. Dieting is the most potent political sedative in women’s history; a quietly mad population is a tractable one.
Faydra D. Fields|Relationships are about give and take; not tit-for-tat. If you’re keeping score, you’ll lose at your own game.
Lisa Bedrick, Sexually Abused and Christian|Often times, people don't realize how much their childhood still affects them when they are an adult. Or other people don’t realize the affect things still have on those they know. Other people might even say, “Get over it” or “Move on.” But it’s usually simply not that easy.
Felicité de Choiseul-Meuse|At the Slavemarket:“How is her disposition?” “Meek as meek can be; we tried training her in the care of sheep, but they bullied her, and drove her to tears.”Iayd turned to Fudail’s henchman Falih. Falih was a bald, fat man charged with keeping the slaves in line. His face bore scars that seemed to indicate that he had just recently tried to rob an eagle nest whilst the eagle mother was still at home. His legs stood knock-kneed and he held his groin as if something serious was amiss with the heirlooms entrusted him.“I swear to you, she is an angel sent to earth to spread kindness,” Falih said, his voice somewhat out of pitch. Something must be wrong, thought Iayd.
Haruki Murakami, Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage|As we go through life we gradually discover who we are, but the more we discover, the more we lose ourselves.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|From whichever side I start, I think I am in an old place where others have been before me.
Howard M. Halpern, Cutting Loose: An Adult's Guide to Coming to Terms with Your Parents|Narcissistic fathers leave their daughters with deep doubts about whether a man can love them, since the first important man in their life was so in love with himself that he had no love left for them. If you are a daughter of a narcissistic father you may have withdrawn from men and bound yourself to mother, either overtly or emotionally. Or you may be engaged in a self-destructive attempt to be his kind of girl, whatever that is, as you try desperately to extract his love. Perhaps you have transferred this into a masochistic position with other men, finding a narcissistic man incredibly attractive as you try to master the mystery of winning his love. And narcissistic men appeal to you because you wish you could be that way yourself - assertive, not giving a damn, self-important - but you lack the confidence to do it yourself so you identify with the man who has their quality, even if it's at your expense. (I have often seen this revealed in those instances where a woman has suffered through a degradingly submissive and abusing relationship with a man, or a series of men, and then, gaining the strength to break that kind of bondage, violently overturns the tables and abuses that man, or the next man in her life, as degradingly as she was misused. It's not just revenge, but the release of hidden desire to be powerful and to be able to control father and make him beg for her love.)
Colleen Ferrary Bader|Where we've been defines where we'll go. You can't allow your past to define you, but you can leverage it to create a better future!
William James, The Will to Believe and Other Essays in Popular Philosophy|Science, like life, feeds on its own decay. New facts burst old rules; then newly divined conceptions bind old and new together into a reconciling law.
Debasish Mridha|You are a living, breathing magnet, and love is your magnetic power.
G.K. Chesterton, The Outline of Sanity|A pickpocket is obviously a champion of private enterprise. But it would perhaps be an exaggeration to say that a pickpocket is a champion of private property. The point about Capitalism and Commercialism, as conducted of late, is that they have really preached the extension of business rather than the preservation of belongings; and have at best tried to disguise the pickpocket with some of the virtues of the pirate.
James Aquilone, At Year's End|He looked up at the round, stained glass window in front of him, a blurred kaleidoscope backlit in the morning sun. It glowed. The color of heaven. Of her hair. He sat back and cracked open the dry, leather cover of a pew Bible, and a mixture of sweat and tears christened its pristine pages.
Catherine Louise Birmingham|Growth requires courage, strength and the willingness to go beyond fear.
kurbhatt|let's forget the hope, it's the secondary thing to motivate.the primary one is to approach for it.
Sivaprakash Sidhu|Gentle reminder, Smile please.
Cameron Sinclair|Design is a constant challenge to balance comfort with luxe, the practical with the desirable.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Lies, so often misleading and which form the substance of all conversations, are less effective in covering up a feeling of dislike or of self-interest, or a visit one would rather people did not know about, or a one-day fling one wants to conceal from one's wife - than a good reputation is in utterly overshadowing disreputable habits.
Carolina De Robertis, The Gods of Tango|It was her grandfather who'd told her the tale of this particular violin, over and over, as if the telling could stave off loss, as if the weight and scope of human history were not found in books or in those mythic universities in Rome and Naples that no one in their village had ever seen but, rather, were encoded in objects like this one, a violin touched by hundreds of hands, loved, used, stroked, pressed, made to outlive its owners, storing their secrets and lies
Henry N. Beard, Poetry for Cats: The Definitive Anthology of Distinguished Feline Verse|And there are my cats, engaged in a ritual that goes back thousands of years, tranquilly licking themselves after the meal. Practical animals, they prefer to have others provide the food ... some of them do. There must have been a split between the cats who accepted domestication and those who did not.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven Boys|I was at a loss suddenly; but conscious all the while of how Armand listened; that he listened in the way that we dream of others listening, his face seeming to reflect on every thing said. He did not start forward to seize on my slightest pause, to assert an understanding of something before the thought was finished, or to argue with a swift, irresistible impulse -- the things which often make dialogue impossible.And after a long interval he said, 'I want you. I want you more than anything in the world.
Nicolas Cage|Ever since I've given up dancing, every physiotherapist or Pilates teacher has said you have to keep moving. If I don't, I'll have a hundred times more injuries because you get weak areas on your body.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|The ability to feel and express genuine gratitude for the help given when it is needed most, for the gift or boon that is given at just the right time and under the right circumstances, is a way of surrendering one’s self to benevolent external forces.
Jennifer Loiske, Club Number Five|He hugged me, and I let him press me against his godlike body. What? A girl should have some fun sometimes.
Hilaire Belloc|The Llama is a woolly sort of fleecy hairy goat, with an indolent expression and an undulating throat; like an unsuccessful literary man.
Colin Quinn, The Coloring Book: A Comedian Solves Race Relations in America|I had thought that I must mirror the outside world, create a carbon copy of white claims to civilization. It was beginning to occur to me to question the logic of the claim itself... I was was only beginning to learn to be wary of my own humanity, of my own hurt and anger — I didn't yet realize that the boot on your neck is just as likely to make you delusional as it is to ennoble.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Diamond as Big as the Ritz, and Other Stories|Then she added in a sort of childish delight: 'We'll be poor, won't we? Like people in books. And I'll be an orphan and utterly free. Free and poor! What fun!' She stopped and raised her lips to him in a delighted kiss.'It's impossible to be both together,' said John grimly. 'People have found that out. And I should choose to be free as preferable of the two...
Mani S. Sivasubramanian, The Icedrop|There are certain key words you look for, in the listings. 'Jenny Agutter' is the big one. Agutter is the sure-fire harbinger of filth. (....) Late at night, I am in the gutter, looking at Agutter."=> :o))
Debasish Mridha|Love is like fire, it can burn you, but it also can melt your heart to make you the most beautiful and beloved person.
Muhammad Iqbal|Fortune favors the brave."Another moment of silence. And then, Iolanthe found herself shouting at the top of her lungs, her voice nearly drowned by the bellow of all the rebels present, "And the brave make their own fortune!
Riitta Klint|Thinking about sadness and loneliness, and what it means to be sad, how to live with it, walk through it and grow from it. There is a loneliness in sadness that one can find distractions to escape, but at the end of the day, there it is again. So, how to embrace that loneliness, and trust the uncertainty of tomorrow and the next days, weeks, and months? Loneliness seems like a constantly expanding universe and the sadness is like a sheer veil surrounding it. The two work hand in hand, and there is only one way to navigate; go deep into oneself, as no one else has the map. None of this is a terrible thing; sadness adds rich meaningful layers into life, painful as it is, and loneliness is only a state of mind. Profound changes can come from living your sadness, feeling it completely, and housing it in solitude. The day will come when one emerges, brave and beautiful.
Jeffrey Dean Morgan|I understand that computers, which I once believed to be but a hermaphrodite typewriter-cum-filing cabinet, offer the cyber literate increased ability to communicate. I do not think this is altogether a bad thing, however it may appear on the surface.
Muhammad Yunus|So long as these kinds of inequalities persist, all of us who are given expensive educations have to live with the knowledge that our victories are contaminated because the game has been rigged to our advantage.
Savannah Stuart, Claiming Her Warriors|I can’t have you,” she said, trying to convince them both.His fingertips slid over her silky skin as he pulled the strap on her tank top down her arm.
Priscilla Presley|I'm doin' something different. I mean, I talk a little bit about race and interracial dating, but it's not the heart of my act. I just try to do what I think is funny; there's no huge message or through line.
Julie James, Something About You|I'm still trying to decide how I feel about the fact that you knew about this before I did.""Don't be disappointed," Jack said. "The fact that I've been ridiculously proud of you for days doesn't change how excited you should be about this. Besides, I pretty much know everything. You should probably just start getting used to it.""And on that note, I'm hanging up," Cameron said."Rushing me off so you can call Collin next?" Jack teased."No" she said emphatically. Damn, he really did know everything.
Julia Gillard|There are three major social issues that this country is struggling with: education, poverty, and drugs. Two of them we talk about, and one of them we don't.
Dada Bhagwan|Only after beggary (bhikh) goes away completely, can one see this world ‘as it is’.
Chris Hill|Everything was numbered: the lenses, the painterly sky, the milligrams of my panic pills. I had prescription eyes that allowed me to see better, and prescription panic pills that allowed me to play blind.
Jim Benton, Okay, So Maybe I Do Have Superpowers|How Superheroes Make Money: - Spider-Man knits sweaters. - Superman screw the lids on pickle jars. - Iron Man, as you would suspect, just irons.
Georgette Heyer, Lady Of Quality|How could you receive a member of the Male Sex in your bedroom, and in your dressing gown?Sir, I must request you to leave immediately!""You don't mean to tell me that's a dressing gown?" interrupted Mr Carlton, a dangerous gleam in his eyes." Well, it's by far the most elegant one I've ever been priviledged to see, and I suppose I must have seen scores of 'em in my time-paid for them too!
Warren Eyster, The Goblins of Eros|I've got to be willing to enter into and do battle with the confusion in order to reach the victory on the other side. It's like, I am here, confusion is in front of me, and just beyond confusion waits the answer or skill I need to take my life in a new and incredible direction.
John Patrick Hickey, On The Journey To Achievement|Always our action counts for our success, not our time.
Cindi Madsen, Cipher|I wanted to kiss you for a long time, and I decided that might be my only chance. I’ve been miserable ever since.” Troy ran his fingers along her jaw. “It was almost better when I didn’t know how it felt to kiss you.
Lang Leav, Love & Misadventure|I don't think all writers are sad, she said.I think it's the other way around—all sad people write.
Y.S. Lee, The Traitor in the Tunnel|Baby, you want to talk about what happened, go for it. I’m listening. But you know, I’m no angel, and I’m not finished dancing with the devil. If anyone ever hurts you like that again, there’s nothing I won’t do to protect you. To make sure you’re never hurt again.
Ella Dominguez, Continental Beginnings|Her curvy hips and small waist, her perfectly sized breasts and round ass are imploring me to corrupt every inch of her. Her decadent body was built to be fucked in the most scandalous and wanton ways imaginable and I’m just the man to do it.
Andrew Holleran, Dancer from the Dance|They were bound together by a common love of a certain kind of music, physical beauty, and style—all the things one shouldn’t throw away an ounce of energy pursuing, and sometimes throw away a life pursuing.
Cory Booker|Before you speak to me about your religion, first show it to me in how you treat other people; before you tell me how much you love your God, show me in how much you love all His children; before you preach to me of your passion for your faith, teach me about it through your compassion for your neighbors. In the end, I’m not as interested in what you have to tell or sell as I am in how you choose to live and give.
Robert L. Slater|At the advent of danger there are always two voices that speak with equal force in the human heart: one very reasonably invites a man to consider the nature of the peril and the means of escaping it; the other, with a still greater show of reason, argues that it is too depressing and painful to think of the danger since it is not in man's power to foresee everything and avert the general march of events, and it is better therefore to shut one's eyes to the disagreeable until it actually comes, and to think instead of what is pleasant. When a man is alone he generally listens to the first voice; in the company of his fellow-men, to the second.
Sharfaraz Ahmed|Never compromise your "Self-respect" for "Love". If feel like you are loosing your "Self-respect" for "Love" Tell them you can keep your "love" and I will keep my "Self-respect
Jens Lekman|Recently, I was preparing to sing Springsteen's 'If I Should Fall Behind' for a wedding and was unable to get through it without tears. My wife handed me 'Love You Forever.' I read it. I cried. But that cry somehow cured me of crying while singing the song. Go figure.
Jonathan Renshaw, Dawn of Wonder|Without imagination, things were only as they appeared - and that was blindness. Things were more than they appeared, so much more. When he considered an oak tree, it was not just a tree. To someone small, like an ant, it was a whole landscape of rugged barky cliffs and big green leaf-plains that quaked when the sky was restless, a place of many strange creatures where fearsome winged beasts could pluck and devour someone in a blink.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Sex doesn't satisfy for a lifetime, the more you have it, the more you want it. And the more you have it, the more you die out.
Tana French, The Likeness|That kind of friendship doesn't just materialize at the end of the rainbow one morning in a soft-focus Hollywood haze. For it to last this long, and at such close quarters, some serious work had gone into it. Ask any ice-skater or ballet dancer or show jumper, anyone who lives by beautiful moving things: nothing takes as much work as effortlessness.
Stephen R. Covey|I always feel myself being thrust back into loneliness when someone tells me it's cold on a hot day. It isn't good to talk so much about the weather — weather is a highly personal matter, and communication on the subject inevitably fails.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, The Song of Hiawatha|Straight between them ran the pathway,Never grew the grass upon it
DaShanne Stokes|Blood can help make family, but family often transcends blood.
Geoff Ryman, The Child Garden|Literature for me… tries to heal the harm done by stories. (How much harm? Most of the atrocities of history have been created by stories, e.g., the Jews killed Jesus.) I follow Sartre that the freedom the author claims for herself must be shared with the reader. So that would mean that literature is stories that put themselves at the disposal of readers who want to heal themselves. Their healing power lies in their honesty, the freshness of their vision, the new and unexpected things they show, the increase in power and responsibility they give the reader.
Octavia Cade, Trading Rosemary|Rosemary was unaccustomed to worrying about what people thought of her memories. She certainly did not judge others on theirs. In a society that circulated memories as currency, such judgment was considered the height of prudishness. 
Adam Scythe, Immortals, Vol. II.|Let's have a bet, then. If I'm right, you kiss me," he says."And if I'm right?""Name it."It's like taking candy from a baby. Mr. Macho Guy's ego is about to be taken down a notch, and I'm all too happy to be the one to do it. "If I win you take me and the class project seriously," I tell him. "No teasing me, no making ridiculous comments.""Deal. I'd feel terrible if I didn't tell you I have a photographic memory.""Alex, I'd feel terrible if I didn't tell you I copied the info straight from the book." I look at the research I'd done, then flip open to the corresponding page in my chem book. "Without looking, what does it need to be cooled at?" I ask.Alex is a guy who thrives on challenges. But this time the tough guy is going to lose. He closes his own book and stares at me, his jaw set. "Twenty degrees. And it needs to be dissolved at one hundred degrees, not seventy," he answers confidently.I scan the page, then my notes. Then back at the page again. I can't be wrong. Which page did I- "Oh, yeah. One hundred degrees." I look up at him in complete shock. "You're right.""You gonna kiss me now, or later?""Right now," I say, which I can tell shocks him because his hands go still. At home, my life is dictated by my mom and dad. At school, it's different. I need to keep it that way, because if I have no control in every aspect of my life I might as well be a mannequin."Really?" he asks."Yeah." I take one of his hands in mine. I'd never be this bold if we had an audience, and am thankful for the privacy of the nonfiction titles surrounding us. His breathing slows as I sit up on my knees and lean into him. I'm ignoring the fact that his fingers are long and rough and that I've never actually touched him before. I'm nervous. I shouldn't be, though. I'm the one in control this time.I can feel him restraining himself. He's letting me make the move, which is a good thing. I'm afraid of what this boy would do if he let loose.I place his hand against my cheek so it cups my face and I hear him groan. I want to smile because his reaction proves I have the power.He's unmoving as our eyes meet.Time stops again.Then I turn my head into his hand and kiss the inside of his palm."There, I kissed you," I say, giving him back his hand and ending the game.Mr. Latino with the big ego got bested by a ditzy, blond bimbo.
Aurelio Voltaire, Call of the Jersey Devil|All this security and prospects are different for different people. Somebody is happy playing music and with a less pay, somebody is secure in the corporate world with a high pay with headache. We have individual tastes, tastes are not universal.
Kierra C.T. Banks|To sum it up, success is nothing more than a small act of courageousness.
Abhijit Naskar|When a person believes that a God is truly concerned about the well-being of life on earth, and especially of human life, the belief adorns that person with various positive psychological elements such as emotional stability, in times of distress and a highly functional moral compass. Here this belief has nothing to do with reality whatsoever, rather it serves the evolutionary purpose of self-preservation.
Jim Rogers|Time will take your money, but money won't buy time.
Sukh Dev|No man is equal to his book. All the best products of his mental activity go into his book, where they come separated from the mass of inferior products with which they are mingled in his daily talk.
Christopher Paolini, Eldest|When you can have anything you want by uttering a few words, the goal matters not, only the journey to it. 
Pearl Zhu, Change Insight: Change as an Ongoing Capability to Fuel Digital Transformation|Awareness is the first step of Change Management, it starts from the mindset level.
Eileen Granfors, And More White Sheets: An expanded text edition|Heavy as such things areAfter the wordslide, the writing begins."From "Word Quake
Abraham Hicks|When you marry a woman out of pity, then its a pity that you'll send her away very soon.
Eli Gottlieb, The Face Thief|The real reason we have faces," Margot Lassiter observes, "is to hold back what we're thinking from the world.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|She didn't want to be considered a woman yet, wasn't ready to be the recipient of jewelry from men.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|If your enemy is secure at all points, be prepared for him. If he is in superior strength, evade him. If your opponent is temperamental, seek to irritate him. Pretend to be weak, that he may grow arrogant. If he is taking his ease, give him no rest. If his forces are united, separate them. If sovereign and subject are in accord, put division between them. Attack him where he is unprepared, appear where you are not expected .
Fakeer Ishavardas|when you read once, you get the understanding ; when you read twice, you get the second understanding. Don't just read, read!
Catherynne M. Valente, The Boy Who Lost Fairyland|Empowered Women 101: Forgive yourself for having chosen to expose yourself to people who don't care about your feelings and help others to do the same. Enjoy life! It is as simple as changing your focus or perspective when you start thinking about people from the past who hurt your feelings. Eventually, you will forget about those types of people because your time and attention will be taken up by more positive things/people/events/activities etc. When you understand how much time is wasted trying to make people see you, understand you, respect you, value you, like you or agree with you...life becomes a pointless negative fight for validation that will drain your happiness. You are worth more than the indifference, inattention or crumbs people throw you. You are a queen that demands respect and God will bring the right person into your life to make you forget why you ever wasted your time on nothing important.
K.  Webster, This is War, Baby|People which can't choose, should die... So far I don't see where can they go if they are lock in maze?They will search exit with hours!
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|You cannot become something new without putting in the appropriate effort, can you? Just as a seed cannot grow into an ear of corn without the appropriate time, sunlight, water, and care.
Ernest Hemingway, For Whom the Bell Tolls|You felt, in spite of all bureaucracy and inefficiency and party strife something that was like the feeling you expected to have and did not have when you made your first communion. It was a feeling of consecration to a duty toward all of the oppressed of the world which would be as difficult and embarrasing to speak about as religious experience and yet it was as authentic as the feeling you had when you heard Bach, or stood in Chartres Cathedral or the Cathedral at León and saw the light coming through the great windows; or when you saw Mantegna and Greco and Brueghel in the Prado. It gave you a part in something that you could believe in wholly and completely and in which you felt an absolute brotherhood with the others who were engaged in it. It was something that you had never known before but that you had experienced now and you gave such importance to it and the reasons for it that you own death seemed of complete unimportance; only a thing to be avoided because it would interfere with the performance of your duty. But the best thing was that there was something you could do about this feeling and this necessity too. You could fight.
Ryan Lochte|Why can't it be awesome to work for a food company? Why can't we create an environment where people are trying to push each other to do great things, and we're not trying to steal from anybody - we're trying to be good to our farmers and run an honorable business, if there is such a thing anymore?
Yuval Noah Harari, קיצור תולדות האנושות|I deliberately seek out the colors to keep my mind off them, but now and then, I witness the ones who are left behind, crumbling among the jigsaw puzzle of realization, despair and surprise.
Ta-Nehisi Coates|A man must fortify himself and understand that a wise man who yields to laziness or anger or passion or love of drink, or who commits any other action prompted by impulse and inopportune, will probably find his fault condoned; but if he stoops to greed, he will not be pardoned, but render himself odious as a combination of all vices at once.
Alan Joshua, The SHIVA Syndrome|The "paranormal" is what we call a phenomenon when examined through the narrow lens of what we consider "normal." You have to transcend the senses to understand them.
Maggie Stiefvater, Shiver|His lips tasted cool and sharp, peppermint, winter, but his hands, soft on the back of my neck, promised long days and summer and forever.
Eric Arrouze, A Gourmand in Training|If I can do it, anybody can do it. Willpower is strong! I believe that. You just have to have faith in yourself—and God—and make sure you know where your priorities stand.
Dieter F. Uchtdorf|In the end, the number of prayers we say may contribute to our happiness, but the number of prayers we answer may be of even greater importance.
Kasie West, The Fill-In Boyfriend|Cooper waited for me to shut the door then he cupped the back of my head and leaned down to give me a soft kiss. His tongue explored my mouth for a second then he pulled back and smiled. “You look sexy. Awake too.” “You look sexy too,” I said like a dork. Cooper laughed then stepped back and raised his arms. “What specifically do you like?” My face had to be bright red because it was on fire as I lowered my gaze and smiled grudgingly. “I like your shoes,” I said, laughing. “That’s what makes you stand out.” Laughing harder, Cooper rolled back on his heels and checked out his black boots. “Yeah, I can see that,” he muttered, grinning at me. “Anything else?” “Uh, that tattoo right there,” I said, pointing to his forearm. “The ‘I shot a man in Reno just to watch him die’ tattoo? Are you a big Cash fan or do you like murder?” “Cash fan.” Cooper touched my chin then lifted my gaze to meet his. “You had no idea what it said, did you?” “No, I just thought it was cute.” “Cute?” he said, kissing me quickly before sighing dramatically. “It’s like pulling teeth with you.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|I was distracted, thinking about what she'd said, until she got to this last part. "Sherman?" I said.She nodded. "That's John and Craig's friend. He's visiting from Shreveport.""Sherman from Shreveport?" I said. "This is the guy you're determined I go out 
Narendra Modi|I've been through it all, baby, I'm mother courage.
Will Durant, The Lessons of History|We conclude that the concentration of wealth is natural and inevitable, and is periodically alleviated by violent or peaceable partial redistribution. In this view all economic history is the slow heartbeat of the social organism, a vast systole and diastole of concentrating wealth and compulsive recirculation.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|And when [Bëor] lay dead, of no wound or grief, but stricken by age, the Eldar saw for the first time the swift waning of the life of Men, and the death of weariness which they knew not in themselves; and they grieved greatly for the loss of their friends. But Bëor at the last had relinquished his life willingly and passed in peace; and the Eldar wondered much at the strange fate of Men, for in all their lore there was no account of it, and its end was hidden from them.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|The principles that guide your decisions as a leader must not be contradictory to your personal values. Your personal values must lay the strong foundation on which you build your leadership tenets. In becoming a principle-centred leader, these leadership values become your guiding principles and lenses for decision making.
David Paul Kirkpatrick, The Address Of Happiness|Through all people, the Music of Love would pour, bringing light to the swords that sped through the darkness. And the light of their blades would lead the constellations to their destination.
Shirley Abbott, Womenfolks: Growing Up Down South|The frontier will nevertheless survive in the attitudes a few of us inherited from it. One of those attitudes--to me a beatitude--is the conviction that the past matters, that history weighs on us and refuses to be forgotten by us, and that the worst poverty women--or men--can suffer is to be bereft of their past.
Thornton Wilder|If I don't have wisdom, I can teach you only ignorance.
Marquis de Sade|She was cold by nature, self-love predominating over passion; rather than being virtuous, she preferred to have her pleasures all to herself.
John O'Donohue, Anam Cara: A Book of Celtic Wisdom|It was a wonderful night, such a night as is only possible when we are young, dear reader.
Germany Kent|Even though men and women are different in our thinking, we all share the need and desire for compassion, compliments, and companionship.
Carlos Castañeda, Journey to Ixtlan|Our plans for the future made us laugh and feel close, but those same plans somehow made anything more than temporary between us seem impossible. It was the first time I’d ever had the feeling of missing someone I was still with.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|People aren't born good or bad. Maybe they're born with tendencies either way, but its the way you live your life that matters.
Pazaria Smith|I'm always in Awe of God's Greatness, His M. O. (Method of Operation), His timing, His Might and His Power. He's God all by Himself!!! Abba, I love You.
Tony Samara|Wisdom is a true activity of compassion. And so, meditation is the act of loving kindness. It is the activity where loving kindness is applied on all levels.
Emily Giffin, Love the One You're With|They have not forgotten the Mysteries,” she said, “they have found them too difficult. They want a God who will care for them, who will not demand that they struggle for enlightenment, but who will accept them just as they are, with all their sins, and take away their sins with repentance. It is not so, it will never be so, but perhaps it is the only way the unenlightened can bear to think of their Gods.” Lancelet smiled bitterly. “Perhaps a religion which demands that every man must work through lifetime after lifetime for his own salvation is too much for mankind. They want not to wait for God’s justice, but to see it now. And that is the lure which this new breed of priests has promised them.
Saru Singhal|Good friends laugh at you, laugh with you, but never laugh behind your back.
George Takei|When I was commander of Central Command, obviously we were very concerned about the developments in Yemen, the developments in Somalia and elsewhere, in Africa and so forth. But the al Qaeda senior leadership is under unprecedented pressure.
Sandeep Sahajpal|You are constantly becoming what you have been deserving to be, and if you do not like the scripting, you have all the mens to change it for better.
Susan Wiggs, The Beekeeper's Ball|Life could be very distracting, thought Isabel. And that was a good thing. It kept her from focusing on things that couldn't be changed, such as the fact that she'd never finished culinary school, or that she'd allowed one failed relationship to keep her closed up tight inside a hard, protective shell. Now she had a new project that consumed her every waking moment- the cooking school. It was true that she didn't have the official certification from a prestigious institute, but she had something that couldn't be taught- a God-given talent in the kitchen.She clung to that gift, grateful to let the passion consume her and fill her days with a joyous pursuit. She believed living and feeling well came from eating well, appreciating the simple things in life and spending time in the company of family and friends, and that was the mission of the Bella Vista Cooking School.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Wherever there is a religious regime, over there there is ignorance, misery and absurdity! No religious state can ever elevate its own people! Sooner or later, the primitiveness of the religious administrations and the irrationality of the religious rules will cause a great collapse of those countries! The downfall is inevitable!
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|I can give not what men call love;But wilt thou accept notThe worship the heart lifts aboveAnd the heavens reject not:The desire of the moth for the star,Of the night for the morrow,The devotion to something afarFrom the sphere of our sorrow?
Will Bly, Ravens in the Sky|Fire consumes, in Prose it cripples. You'll mind the ashes that have no shoes
Elizabeth    Wilson, House of the Dead|Kiana loved birds," Breena told him late one dusky evening. "When she was just a few summers old, she would run beneath them as they flew, her chubby arms stretched out as if tmo take flight alongside them." She sniffed and wrapped her arms around her stomach. "A few weeks before the attack, she told me that she was still going to fly one day. 'I look at the birds, and I see freedom,' she said. 'To soar above the hurt of the world, to be too high for the wars of men to touch you: that is what it means to fly.
Charles M. Schulz|Well, I can understand how you feel. You worked hard, studying for the spelling bee, and I suppose you feel you let everyone down, and you made a fool of yourself and everything. But did you notice something, Charlie Brown?" "What's that?""The world didn't come to an end.
Bharath Mamidoju|My strength: My enemies, they keep me strong enough to face the worst - MB
Joseph Gordon-Levitt|I didn't have nothin' going for me... school, home... until I found something I loved, which was music, and that changed everything.
Mark Strand|I really love poetry. I'm a big E.E. Cummings fan and a big Walt Whitman fan, and I have a big book of poetry.
Catharine A. MacKinnon|This defines the task of feminism not only because male dominance is perhaps the most pervasive and tenacious system of power in history, but because it is metaphysically near perfect. Its point of view is the standard for point-of-viewlessness, its particularity the meaning of universality. Its force is exercised as consent, its authority as participation, its supremacy as the paradigm of order, its control as the definition of legitimacy. In the face of this, feminism claims the voice of women's silence, the sexuality of women's eroticized desexualization, the fullness of "lack", the centrality of women's marginality and exclusion, the public nature of privacy, the presence of women's absence. This approach is more complex than transgression, more transformative than transvaluation, deeper than mirror-imaged resistance, more affirmative than the negation of negativity. It is neither materialist nor idealist; it is feminist. Neither the transcendence of liberalism nor the determination of materialism works for women. Idealism is too unreal; women's inequality is enforced, so it cannot simply be thought out of existence, certainly not by women. Materialism is too real; women's inequality has never not existed, so women's equality never has. That is, the equality of women to men will not be scientifically provable until it is no longer necessary to do so... If feminism is revolutionary, this is why.
Franco Harris|As you age naturally, your family shows more and more on your face. If you deny that, you deny your heritage.
Mary Ann Shaffer, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society|It is my belief that with two such men in the household and no way to meet others, Emily (Bronte)had to make Heathcliff up out of thin air! And what a fine job she did. Men are more interesting in books than they are in real life.
Dean Koontz, Seize the Night|Hand-to-hand combat with three hundred pounds of screaming monkey menace is not my idea of a fair fight. My idea of a fair fight is one unarmed, toothless, nearsighted old monkey versus me with a Blackhawk attack helicopter.
Daniel Abraham, The Dragon's Path|So this is the goal: To make money by increasing net profit, while simultaneously increasing return on investment, and simultaneously increasing cash flow.
Roland Barthes, Camera Lucida: Reflections on Photography|It is as if the Photograph always carries its referent with itself, both affected by the same amorous or funereal immobility, at the very heart of the moving world: they are glued together, limb by limb, like the condemned man and the corpse in certain tortures; or even like those pairs of fish (sharks, I think, according to Michelet) which navigate in convoy, as though united by an eternal coitus.
Diane Flynn Keith|We can get too easily bogged down in the academic part of homeschooling, a relatively minor part of the whole, which is to raise competent, caring, literate, happy people.
Valerie Plame|What is the future going to say about us now? What are our kids going to look at us and say, 'How could you not stop that person from getting into power? How could you not stop that environmental disaster that you saw coming a mile away?'
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|Where is my chance to be somebody's Peter Van Houten?' He hit the steering wheel weakly, the car honking as he cried. He leaned his head back, looking up. 'I hate myself I hate myself I hate this I hate this I disgust myself I hate it I hate it I hate it just let me fucking die.
Amy Jarecki, Rise of a Legend|She ... grabbed her bra, clasping it and shoving her arms through.	"Ye harness your udders?" The man was insufferable.	"For your information, it's a bra - short for brassiere, something that wasn't invented until the twentieth century.
Kai Ashante Wilson, The Sorcerer of the Wildeeps|Demane: "Gods could only carry away Homo celestialis with them, you see, because the angels had already learned to make their bodies light. But most sapiens—even those of us with fully expressed theogenetica—haven’t yet attained the psionic phylogeny necessary to sublimnify the organism.”"Do doubt," Comalo nodded mellowly. "No doubt. I'd always maybe thought it was something like that.
Giorgio Moroder|For my birthday this year, my girlfriends - who knew I'd just inherited my dad's turntable - gave me a carton of albums like 'Blue Kentucky Girl,' by Emmylou Harris, and 'Off the Wall,' by Michael Jackson. It's all stuff we grew up with. I mean, you can't have a music collection without Prince's 'Purple Rain' - it just can't be done!
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest|Modesty, not temper.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you want to be strong, love yourself; if you want to be powerful, love others; if you want to be invincible, love everyone.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar|Obviously social media has had a massive impact on the fame game, but not in a positive way. But it can be for some.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Your level of education speaks on your behalf. It demonstrates your ability to establish a clear vision, prioritize your goals, and honor your commitments. Oh yeah, did I mention it also makes you smarter?
Kristin Cashore, Fire|A boy and a girl, fated to rule all. Two will rise, and One will fall.
Natalya Vorobyova, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|Fine! He is being passive aggressive with me, and it's gonna backfire; I'm gonna be active friendly.
Auliq-Ice|The SECRET to financial security is not to have more money, but having MORE CONTROL over the money we presently have.
Stephen M.R. Covey, The Speed of Trust: The One Thing that Changes Everything|The first job of a leader—at work or at home—is to inspire trust. It’s to bring out the best in people by entrusting them with meaningful stewardships, and to create an environment in which high-trust interaction inspires creativity and possibility.
Rachel Nichols|This whole celebrity racket, it's not really my bag. I don't really do that stuff, and I am not looking to get famous myself. I would love it if my characters get famous, my work was well known and appreciated. But I'm an actor, not a spokes model or a celebrity or whatever that is. I don't know how to be that.
Jennifer Megan Varnadore|Cheer up, love. Have faith it will get better, and if it don’t, well darlin’ that is what your knees are for. Pray pray pray.
Robert Fanney|How can I judge?" she said at last. "To me, he is a hero. To the world a monster." She let her head fall into her arms and started crying quietly. "I miss him! Curse him! I miss him!"Mithorden put a hand on her shoulder and let her cry for a few minutes. A sad smile slowly spread across his face. "I'm glad you can forgive him," he said at last.Luthiel lifted her head. "How do you know?"Because you miss him.
Cornel West|Americans are in a cycle of fear which leads to people not wanting to spend and not wanting to make investments, and that leads to more fear. We'll break out of it. It takes time.
Jonathan Odell, The Healing|Creation is filled with soul-sick folks, colored and white, never knowing where they belong. They tangle everybody else up in their grief.
Kamand Kojouri|You see herand ascend into love. You become enchanted, a found madman. In your love,you lose yourself and become her. You were once without her, now with her. You still feel her and descend into love. You become enraptured, a lost madman. In your love,you lost yourself and her. You were once with her, nowwithout her.
Steve Goodier|An important decision I made was to resist playing the Blame Game. The day I realized that I am in charge of how I will approach problems in my life, that things will turn out better or worse because of me and nobody else, that was the day I knew I would be a happier and healthier person. And that was the day I knew I could truly build a life that matters.
Amy Harmon, Infinity + One|I'm agnostic. By definition, I'm unsure of what to believe in, but I'm also borderline-capable of believing in anything and everything, or nothing at all... and I want to believe in something.
Donna Lynn Hope|You can't succeed in any endeavor if your motive is solely selfish- feeding your ego, seeking recognition, fame, etc. Find a lasting motivation...
Todd Tiahrt|And yet, I suppose you mourn the loss or the death of what you thought your life was, even if you find your life is better after. You mourn the future that you thought you'd planned.
Claudia Gray, Lost Stars|Other blokes might take advantage, but to Tom, the idea of honor was a kind of antidote to some of the things he'd lived through.
Dorothea Lange|If we climb high enough, we will reach a height from which tragedy ceases to look tragic.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Practical affairs task the human brain throughout the day. At night, the mind takes a deserved hiatus to consider the impossible and the absurd. In the carnage of our nighttime sleep tussles, the colored liqueurs of the true, the possible, fantasy, and the mythic beliefs become intermixed. Eyelets of the commonsensical and the imaginative are incorporated, and a new realism emerges out of our distilled perception of the veridical derived from the phenomenal realm of sensory reality and the philosophic world of ideals contained in the noumenal realm. The resultant psychobiologic vision immerses us in bouts of intoxicating inspiration and artistic stimulation and leaves us rickety boned and weakened after enduring a dreaded hangover of perpetual doubt laced with vagueness and insecurity.
Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out|There is an essential connection between experiencing God, loving God, and trusting God. You will trust God only as much as you love him. And you will love him to the extent you have touched him, rather that he has touched you.
Diego Luna|Thus, the standard library will serve as both a tool and as a teacher.
Kalyan C. Kankanala, Fun IP, Fundamentals of Intellectual Property|Copyrights do not and cannot trump publicity rights, they are mutually exclusive
Ric Flair|Old things are always in good repute, present things in disfavor.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Have you ever asked yourself, why is it that the bible is real when other people ask you to open it? It is not the money in your bank account that kept you alive but the word of God. There is power in the word of God. Don´t just carry your bible, do something with it.
Christopher Hawke, Unnatural Truth|But hey this was the FAYZ, where all you could really hope was to delay the pain.
Steven Aitchison|We are all capable of so much more than we think, the only thing we need to do is change our beliefs
Barack Obama|It is the kindness to take in a stranger when the levees break; the selflessness of workers who would rather cut their hours than see a friend lose their job which sees us through our darkest hours. It is the firefighter's courage to storm a stairway filled with smoke, but also a parent's willingness to nurture a child, that finally decides our fate.
Bertrand Russell, Why I Am Not a Christian and Other Essays on Religion and Related Subjects|It is true that the modern Christian is less robust, but that is not thanks to Christianity; it is thanks to the generations of freethinkers, who from the Renaissance to the present day, have made Christians ashamed of many of their traditional beliefs. It is amusing to hear the modern Christian telling you how mild and rationalistic Christianity really is and ignoring the fact that all its mildness and rationalism is due to the teaching of men who in their own day were persecuted by all orthodox Christians.
Joseph Addison|I hope when I'm on my deathbed, people forgive me, because there is a lot to forgive.
Wouter Van Gastel|I have one dream: I want to get my jet pilot license, and take my jet to 40 000 feet, look down, and realise how small we are. Not for the kick of the G's but just to get the feeling of just for once flying above humanity.
Chris Mentillo, Obliterated: Everything is About To Change|Lydia shrugged. "At least we'll have some stories to tell after graduation.""These aren't the kind of stories I want to tell.
Sean Hannity, Let Freedom Ring: Winning the War of Liberty over Liberalism|At heart, American conservatives like myself are believers in the Constitution. We believe that the principles embodied in the Constitution are enduring, and that to whatever extent we deviate from them we put our liberties at risk. Our views are consistent because we believe in absolute truths and the essential soundness, even righteousness, of the Founder's vision of government.
Michelle Celmer, Best Man's Conquest|Confusion is like a delusion, it's like a dust covering the mirror of your real potentials and identity followed by your true believe system by turning it out into negative one which make your self image blur so you feel low and dull to perform anything bigger, somehow it kills the fruits of all your efforts unexpectedly, it has ability to blow your flame of passion.....there are a lot of sources you ll find around, stay away from anyone who make you confuse, anything, person, ideology or believe any source that make you feel like that, stay away from it, leave it and live your real life.
Joel Osteen|Be sure what you want and be sure about yourself. Fashion is not just beauty, it's about good attitude. You have to believe in yourself and be strong.
Mark Batterson, A Trip Around the Sun: Turning Your Everyday Life Into the Adventure of a Lifetime|Narcissists only play for their own business, whereas Distortionists play with other’s business only to gain personal advantage. If you are both, then you aren’t an entrepreneur.
Don DeLillo, Underworld|This happened back east of course. I've heard that term a lot since coming to this part of the country. But I never think of the term as a marker of geography. It's a reference to time, a statement about time, about all the densities of being and experience, it's time disguised, it's light-up time, shifting smoky time tricked out as some locus of stable arrangement. When people use that term they're talking about the way things used to be before they moved out here, the way the world used to be, not just New Jersey or South Philly, or before their parents moved, or grandparents, and about the way things still exist in some private relativity theory, some smoky shifting mind dimension, or before the other men and women came this way, the ones in Conestoga wagons, a term we learned in grade school, a back-east term, stemming from the place where the wagons were made. (pg.333)
Vernon D. Burns|I consider myself a green party supporter...because green represents my favorite color other than clear. And I met a guy who was running for the green party this one time, and he seemed like he had a great head on his shoulders for a homeless guy.
Jerry Doyle|My dad always said there's four phases in an actor/director's life. There's 'Mario Who?' There's 'Get me Mario!' 'Get me a young Mario,' and 'Mario Who?'
Robert   Harris, Pompeii|Who says there's just one safe way to walk, one road properly lit, and the rest - all slippery water, unmarked?
Harrish Sairaman|One of the central elements of resilience, Bonanno has found, is perception: Do you conceptualize an event as traumatic, or as an opportunity to learn and grow? “Events are not traumatic until we experience them as traumatic,” Bonanno told me, in December. “To call something a ‘traumatic event’ belies that fact.” He has coined a different term: PTE, or potentially traumatic event, which he argues is more accurate.The theory is straightforward. Every frightening event, no matter how negative it might seem from the sidelines, has the potential to be traumatic or not to the person experiencing it. Take something as terrible as the surprising death of a close friend: you might be sad, but if you can find a way to construe that event as filled with meaning—perhaps it leads to greater awareness of a certain disease, say, or to closer ties with the community—then it may not be seen as a trauma. The experience isn’t inherent in the event; it resides in the event’s psychological construal. It’s for this reason, Bonanno told me, that “stressful” or “traumatic” events in and of themselves don’t have much predictive power when it comes to life outcomes. “The prospective epidemiological data shows that exposure to potentially traumatic events does not predict later functioning,” he said. “It’s only predictive if there’s a negative response.” In other words, living through adversity, be it endemic to your environment or an acute negative event, doesn’t guarantee that you’ll suffer going forward. What matters is whether that adversity becomes traumatizing.
Aleksandra Layland, Bind Not the Heart: A Windflower Saga Novella|How this life speeds right by, the odometer forgetting how fast it sped. Grinding the foot and pressing the metal, not counting road side markers ahead
Adana K. Washington, The Orgasmic Way: Manifesting With The Lower Chakras|KEEP AN ATTITUDE OF GRATITUDE!" Gratitude is the key to manifestation, for gratitude connects you directly to the source.Keep your head up and heart open. And make "Thank You" your mantra of life! ~ UNIVERSE LOVES YOU & SO DO I ‪#‎StardustAK‬
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Your dreams are like the market grounds; their locations really matter. If you keep hiding your potentials out of sight, you may be great but unknown! Your influence can travel long distances if only you give them the chances to go where they are needed! Rebrand yourself!
Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses|One of the strengths, and weaknesses, of liberal democratic societies is giving the benefit of the doubt even to one's enemies
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|Must we always be warned, and can we only fall on our knees when some one is there to tell us that God is passing by? If you have loved profoundly you have needed no one to tell you that your soul was a thing as great in itself as the world; that the stars, the flowers, the waves of night and sea were not solitary; that it was on the threshold of appearances that everything began, but nothing ended, and that the very lips you kissed belonged to a creature who was loftier, much purer, and much more beautiful than the one whom your arms enfolded.
Jodi Livon, The Happy Medium: Speaking the Language of Intuition|Changing your words, changes your mind. Changing your mind alters your energy and that is what changes your life.
Donna Jo Napoli|Learning is not the accumulation of knowledge, but rather, one thing only: understanding
Idries Shah, Reflections|Farid, you are keeping a hawk; don't expect her to lay eggs like a chicken.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|As long as you stay determined, you will stay focused and you will succeed
Percy Bysshe Shelley, The Complete Poems|oh, how bitterhow bitter silentthe bewildered sorrowof a texture too thickto be brought outthrough the eyes.
Margaret Heffernan|Enthusiasm is the mother of effort, and without it nothing great was ever achieved.
Sunday Adelaja|To my shame, my nation and the church of the lord Jesus Christ in my continent is covered head to toe in this ignorance.
T.S. Eliot|Instead of letting our emotions run amok with our minds, we can use our minds as tools that allow us to build realities that serve us better,and we attract what we are meant to attract because we are aware and self-empowered enough to choose most of the time.
Richelle Mead, Vampire Academy|When we seek to understand what makes each of us different before we seek to be understood, we learn. Understanding fosters mutual respect for one another.
A.S.A. Harrison, The Silent Wife|Though sometimes when he wakes in the night all he can think about is death. His own death, of course, but also the death of those around him,the fact that one day in the not-too-distant future every person he knows, every single one, will be dead and gone, along with all the people he doesn't know,to be replaced by a crop of strangers who will take over the structures left behind.
P.G. Wodehouse, The Code of the Woosters|Make requests, not demands. "Please" kill that zombie, honey, I'm out of bullets.
Ma Jaya Sati Bhagavati, The 11 Karmic Spaces: Choosing Freedom from the Patterns That Bind You|When you plant a seed of love, it is you that blossoms.
David Wiseman, Jeremy Visick|It's all history out there, Clemens. Your history, my history. You and me, boy, not dates and things. You and me. That's what history is all about. How we came to be here, in the way we are, the clothes we wear.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron King|Touch her, and I'll freeze your testicles off and put them in a jar. Understand?
Marc Newson|I like to think that the Internet and file sharing, if utilized properly and embraced, and I emphasize properly, is a high-powered marketing design.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|If someone isn't what others want them to be, the other become angry.
Bidzina Ivanishvili|I had a friend where it turned out that she hated my guts, all through our friendship. I thought she was my best friend, and then, in high school, she turned on me and had sordid affairs with all of the people that I'd dated. It was less hurtful because I was in high school, so it was more like, 'What's wrong with you? Gross!'
Jonathon Miller Weisberger, Rainforest Medicine: Preserving Indigenous Science and Biodiversity in the Upper Amazon|When speaking of the mighty Andes and the so-called "eyebrows" country at the range's eastern base- the Tropical Wet Forest region-I am first obliged to give homage to the Apu, the Mountain Lords, the ice-capped everlasting sovereigns of these great lands, on whose forested slopes manifests the most marvelous biological diversity.
M.Z.Riffi|When people's faith in the collective intelligence increases, falls to the same extent their own individual sense of responsibility.
Alexandra Robbins, The Geeks Shall Inherit the Earth: Popularity, Quirk Theory and Why Outsiders Thrive After High School|The human brain takes in information from other people and incorporates it with the information coming from its own senses, neuroscientist Gregory Berns has written. Many times, the group's opinion trumps the individual's before he even becomes aware of it.
Kevin Kelly, Out of Control: The New Biology of Machines, Social Systems, and the Economic World|We don't have a choice on whether we do social media, the question is how well we do it?
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|Sometimes, mothers say and do things that seem like they don't want their kids... but when you look more closely, you realize that they're doing those kids a favor. They're just trying to give them a better life.
Henry Johnson Jr|When free men stand, they will always carry on and lift Liberty yet unfree men shall always struggle to fight for freedom and liberty until they attain it.
Hazel Butler, Bleizgeist|Without Bardawulf's pelt about me I felt naked before the crowds, yet I knew what I would invite if folk saw me wearing it. The whispers would become shouts, the shouts accusations, and finally cries of terror, and even if they did not whip me at the post or burn me for my gramarye, the fear would swell within their minds. Their thoughts would focus on naught but me. And I would find myself at the mercy of an onslaught of geiste from which even Lynae would be unable to defend me.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|If you can't see the assets in you, it will be hard for you to export it to the world. Recognise who you are and the world will recognise you.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|It is exactly the fear of revenge that motivates the deepest crimes, from the killing of the enemy's children lest they grow up to play their own part, to the erasure of the enemy's graveyards and holy places so that his hated name can be forgotten.
Germany Kent|Rather, when famine, plague or war break out of our control, we feel that somebody must have screwed up, we set up a commission of inquiry, and promise ourselves that next time we’ll do better.
Ai Yazawa|Getting carried away is stupid, it won't get me anywhere.-Nana Komatsu
Lilly Singh|Y'know, smile, dance, get crazy... we sure do while we're making it, because music is our leeezshure; it's my fun.
Grace Fiorre, The Nothing Spirit: Nothing is Everything|You were spying on me?" I repeated, this time my tone was stern."Nonsense! I was making sure you were safe." He answered, fluttering his wings and landing in front of me. "That's what friends do.
Margarita Engle, The Surrender Tree: Poems of Cuba's Struggle for Freedom|Slavery all day,and then, suddenly, by nightfall- freedom!
Albert Camus|Against eternal injustice, man must assert justice, and to protest against the universe of grief, he must create happiness.
Anonymous|"The horror of that moment " the King went on  "I shall never forget." "You will  though " the Queen said  "if you don't make a memorandum of it."
John Clare, The Later Poems, 1837-1864: Volumes I and II|I long for scenes where man hath never trod A place where woman never smiled or wept There to abide with my Creator, God, And sleep as I in childhood sweetly slept, Untroubling and untroubled where I lie The grass below—above the vaulted sky.
Dianne Feinstein|Personally, I would be delighted if there were a life after death, especially if it permitted me to continue to learn about this world and others, if it gave me a chance to discover how history turns out.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|He was a far more voracious reader than me, but he made it a rule to never touch a book by any author who had not been dead at least 30 years. "That's the only kind of book I can trust," he said."It's not that I don't believe in contemporary literature," he added, "but I don't want to waste valuable time reading a book that has not had the baptism of time. Life is too short.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, All of Grace|Beware what you wish for, unless you have the grace to hope that your luck can be shared.
Dawn French|It's hard enough to work and raise a family when your kids are all healthy and relatively normal, but when you add on some kind of disability or disease, it can just be such a burden.
James Comey|Man-made computers are limited in their performance by finite processing speed and memory. So, too, the cosmic computer is limited in power by its age and the finite speed of light.
Ilchi Lee, Human Technology: A Toolkit for Authentic Living|Choice is the doorway to our creative power. To unleash this power, we must begin from the state of beingness.
Brittany DeLys, Just A Touch|Arianna, hold on! I’m coming!” I yell as I watch the life leave her eyes and she falls to the ground.“NO!” I scream as my eyes fly open.
Joseph Smith Jr., The Doctrine and Covenants of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints|What men and women need is encouragement. Their natural resisting powers should be strengthened, not weakened ... Instead of always harping on a man's faults, tell him of his virtues. Try to pull him out of his rut ... Hold up to him his better self, his real self that can dare and do and win out! ... People radiate what is in their minds and in their hearts.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Devote yourself to reading, learning and writing.
Carolyn Bramhall, Am I a Good Girl Yet?: Childhood Abuse Had Shattered Her. What Would It Take to Make Her Whole?|it felt increasingly, as I became more whole, that I had made it all up, and that I was a phoney. I had to come to some place of acceptance. If I made it all up, then I am an unspeakably evil person, leading so many wonderful, intelligent people astray. What a scheming mind I must have. I knowledge will be hard too live with. But harder still is the thought that perhaps, just perhaps it is all true; that I really was horribly, ritualistically abused in a satanic setting, over and over again and as a result my mind fragmented. The implications of that are completely overwhelming. It was me, my body, that they did those things to. No, I would rather believe I am an evil and deceitful person. At least the I can change, and say sorry, and live a better life from now on.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Hurt shouldn’t pile up like this inside of someone. No one should suffocate beneath pain on top of pain. You should have time to breathe, time to scream it out until it doesn’t exist anymore.
Athan Fletcher, The Swordsman and The Priestess|When you violate the law of growth, your influence winds down, your progress gets arrested, and many more negative consequences...
Gian-Carlo Rota, Indiscrete Thoughts|Richard Feynman was fond of giving the following advice on how to be a genius. You have to keep a dozen of your favorite problems constantly present in your mind, although by and large they will lay in a dormant state. Every time you hear or read a new trick or a new result, test it against each of your twelve problems to see whether it helps. Every once in a while there will be a hit, and people will say, 'How did he do it? He must be a genius!
Lester Maddox|Freedom of speech is always under attack by Fascist mentality, which exists in all parts of the world, unfortunately.
Trinh T. Minh-ha|It isn’t time that folds, it’s space.
Salman Rushdie|When I started the Imagination Library in my hometown, I never dreamed that one day we would be helping Scottish kids.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|In the spiritual realms, we can only see the things of the spirit.
Jonathan Swift|We have just enough religion to make us hate, but not enough to make us love one another.
Bertrand Russell, The Impact of Science on Society|Aristotle maintained that women have fewer teeth than men; although he was twice married, it never occurred to him to verify this statement by examining his wives' mouths.
Chirag Tulsiani|Each year the winning team of the Super Bowl loses some ground (yardage) throughout the game. Yet they always keep their minds fixed on the goal, push through the opposition, and, as a result, advance to victory in the end.
Dagobert D. Runes, A Dictionary of Thought|Saying of the ProphetReflectionThe Faithful are mirrors, one to the other.
Miranda J. Barrett, A Woman's Truth: A Life Truly Worth Living|You have to do your own growing, no matter how tall your grandmother was.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|I felt peace, even though I was still scared to death. I thought that, whatever would happen to me - I could still be killed. I didn't know - and in what I'd already been through, God was in control.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Learning is like the fuel that moves the machinery of your body towards it's destination of success. Shortage is possible, hence spare supply is necessary!
Gene Stratton-Porter, Laddie: A True Blue Story|Is he well educated?""Yes, I think so, as far as he's gone," I answered. "Of course he will go on being educated every day of his life, same as father. He says it is all rot about 'finishing' your education. You never do. You learn more important things each day...
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|We could say that the human race is a great coauthorship in which we are collaborating with God and nature in the making of ourselves and one another. From this there is no escape. We may collaborate either well or poorly or we may refuse to collaborate, but even to refuse to collaborate is to exert an influence and to affect the quality of the product. This is only a way of saying that by ourselves we have no meaning and no dignity; by ourselves we are outside the human definition, outside our identity.
Debasish Mridha|Hope for joy, desire beauty.Love much, live for eternity.
Thomas C. Foster, How to Read Novels Like a Professor: A Jaunty Exploration of the World’s Favorite Literary Form|The real world just doesn’t offer up as easily the carefully designed pleasures, the thrilling challenges, and the powerful social bonding afforded by virtual environments. Reality doesn’t motivate us as effectively. Reality isn’t engineered to maximize our potential. Reality wasn’t designed from the bottom up to make us happy.
Anonymous|and the best, if not heedfully used, will prove the word. The better and keener the knife is, the sooner and deeper will it cut thy fingers, if thou take not heed (647).
Brian Bennudriti|Yes, you are a battery.
Barry Babcock, TEACHERS IN THE FOREST: Essays from the last wilderness in Mississippi Headwaters Country|On a winter’s day when a person’s spirits may be low and to behold thirty to one-hundred Evening Grosbeaks busily gorging themselves on bird seed and perched in a stand of pines with all of them creating a cacophony of sparrow like chirps, this is real therapy for me. It is an act of contagious optimism. It is at such times I realize that a bird can do more for me than a shrink.
Jeanne Marie Laskas|My grandmother is a huge Hawkeyes fan, so I, by proxy, have to be one. I'm more of a professional sports fan, and I've never been a huge college fan, but because of my grandmother, I've gotten into a lot of really good Hawkeye games. So, because I'm a good grandson, I'm a Hawkeye fan.
Andy Partridge|When I first got into the entertainment industry, I would always watch Rihanna and all those people, so I was like, 'Ooh, I have to be this.' So my mom was like, 'Just be yourself.'
Laura     Miller, Butterfly Weeds|What is this Chocho business?' Will muttered to himself. But his friends overheard the comment.'It's a term of great respect,' they chorused, and he glared at them.'Oh, shut up,' he said.
Bertrand De Jouvenel, Sovereignty|The more routine that systematised activities are, the more nearly they are of the monotonous character seen in the habits of social animals and the less necessary are master builders; the more novel actions are, the more necessary are master builders. Dislike of the leader and the promoter, though linked emotionally to progressivism, is linked logically to total conservatism. Conversely, an authoritarian approach, natural enough in the instigator of new activities, is unjustified in the mere overseer of routines.
Tim Eldred, Grease Monkey|Given Loughner's obsession with meaninglessness and language, maybe Foucault & Derrida deserve some fault here, too.
Hilary Grossman, Dangled Carat|You never know what you're going to get with a pinball game," John said. "It's a lot like life. You can't control it, so you have to just roll with it and do the best you can. And if you do well enough, sometimes you get a bonus play.
Padampa Sangye|...best intentions notwithstanding, no one can control how the media communicates a story and what the public eventually understands.
David Hume, Essays: Moral, Political and Literary|I am apt, however, to entertain a Suspicion, that the World is still too young to fix any general stable Truths in Politics, which will remain true to the latest Posterity. We have not as yet had Experience of above three thousand Years; so that not only the Art of Reasoning is still defective in this Science, as well as in all others, but we even want sufficient Materials, upon which we can reason. 'Tis not sufficiently known, what Degrees of Refinement, either in Virtue or Vice, human Nature is susceptible of; nor what may be expected of Mankind from any great Revolution in their Education, Customs, or Principles.
Stephen Richards, Harry's Fight: Harry Marsden - From Catholic Care Home Abuse To Gangster To Good Fellow|Just as much as the media portray child sexual exploitation as being a 'hidden' crime, then that is no less of a case with child physical abuse.
Elizabeth Warren|I'm just disillusioned with the hip-hop sound right now. It's too materialistic. You know, I'm the kind of guy ... I can't do that. If you track my movement, you'll never see a picture of me with any girl that wasn't mine, or my own car. My jewelry, my clothes. What kind of gangsta rapper has a stylist? A stylist?!
David James Duncan, God Laughs & Plays; Churchless Sermons in Response to the Preachments of the Fundamentalist Right|There were a couple of occasions in India when I was twenty that felt to me like going out with a thimble in your hand, hoping to catch a drop of rain, and having the ocean land on your head. These experiences convinced me that there is an absolute love that pervades everything.
Richard Smyth, Wild Ink|My pains, sometimes seem like witch hunters: confess, confess, confess. Like a heavy stone on my rib-cage.Confess to what?And, of course, I would confess, if only I knew what it was they wanted to hear.
Andy Warhol|Money has to serve, not to rule.
Oche Otorkpa|Globally, millions of married men and women engage the servicesof sex workers each year. Despite growing health concerns aboutthe increased risk of STDs and HIV AIDS this trade continues toblossom, leading to the premature termination of several lives andthe dissolution of several marriages.
Barbara Brown Taylor|The Church is the Body of Christ, and as such it is both heavenly and earthly. The Church is the communion of saints, and it includes as members both angels and shepherds - cherubim and seraphim, and you, and me.
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|I shower in the dark, barely able to tell soap from conditioner, and tell myself that I will emerge new and strong, that the water will heal me.
Henry Ford|Garret went across the street to the library. There was a hole in the sidewalk the size of a bathtub. Construction was being done, was always being done. It was the journey that mattered, Garret thought woozily, the getting-there part. The mayor, and then the president, had begun saying that. "And where are we going?" the mayor had asked. "When will we get there? What will happen to us once we get there?" He really wanted to know.
Paul P. Enns, Heaven Revealed: What Is It Like? What Will We Do?... And 11 Other Things You've Wondered About|Death brings release & removal from all evil, every tragedy & all difficulty. Death is not an enemy.
T. Scott McLeod, All That Is Unspoken|Nothing needs to be done, and things get done.
Henry Van Dyke, The Other Wise Man|Hope is a good thing, maybe the best of things. Hope is one of those things that you can't buy, but that will be freely given to you if you ask. Hope is the one thing people cannot live without. Hope is a thing of beauty.
Swami Chetanananda|It was back home that The Northern Lights cast these wondrous rainbows in the snow, and where Snugs used to play tag with the huge curtain of shining light that ran, even faster than the wind, across the vast snow-covered landscape.
Zack W. Van|The beauty that is in the results of your hard work, is not worth any compromise or delay
Gabriel King, The Wild Road|No one knows who they are more than someone who changes their identity (before I became a farmer, I was a leadership coach).
Cass McCombs|While it is true that Frank had a great sense of humor, he was also very serious about composing music. In reality there are only a handful of skilled players who can play his most complex pieces. It takes a lot of patience to learn and requires a fantastic memory.
Adam Cohen|We travel a lot and don't get enough time to spend with our family, and so we have to take our pictures, videos, also bother about things like which are the HD quality phones. So I'm very much a part of these typical things.
Farshad Asl|After that it was easy. It was the most impossible thing I’d ever done, but it was also easy. I held on to Jamie, and I kept moving forward.
Theodore Roosevelt|It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed.
Auliq Ice|When your enemy is tough make your actions rough, you will meet at the same point.
Donato Carrisi, The Lost Girls of Rome|This secular Leftist denial of human free will is one of the reasons the Left recoils from labeling evil as evil, and (correctly) ascribes talk about good and evil to the religious.
Nicolas Cage|It's not as though we can keep burning coal in our power plants. Coal is a finite resource, too. We must find alternatives, and it's a better idea to find alternatives sooner then wait until we run out of coal, and in the meantime, put God knows how many trillions of tons of CO2 that used to be buried underground into the atmosphere.
lauren klarfeld|A girl who travels will need someone that questions her, not too little, and not too much. She’ll need someone to read her, but also really listen to her. Because she’ll want to do the same. She’ll want a person that shares an interest but at the same time stays genuine to who they are. Not drown in a puddle of narcissism. And not drown in a lake of fascination.
Psyche Roxas-Mendoza|Life humbles the rich by giving them problems that money can’t resolve, or, dissolve.
John Green|In the New Testament our enemies are those who harbour hostility against us, not those against whom we cherish hostility, for Jesus refuses to reckon with such a possibility. The Christian must treat his enemy as a brother, and requite his hostility with love. His behaviour must be determined not by the way others treat him, but by the treatment he himself receives from Jesus; it has only one source, and that is the will of Jesus.
Jen Violi, Putting Makeup on Dead People|My heart broke when he died, split in half and fell down into my stomach or somewhere deep and muddy, and I'm still not sure where it is now. I hear it beating sometimes in my ears, or feel its fast pulse in my neck, like I do now; but in my chest, where it should be, it mostly just feels empty.
George Orwell, 1984|He examined the chess problem and set out the pieces. It was a tricky ending, involving a couple of knights.'White to play and mate in two moves.'Winston looked up at the portrait of Big Brother. White always mates, he thought with a sort of cloudy mysticism. Always, without exception, it is so arranged. In no chess problem since the beginning of the world has black ever won. Did it not symbolize the eternal, unvarying triumph of Good over Evil? The huge face gazed back at him, full of calm power. White always mates.
Barack Obama|It's 5 P.M. at the office. Working fast, you've finished your tasks for the day and want to go home. But none of your colleagues have left yet, so you stay another hour or two, surfing the Web and reading your e-mails again, so you don't come off as a slacker. It's an unfortunate reality that efficiency often goes unrewarded in the workplace.
Andy Weir, The Martian|Deep down, we all have our dark thoughts, Kathy. Mine are no different than any others. My life was planned for me, like my body was engineered to be what it is, a Prime Elite. But underneath it all I am still a man. Though I did not want this bonding at the beginning, it is now a part of me . . . and a part of you. We will work things out, my wife and we will do it together, that is what I accept. Also,” he adjusted his arm around her, feeling her discomfort. “I know that without you there is an emptiness that I cannot put into words. It is an emptiness that I will not live with. Thus, I do not wish to be free of you . . . ever.
Vineet Raj Kapoor|Depression is a Virus,handling it Once, Builds Your Immunity to it.
John Webster|Our believing has no power of itself; we certainly aren’t saved by belief. We’re saved by the grace and goodness and majesty of him in whom we believe—by the one whom we confess as we believe. In a real sense, our belief is nothing in and of itself. It’s simply a looking to him, a listening to him, in which we are wholly absorbed by that which we see and hear.
Arundhati Roy, The Cost of Living|Other than damnation I know no magic to satisfy your wishes; for ye believe one thing, desire another, speak unlike, act differently and obtain the living value.
Catherynne M. Valente, Six-Gun Snow White|This is what it means to be a woman in this world. Every step is a bargain with pain. Make your black deals in the black wood and decide what you’ll trade for power. For the opposite of weakness, which is not strength but hardness. I am a trap, but so is everything. Pick your price. I am a huckster with a hand in your pocket. I am freedom and I will eat your heart.
