David Levithan, Marly's Ghost|When the heart stops, you die. Love is everywhere that life is, and if there is no love for life, you die. Giving up on love is the same thing as giving up on life itself.
Ahmed Mostafa|Let me kiss you and take your breath away, we'll worry about resuscitating you later.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Tell me that the purpose of life is to have fun, and without a care in the world I'll begin wreaking havoc on everything I pass. Now that's what I call pure, honest fun.
Daniel H. Pink|Different is the salesman who shows respect for our intelligence, who tries to get us to express exactly what we ourselves wish, who listens to us as effectively as he talks to us, above all, who is cordial to us even after we have refused to sign
Amy Tan, The Bonesetter's Daughter|He thinks you're pretty." Genevieve yawned. "Guys always think you're pretty.""Well people think you look like me," I responded."They're only being nice." Her voice was hurt as she curled closer to me."They aren't being nice. You're beautiful, smart, and you know who you are. You're never afraid of saying what you believe in. I never want you to forget that, Genevieve," I spoke tenderly as I watched her eyes start to sag. "I love you, Genevieve.
Aaron D'Este, Weapon of Choice|Mick reached backwards without breaking eye contact and ran his hand across the door behind him, “See this?” he said. “This is my door. And no-one is touching my door today.” He shook his head slowly as if the issue wasn’t even up for debate.Surle said nothing, just stared.Mick swung his sword lazily, pointing towards the floor between himself and the infamous Marshal, “See this floor here? This floor is my porch,” he said. “And no-one is welcome on my porch today, especially you.”Still nothing from Surle, just silence.“So why don’t you just sod off like a good little lackey?
Peter Hedges, What's Eating Gilbert Grape|I left this conversation hours ago, but somehow my mouth is still moving, words are still forming, and none have seemed to offend. Amazing, the mind. My mind, I mean. Not hers.
Neil Gaiman, Coraline|Fairy tales are more than true: not because they tell us that dragons exist, but because they tell us that dragons can be beaten.
Yahtzee Croshaw, Mogworld|State your HURRAAARRGLAB,” went the monarch.“Mr. Wonderful,” said the advisor, daintily wiping the king’s mouth with a hanky. “What do we keep telling you about your interrogation methods? The information’s never reliable and it really hurts our image.”“It’s all right,” I sighed. “This is my actual face.
Abigail Biddinger|Either conquer the night, or become one of its conquests.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We see ourselves as self-sufficient, self-important, and self-sustaining. God sees us as dependent, self-centered, and self-deceived.
David Kenyon Webster, Parachute Infantry: An American Paratrooper's Memoir of D-Day and the Fall of the Third Reich|Well, I thought, climbing slowly out of the slit trench, the shells will catch us above ground now. But if you have to go, you have to go. F Company’s in trouble, and we have to help them. We’re in reserve, so we have to go. And if we’re shelled, we’re shelled. There is absolutely nothing we can do about it.
Andy Warhol|Business art is the step that comes after art. I started as a commercial artist, and I want to finish as a business artist. Being good in business is the most fascinating kind of art. During the hippie era people put down the idea of business. They’d say “money is bad” and “working is bad”. But making money is art, and working is art - and good business is the best art.
Jonathan Renshaw, Dawn of Wonder|I would rather be the person who steps in front of a whole gang to defend someone and gets beaten up for it than the person who watches from a safe hiding. There were times I hid, and I think the shame hurts more than the bruises would have.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Today we see social evil, terrorism, and gross immorality throughout the world. Someone has said, “A wrong deed is right if the majority of people declare it not to be wrong.”By this principle we can see our standards shiftingfrom year to year according to the popular vote!This new permissiveness is condoned by intelligent men and women,many of whom are found in the churches.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|Much more plausible is the computer-based explanation that dreams are a spillover from the unconscious processing of the day's experience, from the brain's decision on how much of the daily events temporarily stored in a kind of buffer to emplace in long-term memory... The American psychiatrist Ernest Hartmann of Tufts University has providedanecdotal but reasonably persuasive evidence that people who are engaged in intellectual activities during the day, especially unfamiliar intellectual activities, require more sleep at night, while, by and large, those engaged in mainly repetitive and intellectually unchallenging tasks are able to do with much less sleep.
C. JoyBell C.|Anger is an essential part of being human. People are taught to deny themselves anger, and in this, they are actually opening themselves up to hate. The more you deny yourself the freedom to be angry, the more you will hate. Let yourself be angry, and hate will disintegrate, and when hate disintegrates, forgiveness prevails! The more you deny that you are angry, in attempts to be "holy" the more inhuman you will become, and the more inhuman you will become, the harder it will be to forgive.
Marilyn Monroe|Never trust anyone completely but God. Love people, but put your full trust only in God.
Frank Norris|That taxes may be the ostensible cause is true, but that they are the true cause is as far remote from truth as light from darkness.
Karen Quan, Write like no one is reading 2|Love is when your heart melts like butter on toast; when you feel lightheaded and free. Most of all, you feel an ache to be with them, to look at them and to touch them.
Mouloud Benzadi|True happiness cannot not be achieved through wealth, fame or action, But through love, modesty and self satisfaction.
Ivan Illich, Deschooling Society|Schools are even less efficient in the arrangement of the circumstances which encourage the open-ended, exploratory use of acquired skills, for which I will reserve the term "liberal education." The main reason for this is that school is obligatory and becomes schooling for schooling's sake: an enforced stay in the company of teachers, which pays off in the doubtful privilege of more such company. Just as skill instruction must be freed from curricular restraints, so must liberal education be dissociated from obligatory attendance. Both skill-learningand education for inventive and creative behavior can be aided by institutional arrangement, but they are of a different, frequently opposed nature.
Samantha Young, Hero|As I said, it comes with a price.” His grin was wicked and I suddenly felt a little breathless. “I’m a hard man to please. And I’m also a very busy man. You’ll do what I want when I want and I won’t always be nice about it. In fact, considering what your surname is, you can pretty much guarantee I won’t be nice about it.
Jaeda DeWalt|Imagination is our inner-child and creativity, its playground.
S.S. Van Dine|We all do things in a certain individual way, according to our temperaments. Every human act — no matter how large or how small— is a direct expression of  a man's personality, and bears the inevitable impress of his nature.
Azzedine Alaia|I talked to ex-wives of musicians of the '70s for research. They're the funniest people in the world, yet there is this sad, beautiful thing in their eyes that says they've seen more than they could ever possibly tell you.
Harry Truman|He felt that he was still groping in the dark; he had chosen his path but kept looking back, wondering whether he had misread the signs, whether he should not have taken the other way.
Karl G. Maeser, School and Fireside|All these men recognized what they themselves valued, and lived according to these values regardless of their relationship to the values of their community. Each lived according to what brought them happiness and peace rather than commonplace prescriptions of the multitudes.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|When you make choices, please remember: what is good for you but not good for others won’t be good for you either, eventually; what’s good for you and others but not good for the Earth won’t be good for you or others either, eventually; what’s good for you, others, and the Earth will be good for all.
Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality|The crazy creatives are the creatives who never go completely mad. They aren't so easily disheartened by the seemingly endless amounts of scrutiny that creative individuals tend to receive because they, like insanity, are the ones who feed off of opposition and negative feedback and manage to continue along with a healthy ambition. It is the crazy that teaches us to use our gifts wisely and own all the attackers.
Karen Cushman, Rodzina|[in the context of 1881] "Don't you want to get married and have babies? Mrs. Bergman used to say that women need-" "What women need is more exercise, shorter skirts, and their own way once in a while.
Anne Rice|There is one purpose to life and one only: to bear witness to and understand as much as possible of the complexity of the world -- its beauty, its mysteries, its riddles. The more you understand, the more you look, the greater is your enjoyment of life and your sense of peace. That's all there is to it. Everything else is fun and games. If an activity is not grounded in "to love" or "to learn" it does not have value.
Werley Nortreus|The 1790 Naturalization law determined that "free white persons" could naturalize after two years of residency, and established that the children of citizens would also be citizens. Soon after, in 1795, Congress extended the residency period to five years, and in 1798 extended the residency requirement even further, to fourteen years.
Naftali Bennett|There is one thing higher than Royalty: and that is religion, which causes us to leave the world, and seek God.
Lois Greiman, Unscrewed|In 50 years it won't matter if he's handsome, ugly, or dumb as a post, just try to find someone who don't make you want to shove a pitchfork up his nose.
Germany Kent|When the vision is clear, the results will appear. Keep your mindset positive as you work your plan, flourish, and always remember why you started.
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|If [the loss of fertility of the soil and the loss of soil as a renewable resource] does happen, we are familiar enough with the nature of American salesmanship to know that it will be done in the name of the starving millions, in the name of liberty, justice, democracy, and brotherhood, and to free the world from communism. We must, I think, be prepared to see, and to stand by, the truth: that the land should not be destroyed for any reason, not even for any apparently good reason. We must be prepared to say that enough food, year after year, is possible only for a limited number of peaople, and that this possibility can be preserved only by the steadfast, knowledgeable care of those people.
Cinda Williams Chima, The Sorcerer Heir|Knowledge is power. In the wrong hands, knowledge is trouble.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If the path is beautiful, all you have to do when walking in that path is to be beautiful so as to not ruin the beauty of the path!
Nadia Scrieva|The heart knows the immensity it wants to achieve, but it is limited.
Krista Van Dolzer, The Sound of Life and Everything|Lots of folks know stuff we don't, but that doesn't make 'em smart.
Rabindranath Tagore|Beauty is in the ideal of perfect harmony which is in the Universal Being; Truth the perfect comprehension of the Universal Mind. We individuals approach it through our own mistakes and blunders, through our accumulated experiences, through our illumined consciousness — how, otherwise, can we know Truth?
Catherynne M. Valente|When you’re late in a fairy tale, people wind up dead. And not true-love’s-kiss, glass-coffin-nap-time dead. Really dead, the kind of dead you don’t recover from.
Michael Ende|Why should any man have power over any other man's faith, seeing Christ Himself is the author of it?
Robert G. Ingersoll, The Liberty of Man, Woman and Child|With every drop of my blood I hate and execrate every form of tyranny, every form of slavery. I hate dictation. I love liberty.
Brandan Roberston, Nomad: A spirituality for travelling light|Allowing myself to wander off into the vast jungles of religion and spirituality has often led to me stumbling upon life altering new ways of thinking, living, and being.
John Scalzi, Lock In|[God] disciplines us for our good, that we may share His holiness.
Susanna Kaysen, Girl, Interrupted|Why did she do it? Nobody dared to ask. Because - what courage! Who had the courage to burn herself? Twenty aspirin, a little slit alongside the veins of the arm, maybe even a bad half hour standing on a roof: We've all had those. And somewhat more dangerous things, like putting a gun in your mouth. But you put it there, you taste it, it's cold and greasy, your finger is on the trigger, and you find that a whole world lies between this moment and the moment you've been planning, when you'll pull the trigger. That world defeats you. You put the gun back in the drawer. You'll have to find another way.What was that moment like for her? The moment she lit the match. Had she already tried roofs and guns and aspirins? Or was it just an inspiration?I had an inspiration once. I woke up one morning and I knew that today I had to swallow fifty aspirin. It was my task: my job for the day. I lined them up on my desk and took them one by one, counting. But it's not the same as what she did. I could have stopped, at ten, or at thirty. And I could have done what I did do, which was go onto the street and faint. Fifty aspirin is a lot of aspirin, but going onto the street and fainting is like putting the gun back in the drawer.She lit the match.
Henna Inam, Wired for Authenticity: Seven Practices to Inspire, Adapt, & Lead|Authenticity is our natural state of being. The authentic self is a state of being where we are centered, creative, adaptive, and inspired.
Paul Johnson|The communist regime in the East could stand and grow due to the enthusiastic support from an enormous number of Western intellectuals who felt a kinship and refused to see communism's crimes. When they no longer could do so, they tried to justify them.
Willie Parker|The part of you that's like God is the part that makes a choice. That says, I choose to. Or, I choose not to. That's what's sacred.
Kazuo Ishiguro|It had never occurred to me that our lives, which had been so closely interwoven, could unravel with such speed.
Lisa Genova, Still Alice|Be creative, be useful, be practical, be generous and finish big
Kimberly Dana, Lucy and CeCee's How to Survive (and Thrive) in Middle School|Middle school is kind of like Middle-earth. It’s a magical journey filled with elves, dwarves, hobbits, queens, kings, and a few corrupt wizards. Word to the wise: pick your traveling companions well. Ones with the courage and moral fiber to persevere. Ones who wield their lip gloss like magic wands when confronted with danger. This way, when you pass through the congested hallways rife with pernicious diversion, you achieve your desired destination—or at least your next class.-CeCee, Lucy and CeCee's How to Survive (and Thrive) in Middle School
Susan Jeffers, Feel the Fear and Do It Anyway|If we would aim at perfection in any thing, simplicity must not be overlooked.
Anthony Liccione|We must take sides. Neutrality helps the oppressor, never the victim. Silent encourages the tormentor, never the tormented.
Anthony Liccione|Treat your friends as you do your pictures, and place them in their best light.
Lisa Ann Sandell, A Map of the Known World|I shuffle along, letting the current pull me, and i have the sense that I am like a rat caught in a maze of tunnels, moving endlessly toward some promise of...of what? Light? Life? Cheese?
Saji Ijiyemi|Without longsuffering, it is impossible to be a successful leader.
David Sedaris|I'm sure they didn't notice anything but you. You should wear flames more often," he says. "They suit you.
Deyth Banger|We need to bless instead of condemning, we need to learn to stand for the truth of God and for our rights
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|His themes were not pride and love at all, though he used the words perpetually; as he used them they meant self-praise and hate. He talked a great deal about Truth also, for he was, he said, “cutting down beneath the veneer of civilization.”It is a durable, ubiquitous, specious metaphor, that one about veneer (or paint, or pliofilm, or whatever) hiding the nobler reality beneath. It can conceal a dozen fallacies at once. One of the most dangerous is the implication that civilization, being artificial, is unnatural: that it is the opposite of primitiveness… Of course there is no veneer, the process is one of growth, and primitiveness and civilization are degrees of the same thing. If civilization has an opposite, it is war. Of those two things, you have either one, or the other. Not both.
Shomprakash Sinha Roy, The Pink Smoke|The nineteenth was the first century of human sympathy, -- the age when half wonderingly we began to descry in others that transfigured spark of divinity which we call Myself; when clodhoppers and peasants, and tramps and thieves, and millionaires and -- sometimes -- Negroes, became throbbing souls whose warm pulsing life touched us so nearly that we half gasped with surprise, crying, "Thou too! Hast Thou seen Sorrow and the dull waters of Hopelessness? Hast Thou known Life?
Jens Peter Jacobsen, Niels Lyhne|Only a very careless father would be inclined to tell you what I'm going to tell you. I suppose I'm about to act like the disreputable uncle who everyone fears to leave the boys with because he encourages them to drink distilled spirits, stay up late, and do more than merely kiss girls." "Uh... what?" Mags replied, utterly bewildered now."I am going," Jakyr said, leaning toward Mags, his eyes dancing with laughter, "to tell you how to please a woman."Max thought for a moment his face that caught fire, because surely it couldn't burn like that without some outside help.
GloZell|The Internet is just bringing all kinds of information into the home. There's just a lot of distraction, a lot of competition for the parent's voice to resonate in the children's ears.
Thomas Hardy, The Return of the Native|In true community we will not choose our companions, for our choices are so often limited by self-serving motives. Instead, our companions will be given to us by grace. Often they will be persons who will upset our settled view of self and world. In fact, we might define true community as that place where the person you least want to live with lives….Community will teach us that our grip on truth is fragile and incomplete, that we need many ears o hear the fullness of God’s word for our lives. And the disappointments of community life can be transformed by our discovery that the only dependable power for life lies beyond all human structures and relationships.In this religious grounding lies the only real hedge against the risk of disappointment in seeking community. That risk can be borne only if it is not community one seeks, but truth, light, God. Do not commit yourself to community, but commit yourself to God…In that commitment you will find yourself drawn into community.Parker Palmer, A Place Called Community, 1977
Lailah Gifty Akita|To live without love, is to have no light.
Elizabeth Gilbert|Look for God, suggests my Guru. Look for God like a man with his head on fire looks for water.
Unknown|We are all brands. Some have been discovered, some aren’t.
Mark F. LaMoure|Climb the ladder of success, by always presenting your best self. Practice being exceptional at what you do.
Michael A. Mullett, The Catholic Reformation|I feel it respectful to observe and practice new customs, if I am to ever understand what it truly means to be human.
Ming-Dao Deng, Everyday Tao: Living with Balance and Harmony|If you have a good idea, use it so that you will not only accomplish something, but so that you can make room for new ones to flow into you.
J.R. Ward, Lover Unbound|Tell you what, you let me go, and I’ll ask you plenty of questions about your race. Until then, I’m slightly distracted with how this little vacation on the good ship Holy Sh*t is going to pan out for me.
Orhan Pamuk, Snow|...every life is like a snowflake: individual existences might look identical from afar, but to understand one´s own eternally mysterious uniqueness one had only to plot the mysteries of one´s own snowflake.
Aditi Vyas|Reality. I am stuck. I am hostage to my own destination. When I close my eyes, my wings can take me anywhere in the universe. I abandon myself and I soar. Where only the most profound and intense souls can withstand the sick atmospheres.
Cory Gardner|One of the things I've been taught by Native American elders is the importance of patience, of waiting to do things when the time is right.
Charles Hazlewood|I never even wanted to be an actress. I studied mass communication and wanted to study law in Newcastle, for which I even got a scholarship. But by then, I had started modelling. So, I took a year off to decide what to do. But once you are used to working, it's difficult to get back to studies.
Théophile Gautier, Mademoiselle de Maupin|What is the use of beauty in woman? Provided a woman is physically well made and capable of bearing children, she will always be good enough in the opinion of economists.What is the use of music? -- of painting? Who would be fool enough nowadays to prefer Mozart to Carrel, Michael Angelo to the inventor of white mustard?There is nothing really beautiful save what is of no possible use. Everything useful is ugly, for it expresses a need, and man's needs are low and disgusting, like his own poor, wretched nature. The most useful place in a house is the water-closet.For my part, saving these gentry's presence, I am of those to whom superfluities are necessaries, and I am fond of things and people in inverse ratio to the service they render me. I prefer a Chinese vase with its mandarins and dragons, which is perfectly useless to me, to a utensil which I do use, and the particular talent of mine which I set most store by is that which enables me not to guess logogriphs and charades. I would very willingly renounce my rights as a Frenchman and a citizen for the sight of an undoubted painting by Raphael, or of a beautiful nude woman, -- Princess Borghese, for instance, when she posed for Canova, or Julia Grisi when she is entering her bath. I would most willingly consent to the return of that cannibal, Charles X., if he brought me, from his residence in Bohemia, a case of Tokai or Johannisberg; and the electoral laws would be quite liberal enough, to my mind, were some of our streets broader and some other things less broad. Though I am not a dilettante, I prefer the sound of a poor fiddle and tambourines to that of the Speaker's bell. I would sell my breeches for a ring, and my bread for jam. The occupation which best befits civilized man seems to me to be idleness or analytically smoking a pipe or cigar. I think highly of those who play skittles, and also of those who write verse. You may perceive that my principles are not utilitarian, and that I shall never be the editor of a virtuous paper, unless I am converted, which would be very comical.Instead of founding a Monthyon prize for the reward of virtue, I would rather bestow -- like Sardanapalus, that great, misunderstood philosopher -- a large reward to him who should invent a new pleasure; for to me enjoyment seems to be the end of life and the only useful thing on this earth. God willed it to be so, for he created women, perfumes, light, lovely flowers, good wine, spirited horses, lapdogs, and Angora cats; for He did not say to his angels, 'Be virtuous,' but, 'Love,' and gave us lips more sensitive than the rest of the skin that we might kiss women, eyes looking upward that we might behold the light, a subtile sense of smell that we might breathe in the soul of the flowers, muscular limbs that we might press the flanks of stallions and fly swift as thought without railway or steam-kettle, delicate hands that we might stroke the long heads of greyhounds, the velvety fur of cats, and the polished shoulder of not very virtuous creatures, and, finally, granted to us alone the triple and glorious privilege of drinking without being thirsty, striking fire, and making love in all seasons, whereby we are very much more distinguished from brutes than by the custom of reading newspapers and framing constitutions.
Frederick Nymeyer, Progressive Calvinism. Volume I, 1955: Essays Against Sanctimony and Legalized Coercion|Mis-define the law of brotherly love by giving men a claim on their neighbors and you have destroyed freedom, justified despotism, and assumed that there can be a master mind, in an ordinary human being, as the mind of God.
George R.R. Martin, Dreamsongs, Volume I|Lie to yourself if you want, but you’re not fooling me. Your excuses tell me that you didn’t really want it.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Nations and governments come and go, but people remain, and therefore people are the ultimate foundation of what is real and worthy.
Twyla Tharp|If you want to build a ship, don't drum up people to collect wood and don't assign them tasks and work, but rather teach them to long for the endless immensity of the sea.
Dada Bhagwan|The Soul that sits within is ready to give everything, but not even for a moment has one had the faith 'I won't ever have any problems'. If this faith is ever established, there will be no problems. All this is like the priest saying, 'God is asleep'. Would God ever sleep? But then one loses all confidence. God is constantly aware and resides within. It is possible to attain whatever energies you want by asking for them.
Dr. Seuss|Be yourself, don't take anything from anyone, and never let them take you alive.
James Herriot|Kittens are wide-eyed, soft and sweet. With needles in their jaws and feet.
William Golding, A Moving Target|Perhaps the various burnings of the Alexandria Library were necessary, like those Australian Forest Fires without which the new seeds cannot burst their shells and make a young, healthy forest.
Ron Paul|The danger to society is not merely that it should believe wrong things, though that is great enough; but that it should become credulous, and lose the habit of testing things and inquiring into them; for then it must sink back into savagery.
Ken Robinson, The Element: How Finding Your Passion Changes Everything|The Element is about discovering your self, and you can't do this if you're trapped in a compulsion to conform. You can't be yourself in a swarm.
Abraham Lincoln|Win or lose, I believe in giving my best and that is what I always do.
Amie Kaufman, Illuminae|We thought we were the only thinking beings in the universe, until we met you, but never did we dream that thought could arise from the lonely animals who cannot dream each other's dreams.
Marcus Buckingham, First, Break All the Rules: What the World's Greatest Managers Do Differently|Going in the known is like knowing the rules, once you know it... better you will do it.
Martin Hunter|A hundred pounds! He couldn't remember ever having seen a hundred pounds, all at one time. He found himself envying his father, who had nothing to worry about except the future of mankind.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|We tend to think that refusing to exalt Christ is staying true to our self-will and personal freedom when really we are condemning ourselves. Sure, we can pretend to stay true to ourselves, but if you want to talk about reality, all of that is completely trivial if this life is an island and He's the only pilot with a plane and a flight plan.
Paul Manafort|If a relationship has to be a secret, you shouldn't be in it.
Debi Mazar|I've got a quad copter on my Christmas list, as I suspect quite a few people do.
Lemony Snicket, The End|In any case, this is how all our stories begin, in darkness with our eyes closed, and all our stories end the same way, too, with all of us uttering some last words—or perhaps someone else’s—before slipping back into darkness as our series of unfortunate events comes to an end.
Emily H. Sturgill, Sex in the Kitchen Sink: Poetry and Art|Poetry was not meant to be a workhorse; it was not designed to paint pretty moral pictures of life; it was not brought into being to confuse us with cryptograms, or high platitudes, or pompous pretensions. The poet was meant to be a seer; he was designed to run toward the intensities and magnificences of life, to bathe his hands in reality. But where the mystic ran toward Reality in silence and lost himself in it, the poet as soon as he had experienced it, ran back toward humanity crying the good news and putting it into shimmering webs of words.
Deyth Banger|Dreams are horrible, to don't talk about nightmares they are more often. But there is always one gift from a person which you know is dead, that's how it works and it will continue to work.
Cindi Madsen, Getting Lucky Number Seven|As for the making out with strangers, that was a one-time thing. Jeff keeps texting, and I feel bad, but I've been ignoring him -- the kissing was just so awful.""Yeah, he'd probably not be a good choice for number seven either.
Laura L. Sullivan, Love by the Morning Star|I'm rarely rude except accidentally, and that doesn't really count...
Becky Chambers|She kills her words, but somehow the feeling survives. And no matter where she buries them, he always sees them in her eyes.
Writing Chief|As Antiquus's son, I was next in line to be the leader of my village... But leadership is not inherited. It is earned through action.
Shayne Leighton, Of Light and Darkness|Aww." Sarah patted Mr Trinozka on one of his shoulders. "How cute are you?" She turned to Charlotte. "I love country monsters." Sarah, Witch of the 13th Generation
Zoe Cruz, Beastia|I’ll rid the world of each one of you,” he whispered. “Every single one…
Martin Amis, The Second Plane: 14 Responses to September 11|Religious belief is without reason and without dignity, and its record is near-universally dreadful.
Emil M. Cioran, The Trouble with Being Born|It is not worth the bother of killing yourself, since you always kill yourself too late.
Machado de Assis, The Devil's Church and Other Stories|To him the stars seemed like so many musical notes affixed to the sky, just waiting for somebody to unfasten them. Someday the sky would be emptied, but by then the earth would be a constellation of musical scores
Noah Benshea, Jacob the Baker: Gentle Wisdom For a Complicated World|I am an old man, and I am dying...Will you remember me, Jacob?"I promise, one day, I will join you, Mr. Gold."Mr. Gold's laughter sounded like a trumpet and brought light to the corners of the room.
Alan Dershowitz|In Italy, for 30 years under the Borgias, they had warfare, terror, murder and bloodshed, but they produced Michelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci and the Renaissance. In Switzerland they had brotherly love, they had 500 years of democracy and peace - and what did that produce? The cuckoo clock.
Renee Ruin, Wounds: Volume 1|You fear no inferno when you are born amidst flames.It’s another flesh wound, another lasting burn.Carry them with you.
Rainer Maria Rilke, The Notebooks of Malte Laurids Brigge|Who is there today who still cares about a well-finished death? No one. Even the rich, who could after all afford this luxury, are beginning to grow lazy and indifferent; the desire to have a death of one's own is becoming more and more rare. In a short time it will be as rare as a life of one's own.
James McBride, The Good Lord Bird|Whatever you is, Onion," he said, "be it full.
Ellen DeGeneres, Seriously... I'm Kidding|If your Birthday is on Christmas day and you're not Jesus, you should start telling people your birthday is on June 9 or something. Just read up on the traits of a Gemini. Suddenly you're a multitasker who loves the color yellow. Because not only do you get stuck with them combo gift, you get the combo song. "We wish you a merry Christmas - and happy birthday, Terry - we wish you a merry Christmas - happy birthday, Terry - we wish you a merry Christmas and a happy New Ye - Birthday, Terry!
Don DeLillo, White Noise|Supermarkets this large and clean and modern are a revelation to me. I spent my life in small steamy delicatessens with slanted display cabinets full of trays that hold soft wet lumpy matter in pale colours. High enough cabinets so you had to stand on tiptoes to give your order. Shouts, accents. In cities no one notices specific dying. Dying is a quality of the air. It's everywhere and nowhere. Men shout as they die to be noticed, remembered for a second or two. To die in an apartment instead of a house can depress the soul, I would imagine, for several lives to come. In a town there are houses, plants in bay windows. People notice dying better. The dead have faces, automobiles. If you don't know a name you know a street name, a dog's name. 'He drove an orange Mazda.' You know a couple of useless things about a person that become major facts of identification and cosmic placement when he dies suddenly, after a short illness, in his own bed, with a comforter and matching pillows, on a rainy Wednesday afternoon, feverish, a little congested in the sinuses and chest, thinking about his dry cleaning.
Linda Grayson|There is nothing better than a friend, unless it is a friend with chocolate.
Jack Kornfield, Seeking the Heart of Wisdom: The Path of Insight Meditation|Meditation practice is neither holding on nor avoiding; it is a settling back into the moment, opening to what is there.
Hillary Wen, Hildy Wen|One day when I die, I will take your tears in me; as provision for my long journey to the gods.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|I do not believe anyone can be perfectly well, who has a brain and a heart
Vicki Lesage, Confessions of a Paris Party Girl|Every rose has it's thorn, but that doesn't mean you have to put up with a ton of pricks.
Monte Reel, Between Man and Beast: An Unlikely Explorer, the Evolution Debates, and the African Adventure That Took the Victorian World by Storm|Mummy became a shadow, a woman who had lost herself because she had never found herself. She had always done the right thing, and I had a feeling that the right thing is always going to be the wrong thing, that you find yourself by stepping out of yourself.
Karla M. Nashar, Bellamore: A Beautiful Love To Remember|Love covers all shortcomings and failures, overlooks one's mistakes and does not bring to mind one's past mistakes - My Last Letter, Chapter 1
Bella Andre, Love Me|She's a slinky sort of person, no angles at all; and magnetic - you can't take your eyes off her. She's dressed like a Westerner, but her eyes have a slant to them. They are the eyes of an Easterner. She doesn't walk like our women do, she seems to writhe all in one piece - undulates is the word. ("Kiss Of The Cobra")
Ralph Waldo Emerson, The Conduct of Life: A Philosophical Reading|There are some upon this earth of yours who lay claim to know us, and who do their deeds of passion, pride, ill-will, hatred, envy, bigotry, and selfishness in our name; who are as strange to us and all our kith and kin, as if they had never lived. Remember that, and charge their doings on themselves, not us.
Diana, Princess of Wales|I knew that something profound was coming my way and I was just treading water, waiting for it. I didn't know what it was. I didn't know where it was. I didn't know if it was coming next year or next month. But I knew I was different from my friends in where I was going.
Tom Regan|Animals! the object of insatiable interest, examples of the riddle of life, created, as it were, to reveal the human being to man himself, displaying his richness and complexity in a thousand kaleidoscopic possibilities, each of them brought to some curious end, to some characteristic exuberance.
W.B. Yeats, The Celtic Twilight: Faerie and Folklore|Be leery of silence. It doesn't mean you won the argument. Often, people are just busy reloading their guns.
James Joyce|A dark horse riderless, bolts like a phantom past the winning post, his mane moonflowing, his eyeballs stars.
Charles Duhigg|I'm actually a fan of all of the EA Sports titles like 'Tiger Woods,' 'Madden,' and I'm really looking forward to buying 'NBA Street V3.'
Hunter S. Thompson, Hell's Angels: A Strange and Terrible Saga|A man is never so vulnerable in a battle as when he flees," Lord Eddard has told Jon once. "A running man is like a wounded animal to a soldier. It gets his bloodlust up.
Mark Batterson, Draw the Circle: The 40 Day Prayer Challenge|Nolan Bushnell, the creator of the Atari video game system, once stated, ‘Everyone who’s ever taken a shower has had an idea, It’s the person who gets out of the shower, dries off, and does something about it who makes a difference.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Now is the time that we make conscientious efforts towards becoming a real wise species, free from all sorts of bigotry, mysticism and sectarianism.
Brian Wood, Starve #4|Don't just live your life, set it on fire!
M. Basilea Schlink|We are apathetic and indifferent towards our sins, and we are usually not disturbed by them at all. We are more likely to weep over what is done to us, or over difficult leadings. We weep over our sorrows, troubles and disappointments. Each one of us does so, for this is our human nature.But not everyone comes to the point of true contrition and repentance and weeps over his sins. Such reactions are foreign to human nature. The human heart has a way of thinking that it is always in the right and has no need to weep over its sins. By nature, we are self-confident and impenitent. We blame others or even accuse God when we do not understand His ways.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|If God really valued loyalty, He would have blessed every single believer before He even considered blessing a single nonbeliever.
Kamand Kojouri|Is it odd, my love, that I envy others who have not met you for the intoxication they have yet to experience? Is it odd that I wish to witness you with new eyes so I may have the pleasure of falling for you all over again? I am grateful, so grateful, for knowing the meaning of your various sighs. For being the cause of your ecstatic cries. But, if only for a moment, I wish to let you fall out of my hands so that I may catch you again. You, my love, are the oddity. You are my exception.
Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth|The idea to go West just fell into my lap from the sky. Go west, young man. That’s how the best ideas happen. Just out of nowhere. When you’re not even thinking. Like they’ve been created for you and you just have to reach out and grab them before someone else does.
Erik Pevernagie|I have just put this to see how much people can think, how much just follow what I say without thinking... (Just Simple Psychology)
Neil Gaiman, Season of Mists|October knew, of course, that the action of turning a page, of ending a chapter or shutting a book, did not end the tale.Having admitted that, he would also avow that happy endings were never difficult to find: "It is simply a matter," he explained to April, "of finding a sunny place in a garden, where the light is golden and the grass is soft; somewhere to rest, to stop reading, and to be content.
Sunday Adelaja|After losing you job, you have to sit, relax and discover yourself
Charles Dickens, The Chimes|A man may live to be as old as Methuselah,’ said Mr. Filer, ‘and may labour all his life for the benefit of such people as those; and may heap up facts on figures, facts on figures, facts on figures, mountains high and dry; and he can no more hope to persuade ’em that they have no right or business to be married, than he can hope to persuade ’em that they have no earthly right or business to be born. And that we know they haven’t. We reduced it to a mathematical certainty long ago!
Christine Fonseca, Mea Culpa|Each memory rips through me, and although I stow myself against the emotions, I can’t prevent the pain that accompanies each image. Pain for a love never acknowledged, pain for a friendship now gone. Pain for a loss I can’t possibly endure.
Bill Bryson, A Walk in the Woods|Distance changes utterly when you take the world on foot. A mile becomes a long way, two miles literally considerable, ten miles whopping, fifty miles at the very limits of conception. The world, you realize, is enormous in a way that only you and a small community of fellow hikers know. Planetary scale is your little secret.Life takes on a neat simplicity, too. Time ceases to have any meaning. When it is dark, you go to bed, and when it is light again you get up, and everything in between is just in between. It’s quite wonderful, really.You have no engagements, commitments, obligations, or duties; no special ambitions and only the smallest, least complicated of wants; you exist in a tranquil tedium, serenely beyond the reach of exasperation, “far removed from the seats of strife,” as the early explorer and botanist William Bartram put it. All that is required of you is a willingness to trudge.There is no point in hurrying because you are not actually going anywhere. However far or long you plod, you are always in the same place: in the woods. It’s where you were yesterday, where you will be tomorrow. The woods is one boundless singularity. Every bend in the path presents a prospect indistinguishable from every other, every glimpse into the trees the same tangled mass. For all you know, your route could describe a very large, pointless circle. In a way, it would hardly matter.At times, you become almost certain that you slabbed this hillside three days ago, crossed this stream yesterday, clambered over this fallen tree at least twice today already. But most of the time you don’t think. No point. Instead, you exist in a kind of mobile Zen mode, your brain like a balloon tethered with string, accompanying but not actually part of the body below. Walking for hours and miles becomes as automatic, as unremarkable, as breathing. At the end of the day you don’t think, “Hey, I did sixteen miles today,” any more than you think, “Hey, I took eight-thousand breaths today.” It’s just what you do.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Keep dreaming,Keep hoping,Keep lovingKeep giving,keep motivating,Keep forgiving,Keep praying,Keep tithing,Keep sharing your testimony.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|You don't seem to need many qualifications to liaise with Muggles; all they want is an OWL in Muggle Studies. ''Much more important is your enthusiasm, patience and a good sense of fun.'' - ''You'd need more than a good sense of fun to liaise with my uncle'', said Harry darkly .''Good sense of when to duck more like.
Chris Lowe|Children are my pet cause. I have a foster child in El Salvador, and whenever I'm home, I work for the Adam Walsh Foundation, which finds missing children. I also do some hospital visits and other things for the Make-a-Wish Foundation.
Albert Pike|When one teaches, two learn.
Anthony Liccione|A tormented mind wants to forget, what a broken heart will always remember.
Jon Meacham|My philosophy is I'm raising future adults, not children.
Austin Phelps, The Still Hour or Communion With God|The consciousness of Divine friendship in devotion, so far from being impaired, is deepened by holy veneration. The purest and most lasting human friendships are permeated with an element of reverence; much more this friendship of a man with God.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|It's not about who you used to be, it's about who you have become.
Ally Carter, United We Spy|I think you’re freaked about what happened at Cambridge. I think it scared you."“I’ve been through worse, Bex,” I said, joining her on the lower stairs. “Way worse.”“Oh, not the attack.” Bex raised her finger in contradiction. “What happened before the attack. I think you saw the future. Which is kind of freaky when - two months ago - you didn’t think you were going to have one.
Mehmet Murat ildan|To cleave wood is a common every-day business, and yet it has its dangers; so then, reader, there are dangers connected with your calling and daily life which it will be well for you to be aware of. Your occupation may be as humble as log splitting, and yet the devil can tempt you in it. Nowhere is he safe who thinks himself so.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|That is fundamentally the only courage which is demanded of us: to be brave in the face of the strangest, most singular and most inexplicable things that can befall us
Marshall McLuhan|The job of art is not to store moments of experience but to explore environments that are otherwise invisible. Art is not a retrieval system of precious moments of past cultures. Art has a live, ongoing function. McLuhan CD-ROM
Anna Quindlen|I've felt real pain, and sometimes I channel the exhale coming out of that to write, and those are the songs that give me the most power and the most strength.
Fred Perry|Never, for the sake of peace and quiet, deny your own experience or convictions.
Azra Tabassum, Shaking the Trees|Hold everything very carefully unless it is your lover’s back. Then, become metal, become teeth, do not gentle yourself for any man. Do not change for the ones who think thatyou should be softer, less mouth, less voice. You do not owe regrowth to anyone but yourself. When they begin to ask for you to shape yourself around them, leave. Shut the door firmly. Do not look back.
Sharon Sant, Runners|It was a room full of ghosts, arranged in readiness for days that would never happen.
Elizabeth Hoyt, Duke of Midnight|Holding her gaze, he sheathed his short sword and pulled the gauntlet off his left hand with his teeth. He held out his bare hand t
Eric Kripke|But there was a monster lurking in the deepest, blackest corners of his soul. An angry, slathering, vengeful beast, who had a mouth full of butcher knives and a tongue that dripped acid. A monster who ached for freedom. A monster that longed to flay the very soul from his victims, that monster was called the Darkrider.
Gwendoline Riley|I think they're being cheap with their lives, that's why. So they seem ravenous for the worst thoughts I can have.
Zoe Chant, Firefighter Pegasus|How about this then." Chase shifted on the bed. Even without looking, Connie knew he was leaning over earnestly, his brilliant, lying black eyes full of sincerity. "I've missed you desperately. I'm overjoyed to find you again. Will you marry me?
V. E. Schwab|I have been here before as a spirit - this is just my physical body, it is just an overcoat. And at death, you will take the overcoat off.
The Life And Opinions of Tristram Shandy|The Republic's most wanted criminal is just a boy, sitting before me, suddenly vulnerable, laying all his weaknesses out for me to see.
Michael  Grant, BZRK|I need you both to trust me," Vincent said. "I don't mean that I would like you to trust me. I mean that I need you to trust me.
Deyth Banger|No Amish woman would dare to confide, even in her sister, that a man's very presence made her heart quicken and her senses tingle.
Morrissey|Because you wear a uniform, a smelly uniform...and so you think you can be rude to me.
Karen Quan, Write like no one is reading|I have always wanted to give you the world, so I started giving you pieces of the oceans that kept us apart.
Norman Schwarzkopf|To show that a comedian on stage in India talking about sanitation or in South Africa talking about HIV and AIDS awareness, if you follow the joke into their lives, you can see that, like, oh, these things aren't just contrived in joke books. This is real life. I think the best comedians have that bravery and courage to say, Oh, this is what it is.
Vironika Tugaleva|The same way that a tiny thought in our childhood can manifest thirty years later as an anxiety disorder, one tiny thought right now can manifest just six months from now as unconditional love and unshakable happiness.
Percy Bysshe Shelley|Kiss me, so long but as a kiss may last!
Larry Brown|I'm the foe of moderation  the champion of excess. If I may lift a line from a die-hard whose identity is lost in the shuffle  "I'd rather be strongly wrong than weakly right."
James Joyce, A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man|You have asked me what I would do and what I would not do. I will tell you what I will do and what I will not do. I will not serve that in which I no longer believe, whether it call itself my home, my fatherland, or my church: and I will try to express myself in some mode of life or art as freely as I can and as wholly as I can, using for my defence the only arms I allow myself to use— silence, exile, and cunning.
Sue Fitzmaurice|What it means to be authentic:- to be more concerned with truth than opinions- to be sincere and not pretend- to be free from hypocrisy: "walk your talk"- to know who you are and to be that person- to not fear others seeing your vulnerabilities- being confident to walk away from situations where you can't be yourself- being awake to your own feelings- being free from others' opinions of you- accepting and loving yourself
Ellen J. Barrier, The Price We Must Pay for Our Father's Sins|Characters should be interchangeable as between one book and another. The entire corpus of existing literature should be regarded as a limbo from which discerning authors could draw their characters as required, creating only when they failed to find a suitable existing puppet. The modern novel should be largely a work of reference. Most authors spend their time saying what has been said before – usually said much better. A wealth of references to existing works would acquaint the reader instantaneously with the nature of each character, would obviate tiresome explanations and would effectively preclude mountebanks, upstarts, thimble-riggers and persons of inferior education from an understanding of contemporary literature.
Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation|The happy man needs nothing and no one. Not that he holds himself aloof, for indeed he is in harmony with everything and everyone; everything is "in him"; nothing can happen to him. The same may also be said for the contemplative person; he needs himself alone; he lacks nothing.
Debasish Mridha|If you don't fear the failure, then failures are the best muscle builder.
Jason Read|How skillful to tax the middle class to pay for the relief of the poor, building resentment on top of humiliation! How adroit to bus poor black youngsters into poor white neighborhoods, in a violent exchange of impoverished schools, while the schools of the rich remain untouched and the wealth of the nation, doled out carefully where children need free milk, is drained for billion-dollar aircraft carriers. How ingenious to meet the demands of blacks and women for equality by giving them small special benefits, and setting them in competition with everyone else for jobs made scares by an irrational, wasteful system. How wise to turn the fear and anger of the majority toward a class of criminals bred - by economic inequity - faster than they can be put away, deflecting attention from the huge thefts of national resources carried out within the law by men in executive offices.
William Golding|Measured against eternity, our time on earth is just a blink of an eye...
André Gide|The true hypocrite is the one who ceases to perceive his deception, the one who lies with sincerity.
Jodi Ellen Malpas, Denied|Feeling like, life has been so unfair to me, but what can I say except, "I'm still here." So I'm determined to make the best out of it, take every opportunity as a blessing, and live the rest of my life to the fullest.
Chuck Klosterman, Eating the Dinosaur|There’s one kind of writing that’s always easy: Picking out something obviously stupid and reiterating how stupid it obviously is. This is the lowest form of criticism, easily accomplished by anyone. And for most of my life, I have tried to avoid this. In fact, I’ve spend an inordinate amount of time searching for the underrated value in ostensibly stupid things. I understand Turtle’s motivation and I would have watched Medelin in the theater. I read Mary Worth every day for a decade. I’ve seen Korn in concert three times and liked them once. I went to The Day After Tomorrow on opening night. I own a very expensive robot that doesn’t do anything. I am open to the possibility that everyting has metaphorical merit, and I see no point in sardonically attacking the most predictable failures within any culture.
Qingyuan Weixin|When all that’s left of us is the pure untainted consciousness without form, we’ll know what it means when the last human breath expires.
Jeffrey Keeten|There are people who read books, and then there are people who define their lives by the books they have read and by the books they will read. Their relationship with books is not one of gleaning information and then discarding. It is a friendship that is more akin to, if it were possible, putting an arm around the book and whispering to it, giggling and chuckling with shared knowledge, shared experiences. When you see someone grasp a book to their breast and close their eyes or hold the book to their nose and inhale the scent of the book, they are gently mad, but also they are not just a reader of books, but a lover of books.
Rick Warren|Waiting is an art that our impatient age has forgotten. It wants to break open the ripe fruit when it has hardly finished planting the shoot. But all too often the greedy eyes are only deceived; the fruit that seemed so precious is still green on the inside, and disrespected hands ungratefully toss aside what has so disappointed them.
Ho Chi Minh|To sin by silence, when we should protest, Makes cowards out of men.
Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power|When you know the knower within, you don't need to know further. When you know the meditator within, you don't need to meditate further. When you truly know the worshiper in you, you are to be worshiped.
M.F.K. Fisher, The Art of Eating|Pecans are not cheap, my hons. In fact, in the South, the street value of shelled pecans just before holiday baking season is roughly that of crack cocaine. Do not confuse the two. It is almost impossible to make a decent crack cocaine tassie, I am told.
Junot Díaz, This Is How You Lose Her|Jordan, there isn't a straight woman or gay man alive who wouldn't drop everything to have dinner with you. I've been in this business for all of my life, and I know the difference between people who pretend to like you to get ahead, and people who are actually interested in getting to know you. Patrick wants to get to know you. Preferably naked, but that’s up to you.” “I can’t wait until you’re old enough to be senile and start saying these things in public.” “I’m very lucky to have such a loving son.
Stuart Nadler, The Inseparables|The inscription on his gravestone had felt so wholly insufficient the moment she saw it. Just a name and dates, carved by machine. Just the inadequate and impersonal. Loving Father and Husband, like every other headstone there, whether it was true or not. This was the tasteful way to do it, she knew, even though it showed none of the true shape of the man
George Orwell|Any good world would allow for us to have free will, yes?" he continued. "Can we agree to this point? But once human beings have free will, they also have the ability to make choices - and commit evil. Thus, this very good thing, free will, allows the possibility of evil into our fine world.
Albert Einstein|I ain't grouchy,” Teft snapped. “I just have a low threshold for stupidity.
J. Vernon McGee, Romans 1-8|The Gospel writers are not really interested primarily in the facts of the birth but in the significance, the meaning for them of that birth just as the people who love us are not really interested primarily in the facts of our births but in what it meant to them when we were born and how for them the world was never the same again, how their whole lives were changed with new significance.
Armin Navabi, Why There Is No God: Simple Responses to 20 Common Arguments for the Existence of God|From the moment that man submits God to moral judgment, he kills Him his own heart.
Keanu Reeves|The women who inspired this play deserved to be smacked across the head with a meat ax and that, I flatter myself, is exactly what I smacked them with.
Orison Swett Marden|Please all, and you will please none.
Nicole Jacquelyn, Unbreak My Heart|No one can or will ever feel your pain as much as you. Forgive yourself for the past, seize the gift of the present moment.
Traci Lea LaRussa|Back at the guest house I tried to acclimatise. A travel-worn adventurer had once told me that leaning with one's head dangling over the end of a bed was the best way to achieve this. It was while I was in this position, the blood rushing to my temples, that the door swung open.
Paul Gauguin, Noa Noa|All the joys—animal and human—of a free life are mine. I have escaped everything that is artificial, conventional, customary. I am entering into the truth, into nature.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|Stars are fires that burn for thousands of years. Some of them burn slow and long, like red dwarfs. Others-blue giants-burn their due so fast they shine across great distances, and are easy to see. As they Starr to run out of fuel,they burn helium, grow even hotter, and explode in a supernova. Supernovas, they're brighter than the brightest galaxies. They die, but everyone watches them go.
Stevens Rakgogo|Anyone can wear anything in fashion, as long as is worn by a celebrity they love.
Cindy Woodsmall, The Christmas Singing|In any serious relationship, if you don't gather your partner's opinion before making a decision that impacts you both, you're just storing up trouble for the future.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Daybreak: Thoughts on the Prejudices of Morality|Doubt as sin. — Christianity has done its utmost to close the circle and declared even doubt to be sin. One is supposed to be cast into belief without reason, by a miracle, and from then on to swim in it as in the brightest and least ambiguous of elements: even a glance towards land, even the thought that one perhaps exists for something else as well as swimming, even the slightest impulse of our amphibious nature — is sin! And notice that all this means that the foundation of belief and all reflection on its origin is likewise excluded as sinful. What is wanted are blindness and intoxication and an eternal song over the waves in which reason has drowned.
Stephen Jones|Just because everybody uses language, that doesn't mean that they can write even tolerable prose.
Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye|There are days when I can hardly make it out of bed. I find it an effort to speak. I measure progress in steps, the next one and the next one, as far as the bathroom. These steps are major accomplishments. I focus on taking the cap off the toothpaste, getting the brush up to my mouth. I have difficulty lifting my arm to do even that. I feel I am without worth, that nothing I can do is of any value, least of all to myself.
Jennifer duBois, A Partial History of Lost Causes|Sometimes there are things we don't understand even about ourselves. Sometimes we run out of the time to keep trying to unravel them, and we have to sit back and content ourselves with a shrug. But I think there are some things that we'd never understand even if we had forever to wonder. There are things that - even if we had unnumbered lifetimes to think about them - we still wouldn't know.
Kathy Love, Getting What You Want|The funny thing about destiny is that you can't predict it, and you can't prevent it.- Leslie
Jean Kwok, Girl in Translation|We would be allowed to work and not cause any trouble for her, but she didn't want us to be any more successful than she was
Ted Tally, Terra Nova|The difference between human and other species is, they eat each other when they have nothing to eat, but we eat each other while having everything.
Sarah Noffke, Revived|To people who think I’m happy, just look again; the scars of my past will lead you to a place no one knows, a place no other person can imagine, a place that echoes with the desolate cries of a lonely heart, a place where I’m being stabbed to death hundreds of times.
Brennan Manning, Abba's Child: The Cry of the Heart for Intimate Belonging|Silent solitude makes true speech possible and personal. If I am not in touch with my own belovedness, then I cannot touch the sacredness of others. If I am estranged from myself, I am likewise a stranger to others.
Jack London|He wastes his time over his writing, trying to accomplish what geniuses and rare men with college educations sometimes accomplish.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil|Success has always been the greatest liar - and the "work" itself is a success; the great statesman, the conqueror, the discoverer is disguised by his creations, often beyond recognition; the "work," whether of the artist or the philosopher, invents the man who has created it, who is supposed to have create it; "great men," as they are venerated, are subsequent pieces of wretched minor fiction
Kiana Davenport, Shark Dialogues|God not da faddah, he just the spoiled moody child, but you got to go t'rough him to get to da real power, his mama, Mot'er God. She da real Almighty! She run da heavens alone. Original single parent. When somethin' bad happen, usually mean she let God try his hand, and he screw up plenny. You need something important, you go directly Mot'er God. Jesus, Mary, Joseph? Dey just small potatoes, part of the chorus, neh?
P.D. James|Human nature being what it was, the only time you could really be sure you weren’t being lied to was when you were talking to yourself.
Framing Hanley|I don't want to feel you die,but if that's the way that God has planned youWell, I'll put pennies on your eyes.And it will go away, see?You've only lived a minute of your life.I must be dreaming...Is someone calling me? No...I think I hear a voice,They're outside the door!
Janice Hardy, Blue Fire|And no child deserved to die for defending her father, no matter who she was
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Spiritual leaders, priests and prophets are lamps burning in the dark, seeking meaning for humanity.
Michael Greger|I saw how changing my diet really benefitted my health. After I changed my diet, I was able to get pregnant, and then my eczema went away, and then my migraines went away.
Karl Marx, Capital, Vol 1: A Critical Analysis of Capitalist Production|Starting over begins when I develop a reawakened appreciation for what I already have, a renewed recognition of what I’ve recklessly forsaken, a rehabilitated understanding that I foolishly do both of those things, and a revitalized commitment to live the rest of my life never doing either of them again.
Welcome to Nightvale|Knowledge may be terrible, but we can only prefer it to ignorance. Light may be terrible, but we can only prefer it to the dark.
Katie Nolan|The Governors Ball is like a big birthday party, and all these stars are like excited kids running around - 'Oooo, look at my pretty new dress!' And what's the best, most fun surprise at a birthday party? When the cake comes out!
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Well Hello Halo! It is human nature for us to make generalized judgments about a person using only a couple of traits. The "Expressivity Halo" Theory explains how we connect various personalities to specific facial expressions and assign assumptions about that person.
John Updike, Toward the End of Time|We must have sinned greatly, at some juncture long buried in our protozoic past, to deserve such a universe
Peter Høeg, Smilla's Sense of Snow|Maybe it's wrong when we remember breakthroughs to our own being as something that occurs in discrete, extraordinary moments. Maybe falling in love, the piercing knowledge that we ourselves will someday die, and the love of snow are in reality not some sudden events; maybe they were always present. Maybe they never completely vanish, either.
Joyce Carol Oates|There are a lot of perks that come with fame, and with every positive there's a negative, and then it all kind of balances out.
Jane Green, Swapping Lives|Marriage should be about fun. It's about friendship, and laughter, and trust, and fun.
Peter Higgs|I was born three weeks early, and I kept being ill. From the age of zero to four, I was always in hospital having tests done, but they couldn't find out what was wrong. They discovered that one of my kidneys wasn't working properly, and it had scarred. I had to have 32 injections in my arm in the morning and evening to try and make me better.
Steve Almond, Candyfreak: A Journey through the Chocolate Underbelly of America|Every now and then, I'll run into someone who claims not to like chocolate, and while we live in a country where everyone has the right to eat what they want, I want to say for the record that I don't trust these people, that I think something is wrong with them, and that they're probably - and this must be said - total duds in bed.
James Patterson, The Final Warning|What happened to your tan?"--Fang"It was dirt." --Max
Rod Parsley|Japan's beautiful seas and its territory are under threat, and young people are having trouble finding hope in the future amid economic slump. I promise to protect Japan's land and sea, and the lives of the Japanese people no matter what.
John F. Kennedy|Good people eat all their veggies and all the fruits, but they still have good grades. I call this, Freakonomics."-Adam Pazandak
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|It was partly the war, the revolution did the rest. The war was an artificial break in life-- as if life could be put off for a time-- what nonsense! The revolution broke out willy-nilly like a sigh suppressed too long. Everyone was revived, reborn, changed, transformed. You might say that everyone has been through two revolutions-- his own, personal revolution as well as the general one. It seems to me that socialism is the sea, and all these separate streams, these private, individual revolutions, are flowing into it-- the sea of life, the sea of spontaneity. I said life, but I mean life as you see it in a great picture, transformed by genius, creatively enriched. Only now people have decided to experience it not in books and pictures, but in themselves, not as an abstraction but in practice.
Felicity Brandon, Submission at The Tower: The Depths of Desire|Little girl, you could wrap my cock in duct tape, and I'll still make you see God.
Margaret Weis, Dragons of Spring Dawning|I will do anything to saveLaurana, he swore beneath his breath, clenching his fist. Anything! If it means sacrificing myself or—He stopped. Would he really give up Berem? Would he really trade the Everman to the Dark Queen,perhaps plunge the world into a darkness so vast it would never see light again?No, Tanis told himself firmly. Laurana would die before she would be part of such a bargain.
Alan Thicke|Mothers - especially single mothers - are heroic in their efforts to raise our nation's children, but men must also take responsibility for their children and recognize the impact they have on their families' well-being.
Maeve Binchy|I was a victim of a stereotype. There were only two of us Negro kids in the whole class, and our English teacher was always stressing the importance of rhythm in poetry. Well, everybody knows - except us - that all Negroes have rhythms, so they elected me class poet.
Martin Luther|There never yet have been, nor are there now, too many good books.
Nicholas Trandahl|I primarily use poetry as a purge, a self-medication device when I’m in the depths of loneliness, anxiety or in the throes of depression. When I’m lost in the darkness of mental illness, I spill forth a deluge of words and prose that are oftentimes grim, dark and depressive. And when my poems are spilled forth into one of my poetry journals, I feel a weight has been indeed been lifted from me, and my mind can rest just a bit easier.
Malcolm Nance, The Plot to Hack America: How Putin’s Cyberspies and WikiLeaks Tried to Steal the 2016 Election|The 2016 cyberattack was not just another case of simple Kompromat - meddling in the political affairs of a satellite nation or an individual dissenter. It was a direct attempt to hijack and derail the traditional processes and norms that held the United States together for more than 240 years. The attempt was even more brazen due to the apparent belief that Putin assumed that he and his oligarchy could charm, groom and select a candidate, then with the right amount of cybercrime and enough organized propaganda they could actually choose a president of the United States to do their bidding.
A.E. Housman, A Shropshire Lad|Oh man sometimes I wake up feel like a cat runover.Are you familiar with the stoical aspects of hard drinking, of heavy drinking? Oh it's heavy. Oh it's hard. It isn't easy. Jesus, I never meant me any harm. All I wanted was a good time.
Harrison Ford|We came to Portland because there was a good alternative public school. Friends who lived there told me about it, and my son loved it. I left his dad and went to work slinging hash in a breakfast diner and working nights tending bar in a biker tavern.
Kathryn Schulz, Being Wrong: Adventures in the Margin of Error|If imagination is what enables us to conceive of and enjoy stories other than our own, and if empathy is the act of taking other people’s stories seriously, certainty deadens or destroys both qualities. When we are caught up in our own convictions, other people’s stories—which is to say, other people—cease to matter to us.
David Beckham|The whole 'American Idol' way of looking at things is the antithesis of what I grew up with. There are a whole lot of kids wanting to be famous now, whereas if I'd even mentioned that word to one of my teachers, I would have got into a whole load of trouble.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|The way he moves-a singular motion with such ease-put me in awe. He takes down one, two and then three without even bending his back. Knocking down a man so gracefully was nothing I had ever seen before and this red dance drew me in as it did the others around him. He could have easily killed those men. This is a man who has control over himself. This is the kind of man I need.
Ashly Lorenzana|You can't see yourself. You know what you look like because of mirrors and photographs, but out there in the world, as you move among your fellow human beings, whether strangers or friends or the most intimate beloveds, your own face is invisible to you. You can see other parts of yourself, arms and legs, hands and feet, shoulders and torso, but only from the front, nothing of the back except the backs of your legs if you twist them into the right position, but not your face, never your face, and in the end - at least as far as others are concerned - your face is who you are, the essential fact of your identity. Passports do not contain pictures of hands and feet. Even you, who have lived inside your body for sixty-four years now, would probably be unable to recognize your foot in an isolated photograph of that foot, not to speak of your ear, or your elbow, or one of your eyes in close-up. All so familiar to you in the context of the whole, but utterly anonymous when taken piece by piece. We are all aliens to ourselves, and if we have any sense of who we are, it is only because we live inside the eyes of others.
Damien Hirst|I believe the process of going from confusion to understanding is a precious, even emotional, experience that can be the foundation of self-confidence.
Jack Dangermond|Westerns are simple stories where there's good and there's evil and where people had a sense of space and freedom. Growing up in the city, as a kid, you've never really seen that before. It's a beautiful dream to go from concrete to big skies, dirt and horses.
Kamand Kojouri|I have died at the ripe age of twenty.Smile, for the world didn't get a chance to disappoint me.I have died at the mature age of ninety.Smile, for my life was more than satisfying.I have died suddenly—out of the blue.Smile, for I didn't have to fall ill before you.I have died from a long illness.Smile, for I had the chance to say goodbye.I did not want to leave this Earth.But smile, for I am still here among you.Why are you crying?Can you not see I am smiling?
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|It is easy to show sinners how they sinned but God is not looking for sin pointers, He is looking for sin forgivers. Behold the lamb of God who takes away the sins of the world.
Sunday Adelaja|We, as children of God, have an advantage over the world
Erno Rubik|Last winter when I was coming home from church one Thursday evening, I saw somebody run around the house again. I told my father of that.
Ford Frick|Of course, Einstein was a very great scientist indeed, and I have enormous respect for him, and great admiration for the discoveries he made. But he was very committed to a view of the objectivity of the physical world.
Robin Paul Wood, Hollywood from Vietnam to Reagan . . . and Beyond|My thought is me: that's why I can't stop. I exist because I think...and I can't stop myself from thinking. At this very moment, it's frightful, if I exist, it is because I am horrified at existing. I am the one who pulls myself from the nothingness to which I aspire: the hatred, the disgust of existing, there are as many ways to make myself exist, to thrust myself into existence. Thoughts are born at the back of me, like sudden giddiness, I feel them being born behind my head...if I yield, they're going to come round in front of me, between my eyes, and I always yield, the thought grows and grows and there it is, immense, filling me completely and renewing my existence.
Richard Corliss|Tarantino's movies are smartly intoxicating cocktails of rampage and meditation; they're in-your-face, with a mac-10 machine pistol and a quote from the Old Testament. They blend U.S. and European styles of filmmaking; they bring novelistic devices to the movie mall.
Richard Yates, Revolutionary Road|You see? I don’t know what ‘mature’ means, either, and you could talk all night and I still wouldn’t know. It’s all just words to me, Frank. I watch you talking and I think: Isn’t that amazing? He really does think that way; these words really do mean something to him. Sometimes it seems I’ve been watching people talk and thinking that all my life. And maybe it means there’s something awful the matter with me, but it’s true.
Amanda Quick, The Girl Who Knew Too Much|I could have become a mass murderer after I hacked my governor module, but then I realized I could access the combined feed of entertainment channels carried on the company satellites. It had been well over 35,000 hours or so since then, with still not much murdering, but probably, I don't know, a little under 35,00 hours of movies, serials, books, plays, and music consumed. As a heartless killing machine, I was a terrible failure.
Thérèse de Lisieux|For me, prayer is a surge of the heart; it is a simple look turned toward heaven, it is a cry of recognition and of love, embracing both trial and joy.
Peter Heller, Celine|Pursuing fun is exhausting. Having fun is just fun. Much more relaxing just to do your work, don't you think? I mean if you enjoy it.
Albert Speer, Inside the Third Reich|For the commission to do a great building, I would have sold my soul like Faust. Now I had found my Mephistopheles. He seemed no less engaging than Goethe's.
Tuhin A. Sinha, The Edge of Power|The best thing about India is the freedom that one enjoys here, which is also the worst thing about it.
Justin Somper, Immortal War|Stuckley drew back his sword with evident satisfaction. "She really is your Achilles' heel, isn't she Furey?""No." Lorcan said, preparing his own attack. "Not my Achilles' heel.The love of my life. And I'll do whatever it takes to protect her.
Vironika Tugaleva|Sometimes, to love people, I must completely avoid them. Sometimes, to be strong, I must completely fall apart. Sometimes, to create, I must completely destroy.
Emma Goldman, Red Emma Speaks|The key point some Christians miss is that scientific ignorance about the beginning of life, or any of life's processes, is not evidence of a god.
Richard Ford, The Sportswriter|It is no loss to mankind when one writer decides to call it a day. When a tree falls in the forest, who cares but the monkeys?
Daniel Younger, The Wrath of Con|Holy fuck,' Corcoran said, leaning back against the wall. 'I am going home and drinking a whole bottle of Bacardi. Someone can pour the Coke into me after I pass out.
Simon Kuper, Soccernomics|Football is not merely a small business, it's also a bad one. Anyone who spends any time inside football soon discovers that just as oil is part of the oil business, stupidity is part of the football business.
Richard Ford, Canada|Loneliness, I've read, is like being in a long line, waiting to reach the front where it's promised something good will happen. Only the line never moves, and other people are always coming in ahead of you, and the front, the place where you want to be, is always farther and farther away until you no longer believe it has anything to offer you.
Leslie Leyland Fields, Parenting Is Your Highest Calling: And Eight Other Myths That Trap Us in Worry and Guilt|FAMILY. The ties that bind. The cement that builds character, strength of purpose, mutual respect, values.
E.M. Tippetts|Here's to real heroes, not the ones who carry us off into the sunset but the ones who help us choose our princes." - commentary on Castles on the Sand
Kristiane Backer, From MTV to Mecca: How Islam Inspired My Life|Boys will always be boys,’ he said. ‘The relationship obviously wasn’t meant to be.’ He told me I should trust that the break-up was for the best, even if I couldn’t see that yet. As with every form of suffering, heartache brings with it catharsis, and turns us into better human beings. ‘It is like an iron in the furnace that is beaten into shape,’ he said. These bad experiences were ultimately a good sign because God tests the ones He loves. That might be why He has so few friends,’ he added dryly. His words cheered me up a bit.
Bill Walton|No doubt one may quote history to support any cause, as the devil quotes scripture.
De philosopher DJ Kyos|Seems like nothing's getting safer or better," I said. "Seems like everything's getting worse." "Maybe that's what's gotta happen," Willa Mae said. "Maybe everything's gotta break lose and fall apart before we can put it back together again right.
Nicolas G. Janovsky, Gay: A New Path Forward|Spending time looking for what is missing in your life is futile; if you fail to look within yourself. When we challenge everything we believe we are, we reveal that which we never knew about our own selves.
Siri Mitchell, Like a Flower in Bloom|I curtsied. 'Thank you, Mr. Stansbury. And I apologize for my lack of grace.'He bowed. 'Never apologize for being courageous, Miss Withersby.
H.A. Overstreet|Are we all not knights and ladies of the road?For all the world's our territory,We have our exits and entrances,Experiencing both rejection and acceptance,And each in his timeMust joust with oneTo advance to the other.
Dennis Kucinich|Don't think for a minute that bad publicity and endless criticism don't leave their claw marks on everyone concerned. Your friends try to cheer you up by saying lightly, "I suppose you get used to it, and ignore it." You try. You try damned hard. But you never get used to it. It always wounds and hurts.
Dana Marton, Flash Fire|Ah, you're warming up to me. You know what comes next."	"Bitter disappointment?" she deadpanned.
Emma Thompson|O! many a shaft, at random sent, Finds mark the archer little meant! And many a word, at random spoken, May soothe or wound a heart that's broken!
Lady Gaga|Clinical psychology tells us arguably that trauma is the ultimate killer.Memories r not recycled like atoms and particles in quantum physics. they can be lost forever. It’s sort of like my past is an unfinished painting and as the artist of that painting,I must fill in all the ugly holes and make it beautiful again.
Richard Louv, Last Child in the Woods: Saving Our Children from Nature-Deficit Disorder|Nature-deficit disorder describes the human costs of alienation from nature, among them: diminished use of the senses, attention difficulties, and higher rates of physical and emotional illness. This disorder can be detected in individuals, families, and communities.
P. Harding|Your cold mornings are filled with the heartache about the fact that although we are not at ease in this world, it is all we have, that it is ours but that it is full of strife, so that all we can call our own is strife; but even that is better than nothing at all, isn't it? And as you split the frost-laced wood with numb hands, rejoice that your uncertainty is God's will and His grace toward you that that is beautiful, and a part of a greater certainty, as your own father always said in his sermons and to you at home. And as the ax bites into the wood, be comforted in the fact that the ache in your heart and the confusion in your soul means that you are still alive, still human, and still open to the beauty of the world, even though you have done nothing to deserve it. And when you resent the ache in your heart, remember: You will be dead and buried soon enough.
Brandon Sanderson, Shadows of Self|If you want to know a man, dig in his firepit...Basically, it meant that you could judge a lot about a man's life by what he thew away - or by what he was willing to burn in order to stay warm.
Nelson Mandela, Long Walk to Freedom|Like other kinds of intelligence, the storyteller's is partlynatural, partly trained. It is composed of several qualities, mostof which, in normal people, are signs of either immaturity orincivility: wit (a tendency to make irreverent connections);obstinacy and a tendency toward churlishness (a refusal tobelieve what all sensible people know is true); childishness (anapparent lack of mental focus and serious life purpose, a fondnessfor daydreaming and telling pointless lies, a lack of properrespect, mischievousness, an unseemly propensity for cryingover nothing); a marked tendency toward oral or anal fixationor both (the oral manifested by excessive eating, drinking,smoking, and chattering; the anal by nervous cleanliness andneatness coupled with a weird fascination with dirty jokes);remarkable powers of eidetic recall, or visual memory (a usualfeature of early adolescence and mental retardation); a strangeadmixture of shameless playfulness and embarrassing earnestness,the latter often heightened by irrationally intense feelingsfor or against religion; patience like a cat's; a criminal streak ofcunning; psychological instability; recklessness, impulsiveness,and improvidence; and finally, an inexplicable and incurableaddiction to stories, written or oral, bad or good.
Shayna Varadeaux, True Fate|A stream of light shot out of her lips, it wasn't blinding though, it was luminescent. It stopped abruptly and Aaron saw the light leave her eyes before she fell, and he swept in to catch her crumpling form. Eric was right beside them in a flash. "What did you do to her?” He seethed at Darragh, jumping to his feet and tackling him.
Roz Chast|In a funny way, poems are suited to modern life. They're short, they're intense. Nobody has time to read a 700-page book. People read magazines, and a poem takes less time than an article.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|You might fear you don’t have what it takes, but you don’t need to have all the answers or everything figured right from the start.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If people notice you only when you do something very strange, then you are very lucky! You can enjoy your life without being noticed as long as you don’t do anything very strange!
Amy Harmon, From Sand and Ash|Fear is strange. It settles on chests and seeps through skin, through layers of tissue, muscle, and bone and collects in a soul-sized black hole, sucking the joy out of life, the pleasure, the beauty. But not the hope. Somehow, the hope is the only thing resistant to the fear, and it is that hope that makes the next breath possible, the next step, the next tiny act of rebellion, even if that rebellion is simply staying alive.
Inga Muscio, Cunt: A Declaration of Independence|From other stories that have been handed down to me I know that my people, like many others in the slave states, went to church with their slaves, were baptized with them, and presumably expected to associate with them in heaven. Again, I have been years realizing what this means, and what it has cost. First, consider the moral predicament of the master who sat in church with his slaves, thus attesting his belief in the immortality of the souls of people whose bodies he owned and used. He thus placed his body, if not his mind, at the very crux of the deepest contradiction of his life. How could he presume to own the body of a man whose soul he considered as worthy of salvation as his own? To keep this question from articulating itself in his thoughts and demanding an answer, he had to perfect an empty space in his mind, a silence, between heavenly concerns and earthly concerns, between body and spirit. If there had ever opened a conscious connection between the two claims, if the two sides of his mind had ever touched, it would have been like building a fire in a house full of gunpowder: somewhere down deep in his mind he always knew of the danger, and his nerves were always alert to it.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|The only good thing about being frightened half to death, she thought, is that it makes me forget all about being seasick.
Toni Sorenson|Friendship develops over tears, times, laughs and lunch.
Leonard Bernstein|To achieve great things, two things are needed: a plan and not quite enough time.
Paul Tudor Jones|I wasn't a financial pro, and I paid the price.
Meghan Blistinsky|It doesn't matter what women wear. No matter what, someone's going to have a problem with it.
Bob Ney|All women, whatever be their position, should demand political equality as a means of a freer life, and one calculated to yield rich blessings to society.
James Madison|I can't in good conscience allow the U.S. government to destroy privacy, internet freedom and basic liberties for people around the world with this massive surveillance machine they're secretly building.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The personal eloquence of other people expressing aspects of nature and human condition inspire us, as do persons whom exhibit courage to gain strength when dealing with the hardships and struggles of a mortal life.
Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish|The will of this boy thief flows in golden streams. It is the thread with which I weave, the colors with which I paint, the element with which I create.
Toni Sorenson|Go for broke, my friends. Straighten your spine when you step to the podium. Trust your own tongue. Believe that your weary legs will hold you until you reach the finish line. And reach it you will if you give it your all. Fall if you must, crawl if you must, but don’t you dare give up or give in until you’ve made it to the end. For at the end is where your great reward will be to begin anew. A new chance. A new life. A new you.
Seema Gupta|Love is when Looking at a glance at youI found laughter in my eyes, Thoughts turns into jewels Where luster of your aura dwells
Garth Brooks|Amidst the confusion of the times, the conflicts of conscience, and the turmoil of daily living, an abiding faith becomes an anchor to our lives.
Willa Cather|One of those out-of-the-ordinary days that made sense of the slew of ordinary days. New York had a way of doing that. Every now and then the city shook its soul out. It assailed you with an image, or a day, or a crime, or a terror, or a beauty so difficult to wrap your mind around that you had to shake your head in disbelief.
Kanza Javed, Ashes, Wine and Dust|What happens when two introverts collide? Do they dissolve completely in each other’s patience and silence, or do they break their glass shells and become new people?
Melody Grace, Unbroken|But maybe you never really had someone, she thought now. Maybe, no matter how much you loved them, they could slip through your fingers like water, and there was nothing you could do about it. She understood why people talked about hearts "breaking"; she felt as if hers were made of cracked glass, and the shards were like tiny knives inside her chest when she breathed.
Harper Lee|Tale-bearing emits a threefold poison; for it injures the teller, the hearer, and the person concerning whom the tale is told.
Bree Despain, The Dark Divine|That's what makes it so right. Your eyes—your soul is there, but the rest of you is still so undefined. That's the beauty of childhood. The eyes show everything you've seen so far, but the rest of you is still so open to possibility, to whatever you might become.
J.J. Brown, American Dream|Diversity matters. Not only in what we look like, or what religion we practice, or in whom we love, but also in how we live our lives, including the order in which we go about things, the seasons in which we are able to create art. Those who are engaged in the arts should be the last to send any other message, because when artists endorse the traditional order of a society, it suggests that they have forgotten their own true role within it.
Anne Brontë|This rose is not so fragrant as a summer flower, but it has stood through hardships none of them could bear: the cold rain of winter has sufficed to nourish it, and its faint sun to warm it; the bleak winds have not blanched it, or broken its stem, and the keen frost has not blighted it. Look, Gilbert, it is still fresh and blooming as a flower can be, with the cold snow even now on its petals.
Charlotte McKinney|It's not about weight, it's about fitness, and one component of being fit is to have relatively low body fat, because fat is not very efficient, whereas muscle is.
Adharanand Finn, Running with the Kenyans: Passion, Adventure, and the Secrets of the Fastest People on Earth|Perhaps it is to fulfill this primal urge that runners and joggers get up every morning and pound the streets in cities all over the world. To feel the stirring of something primeval deep down in the pits of our bellies. To feel "a little bit wild." Running is not exactly fun. Running hurts. It takes effort. Ask any runner why he runs, and he will probably look at you with a wry smile and say, "I don't know." But something keeps us going. We may obsess about our PBs and mileage count, but these things alone are not enough to get us out running... What really drives us is something else, this need to feel human, to reach below the multitude of layers of roles and responsibilites that societ y has placed on us, down below the company name tags, and even the father, husband, and son, labels, to the pure, raw human being underneath. At such moments, our rational mind becomes redundant. We move from thought to feeling.
Mary Pipher|Language imparts identity, meaning, and perspective to our human condition. Writers are either polluters or part of the cleanup.
Marissa Meyer, Heartless|If I read our story backwards, it's about how I un-broke your heart, and then we were happy until one day, you forgot about me forever.
Kyle Vidrine, Wake Up The Winner In You: Your Time Is Now|You can either complain about it or grind, I choose to grind.
Anthony Bourdain|I could never give up Mexican food. Nachos are usually my go-to if I'm courtside at an NBA game. I always, always get my picture taken with my mouth wide open and a tortilla chip sticking out of it!
|We are the royal children of God, and He is always busy doing what He knows is best for us. But we must ensure that our frequent thoughts and beliefs aren't going against our true destiny.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|...Samuel rode lightly on top of a book and he balanced happily among ideas the way a man rides white rapids in a canoe. But Tom got into a book, crawled and groveled between the covers, tunneled like a mole among the thoughts, and came up with the book all over his face and hands.
Megan Duke, Ninety Degrees: A Precursor to Small Circles|Gage is waiting on the makeshift bed when she enters the room she’s been sleeping in. The small lantern in the corner barely lights his features. His shoulders are hunched, his hands clasped together before him, and when he looks up, his face is downcast. There are a number of reasons why he would look this way, but the worst possible thing comes to mind first.Someone is dead.
Michael Novak|Every dictator is an enemy of freedom, an opponent of law.
Casper Van Dien|People who don't know how to keep themselves healthy ought to have the decency to get themselves buried, and not waste time about it.
Manuel Vázquez Montalbán, La Soledad Del Manager|Gratitude is a form of worship in its own right, as it implies the acceptance of a power greater than yourself.
David Levithan, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|rolf! what? are you really rolling on the floor laughing? well, please stay down there for a sec while I KICK YOUR ASS.
Vironika Tugaleva|You are nature. You are already perfect, peaceful, and powerful. You don’t need to become anything. You simply need to remember yourself.
Muhammad Ali|I hated every minute of training, but I said, 'Don't quit. Suffer now and live the rest of your life as a champion'.
Patricia Briggs, Hunting Ground|Women are the bloodthirsty sex," said Ric sadly. "We get the reputation, but it is only because the women stand behind us, and say, 'Kill it. Squish it.
Kiersten Fay, Demon Possession|His appearance projected danger and reinforced the common knowledge that one did not want to piss off a demon, especially this one.
Martha Beck|One of the things you learn in football is that you're only as good as your last outing. I don't like to reflect on what we've done in the past. I'm not a very good storyteller, for one thing. I'd disappoint you. When it's time, I'll talk about the good old days. But it's a sign of old age, reveling in the past.
David Nihill, Do You Talk Funny? 7 Comedy Habits to Become a Better (and Funnier) Public Speaker|True, t is only individuals who starve, but what security has the working-man that it may not be his turn tomorrow? Who assures him employment, who vouches for it that, if for any reason or no reason his lord and master discharges him tomorrow, he can struggle along with those dependant upon him, until he may find some one else 'to give him bread'? Who guarantees that willingness to work shall suffice to obtain work, that uprightness, industry, thrift, and the rest of the virtues recommended by the bourgeoisie, are really his road to happiness? No one. He knows that every breeze that blows, every whim of his employer, every bad turn of trade may hurl him back into the fierce whirlpool from which he has temporarily saved himself, and in which it is hard and often impossible to keep his head above water. He knows that, though he may have the means of living today, it is very uncertain whether he shall tomorrow.
Mike McRae, Tribal Science: Brains, Beliefs and Bad Ideas|Outside Styx's apartment was not the first time Rochester and I had met, or would it be the last. We first encountered each other at Haworth House in Yorkshire when my mind was young and the barrier between reality and make-believe had not yet hardened into the shell that cocoons us in adult life. The barrier was soft, pliable and, for a moment, thanks to the kindness of a stranger and the power of a good storytelling voice, I made the short journey--and returned.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|Women's bodies do not give up their babies so easily, and so silently, is the message. The heart will always remember.
Barack Obama, The Audacity of Hope: Thoughts on Reclaiming the American Dream|I find comfort in the fact that the longer I'm in politics the less nourishing popularity becomes, that striving for power and rank and fame seems to betray a poverty of ambition, and that I am answerable mainly to the steady gaze of my own conscience.
The Intellectual Origins of the European Reformation|For the humanists, whatever authority Scripture might possess derived from the original texts in their original languages, rather than from the Vulgate, which was increasingly recognized as unreliable and inaccurate. In that the catholic church continued to insist that the Vulgate was a doctrinally normative translation, a tension inevitably developed between humanist biblical scholarship and catholic theology...Through immediate access to the original text in the original language, the theologian could wrestle directly with the 'Word of God,' unhindered by 'filters' of glosses and commentaries that placed the views of previous interpreters between the exegete and the text. For the Reformers, 'sacred philology' provided the key by means of which the theologian could break free from the confines of medieval exegesis and return ad fontes to the title deeds of the Christian faith rather than their medieval expressions, to forge once more the authentic theology of the early church.
Olaotan Fawehinmi|When that little clock on my wall says “Olaotan! Olaotan!! Olaotan!!! It’s half past time to write”, I only have three things at my disposal: A pen, A piece of paper, and a crowded mind.
Christopher Paolini, Eragon|Give men your ear, but not your heart. Show respect for those in power, but don't follow them blindly. Judge with logic and reason, but comment not.
Kenya Wright, Flirting with Chaos|Women formed from black smoke come to me at night and they scream for me to not cut their throats or twist those tiny necks. They beg and cry. Then right at the moment when I can't take anymore, I rush up to them, slashing at the smoke with my hands. Do they go away? Never. They turn into familiar faces.
Susan Glaspell|When they told me I had cancer - a very rare form called appendiceal cancer - I was shocked. But I went straight into battle mode. Every morning, I'd wake up and have an internal conversation with cancer. 'All right, dude,' I'd tell it, 'go ahead and hit me. But I'm going to hit you back even harder.'
Shirley Jackson, The Haunting of Hill House|Rockwood didn't have a movie theater or an IHOP or a strip mall. But it did have two churches, a ramshackle bar, and last (but certainly not least) Wacky Willie's Deluxe Goofy Golf, a barren landscape of wilted ferns and plastic flamingos with peeling paint. Wacky Willie had added the 'Deluxe' when finally ridding the thirteenth hole windmill of a stubborn family of bats after a great and terrible struggle that would forever be known as 'The Fearsome Bat War of Rockwood County' by Willie, but was usually referred to as 'That Time Willie Had to Get Rabies Shots' by everyone else.
Ludwig Wittgenstein, Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus|Every faith has logic even though people after developing faith forget the logic behind the faith. There is a strong logic behind the creation of religion—the greatest symbol of human faith—that has provided a common code of conduct and belief, and brought millions or even billions of people together. Religion has benefited man even materialistically, as it reduced the conflict between individuals and ushered in a long era of peace and prosperity.
Vivian Greene|Dear Optimism, nice to see you. I've got an extra room, how about you stay for a while.
Debasish Mridha|For success, have a laser-like, purpose-oriented focus, and persistently go toward it.
Shelly Crane, Significance|It's my job as best friend to make sure he's not a serial killer. Or an English major, not sure which one's worse.
Domonique Bertolucci, The Happiness Code: Ten Keys to Being the Best You Can Be|If you believe in yourself,anything and everything is possible.
C. S. Lewis|Socialism violates at least three of the Ten Commandments: It turns government into God, it legalizes thievery and it elevates covetousness. Discussions of income inequality, after all, aren't about prosperity but about petty spite. Why should you care how much money I make, so long as you are happy?
Colleen Hoover, Slammed|When someone close to you dies, the memories and recollections of them are painful.
Christina Milian|Even if it wasn't always morning in America during the years of his presidency, Reagan's eagerness to insist that it was tapped into a longing among voters. They didn't want to picture themselves turning down their thermostats and buttoning up their cardigans. They wanted to strut again. Reagan opened his arms and said, 'Walk this way.'
Annie Dillard, An American Childhood|Knowing you are alive is watching on every side your generation's short time falling away as fast as rivers drop through air, and feeling it hit.
John Mortimer, Paradise Postponed|The sound of thunder, the smell of rain. The earth giving birth to another season. Nature's labor pains...beautiful.
Ekaterina Sedia, The Alchemy of Stone|We suddenly feel fearful and apprehensive, naked in our perishable flesh, and for just a moment we wish we could go back to being stone—crumbling in death rather than rotting, trapped inside an immobile prison of stone rather than reduced to immaterial souls like those that now rattled within our skulls. The moment passes. There is no point in regretting irreversible decisions—one has to live with them, and we try.
Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu|You know, I thought we could use a good myth about technology to help guide us through these particular modern waters right now.
Charlotte M. Vaile, The Orcutt Girls|A big island of library, in the middle of an ocean, away from all the fools of the world, would this place not be a real paradise?
Annabelle Selldorf|I've always been interested in art, architecture, color.
Billy Horschel|I go jogging for 25 minutes every morning, even if I'm away from home.
Robert Green Ingersoll|A lot of people, to attack an outspoken atheist, one of the things they'll do is say, 'You are as bad as the fundamentalist Christians.' And my answer is always, 'I hope so.'
Simone St. James, The Haunting of Maddy Clare|Life is a movie. You are the director in it. The choices you make, are the things that you will see. After you make a choice, there will be no going back, only simple things that will erase it.
Lech Walesa|All my kids were raised on computers: They were home-schooled on the Internet, so they're pretty good at that stuff. And I'm proud of them, but I don't really keep up with it.
Charmaine J Forde|When we flood our creative problem-solving mind with the endorphins of gratitude, we are open to receiving the spectacular solutions that are needed now to ensure that generations to come will enjoy this beautiful blue ball that we call home.
T.S. Eliot, Poems: 1909-1925|We are the hollow menWe are the stuffed menLeaning togetherHeadpiece filled with straw. Alas!Our dried voices, whenWe whisper togetherAre quiet and meaninglessAs wind in dry grassOr rats' feet over broken glassIn our dry cellarShape without form, shade without colour,Paralysed force, gesture without motion;
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Use and Misuse of Children|To some believers, being on the pill or using a condom is a nonverbal way of telling God to go to hell.
Sunday Adelaja|The government can pass bills, but only the Great Healer can heal a broken soul
Auliq-Ice|Marriage is just like business, only a few succeed, many manage & the REST RESIGN.
Frank Sonnenberg, BookSmart: Hundreds of real-world lessons for success and happiness|Without trust, no company can ever hope for excellence.
Donella Meadows|To me, teamwork is the beauty of our sport, where you have five acting as one. You become selfless.
Tim Gunn|So if I have two pieces of cake, do I have twice as good an experience as the first piece of cake? One of the things I've found in life is that the first piece of cake is the best.
Beau Taplin|No matter how many times she was told that she was loved, there was no recognition that the proof was in the abandonment.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|If you're not content with the small things, then you won't be content with the big things.
John Wesley|Chicago was started by a bunch of New Yorkers who said "Gee  I'm enjoying the crime and the poverty  but it just isn't cold enough."
Tahereh Mafi, Ignite Me|..I buried myself in accomplishments, because with accomplishments, I believed I could control things, I could squeeze in every last piece of happiness before I got sick and died.. which I figured was my natural fate.
Bartolomé de las Casas, A Short Account of the Destruction of the Indies|You learn about equality in history and civics, but you find out life is not really like that.
Auliq Ice|At times, we need to let our choices die, for us to get a better direction in life.
Spike Milligan|On the Ning Nang NongWhere the Cows go Bong!And the Monkeys all say Boo!Theres a Nang Nong NingWhere the trees go Ping!And the tea pots Jibber Jabber JooOn the Nong Ning NangAll the Mice go Clang!And you just cant catch em when they do!So its Ning Nang Nong!Cows go Bong!Nong Nang Ning!Trees go Ping!Nong Ning Nang!The mice go Clang!What a noisy place to belong,Is the Ning Nang Ning Nang Nong!
Toby Keith|Like go for a walk, say a little prayerTake a deep breath of mountain airPut on my glove and play some catchIt's time that I make time for thatWade the shore and cast a lineLook up a long lost friend of mineSit on the porch and give my girl a kissStart livin', that's the next thing on my list.
Wu Cheng'en, Monkey: The Journey to the West|After Supper the Master dismissed all except Sun Wukong, Zhu Bajie and Sha the Monk. He took them out with him and said, "Look at that wonderful moolight. It makes me long for the time when I can return home.
Sophia Loren|I have my own peculiar yardstick for measuring a man: Does he have the courage to cry in a moment of grief? Does he have the compassion not to hunt an animal? In his relationship with a woman, is he gentle? Real manliness is nurtured in kindness and gentleness, which I associate with intelligence, comprehension, tolerance, justice, education, and high morality. If only men realized how easy it is to open a woman's heart with kindness, and how many women close their hearts to the assaults of the Don Juans.
Philip Pullman, The Amber Spyglass|I can’t bear the thought of oblivion, Asriel,” she continued. “Sooner anything than that. I used to think pain would be worse—to be tortured forever—I thought that must be worse . . . But as long as you were conscious, it would be better, wouldn’t it? Better than feeling nothing, just going into the dark, everything going out forever and ever?
Christopher Paolini, Brisingr|A person must earn enlightenment, Eragon. It is not handed down to you by others, regardless of how revered they be.
Charles Barkley|We believe that there are many buyers who want a stylish, sporty car that sends a positive message about their concern for the environment as they drive it down the street.
Charles Darwin|Threats to our standing in the eyes of others are remarkably potent biologically, almost as powerful as those to our very survival.
Debasish Mridha|If you have a drop of violence or anger in your mind, it can ignite a candle and be the source of violence, so be kind.
A. Zavarelli, Crow|Don’t you understand? It’s forbidden, Aladdin! We jinn must abide by many rules, but first among them, most important of all, we must never fall in love with a human!”He catches his breath, swallowing hard. “And do you always follow the rules?”“I—” Casting my gaze skyward, I draw a deep breath, searching for words among the stars. “It’s not about that. Do you know what kind of destruction we would cause? Have you not heard the story of your own people, how their city was destroyed, how thousands died? It was not hate that sparked the war between your people and mine, Aladdin. It was love. I held hands with Roshana the Wise and called her sister, and those words set our world on fire!”There it is. My greatest shame, laid bare. The truth lies between us like broken glass. Surely now he sees what I truly am: a betrayer, a monster, an enemy. Aladdin stares at me, his face softening.“That wasn’t your fault,” he says. “Loving someone is never wrong. And like you said, it’s not a choice. It just happens, and we’re all helpless in its power.”“That doesn’t change the fact that the consequences are disastrous. As the poets say, shake hands with a jinni, and you shake hands with death.
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Night|That's the difference between irony and sarcasm. Irony can be spontaneous, while sarcasm requires volition. You have to create sarcasm.
James Otis|You go to Scandinavia, and you will find that people have a much higher standard of living, in terms of education, health care and decent paying jobs.
Chris Rock|It's easy to impress me. I don't need a fancy party to be happy. Just good friends, good food, and good laughs. I'm happy. I'm satisfied. I'm content.
Patti Smith|Freedom is a man's natural power of doing what he pleases, so far as he is not prevented by force or law.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Secret Life of Bees|I'm tired of carrying around the weight of the world. I'm just going to lay it down now. It's my time to die, and it's your time to live. Don't mess it up.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Polish the Gold. Be an optimist; look for the best in others, the best in situations, and focus on what is working rather than what is not. It's golden!
Kristin Hannah, Firefly Lane|She hadn't realized how much she'd needed a dream, but it had transformed her, changed her from poor motherless and abandoned Tully to a girl poised to take on the world. The goal made her life story unimportant, gave her something to reach for, to hang on to
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|Will grinned. “Some of these books are dangerous,” he said. “It’s wise to be careful.”“One must always be careful of books,” said Tessa, “and what is inside them, for words have the power to change us.”“I’m not sure a book has ever changed me,” said Will. “Well, there is one volume that promises to teach one how to turn oneself into an entire flock of sheep—”“Only the very weak-minded refuse to be influenced by literature and poetry,” said Tessa
Jack Campbell, The Dragons of Dorcastle|Life is warmth and warmth is fire, and fire is God's and God's alone.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|The immortal gods, the deities will rise, they will fall but none will live beyond the wall. Prometheus, knows love & saves them all.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|If you're still believing, then you're almost there!
Warsan Shire|We took such care of tomorrow, but died on the way there.
Susan Cooper, Silver on the Tree|The future can not blame the present, just as the present cannot blame the past.
Richard Flanagan, The Narrow Road to the Deep North|God has wrought many things out of oppression. He has endowed his creatures with the capacity to create and from this capacity has flowed the sweet songs of sorrow and joy that have allowed man to cope with his environment and many different situations. Jazz speaks for life. The Blues tell the story of life's difficulties, and if you think for a moment, you will realize that they take the hardest realities of life and put them into music, only tocome out with some new hope or sense of triumph. This is triumphant music. Modern Jazz has continued in this tradition, singing the songs of a more complicated urban existence. When life itself offers no order and meaning, the musician creates an order and meaning from the sounds of the earth, which flow through his instrument.
Kelly E. Lindner, Periphery|Writing, photography...art. It's all about what's in focus.
Ellen G. White|You can't get around pain and opposition, but you can try to be joyful in the trial, and thank yourself for the trial, and thank God for the strength to get through it.
Chris Wright|so here i sit. a sum of the parts. about a third way down this wonderful path, so to speak. and i've been thinking lately about a friendship that fell apart with time, with distance, and with the misunderstanding of youth. i'm trying not to confuse sadness with regret. not the easiest thing at times. i dont regret that certain things happened. i understand that perhaps i had a choice in the matter, or perhaps i believe in fate. probably not, but so far actions as small as the quickest glance to events as monumental as death have pushed me slowly along to right here, right now. there was no other way to get here. the meandering and erratic path was actually the straightest of lines. take away a handful of angry words, things once thought of as mistakes or regrets, and i'm suddenly a different person with a different history, a different future. that, i would regret. so here i sit. thinking about a person i once called my best friends. a man who might be full of sadness and regret, who might not give a damn, or who might, just might, remember the future and realize that's where its at.
Stephen King, 11/22/63|Like all sweet dreams, it will be brief, but brevity makes sweetness, doesn't it?
Ken Kesey|When asked, 'How do you write?' I invariably answer, 'one word at a time.'
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|People undergo several sequential steps in maturing from infancy including childhood, adolescences, young adulthood, middle age, and old age. Each stage presents distinct challenges that require a person to amend how they think and act. The motive for seeking significant change in a person’s manner of perceiving the world and behaving vary. Alteration of person’s mindset can commence with a growing sense of awareness that a person is dissatisfied with an aspect of his or her life, which cause a person consciously to consider amending their lifestyle.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|This self now as I leant over the gate looking down over fields rolling in waves of colour beneath me made no answer. He threw up no opposition. He attempted no phrase. His fist did not form. I waited. I listened. Nothing came, nothing. I cried then with a sudden conviction of complete desertion. Now there is nothing. No fin breaks the waste of this immeasurable sea. Life has destroyed me. No echo comes when I speak, no varied words. This is more truly death than the death of friends, than the death of youth.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Perfect Glass|Okay, news flash. Jealousy is not something I enjoy. I hadn’t felt it much before. But I’d also never been in love. And I’d never been 3,300 miles away from the girl I loved while some punk sat next to her on a couch. A punk who had designs on her, according to Dylan. I needed to lay eyes on this guy.
Maya Angelou|When you forgive, you in no way change the past - but you sure do change the future.
shady_N|However, this is too harmonious, grand, and overwhelming a universe to believe it all on accident.
Kathleen McGowan, The Poet Prince|And whose rules will choose to you follow? God's? Or man's? You say you want to break the outmoded patterns and crate a new model? Then do it. That is part of your destiny, boy.
Tupac Shakur|I believe that everything that you do bad comes back to you. So everything that I do that's bad, I'm going to suffer from it. But in my mind, I believe what I'm doing is right. So I feel like I'm going to heaven
Daniel J. Rice, Awake in the World: A Riverfeet Press Anthology 2017|As Gabe continued to speak, he sounded to be a cheerful and intelligent person, two attributes I have commonly found associated with people who spend most of their time outdoors.-from New River, in the anthology AWAKE IN THE WORLD
Helen Sharman|While we've taken seeds into space, and astronauts on the International Space Station have eaten lettuce they've grown, we haven't produced fruit in space, so we can't pollinate something.
James Nesbitt|I didn't start sweating until I had children. That was one of the first things I realized when my daughter Violet was born - I started getting wicked BO. You know there's a difference between basketball BO and stress BO? This was definitely stress BO. Like, new dad BO.
Francine Prose, The Lives of the Muses: Nine Women and the Artists They Inspired|For what is love if one loves a woman without knowing her? Just a decision to love? Or even an imitation? The question concerns us all: If, from our childhood on, the examples of love were not there inviting us to copy them, would we know what "loving" means?
Laurie Tomlinson, With No Reservations|But the place where we're most broken, most empty of ourselves... is the place where we can be filled in a way that is harder for people who haven't experienced a loss.
Abhijit Naskar|Religion, as it is generally taught all over the world, is said to be based upon faith and belief, and, in most cases, consists only of different sets of theories, and that is the reason why we find all religions quarrelling with one another.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, Cancer Ward|I wonder of what you must daily endure in America, having no government to protect you, no one to tell you what to do. Is it true you're given no ration card, that you must find food for yourself? Is it true that you labor for no higher purpose than paper money? What is California, this place you come from? I have never seen a picture. What plays over the American loudspeakers, when is your curfew, what is taught at your child-rearing collectives? Where does a woman go with her children on Sunday afternoons, and if a woman loses her husband, how does she know the government will assign her a good replacement? With whom would she curry favor to ensure her children got the best Youth Troop leader?
Michael Brooks, 13 Things That Don't Make Sense: The Most Baffling Scientific Mysteries of Our Time|The third oddity was the surface on which Lawrence was doing his own succussion. It was a huge, black leather-bound King James Bible. Having done three raps on the Bible, his fist clenched around a vial containing a homeopathic remedy made from amethyst, Lawrence looked up. His face said, "I wish you hadn't seen that"."You don't have to use a Bible," he assured me.
Effie Crescent, Het Verloren Koninkrijk|Why I let you talk me into these things, I’ll never understand. One day you’re going to get me into some serious trouble," Rowan said, shaking his head.
Simon R. Green|It would be hilariously tragic if I avoided the rabids, avoided the sun, only to be fried to a crisp on a damn electric fence because I was too impatient.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|Antigonus, having taken one of his soldiers into a great degree of favor and esteem for his valor, gave his physicians strict charge to cure him of a long and inward disease under which he had a great while languished, and observing that, after his cure, he went much more coldly to work than before, he asked him what had so altered and cowed him: “Yourself, sir,” replied the other, “by having eased me of the pains that made me weary of my life.
Robert Jarvik|The United States has an active pharmaceutical industry that has brought huge benefits to the U.S. public. Most Americans, who benefit from these advances, have little understanding of how difficult it is to create an important new medical therapy and make it available to improve public health.
Daniel Clausen, The Ghosts of Nagasaki|In retrospect, I came to Nagasaki for the regenerative properties. The second atomic bomb blast so many years ago, which had swept up most of the city in a plutonium cloud, had made the city radioactively peace-loving. Reversing the usual cycle that turns victim into perpetrator, the people who stepped from the rubble filled their hearts with a fervent devotion to peace in all its forms.In my mind's eye I see them: wounded and dying, their lungs filled with ash and smoke. The ash sits there for some time, and when they exhale, miraculously, something akin to love comes out.
A.C. Grayling|Let those who sit know that this world is not a waiting room; it is an arena to struggle, an arena for action! Let the inactive remember that we were born to act, not to sit!
Curtis Mayfield|Go to the internet and go to the FBI website and go to their international list of top ten terrorists. You will see Bin Laden there, bring his name up and his picture. Amazingly, all the charges: the embassy of '98 and this other stuff is all listed. But, ironically nothing on 9/11. NOTHING! Now when the FBI was pressed as to why 9/11 wasn't included, their response was "We don't have enough evidence." Now, people, if you're like me that is extremely disturbing; we've fought two wars, we've changed our entire foreign policy and we've had the PATRIOT act put on us, all, supposedly, because of Osama Bin Laden!
Angela Elwell Hunt, Magdalene|Were you terrified, Murgatroyd?" Murgatroyd nodded eagerly. "There you go, girl: You're a terrorist. You make me twitchy, and under Article Forty-One of the 2000 Terrorism Bill, that's all I need. Time for some reasonable force, I think.
Siobhan Davis, Saven Disclosure|He could lose himself in the copper warmth of her eyes. Except, no, this wasn't losing himself. This was finding something precious.
Damian Wampler, Sevara: Dawn of Hope|It is time for you to choose, the rope or the spike!
Lisa Jey Davis, Getting Over Your Ovaries: How to Make 'The Change of Life' Your Bitch|Youth is marked by a breathtaking novelty that diminishes with each year of age - until life becomes a delusive struggle to break routines, escape the ordinary, and rediscover the joy of discovery.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|Hunky Heroes, rescuing distressed women, captive princesses, and girls without wheels since 1684. p. 450
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|What do you fear, lady?" [Aragorn] asked. "A cage," [Éowyn] said. "To stay behind bars, until use and old age accept them, and all chance of doing great deeds is gone beyond recall or desire.
Ayn Rand, Anthem|Nonsense. Everyone knows Canadians are a peaceful people.” He was laughing now.“Tell that to the White House circa 1812,” I told him.“Oh? Why?”“Because that’s the year the peace-loving Canadians burned it to the ground.”Dominick grabbed an empty bottle and jumped onto his chair. The room got silent in an instant as everyone paused to look at him. “Cheers to 1812.” He lifted his empty bottle.The whole room whooped and raised their full glasses, howling in unison.I could barely hear over the sound of my own laughter.
Debasish Mridha|Love! In this world of sorrow, you're my source of joy.
Michael Grant, Gone|That fire you see can't last. Still, as it burns, it lights everything.
Toni Sorenson|Friends hurt friends. They don’t mean to, but it happens. So friendship is made of forgiveness as much as it is love.
Criss Jami, Healology|The problem is politics is made a sport, almost as much a sport as football or baseball. When it comes to politics, adults and politicians do more finger-pointing and play more games than children ever do. Too often are we rooting for the pride of a team rather than the good of the nation.
Diana Dentinger, Modus Vivendi: Your Life Your Way|Before defining what you want, know who you are.
Eddie  Capparucci|But at home, that same day he'd jumped into the fountain, he'd gotten so anxious, pacing around the living room listening to his parents try to calm him, that he suddenly just lost it completely and slapped his face. He immediately started crying, confused and guilty, looking up at his parents like he had no idea how it happened. And, really, that's the way it always was with the hitting. It would happen so fast, his body shaking to release the tension that built up from all the thoughts swirling through his mind and all the air he was having trouble breathing and all the loud beating of his own heart ringing in his ears. It had to get out and that was the path it chose. Slap. Instant relief.
John Landis|I grew up with two sisters, and we owned three movies: 'Grease,' 'It's a Wonderful Life,' and 'Grease 2.' And you can only watch 'Wonderful Life' in the last half of the year. So I don't remember a time when I didn't know 'Grease.'
Alice Walker|My brother's my teacher, my mentor, and we both learnt all the acting basics from our father.
Lailah Gifty Akita|People of understanding, pursue peace.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Defeat I can endure with cheerfulness, my lady. But betrayal is like taking the wind from my sails, or the earth from beneath my feet. It chills my spirits like a rainy day, and all I can do is draw the curtains and cry into my pillow.
Tawny Lara|By seeing how small the world is, I realize how capable I am. I can conquer anything. Anywhere. Anyone.
Kimberly Giles, Choosing Clarity: The Path to Fearlessness|Your number one task here is forgiving yourself and the people who mistreat you. You must learn to do this if you want to experience real happiness and peace in this life. You must do this if you want to feel accepted, valued and safe. The only way to feel innocent and worthy – is to give it to other people. That is just how it works.
Debasish Mridha|Every time you give away love without any expectations, you become richer.
Bradley B. Dalina|If you feel completely satisfied, you have hit the right answer, coz if not? you may have missed something, It could be the answer itself or it could be both your prayer and the answer!
Rob Reiner|My goal was never to just create a company. A lot of people misinterpret that, as if I don't care about revenue or profit or any of those things. But what not being just a company means to me is not being just that - building something that actually makes a really big change in the world.
Catherine Lowell, The Madwoman Upstairs|Are there any leading men in your life?""Several, but they're all fictional.
|Lord, give me what you have made me want; I praise and thank you for the desire that you have inspired; perfect what you have begun, and grant me what you have made me long for.
Jerome Strong, Spiritual Musings I: A Theological Interpretation of Life|Think of a potter taking a misshapen bowl from his wheel and pounding it back into the tub of clay. A soul suffers while it is being pounded in this way, and suffers until it ceases to be. You are pounded down, and that which was you gets into something else. God tries again, and tries until the Work is complete. Meanwhile you, my son, are long gone
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|In any game, the game itself is the prize, no matter who wins, ultimately both lose the game.
John Corey Whaley, Noggin|That's the thing. You come back and you expect everyone to be just the way they were when you left. But it's not that easy, okay? You can't just force us all to be how you liked us.
bell hooks, Feminist Theory: From Margin to Center|We refuse to let our knowledge, however limited, be informed by your ignorance, however vast.
Dinesh Kumar Biran|Love a girl and she will give you a story to tell,Love a woman and she will give you a novel to pen...
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|If we truly loved ourselves, we’d never harm another. That is a truly revolutionary, celebratory mode of self-care.
Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu|There was also something about the smell of bookshops that was strangely comforting to her. She wondered if it was the scent of ink and paper, or the perfume of binding, string, and glue. Maybe it was the scent of knowledge. Information. Thoughts and ideas. Poetry and love. All of it bound into one perfect, calm place.
Frantz Fanon|It’s like, how did Columbus discover America when the Indians were already here? What kind of shit is that, but white people’s shit?
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe's Roman Elegies and Venetian Epigrams|The physical stage of bonding is at its most powerful when all other forms of bonding have been achieved. If this has been done, the final petals of the flower have reached full maturity and unfold, leaving no restriction for pleasure, physical or otherwise. Having learned your partner and when to push, pull away or work together in fluid unison; having learned what enthuses and delights their senses, you are prepared to carry all of this knowledge into the sweet cadence of your unity.
RVM|Days are like trains, they will just zoom by. You can be zapped seeing them pass or you can jump on to one of them and enjoy the Journey.
Joseph Conrad, The Secret Sharer and other stories|Let them think what they liked, but I didn't mean to drown myself. I meant to swim till I sank -- but that's not the same thing.
Fred Wilson|I had a monumental idea this morning, but I didn't like it.
Alphonse Karr|We need affordable space travel to inspire our youth, to let them know that they can experience their dreams, can set significant goals and be in a position to lead all of us to future progress in exploration, discovery and fun. Thanks to the X Prize for the inspiration.
Sandra Harner, Ema's Odyssey: Shamanism for Healing and Spiritual Knowledge|When I started to climb, the sky seemed to be sunny and blue. But being up here on the oak tree it is cloudy and foggy.
Andy Stanley, Fields Of Gold|As believers, we all have the responsibility to leverage our wealth for kingdom purposes.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|If it's possible in the mind, then it's possible anywhere.
Dillon Burroughs, Hunger No More: A 1-Year Devotional Journey Through the Psalms|Evangelical Christians need to notice..., that the Reformation said 'Scripture Alone' and not 'the Revelation of God in Christ Alone'. If you do not have the view of the Scriptures that the Reformers had, you really have no content in the word 'Christ' - and this is the modern drift in theology. Modern theology uses the word without content because 'Christ' is cut away from the Scriptures. The Reformation followed the teaching of Christ Himself in linking the revelation Christ gave of God to the revelation of the written Scriptures.
Terry Pratchett, The Fifth Elephant|It wasn't that dwarfs weren't interested in sex. They saw the vital need for fresh dwarfs to leave their goods to and continue the mining work after they had gone. It was simply that they also saw no point in distinguishing between the sexes anywhere but in private. There was no such thing as a Dwarfish female pronoun or, once the children were on solids, any such thing as women's work.
Chris Rock|The uneducated person perceives only the individual phenomenon, the partly educated person the rule, and the educated person the exception.
W. H. Auden|On Sundays, we would travel to the town and watch English movies. This way, we must have ended up watching some 1,000 movies during college.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to the Kingdom of Conscience|With the glorious flames of compassion in your heart, embrace the goodness from all religions. Taste the love of Christmas, the radiance of Diwali, the brotherhood of Ramadan, the feast of Sukkot and assimilate anything that appeals to you. The end product of such acceptance is a peaceful human society, filled with joy and cheer.
Bryn  Hammond, Amgalant One: The Old Ideal|Evil is abstract but existent. It's a negativity: untruth, dishonesty, abuse of trust. Evil, for us, isn't in-built - into people, into the cosmic scheme, but is a violation.
Rowland S. Miller, Intimate Relationships|Moreover, in conversations with women, men do most of the talking (Haas, 1979), and despite hackneyed stereotypes about women being more talkative than men, we're apparently used to this pattern. When people listen to record-ings of conversations, they think it's more disrespectful and assertive for a woman to interrupt a m~ than vice versa (Lafrance, 1992).
Salman Rushdie, Midnight's Children|He who becomes his most truthful self, becomes the leader for everyone else.
Cindi Madsen, An Officer and a Rebel|You don't have any baking stuff, do you? I like to bake when I'm hyper. My mom and I were supposed to make all the Christmas cookies tomorrow, but it looks like I won't be there for that. We always make chocolate chip ones shaped like trees and stars and such because sugar cookies are good and all, but there's no chocolate and when chocolate's an option, why wouldn't you have it?
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you have never seen a masterpiece, look in the mirror.
A.N. Meade, Marked|So you are vampire then, my beauty?”- Damian (Marked Book #1) page 160
David Almond, Skellig|Drawing makes you look at the world more closely. It helps you to see what you're looking at more clearly. Did you know that?"I said nothing."What colour's a blackbird?" she said."Black""Typical!
Julie James, A Lot like Love|She spoke under her breath to Nick. "Is there a reason he's only wearing one sock?" "He puked on his foot." "Oh." She turned back to Huxley. "Can we get you another sock? Maybe a blanket or something?
Clare Furniss, The Year of the Rat|You shouldn't be wasting your time worrying about what's going to happen after you die. It's pointless. Think about what's happening now. In your life. That's what's important. So change the subject, will you?
Erwin W. Lutzer, When You've Been Wronged: Moving From Bitterness to Forgiveness|Most people in America, when they are exposed to the Christian faith, are not being transformed. They take one step into the door, and the journey ends. They are not being allowed, encouraged, or equipped to love or to think like Christ. Yet in many ways a focus on spiritual formation fits what a new generation is really seeking. Transformation is a process, a journey, not a one-time decision.
Marshall B. Rosenberg, Speak Peace in a World of Conflict: What You Say Next Will Change Your World|Fairy tales begin with conflict because we all begin our lives with conflict. We are all misfit for the world, and somehow we must fit in, fit in with other people, and thus we must invent or find the means through communication to satisfy as well as resolve conflicting desires and instincts.
Timothy Snyder|Believe in truth. To abandon facts is to abandon freedom. If nothing is true, then no one can criticize power, because there is no basis upon which to do so. If nothing is true, then all is spectacle. The biggest wallet pays for the most blinding lights.
Lawren Leo, Dragonflame: Tap Into Your Reservoir of Power Using Talismans, Manifestation, and Visualization|If the goal is what you want to achieve, then the purpose is why you want to achieve it. Without purpose, reaching your goal will have little or no meaning.
|If you always feel very uncomfortable when you are with your friends, that would be a wake-up call that you truly don't belong in that circle. Life is too short to dare to spend any moment of it uncomfortably.
Alfred de Musset, Lorenzaccio|You’re like a lighthouse shining beside the sea of humanity, motionless: all you can see is your own reflection in the water. You’re alone, so you think it’s a vast, magnificent panorama. You haven’t sounded the depths. You simply believe in the beauty of God’s creation. But I have spent all this time in the water, diving deep into the howling ocean of life, deeper than anyone. While you were admiring the surface, I saw the shipwrecks, the drowned bodies, the monsters of the deep
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, This Is My Life|Fear of failure is deceptive.Don't do it, you'll fail, it says.Courage is inceptive.It's where success starts.
Mark Pocan|I wash my hands of those who imagine chattering to be knowledge, silence to be ignorance, and affection to be art.
Jeffrey Sachs|As history has repeatedly proven, one trade tariff begets another, then another - until you've got a full-blown trade war. No one ever wins, and consumers always get screwed.
Ashley Pullo, The Bridge|If you can win an argument by stretching your lips for a smile, why open your mouth and lose it.
Stephen King, It|If someone had asked him, “Ben, are you lonely? , ” he would have looked at that someone with real surprise. The question had never even occurred to him. He had no friends, but he had his books and his dreams;
Cindy Woodsmall, A Season for Tending|You know, that was what we missed most. Not our beds, not our homes, not even our mothers. We would talk about food.
Steven Biko|When you talk about change, you know what makes it really tough for people is on the one hand you've got tradition, and on the other hand you've got change; in many people's mind, change equals modernization. Tradition, however. I'm a big tradition guy.
Anthony Liccione|Whatever one does for a living, three questions need to be confronted before it is too late: What really matters to me? What price do my spouse and kids pay for my career success? What price does my soul pay?
Charles R. Swindoll|Fortunately, God made all varieties of people with a wide variety of interests and abilities. He has called people of every race and color who have been hurt by life in every manner imaginable. Even the scars of past abuse and injury can be the means of bringing healing to another. What wonderful opportunities to make disciples!
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|You might, from your appearance, be the wife of Lucifer,” said Miss Pross, in her breathing. “Nevertheless, you shall not get the better of me. I am an Englishwoman.
Balroop Singh|Social values, friends, communities and families control our thoughts.
Richard M. Nixon|When one burns one's bridges, what a very nice fire it makes.
Hiro Fujiwara, Maid-sama! Vol. 01|And even if you do wear a maid outfit, it doesn't change the fact that you're strong or that you're smart or that you try really hard at everything you do. I think you'd still deserve to walk with your head held high.
Stephen King, Full Dark, No Stars|I always ask myself one question: what is human? What does it mean to be human? Maybe people will consider my new films brutal again. But this violence is just a reflection of what they really are, of what is in each one of us to certain degree.
D.W. Winnicott, Playing and Reality|...there is for many a poverty of play and cultural life because, although the person had a place for erudition, there was a relative failure on the part of those who constitute the child's world of persons to introduce cultural elements at the appropriate phases of the person's personality development.
Jeffrey Panzer, Epoch Awakening|ANYTHING IN THIS UNIVERSE CAN BE A STORY WORTH TELLING, AS LONG AS YOU KNOW HOW TO BEST TELL IT.
Stefan Molyneux|We already live on the planet of war, we already live on the red planet, and it's a war against children. All the other wars are just the shadows of the war on children.
Paula Stokes, Girl Against the Universe|I believe that the world is dying, not just me. And fantasy will save no one. The deathly unreality of Utopia, the merchandizing of Utopia is wicked, deadly reality.
Simon Holt, The Devouring|If Mistery, Crime, Horror, True Crime, SuperNature, Fiction, Non-FIcition and many other categoris if they didn't exist, and people didn't find a way to relax. Nobody will be never on the way to reach the place where almost a lot of are now, people don't want normal life they want to view the life through a killer.
C. L. Ferguson|At its best, choice is a means by which we can resist the people and the systems that seek to exert control over us. But choice itself can become oppressive when we insist that it is equally available to all. It can become an excuse for ignoring inequities that stem from gender or class or ethnic differences, for example, because one can blithely say, “oh, but they had a choice! We all have choices.
Anne Rice, The Witching Hour|It’s not about fancy literary prizes. It’s not about seeming impenetrable or smart or high fallutin. I’m not trying to impress anyone. I am trying to make you feel a story, that’s all.
James Patterson, School's Out—Forever|Now, Max, I think we both know your parents aren't missionaries."I opened my eyes wide. "No? Well, for God's sake, don't tell them. They'd be crushed. Thinking they're doing the Lord's work and all.
Carrie Ryan, The Forest of Hands and Teeth|She draws patterns on my face / These lines make shapes that can’t replace / the version of me that I hold inside / when lying with you, lying with you, lying with you.
Rémy de Gourmont, Philosophic Nights in Paris,: Being Selections from Promenades Philosophiques|Nothing returns, nothing begins anew; it is never the same thing, and yet it seems always the same. For, if the days never return, every moment brings forth new beings whose destiny it will be to create for themselves, in the course of their lives, the same illusions that have companioned and at times illuminated ours. The fabric is eternal; eternal, the embroidery. A universe dies when we die; another is born when a new creature comes to earth with a new sensibility. If, then, it is very true that nothing begins all over again, it is very just to say, too, that everything continues. One may fearlessly advance the latter statement or the former, according to whether one considers the individual or the blending of generations. From this second point of view, everything is coexistent; the same cause produces contradictory, yet logical effects. All the colors and their shades are printed at a single impression, to form the wonderful image we call life.
will.i.am|The difference between political terror and ordinary crime becomes clear during the change of regimes, in which former terrorists become well-regarded representatives of their country.
Deyth Banger|So, Colonna, please demonstrate to our friends how it's possible to respect, or appear to respect, one fundamental principle of democratic journalism, which is separating fact from opinion. ...''Simple,' I said. 'Take the major British or American newspapers. If they report, say, a fire or a car accident, then obviously they can't indulge in saying what they think. And so they introduce into the piece, in quotation marks, the statements of a witness, a man in the street, someone who represents public opinion. Those statements, once put in quotes, become facts - in other words, it's a fact that that person expressed that opinion. But it might be assumed that the journalist has only quoted someone who thinks like him. So there will be two conflicting statements to show, as a fact, that there are varying opinions on a particular issue, and the newspaper is taking account of this irrefutable fact. The trick lies in quoting first a trivial opinion and then another opinion that is more respectable, and more closely reflects the journalist's view. In this way, readers are under the impression that they are being informed about two facts, but they're persuaded to accept just one view as being more convincing.
M.F.K. Fisher, How to Cook a Wolf|You can eat alkaline foods until the cows come home, but if you're a miserable SOB, you're acidic.
Kimberly McCreight, Reconstructing Amelia|Simple" Kate had wanted to say, "I'm already dead.
Mikhail Bakunin|If God really existed, it would be necessary to abolish Him.
Blaise Pascal, Pensées|Δύο υπερβολές : ν' αποκλείουμε το Λόγο, και να μη δεχόμαστε παρά μόνο το Λόγο.
Barbara Kingsolver|Nothing is beautiful, only man: on this piece of naivete rests all aesthetics, it is the first truth of aesthetics. Let us immediately add its second: nothing is ugly but degenerate man - the domain of aesthetic judgment is therewith defined.
Theresa Rebeck|My mum had a massive influence on me, not just in what she wore and how she looked, but in her spirit. She was married to one of the most famous men in the world, and she didn't wear any makeup, ever. I mean, have you ever seen the wife of a man like that rock up with no makeup on? Because I haven't since.
Katie Reus, Breaking Her Rules|Putting a woman on the team would be a nightmare, you know that," he said as he started the engine and put the SUV in gear. "We're werewolves. How the hell do you think we're going to be able to hide that from her and do our job at the same time? And don't even get me started on the whole pheromone thing."They might be men first, and wolves second, but if there was one thing that could bring the whole Pack to its knees, it was the scent of a woman."We won't have to hide what we are if the female cop I bring in is a werewolf," Gage said.
Bill Bryson, Made in America: An Informal History of the English Language in the United States|Just a month after the completion of the Declaration of Independence, at a time when he delegates might have been expected to occupy themselves with more pressing concerns -like how they were going to win the war and escape hanging- Congress quite extraordinarily found time to debate business for a motto for the new nation. (Their choice, E Pluribus Unum, "One from Many", was taken from, of all places, a recipe for salad in an early poem by Virgil.)
Anna Lee Waldo, Sacajawea|I always know what to expect of the things of Mother Earth. Sometimes they are cruel, but it is hard, clean cruelty. They don’t torture you with their own weakness.
Hiro0911|She started to turn around, but I tugged her hand just enough for me to see her profile as she closed her eyes. She felt it as just like I did. There was an undeniable connection between us. I pulled her into my arms and with one hand moved the stray strands of her caramel hair away from her soft skin. I saw her mouth was slightly agape, and I pulled her face towards mine. I was mere centimeters from her lips, the warmth of her breath sliding against my own.“You should go Mylie or you might regret staying,” I said softly. “I don’t want to go,” she said anxiously. Damn.
Diana Valerio|Lesson learned - in doing business, do not COMPETE but be COMPETITIVE.
Rudolph Herzog, Dead Funny: Humor in Hitler's Germany|Finally, my watchers had to fess up. In embarrassed and genuinely polite tones, they said they had no other choice but to arrest me. Then they accompanied me to the prison across the way. As I entered, an extremely tall SS man leapt in front of me and asked: “Do you have any weapons?” “Why?” I responded. “Do I need any?
Mary Roach|I certainly notice the vitality in Belfast, which wasn't there in the Seventies. There was a war going on then. Now there are cranes everywhere. There really is a sense of renewal and hope.
William Powers, Twelve by Twelve: A One-Room Cabin Off the Grid and Beyond the American Dream|Curiously enough, one cannot read a book: one can only reread it. A good reader, a major reader, an active and creative reader is a rereader. And I shall tell you why. When we read a book for the first time the very process of laboriously moving our eyes from left to right, line after line, page after page, this complicated physical work upon the book, the very process of learning in terms of space and time what the book is about, this stands between us and artistic appreciation. When we look at a painting we do not have to move our eyes in a special way even if, as in a book, the picture contains elements of depth and development. The element of time does not really enter in a first contact with a painting. In reading a book, we must have time to acquaint ourselves with it. We have no physical organ (as we have the eye in regard to a painting) that takes in the whole picture and then can enjoy its details. But at a second, or third, or fourth reading we do, in a sense, behave towards a book as we do towards a painting. However, let us not confuse the physical eye, that monstrous masterpiece of evolution, with the mind, an even more monstrous achievement. A book, no matter what it is—a work of fiction or a work of science (the boundary line between the two is not as clear as is generally believed)—a book of fiction appeals first of all to the mind. The mind, the brain, the top of the tingling spine, is, or should be, the only instrument used upon a book.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb|No matter how many mistakes you make or how slow you progress, you are still way ahead of everyone who isn’t trying.
Peter Diamandis|I love the idea of being part of a campaign that captures the spirit of New York and the stories of women here, passionate about their dreams.
Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God|Daniel: So, how are you?Sophie: Buckling under the weight of a thousand expectations. You?
W. Cleon Skousen, The Naked Communist|According to old frineds who grew up with Stanley Ann Dunham, she became a serious student of Communist and Marxist theories back in high school. One profile even named a few of her radical teachers and administrators at Mercer High, which Dunham attended, whose classrooms formed part of what was called "anarchy alley." What sounds strange is that this avante-garde, supposedly idealistic communist-thinking student of the left met a major oil company executive during the radical 1960s, and not only found him not to be a repulsively evil money-grubbing capitalist pig, but was so taken in by his Big Oil company/military charm that she married him.Okay, so maybe that's not coincidence. Maybe that's just the power of love.
Stuart Hazleton, Sexscopes: How to Seduce, Stimulate, and Satisfy Any Sign|If you're only using your bed for sleep, then don't bother waking up.
Tabitha Robin|Salvation is more than a word, It is His Word. His word became flesh so we have the opportunity to live.
Kate Middleton|The biggest mistake is believing there is one right way to listen, to talk, to have a conversation - or a relationship.
M. James Airey|We came from nothing, we'll leave with nothing; might as well make the most of the brief somethingness in between
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Success stories may be great motivational material for sales seminars, but we are not always successful.
Dada Bhagwan|If someone finds a flaw [shortcoming] in us, know that there is imperfection [defect] in us. However, it is a different matter if that person has a habit of talking negatively, but generally that is not the case.
Toni Morrison, Beloved|Good for you. More it hurt more better it is. Can't nothing heal without pain, you know.
Leslie Jamison, The Empathy Exams: Essays|Washington not only fit the bill physically, he was also almost perfect psychologically, so comfortable with his superiority that he felt no need to explain himself. (As a young man during the French and Indian war he had been more outspoken, but he learned from experience to allow his sheer presence to speak for itself.) While less confident men blathered on, he remained silent, thereby making himself a vessel into which admirers for their fondest convictions, becoming a kind of receptacle for diverse aspirations that magically came together in one man.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|It is a difficult thing―if not impossible―to forgive oneself for foolish errors, not for trampling a life or goring another with sharp horns, but for being the fool who opened the gate and let the bull out, blind to potential consequences.
John Green, Paper Towns|Well," Ben went on,"someone should just tell her to come on home, because she can find the world's largest balls right here in Orlando, Florida. They're located in a special display case known as 'my scrotum.'" Radar laughed, and Ben continued. "I mean seriously. My balls are so big that when you order french fries from McDonald's, you can choose one of four sizes: small, medium,large, and my balls.
Akiroq Brost|You must know that weather or not you are practicing mental prayer has nothing to do with keeping your lips closed. If, while I am speaking with God, I am fully conscious of doing so, and if this is more real to me than the words I am uttering, then I am combining mental and vocal prayer. I am amazed when people tell me that you are speaking with God by reciting the Paternoster even while you are thinking of worldly things. When you speak with a Lord so great, you should think of Who it is you are addressing and what you yourself are, if only that you may speak to Him with proper respect. How can you address a king with the reverence he deserves unless you are clearly conscious of his position and yours?
Lee Siegel|My mother was a reader; my father was a reader. Not anything particularly sophisticated. My mother read fat historical or romantic novels; my father liked to read Westerns, Zane Grey, that kind of stuff. Whatever they brought in, I read.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|If humans are indeed products of a design, is it not wise to make humans selfish? A selfish person safeguards what’s important to him and never exchanges it to one with a lesser value. If the salvation of his soul is the most important to him, he will do everything to secure it. An unselfish person who values his soul just as much is ready to exchange his salvation for less. They are self-deniers, right?
Casey Neistat|My keen love of travel was seldom hindered by Father. He permitted me, even as a mere boy, to visit many cities and pilgrimage spots.
John Updike, Rabbit, Run|If you have the guts to be yourself, other people'll pay your price.
Salman Rushdie, The Enchantress of Florence|Sometimes by a woodland stream he watched the water rush over the pebbled bed, its tiny modulations of bounce and flow. A woman's body was like that. If you watched it carefully enough you could see how it moved to the rhythm of the world, the deep rhythm, the music below the music, the truth below the truth. He believed in this hidden truth the way other men believed in God or love, believed that truth was in fact always hidden, that the apparent, the overt, was invariably a kind of lie.
Anthony Kolos|I forced myself out of a love that I knew would only end fatally.I forced myself into the dark, until I could no longer remember how to feel with my eyes. I forced my mind to believethat someone would hold youbetter than I ever could. But the worst part was selling my soulfor a price I know I'll never repay, and forcing myself into lovewith someone who wasn't you
Jodee Blanco, Please Stop Laughing at Me... One Woman's Inspirational Story|What a desperate, pathetic fool I was. Time after time, my "friends" had shown me their true colors. Yet, I still wanted to believe they were sorry for causing me pain. p. 128
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Faith literally means “to give up, surrender, or commit.” Faith is complete confidence.
Ann Crittenden, The Price of Motherhood: Why the Most Important Job in the World is Still the Least Valued|A survey of 348 male managers at twenty Fortune 500 companies found that fathers from dual-career families put in an average of two fewer hours per week – or about 4 percent less – than men whose wives were at home. That was the only difference between the two groups of men. But the fathers with working wives, who presumably had a few more domestic responsibilities, earned almost 20 percent less.
Iesha S. Walker, Seasons|Remember this one thing baby girl, women don’t juggle…we diversify!
Charles Baudelaire|One should always be drunk. That's all that matters...But with what? With wine, with poetry, or with virtue, as you chose. But get drunk.
K.J. Parker|Secretly, deep down, everybody on Earth believes they can write poetry, apart from the members of the Poets' Guild, who know they can't.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Stop!" Narcissus got to his feet. "This is not right! This person is obviously not awesome, so he must be..." He struggled for the right words. It had probably been a long time since he'd talked about anything other than himself. "He must be tricking us." Apparently Narcissus wasn't completely stupid.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Toxic In The Mind: daily use of the mind that kills you slowly|Not everything you meet twice is the truth. Not everything you hear twice is the fact, and not everything you ponder over and over can help you!
Rebecca McKinsey, Anterria|Just as we expect others to value our boundaries, it's equally important for us to respect the boundaries of others.
Ana M Frith|Life is like a train ride, the journey takes time and is challenging.  Ana Maria Frith, Limitless: Change Your Life
Serena Jade, Charismatic Connection: The Authentic Soul Mate Experience|We can't get the power of will with a pill." -Serena Jade
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Pray FOR positive outcomes, never ON perceived dilemmas
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|I can manage," said Frodo. "I must.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Our government is certainly going to fall like a rope of sand if unsupported by the moral fabric of God’s Word. The moral structure in our country grew from Judeo-Christian roots. When those values are applied, they produce moral fruits. But if that structure disappears, the moral sentiment that shapes our nation’s goals will disappear with it.
Gail Dayton, Heart's Blood|Every week, Michael went to Dean and DeLuca to buy your pears." She shook her head, remembering. "He waas going to school, and he had no money, so he stretched every penny like this -" She made a motion as if she were pulling on rubber band. "But he wanted you to have the best pears. For you, only the best would do.
Laure Eve, Fearsome Dreamer|She might have been there for you in the aftermath, but I was there when everything came crashing down.
Nick Jonas|I have a completely addictive personality. Diet Coke is my last - God, I know people counting days off Diet Coke; I'm such a Diet Cokehead. Now I won't let myself buy it.
C. JoyBell C.|It is difficult to feel things very strongly in a world wherein most of the time, the majority seem to be intoxicated and often senseless.
Rachel Dacus, Gods of Water and Air|I love the needle poke, the red pop/ and when an arc of red drops,/ quivering and shaped like wings/ beg me to lick them off,/ quickly savoring your shoulder/ newly marked with a nearly invisible/ but indelible butterfly
Octavia Spencer|I'm from Canada, and New Zealand feels like you took all the best bits of Canada and squished them onto a tiny island like Hawaii. I was absolutely blown away by the beauty of the South Island.
Dodie Bellamy, The Buddhist|public display and operatic suffering—an in-your-face owning of one’s vulnerability and fucked-upness to the point of embarrassing and offending tight-asses is a powerful feminist strategy. Writing is tough work, I don’t see how anyone can really write from a position of weakness. Sometimes I may start out in that position, but the act of commandeering words flips me into a position of power.
Ilyas Kassam|Your inability to see the wisdom in someone else is not a reflection on their lack of perspicacity, it is a reflection on yours.
Bartholomew Augustine Santamaria|Archbishop Mannix was possessed of the clearest intellect I have ever encountered. He prayed regularly for five hours and more each day, this in the midst of a life of intense activity. When he was well over ninety, I once asked him about the precise quality of the Faith which had sustained him. His answer? 'My Faith has always been like a thin silken thread, fraying perpetually at the brink of a precipice over which I hang. Yet the thread has never snapped.
John F. Kennedy|There's a difference between an outburst of spontaneous anger, which doesn't have a political objective, and a more measured response that we saw in the Occupy Wall Street movement.
Laura Goode, Sister Mischief|It's not like I want to get discovered, exactly, the way you hear actresses getting picked off at diners. It's more about my own road to discovery like pecking my way out of a shell. I just want to roll deep with a pack of talented bastards. Doesn't everybody? - Esme from Sister Mischief
Kim Chandler McDonald, Flat World Navigation: Collaboration and Networking in the Global Digital Economy|Your business should serve specific needs for specific demographics of people. That way, your marketing efforts will be more laser-focused and effective.
Dada Bhagwan|Everything is happening according to the ‘drawing’ [past causes], You just have to ‘see’ them. Desires are ‘drawings’ too.
Tammara Webber, Breakable|My mother always pouted that it was actually her paintings and not her charm, her beauty or her sass that made him fall in love with her. He'd always insisted that it was definitely her sass. I knew the truth. He fell for all those things, and when she died, it was like someone had extinguished the sun, and he had nothing left to orbit.
Kimberly Elise|I think a gentleman is someone who holds the comfort of other people above their own. The instinct to do that is inside every good man, I believe. The rules about opening doors and buying dinner and all of that other 'gentleman' stuff is a chess game, especially these days.
Anna Kendrick|For the better part of my adult life, I proudly avoided nerd/nimrod/goober status. I was always just cool enough.
Nick Cannon|And my dad drilled it in my head, you know, 'If you want it bad enough, and you're willing to make the sacrifices, you can do it. But first you have to believe in yourself.
Robin S. Sharma|Not every dog that barks, bites.
Douglas Coupland, The Gum Thief|I think if human beings had genuine courage, they'd wear their costumes every day of the year, not just on Halloween. Wouldn't life be more interesting that way? And now that I think about it, why the heck don't they? Who made the rule that everybody has to dress like sheep 364 days of the year? Think of all the people you'd meet if they were in costume every day. People would be so much easier to talk to - like talking to dogs. 
Daniel Dennett|Observe, record, tabulate, communicate. Use your five senses. Learn to see, learn to hear, learn to feel, learn to smell, and know that by practice alone you can become expert.
Ani San, Breathe|After a while, it all started to fade. No more pain, no more unwanted thoughts and no sound. Just darkness. I welcomed it. I was done.
Maximillian Degenerez|I remember my fourth grade teacher reading 'Charlotte's Web' and 'Stuart Little' to us - both, of course, by E. B. White. His stories were genuinely funny, thought provoking and full of irony and charm. He didn't condescend to his readers, which was why I liked his books, and why I wasn't a big reader of other children's' books.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|To love your weakness, negativity and darkness is to accept half of who you are.
Kiersten White, Now I Rise|I think if you had been born a boy, perhaps you would have been satisfied with what the world offered you. That is how we are alike. We saw everything that was not ours, and we hungered. Do not lose that hunger. You will always have to fight for everything. Even when you already have it, you will have to keep fighting to maintain it. You will have to be more ruthless, more brutal, more everything. Any weakness will undo everything you have accomplished. They will see any crack as evidence that they were right that a woman cannot do what you do.
Alen Sargsyan|Moreover, the sciences are monuments devoted to the public good; each citizen owes to them a tribute proportional to his talents. While the great men, carried to the summit of the edifice, draw and put up the higher floors, the ordinary artists scattered in the lower floors, or hidden in the obscurity of the foundations, must only seek to improve what cleverer hands have created.
Annie Dillard, Teaching a Stone to Talk: Expeditions and Encounters|I would like to learn, or remember, how to live.
Elon Musk|The waving of a pine tree on the top of a mountain - a magic wand in Nature's hand - every devout mountaineer knows its power; but the marvelous beauty value of what the Scotch call a breckan in a still dell, what poet has sung this?
Adolf Guggenbühl-Craig, Matrimonio: Vivi o morti|The indigenous peoples of the great tourist spots seem to lose their souls. All cultural, religious, and political efforts and ideals are crippled since the culture is engaged only in luring ever more tourists. It is not the contact with an essentially foreign population that corrupts the inhabitants of the great foreign resorts. It is the contact with great masses of people who are seeking fir the moment only well-being and not salvation that weakens and devalues the indigenous population.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Thorns and Roses|But the sky...cumulonimbus clouds are stacked and banked to the stratosphere, and the lowering sun has bronzed and brassed and blushed them. these are clouds to make you long for wings. These are clouds that leave you not knowing what to believe. - - - Population 485 - Meeting your Neighbors One Siren at a Time
Robert Galbraith, The Cuckoo's Calling|Sometimes I feel like a normal person. Sometimes I forget I’m on parole, that I’m not really free.
Sigmund Freud|The woman who refuses to see her sexual organs as mere wood chips, designed to make the man's life more comfortable, is in danger of becoming a lesbian--an active, phallic woman, an intellectual virago with a fire of her own .... The lesbian body is a particularly pernicious and depraved version of the female body in general; it is susceptible to auto-eroticism, clitoral pleasure and self-actualization.
Kenji Yoshino, A Thousand Times More Fair: What Shakespeare's Plays Teach Us About Justice|To read Shakespeare is to feel encompassed -- the plays contain practically every word I know, practically every character type I have ever met, and practically every idea I have ever had.
Sunday Adelaja|SUMMIT PLUMMETCeleb's conquest of a mountain, then jumping off, too exhausted to descendKamil Ali
Margaret Peterson Haddix, Under Their Skin|Biology, list history, is not built with 'if's.
Ladislav Sukovský|In my mind, I rebuild this world hundred times.
Wayne Dyer|Children have a remarkable talent for not taking the adult world with the kind of respect we are so confident it ought to be given. To the irritation of authority figures of all sorts  children expend considerable energy in "clowning around." They refuse to appreciate the gravity of our monumental concerns  while we forget that if we were to become more like children our concerns might not be so monumental.
Hanne Arts, Just Perfect|What was wrong with me? Why could I not just flip the switch and see all the brightness ahead if only I chose the correct path? Or rather, why could I see the correct path but not choose to tread upon it?
Joyce Carol Oates, My Sister, My Love|For in America this season is decreed “family season”. (Eat your hearts out, you pitiable loners who don’t have families!) Melancholy as Thanksgiving is, the Christmas-New year’s season is far worse and lasts far longer, providing rich fund of opportunities for self-medicating, mental collapse, suicide and public mayhem with firearms. In fact it might be argued that the Christmas-New year’s season which begins abruptly after Thanksgiving is now the core-sason of American life itself, the meaning of American life„ the brute existencial point of it. How without families must envy us who bask in parental love, in the glow of yule-logs burning in fireplaces stoked by our daddie’s robust pokers, we who are stuffed to bursting with our mummie’s frantic holiday cooking; how you wish you could be us, pampered/protected kids tearing expensive foil wrappings off too many packages to count, gathered about the Christmas tree on Christmas morning as Mummy gently chided: “Skyler! Bliss! Show Daddy and Mummy what you’ve just opened, please! And save the little cards, so you know who gave such nice things to you
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|You may gain a position, but that does not mean you've gained leadership. You may lose position, but that does not mean you've lost leadership! When you gain true character, you can leadership and when you lose it, you cease to be a leader!
Samuel Horsley|May I say, finally, that I have no illusions of grandeur; quite to the contrary, I am very humble in my knowledge that through forty years of my life my life has been an open book of service to my fellow architects and for the public good.
Compton Gage, Devil's Inception|Secret glances are shared by those on the "inside" or esoteric "inner circle", who have literally gone into many lower frequencies simultaneously. This is the "secret glance" of love, which allows the higher to operate in the lower; to "save" those worlds in order to correct the impending takeover of the "Devil and his demons", a metaphor for light and dark "battles" raging today.
Annie Dillard|Like charity, I believe glamour should begin at home.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Do not rush to judge someone unless his/her fruits reveal the truth. However, don't forget; mostly, it's not the fault of the tree to produce bitter fruits. Sometimes, the soil determines that; blame the source! Deal with the soil! Don't deal with the tree! Other trees are there that the same soil can influence! Don't deal with your enemy, deal with the satan that sponsors them!
Edward B. Hanna, The Whitechapel Horrors|In a way, a garden is the most useless of creations, the most slippery of creations: it is not like a painting or a piece of sculpture—it won’t accrue value as time goes on. Time is its enemy’ time passing is merely the countdown for the parting between garden and gardener.
Alice Hoffman, Practical Magic|I think the only necessary conclusion is that we are too beautiful, because being not beautiful at all just doesn't make sense.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|Mind is the Alpha – Mind is the Omega. There is nothing else in the pursuit of knowledge. And more importantly, there is nothing else in education. All systems of the society should serve the mind, instead of the mind serving the systems.
Elizabeth Brundage, Somebody Else's Daughter|As corny as it sounds, Gallagher said, life is very long. You're supposed to mess up when you're young and other people sometimes benefit from your mistakes-as you did in this case. But things rarely stay the same. People grow up and change. They move on.
Debra Holland, Mail-Order Brides of the West: Bertha: A Montana Sky Novella|Don’t be sorry, Darlin’”, he said in his best cowboy drawl, “for I’m certainly not. It’s not every day a man like me gets to assist such a pretty lady. Any time you need help in or out of a wagon, you just give me a holler” he said in a teasing tone, “I’ll be right there, hoping you’ll fall in my arms again.
Harriet Jones|Oh! what a silly Thing is Woman! How vain, how unreasonable!
Louise Mack, A Woman's Experiences in the Great War: An Australian Author's Clandestine Journey Through War-Torn Belgium|If you asked why the post had not come, or why the boat did not sail for England, or why your coffee was cold, or why your boots were not cleaned, or why your window was shut, or why the canary didn't sing,-you would always be sure to be told, "c'est la guerre!
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is even the subtlest desire, the ‘Eternal Thing’ cannot be attained.
Jason Daniel Chaplin|I Think, Therefore I Am ... I Think ...
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|We lead our lives like water flowing down a hill, going more or less in one direction until we splash into something that forces us to find a new course.
Julie B.  Campbell, The Elephant Wolf|I don't understand why everyone loves you and feels this need to protect me against you or warn me against you." It was insulting, to tell the truth. Everyone just assumed she'd roll over... "Everyone just automatically assumes that you're after me and that I'm going to fall for you. It's insulting.
Luccini Shurod, The Painter|Forever and an InstantForever and an instant met up one day,had a short but lovely talk,then each went on its way.
H. Jackson Brown Jr.|Well, dude,” said Khalil, “sometimes you just have to get over shit.
Gary Inbinder, The Flower to the Painter|I have found that those who try to shield us from the truth, regardless of the reason, end up doing the greatest harm. Truth alone sets you free, not lies and omissions.
Charles A. Beard|Equal pay isn't just a women's issue; when women get equal pay, their family incomes rise and the whole family benefits.
Steven Pressfield, Gates of Fire: An Epic Novel of the Battle of Thermopylae|I am concerned for the security of our great Nation; not so much because of any treat from without, but because of the insidious forces working from within.
Chuck Palahniuk, Diary|Angel says that rich people don't like to tolerate much. Money gives you permission to just walk away from everything that isn't pretty and perfect. You can't put up with anything less than lovely. You spend your life running, avoiding, escaping.
Socrates|Don't Make Assumptions. Find the courage to ask questions and to express what you really want. Communicate with others as clearly as you can to avoid misunderstandings, sadness and drama. With just this one agreement, you can completely transform your life.
Dubravka Ugrešić|He claimed to be a Marxist, the only one of his claims I believed. He had that Marxist passion for oysters and good Sancerre, and that Marxist paralysis when the waiter brought the check. Already it’s obvious how much the Communists got wrong, overbetting on human high-mindedness, lowballing human desire.
Cassandra Clare|He has got no good red blood in his body," said Sir James."No. Somebody put a drop under a magnifying glass, and it was all semicolons and parentheses," said Mrs. Cadwallader.
Ellen Connor, Daybreak|Penelope Sheehan, I love you more than the sunrise over the ocean, more than freedom. I would die, willingly, to keep you from a moment's pain. I promise you the full strength of my back and spirit in our shared journey, all the days of our lives. I will never forsake or betray you. I am yours to my last breath.
Nicola Sturgeon|I once said to my father, when I was a boy, 'Dad we need a third political party.' He said to me, 'I'll settle for a second.'
Anton Szandor LaVey|She ran her hand over his head then gripped his hair. "More licking. Less talking.
Rick Riordan, The Lost Hero|My point is that love is the most powerful motivator in the world. It spurs mortals to greatness. Their noblest, bravest acts are done for love.
Denise Fainberg, Walking Through Sunflowers: Through Deepest France on the Road to Compostela|It's amazing how the more thankful I am, the more things I get to be thankful for.
Chris Lester, Making the Cut|It’s not a question of what you want. No sane person ever WANTS a war. But if you see outsiders as a threat and believe that an armed defense is the only way you’re going to be safe from them, then you’re going to find yourselves in the middle of a war whether you want one or not.
Charles Bukowski|I walked around the library looking for books. I pulled them off the shelves, one by one. But they were all tricks. They were very dull. There were pages and pages of words that didn't say anything. Or if they did say something they took too long to say it and by the time they said it you already were too tired to have it matter at all. I tried book after book. Surely, out of all those books, there was one.
Eliza Crewe, Cracked|Oooooh, don’t make her mad!” the leader gasps around his laughter.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Realise your Stewardship role as a parent – you raise children to offer a quality gift to society. Even your spouse should not be treated as an object or possession you own; support them to be the best of what they were created to be. Do your part and trust God for the rest. If you have empowered them, trust them to be responsible.
Bill Frist|I like guitar. It just turned out that it's the instrument I learned to play. I have a lot of respect for it, and I'm learning more and more every day. For me, the classic band setup - guitars, drums, bass - will stay fresh forever. I don't know. I'm still into it.
Rosemary Sutcliff, Blue Remembered Hills: A Recollection|She would never, ever understand the idea that a child, especially an infant, was of more value than an adult who had already gained all the skills needed to benefit the community. The death of potential was somehow worse than a loss of achievement and knowledge was something she had never been able to wrap her brain around.
Barack Obama|In the unlikely story that is America, there has never been anything false about hope.
Jeff Giles|If I'm laughing, you know I'm either very happy or very sad. I cope with things with jokes.
Roger Ailes|The very phrase 'Oscar night' used to accelerate my pulse. For one thing - dating myself - it meant Bob Hope. He always had good, strong jokes, that faultless delivery, and always a new joke about his own films' failure - once again - to be honored.
Nayeem Khan|If love wasn't blind,some people don't deserve anything
Frederick Smith|In an environment where there is a shared vision of excellence, where people can be the best they can be on a daily basis, where they know what is expected of them, understand that reward is linked to performance, and believe they can make a difference because they will be heard, they will make a difference. They will go beyond our expectations and great things will happen.
Marie de Rabutin-Chantal de Sévigné|If you are not feeling well, if you have not slept, chocolate will revive you. But you have no chocolate! I think of that again and again! My dear, how will you ever manage?
Nicole Gulla, The Lure of the Moon|You can't take away something she never fully had. She may have been promised to me, but my heart will never belong to her!
Tim Ferriss|As for those grapefruit and buttermilk diets, I'll take roast chicken and dumplings.
Jonathan  Davis|Everyone marries the Duke of Westminster. There are a lot of duchesses, but only one Coco Chanel.
ER Photography|When I make a picture, I make love.
Tom  Collins|Wehehehehell, if it isn’t Ollie-Ollie-oxidant-free..."You can take…all the tea in China…put it in a big brown…bag for me.He’s as sweet as tupelo honey; he’s an angel of the first degree.Men with insight…men in granite…knights in armor bent on…chivalry.He’s as sweet as…tupelo honey; just like honey, baby…from the bee."=> For those who read and liked "When Irish eyes are sparkling"Can i have a musician here?
Karl Barth, Evangelical Theology: An Introduction|God is the greatest thing that exists, ever has existed or ever will…for us to glory in anything else, would be sin, as there is nothing greater than God, there is no calling greater than praising God.
Phillip Crawford Jr., The Mafia and the Gays|Support Gay Liberation the whole way. But forget the practice. Nothing in it but the pain. They can say in public that I'm queer, but that doesn't mean I have to be. Tell the truth––then outwit it in private.
Michelle Rowen, Dark Kiss|Mary Fisher lives in a High Tower, on the edge of the sea: she writes a great deal about the nature of love. She tells lies.
Pete McCarthy, McCarthy's Bar: A Journey of Discovery In Ireland|I travel the world. I Take nothing but pictures, kill nothing but time and leave nothing but footprints.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|I do not belong to anyone! Certainly not to a self-centered, brute of man, err...being or whatever it is you are, person!" she fumbled.
H. R. Giger|But I'm not imaginative. I couldn't look into the future, like Star Wars or Robots or anything like that.
Michelle Yeoh|Airplanes were invented by natural selection. Now you can say that intelligent design designs our airplanes of today, but there was no intelligent design really designing those early airplanes. There were probably at least 30,000 different things tried, and when they crash and kill the pilot, don't try that again.
Stephen King, Joyland|When you’retwenty-one, life is a roadmap.It’s only when you get to betwenty-five or so that youbegin to suspect you’ve beenlooking at the map upsidedown, and not until you’reforty are you entirely sure.
Jon Morrison, Life Hacks: Nine Ideas That Will Change How You Do Everything|The beautiful thing about being a Christian is that you never have to allow all the garbage from the road behind you to get flung onto where you walk today." (Life Hacks, p.32
Hazel Gaynor, The Girl from the Savoy|…life is as fragile as a butterfly win and we must carry it lightly. Sometimes it will sit happily in our hands, sometimes it will fly away from us, but in the end---no matter the distance or the complications in between---the things we truly care for will always come back to us.
Maisie A. Smikle|Jesus is in your cornerNo matter how smallOr how large your corner may beLet Him know That you knowHe is thereAnd always will beThat caring friendThat You will always have Now and foreverIs Jesus Christ, Lord and Saviour xoxoxo! muah! lol!He just blew a kiss right in your cornerHave a blessed day!
Hina Hashmi, Your Life A Practical Guide to Happiness Peace and Fulfilment|When you ask, feel and believe- you receive. You hold everything in your consciousness. There is an unlimited supply of ideas waiting for you to tap into and to bring forth.
Elizabeth Winder, Pain, Parties, Work: Sylvia Plath in New York, Summer 1953|So you have to be humble in dealing with the spaces and make sure they are used according to their unique purpose for which there is no alternative...art, if you like, is really a lack of alternatives."-Jonathan Meese
Akilnathan Logeswaran|Ti­tles are granted or in­her­ited, no­bil­ity isn't. Whatever paper we receive, be it of material or immaterial value – it will never exceed the value of your character being loved by people!
Stephen Gardiner|Together let us desire, conceive, and create the new structure of the future, which will embrace architecture and sculpture and painting in one unity and which will one day rise toward Heaven from the hands of a million workers like the crystal symbol of a new faith.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|They lived off each other's hypocrisy, fuelling a worthless market of trash.
Sōseki Natsume, Sanshirō|Tokyo is bigger than Kumamoto. And Japan is bigger than Tokyo. And even bigger than Japan... Even bigger than Japan is the inside of your head. Don't ever surrender yourself ― not to Japan, not to anything. You may think that what you're doing is for the sake of the nation, but let something take possession of you like that, and all you do is bring it down.
Bill Clegg|I cannot stand that whole game of confession, that is: Here I have sinned, now I'm confessing my sins, and describing my path of sin and then in the act of confession I beg for your forgiveness and redemption.
Anne Sullivan|Loving a child doesn't mean giving in to all his whims; to love him is to bring out the best in him, to teach him to love what is difficult.
David Grossman, Her Body Knows|A brief, well-crafted story that is relevant to your topic is one of the most potent ways to maintain the attention of your audience. But the story must be kind. Benjamin Disraeli said: "Never tell unkind stories." Inconsiderate and insensitive stories do not bring grace to those who hear them, and may actually leave the audience dispirited.
Shari Arison|Breathing in, I am aware of my heart. Breathing out, I smile to my heart and know that my heart still functions normally. I feel grateful for my heart.
Ha Myung-hee (writer), said by Dr. Jung YoonDo, Doctors (닥터스)|I'm going to go where my heart takes me, even if it's a messy road.
Catherine Sanderson, Petite Anglaise|Cherubs fan our foolish fires, filling hearts with mad desires. They prick our pride and haughtiness with quick, angelic naughtiness.
Albert Camus|Statistics are the triumph of the quantitative method, and the quantitative method is the victory of sterility and death.
Maisie A. Smikle|You are good groundThe seeds are sownNurture them with faithGuard them with prayerKeep the crows away with the word of GodYour seeds will grow and bear good fruitsOf love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness, and self-control.
Agnostic Zetetic|THIS IS WHAT A MAN LOOKS LIKE. HE DOES NOT HAVE TO BE AESTHETICALLY PLEASING; HE DOES NOT HAVE TO BE MUSCULAR; HE DESERVES NOT TO BE PHOTOSHOPPED. HE IS HUMAN, AND HE HAS BLEMISHES. HERE HE STANDS, VISIBLE. HE SEES YOU ALL, COUNTLESS INVISIBLE OTHERS LIKE HIM. THIS BODY IS ACCEPTABLE — PUBESCENT, AWKWARD, MARRED. YOU DON’T HAVE TO BE INVISIBLE. WE ARE ALL GOOD ENOUGH. THERE IS NOTHING WRONG WITH OUR BODIES.
Marty Rubin|I like paths that lead nowhere, that leave you wondering where you are.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Your children are not your children.They are the sons and daughters of Life’s longing for itself.They come through you but not from you,And though they are with you yet they belong not to you.You might give them your love but not your thoughts,For they have their own thoughts.
Kelly Cutrone, If You Have to Cry, Go Outside: And Other Things Your Mother Never Told You|Honesty is a heart that betrays itself for a dream, a moment, a kiss.
Paula McLain, Circling the Sun|He stared into his coffee, thinking quietly. "But you've never been afraid of anything, have you?""I have, though," I said, surprised at my own emotion. "I've been terrified... I just haven't let it stop me
Debasish Mridha|Fill your heart with kindness and forgiveness, there will be no stress, anger, or bitterness.
Coleman Dowell, Island People|As more busier and overwhelmed you're, as more free time you have.
Vicki Myron|Corliss wondered what happens to a book that sits unread on a library shelf for thirty years. Can a book rightfully be called a book if it never gets read?...'How many books never get checked out," Corliss asked the librarian. 'Most of them,' she said.Corliss never once considered the fate of library books. She loved books. How could she not worry about the unread? She felt like a disorganized scholar, an abusive mother, and a cowardly soldier.'Are you serious?' Corliss asked. 'What are we talking about here? If you were guessing, what is the percentage of books in this library that never get checked out?' 'We're talking sixty percent of them. Seriously. Maybe seventy percent. And I'm being optimistic. It's probably more like eighty or ninety percent. This isn't a library, it's an orphanage.'The librarian talked in a reverential whisper. Corliss knew she'd misjudged this passionate woman. Maybe she dressed poorly, but she was probably great in bed, certainly believed in God and goodness, and kept an illicit collection of overdue library books on her shelves.
Joe Hill|I have a deep-down belief that there are folks in the world who are good through and through, and others who came in mean and will go out mean. It's like coffee. Once it's roasted, it all looks brown. Until you pour hot water on it and see what comes out. Folks get into hot water, you see what comes out.
Phoenix, The Book of One: How to Unify Your Body, Spirit and Soul|The prophecy, "The Revelation of Christ" is about mankind's journey into a darker reality and then our quest to create a light based reality. We can only create a light based reality when we have re-created our collective spirit to make it strong enough to hold light.
Martin Heidegger, Contributions to Philosophy|Here, the asking of the question who we are is in fact more dangerous than any other opposition found at the same level of certainty about man (the final form of Marxism, which has essentially nothing to do with either Judaism or even with Russia; if somewhere a non-developed spiritualism is still slumbering, it is in the Russian people; Bolshevism is originally Western; it is a European possibility: the emergence of the masses, industry, technology, the extinction of Christianity; but inasmuch as the dominance of reason as an equalizing of everyone is but the consequence of Christianity and as the latter is fundamentally of Jewish origin (cf. Nietzsche's thought on the slave revolt with respect to morality), Bolshevism is in fact Jewish; but then Christianity is also fundamentally Bolshevist! And what are the decisions that become necessary on that basis?). But the danger of the question "Who are we?" is at the same time--if danger can necessitate what is highest--the sole path by which to succeed in coming to ourselves and thus in initiating the original salvation, that is, the justification of the Occident on the basis of its history. The danger of this question is in itself so essential for us that it loses the appearance of opposition to the new German will.
Paulo Coelho, Aleph|Don’t be intimidated by other people’s opinions. Only mediocrity is sure of itself, so take risks and do what you really want to do.
Lao Tzu|Unfortunately, some of our poor choices are irreversible, but many are not. Often, we can change course and get back on the right track.
Katharine Hepburn, Me: Stories of My Life|I took a little walk outside for a while. I was surprised that I wasn't feeling what I thought people were supposed to feel under the circumstances. May be I was fooling myself. I wasn't delighted, but I didn't feel terribly upset, perhaps because we had known for a long time that it was going to happen.It's hard to explain. If a Martian(who, we'll imagine never dies except by accident) came to Earth and saw this peculiar race of creatures-these humans who live about seventy or eighty years, knowing that death is going to come--it would look to hi like a terrible problem of psychology to live under those circumstances, knowing that life is only temporary Well, we humans somehow figure out how to live despite this problem: we laugh, we joke, we live.The only difference for me and Arlene was, instead of fifty years, it was five years. It was only a quantitative difference--the psychological problem was just the same. The only way it would have become any different is if we had said to ourselves, "But those other people have it better, because they might live fifty years." But that's crazy. Why make yourself miserable saying things like, "Why do we have such bad luck? What has God done to us? What have we done to deserve this?"--all of which, if you understand reality and take it completely into your heart, are irrelevant and unsolvable. They are just things that nobody can know. Your situation is just an accident of life..We had a hell of good time together...
Luke Rhinehart, The Dice Man|and now i am back in the grey world where it tastes like plastic, the monotony is buzzing through my jaws and the boredom is pulling my hair.
Travis Bradberry|A city is not gauged by its length and width, but by the broadness of its vision and the height of its dreams.
Robert Farrar Capon, The Supper of the Lamb: A Culinary Reflection|The food is ready,” Zil announced to loud cheers.“But we have something more important to do, first, before we can eat.”Groans.“We have to carry out some justice.”That earned a silent stare until Turk and Hank started raising their hands and yelling, showing the crowd how to act.“This mutant, this nonhuman scum here, this freak Hunter…” Zil pointed, arm stretched out, at his captive. “This chud deliberately murdered my best friend, Harry.”“Na troo,” Hunter said. His mouth still didn’t work right. Brain damage, Zil supposed, from the little knock on his head. Half of Hunter’s face drooped like it wasn’t quite attached right. It made it easier for the crowd of kids to sneer at him, and Hunter, yelling in his drooling retard voice, wasn’t helping his case.“He’s a killer!” Zil cried suddenly, smacking his fist into his palm.“A freak! A mutant!” he cried. “And we know what they’re like, right? They always have enough food. They run everything. They’re in charge and we’re all starving. Is that some kind of coincidence? No way.”“Na troo,” Hunter moaned again.“Take him!” Zil cried to Antoine and Hank. “Take him, the murdering mutant scum!”They seized Hunter by the arms. He could walk, but only by dragging one leg. They half carried, half marched him across the plaza. They dragged him up the church steps.“Now,” Zil said, “here is how we’re going to do this.” He waved his hand toward the rope that Lance was unspooling back through the plaza.An expectant pause. A dangerous, giddy feeling. The smell of the meat had them all crazy. Zil could feel it.“You all want some of this delicious venison?”They roared their assent.“Then you’ll all grab on to the rope.
Michael Thomas Ford, Suicide Notes|Where are Haldad my father, and Haldad my brother? If the king of Doriath fears a friendship between Haleth and those who have devoured her kin, then the ways of the Eldar are strange to Men.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|We both were there, but alone. "Bye," she said and left; I was alone; again, one more time.
Suzy Kassem|Your faith is your conscience, and your conscience is your faith. You cannot have faith without a conscience, but you can have a conscience without faith. Man was designed to be good with or without religion, yet the challenge for many is staying good. Some people claim to be religious but have no conscience, while some people without religion are very much aware of their conscience. Therefore, a religious label does not define your character or validate your worth. In the end, all men will be judged by the amount of truth in them and the weight of their hearts. The heavier the conscience, the heavier the truth. The lighter the heart, the higher it goes. The only spiritual currency one has in the afterlife is amassed in the form of light, in that, the amount you have depends on the weight of your words and deeds in the living. Conscience is everything. Conscience is what connects us to the truth and light of the highest power source of all. God. The cosmic heart of the universe.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Never leave your life plan to be determined by people who are not going where you are going. For the sake of your dreams and also for the sake of the people God created to benefit from your God-give talents, stay away from toxic people. Mount the shoulder giants and see farther ahead!
Giacomo Casanova|A man doesn't know what happiness is until he's married. By then, it's too late.
Klaus Schwab|Natural gas is a better transportation fuel than gasoline, so if that's the case, it's cheaper, it's cleaner and it's a domestic resource.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Imagine how many new friends you would make, how much new business you could create, and how much fun you could have by simply taking the initiative to be the inviter.
Jackson Browne|It's our money, and we're free to spend it any way we please.
Nas|When we respect everybody around us, we are in peace with everybody around us.
Craig Groeschel, The Christian Atheist: Believing in God but Living As If He Doesn't Exist|But God does give us responsibility, and it takes biblical faith to do those things in dependence on God.
Paul McAuley, Something Coming Through|The Greeks used to say that gods and animals were born whole. It is only humans who need to develop, that they become complete only with the help of a community. It’s the state of that community that can turn a human into a god or a beast.” She dropped the bee into the terrarium and returned it slowly to the table. “Maybe that’s bullshit. I happen to like the beasts.
Leah Raeder, Unteachable|Part of falling in love with someone is actually falling in love with yourself. Realizing that you're gorgeous, you're fearless and unpredictable, you're a firecracker spitting light, entrancing a hundred faces that stare up at you with starry eyes.
Michelle Franklin, I Hate Summer: My tribulations with seasonal depression, anxiety, plumbers, spiders, neighbours, and the world.|Why are you wailing away? What is the matter with you?”“I was playing and—“ and her lip quivered as she spoke, “—and it was cloudy, and then—“ a sniff, “—and then, as I was playing, the sun came out.”I gave her a flat look. “You’re crying because the sun came out?”“Yes,” she moped, wiping the tears from her eyes, “the sun came out, and now—“ she heaved, “—and now, it’s hot! I don’t like it when it’s hot. Being hot is dumb!”I immediately absolved her of all previous sins. I slumped over the sill and gave her as much sympathy as my now warm face allowed. “Yes, child, being hot is very dumb indeed. Very well, you have a reason for crying. But then why are you outside?”“Because it was too hot inside and mommy won’t let me have ice cream.”“Well, there is your problem. You must get an air conditioner and a new mother.
Felicia Day, You're Never Weird on the Internet|I had no confidence in myself. I was a fraud. Who was I to pick up a pen and expect anything good to come from it? I expected perfection as soon as the pencil hit the paper, and since that's impossible, I couldn't get myself to start. Then I felt guilty about not starting which made me want to start even less.
Cristina Rayne, Claimed by the Elven King: The Complete Edition|His enormous cock slid into my slick passage once again, stretching my delicate tissues to the brink of what I could comfortably handle, and my feelings of excitement and arousal exploded exponentially. I moved to wrap my legs around him, but before I could, he dug his arms beneath my back and lifted us both up until he was sitting back onto his haunches and I was straddling him across his lap, his cock reaching even deeper into me so that I felt that it was almost splitting me in two.
John-Talmage Mathis, For the (Soon) Unemployed: You Against Them|If you are in a pit of stress or despair, don’t succumb to defeat. Don’t accept that difficult place as your fate. Even though God has allowed you to be there right now, he never intended for you to live there. Our God is bigger then whatever problem you are facing. The only way to see past the problem is to believe that he has not forgotten or abandoned you and that, at the exact time that he has ordained, he will reach down and pick you up.
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|She'd obviously read the book many times before, and so she read flawlessly and confidently, and I could hear her smile in the reading of it, and the sound of that smile made me think that maybe I would like novels better if Alaska Young read them to me.
Lloyd Kaufman|In our racist, sexist society, Christmas is the 8 hours when we stop killing each other and gratutious over eating is encouraged so that the starving and other people in the world can die!
Aleksandra Layland, Ansgar: The Struggle of a People. The Triumph of the Heart.|What is it that makes us who we are and what we are? Is it only our blood, the color of our hair, our skin, and our eyes? Or is it believing in what we believe and living the way we live?
Edith Wharton, The Age of Innocence|There were certain things that had to be done, and if done at all, done handsomely and thoroughly; and one of these, in the old New York code, was the tribal rally around a kinswoman about to be eliminated from the tribe.
Patrice Kindl, Keeping the Castle|Have you strayed from the path leading to heaven? Then call on Mary, for her name means "Star of the Sea, the North Star which guides the ships of our souls during the voyage of this life," and she will guide you to the harbor of eternal salvation.
Erik Pevernagie|Dream!Forge yourself and riseOut of your mind and into others.Men, be women.Fish, be flies.Girls, take beards.Sons, be your mothers.The future of the world now liesIn coral wombs behind our eyes.
Adam Berlin Belmondo Style|All right, Chris, you've given me a breather. I'm prepared foranything.And thank you for saying all of that, and for loving me, for youhaven't gone unloved, or unadmired, yourself." I kissed him quickly onthe lips, and told him to go on, to hit me with his knockout blow."Really, Chris, I know you must have something perfectly awful to tellme-so out with it. Keep holding me as you tell me, and I can standanything you have to say.
Robert Louis Stevenson|You can forgive people who do not follow you through a philosophical disquisition; but to find your wife laughing when you had tears in your eyes, or staring when you were in a fit of laughter, would go some way towards a dissolution of the marriage.
Alexandra Fuller, Scribbling the Cat|You can't rewind war. It spools on, and on, and on, looping and jumping, distorted and cracked with age, and the stories contract until only the nuggets of hatred remain and no one can even remember, or imagine, why the war was organized in the first place.
Kate Grenville|Until a thing was seen, could it be said to exist? And if his eye through the telescope were the one that brought a certain star into existence, did not that make him a creator?
Emil M. Cioran, The Temptation to Exist|We breathe too fast to be able to grasp things in themselves or to expose their fragility. Our panting postulates and distorts them, creates and disfigures them, and binds us to them. I bestir myself, therefore I emit a world as suspect as my speculation which justifies it; I espouse movement, which changes me into a generator of being, into an artisan of fictions, while my cosmogonic verve makes me forget that, led on by the whirlwind of acts, I am nothing but an acolyte of time, an agent of decrepit universes. (...)If we would regain our freedom, we must shake off the burden of sensation, no longer react to the world by our senses, break our bonds. For all sensation is a bond, pleasure as much as pain, joy as much as misery. The only free mind is the one that, pure of all intimacy with beings or objects, plies its own vacuity.
Samantha Power|There are a lot of times that we feel like our hands are tied - 'I have no control over if I'm going to lose my job.' 'I have no control over if I'm going to be able to pay my bills.' You've got to realize that that's where your trust comes in. You have to trust God, and keep your hope, because your hope is what produces your faith.
Paul Gauguin, The Writings of a Savage|Is there a recipe for making beauty? The schools give recipes, but they do not beget works that make people exclaim: " How beautiful that is!
Mark McKinnon|There was a belief after World War I that painting could be an act of civil revolt. I want this exhibition, 'New Museum,' to be an act of civil disobedience. It's not so much about the New Museum on the Bowery, but the idea of challenging museums as projections of cultural authority. It's painting as insurgency.
Jen Calonita, Broadway Lights|BirthLonely entering in to the new world with a small seed of LOVE,Somewhere in the depth of the HEART.SurvivalStruggling with every step in all aspects and creating a lot of MEMORIESto achieve our amazing GOALS and to get recognized.DeathAt the demise, where we pass away from this SPLENDID world like a treeof LOVE in the entire HEART. 	 It’s all about, designing a seed of love beautifully in to a tree of love			 before we pass away.LIFE
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|Quote for the day from an unknown author: "Don't ever question the value of volunteers: Noah's Ark was built by volunteers; the Titanic was built by porfessionals".
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|For Aristotle, it's not enough simply to act in accordance with the reason once in a while. We must cultivate habits of virtue that develop into a firmly established moral character over a lifetime.
Lindsey Rietzsch, How to Date Your Spouse: A Couple's Guide to Falling and Staying in Love|The way you date(treat) your spouse, truly has an impact inside and outside of your marriage.
Jacqueline Ripstein, The Art of HealingArt: The Keys to Power and Awareness|Live now, enjoy Life now! Love now, for this now is the precious moment that is creating our lives. Each now is unique -- it won’t come back in time. In it we leave a footprint, and within that impression are the actions we leave behind. Each step we take, we leave a mark. The path is created by the steps a person takes while walking it.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|The row was actually about everything in creation, but it had for its subject of the moment the boy's mustache.
David Levithan, Love Is the Higher Law|I was told that this road would take me to the ocean of death, and turned back halfway. Since then crooked, round-about, godforsaken paths stretch out before me.
Harrish Sairaman|He had never been satisfied and never would be. It wasn't success he craved, or even fame, it was history: he wanted to crack the universe open like a ripe watermelon, to arrange the mess of pulpy seeds before his dumbfounded colleagues. He wanted to take the dripping red fruit in his hands and quantify the guts of infinity to look back into the dawn of time and glimpse the very beginning. He wanted to be remembered.
Shon Mehta|Sometimes we represent our weakness as if it were bad. We don’t think it’s okay to be weak…We have been injured in many ways and our real self houses all of the evidence of those injuries. The pain, the brokenness and the emotional underdevelopment we all possess is part of who we really are.
Leah Raeder, Black Iris|Ben shook his head.Sitting down he asked, “So, you are Marty, right?”He got an incredulous look in response along with a cautious, “Yeah.”“You look way different dressed like that and without any make up on and stuff. Like a pretty guy almost, no offense.”Marty widened her eyes incredulously. “Umm...I have a confession here I obviously need to make. We're in public, so don't you dare punch me, or try to jump me later. I got witnesses who'll be able to verify I was here with you and that you threatened me.”Ben's brows furrowed. “What? Why would I do that?”“Hello, my name is Marty.” Marty extended her hand across the table. “I'm a guy.
Osho, Bliss: Living beyond happiness and misery|And they all have pretty children,And the children go to school,And the children go to summer camp,And then to the university,Where they are put in boxesAnd they come out all the same.
Liz Vassey|I believe that Brazil was prepared to elect a woman. Why? Because Brazilian women achieved that. I didn't come here by myself, by my own merits. We are a majority here in this country.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Even if I could, I wouldn't. Scars can come in handy. I have one myself above my left knee that is a perfect map of the London Underground.
Margaret Atwood, Der blinde Mörder|Was this a betrayal, or was it an act of courage? Perhaps both. Neither one involves forethought: such things take place in an instant, in an eyeblink. This can only be because they have been rehearsed by us already, over and over, in silence and darkness; in such silence, such darkness, that we are ignorant of them ourselves. Blind but sure-footed, we step forward as if into a remembered dance.
David W. Earle|My prayer is an attitude of pure gratitude for having the opportunity to experience life on this earth with all its pain, heartache, worry, and turmoil; coupled with this gratitude is the thankfulness for just having the opportunity to have lived. That is fairly easy on good days but difficult when life puts rocks and boulders in the road.
John Cena|I love the '40s. I love the '50s. I love the style, I love the clothes. I love how the women looked. I love the dances. I love the music. I love the amber of the light. I'm just in love with the cars. I'm in love with all of it.
Sarah MacLean, Eleven Scandals to Start to Win a Duke's Heart|Yes, she was a scandal.Her brother simply didn’t know it.“I fell in the Serpentine today.”“Yes, well, that doesn’t usually happen to women in London. But it’s not so much of a scandal as it is a challenge.
Vardan Hambardzumyan|Religion- made by men to rule women, children and idiots!
Eric Metaxas, Miracles: What They Are, Why They Happen, and How They Can Change Your Life|Another version of the “Prosperity Gospel” or “Name It and Claim It” teaching has to do with finding a verse in the Bible and then “claiming” that verse. Proponents of this thinking believe that God must fulfill his promise to us in whatever verse we are “claiming” because what God says in his Word, the Bible, is true, and we can trust it to be true. So someone might pray: God, your Word says in Isaiah that by your stripes we are healed and I know you are not a liar and that your Word is true and I claim that Scripture in Jesus’s name and therefore I will be healed of this stomachache! We need to have faith in what the Bible says, but we have to be careful that we aren’t trying to force God to do what we want. That is arrogance rather than humility.God loves us, but we cannot demand things of him as though our faith is in charge rather than God. If someone believes it is our faith that heals us and forgets that it is God who does it, we should ask that person how much faith Lazarus had. Remember, he was decomposing in a tomb when Jesus raised him from death. His faith obviously didn’t matter. It was all God. It is God and God’s grace that heals, not our prayers and not our “faith.” Though we are exhorted by God to pray to him, we cannot compel him to do what we wish.
Alexis Pettway|A country that denies it, citizens, the opportunity to "civil liberties", better health care, schools, roads, electricity and water. Is a country on a brink of no return.
Salman Rushdie|If you have a particular faith or religion, that is good. But you can survive without it.
J.R. Ackerley|Herr Kafka, essen Sie keine Eier." (As one and only piece of dialog K recalls from his meeting with Rudolf Steiner - "Mr. Kafka don't eat eggs.
Idries Shah, The World of the Sufi: An Anthology of Writings about Sufis and Their Work|Our heads are filled with ‘knowledge’, a knowledge that in some areas pre-empts our seeing anything at all.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|If you are going to walk with Jesus Christ, you are going to be opposed.... In our days, to be a true Christian is really to become a scandal.
Shepard Fairey|I would absolutely recommend against excessive positivity and optimism. Any positive emotion that you're infusing into a workplace needs to be grounded in reality. If it's not realistic, sincere, meaningful, and individualized, it won't do much good.
Harvey Fierstein, Torch Song Trilogy|A tree gives glory to God by being a tree. For in being what God means it to be it is obeying [God]. It “consents,” so to speak, to [God's] creative love. It is expressing an idea which is in God and which is not distinct from the essence of God, and therefore a tree imitates God by being a tree
Lois Greiman, Unplugged|If at 1st you don't succeed, stretch out on your La-Z-Boy with a six-pack and a porn flick. Y' still won't succeed, but you sure as hell won't give a shift.
Bjorn Ulvaeus|I'm happy to be on a winning team. My individual success, that lasts for a short period of time. The success of being a part of the South, of Atlanta, which is now the hot bed of music, that's what's gonna last the longest. The fact that I contributed to planting our flag and moving music to my city, that's what I'm most proud of.
Mehek Bassi, Chained: Can you escape fate?|A feeling struck me one fine day that people call ‘love’,Before that my life was empty, all I had was loneliness and sorrow…I loved the way it felt being with him, for I felt up above,Now everything was complete and nothing remained hollow…That person who cupid made me fall for, was a God descended from heavens,I loved him with all I had, a true heart and a pure soul…I thought I achieved the meaning of life, never did I felt so glad,But when he left me amidst a chaos, I had no one with me to console…I cried, it hurt, I wept and screamed, everyone called me ‘mad’,And still I wonder if in my life, that actually was his role…But a string still binds me to my past of untold vow,Some unsaid promises that linger between us even now,Although I don’t know where he went after that fateful day…I still try to convince myself every day, I know how,Each moment has been tough, each day a new challenge…Each hour passed as if it was my heart that always allowed,One more day to live without him, one more day to cherish…One more day to spend without the love of my life somehow,But he doesn’t know that one day, the girl herself would perish…Who loved him and lived each day of her life in his wait,For the man who never returned, for the man who wasn’t in her fate…
Vladimir Nabokov|I sometimes used to ask myself, what on earth did I love her for? Maybe fore the warm hazel iris of her fluffy eyes, or for the natural side-wave of her brown hair, done anyhow, or again for that movement of her plump shoulders. But, probably the truth was that I loved her because she loved me. To her I was the ideal man: brains, pluck. And there was none dressed better. I remember once, when I first put on that new dinner jacket, with the vast trousers, she clapsed her hands, sank down on a chair and murmured: 'Oh, Hermann...." It was ravishment bordering upon something like heavenly woe.
Tom Robbins|He whom many fear, has himself many to fear.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, We Were Eight Years in Power: An American Tragedy|The more we claim to discriminate between cultures and customs as good and bad, the more completely do we identify ourselves with those we would condemn. By refusing to consider as human those who seem to us to be the most “savage” or “barbarous” of their representatives, we merely adopt one of their own characteristic attitudes. The barbarian is, first and foremost, the man who believes in barbarism.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|Notoriety wasn't as good as fame, but was heaps better than obscurity.
Marcia Fudge|We think our leadership has been too timid to go after corruption, and often times, they bow to the liberal progressive demands of the White House instead of standing up for our values.
Gwen Mitchell, Rain of Ash|Looking down from the heavens, she saw how small, and yet how important each human life is. Drops in the bucket of eternity. She saw her minute place in the organic machine of the Cosmos, witnessed the give and take and the slow, steady swinging of life's pendulum. The world relies on order, pattern, and repetition. The earth spins and swings around the sun with rational, mathematical predictability. But she also saw the chaotic nature of things. No matter what, you can never know with certainty what will happen. Lightening can strike, the ground can open up and swallow you, and the very air you breathe can tear your life away.
Debasish Mridha|Focus on peace not on war.Love, live, share and care. Focus on kindness not on hate.Bliss will flow to open the gate.Focus on joy, not on hurt or fear.The earth will dance, peace to share.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Sticking to one person for a lifetime is not a waste of time or lack of better ones, it means you've found your place of eternity.
Ayn Rand, Anthem|But I still wonder how it was possible, in those graceless years of transition, long ago, that men did not see whither they were going, and went on, in blindness and cowardice, to their fate. I wonder, for it is hard for me to conceive how men who knew the word "I," could give it up and not know what they lost. But such has been the story, for I have lived in the City of the damned, and I know what horror men permitted to be brought upon them.
Claire Bidwell Smith, After This: When Life Is Over, Where Do We Go?|I am them. And they are me. All of us, we are each other. There is no such thing as good-bye.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you respect yourself, you will respect others.
Shannon Dermott, Beg for Mercy|--she walked into her bathroom, stripped, and entered the shower.The door opened a minute later to expose Riley standing there, beer in hand.Scraping damp strands of red off her face, she glared at him. "I don't remember giving you an invitation.""You said to amuse myself while you shower." A slow, slow, deliciously slow 
Shannon Celebi, Small Town Demons|When I go up there, which is my intention, the Big Judge will say to me, “Where are your wounds?” and if I say I haven’t any, he will say, “Was there nothing to fight for?” I couldn’t face that question.
Richard Yates, Revolutionary Road|You would compliment a coxcomb doing a good act, but you would not praise an angel.
William Godwin|By nature, I am a low-key person and like being behind the camera.
Alexander Lowen, Bioenergetics: The Revolutionary Therapy That Uses the Language of the Body to Heal the Problems of the Mind|Our life stories are at one and the same time reality, fallacy and fantasy...
Virchand Gandhi, The Monist|The central ideas of Christianity — an angry God and vicarious atonement — are contrary to every fact in nature, as also to the better aspirations of the human heart; they are, in our present stage of enlightenment, absurd, preposterous, and blasphemous propositions. Christians well know that the much-decorated statue of the Church, as it now stands, is not of pure chiseled marble, but of clay, cemented together by blood and tears and hardened in the fires of hatred and persecution. And still we hear the cry, 'The whole world for Christ'.
Tom Robbins, Still Life with Woodpecker|The Bhagavad Gita—that ancient Indian Yogic text—says that it is better to live your own destiny imperfectly than to live an imitation of somebody else’s life with perfection. So now I have started living my own life. Imperfect and clumsy as it may look, it is resembling me now, thoroughly.
Chuck Wendig, Mockingbird|His soft lips glide across my jaw. I’m dazzled by his touch, drugged by his promises, falling deeper and deeper into him. Before he reaches my mouth, I catch his hands and roll him off until he’s the one on his back, his wings no longer a hiding place but silky black pools along the g
Petra Hermans|No one can insult me, because I do not want respect.No one can defeat me, because I have given up the idea of winning.How can you defeat me? You can only defeat someone who wants to win.
Stanisław Lem, Highcastle: A Remembrance|Blue is the most common eye color in Oria Province, but there is something different about his eyes and I'm not sure what it is. More depth? I wonder what he sees when he looks at me. If he seems to have depth to me, do I seem shallow and transparent to him?
Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith|It gets darker and darker, and then Jesus is born.” That line came back to me, from out of nowhere, and I decided to practice radical hope, hope in the face of not having a clue.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers|And you, Ring-bearer,’ she said, turning to Frodo. ‘I come to you last who are not last in my thoughts. For you I have prepared this.’ She held up a small crystal phial: it glittered as she moved it, and rays of white light sprang from her hand. ‘In this phial,’ she said, ‘is caught the light of Eärendil’s star, set amid the waters of my fountain. It will shine still brighter when night is about you. May it be a light to you in dark places, when all other lights go out. Remember Galadriel and her Mirror!’Frodo took the phial, and for a moment as it shone between them, he saw her again standing like a queen, great and beautiful.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|The truth is,’ replied Dantes, ‘that I am too happy for noisy mirth; ...joy takes a strange effect at times, it seems to oppress us almost the same as sorrow.
Aiden Hall|The great fault of logic is that it seems so reasonable, even when it is not.
Mirella Muffarotto, Soccer Sweetheart|I tried to hate you, to forgive you, all just to forget you, but I'm only capable of loving you. You're tattooed onto my skin, and the more I try to erase you, the deeper you sink in.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|Writer's block, for me, is merely a way of saying "I'm too lazy to sit down and give it the proper time."  I want to be a progressive writer, not a lazy one.
Gayle Forman, If I Stay|It is only the wife, and not just any woman, who constitutes the noble soil that produces excellent fruits
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Good. Coffee is good for you. It's the caffeine in it. Caffeine, we are here. Caffeine puts a man on her horse and a woman in his grave.
Paulo Coelho, The Pilgrimage|Still, being fragile creatures, humans always try to hide from themselves the certainty that they will die. They do not see that it is death itself that motivates them to do the best things in their lives. They are afraid to step into the dark, afraid of the unknown, and their only way of conquering that fear is to ignore the fact that their days are numbered. They do not see that with an awareness of death, they would be able to be even more daring, to go much further in their daily conquests, because then they would have nothing to lose- for death itself is inevitable.
Steven Pressfield|The most important thing is to make the technology inclusive - make the world change. Next, pay attention to those people who are 30 years old, because those are the internet generation. They will change the world; they are the builders of the world.
Leonard Michaels|Once upon a time there was a man with no heart. Drifting through black-and-white life, caring naught for those hurt, and never, ever allowing another near enough to hurt him. Until, on the least likely day, the most unlikely place, the man with no heart met the most surprising person. He was fearless. He was strength and power. He wore his heart boldly on his sleeve. The man with no heart began, shockingly, to feel a movement in his breast. A stretching, a slow, steady beat...
Robert J. Braathe|My life belongs only to me.I let go of all the expectationsthat others have of me.My life doesn’t belongto anybody, except to meand to Life itself.
Elizabeth Alexander, American Sublime: Poems|The moon is considered a relatively easy object to land humans on, everything else is much harder by orders of magnitude. It is the reason why we have not been to Mars and will likely never go there successfully with humans.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|The best way of creating motivation is to do something. If you take action, motivation will follow
Laura Teresa Marquez|May our effort, confidence and concern for others be the altar from which we pray for personal abundance.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You have no power over your past,but you do over your present.You have no power over your history,but you do over your future.You have no power over your fortune,but you do over your actions.You have no power over your reputation,but you do over your character.You have no power over destiny,but you do over yourself.You have no power over anyone,but you do over your world.
Tina Brown|I jetset around and play these songs and get to hang with some pretty amazing people, then I go home to a really great farm, though actually it's a disaster area of a farm at the moment. But it's certainly a blast. I wouldn't trade lives with anyone right now.
Pinkeyriko|Don't make people control your life, People only care about themselves. Live your life with happy and ignore Sick people.
Veronica Rossi, Under the Never Sky|Her hand holding his for a dozen paces. His, resting on the small of her back for a moment. Touches that had no real purpose but to say I’m here and We are together still.
Sunday Adelaja|Today however, a new generation must arise that will take their works further. This generation must rely less on signs and wonders but rely more on developing skills and building industries
Rachel Vail, You, Maybe: The Profound Asymmetry of Love in High School|Your old tutor did you a great disservice, Mr. Kynaston. He taught you how to speak, and swoon, and toss your head but he never taught you how to suffer like a woman, or love like a woman. He trapped a man in a woman's form and left you there to die! I always hated you as Desdemona. You never fought! You just died, beautifully. No woman would die like that, no matter how much she loved him. A woman would fight!
Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island|When you have nothing but love, you have everything. This means you must live as if you have nothing to hide, nothing to prove and nothing to lose.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt|Thing is, I'm a funny actor, but I'm not good at being funny. I'm going to ramble for a second: I'm an actor who can make things funny in the moment, like in stakes or in circumstances or out of character.
Michael Levy, The Joys of Live Alchemy|We all shuffle our own deck in life ... The deck is our brain, the cards are our thoughts, the results we get will determine if we are giving ourselves a fair deal. Do you have an authentic dealer?
Alin Sav|If you have time, you need a vision. If you have money you need a purpose.
Bashar al-Assad|The U.N. guards the vital principles entrenched in its charter, notably the sovereign equality of states and the inadmissibility of interference in their internal affairs. It is precisely because the U.N. is the chief guardian of both these sacrosanct principles that it alone is allowed to approve derogations from them.
Frederick Douglass, Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass|The more I read, the more I was led to abhor and detest my enslavers. I could regard them in no other light than a band of successful robbers, who had left their homes, and gone to Africa, and stolen us from our homes, and in a strange land reduced us to slavery. I loathed them as being the meanest as well as the most wicked of men. As I read and contemplated the subject, behold! that very discontentment which Master Hugh had predicted would follow my learning to read had already come, to torment and sting my soul to unutterable anguish. As I writhed under it, I would at times feel that learning to read had been a curse rather than a blessing. It had given me a view of my wretched condition, without the remedy. it opened my eyes to the horrible pit, but to no ladder upon which to get out. in moments of agony, I envied my fellow-slaves for their stupidity. I have often wished myself a beast. I preferred the condition of the meanest reptile to my own. Any thing, no matter what, to get rid of thinking! It was this everlasting thinking of my condition that tormented me. There was no getting rid of it. It was pressed upon me by every object within sight or hearing, animate or inanimate. The silver trump of freedom had roused my soul to eternal wakefulness. Freedom now appeared, to disappear no more forever. It was heard in every sound and seen in every thing. It was ever present to torment me with a sense of my wretched condition. I saw nothing without seeing it, I heard nothing without hearing it, and felt nothing without feeling it. It looked from every star, it smiled in every calm, breathed in every wind, and moved in every storm.
Tamora Pierce, Daja's Book|Sandry: "There has to be something we can do." Lark: "We're mages. We do what we can, but some problems are too big to fix." Sandry: "Then I wish I weren't a mage. What good is magic, if you can't use it to help people.
Anne Rice, The Queen of the Damned|Ah, but prophecies have a way of fulfilling themselves,' Khayman said. 'That's the magic of it. We all understood it in ancient times. The power of charms is the power of the will; you might say that we were all geniuses of psychology in those dark days, that we could be slain by the power of another's designs. And the dreams, Marius, the dreams are but a part of the great design.
Xiaolu Guo, A Concise Chinese-English Dictionary for Lovers|But why people need privacy? Why privacy is important? In China, every family live together, grandparents, parents, daughter, son and their relatives too. Eat together and share everything, talk about everything. Privacy make people lonely. Privacy make family fallen apart.
Frank Cottrell Boyce, The Unforgotten Coat|Consider this: when you stand at the entry to a steel factory, you can make out through the smoke some men, some metal, the fires. The furnaces roar, the hammers crash; and the metalworkers who forge ingots, weapons, tools, and so on are completely ignorant of the real uses to which their products will be put. The workers can only refer to their products by conventional names. Well, that's where we all stand, all of us! Nobody can see the real character of what he creates because every knife blade may become a dagger, and the use to which an object is put changes both its name and its nature. Only our ignorance shields us from terrible responsibilities.
Nelson Mandela|It's impossible for a Democrat to be a failure. It's impossible for a Democrat to be a reprobate. It's impossible for a Democrat to be a mess. It just isn't possible, as far as the mind-set of the media is concerned.
Mary E. Pearson|And what sort of choice is fall in love with me, or you’re a pig?”“Justice.” Lizzie twirled a lock of hair around her little finger.
Linda Durbin|Characters have to be seen and felt when written, not told about. Writers are merely vessels of their manifestations.
Peter   Marshall, Demanding the Impossible: A History of Anarchism|Whatever its future success as a historical movement, anarchism will remain a fundamental part of human experience, for the drive for freedom is one of our deepest needs and the vision of a free society is one of our oldest dreams. Neither can ever be fully repressed; both will outlive all rulers and their States.
Douglas Brinkley, Cronkite|Cronkite is not a genius at anything except being straight, honest, and normal.
Paul Auster|When you write, it's making a certain kind of music in your head. There's a rhythm to it, a pulse, and on the whole, I'm writing to that drum rather than the psychological process.
Steven Magee|An Indian Affairs agent said, 'The question will suggest itself, which of these people are the savages?
Louise Penny, A Fatal Grace|Nice hair.’ Olivier turned to Clara, hoping to break the tension.‘Thank you.’ Clara ran her hands through it, making it stand on end as though she’d just had a scare.‘You’re right.’ Olivier turned to Myrna. ‘She looks like a frightened doughboy from the trenches of Vimy. Not many people could carry off that look. Very bold, very new millennium. I salute you.’Clara narrowed her eyes and glared at Myrna whose smile went from ear to ear.
Tracy Chapman|The fundamentalist religions simply seem to offer more hope for a brighter future than do the more liberal, humanistic ones.
Michael Parenti|A democracy can only be produced if a majority movement is built. The guerilla strategy depends on a collapse of will in the ruling class to produce the social crisis out of which revolution occurs, whether the majority favors it or not.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|It’s hard to be different,” Scarborough said. “And perhaps the best answer is not to tolerate differences, not even to accept them. But to celebrate them. Maybe then those who are different would feel more loved, and less, well, tolerated.
Carolus Linnaeus|The more help a person has in his garden, the less it belongs to him.
HarryKrishna|One of the speechless situations is when the people you admire, people you follow, people you look forward to standby you and support you, people you are dedicated towards and people whom you consider self made and respectable, stand helpless in front of you when others cut you into pieces.They keep standing, they fumble, they are helpless.And you're just disappointed
Tina J. Richardson|I am now a faded image of my former being,I let that persona go.I like myself for who I am and I choose to be, me.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Christian is to take his place in society with moral courage to stand up for that which is right, just, and honorable.
Susan C. Young|Great leaders understand the importance of assigning the right people to the right positions. If you put the wrong person in the wrong place, no matter how talented or earnest they are, they will never reach the peak of their potential. Their strengths will be underutilized and they may never measure up to your expectations. Reassign to get the best out of others and the situation.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|The definition of being committed is getting things done with absolutely no excuse, with an unshakeable and undeniable passion and with an uncompromised integrity.
Yvonne Prinz, The Vinyl Princess|Should I have taken him by the hand and led him over to the Zappa? No. I won't spoon-feed the customers. If you don't know your alphabet, you have no business leaving your house, let alone shopping for premium music.
Janet Echelman|That Moorish architecture is all over the place, of course. It affects me everywhere I see it, as it does so many people. But Brand Library was a special place to me, and I know I've paid homage to it many times in my drawings.
Colin A. Ross, Bluebird|First you try to find a reason, try to understand what you've done so wrong so you can be sure not to do it anymore. After that you look for signs of a Jekyll and Hyde situation, the good and the bad in a person sifted into separate compartments by some weird accident. Then, gradually, you realize that there isn't a reason, and it isn't two people you're dealing with, just one. The same one every time.
Linda Leigh Hargrove|Lucretia Jane Price. A sweet name for a sweet lady that smelled of roses, spoke with a sweet drawl, and was surely made of all the sweet country things a man who hadn't eaten a good meal in a long time could imagine -- molasses, sweet peas, sweet corn, freshly churned butter.
Virginia Postrel|Although people often equate them, glamour is not the same as beauty, stylishness, luxury, celebrity, or sex appeal. It is not limited to fashion or film; nor is it intrinsically feminine. It is not a collection of aesthetic markers - a style, as fashion and design use the word.
Anthony M. Esolen, Ten Ways to Destroy the Imagination of Your Child|The more one knows fairy tales the less fantastical they appear; they can be vehicles of the grimmest realism, expressing hope against all the odds with gritted teeth.
Dada Bhagwan|There is infinite energy within you. Whatever you think within, that very same thing will happen on the outside! However, here one chases his thoughts and works hard for things and yet nothing happens on the outside, people have incurred so much loss! Kaliyug (the time-cycle with lack of unison of mind, speech and body) is upon us!
Peter Abelard|When we breathe it in, soot can interfere with our lungs and increase the risk of asthma attacks, lung cancer and even premature death. The smallest particles can pass into the blood stream and cause heart disease, stroke and reproductive complications.
Bill Watterson|The white policeman was a man who gave an impression of heaviness. It wasn't that he was fat, but he sagged as if with a moral or psychic burden; his shoulders sagged, his eyes sagged, his suit sagged and he sat sagged in his chair, as if his disappointments with the world were bearing down on him. He made it clear that Shahid was one of these disappointments.
Rachel Ward, Numbers|And just when I though things were starting to get better, everything had gone wrong again.
James D. Watson|The irony is that I'm actually a very empathetic person, but I don't believe in sympathy at all.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|Esteem him! Like him! Cold-hearted Elinor! Oh! worse than cold-hearted! Ashamed of being otherwise. Use those words again, and I will leave the room this moment.
Edward Carpenter, The Intermediate Sex: A Study of Some Transitional Types of Men and Women|That men of this kind despise women, though a not uncommon belief, is one which hardly appears to be justified. Indeed, though naturally not inclined to 'fall in love' in this direction, such men are by their nature drawn rather near to women, and it would seem that they often feel a singular appreciation and understanding of the emotional needs and destinies of the other sex, leading in many cases to a genuine though what is called 'Platonic' friendship. There is little doubt that they are often instinctively sought after by women, who, without suspecting the real cause, are conscious of a sympathetic chord in the homogenic which they miss in the normal man.
Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, This Child Will Be Great: Memoir of a Remarkable Life by Africa's First Woman President|…I'm sorry, and a little dissatisfied as well. Miss Stacy told me long ago that by the time I was twenty my character would be formed, for good or evil. I don't feel that it's what it should be. It's full of flaws.' 'So's everybody's,' said Aunt Jamesina cheerfully. 'Mine's cracked in a hundred places. Your Miss Stacy likely meant that when you are twenty your character would have got its permanent bent in one direction or 'tother, and would go on developing in that line.
Mark Sohn, Sherlock Holmes and the Whitechapel Murders: An Account of the Matter by John Watson M.D.|If anyone was going to get themselves murdered to guarantee they would remain the center of attention, it would be him.
John Keegan, A History of Warfare|[W]e are hardened to what we know, and we rationalise and even justify cruelties practised by us and our like while retaining the capacity to be outraged, even disgusted by practices equally cruel which, under the hands of strangers, take a different form.
Robert Kroese, Starship Grifters|There was no sign of any life, just erratic hints of a faded sun peeking down with sorrow on the dead world it once nourished.
Auliq Ice|Just because those around you do not constantly tell you what they are going through in their personal life, it does not mean they are living in a fairytale.
Rabindranath Tagore|When the heart is hard and parched up, come upon me with a shower of mercy.When grace is lost from life, come with a burst of song.When tumultuous work raises its din on all sides shutting me out from beyond, come to me, my lord of silence, with thy peace and rest.When my beggarly heart sits crouched, shut up in a corner, break open the door, my king, and come with the ceremony of a king.When desire blinds the mind with delusion and dust, O thou holy one, thou wakeful, come with thy light and thy thunder.
Rebecca Rijsdijk, Portraits of Girls I never Met|And sometimeswhen she does remember,she calls me her little angeland she knows where she isand everything is all rightfor a second or a minuteand then we cry;she for the life that she lostI for the woman I only know about through the stories of her children.
Keysha Jade, Intoxicated stained tears|Elevate yourself away from anything or anyone who stunts your growth by distraction, you will never get round to watering your own plant if you wait for there approval to do so. Before you know it there garden will be full and yours would never have been started.
Bohdi Sanders, Modern Bushido: Living a Life of Excellence|You get the face you build your whole life, with work and loving and grieving and laughing and frowning.
Eyden I., Woman's Book: Only For Men|A fancy car and hot girl is the dream of every loser male, while a rich handsome man is the dream of every bitch.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Look inside yourself; there is always something special you can do today! Look around yourself; there is always someone special do it for! Don't spare what you have to share, show you care and dare not to make it rare!
James MacDonald, Christ-Centered Biblical Counseling: Changing Lives with God's Changeless Truth|If all you are doing is spending time with the struggling members of your church and you are not building proactively into your church's culture, and you are being shortsighted and limiting the effectiveness of your ministry.
Norman Maclean, A River Runs Through It and Other Stories|Yet even in the loneliness of the canyon I knew there were others like me who had brothers they did not understand but wanted to help. We are probably those referred to as "our brother's keepers," possessed of one of the oldest and possible one of the most futile and certainly one of the most haunting instincts. It will not let us go.
Virginia Woolf|But how are you going to get out, into the world of other people? That is your problem now, if I may hazard a guess — to find the right relationship, now that you know yourself, between the self that you know and the world outside. It is a difficult problem. No living poet has, I think, altogether solved it.
John E. Remsburg, The Christ|It's a kind of heresy to say so, but I think our race has made forms more beautiful than what was here before us. Sometimes god's handiwork is crude. There is no more ugly thing than a lobster. There's not much pretty about a caribou. It has an ungainly walk and its touchhole voids droppings when it strains in harness. Was there a straight line on earth before we drew one?
Roy L. Pickering Jr., Patches Of Grey|Was love ever easy for anyone? If less complicated, would this make it less appreciated? Perhaps love was difficult for good reason. Perhaps everything on God’s green earth was the result of a flawless plan, even that which seemed most muddled.
Jason Sudeikis|I'm a misplaced American, but don't know where I was misplaced.
Tiffanie DeBartolo, How to Kill a Rock Star|Fate is just another word for people's choices coming to a head. Destiny, coincidence, whatever you name it. It inevitably lies in our hands.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Hans Selye, the pioneer in the understanding of human stress, was often asked the following question: "What is the most stressful condition a person can face?" His unexpected response: "Not having something to BELIEVE in.
Sunday Adelaja|You do not need to think about a month, you need to plan the day
Jamie Smith|Like I said earlier, it sounds like I’ll need a plan B, said Porter. Because I can’t see them going for any of that bollocks. They’ve had more peace plans than I’ve had bottles of vodka, and if they wanted money, they would have asked for it by now.
Melissa Marr|It could have been different," I say, almost under my breath. If I'd kissed Indie again after she kissed me. If I hadn't known Cassia before I met Indie."But it's not," Indie says, and she's right.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Guys, you don't have to act "manly" to be considered a man; you are a man, so just be yourself. You don't have to prove your masculinity to anyone.
Barry Unsworth|We desire to keep the dying and the newly dead close before our eyes so as to give them full need of pity. Our Lord was brought down to be pitied, on the Cross He was too far away.
Allison Janney|I love horror movies. I mean, who doesn't like a good horror movie every once in a while? It's fun to get scared.
AR Bharaty|It was only when we were in that bed, high above the world - then I thought the birds could have been circling around our bodies circled around each other - that we made our world totally separated from everything else. It was the only way we could be together.
Christine de Pizan, The Treasure of the City of Ladies|[The wives of powerful noblemen] must be highly knowledgeable about government, and wise – in fact, far wiser than most other such women in power. The knowledge of a baroness must be so comprehensive that she can understand everything. Of her a philosopher might have said: "No one is wise who does not know some part of everything." Moreover, she must have the courage of a man. This means that she should not be brought up overmuch among women nor should she be indulged in extensive and feminine pampering. Why do I say that? If barons wish to be honoured as they deserve, they spend very little time in their manors and on their own lands. Going to war, attending their prince's court, and traveling are the three primary duties of such a lord. So the lady, his companion, must represent him at home during his absences. Although her husband is served by bailiffs, provosts, rent collectors, and land governors, she must govern them all. To do this according to her right she must conduct herself with such wisdom that she will be both feared and loved. As we have said before, the best possible fear comes from love. When wronged, her men must be able to turn to her for refuge. She must be so skilled and flexible that in each case she can respond suitably. Therefore, she must be knowledgeable in the mores of her locality and instructed in its usages, rights, and customs. She must be a good speaker, proud when pride is needed; circumspect with the scornful, surly, or rebellious; and charitably gentle and humble toward her good, obedient subjects. With the counsellors of her lord and with the advice of elder wise men, she ought to work directly with her people. No one should ever be able to say of her that she acts merely to have her own way. Again, she should have a man's heart. She must know the laws of arms and all things pertaining to warfare, ever prepared to command her men if there is need of it. She has to know both assault and defence tactics to insure that her fortresses are well defended, if she has any expectation of attack or believes she must initiate military action. Testing her men, she will discover their qualities of courage and determination before overly trusting them. She must know the number and strength of her men to gauge accurately her resources, so that she never will have to trust vain or feeble promises. Calculating what force she is capable of providing before her lord arrives with reinforcements, she also must know the financial resources she could call upon to sustain military action. She should avoid oppressing her men, since this is the surest way to incur their hatred. She can best cultivate their loyalty by speaking boldly and consistently to them, according to her council, not giving one reason today and another tomorrow. Speaking words of good courage to her men-at-arms as well as to her other retainers, she will urge them to loyalty and their best efforts.
Natalie Goldberg, Wild Mind: Living the Writer's Life|Writing practice brings us back to the uniqueness of our own minds and an acceptance of it. We all have wild dreams, fantasies, and ordinary thoughts. Let us to feel the texture of them and not be afraid of them.Writing is still the wildest thing I know.
Auliq Ice|With all the strength; Love encompasses compassion, determination, tolerance, endurance, support, faith and acceptance of whom you love.
Christopher Pike, The Last Vampire|I would look up at the moon and see that it was not the smooth orb we had all believed, but a pitted and scarred world with no air.
Alethea Black, I Knew You'd Be Lovely|I feel liquefied, like a cucumber forgotten in the crisper drawer, and I want to hold myself at arm's length and carry me to the trash. Who is this sack of slush masquerading as me? It's intolerable.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|For their surface area, insects weigh very little. A beetle, falling from a high altitude, quickly achieves terminal velocity: air resistance prevents it from falling very fast, and, after alighting on the ground, it will walk away, apparently none the worse for the experience… In contrast, human beings are characteristically maimed or killed by any fall of more than a few dozen feet: because of our size, we weigh too much for our surface area.
Robert G. Ingersoll, The Liberty of Man, Woman and Child|Elohim was, in logical terminology, the genus of which ghosts, Chemosh, Dagon, Baal, and Jahveh were species. The Israelite believed Jahveh to be immeasurably superior to all other kinds of Elohim. The inscription on the Moabite stone shows that King Mesa held Chemosh to be, as unquestionably, the superior of Jahveh.
Idries Shah, The Commanding Self|If you cannot sit on a throne like a king, seize, like a tent-pitcher, the rope of the Royal tent.
Jeanette Winterson, Oranges Are Not the Only Fruit|This process of assimilation, which takes place in depth, requires a state of relaxation that is becoming rarer and rarer. If sleep is the apogee of physical relaxation, boredom is the apogee of mental relaxation. Boredom is the dream bird that hatches the egg of experience. A rustling in the leaves drives him away. His nesting places - the activities that are intimately associated with boredom - are already extinct in the cities and are declining in the country as well. With this the gift for listening is lost and the community of listeners disappears. For storytelling is always the art of repeated stories, and this art is lost when the stories are no longer retained.
James Wan|As a filmmaker, you aspire to want to make movies that can hopefully stand the test of time, but you never know when that will happen or if that will happen.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I am always trying to figure God out so that I can figure Him in. But after a while I figure that I should just let God be God, and figure that He’ll figure it all out anyway.
Edward Snowden|To have real knowledge, one must understand the essence of things and not only their manifestations.
Mario Benedetti|Hay menos tiempo que lugar, no obstante, hay lugares que duran un minuto y para cierto tiempo no ha lugar.
Lauren Oliver, Requiem|We all want everything to be okay. We don’t even wish so much for fantastic or marvelous or outstanding. We will happily settle for okay, because most of the time, okay is enough.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Bible teaches whether we are saved or lost, there is an everlasting existence of the soul.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|Nothing feeds forgetfulness better than war.... We all keep quiet and they try to convince us that what we've seen, what we've done, what we've learned about ourselves and about others, is an illusion, a passing nightmare. Wars have no memory, and nobody has the courage to understand them until there are no voices left to tell what happened, until the moment comes when we no longer recognize them and they return, with another face and another name, to devour what they left behind.
Harmon Okinyo|In today's life, Luxury is Time and Space.
Mervyn Peake|Bellgrove, eminently lovable, because of his individual weakness, his incompetence, his failure as a man, a scholar, a leader or even as a companion, was neverless utterly alone. For the weak, above all, have their friends. Yet his gentleness, his pretence at authority, his palpable humanity were unable, for some reason or other, to function. He was demonstrably the type of venerable and absent-minded professor about whom all the sharp-beaked boys of the world should swarm.
Billy Collins, Sailing Alone Around the Room: New and Selected Poems|I fear no bad angel, and have offended no good one.
Christina Aguilera|I love food, and I'm a chronic over-orderer at restaurants.
Kiran Manral, The Face At the Window|It takes just one day to remember one day! Mind today, for one day, you shall remember one day
Hunter S. Thompson, Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail '72|How many more of these stinking, double-downer sideshows will we have to go through before we can get ourselves straight enough to put together some kind of national election that will give me and the at least 20 million people I tend to agree with a chance to vote FOR something, instead of always being faced with that old familiar choice between the lesser of two evils?
Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works|Perhaps we should rejoice that people’s emotions aren’t designed for the good of the group. Often the best way to benefit one’s group is to displace, subjugate, or annihilate the group next door. Ants in a colony are closely related, and each is a paragon of unselfishness. That’s why ants are one of the few kinds of animal that wage war and take slaves. When human leaders have manipulated or coerced people into submerging their interests into the group’s, the outcomes are some of the history’s worst atrocities.
Stephen King, The Gunslinger|...and still the hands did their trick, like over-eager dogs that want to do their rolling—over trick for you not once or twice but all night.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|You create what you speak. So, speak a better world.Speak a happier and more loving life. Speak yourdespair and let it lead you back to your truth.
Marguerite de Valois|My life and most people's lives are a series of little miracles -- strange coincidences which spring from uncontrollable impulses and give rise to incomprehensible dreams. We spend a lot of time pretending that we are normal, but underneath the surface each one of us knows that he or she is unique.
George Bernard Shaw|Imagination is the beginning of creation. You imagine what you desire, you will what you imagine and at last you create what you will.
Dada Bhagwan|Those who believe the worldly life interactions (vyavahaar) to be the real/true; developed high blood pressure, heart attacks and other such ailments. And those who believe it to be false, they became fat. Those living on both the shores, became lost wanderers. Although living the worldly life, ‘we’ are non-attached (vitaraag, the enlightened one).
LaShawnda Jones|We each own our own happiness.My contentment is no one else’s responsibility.My joy is mine to protect and nourish.If we are incapable of reaching inward and embracing that which makes us happy, then perhaps we don’t deserve it. But if we find our joy, we should be diligent to pursue it, cultivate it and share it.
Paul Oxton|Everything has changed, and nothing has altered. Oh, what a fate.
Bret Easton Ellis, American Psycho|In Russia, drunks are our kindest people. Our kindest people are also the most drunk.
Aimee Lane|Let me in, Emily, and I swear to you that you'll never regret it.”Ethan Sterling in Private Emotions
Cassie McCown, Christmas Lites|Absently, Quinn reached for the sheet to replace it over the aged mirror, but the back of his hand brushed against the cold surface and a strange shiver ran up his arm and down his spine. ~ "The Mirror
Diana Hunter, New York Moment|Ramming it up the middle only works if you soften the defenses up a little first," the coach said.
Ilsa J. Bick, Drowning Instinct|I thought about keeping the money," Ove whispered at long last, and took his father's hand in a firmer grip, as if he was afraid of letting go."I know," said his father, and squeezed his hand a little harder."But I knew you would hand it in, and I knew a person like Tom wouldn't," said Ove.His father nodded. And not another word was said about it.Had Ove been the sort of man who contemplated how and when one became the sort of man one was, he might have said this was the day he learned that right has to be right. But he wasn't one to dwell on things like that. He contented himself with remembering that on this day he'd decided to be as little unlike his father as possible.
Voltaire|All credibility, all good conscience, all evidence of truth come only from the senses.
Jocelyn Soriano, Mend My Broken Heart|Saying goodbye doesn't meanYou don't love him anymore,Nor that you no longer will.It doesn't mean that you failed.It doesn't mean you're unlovable.It doesn't mean somebody's better,And that someone else can take your place.
Anthony T Hincks|My breath is normal,when you're not around,but when I hold you closely,it's never to be found.
Carmen Dominique Taxer, Blood Pearl|Dmitri’s nerves calmed as he walked through the hedgerow maze, easily finding his way to the centre, sitting awhile.He had walked the grounds three times, before he finally went into the graveyard, looking for Sveta’s grave. It was easy to find. Easier since he had been to it every night since her passing. When he closed his eyes, he could still see her, strawberry hair blowing in the afternoon autumn wind, face flushed with laughter, eyes sparkling.She’d been a plain girl too. But she’d loved him.
Alex Grey|What's done to children, they will do to society.
Marquita Burke-DeJesus, Radically Ordinary|When the statistics have a face, poverty becomes personal.
Santosh Joshi, KEYS|Self-education is a lifetime affair. In life, as in science, there are unsuccessful experiments. Difficult personal and professional experiences are not for naught. Every experience contains a lesson. If we do not achieve the results we want and stop searching out solutions, it is not the experiment that is unsuccessful, but the person.
Vikram Patel|The entrepreneur always searches for change, responds to it, and exploits it as an opportunity.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|The real measure of your "wealth" is how much you'd be worth if you lost all your money.
Pope Francis, Evangelii Gaudium: The Joy of the Gospel|Instead of imposing new obligations, (Christians) should appear as people who wish to share their joy, who point to a horizon of beauty and who invite others to a delicious banquet.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Habitation of the Blessed|I wonder sometimes what the memory of God looks like. Is it a palace of infinite rooms, a chest of many jeweled objects, a long, lonely landscape where each tree recalls an eon, each pebble the life of a man? Where do I live, in the memory of God?
Jessica Edouard|If you go through the hot furnace of hardships, you will be refined like gold.
Julie Lythcott-Haims, How to Raise an Adult: Break Free of the Overparenting Trap and Prepare Your Kid for Success|Genetics doesn’t ensure love, or even like, time and effort do. You don’t give them your time, and you don’t show them effort
Alice McCall, Wellness Wisdom - Inspired by One Woman's Journey with Breast Cancer|Human milk is like ice cream, penicillin, and the drug ecstasy all wrapped up in two pretty packages.
Robert Tew|Until you see fear as an opportunity for growth, you won’t grow beyond your current self.
Bobby Flay|In business it is most often all about getting your foot in the door and once you do, everything opens up and things start to naturally progress into bigger and more opportunities.
Jim Butcher, The Aeronaut's Windlass|Back-to-back", Bayard replied, and Grimm felt the sudden, wiry pressure of the other man's shoulders pressed against the middle of his back."I should be friends with taller people," Grimm panted."Bite your tongue, old boy, or I'll hack apart your ankles.
Barack Obama|Oh, if I could but live another century and see the fruition of all the work for women! There is so much yet to be done.
William S. Burroughs|Now, my intention was to drink just enough to dull the senses, but intentions should never be mixed with alcohol.
Nikki Rowe|Son: 'Mum,  Tell me about love, how will I know if she's the one? Mum: ' son, if there's one thing I could teach about love its to Embrace it when it touches your heart, & to release it when it's stagnating your journey. Love is not a maybe thing & if it doesn't change you in someway it's not worthy of your essence.
David Wilkerson, The Cross and the Switchblade|A suburban pastor maintained services appropriate for his respected, professional parish. His father, an excitable traveling evangelist, visited and challenged the congregation to confront pride and sing out loudly with the windows open. The next day, the pastor’s banker mentioned overhearing, and he was sheepish. The buttoned-up banker said, though, that the neighborhood had been WAITING TO HEAR the church live out the joy they claimed.
Kara Isaac, Then There Was You|When was the last time she had trusted God, really rusted Him, without reservations, without a backup plan or a safety net?
Barbara Park, Mick Harte Was Here|People, I thought, wanted security. They couldn't bear the though of their loved ones not existing, and couldn't even imagine themselves not existing. I finally decided that people believe in an afterlife because they couldn't bear not to.
Carlos Castillo, The Road to High Income: Why You Should Charge More: The Complete Guide to Raising Prices and Making More Money Without Losing to Competitors|It was a horrible process to get to this. It took me my whole life. If you’re new at this — and by 'new at it,' I mean 15 years in, or even 20 — you’re just starting to get traction.
Ikechukwu Joseph|You can create sense out of nonsense, something out of nothing. You can create wealth out of dearth, viable ventures out of turbulent adventures. You can create mercies out of miseries. You can create tomorrow’s peace out of today’s crisis.
Kcat Yarza, KCAT CAN: I have a pen that writes|Every negative has a positive.” Take my sickness, for example. Being sick is not good, but through this, I have received a lot of blessings in different forms. Because of this, I am able to share everything that God has done for me.
Anne Rouen, Master of Illusion|I could not give her my heart, because it already belonged to another; for I have only loved once.
Ayelet Waldman, Red Hook Road|As if one's capacity for pain had anything to do with life's apportionment of agonies, Mr. Kimmelbrod thought. Such idiocy.
Michael Pollan, In Defense of Food: An Eater's Manifesto|Love is not all you need – you will also need food, clothes and a roof over your heads. Silly, but so true.
Durgesh Satpathy, Equating the Equations of Insanity: A Journey from Grief to Victory|When stupidity reaches its highest level, we act rubbish knowingly
Max Lucado, Max on Life: Answers and Insights to Your Most Important Questions|God wants us to know we are saved, for saved people are dangerous people, willing to face off with the world, unafraid of the consequences since they know that, whatever happens, they will have eternal life.
Dee Dinh, Sin of Attraction|Male leads in love stories need to be devoted, need to chase trains, cross continents, give up fortunes and thrones, defy convention, face prosecution, take apart rooms and break the backs of angels, sketch the beloved all over the cement walls of their studios, build sculptures as homages. They don't flirt shamelessly with the likes of me when they have Transylvanian girlfriends. What an effing jerk.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|Dreams have always expanded our understanding of reality by challenging our boundaries of the real, the possible.
Stephen King, The Gunslinger|There are three conditions which often look alikeYet differ completely, flourish in the same hedgerow:Attachment to self and to things and to persons, detachmentFrom self and from things and from persons; and, growing between them, indifference, ... .
Abhijit Naskar, The God Parasite: Revelation of Neuroscience|The incarnation, passion, and resurrection of the Son do not modify the Trinity. In becoming man, the Son 'enhanced human nature without diminishing the divine.' 'Even when the Word takes a body from Mary, the Trinity remains a Trinity, with neither increase nor decrease. It is forever perfect.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|Are you in control of your life, or are circumstances in control of you.
James Surowiecki|Guantanamo Bay can be and has been visited repeatedly by the International Red Cross and other human-rights groups for observation in an open, regular, and transparent manner. Detainees receive the same medical care as the guard force and are able to participate in their daily prayer sessions.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you have to do the work, do it well, with all your heart.
A. Zavarelli, Echo|Even when she was on her knees- filled with my darkness- she was still shining bright. My Siren’s song, my exposed nerve. She lured me in and made me feel. And then she left me to perish.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|A woman must be able to stand in the face of power, because ultimately some part of that power will become hers.
John Legend|Because of my job, I get a lot of opportunity to grab a few days here and there in many cool cities for press commitments, magazine shoots and premieres - Barcelona, Madrid, Rome, Paris, Stockholm, New York, Berlin. I always try to get to a gallery or museum if there's time.
Monika Zands|Life is a mystery to be experienced, not solved.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Health is hearty, health is harmony, health is happiness.
C.M. Stunich, Taboo Unchained|There is a demon inside of me. Not a literal one, of course, because such things don't exist. Not that I've ever seen anyway. But there might as well be because I can feel something deep down that doesn't belong in this world, a darkness that permeates my being and shadows the world around me. I don't usually let it hurt anyone – not intentionally – but it is ravenous. It demands to be fed. Sated. Set loose every now and again. Most people can't handle my demon.
Henry Miller|Everyman has his own destiny: The only imperative is to follow it, to accept it, no matter where it leads him.
Avinash Matta, The Tree Outside My Window Is a Drama Queen|And if I asked for the moon on a string?" - Sorsha
Norman Lamm|I just try to try to keep an attitude that I don't know what I'm doing. Not to the point where I'm beating myself up, but I just go in thinking that I have a lot to learn. And I hope I still have that attitude 30 years from now.
Michelangelo Buonarroti, Complete Poems and Selected Letters|Morning drew on apace. The air became more sharp and piercing, as its first dull hue: the death of night, rather than the birth of day: glimmered faintly in the sky. The objects which had looked dim and terrible in the darkness, grew more and more defined, and gradually resolved into their familiar shapes. The rain came down, thick and fast; and pattered, noisily, among the leafless bushes.
Percy Bysshe Shelley, A Defence of Poetry and Other Essays|Inside myself is a place where I live all alone, and that's where I renew my springs that never dry up. ~Pearl Buck
John Owen Theobald, These Dark Wings|If the ravens leave the Tower, Britain will fall.
Steven Magee|By far the most significant consequence of "selfish capitalism" (Thatch/Blatcherism) has been a startling increase in the incidence of mental illness in both children and adults since the 1970s.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|But remember that forgiveness too is a power. To beg for it is a power, and to withhold or bestow it is a power, perhaps the greatest.Maybe none of this is about control. Maybe it isn't really about who can own whom, who can do what to whom and get away with it, even as far as death. Maybe it isn't about who can sit and who has to kneel or stand or lie down, legs spread open. Maybe it's about who can do what to whom and be forgiven for it. Never tell me it amounts to the same thing.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Don't let society fool you into believing that if you don't have a girlfriend or boyfriend then you're destined for a life of misery. The Dalai Lama has been single for the last 80 years and he is one of the happiest people on earth. Stop searching for happiness in places outside of yourself, and start finding it where it has always been: within you.
Anna Held|The power of youth is the common wealth for the entire world. The faces of young people are the faces of our past, our present and our future. No segment in the society can match with the power, idealism, enthusiasm and courage of the young people.
Kate Lattey, Dare to Dream|Never tell her that something is impossible, because she'll kill herself proving you wrong.
Hans Bethe|Feeling very surprised too at myself. I knew what was happening, O my brothers. I was like growing up.
Kallypso Masters, Nobody's Hero|Not nearly as incredible as hearing you scream when you came. Good thing you took Cassie home. She might think I was killing you in here.""Oh, but what a way to go.
John Mellencamp|The truth is that from birth on we are, to one extent or another, a fairly sensual species.
Bill Watterson|Ms. Wormwood: Calvin, can you tell us what Lewis and Clark did? Calvin: No, but I can recite the secret superhero origin of each member of Captain Napalm's Thermonuclear League of Liberty. Ms. Wormwood: See me after class, Calvin. Calvin: [retrospectively] I'm not dumb. I just have a command of thoroughly useless information.
George Carlin|If everyone in the world sat quietly at the same time, closed their eyes and concentrated as hard as they could on peace and goodwill, all the killing and cruelty in the world would continue. And probably increase.
Elizabeth Bourgeret|In an instant all will vanish and we'll be alone once more, in the midst of nothingness.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Aspire higher to attain excellence in whatever you do. But be careful when you reach the peak, where the only way is the way downwards. Maintain your standard!
Kimberly Willis Holt|As a kid growing up, I wanted the Allen Iverson shoes that came out, the Questions. My dad got them for me, so I was excited about that.
Pema Chödrön, The Wisdom of No Escape: How to Love Yourself and Your World|If the object of meditation were something concrete, something solid and graspable - an image or a statue or a dot on the floor or a candle - it would be much more of a concentration exercise. But the breath is very elusive; even if you wanted to give it one hundred percent attention, it would be difficult because it is so ephemeral, so light, so airy and spacious. As the object of meditation, it brings a sense of softness and gentleness.
H.L. Mencken|There is in writing the constant joy of sudden discovery, of happy accident.
Ram Dass|I have never been an eavesdropper, even in childhood. Not from any sense of virtue but because I really do not want to know what people think of me or, to be precise, what they say of me - often a different matter. I can usually imagine the unpleasant judgements, for we are what others needs us to be. That is why our reputations change so often and so drastically, reflecting no particular change in us, merely a change in the mood of those who observe us.
S.A. Tawks, The Spirit of Pessimism|If you work hard all day and all night, something may come of it. You never know, it just might.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When God wins your heart, He has won it forever.
Flannery O'Connor, Wise Blood|Where you come from is gone, where you thought you were going to never was there, and where you are is no good unless you can get away from it. Where is there a place for you to be? No place.Nothing outside you can give you any place," he said. "You needn't look at the sky because it's not going to open up and show no place behind it. You needn't to search for any hole in the ground to look through into somewhere else. You can't go neither forwards nor backwards into your daddy's time nor your children's if you have them. In yourself right now is all the place you've got. If there was any Fall, look there, if there was any Redemption, look there, and if you expect any Judgment, look there, because they all three will have to be in your time and your body and where in your time and your body can they be?
Friedrich Nietzsche|I assess the power of a will by how much resistance, pain, torture it endures and knows how to turn to its advantage
Alena Graedon, The Word Exchange|Always love, always encourage, and never let despair get in the way.
Chuck Klosterman, Killing Yourself to Live: 85% of a True Story|But I still feel like I lost.We all have the potential to fall in love a thousand times in our lifetime. It's easy. The first girl I ever loved was someone I knew in the sixth grade. Her name was Missy; we talked about horses. The last girl I love will be someone I haven't even met yet. probably. They all count. But there are certain people you love who do something else; they define how you classify what love is supposed to feel like. These are the most important people in your life, and you'll meet maybe four or five of these people over the span of 80 years. But there's still one more tier to all this; there is always one person you love who becomes that definition. It usually happens retrospectively, but it always happens eventually. This is the person who unknowingly sets the template for what you will always love about other people, even if some of those lovable qualities are self-destructive and unreasonable. You will remember having conversations with this person that never actually happened. You will recall sexual trysts with this person that never technically occurred. This is because the individual who embodies your personal definition of love does not really exist. The person is real, and the feelings are real-but you create the context. And context is everything. The person who defines your understanding of love is not inherently different than anyone else, and they're often just the person you happen to meet first time you really, really want to love someone. But that person still wins. They win, and you lose. Because for the rest of your life, they will control how you feel about everyone else.
Rebecca Solnit|Libraries are sanctuaries from the world and command centers onto it: here in the quiet rooms are the lives of Crazy Horse and Aung San Suu Kyi, the Hundred Years' War and the Opium Wars and the Dirty War, the ideas of Simone Weil and Lao-Tzu, information on building your sailboat or dissolving your marriage, fictional worlds and books to equip the reader to reenter the real world. They are, ideally, places where nothing happens and where everything that has happened is stored up to be remembered and relived, the place where the world is folded up into boxes of paper. Every book is a door that opens onto another world, which might be the magic that all those children's books were alluding to, and a library is a Milky Way of worlds.
Yvonne Strahovski|If I start outsourcing all my navigation to a little talking box in my car, I'm sort of screwed. I'm going to lose my car in the parking lot every single time.
Lara Biyuts, Through The Baltic Looking-Glass. Part 2|But somewhere before the Renaissance they realized that it was impossible to live without love. Thus they created a new strand. The first of the synthetic emotions to ever be created. It opened up the possibility to recreate anything, including forging creation. We were on the path to becoming plastic gods.
Yuri Herrera, Signs Preceding the End of the World|It's a strange poverty of the English language, and indeed, of many other languages, that we use this same word, "depression" to describe how a kid feels when it rains on his birthday, and to describe how somebody feels the minute before they commit suicide.
Douglas Brinkley|In my dreams, I have Keira Knightley's eyebrows.
Debasish Mridha|You only have one heart, but it can love the whole world and still have room to grow kindness in its deepest chamber.
Megory Anderson, Sacred Dying: Creating Rituals for Embracing the End of Life|Our society has tried to make death invisible, thinking that if we ignore it long enough it will go away. Often we as family and loved ones are so afraid of death that even mentioning the word to terminal patients is taboo. We think the dying are oblivious to what is happening to them. Sadly, a dying person frequently feels afraid to bring it up him or herself. When I enter a hospital room I often hear a sigh of relief. At last, someone is here to help the family come to terms with what is playing out before them. Death has too long been the elephant in the living room, while everyone awkwardly discusses the weather.
Thomas Jefferson|When we honestly ask ourselves which person in our lives means the most to us, we often find that it is those who, instead of giving advice, solutions, or cures, have chosen rather to share our pain and touch our wounds with a warm and tender hand.
J. Ruth Gendler, The Book of Qualities|That of all people, it should be him; that took her aback. That the heart should settle on somebody like him; that surprised her. But she was so certain about it, so certain.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Not every environment accepts the dream shaping progress you want to put across. Take a second look at what you dream about, be sure it can progress very well where you are; Hiroshima and Nagasaki are not fertile grounds for a farmer’s dream seeds. Go and relocate!
Natasha Tsakos|Writing is a conduit. It opens up a passageway into the past. Not just for the writer, but for the reader too. Both readers and writer are linked by the commonality of human experience.
Leo Tolstoy|When I meet you, in that moment, I am no longer a part of your future. I start quickly becoming part of your past. But in that instant, I get to share a part of your present. And you get to share a part of mine. And that is the greatest present of all.
Aisha Tyler|What I've learnt being an actor is that you've got to be lucky. I got less lucky, and nobody was interested. If a part came up, it would be for the main corpse's friend's brother who was having problems with his marriage.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|Every wife who slaves to keep herself pretty, to cook her husband's favourite meals, to build up his pride and confidence in himself at the expense of his sense of reality, to be his closest and effectively his only friend, to encourage him to rejectthe consensus of opinionand find reassurance only in her arms is binding her mate to her with hoops of steel that will strangle them both.
Mark Batterson, In a Pit with a Lion on a Snowy Day: How to Survive and Thrive When Opportunity Roars|Society's goal is to make us less foolish. From the cradle to grave the pressure is on: "Be normal!" Our inner fool may be shackled and caged by a world made to suppress it, but Jesus came to free the fool.
Bob Proctor|Always ask yourself the question "Is this going to help get me to my goal or not?
Ally Carter, All Fall Down|One third of our life is spent in sleep. It is consolation for the troubles of our waking hours or atonement for their pleasures; but I have never experienced sleep to be mere repose. After a few minutes' lethargy, a new life begins, untrammeled by the limitations of time and space, and undoubtedly similar to that which awaits us after death...
Susan Cain, Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can't Stop Talking|The key to flow is to pursue an activity for its own sake, not for the rewards it brings.
Isaac Asimov, Nightfall|It was a long time since he'd done any actual clinical work, and obviously his sojourn among the academics at Saro University had attenuated the professional detachment that allows members of the healing arts to confront the ill without being overwhelmed by compassion and sorrow. He was surprised at that, how tenderhearted he seemed to have become, how thin-skinned.
Athol Fugard|Love is the only energy I’ve ever used as a writer. I’ve never written out of anger, although anger has informed love.
Lailah Gifty Akita|He wants you to understand that there are no wasted moments. For His glory He uses everything that's happened, everything that's happening, and everything that will happen - past, present, and future.
Camilla Dorand, Back to Me: Changing How I Feel About My Mother, My Body, and Men|When you forgive, you do not change the past, but you change your future".
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|There will come a time when people hungering for the truth will seek it where it is supposedly disseminated, such as books and churches, but they will not hear the Word of the Lord. Instead of receiving a message to satisfy their spiritual longings, they will hear a sermon on some current political or social problem, or a sermonette on art and literature. And so they wander from one place to another, going from hope to despair, and eventually giving up.
Khaled Hosseini, And the Mountains Echoed|I would have told them that he lived a life lacking in purpose or direction. Like those aimless rides I took him on. A life lived from the backseat, observed as it blurred by. An indifferent life.
M.K. McClintock, Gallagher's Pride|I bid you welcome to a new Utopia where men may be free of the so-called moral subjugations and constraints, and where for a time we may shake off those bonds of servitude wherein we are so tyrrannously enslaved." "You are the humanist,George, not I- what the deuce does he natter on about?" "Mostly whores and Booze," George replied with a grin.  Sandwidh contined while rapping once more upon the door, "Man is led into vice only when he is denied, my friends; for it is his nature to long after things forbidden and to desire most fervently what is denied." "Another translation?" Philip asked George. "Whores and booze... in boundless supply." "Ah,"Philip said. "I stand in renewed appreciation of the philosophers.
R.J. Palacio|Home is a name, a word, it is a strong one; stronger than magician ever spoke, or spirit ever answered to, in the strongest conjuration.
Amit Kalantri|Politics doesn't corrupt people, people corrupt politics.
Cherise Sinclair, To Command and Collar|Have you gone crazy?".
Ajay Chandan|Give a man a fish	and he'll eat for a day.Teach him how to fish 	with the right line, 	the right bait,	at the right time of day, 	at the right sort of spot,	and if he has the right recreational or commercial licence	he may, 	with practise and experience,	actually be able to feed himself 	and his family 	for a lifetime.	And that 	is something worth fishing for!
Jed Rubenfeld, The Death Instinct|Death releases the energy into air. If a true catastrophe is looming, the disturbance becomes such that a sensitive individual may become highly troubled by it. He may be aware exactly when and where it will occur. He may see an aura around people who are soon to die. Or he may see images of the disaster beforehand...
Ruth Hurmence Green|I feel that we should stop wasting our time trying to please the supernatural and concentrate on improving the welfare of human beings. I think that, uh, we should use our energy and our initiative to solve our problems, and stop relying on prayer and wishful thinking. If we have faith in ourselves, we won't have to have faith in gods.
David Lloyd George|In politics you must always keep running with the pack. The moment that you falter and they sense that you are injured, the rest will turn on you like wolves.
DaShanne Stokes|We don’t necessarily know how to hear stories about any kind of violence, because it is hard to accept that violence is as simple as it is complicated, that you can love someone who hurts you, that you can stay with someone who hurts you, that you can be hurt by someone who loves you, that you can be hurt by a complete stranger, that you can be hurt in so many terrible, intimate ways.
T.H. White, The Once and Future King|Every individual needs revolution, inner division, overthrow of the existing order, and renewal, but not by forcing them upon his neighbors under the hypocritical cloak of Christian love or the sense of social responsibility or any of the other beautiful euphemisms for unconscious urges to personal power.
Juxtaposition|I'm in love with a girl who knows me better.Fell for the woman just when I met her.Took my sweet time when I was bitter.Someone understands,She knows how treat a fella right.Give me that feeling every night,She wants show love when I wanna fight,Now someone understand me.
Nora Ephron|I have made a lot of mistakes falling in love, and regrettedmost of them, but never the potatoes that went with them.
Joe Scarborough|The Weezer 'Blue' Album is a classic. I think My Morning Jacket's 'Circuital' is a great album to have. Any Led Zeppelin album. Pink Floyd 'The Dark Side Of The Moon' or 'Animals.' I always catch myself at concerts being like, 'Oh, I just stared at the drummer for 15 straight minutes.' I study them.
Kemi Sogunle|Without making mistakes, there won't be lessons learned. Without getting hurt, there won't be knowledge gained. The only way we grow is by learning from the past. Always be willing to learn and grow daily. It's how we come to know who we are and what we are made of.
Nikki Rowe|Transition isn't pretty, but stagnation is hideous.
Katherine McIntyre, Solid Ground|You think this is a walk in the park, that it’s all beauty pageants and tea parties? Come on girl, wake up! This is survival at its most intense.
Christian Jarrett, 30-Second Psychology|The placebo effect has an evil twin known as the nocebo effect. This is when the expectation of harm or pain becomes a self-fulfilling prophesy, even in the absence of any known physical effect. One candidate for the nocebo effect is the discomfort some people report experiencing after using mobile phones. Scientists have failed to identify a physical cause, so it's possible the adverse effects are caused by negative beliefs about the technology.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Minutes turn into hours that add up to days amounting to weeks that become  months melting into yearsaccumulating for decadesto pile up for centuriesand ultimately form minutes again―just on a grander, divine scale.
Wanda Gág, Growing Pains: Diaries And Drawings From The Years 1908-17|There is nothing better for us to do than to take ourselves as we find ourselves and make the best of ourselves. If I find myself, as I did, the daughter of an artist who has left me with broadmindedness and a conveniently strong character to resist temptation, I take myself from there and accomplish what I can… I do not even deserve praise for doing my best, for that is my duty and I deserve to be blamed for not doing my best.
