Avi|The greater a man's - or boy's - ignorance of the world, the more certain he is that he sits in the center of that world.
Bruce Fuller, Standardized Childhood: The Political and Cultural Struggle over Early Education|This framing accents the importance of building a tidier system, one that incorporates the array of existing child care centers, then pushes to make their classrooms more uniform, with a socialization agenda "aligned" with the curricular content that first or second graders are expected to know. Like the common school movement, uniform indicators of quality, centralized regulation, more highly credientialed teachers are to ensure that instruction--rather than creating engaging activities for children to explore--will be delivered in more uniform ways. And the state signals to parents that this is now the appropriate way to raise one's three- or four-year-old. Modern child rearing is equated with systems building in the eyes of universal pre-kindergarten advocates--and parents hear this discourse through upbeat articles in daily newspapers, public service annoucement, and from school authorities.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, The Sword and the Trowel: Works of C. H. Spurgeon in His Magazine, 1865-66-67|The place you look at for the salvation must be the science, not the skies!
C. JoyBell C.|We can't be afraid to change. You may fell secure in the pond that you are in, but if you never venture out of it, you will never know there is a such a thing as an ocean, a sea. Holding onto something that is good for you now, maybe the very reason you don't have something better.
Joseph Reese Strayer, On the Medieval Origins of the Modern State|Surely of all ‘rights of man’, this right of the ignorant man to be guided by the wiser, to be, gently or forcibly, held in the true course by him, is the indisputablest.
Andy Weir, The Martian|There were the Newport hills, far up the bay, marked now by a rim of lights. There was the water, a blue shimmer under the sun, a black mirror after dark, somehow alive, a living thing that tied it all together, the houses hugging the rim and the people in them, drawn there to be beside the bay. The water had been there in the beginning, the beautiful bay all alone; and now the houses had crowded about it, hemming it in a row of stucco and brick and white clapboard. Someday the bay would be alone again. When The Thing went off. When all of the houses would be blown away. There would be floating rubble, a border of broken trash for a little while.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Human rights violations are nit accidents; they are not random in distribution or effect. Rights violations are, rather, symptoms of deeper pathologies of power and are linked intimately to the social conditions that so often determine who will suffer abuse and who will be shielded from harm.
Silas House, A Parchment of Leaves|Every morning I was renewed, though. Air and light healed me, over and over. I got to where I depended on it. When I was feeling my worst, I would step out into the yard and put my hands on the branches of the little redbud. It made me feel like I was saying a prayer, to do this. I know that sounds like foolishness, but that little tree was like an altar for me. I stood there in the cold of early winter, wishing for the redbud to bear leaves so that I might put my face against them.
Jessye Norman|One of the things I teach my children is that I have always invested in myself, and I have never stopped learning, never stopped growing.
Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow|Then all was quiet save only for the low voices of those that talked together, ... , and saving, also, for the mellow snoring of Friar Tuck, who enjoyed his sleep with a noise as of one sawing soft wood very slowly.
Corrie ten Boom|When I try, I fail. When I trust, He succeeds.
Jane Austen|A healthy society rests on three pillars: business, government and civil society, or non-profits. Each has a distinct and important role to play, and all three need to work together synergistically to create the most value for society.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|All the good stuff has already been said by someone somewhere at some point in time. You just have to find it. Today, communication pretty much comes down to understanding - saying what you have to say clearly and effectively...and then living it.
Gordon S. Wood, Empire of Liberty: A History of the Early Republic, 1789-1815|Since no individual acting separately can lawfully use force to destroy the rights of others, does it not logically follow that the same principle also applies to the common force that is nothing more than the organized combination of the individual forces?
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|If you fall into a pit, you need a ladder, not a hoe. You must climb up and not dig up. Leaders discover the right way out of limitations.
Barry  Webster, The Lava in My Bones|Grammarians make no new thoughts, but thoughts make new grammar.
Haruki Murakami|There are all kinds of things we have to deal with in life,' Eri finally said. 'And one thing always seems to connect with another. You try to solve one problem, only to find that another one you hadn't anticipated arises instead. It's not that easy to get free of them. That's true for you - and for me, too.
Jim Al-Khalili|I’ve often wondered how the term “'New Atheism”' gained such currency. It is a misnomer. There is nothing new about nonbelief. All of us, without exception, are born knowing nothing of God or gods, and acquire notions of religion solely through interaction with others – or, most often, indoctrination by others, an indoctrination usually commencing well before we can reason. Our primal state is, thus, one of nonbelief. The New Atheists (most prominently Richard Dawkins, Sam Harris and the late Christopher Hitchens) have, in essence, done nothing more than try to bring us back to our senses, to return us to a pure and innate mental clarity.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|When you part from your friend, you grieve not;For that which you love most in him may be clearer in his absence, asthe mountain to the climber is clearer from the plain.
Pete Rose|I think I was a good student, because I jumped over a school. My main interest was basically history and literature. Sports were basically basketball and swimming at a pool. I was so happy.
Frederick Douglass|Every time you feel depressed about something, try to identify a corresponding negative thought you had just prior to and during the depression. Because these thoughts have actually created your bad mood, by learning to restructure them, you can change your mood.
Stephen Richards, Be First: Achieve Every Dream|With every challenge you face, there is an opportunity hidden that will lead you towards the path of wealth and abundance.
Deb Caletti, The Secret Life of Prince Charming|It starts so young, and I'm angry about that. The garbage we're taught. About love, about what's "romantic." Look at so many of the so-called romantic figures in books and movies. Do we ever stop and think how many of them would cause serious and drastic unhappiness after The End? Why are sick and dangerous personality types so often shown a passionate and tragic and something to be longed for when those are the very ones you should run for your life from? Think about it. Heathcliff. Romeo. Don Juan. Jay Gatsby. Rochester. Mr. Darcy. From the rigid control freak in The Sound of Music to all the bad boys some woman goes running to the airport to catch in the last minute of every romantic comedy. She should let him leave. Your time is so valuable, and look at these guys--depressive and moody and violent and immature and self-centered. And what about the big daddy of them all, Prince Charming? What was his secret life? We dont know anything about him, other then he looks good and comes to the rescue.
Peter Mullan|My mother's death put me in touch with my most savage self. As I've grown up and come to terms with her death and accepted it, the pieces of her that I keep don't exist materially.
Joe Jenninigs|Top Health Today is a blog related to health, beauty, skincare and lifestyle from which people can get any information related to their problems.
Prince Akwarandu|If your heart is not in God, you are not in Him.Our heart is the issue of life; Affliction is God's last card through which your supernatural eyes can connect to access divine agenda as it relates to your life.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|When we simplify, we are attending to our minds. Clearminds lead to creativity, vision, health, and productivity.
Jim Butcher, Dead Beat|I'm so pretty, it's hard for me to think of myself as intelligent.
Willa Cather, The Song of the Lark|In Paris, strolling arm in arm with a casual sweetheart through a late autumn, it seemed impossible to imagine a purer happiness than those golden afternoons, with the woody odor of chestnuts on the braziers, the languid accordions, the insatiable lovers kidding on the open terraces, and still he had told himself with his hand on his heart that he was not prepared to exchange all that for a single instant of his Caribbean in April. He was still too young to know that heart's memory eliminates the bad and magnifies the good, and that thanks to this artifice we manage to endure the burden of the past.
Gary Shteyngart, Little Failure|I want to be loved so badly, it verges on mild insanity.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|Love is a trap. When it appears, we see only its light, not its shadows.
Barbara Scrupski, Ruslan: A Novel of Russia|I can dream, though - can't I, for myself? Even if you have not the imagination or the soul?
Paula Stokes, Ferocious|We’re like magnets, you know. Only I’m spinning, so I keep pulling you in and then pushing you away. I like you, but then you hurt me, so I run. I like you, but then something makes things feel impossible, so I turn away. And you. You’re so constant. Your orientation never wavers. You feel what you feel and you want what you want without hesitation or doubt. God, I envy that. I feel like if someone stripped away my hesitation and doubt that there’d be nothing left.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|It's okay to dream, but remember to plan when you wake up.
|Try not to be like those who ignore the people that make them their priorities, but would never hesitate to chase those who don't have them in theirs.
G. Willow Wilson, Alif the Unseen|Dear child, some stories have no morals. Sometimes darkness and madness are simply that.""How terrible," said Farukhuaz."Do you think so? I find it reassuring. It saves me from having to divine meaning in every sorrow that comes my way.
Peter Steele|Justice, sir, is the great interest of man on earth. It is the ligament which holds civilized beings and civilized nations together.
Lily Tomlin|I think Amy Poehler and Tina Fey have done so much for women in comedy in the sense that they've normalized it. You don't think, 'I'm going to watch that comedy starring a woman,' you think, 'I'm going to watch that funny show.' They refuse to play the foils for men, or be reduced to the butt of every joke, and I love that about both of them.
Mark Haddon, The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time|Sometimes we get sad about things and we don't like to tell other people that we are sad about them. We like to keep it a secret. Or sometimes, we are sad but we really don't know why we are sad, so we say we aren't sad but we really are.
Anwar Akash|Freedom, one of the most important words in any language.
J. Raymond|You either WIN or you LEARN. Either way, you WIN!
Abhijit Naskar, The Film Testament|Filmmaking is not the work of the weak-minded. It may not be rocket science, but it requires ten times more strength of the mind than that.
Becky Allen, Bound by Blood and Sand|This is the place where death rejoices to help those who live. It's written somewhere in every morgue I've ever been in. Nice way of looking at it, isn't it?
Kytka Hilmar-Jezek, CELLOGIRLS: Identity and Transformation in 2CELLOS Fan Culture|We await their creative interpretations of works by others and we love how they freely adapt and alter the music we like and enjoy. The wonderful magical alchemy they co-create is enough to spur the imagination of the audience. There is no need for other instruments or vocals. The music alone suffices. Listening to them, we can close our eyes and be taken away to a faraway place, we can envision a story or embellish a memory. We can connect to spirit and source and what we connect to in our deepest being is akin to religious experience. They dedicate themselves to each performance fearlessly, courageously, passionately, and generously.
Jenny Offill, Dept. of Speculation|The Mother Of GodThe threefold terror of love; a fallen flareThrough the hollow of an ear;Wings beating about the room;The terror of all terrors that I boreThe Heavens in my womb.Had I not found content among the showsEvery common woman knows,Chimney corner, garden walk,Or rocky cistern where we tread the clothesAnd gather all the talk?What is this flesh I purchased with my pains,This fallen star my milk sustains,This love that makes my heart's blood stopOr strikes a sudden chill into my bonesAnd bids my hair stand up?
Corey Taylor|Rock n' roll is not just a fashion statement; it is the attitude, and it has a political posturing as well.
Sol Luckman, Snooze: A Story of Awakening|If you do not move in synchronization with time, you will be left behind.
Susan  Fletcher, The Silver Dark Sea|I know this: there is no sense to grief. There is no pattern or shape or texture, and there are no books or stories which can lessen the pain at losing a person you have loved, and will always love. There are no rules, with loss.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Renew, release, let go. Yesterday’s gone. There’s nothing you can do to bring it back. You can’t “should’ve” done something. You can only DO something. Renew yourself. Release that attachment. Today is a new day!
Laura Mvula|Like a precious family heirloom, freedom is not just ours to enjoy, but to treasure, protect, and pass on to future generations.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Don't be so quick to count out the teenagers. Some of the world's greatest changes, brilliant poetry, and innovations have come from the teenage mind.
Ian Mckellen|The strength of British theatre should be that these actors in their middle years know what they're doing and are good at it. Not rich, not famous, but making a living.
Mario Balotelli|My time at Pop has been a transformative experience that I am extremely proud of. It has afforded me the chance to collaborate with some of the greatest creative minds in the world, and I'm thankful to Ashley Heath and Bauer Media for the opportunity.
Neil Gaiman, Fragile Things: Short Fictions and Wonders|Everything he had ever done that had been better left undone. Every lie he had told — told to himself, or told to others. Every little hurt, and all the great hurts. Each one was pulled out of him, detail by detail, inch by inch. The demon stripped away the cover of forgetfulness, stripped everything down to truth, and it hurt more than anything.
Grazia Deledda|For me, the two weeks between Christmas and Twelfth Night have come to be reserved for desultory reading. The pressure of the holiday is over, the weather outside is frightful, there are lots of leftovers to munch on, vacation hours are being used up.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|Storytelling is an essential part of our cultural and human identity...when we become afraid of stories outside the mainstream, I believe we have lost a valuable part of our cultural inheritance and growth.
C.K. Webb, Suspense Magazine January 2011|Be thankful for the people who have stood by you and cheered you on, but don't forget to be thankful for the ones that said it could not be done. Writing a book is no small task and even the skeptics can help you get where you want to be!
Delilah S. Dawson, Wicked as They Come|Let me guess. You think we’re going to live happily ever after, like some stupid fairy tale?”“Why not?” His stare dared me to laugh or, worse, to argue.“Because the whole thing is ridiculous,” I said. I despised the bitterness in my own voice. I sounded so damaged. Good. If he thought I was his soul mate for some mysterious reason he wouldn’t let on, let him see the worst of me.“It’s not ridiculous to me. Perhaps that’s the difference between predators and prey, love. I’ll never stop hunting. But I expect that one day, you’ll stop running.”“Because I want to die?”“Because you want to live.
Gina Barreca|You don't fight racism with racism, the best way to fight racism is with solidarity.
Roopleen|It does not matter how strong your gravity is, we were always meant to fly.
Elizabeth E. Castillo|You are the captain of your emotions. No one and nothing can control those feelings except you. You have the sole ability to either let these make or break you, inspire or destroy you."- Elizabeth's Quotes
Os Guinness|There is no problem with the wider culture that you cannot see in the spades in the Christian Church. The rot is in us, and not simple out there. And Christians are making a great mistake by turning everything into culture wars. It's a much deeper crisis.
Stellah Mupanduki, For The Sound Mind: Heal Me Lord For I Am Weak|Books of protectionThe Stellah Mupanduki books are full of protection of everything in your life. When you read them, then, you are protected physically, you are protected emotionally, you are protected in your environment, you are protected in your family, your children are protected, you are protected in your business and career, you are protected in your investments, you are protect in the work of your hands, you are protected in your home, you are protected in your hometown, in your country and in this whole world...You are protected as you travel…You are protected wherever you are and wherever you go...You are just protected in everything about you...You are protected with the wonderful presence of the Holy Spirit of God that comes into your life with an anointing presence as you read and absorb the works of God Almighty breathed in the Stellah Mupanduki books. Don't miss a single title, go for all of them in order to receive in fullness the true presence of the Holy Spirit coming to dwell in your body, soul and life with a wonderful healing protection. Buy these books and you will have nothing to worry about in your life...Says the Lord God Almighty.
Thomas E. Reynolds|Without the infinite personal God, all a person can do, as Nietzsche points out, is to make systems. In today's speech we would call them gameplans. A person can erect some sort of structure, some type of limited frame in which he lives, shutting himself up in that frame and not looking beyond it.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, Ballads and Other Poems|Be still, sad heart! and cease repining;Behind the clouds is the sun still shining;Thy fate is the common fate of all,Into each life some rain must fall
Thomas Brooks|Humility makes a man richer than other men, and it makes a man judge himself the poorest among men.
Bruce Lee|The doubters said, "Man can not fly," The doers said, "Maybe, but we'll try," And finally soared In the morning glow While non-believers Watched from below.
Mitch Kapor|You tell your kids that no matter what, you set your goals and you go for them. Whatever it is you achieve, never give up. You want your kids to have that good attitude, the confidence, and the will power to believe in themselves.
Emma Mills, First & Then|I had also never realized before that I loved him, but I did. And his pain was my pain, and it hurt, but it also felt good in a strange way, knowing that we could share in it together.
Kelley York, Suicide Watch|The idea of not being a kid anymore terrifies me. I am an adult and I have been hurled out of the world of boys and girls into the fray of men and women, and expected to function as a grown-up when I never functioned very well as a kid.
Kristi Bowman|I just think of people," she continued, "whether they seem right where they are and fit into a picture. I don't mind if they don't do anything. I don't see why they should; in fact it always astonishes me when people do anything.
Kevin Smith|Don’t be afraid to do weird stuff, so long as you do it cheaply and cover everyone’s bets. Be bold. Be stupid, if you have to: so long as you don’t hurt anybody, what’s it matter how dopey your dream is? If I hadn’t made TUSK? If I’d let it die as a podcast? I wouldn’t have three other movies I’m now making within the span of a year. Some folks will try to shame you for trying something outside the norm; the only shame is in not trying to accomplish your dreams.
Bill Gates|I hate short hair on men - the 'real' man is something I don't know. My dad was always playing with hairbands, making rings, while the women were wearing jeans, white T-shirts and Converse. That was the uniform at home.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|Alford, Massachusetts: Mandy stood there with her old Nikon film camera, snapping photo after photo of the rural landscape. It was difficult to describe the wonderful feeling of there not being a single cell phone in sight; the only modern technology around was the faint blue glow of a cathode ray tube television in the window of a nearby house, and a few cars and trucks parked in crumbling gravel driveways. She was allowed to see this place, one that would likely be ruined by the 21st century as time went on… places like these were extremely hard to find these days. A world of wood-burning cookstoves and the waxy smell of Paraffin, laundry hung out to dry, rusty steel bridges over streams that reflected the bright blue skies, apple pies left out on windowsills… a world of hard work with very little to show for it aside from the sunlight beaming down on a proud community. And Mandy wanted to trap it all in her Kodak film rolls and rescue it from the future.
Bertrand Russell|The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, and wiser people so full of doubts.
Alexander Scriabin|Whatever may be my activity in a given moment (whether I am composing, or whether I am making love . . .), I feel pleasure if there is an obstacle placed in my path but one not greater than my ability to overcome. If circumstances paralyze my energy, I suffer. From this point of view, pleasure and pain accompany every moment of our life, even if we try to disregard them.
Lisel Mueller|I thought if only we could go onand meet again, shy as strangers.
Tessa Dare, When a Scot Ties the Knot|We discern a grand force in the lover which he lacks whilst a free man, but there is a breadth of vision in the free man which in the lover we vainly seek.
Arlin Sailesh Kapadia|Most of us are perfect mothers as we love our children the most,but isn't this too natural.?..Worth are those, who are not only good mothers, but are sincere wives too, role modeling justice and equality for their children's moral upbringing.Moreover they strive hard while portraying best of their humanity in performing duties with mannerism, respect and dignity.Such women never face humiliation and alienation at the hands of society ,no matter what trials are being weaved but they survive respectfully .This is the worldly reward for their struggle while hidden treasury must be waiting in the hereafter.
Mehmet Murat ildan|All I knew now was that nothing lasted forever, not even a friendship, and that being "different" felt the same as being alone.
Claudia Gray, Defy the Stars|We are this world. Its next generation. If you’re not trying to save us, then what exactly are you trying to save?
David Archuleta|Do you ever feel that way?""Lonely?"I search for the words. "Restless. As if you haven't really met yourself yet. As is you'd passed yourself once in the fog, and your heart leapt - 'Ah! There I Am! I've been missing that piece!' But it happens too fast, and then that part of you disappears into the fog again. And you spend the rest of your days looking for it."He nods, and I think he's appeasing me. I feel stupid of having said it. It's sentimental and true, and I've revealed a part of myself I shouldn't have."Do you know what I think?" Kartik says at last."What?""Sometimes, I think you can glimpse it in another.
Alexandra Silber|While we must always strive to grow beyond those who come before us, we must revere and learn from those that broke the ground originally, endeavor to honor their legacy, and then continue in our own vision.
Kader Abdolah, Het huis van de moskee|Luckily, however, life doesn't always follow tradition, but craves out a path of its own.
Virginia Woolf, Moments of Being|These then are some of my first memories. But of course as an account of my life they are misleading, because the things one does not remember are as important; perhaps they are more important.
Mao Zedong|It is odd that we have so little relationship with nature, with the insects and the leaping frog and the owl that hoots among the hills calling for its mate. We never seem to have a feeling for all living things on the earth.
Mark Adams, Turn Right at Machu Picchu: Rediscovering the Lost City One Step at a Time|Separating fact and fiction in Inca history is impossible, because virtually all the sources available are Spanish accounts of stories that had already been vetted by the Inca emperors to highlight their own heroic roles. Imagine a history of modern Iraq written by Dick Cheney and based on authorized biographies of Sadam Hussein published in Arabic, and you'll get some idea of what historians face.
Jessica Mauboy|Just look at Gal Gadot when she smiles or when she meets somebody and shakes their hand. That is the embodiment of Wonder Woman. She is so beautiful and powerful, but kind and generous and thoughtful. She's just an amazing person.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|I am vulnerability under scarred skin. Numbness crawling behind wine soaked lips. A cocoon of grief battling a chest full of hushed breaths, longing to escape the mod-podge of memories, that journal where I've been. Layer after layer they are sealed upon my person, encapsulating time in a vessel that has sailed one too many shores.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|They'll come a time - in fact many times - when all the tools & techniques will fail you or desert you. Then - at last - is the moment to trust, use & follow your heart
Neil Young, Waging Heavy Peace: A Hippie Dream|A key to a long, productive writing life is finding ways to support that life, emotionally and existentially.
Agatha Christie, Endless Night|Life is just too beautiful if meaning is attached to it, and useless when meaningless!!
William Godwin|A high standard of living cannot remain the exclusive possession of the West - and the sooner we can help other peoples to develop their resources, raise their living standards, and strengthen their national independence, the safer the world will be for us all.
S. E. Entsua-Mensah|We praise our leaders when they act against our adversaries. But when our own interest is threatened, we begin to dislike the same leaders, irrespective of the sincerity of their intentions. An effective leader is bound to create enemies.
Billy Mitchell|Women have to harness their power - its absolutely true. It's just learning not to take the first no. And if you can't go straight ahead, you go around the corner.
Lauren Dane, Taking Care of Business|He wore the evidence of thinking all over his face, open and easy to read. Leah envied him that confidence to show what he was feeling.
Buzz Aldrin|There are many people talking about access to space and, 'How can we make that cheaper? How can we turn that into a Southwest Airlines versus the big airlines?'
Bauvard, Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic|Being spontaneous is being able to respond with confidence; calmly trusting that, whatever the outcome, you will have a positive if challenging experience that will lead to greater self-awareness and success.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|Accept the things to which fate binds you, and love the people with whom fate brings you together,but do so with all your heart.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Learn from roses; even when trampled they give off perfume, not despair.
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|Kneeling before him, Regin murmured, "Don't let that Fegley worm get to you." Still staring ahead, the kid slowed his banging. "There's a good ... male of indeterminate species.
Crystal Woods, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|Yes, some mistakes leave their mark, like the infidelity stains in the backseat. But in time they do fade.
Debasish Mridha|Let it be simple, let it be with love.
Stephen Crane, Complete Poems of Stephen Crane|Not everyone can be bribed with meat, Oberon." "They Can't? Oh! you mean they're vegetarian.""No, they eat meat. It just doesn't sway their decision making process." "Well that... that's just wrong, Atticus!Are they Monsters? It's like they have no moral center!
Vishwas Mudagal|To know our values is to have a foundation on which to build a great life. Our environment and education will play a large part in influencing our formulation of this world view, but is ultimately ourselves that have the final say. We must decide what we value, and then live accordingly. After all, in the eyes of the world we could achieve great success, but if our actions do not coincide with what we ourselves truly deem worthy, we will find no peace.
Douglas Coupland|Even when you take a holiday from technology, technology doesn't take a break from you.
Debasish Mridha|When you trust yourself, everyone around you will trust you, too.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Scorpio Races|I don't trust the ocean, either; it would kill me as soon as not. It doesn't mean I'm afraid of it.
Lillian White, The Mill Owner's Son: Ellen's Story|She was shocked when she followed her aunt and cousin down into the city proper. The streets were crawling with people, all hurrying to and fro, mindless of one another. They brushed by with barely even a glance, stepping down into the busy roads between horse drawn buses and draymen’s carts with such confidence, seemingly oblivious that they could be run down at any moment. Children dodged in and out amongst them, ragamuffins all, some barefoot.
Lisa Kleypas, Smooth Talking Stranger|Taxonomically, my family is Freethinker (including atheists, skeptics, agnostics); my genus is Humanist (including the religion-based), and my species is Secular.
Mercy Cortez, Never Ever After: Angel|I see the beginning, I see the end. And in the middle I just hope I don't fall on my ass to much
Dougie Brimson, Top Dog|When you lived on the wrong side of the law, information, however vague or apparently meaningless, was everything. It gave you leverage. And leverage was power.
J.D. Salinger, Raise High the Roof Beam, Carpenters & Seymour: An Introduction|I think it should be done over, Buddy. …Please make peace with your wit. It's not going to go away, Buddy. To dump it on your own advice would be as bad and unnatural as dumping your adjectives and your adverbs because Prof. B. wants you to. What does he know about it? What do you really know about your own wit?I've been sitting here tearing up notes to you. I keep starting to say things like 'This one is wonderfully constructed,' and 'The conversation between the two cops is terrific.' So I'm hedging. I'm not sure why. I started to get a little nervous right after you began to read. It sounded like the beginning of something your arch-enemy Bob B. calls a rattling good story. Don't you think he would call this a step in the right direction? Doesn't that worry you? Even what is funny about the woman on the back of the truck doesn't sound like something you think is funny. It sounds much more like something that you think is universally considered funny. I feel gypped. Does that make you mad? You can say our relatedness spoils my judgement. It worries me enough. But I'm also just a reader. Are you a writer or just a writer of rattling good stories. I mind getting a rattling good story from you.
Deborah Ann|It’s destiny; the stars have aligned perfectly to bring us together as friends. You cannot argue with what’s meant to be, once the stars have spoken, it is absolute,” he uttered, all smug and knowing. Shocked that he used the word destiny, I cocked my head and shot him a look—for the first time actually seeing Parker. He was pretty…too pretty to be a guy; streaky blond hair—as if each streak had been strategically placed—dark eyes, pale skin, and a charming smile that dimpled in one cheek. “Destiny has already found me, with a clearly marked path for my future,” I retorted. “Then you are doubly fortunate, to have it find you twice.” Parker smiled again, his eyes eerily piercing into mine. Parker and Danielle
Lauren Roedy Vaughn, OCD, the Dude, and Me|Our mind is a crazy nightclub of cacophonous sound filled with strange images and one-night stands: our mind tells us lonely, loveless tales that leave us frightened but really have no lasting power
Björk|I do not believe in religion, but if I had to choose one, it would be Buddhism. It seems more livable, closer to men.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of the Island|People told her she hadn't changed much, in a tone which hinted they were surprised and a little disappointed she hadn't.
Emily Giffin, Something Borrowed|Songs and smells will bring you back to a moment in time more than anything else. It's amazing how much can be conjured with a few notes of a song or a solitary whiff of a room. A song you didn't even pay attention to at the time, a place that you didn't even know had a particular smell. I wonder what will someday bring back Dex and our few months together. Maybe the sound of Dido's voice. Maybe the scent of the Aveda shampoo I've been using all summer.
Matthew Heines|Confession is a difficult discipline for us, because we all too often view the believing community as a fellowship of saints before we see it as a fellowship of sinners. We feel that everyone else has advanced so far into holiness that we are isolated and alone in our sin.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Anything approaching the change that came over his features I have never seen before, and hope never to see again. Oh, I wasn't touched. I was fascinated. It was as though a veil had been rent. I saw on that ivory face the expression of sombre pride, of ruthless power, of craven terror--of an intense and hopeless despair. Did he live his life again in every detail of desire, temptation, and surrender during that supreme moment of complete knowledge? He cried in a whisper at some image, at some vision--he cried out twice, a cry that was no more than a breath:The horror! The horror!
Thom Browne|These things were happening in my life where I was like, 'Man, I wish my pops was here to see this.' I never had those thoughts before fame, when my life was just a regular life. I wasn't saying, 'I wish my dad could be around and see me working at Applebee's.'
Stephen Hawking|In this messianic vision, machine intelligence will come to redeem the universe of its incalculable stupidity. He takes a goal-oriented approach to cosmology, imposing upon the universe itself a kind of corporate project-management structure, composed of a series of key deliverables across deep time.
Ann Brashares, Girls in Pants: The Third Summer of the Sisterhood|When you love something, you have to make sure it loves you back, or you'll bring about no end of trouble chasing it.
Jhumpa Lahiri, In Other Words|Those who don't belong to any specific place can't, in fact, return anywhere.
Georgia Kakalopoulou|We must remember that the mortals prefer plant-life for food, for next time.”The other statue nodded in agreement and replied. “Yes. Every day we learn new things Donkor. These mortals have some funny ways don’t they?” - Quest Two: The Cursed Nile
Sarah Dessen, Once and for All|I fear no fate for l am radiant with lightI win regardless with Jesus in me ,For l am in him He is in me
Margaret Atwood|If the poets offered us nothing more than another make-believe world, they would be mere sellers of drugs or, at best, sweetmeats.
Dennis Adonis|In a kingdom of thieves, the ways of an honest man will always be a crime.
Amanda Lindhout|My garden in England is full of eating-out places, for heat waves, warm September evenings, or lunch on a frosty Christmas morning.
Set it off|Jack, be nimble, Jack, be quickJill's a little whore and her alibis are dirty tricks
Juliet Marillier, Son of the Shadows|This is a long goodbye, yet not time enough. I have no aptitude for this. I cannot learn this. I would hold on, and hold on, until my hands clutch at emptiness.
Keren David, This is Not a Love Story|Like, like, like. My confidence grew with each click.
Swami Dhyan Giten, Presence - Working from Within. The Psychology of Being|Life is really very simple. In each moment, we have the opportunity to choose between saying “yes” or “no”, to listen to our intuition, to listen to our true inner voice, the Existential voice within ourselves. When we say “yes”, we have contact with Existence and we receive nourishment, love, joy, support and inspiration. When we say “no”, we create a separation from life and begin to create dreams and expectations of how it should be. We begin to live in the memories of the past and in the fantasies of the future – as if any other time than here and now really could make us happy and satisfied.
Betty Neels, Roses Have Thorns|Thereafter were the stars persuaded to depict compasses and quadrants, stripped of their names, given numbers, all but regimented into a grid, before they had had enough and reverted to their old subjects: dogs, dragons, herdsmen, bears. Take heed, worldly fashion—someone may trust you up to a point, but if you push him too far you will lose all the power you ever had over him and he will blaze up and turn into a bear.
Banana Yoshimoto, The Lake|Anger is intimately involved with both military prowess and loyalty: it provides the kind of psychic energy necessary to perform brutal acts, and so is bound up with success on the battlefield. But it also involves a socially constructed notion of worth, which is a focus for honour. When Plato argues in Republic Book IV that the characteristic emotion of an honour-lover is anger (thumos), he is recognising how central to the world of honour anger really is.
Kiera Cass, The Elite|If this were a simpler matter, I'd have eliminated everyone else by now. I know how I feel about you. Maybe it's impulsive of me to think I could be so sure, but I'm certain I would be happy with you.
Keith Richards|The fact is, with every friendship you make, and every bond of trust you establish, you are shaping the image of America projected to the rest of the world. That is so important. So when you study abroad, you're actually helping to make America stronger.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|I was hot and horny as hell. Which was typical of me. I’m twenty-five, and I’m healthy, and a healthy girl is always thinking about sex.
Suzy  Davies|I was an unwilling passenger leaving the Big Country. I would miss the mountains and the waterfalls,the treks on broad horses' backs to hidden villages in secret valleys.
Eric Topol|The more you worry, the more you throw off the delicate balance of hormones required for health.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Do not let your heart be troubled, trust in God.
Pippa DaCosta, Darkest Before Dawn|Lena scowled at the empty space in her living room. "Oh sure, thanks, I had fun too." She'd stayed awake, spilled a cup of perfectly good tea, and for what? A spirit with the noncorporeal equivalent of erectile dysfunction. Mostly she was fine being permanently on-call in the Veil. On nights like this, however, it sucked.
Harlan Coben, The Woods|It's not the dead even. They're gone. Nothing you can do about that. It's what's left behind - the echo. These woods you're walking through. There are some old timers who think a sound echoes here forever. Makes sense when you think about it. That Billingham kid. I'm sure he screamed. He screams, it echoes, just bounces back and forth, the sound getting smaller and smaller, but never entirely disappearing. Like a part of his is still calling out, even now.
Hunter Murphy, Imogene in New Orleans|The morning sun in New Orleans felt like it was trying to make a point, convincing the old world to believe something new.
John N. Gray|God, he was probably too young to be this old, but life had a way of being about experience, rather than calendar days.
Pat Shand, Destiny, NY, Volume One: Who I Used to Be|It's morning now, and I miss the soft rasp of her voice already. Ugh. I'm in trouble, aren't I?
Dada Bhagwan|Once a person starts seeing his own mistakes, he starts to become Parmatma, (absolute supreme Self)!
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|We can use meditation as a way to experiment with new ways of relating to ourselves, even our uncomfortable thoughts.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you wish for pearls, pray always.
Charles Horton Cooley|The art of motherhood involves much silent, unobtrusive self-denial, an hourly devotion which finds no detail too minute.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|The whole point in moving forward is to leave things behind. Once you look back, you stop moving forward. Understanding this makes you move on easier.
Lou Holtz|Why don't you start believing that no matter what you have or haven't done, that your best days are still out in front of you.
Michael Grant, Gone|Caine’s a guy who needs to win. He needs to win before he poofs. Or he needs to win before I poof. The point is, he’s not going to just accept us freeing all these kids from Coates and taking over Perdido Beach,” Sam said. “So we need to be ready. And we need to be ready for something else, too: tomorrow is my birthday.” He made a wry face. “Not a birthday I’m exactly looking forward to. But, anyway, we need to decide who takes over for me if…when…I step outside.”Several of the kids made sympathetic or encouraging noises about how Sam maybe wasn’t going to blink out, or maybe it would be a good thing, an escape from the FAYZ. But Sam hushed them all.“Look, the good thing is, when I go, so does Caine. The bad thing is, that still leaves Drake and Diana and other bullies. Orc…well, we don’t exactly know what’s going on with him, but Howard’s not with him. And Lana…we don’t know what happened to her, whether she left or what.”The loss of Lana was a serious blow. Every one of the Coates refugees adored her for the way she had healed their hands. And it was reassuring to think that she could heal anyone who was injured.Astrid said, “I nominate Edilio to take over if…you know. Anyway, we need a number two, a vice president or vice mayor or whatever.”Edilio did a double take, like Astrid must be talking about some other Edilio. Then he said, “No way. Astrid’s the smartest person here.”“I have Little Pete to look after. Mary has to care for the prees and keep them out of harm’s way. Dahra has responsibility for treating anyone who gets hurt. Elwood has been so busy in the hospital with Dahra, he hasn’t dealt with Caine or Drake or any of the Coates faction. Edilio’s been up against Orc and Drake. And he’s always been brave and smart and able.” She winked at Edilio, acknowledging his discomfort.“Right,” Sam said. “So unless someone has an objection, that’s the way it is. If I get hurt or I ditch, Edilio’s in charge.”“Respect to Edilio,” Dekka said, “but he doesn’t even have powers.”“He has the power to earn trust and to come through when he has to,
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|To become a better you, remember to be grateful to people who have contributed to making you who you are today.
DAVE SANTI|The effort to cure disease has been, without doubt, the greatest curse that has ever been perpetrated upon the human race. The idea that disease is something that must be cured, the idea that it is something that can be cured, must be eradicated from the human mind before we can hope to arrive at a rational solution of our health problems.
Marcel Proust|When a man takes good care of the woman, she takes care of his competitors.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan|A dark hand had let go its lifelong hold upon her heart. But she did not feel joy, as she had in the mountains. She put her head down in her arms and cried, and her cheeks were salt and wet. She cried for the waste of her years in bondage to a useless evil. She wept in pain, because she was free.
Toba Beta|When I feel the beauty in words, I am sensing the logic of heart.
Roshan Sharma|The life is not limited to the external reality but the external life, has been formed for the human’s experience. The time you feel you are done with all the experiences of the external life, you have a choice to move inward.
Basava, The Lord of the Meeting Rivers: Devotional Poems of Basavanna|In the mid–path of my life, I woke to find myself in a dark wood,' writes Dante, in The Divine Comedy, beginning a quest that will lead to transformation and redemption. A journey through the dark of the woods is a motif common to fairy tales: young heroes set off through the perilous forest in order to reach their destiny, or they find themselves abandoned there, cast off and left for dead. The road is long and treacherous, prowled by wolves, ghosts, and wizards — but helpers also appear along the way, good fairies and animal guides, often cloaked in unlikely disguises. The hero's task is to tell friend from foe, and to keep walking steadily onward.
Maxim Gorky, Her Lover|What is surprising, even deeply disturbing, is the way that many individuals who consider themselves democratic, even-handed, rational, and free of prejudice, hold on tenaciously to a standard language ideology which attempts to justify restriction of individuality and rejection of the Other
Iain M. Banks, Use of Weapons|Most people are not prepared to have their minds changed," he said. "And I think they know in their hearts that other people are just the same, and one of the reasons people become angry when they argue is that they realize just that, as they trot out their exc
Simon Mainwaring|The kind of people that all teams need are people who are humble, hungry, and smart: humble being little ego, focusing more on their teammates than on themselves. Hungry, meaning they have a strong work ethic, are determined to get things done, and contribute any way they can. Smart, meaning not intellectually smart but inner personally smart.
Jeff Jordan|On occasion, I like to reread my grandfather's letters. While leafing through them, I'm saddened by what is being lost in modern communication. Soul-baring sentimentality isn't typically poured into text messages, tweets and emails. All too often, personal connections are brushed aside for the sake of convenience in a fast-paced world.
Brie_Cee|This, explained the angel, is hell. The people do not love each other. They only want to feed themselves.
Jessica Hawkins, Come Undone|If there isn’t some sort of rule about annoying kid brothers growing up to be walking, talking sex, there should be. ~Carly
Kristiane Backer, From MTV to Mecca: How Islam Inspired My Life|During this time I came to understand a lot about myself, human beings, faith and the meaning of marriage and friendship. The world is not black and white, nothing is what it seems, and we are not cartoon characters that can be divided into goodies and baddies, but complex and multi-faceted beings with many weaknesses. Human beings will always disappoint. But God is there. He sometimes speaks through others and we would be wise to listen to those we trust and to our own inner voice, God’s voice. No matter how difficult or painful life sometimes becomes, we must never lose faith.We may not always find justice in this world, but compassion and forgiveness are such important qualities. They help us to dissolve so much of the negativity that we hold. Practising them mostly benefits ourselves.
David Foster Wallace, A Supposedly Fun Thing I'll Never Do Again:  Essays and Arguments|In order to get [Mean Streets] made I had to learn how to make a movie," says Scorsese. "I didn't learn how to make a movie in film school. What you learned in film school was to express yourself with pictures and sound. But learning to make a movie is totally different.
James Hilton|Life's more important than a living. So many people who make a living are making death, not life. Don't ever join them. They're the gravediggers of our civilization - The safe men. The compromisers. The moneymakers. The muddlers-through. Politics is full of them... so is businesses... so is the church. They're popular. Successful. Some of them work hard, other are slack, but all of them could tell a good story. Never where there such charming gravediggers in the world's history.
Julianna Baggott|Suffering, it turns out, demands profound imagination. A new future has to be conjured up because the old future isn't there anymore.
Amelia Earhart|The will to succeed is important, but what's more important is the will to prepare.
Christopher Hitchens, Mortality|Take it from me, Fate doesn't care most of the time.
Charbel Tadros|There are only three things which increase when shared: love, wisdom and happiness.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Are we human because we gaze at the stars, or do we gaze at the stars because we are human?
Pierce Brown, Red Rising|In the densest places of man, humanity most easily breaks down
Orhan Pamuk, The Museum of Innocence|Time had not faded my memories (as I had prayed to God it might), nor had it healed my wounds as it is said always to do. I began each day with the hope that the next day would be better, my recollections a little less pointed, but I would awake to the same pain, as if a black lamp were burning eternally inside me, radiating darkness.
Annette Curtis Klause, Blood and Chocolate|Why me?" she asked, holding on to him."Because you cared," he whispered. "You cared so much for your people, it broke your heart to see the pack in ruins. You cared so much for your mother, you risked your life for hers. You cared enough to save someone who wanted you dead. And because you walk like a queen.
Abhijit Naskar, Love Sutra: The Neuroscientific Manual of Love|Throughout the lifetime, the entire neurobiology of a human being goes through relentless perplexing transformations. These sexually dimorphic neurobiological changes create a person’s personality. These unique makeovers of the male and female biology hold the key to a sustainable romantic relationship.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The medication given during mental-ill health makes you rather weaker in body, in soul and in spirit.
EsthersChild, It Takes A Cat|Beyond today tomorrow reigns for yesterday has passed. Earth time is just a fleeting ploy, our spinning planet's ship ahoy; Our pale blue dot on brink of vast.
Anthony Marra, A Constellation of Vital Phenomena|It's not that there is more stupidity. It just has more intrusive ways of presenting itself. It used to be, you could be near an idiot and you wouldn't know it. With today's advances, that's less likely.
Chelsey Philpot|In the Empire, the Scholars are not allowed to read and, like so many bullies and power-seekers who hide behind ideologies to justify the terrible things they do, their oppressors wear masks. 'An Ember in the Ashes' suggests that such masks (literal or figurative) don’t work. Not forever, anyway. Masks only cover faces. It’s actions that show who we are.
Javier Marías, Los enamoramientos|We do tend to believe things while we're hearing or reading them. Afterwards, it's another matter, when the book is closed and the voice stops speaking.
Truman Capote|If there is no mystery, for the artist, to solve inside of his art, then there's no point in it. . . . for me, every act of art is the act of solving a mystery.
Patrick Ness, The Ask and the Answer|You won't," says the Mayor, smiling again. "Everyone knows you aren't a killer, Todd."He pushes Viola forward again -She calls out from the pain of it -Viola, I think - -I grit my teeth and raise the rifle -I cock it -And I say what's true -"I would kill to save her," I say.
Gregor Collins, The Accidental Caregiver: How I Met, Loved, and Lost Legendary Holocaust Refugee Maria Altmann|A girl is just like a movie, you want to know what happends next, and how it will end...
Scott Fotheringham, The Rest Is Silence|We make things happen be believing they will," he once said to me. "We dream where we're headed, and one day, as if entering that dream, we arrive there".
L.M. Montgomery, Emily Climbs|Fear is a vile thing, and is at the bottom of almost every wrong and hatred of the world.
Aristotle|Anyone can be heroic from time to time, but a gentleman is something you have to be all the time.
Paulo Coelho, Manuscript Found in Accra|Never miss an opportunity to show your love, especially to those close to you, because we are always at our most cautious with them for fear of being hurt.
P.G. Wodehouse, My Man Jeeves|Guys like you can't escape the city. Hell, you a got a blood contract with this place. You're married to the old girl.
Anthony Doerr, All the Light We Cannot See|Jiko: "Surfer, wave, same thing.""That's just stupid, " I said. " A surfer's a person. A wave is a wave. How can they be the same?"Jiko looked out across the ocean to where the water met the sky. "A wave is born from deep conditions of the ocean. A person is born from deep conditions of the world. A person pokes up from the world and rolls along like a wave, until it is time to sink down again. Up, down. Person, wave.
John Irving, A Prayer for Owen Meany|WHAT I'M TELLING YOU IS, IF YOU WANT TO DO THINGS YOUR OWN WAY, YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE TO MAKE A DECISION - YOU'RE GOING TO HAVE TO FIND A LITTLE COURAGE.
Susan Beth Pfeffer, Life As We Knew It|In the early days, it was nearly omnipresent, a constant background noise, like the hum of traffic on a busy highway: the sound of a human being in pain.
Kit Rocha, Beyond Jealousy|Noelle slid up Rachel's body and turned her face with a gentle hand on her cheek. "Ace has to make his choice," she murmured, stroking Rachel's lips. "He doesn't get to lock you away from pleasure because he's all tangle up. You're made for joy.
Herbert M. Shelton, Rubies in the Sand|So long as the processes of healing were not understood and man thought that the power to heal resided in substances and things outside of him, he logically sought for extrinsic means of healing, and a healing art was a logical development. The system of medicine, as we know it today, was a logical development out of the fallacy that healing power resides in extrinsic sources.
Hans Urs von Balthasar|It is impossible to contemplate the word without the serious intention of doing justice to it in practical behavior. It demands love for God and our neighbor, and does so with such immediacy and unmistakable urgency that it is pointless even to pause before this demand unless we are willing to respond.
T.A. Uner, Guns and Dogs|Happiness isn’t something you pick up at the grocery store, nor is it something that comes to you at a certain age. It’s a trait that lives within all of us, and it flourishes when you begin appreciating the things in life we take for granted.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|You can’t be “it” for everyone. In fact, if you try to please everyone, you will please no one, especially yourself.
Issey Miyake|Being a club pro and all, a guy trying to keep up with golf's modern technology, I hadn't found much time for Internet dating, but then one day I knew I'd met the girl of my dreams when she replied to a comment I'd made on You-and-Me.com. She said, 'I love it when you talk equipment to me.'
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Book of Wisdom|Don't tell your friend you are fighting with your wife, it gives him pleasure
Atticus Poetry, Love Her Wild: Poems|Poetry, is a life long war wagedagainst ineffable beauty.
Saaif Alam|Over time, I realized I wasn't necessarily seeing people or things at their best or worst; instead, I was simply seeing things as they were.There didn't seem to be a moral high road to take in most situations, and "What's the right thing to do?" wasn't an easy question.
Ignatius of Antioch|It's ironic that when you go through a tragedy, you appreciate more. You realize how fragile life is and that there are so many things to still be thankful for.
Terry Pratchett, The Color of Magic|You know, I never imagined there were he-dryads. Not even in an oak tree."One of the giants grinned at him.Druellae snorted. "Stupid! Where do you think acorns come from?
Ammar Moussa (عمار موسى), رحلة إلى ما وراء القمة|My father always seems to think greatness and money are the same thing, but you know what I think greatness is?""What?" I ask."Being brave, like Miss Korzynski. Doing something that no one else has dared to do before you. Finding something that terrifies you and then doing it anyway.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Just preaching "you are blessed" to a congregation is like giving them a big fertile land. They need the seeds to plant on it; they need business ideas, a little of which is enough!
Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu|Zhuangzi's wife died. When Huizu went to convey his condolences, he found Zhuangzi sitting with his legs sprawled out, pounding on a tub and singing. "You lived with her, she brought up your children and grew old," said Huizu. "It should be enough simply not to weep at her death. But pounding on a tub and singing - this is going too far, isn't it?"Zhuangzi said, "You're wrong. When she first died, do you think I didn't grieve like anyone else? But I looked back to her beginning and the time before she was born. Not only the time before she was born, but the time before she had a body. Not only the time before she had a body, but the time before she had a spirit. In the midst of the jumble of wonder and mystery a change took place and she had a spirit. Another change and she had a body. Another change and she was born. Now there's been another change and she's dead. It's just like the progression of the four seasons, spring, summer, fall, winter."Now she's going to lie down peacefully in a vast room. If I were to follow after her bawling and sobbing, it would show that I don't understand anything about fate. So I stopped.
Hoda Kotb|When my dad passed, there's a lot of sadness right below the surface, and I think there will be until the day I die. So, writing sad songs helps it. And when I sing them, it's pure therapy for me.
Mensah Oteh|Acting courageously is about knowing and making the right choices based on a deep conviction that dwarfs fear, doubt, and worry.
Holly Black, White Cat|I think that's what we all want, in the end.To know that we left footprints when we passed by, however briefly.We want to be remembered.So remember us.Please.Remember us.
Kahlil Gibran, The Madman|At that moment, he realised that he did not exist to her in the same way that he existed in his own perception. She held a copied version, an interpretation of him, filtered through the matrix of her priorities and desires.Therefore, surely, he only held a copy of her.
Diane Williams|I will say nothing against the course of my existence. But at bottom it has been nothing but pain and burden, and I can affirm that during the whole of my 75 years, I have not had four weeks of genuine well-being. It is but the perpetual rolling of a rock that must be raised up again forever.
Emma Mills, First & Then|It could have been avoided. This couch misery spiral, this … loss … I could’ve avoided the bulk of it simply by doing more. I could’ve given a shit...
John Webster|Then she called Matthew.He answered, "Where the fuck are you? I've been calling you for hours."She said, "I was asleep. Just woke up. What's the problem?""Don't tell me you're still in your hotel room in your bed.""Didn't I say I just woke up? Still in bed. Needed some sleep. Just waking up. . . .""Is that right?". . . "Where are you right now?""Antigua motherfucking Yacht Club. Room twenty-fucking-nine. Sitting on a . . . four-poster bed that has a damn mosquito net pulled back so I know I can see what the fuck I see. And I see an empty four-poster bed . . . But hell, maybe I'm wrong, because I know I didn't marry a goddamn liar. So I guess if I'm in your room and you're in the goddamn bed, just waking up, then either I am as blind as a fucking bat or you must be fucking invisible.
Ken Russell|In childhood we inhabit a world of wonderful contrasts that later we often come to see as bizarre and do our best to rearrange, with everything in its 'proper' place. Unusual juxtapositions we label surrealistic. Yet what is surrealism but a second childhood with Freudian overtones which we have to be re-educated to enjoy? -- part of the tragedy of growing up
Thomm Quackenbush, A Creature Was Stirring|Some people call street lights 'Crime Lights', as they are associated with an increased level of criminal activity.
James    Wood, The Irresponsible Self: On Laughter and the Novel|Values aren't buses," she said shortly. "They're not supposed to get you anywhere. They're supposed to define who you are. And I'd rather be touchy-feely than morally bankrupt.
Mateo Sol, Awakened Empath: The Ultimate Guide to Emotional, Psychological and Spiritual Healing|Many empaths are diagnosed with chronic illnesses such as fibromyalgia, CFS, lupus, and various autoimmune diseases, as well as psychological disorders such as agoraphobia, social anxiety, ADHD, depression, sensory processing disorder, among many others.
Wale|For the execution of the voyage to the Indies, I did not make use of intelligence, mathematics or maps.
Timothy Zahn, Star Wars: Thrawn|You can create something that is pure genius, but you have to get your timing right.
Taylor Jenkins Reid, One True Loves|[T]hose most precious memories are hidden in the safest place of all. Safe from fire or floods or war. In stories. Stories remembered, until they are ready to be told. Or perhaps simply ready to be heard.
Giselle Renarde, What Do Lesbians Do in Bed?: 21 Sapphic Stories|Books have a life. They breathe. When you write a book, it grows and changes. You learn from your characters after you create them. They come from you and you become them.
Denise Domning, Winter's Heat|I know nothing of being a wife, but I have learned much about the running and maintenance of an estate. It may be that you will find my manner too straightforward for your tastes, but, my lord, it is just that - my manner. Would that I die before I give up that part of me.
Felix Alba-Juez, Galloping with Sound - The Grand Cosmic Conspiracy|Yet if there really were a complete unified theory, it would also presumably determine our actions—so the theory itself would determine the outcome of our search for it! And why should it determine that we come to the right conclusions from the evidence? Might it not equally well determine that we draw the wrong conclusion? Or no conclusion at all?
Muhammad Tariq Majeed|There's a school of thought today that rejects patriotism. People are made nervous by that intense allegiance to a country. They think it can only lead to war and bloodshed and that fights can be avoided if we all just compromise and get along. And, of course, compromise and getting along are great things as long as you're not sacrificing essential values. But I believe there's a line in the sand, some things that you have to be willing to stand up for, even if it means trouble. Charlie's patriotism is not blind, flag-waving jingoism: it's an intense allegiance to the American concept of liberty. He's through and through. He can talk about it and explain it. And he's shown he's willing to give everything for it. I admire him for that.
Henry Mintzberg|Experience taught me a few things. One is to listen to your gut, no matter how good something sounds on paper. The second is that you're generally better off sticking with what you know. And the third is that sometimes your best investments are the ones you don't make.
Gordon B. Hinckley|Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds.
Kristen Ashley, Fire Inside|Don’t go woman on me and tell me you don’t need a man to complete you. It’s bullshit. Woman looks like you, goddamn waste. But a woman who has the love you got to give, that’s not a waste. That’s a crying shame.
Laura Yes Yes, How to Seduce a White Boy in Ten Easy Steps|Growing up in a culture that constantly reminds one that they are an outsider can be deeply destructive, especially since that standard voice is so very strong, and becomes ingrained in the consciousness so early. Survival requires finding a way to come to peace with that voice and all the others: to subdue it, or to make it work towards one's own ends. The tale would be different indeed if Pegasus talked back to Perseus.
Wendell Berry, Sex, Economy, Freedom, and Community: Eight Essays|The conventional public opposition of 'liberal' and 'conservative' is, here as elsewhere, perfectly useless. The 'conservatives' promote the family as a sort of public icon, but they will not promote the economic integrity of the household or the community, which are the mainstays of family life. Under the sponsorship of 'conservative' presidencies, the economy of the modern household, which once required the father to work away from home - a development that was bad enough - now requires the mother to work away from home, as well. And this development has the wholehearted endorsement of 'liberals,' who see the mother thus forced to spend her days away from her home and children as 'liberated' - though nobody has yet seen the fathers thus forced away as 'liberated.' Some feminists are thus in the curious position of opposing the mistreatment of women and yet advocating their participation in an economy in which everything is mistreated.
Tracie Berry-McGhee|Never be defined by what has happened to you in the past, it was just a life lesson, not a life sentence. ~ Donald Pillai
Alice Hoffman, The Dovekeepers|Every man engaged in war tells himself he can alter what has been written, that it is he, not God, who is the maker of destiny, free to change what is meant to be.
Sanober  Khan|we are all like poems. some of us rhyme. some don’t. some are Pulitzer prizessome are just scribblesand yet, we all possessa special kind of beautythat can either heal or cut to the boneone that can never quitebe fathomed, nor forgotten.
Deb Caletti, The Six Rules of Maybe|Everyone always knows what they're doing," he says abruptly, still not looking up from his hands, the little plastic pot and the old tattoo and the new white dressing on his left wrist. "You know what you're doing, you got your work and your friends and everything and miserable headfucky little teenage girly boys think you're amazing and, I don't know, you might've saved my life, who knows? I might be dead if it weren't for you and Olly but people can't keep looking after me all the time cos that ain't healthy neither, that's just as bad as people not giving a fuck at all. And, like... I'm trying to sort my head out and be a proper grown-up and get my degree and go to work and look after them kids and make sure my dad ain't kicking my sister round the house like a football but it's just so hard all the time, and I know I ain't got no right to complain cos that's just life, ain't it? Everyone's the same, least I ain't got money worries or nothing. I just don't know what I'm doing, everything's too hard. I can try and try forever but I can't be good enough for no one so what the fuck's the point?
Rick Bass|In a way that I haven’t yet figured out how to fully articulate, I believe that children who get to see bald eagles, coyotes, deer, moose, grouse, and other similar sights each morning will have a certain kind of matrix or fabric or foundation of childhood, the nature and quality of which will be increasing rare and valuable as time goes on, and which will be cherished into adulthood, as well as becoming- and this is a leap of faith by me- a source of strength and knowledge to them somehow. That the daily witnessing of the natural wonders is a kind of education of logic and assurance that cannot be duplicated by any other means, or in other place: unique and significant, and, by God, still somehow relevant, even now, in the twenty-first century. For as long as possible, I want my girls to keep believing that beauty, though not quite commonplace and never to pass unobserved or unappreciated, is nonetheless easily witnessed on any day, in any given moment, around any forthcoming bend. And that the wild world has a lovely order and pattern and logic, even in the shouting, disorderly chaos of breaking-apart May and reassembling May. That if there can be a logic an order even in May, then there can be in all seasons and all things.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Rejected by man, yet accepted by the Maker.
Steven L. Peck, A Short Stay in Hell|You come to this place, mid-life. You don’t know how you got here, but suddenly you’re staring fifty in the face. When you turn and look back down the years, you glimpse the ghosts of other lives you might have led; all houses are haunted. The wraiths and phantoms creep under your carpets and between the warp and weft of fabric, they lurk in wardrobes and lie flat under drawer-liners. You think of the children you might have had but didn’t. When the midwife says, ‘It’s a boy,’ where does the girl go? When you think you’re pregnant, and you’re not, what happens to the child that has already formed in your mind? You keep it filed in a drawer of your consciousness, like a short story that never worked after the opening lines.
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|Men have dragged us by our hair through the ages, and whether they give us crumbs or bright, shiny rocks, they truly give us nothing at all. If you have not opened your legs for them so that they could drawl out as babies or crawl in as men, they they will leave you to starve like a dog on the street. So now we are done playing the way they want us to play. Now we are moving to music they cannot hear, to a rhythm they cannot understand. They call it madness and we call it truth and find me the magistrate you can trust to judge between the two? Bah. So we dance on, we dance on.
Robert Frost, The Poetry of Robert Frost|I have stood still and stopped the sound of feetWhen far away an interrupted cryCame over houses from another street,But not to call me back or say good-bye;And further still at an unearthly height,A luminary clock against the skyProclaimed the time was neither wrong nor right.I have been one acquainted with the night.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Sr.|Science is a first-rate piece of furniture for a man's upper chamber, if he has common sense on the ground floor.
M.L Stedman|Before she could think, he bent his head and was kissing her, only this wasn't anything like the chaste kiss she'd gave him. His mouth slanted across hers, demanding her response. Soft and warm, his tongue brushed against the tender skin. With a sigh, Clarissa parted her lips and he quickly took advantage, deepening their kiss.His hand cupped the back of her head and his fingers tangled in her hair, while his other arm around her waist locked her against him. Clarissa twined her arms around his neck and felt the cold wall of the house at her back as he pressed her into it.Her pulse raced as their kiss became even more heated, each second that passed marking time they didn't have. Langston's tongue stroked hers in a dance that set fire to her blood. The shadow of whiskers on his face softly abraded her skin. His hair was silky, and she couldn't resist from pushing her fingers into the thick strands, which he must have liked, judging by the masculine groan that met her ears.When he finally lifted his head, both of them were breathing hard.
Haruki Murakami|I'll never buy a cell phone, I'd rather die than have a cell phones. Cell phones are the 21st century's ball and chain.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|You were the only blessing I think, I didn't deserve at first place.
Debasish Mridha|You are not responsible for the reader, you're only responsible for what you are writing.
Og Mandino|Realize that true happiness lies within you. Waste no time and effort searching for peace and contentment and joy in the world outside. Remember that there is no happiness in having or in getting, but only in giving. Reach out. Share. Smile. Hug. Happiness is a perfume you cannot pour on others without getting a few drops on yourself.
Mary Roach, Spook: Science Tackles the Afterlife|In my experience, the most staunchly held views are based on ignorance or accepted dogma, not carefully considered accumulations of facts. The more you expose the intricacies and realtities of the situation, the less clear-cut things become.
Dominic Sherwood|I have more of a relationship with the subject than I do with my camera equipment. To me, camera equipment is like a tin of shoe polish and a brush - I use that as a tool, but my basic camera is my emotion and my eyes. It's not anything to do with the wonderful cameras I use.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|You must maintain a state of happiness, state of joy to let the positive thoughts emanate from your mind.. If you are in a state of joy, your thoughts emanate positive energy, and you can influence others without much efforts.
Elizabeth George, Quiet Confidence for a Woman's Heart|What a blessing to be able to leave the cares of life for a brief period and spend time in the outstretched arms of your Shepherd, rubbing, as it were, your cheek against His face in intimate fellowship through prayer.
Ted Dekker, Identity|We all get to discover who we really are at some point, and when we do, it can be quite unsettling.
Ben Affleck|The earliest example known to me of replaced body parts is exemplified by a Mayan skull dating back to 1400 BC. In this skull, false teeth made of stone had been implanted.
Michel Faber, The Book of Strange New Things|Now, as a non-Amish person in the twentieth century who is not a part of the aging and thus noncoveted seventy-five-plus marketing demographic that views things like cell phones and iPads with that quaint, old-people mixture of astonishment, fascination, confusion, and abject fear, I spend as much time pawing my cell phone as members of the postpubescent marketing demographic spend pawing each other and themselves.
Chris Martin|It's hard to make a living in this business. Unions aren't as strong as they used to be. For a journeyman actor - someone who doesn't have a famous name but has consistent work in theater or film or TV - it has become harder to get through, harder to raise a family.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|We hear only our own voices, still echoes returning to our emptiness.
Dash Shaw, BodyWorld|Living is suffering, Billy. Now give your mom a nice big hug.
Jackie Braun, Love Unleashed|There was magic in the air tonight, and something incredible was about to happen–Kelly just sensed it.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Offence is an event, offended is a decision. Offence and offended we have to live through it but to stay offended? To live in that place denies the very nature of the salvation that you claimed to have received.
Hillary Clinton|We are not angry with people we fear or respect, as long as we fear or respect them; you cannot be afraid of a person and also at the same time angry with him.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|The government desires to purchase; it desires to use the market, not to disorganize it. But the officially-fixed price does disorganize the market in which commodities and services are bought and sold for money. Commerce, so far as it is able, seeks relief in other ways. It re-develops a system of direct exchange, in which commodities and services are exchanged without the instrumentality of money. Those who are forced to dispose of commodities and services at the fixed prices do not dispose of them to everybody, but merely to those to whom they wish to do a favour. Would-be purchasers wait in long queues in order to snap up what they can get before it is too late; they race breathlessly from shop to shop, hoping to find one that is not yet sold out.
Suzanne Kelman, The Rejected Writers' Book Club|The ‘coons had enjoyed a real party, and my trashcan had been the piñata! They’d obviously indulged in an evening of feasting on our wares and then staggered off the property loaded up with our birdseed as a little take-home gift!
Timothy J. Keller, The Meaning of Marriage: Facing the Complexities of Commitment with the Wisdom of God|In short, the Enlightenment privatized marriage, taking it out of the public sphere, and redefined its purpose as individual gratification, not any 'broader good' such as reflecting God's nature, producing character, or raising children. Slowly but surely, this newer understanding of the meaning of marriage has displaced the older ones in Western culture.
J.M. Enage|Be positive, cheerful, kind and loving; you will get what you reflect.
Randolph M. Nesse, Why We Get Sick: The New Science of Darwinian Medicine|Why has the medical profession not taken advantage of the help available from evolutionary biology, a well-developed branch of science with great potential for providing medical insights? One reason is surely the pervasive neglect of this branch of science at all educational levels. Religious and other sorts of opposition have minimized the impact in general education of Darwin's contributions to our understanding of ourselves and the world we live in.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|Everytime, he breaks your heart. And everytime, he expects me to pick up the pieces.
Ashim Shanker, Only the Deplorable|Don’t limit your potential, embrace then accentuate the Power of your Heart’s consciousness.
Deepak Chopra|We are all innovators, we all like to use our imagination, which is our greatest tool.
Teresa R. Funke, Bursts of Brilliance for a Creative Life blog|We tend to think that what matters is decided by society or culture or religion or our peers, but no one can say what truly matters except us.
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Living in the Moment - Living in the Breath|Mind is like a net, drawn by the needles of past and future. Mindfulness is the way for not getting stuck into that net.
Brad Bird|You know how many movies it took Tom Cruise before he was making 5, 6 million dollars? It probably took a billion dollars in box office.
Karan Mahajan, The Association of Small Bombs|Bureaucracy is a huge beast; deeply rooted, it exists even among artists; it’s an almost losing battle against it.
Shelly Thacker, His Forbidden Touch|Release Lady Mirabelle and the kitten or I’ll run you through, skewering your belly, pinching out your life.
Rosa Luxemburg|Being human means throwing your whole life on the scales of destiny when need be, all the while rejoicing in every sunny day and every beautiful cloud.
Eric Sykes|I asked my publisher what would happen if he sold all the copies of my book he'd printed. He said "I'll just print another ten.
Michael Levitt|Religion can have psychological and social roles, but in terms of really explaining how things work, science works differently. Science is based on material elements at the core.
Joan Didion, Blue Nights|I had fallen in love with a young man..., and we were planning to get married. And then he died of subacute bacterial endocarditis... Two years later with the advent of penicillin, he would have been saved. It reinforced in my mind the importance of scientific discovery...
Jada Berglund, Saige|I took one look at his composed face and know he doesn’t understand,because if he did understand, he would be weeping, too, for this boy who loved a world that never loved him.
John Henrik Clarke|In Iran, there is no freedom of the press, no freedom of speech, no independent judiciary, no free elections. There is no freedom of religion - not even for Shiites, who are forced by Iran's theocracy to adhere to one narrow set of official rules.
Émile Zola, La Curée|I never rebel so much against France as not to regard Paris with a friendly eye; she has had my heart since my childhood.... I love her tenderly, even to her warts and her spots. I am French only by this great city: the glory of France, and one of the noblest ornaments of the world.
James Howard Kunstler|The Worldly Hope men set their Hearts upon Turns Ashes - or it prospers; and anon, Like Snow upon the Desert's dusty Face, Lighting a little hour or two - is gone.
Lou Silluzio, Oliver and the Billy Cart|My mother used to say about gossipers " Don't worry about people talking about you , whilst they're talking about you they are leaving some other poor innocent soul alone
Lisi Harrison, Alphas|You can critique her writing, but not her lifestyle.
Sting|A face to lose youth for, to occupy age With the dream of, meet death with.
D.H. Lawrence|There is nothing to save, now all is lost,but a tiny core of stillness in the heartlike the eye of a violet.
Lisa Tawn Bergren, Bourne|His eyes opened, and he stared at me. The morning light was streaming through the window,and my hair rolled in waves over either shoulder.“God has smiled upon me. I have the most beautiful wife in all the land.
Kalyn Roseanne Livernois, High Wire Darlings|I don't really enjoy it, Mom.""And you've always felt this way?""I don't know. I guess I want a break.
Maureen Johnson, The Name of the Star|I decided to deflect her attitude by giving a long, Southern answer. I come from people who know how to draw things out. Annoy a Southerner, and we will drain away the moments of your life with our slow, detailed replies until you are nothing but a husk of your former self and that much closer to death.
Jeffrey Zeldman|CSS is the design language of the web, and it is not as easy to use as it ought to be, and it can be confusing, especially if you are new to it.
John  Williams, Stoner|While they talked they remembered the years of their youth, and each thought of the other as he had been at another time.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|If you know the golden treasures of adversity, you will bravely embrace it.
Andrea Heltsley, Dissolve|Let’s get the heck out of here then. These dark empty places give me the creeps. I feel like zombies are going to spring out at any time,” I said, picking up my dropped items.“If there are zombies then we have much bigger problems,” he joked.-Cora and Noah
Rachel Hawkins, Demonglass|It sucks that we miss people like that. You think you've accepted that someone is out of your life, that you've grieved and it's over, and then bam. One little thing, and you feel like you've lost that person all over again.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|Running away?" He taunted, as I drew my glamour to me, feeling it surge beneath my skin. "Always a coward, weren't you, prince? Never had the guts to really go for the kill." "You're right," I murmured, startling him. He frowned in wary surprise, and I smiled. "I always regretted my words against Puck. There was always a part of me that didn't want to go through with it." I lowered my blade, touching the tip to the floor. Ice spread from the point of the weapon, coating the ground and the walls, freezing the mirrors with sharp crinkling sounds."But with you," I continued, narrowing my eyes, "it's different. You're the part of him that I hate. The part that revels in the chaos you cause, the lives you destroy. And I can say this with complete certainty - killing you will be a pleasure.
Stephen Fry, Moab Is My Washpot|Transgender women do not think of themselves as men wearing women's clothing, they ARE women.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|it is good to have wealth. It is great to leave in comfort. It is awesome to obtain possessions but, don't be too eager for material possessions for the same material possessions that bring joy are the same possessions that bring sorrow and pain and also leave a big had I know on our minds
Paul Edward Gottfried, After Liberalism: Mass Democracy in the Managerial State|Platitude or not, the crowd erupted into applause, and by acclamation, Kuni Garu became the Duke of Zudi. A few pointed out that titles of nobility really couldn't be handed out in such a democratic fashion, but these killjoys were ignored.
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|Forever was so many different things. It was always changing, it was what everything was really about. It was twenty minutes, or a hundred years, or just this instant, or any instant I wished would last and last. But there was only one truth about forever that really mattered, and that was this: it was happening.
G.M.W. Wemyss|I became convinced that the advanced industrial countries, through international organizations like the International Monetary Fund (IMF), the World Trade Organization (WTO), and the World Bank, were not only not doing all that they could to help these [developing] countries but were sometimes making their life more difficult. IMF programs had clearly worsened the East Asian crisis, and the "shock therapy" they had pushed in the former Soviet Union and its satellites played an important role in the failure of the transition.
David Niven|Max, for some people there are no victories, just alternate forms of losing.
Rick Riordan|Young people don't always do what they're told, but if they can pull it off and do something wonderful, sometimes they escape punishment. 
Johnny Rich, The Human Script|Who can say they saw a whole play or read a whole book? Each has their own experience, their own play, their own book
Eoin Colfer|We should have just killed him, that's a lesson, don't get creative with revenge
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Hey,” Watney said over the radio, “I've got an idea.”“Of course you do,” Lewis said. “What do you got?”“I could find something sharp in here and poke a hole in the glove of my EVA suit. I could use the escaping air as a thruster and fly my way to you. The source of thrust would be on my arm, so I'd be able to direct it pretty easily.”“How does he come up with this shit?” Martinez interjected.“Hmm,” Lewis said. “Could you get 42 meters per second that way?”“No idea,” Watney said.“I can't see you having any control if you did that,” Lewis said. “You'd be eyeballing the intercept and using a thrust vector you can barely control.”“I admit it's fatally dangerous,” Watney said. “But consider this: I'd get to fly around like Iron Man.”“We'll keep working on ideas,” Lewis said.“Iron Man, Commander. Iron Man.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Space Chronicles: Facing the Ultimate Frontier|You see, time is an ocean, not a garden hose. Space is a puff of smoke, a wisp of cloud.
Jerry Saltz|First let me report that the art in the Barnes Collection has never looked better. My trips to the old Barnes were always amazing, but except on the sunniest days, you could barely see the art. The building always felt pushed beyond its capacity.
Ron Perlman|I have always been pushed by the negative. The apparent failure of a play sends me back to my typewriter that very night, before the reviews are out. I am more compelled to get back to work than if I had a success.
Albert Einstein, Ideas and Opinions|Education is not the learning of facts, but the training of the mind to think
Ayelet Waldman|So many women today have become so focused on their children, they've developed these romantic entanglements with their children's lives, and the husbands are secondary. They're left out. And the romantic focus is on the children.
H. Jackson Brown Jr.|In November, when our nation remembers her fallen soldiers and honours the lost youth of my generation, the Prime Minister, government leaders and the hollow men of business affix paper poppies to their lapels and afford the dead of war two minutes' silence. Afterwards, they speak golden platitudes about the struggle and the heroism of that time. Yet the words they speak are meaningless because they have surrendered the values my generation built after the horrors of the Second World War.
Dennis  James|How many men do you personally know whom you would typically classify as Kind, Gentle and Loving...I'm guessing the list is not very long. Now think of the women whose lives are characterized by those same virtues. I'm going to go with, that list is probably much longer.
Norm MacDonald|Honestly, I was such a tomboy as a kid. People were taking from their mothers' closets - I was taking from my dad's closet. It was the '80s, so it wasn't terrible, but I was wearing my dad's dress shirts over jeans from the Gap.
Ally Condie, Crossed|Everyone has something of beauty about them. But loving lets you look, and look, and look again. You notice the back of a hand, the turn of a head, the way of a walk. When you first love, you look blind and you see it all as the glorious, beloved whole, or a beautiful sum of beautiful parts. But when you see the one you love as pieces, as why's, you can love those parts too, and it's a love at once more complicated and more complete.
Sergio Troncoso, Crossing Borders: Personal Essays|For nearly two centuries the popular spirit of each succeeding generation has tended more and more to the view that the mysteries of life will eventually fall before the mind of man. Many modern novelists have been more concerned with the processes of consciousness than with the objective world outside the mind. In twentieth-century fiction it increasingly happens that a meaningless, absurd world impinges upon the sacred consciousness of author or character; author and character seldom now go out to explore and penetrate a world in which the sacred is reflected.
Alan M. Dershowitz, Letters to a Young Lawyer (Art of Mentoring|I have always considered "Pascal's Wager" a questionable bet to place, since any God worth believing in would prefer an honest agnostic to a calculating hypocrite.
Oscar Bimpong|You can start with nothing and still succeed. However, if you don't start you will never succeed.
Brian  Doyle, The Plover|You could not stop the winds and you could not stop Time. It went on and on,-and on.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Do not forget to care for your body, soul and spirit.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, The Case for Reparations|Here we find the roots of American wealth and democracy—in the for-profit destruction of the most important asset available to any people, the family. The destruction was not incidental to America’s rise; it facilitated that rise. By erecting a slave society, America created the economic foundation for its great experiment in democracy.
Ron Ben-Israel|Filming in India was one big adventure. For 'The Cheetah Girls', we were in Mumbai for two weeks, then Rajasthan for six weeks. Every day after shooting, I would hop into a rickshaw and start exploring the city. I even learned a bit of Hindi. It's such an amazing place to visit.
Debasish Mridha|If you want to do something better, do it with profound love.
RVM|Learn to be Positive always. In pleasure or Pain, in Sun or Rain, in Loss or Gain, always be POSITIVE!
John Green, This Star Won't Go Out: The Life and Words of Esther Grace Earl|I dislike the phrase 'Internet friends,' because it implies that people you know online aren't really your friends, that somehow the friendship is less real or meaningful to you because it happens through Skype or text messages. The measure of a friendship is not its physicality but its significance.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|Advice is a dangerous gift, even from the wise to the wise, and all courses may run ill.
Samuel Johnson|My congratulations to you, sir. Your manuscript is both good and original; but the part that is good is not original, and the part that is original is not good. 
D.M. Thomas, Hunters in the Snow|Well, she said, “The reception of the semen is the height of ecstasy. I want it always, constantly.” Isn’t that extraordinary?
Robert Scully|He said her name, repeatedly, so that she never lost the sound of his voice around it. So that every time someone called her name, she would be able to hear only Aman Erum.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|When God opens the windows of heaven for rain to flow, those who will enjoy are those who sow! Don't misuse the blessings of God... Get a seed today to grow!
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Christmas: Soulfully Inspiring You in the Days Leading Up to Christmas and Beyond!|May you be spurred into action, not just by what you read - but all your Soul is willing to share.
Rainer Maria Rilke, The Book of Images|The handwriting was a girl’s. I mean, you can tell. That enchanted cursive.
Khang Kijarro Nguyen|In the modern world, if you want to travel off the beaten path, stay off the beaten media path.
Loveless, from The Compilation of Final Fantasy VII|Men cry not for themselves, but for their comrades
Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses|...even though I was getting better education at home than any of the kids in Toyah, I'd need to go to finishing school when I was thirteen, both to acquire social graces and to earn a diploma. Because in this world, Dad said, it's not enough to have a fine education. You need a piece of paper to prove you go it.
Brian Spellman, If the mind fits, shrink it|Logic may be conceived as ruling out what is absolutely impossible, and thus determining the field of what in the absence of empirical knowledge is abstractly possible.
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Pastrix: The Cranky, Beautiful Faith of a Sinner & Saint|Jesus says, "Deny yourself, take up your cross and follow me." He says, "The first shall be last and the last shall be first," and infuriating things like "if you seek to find your life you will lose it but those who lose their life will find it." And every single time I die to something—my notions of my own specialness, my plans and desires for something to be a very particular way—every single time I fight it and yet every single time I discover more life and more freedom than if I had gotten what I wanted.
|Just because many have tried and failed, doesn't make the task impossible.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Because You Deserve Love|I'm writing it in a letter, the whole truth of why it happened. And the truth is that I goddamn loved you so much.
David Wells|Very few things are totally devoid of any possibility of humor. If you are aware of that possibility and alive to the scene becoming that way, then it just happens naturally. That's what I feel living is like, too. I find a lot of things that make me smile or make me laugh over the course of the day.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Dream Chaser|It wasn’t human nature to leave things alone. It was normal for people to try to fix things that didn’t need to be fixed; or, infinitely worse, trying to fix things that were broken, because some things are meant to be broken--
Rick Riordan, The Sea of Monsters|I am Persephone" she said, her voice thin and papery. "Welcome, demigods.Nico squashed a pomegranate under his boot. "Welcome? After last time, you've got the nerve to welcome me?"I shifted uneasily, because talking that way to a god can get you blasted into dust bunnies. "Um, Nico-""It's all right," Persephone said coldly. "We had a little family spat.""Family spat?" Nico cried. "You turned me into a dandelion!
Edward M. Purcell|I have not yet lost a feeling of wonder, and of delight, that this delicate motion should reside in all the things around us, revealing itself only to him who looks for it. I remember, in the winter of our first experiments, just seven years ago, looking on snow with new eyes. There the snow lay around my doorstep — great heaps of protons quietly precessing in the earth's magnetic field. To see the world for a moment as something rich and strange is the private reward of many a discovery.
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|You are reformed, you may be a better man, but you are not a different man. How can you convince yourself of such a thing when you are so conversant with the theology of your faith? From one end of this life to the other, you carry with you all that you have done. Absolution grants you forgiveness for it, but does not expunge the past. The man you were still lives within you, repressed by the man you have struggled to become.
Blaise Pascal|Contradiction is not a sign of falsity, nor the lack of contradiction a sign of truth.
D.W.Metz|Woman with known intentintending to exploreWoman with her senses on the edgeedging for some more..."From my poem, "Known Intent" - The Poetic Art of Seduction - Volume 1©Clarissa O. Clemens
Dorothy Parker|I hate writing, I love having written.
Joe Hill, 20th Century Ghosts|Deadlines help me, but my muse hates them. My muse functions in fits and starts, and tends to take very long vacations. Deadlines are like a hot poker to his ass. They force us both to sit down and write, which is what it takes to do this.
David R. Cerbone|Media work needs ideals. Maybe thirty years from now, after I retire, I'll see the media mature and make the transition from political party, interest group, and corporate to truly public. But over the next ten years, the encroachment of commercialism and worldliness will loom much larger than the democratization we imagine. -Jin Yongquan in China Ink
Dennis Banks|When I was at 'Newsweek' magazine - which, you know, this really sounds like I walked four miles in the snow to school - but I started at 'Newsweek' magazine in 1963, which was before the Civil Rights Act of 1964. So it was actually legal to discriminate against women, and 'Newsweek' did.
Ellen J. Barrier|The first commendment of hte post 1970s meritocracy can be sumed up as follows: "Thou shall provide equality of opportunity to all, regardless of race, gender, or sexual oritentation, but worry not about equality of outcomes." But what we've seen time and time again is that the two aren't so neatly separated. If you don't concern yourself at all with equality fo outcomes, you will, over time, produce a system with horrendous inequality of opportunity. This is the paradox of meritocracy: It can only truly come to flower in a society that starts out with a relatively high degree of equality. So if you want meritocracy, work for equality. Because it is only in a society which values equality of actual outcomes, one that promotes the commonweal and social solidarity, that equal opportunity and earned mobility can flourish.
Héloïse d'Argenteuil, The Letters of Abélard and Héloïse|Let me have a faithful account of all that concerns you; I would know everything, be it ever so unfortunate. Perhaps by mingling my sighs with yours I may make your sufferings less, for it is said that all sorrows divided are made lighter.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning|Etchings endure, But not in SandMeanings Collide To Unresolved FragmentsCodes fizzle to StaticThey are not lostBut UnheardNever lostFading slowly to SilenceBy infinite degrees
Hunter S. Thompson, Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail '72|Hubert Humphrey is a treacherous, gutless old ward-heeler who should be put in a goddamn bottle and sent out with the Japanese current.
Victoria Schwab, A Darker Shade of Magic|The skin of her face,parched by the monotonous dietof salty rain,with tremendous effortgave wayto a smile.
Olivia De Havilland|I have my own spiritual guru, and I'm so happy, and I feel so satisfied that I might appreciate many other famous gurus, but, you know, I am not attracted that way because I have found the person.
Elizabeth E. Castillo|Of an artistic temperament, I deny that I am; yet I must possess something of the artist's faculty of making the most of present pleasure.
Gina Greenlee, Postcards and Pearls: Life Lessons from Solo Moments on the Road|I don’t want to be that girl who’s nothing without her boyfriend. I want to be a reflection of what I love—of who I am on my own, not just an empty echo of who I love. Does that make sense?” “You think I’d overwhelm you?” he asked. “We’d overwhelm each other.
Diane Arbus|One thing that struck me early is that you don’t put into a photograph what’s going to come out. Or, vice versa, what comes out is not what you put in.
Justin Cronin, The City of Mirrors|It was as if I'd lost some cosmic game of musical chairs; the song had stopped, I was left standing, and there was simply nothing to be dine about it.
Rainer Maria Rilke|She who reconciles the ill-matched threadsOf her life, and weaves them gratefullyInto a single cloth – It’s she who drives the loudmouths from the hallAnd clears it for a different celebration.
Sara Miles|I wanted to stand on the kind of holy ground that wasn't curated by church professionals, where a burning bush could blaze forth in defiance of safety regulations and outside of regular office hours.
Georges Limbour|Still, the car started, so we drove off to the movies. Popcorn happened. Previews, ads, and an annoying kid all went down like clockwork. The picture started and then ended a while later, the world unchanged by its passing.
Edgar Allan Poe, The Purloined Letter|As a poet and as a mathematician, he would reason well; as a mere mathematician, he could not have reasoned at all.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|Never forget who you are, never forget where you came from and why you are here on this beautiful planet.
Taylor Jenkins Reid, The Seven Husbands of Evelyn Hugo|And here’s why it worked: man or woman, gay, straight, bisexual, you name it, we all just want to be teased.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Selfish DreamscapesIf you have a dream, as you should, relish in being selfish about building every passionate aspect of it. The crowd of spectators and consumers will still be exactly where you left them... gossiping about everybody else's dream but their own.
Rebecca MacKinnon|I don't want to use the term 'plus-size,' because, to me, what the hell is that? It just doesn't have a positive connotation to it. I tend to not use it.
Sadhguru|I think we deserve a happily-ever-after.""If anyone ever did, it's us.
Madeleine L'Engle|Practice means to perform, over and over again in the face of all obstacles, some act of vision, of faith, of desire. Practice is a means of inviting the perfection desired.
Vilém Flusser, Vampyroteuthis Infernalis: A Treatise, with a Report by the Institut Scientifique de Recherche Paranaturaliste|Toward the end of Carmel's life, the perception of super talls shifted dramatically, thanks largely to televised NBA games, By 1975, pretty much everyone had seen super tall people on TV, in the context of being celebrated in front of sold-out basketball arenas. This new frame of reference could not have been more positive. By 1995 Shaquille O'Neal was known as The Man of Steel, not the Traveling Human Giant. The idea of super tall people as freaks was replaced by the idea of super tall people as amazing athletes.
Peter Sloterdijk, Du mußt dein Leben ändern|On the surface, humans appear to hate conflict, but in reality, they seek it.
Poppet, Aisyx|Inhaling, I am ignited with the first breath of freedom
Johannes Tauler|Without pain, there would be no suffering, without suffering we would never learn from our mistakes. To make it right, pain and suffering is the key to all windows, without it, there is no way of life.
Igor Eliseev, One-Two|Oh, this tormenting concern that your neighbor’s life might be better than yours! And how great it feels when you realize that the truth is exactly the opposite; and we’re not so different after all. Nоthing brings true neighbors together like a little friendly competition.
Suzanne Collins, Gregor and the Code of Claw|He was safe for the moment, here in the playground, but people all over the world were suffering, starving, fleeing, killing one another as they waged their wars. How much energy they put into harming one another. How little into saving. Would it ever change? What would it take to make it change? He thought of Luxa's hand pressed into Ripred's paw. That's what it would take. People rejecting war. Not one or two, but all of them. Saying it was an unacceptable way to solve their differences. By the look of things, the human race had a lot of evolving to do before that happened. Maybe it was impossible. But maybe it wasn't. Like Vikus said, nothing would happen unless you hoped it could. If you had hope, maybe you could find the way to make things change. Because if you thought about it, there were so many reasons to try.
Michael J. Behe, Darwin's Black Box: The Biochemical Challenge to Evolution|The conclusion of intelligent design flows naturally from the data itself—not from sacred books or sectarian beliefs. Inferring that biochemical systems were designed by an intelligent agent is a humdrum process that requires no new principles of logic or science. It comes simply from the hard work that biochemistry has done over the past forty years, combined with consideration of the way in which we reach conclusions of design every day.
Debasish Mridha|The more you give, the more you will have to give.
Terri  Clark, Hollyweird|Are we talking hell hounds and flames here?" Des asked, pacing at the end of our beds.I repeated the question and gave a heaving sigh of relief when Jameson said I had the wrong idea."He's going to 'lead us into temptation.'""That doesn't sound so bad," Des said with a cheeky grin.
Kit Alloway, Dreamfever|But he saw a rare determination in Haley's eyes. I can trust Haley's judgement, he told himself, even as he remembered how Haley had eaten that cheddar with the mold growing on it two weeks before.Cheese and people are not the same.
Ryōkan|Keep your heart clearAnd transparent,And you willNever be bound.A single disturbed thoughtCreates ten thousand distractions.
Evan Hunter|My first girlfriend broke up with me on a yellow legal pad. After she picked me up from the airport one day, she took out a letter that her therapist wrote, and she read it to me. She and her therapists wrote a letter breaking up with me together.
Molly Ringle, The Goblins of Bellwater|Yes, he knew it was crazy to be this obsessed over an encounter that had taken up maybe sixty seconds of his life. (Or had it been an hour and sixty seconds?) But what an encounter. His fingers still felt the bones and flesh through her sweater, his tongue still tasted her mysterious bitter-greens mouth, her voice still haunted him with that whispered 'Help me.
Dipika Agarwal, The Better Side - 16 Positive Attributes To Lead A Better Life|Beautiful relations are based on bricks of trust, sometimes situations become unfriendly with no logical reasons behind it, some are eye-openers and some make you realize your faults , but if your intentions are right be bold enough to face all oppositions.
Zora Neale Hurston, I Love Myself When I Am Laughing... And Then Again: A Zora Neale Hurston Reader|A quite specific astonishment stands at the beginning of every theological perception, inquiry, and thought.
John Scott|Until you see the cross as that which is done _by_ you, you will never appreciate that it is done _for_ you.
Craig Froman, An Owl on the Moon: A Journal from the Edge of Darkness|Then, as a single snowflake flares and flickers upon voicing its final breath, so two eyes make silent conversation with mine. A face as iridescent as candle-fire purls verse and poetry. My eyes read her every intent as a wave of recollections floods my senses.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen.
Maggie Osborne, The Promise of Jenny Jones|Anything else, Your Majesty?" "I didn't say my prayers." "I'll say them for you. Our father who art in et cetera, bless all the rotten cousins and kill Jenny. Amen.
Peter Kreeft, Prayer for Beginners|God makes it easy to begin: just do it! God also makes it easy to progress in prayer, for he rewards our efforts with peace and joy. And he makes it easiest of all at the end, for it gradually becomes more natural and delightful.
Steve Jobs|A shoe is not only a design, but it's a part of your body language, the way you walk. The way you're going to move is quite dictated by your shoes.
Jenna Alatari|When you discover the difference between consciousness and the brain, you will discover yourself.
G.S. Jennsen, Sidespace|We'll make the trip a race, and I'll get there first.
Josh Homme|While journalists cannot right every wrong, champion every cause or fix every problem, they can - through the written word - lift someone's burden for a day, make some elderly woman on a bus smile or let them know they are noticed by someone.
Sigizmund Krzhizhanovsky, Autobiography of a Corpse|I must be alive," Gawain said hoarsely. "Dead doesn't hurt this much.
Leigh Bardugo, Siege and Storm|In Hollywood, we're always looking for the next big thing that will help us feel fulfilled. As actors, we're always trying to be someone else. Things like therapy help us learn how to be ourselves. Sometimes.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|The Lord will fulfill his purpose for me; your love, O Lord, endures forever - do not abandon the works of your hands.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam|Success without honor is an unseasoned dish; it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Every word that comes after "And the Lord told me. . . “is a pious lie
Beatrice Rose Roberts, Twin Loyalties: From the Chronicles of Tar Ponds City|Come out, come out, wherever you are... come out, come out, or you'll end up in the tar...
M. Kirin|You don’t have any control over anyone’s feelings.You can’t make your parents feel proud of you.You can’t make anyone like you.You can’t make anyone love you.You can make it easier for them, by sacrificing your time and energy, but you cannot MAKE THEM, you can only make it easier for them— and yet again, what have you gained? Nothing. You’re gambling. Putting trust coins into a slot machine hoping that love comes out.
G.K. Chesterton, The Book of Job|It is only about things that do not interest one, that one can give a really unbiassed opinion; and this is no doubt the reason why an unbiased opinion is always valueless.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|To be fully alive, you need time with God to recharge.
Isla Fisher|I just love the idea of ordinary people doing extraordinary things, whether it's the success of 'Cool Runnings,' which is the success of four guys from Jamaica who had never seen snow, or whether it's my success, just as a human being.
Sarah Dessen, Lock and Key|All of a sudden I didn't fit in anywhere. Not at school, not at home...and every time I turned around, another person I'd known forever felt like a stranger to me. Even I felt like a stranger to me.
Thomas Paine|Freedom had been hunted round the globe; reason was considered as rebellion; and the slavery of fear had made men afraid to think. But such is the irresistible nature of truth, that all it asks, and all it wants, is the liberty of appearing.
Ibn Arabi|How will the ships navigatewithout stars? And then he remembered that the stars weredead, long dead, and the light they shed was not to be trusted,was false, if not an outright lie, and in any case was inadequate,unequal to its task, which was to illuminate the evil that men did.
Jessica Valenti|I use Pinterest for everything. Book collections, trips, hobbies. It's all there. I planned my wedding on it. When I had a kid, I planned all his stuff on it. So it was nice to discover that I wasn't the only one.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|What does this wildish intuition do for women? Like the wolf, intuition has claws that pry things open and pin things down, it has eyes that can through the shields of persona, it has ears that hear beyond the range of mundane human hearing. With these formidable psychic tools a woman takes on a shrewd and even precognitive animal consciousness, one that deepens her femininity and sharpens her ability to move confidently in the outer world.
Arthur Schopenhauer, The World as Will and Representation, Vol 1|I felt I was drawing close to that age, that place in life, where you realize one day what you'd told yourself was a Zen detachment turns out to be naked fear. You'd had one serious love relationship in your life and it had ended in tragedy, and the tragedy had broken something inside you. But instead of trying to repair the broken place, or at least really stop and look at it, you skated and joked. You had friends, you were a decent citizen. You hurt no one. And your life was somehow just about half of what it could be.
Ernst Jünger, Eumeswil|Regarding the need to pray, the anarch is again no different from anyone else. But he does not like to attach himself. He does not squander his best energies. He accepts no substitute for his gold. He knows his freedom, and also what it is worth its weight in. The equation balances when he is offered something credible. The result is ONE.There can be no doubt that gods have appeared, not only in ancient times but even late in history; they feasted with us and fought at our sides. But what good is the splendor of bygone banquets to a starving man? What good is the clinking of gold that a poor man hears through the wall of time? The gods must be called.The anarch lets all this be; he can bide his time. He has his ethos, but not morals. He recognizes lawfulness, but not the law; he despises rules. Whenever ethos goes into shalts and shalt-nots, it is already corrupted. Still, it can harmonize with them, depending on location and circumstances, briefly or at length, just as I harmonize here with the tyrant for as long as I like.One error of the anarchists is their belief that human nature is intrinsically good. They thereby castrate society, just as the theologians ("God is goodness") castrate the Good Lord.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|People submit too easily to change from others. And yet, for some reason, whenever they consider changing themselves, the focus is always on what they are giving up, never what they are about to gain
Mark Twain|India, she now knew, would not be content staying in the background, was nobody's wallpaper, insisted in interjecting itself into everyone's life, meddling with it, twisting it, molding it beyond recognition. India, she had found out, was a place of political intrigue and economic corruption, a place occupied by real people with their incessantly human needs, desires, ambitions, and aspirations, and not the exotic, spiritual, mysterious entity that was a creation of the Western imagination.
Adam Phillips|It is the link between satisfaction and redress--the idea that a satisfaction scene, whatever else it is, is a revenge tragedy--that I want to pursue; and the sense that we waylay our desire--make it literally unreal--with pictures of its satisfaction. Pornography, for example, can easily be used, among many other things, to pre-empt the elaboration of erotic fantasy; it can be, in Masud Kahn's words, 'the stealer of dreams'. To put it in old-fashioned Freudian language, fantasies of satisfaction are defences against desiring, the attempt in fantasy to take the risk out of desire; or to put it in more Kleinian language, fantasies of satisfaction are attacks upon desire; they are, in fact, against desiring, both up against it and in opposition to it. Our fantasies of satisfaction are clues to our fears about desiring. Wishful fantasies are the original sins of omission.
Delia Ephron, Frannie in Pieces|If you think about something else hard enough, you can mostly control your feelings.
Andrea Gibson|For JennAt 12 years old I started bleeding with the moonand beating up boys who dreamed of becoming astronauts.I fought with my knuckles white as stars,and left bruises the shape of Salem.There are things we know by heart,and things we don't. At 13 my friend Jen tried to teach me how to blow rings of smoke.I'd watch the nicotine rising from her lips like halos,but I could never make dying beautiful.The sky didn't fill with colors the night I convinced myselfveins are kite strings you can only cut free.I suppose I love this life,in spite of my clenched fist.I open my palm and my lifelines look like branches from an Aspen tree,and there are songbirds perched on the tips of my fingers,and I wonder if Beethoven held his breaththe first time his fingers touched the keysthe same way a soldier holds his breaththe first time his finger clicks the trigger.We all have different reasons for forgetting to breathe.But my lungs rememberthe day my mother took my hand and placed it on her bellyand told me the symphony beneath was my baby sister's heartbeat.And I knew life would tremblelike the first tear on a prison guard's hardened cheek,like a prayer on a dying man's lips,like a vet holding a full bottle of whisky like an empty gun in a war zone…just take me just take meSometimes the scales themselves weigh far too much,the heaviness of forever balancing blue sky with red blood.We were all born on days when too many people died in terrible ways,but you still have to call it a birthday.You still have to fall for the prettiest girl on the playground at recessand hope she knows you can hit a baseballfurther than any boy in the whole third gradeand I've been running for homethrough the windpipe of a man who singswhile his hands playing washboard with a spoonon a street corner in New Orleanswhere every boarded up window is still painted with the wordsWe're Coming Backlike a promise to the oceanthat we will always keep moving towards the music,the way Basquait slept in a cardboard box to be closer to the rain.Beauty, catch me on your tongue. Thunder, clap us open.The pupils in our eyes were not born to hide beneath their desks.Tonight lay us down to rest in the Arizona desert,then wake us washing the feet of pregnant womenwho climbed across the border with their bellies aimed towards the sun.I know a thousand things louder than a soldier's gun.I know the heartbeat of his mother.Don't cover your ears, Love.Don't cover your ears, Life.There is a boy writing poems in Central Parkand as he writes he movesand his bones become the bars of Mandela's jail cell stretching apart,and there are men playing chess in the December coldwho can't tell if the breath rising from the boardis their opponents or their own,and there's a woman on the stairwell of the subwayswearing she can hear Niagara Falls from her rooftop in Brooklyn,and I'm remembering how Niagara Falls is a city overrunwith strip malls and traffic and vendorsand one incredibly brave river that makes it all worth it. Ya'll, I know this world is far from perfect.I am not the type to mistake a streetlight for the moon.I know our wounds are deep as the Atlantic.But every ocean has a shorelineand every shoreline has a tidethat is constantly returningto wake the songbirds in our hands, to wake the music in our bones,to place one fearless kiss on the mouth of that brave riverthat has to run through the center of our heartsto find its way home.
Ellis Peters, Monk's Hood|Don't reach for the halo too soon. You have plenty of time to enjoy yourself, even a little maliciously sometimes, before you settle down to being a saint.
Adrián Lamo|Can you feel it? The vibration? It’s the energy from everyone around us. It’s in the air. If you’re dying and you think no one can save you, just go out and stretch your arms into the air and absorb some of the energy. You can have eternal life. It’s true!- Runa Molnes
G.K. Dutta|Every god creature has a “Life Cycle” and we all worth it as our right but my question is that who is more innocent, Human Being or Animal Being?
Sascha Radetsky|While my parents never had the time or money to secure university education themselves, they were adamant that their children should. In comfort and in love, we were taught the joys of knowledge and of work well done. I only regret that neither my mother nor my father could live to see the day I would accept the Nobel Prize.
Robert Anton Wilson, Masks of the Illuminati|In almost all other professions a man must be able to observe carefully and report accurately what he has seen. Those qualifications are unnecessary for journalists, however, since their job is to write sensational stories that sell newspapers.
A.E. Samaan|You and I, my son, are that "below." That was true in 1776. It is true today. There is no them without you, and without the right to break you they must necessarily fall from the mountain, lose their divinity, and tumble out of the Dream.
Bob  Ross|We don't make mistakes, just happy little accidents.
Gordon B. Hinckley|It isn't as bad as you sometimes think it is. It all works out. Don't worry. I say that to myself every morning. It all works out in the end. Put your trust in God, and move forward with faith and confidence in the future. The Lord will not forsake us. He will not forsake us. If we will put our trust in Him, if we will pray to Him, if we will live worthy of His blessings, He will hear our prayers.
Molly Sims|Young girls look to me as a role model and think I crash diet to keep slim. That's not true, I always eat properly.
DaShanne Stokes|When you're dealing with frauds and liars, listen more to what they don't say than what they do.
Zeno of Citium|This is the problem with dealing with someone who is actually a good listener. They don’t jump in on your sentences, saving you from actually finishing them, or talk over you, allowing what you do manage to get out to be lost or altered in transit. Instead, they wait, so you have to keep going.
W. H. Auden|Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of.
Sheldon B. Kopp|If I reveal myself without worrying about how others will respond, then some will care, though others may not. But who can love me, if no one knows me? I must risk it, or live alone.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|I look at the idea of rest as rotating one’s qualitative focus, not just doing less or changing activity. The role of rest is recovery. If you keep pushing the same quality button (fast or slow, concentrated or dispersed, hard-working or lazy…) for the same component all the time, of course it’s going to become depleted, just like if you keep working a single muscle in the same fashion or don’t use it at all.
Katherine Hannigan, True|It wasn't till they were on the bridge that Delly asked RB, "So, Ferris Boyd's your favorite?" She didn't mind, mostly.RB answered so fast, though, she knew he wasn't fibbing. "She's my favorite friend," he told her. "You're my favorite everything.
Lawrence M. Krauss|It was one of the most exciting, perfect evenings of my life, my solo debut at Carnegie Hall. And knowing we were all there to raise money for Gay Men's Health Crisis made the evening an extraordinary experience.
Warren Farrell|You can't have a healthy society unless you have healthy companies that are making a profit, that are employing people and that are growing.
Chloe Thurlow, The Secret Life of Girls|What constitutes a beautiful girl? It is not merely an anatomical or aesthetic quality. Beautiful girls have an inner beauty, an inner light that defeats the darkness. It is a way of walking, smiling, of being. They have a certain smell, sweet as baby breath. They radiate good will, kindness, selflessness.
Rene Redzepi|Anytime you ride against the best in the world, it becomes a learning process.
Louise Brooks|Sometimes, I get ideas from dreams. Often, my stories are based on adventures that I, or my friends, have actually lived.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Human history is the ancient story of the umbilical conflict between a lone individual versus a cabalistic society. A love-hate relationship defines our personal history with society, where the suppression of individuality for the sake of the collective good battles the notion that the purpose of society is to enable each person to flourish. A conspicuous feature of cultural development involves societies teaching children the sublimation of unacceptable impulses or idealizations, consciously to transform their inappropriate instinctual impulses into socially acceptable actions or behavior. The paradox rest in the concept that in order for any person to flourish they must preserve the spiritual texture of themselves, a process that requires the individual to resist societal restraint, push off against the community, and reject the walls of traditionalism that seek to pen us in. The climatic defining event in a person’s life represents the liberation of the self from crippling conformism, staunchly rebuffing capitulating to the whimsy of the super ego of society.
Mensah Oteh|Don’t celebrate your day because you get everything you want. Celebrate your day because you love and appreciate what you already have – the little things, the big things, the things that have come and gone, but most importantly those things yet to come.
Willis Carto, An Appeal to Reason: a Compendium of the Writings of Willis A. Carto|What's right about America is that although we have a mess of problems, we have great capacity - intellect and resources - to do some thing about them.
Thrity Umrigar, The Weight of Heaven|The order should not have been given,' she said. 'It was not done for the city but for your private ends.'I shook my head. 'There is no difference.'You believe that?'A Prince must, or he is no Prince.
Liz Hemingway|An elderly black man with gray hair said, "Every bottle should come with a warning: 'This bottle may cause you to lose your job. This bottle may cause you to get a divorce. This bottle may cause you to become homeless.
Rajesh Walecha|Life is happening right now, do not waste it in thinking rather enjoy it.
Orison Swett Marden|A diplomatic solution that puts significant and verifiable constraints on Iran's nuclear program represents the best and most sustainable chance to ensure that America, Israel, the entire Middle East will never be menaced by a nuclear-armed Iran.
Jack Layton|It's a required part of your film history to know who Woody is. His movies are so wonderful, and not just funny but so insightful about human behavior.
Yani Tseng|A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events and outcomes. It is a catalyst and it sparks extraordinary results.
William Crawford Gorgas, Sanitation in Panama|And certainly both Horses were doing, if not all they could, all they thought they could; which is not quite the same thing.
Cesar Millan|I think leadership is knowing what you want to achieve and then purposefully and sensibly taking steps to achieve it, remembering always that you have got to bring people with you if you are seeking to be a successful political leader.
Sameer  Khan, Eerie Edges|Much of our lives are wasted by finding reality, even though we live in unstable nature and with many irrational laws.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|It is an exciting adventure, doing what you love.
Davi Oliveira|Sometimes stepping away from what you desire the most, is the best action to take: because it gives the process the momentum to take its own course.
Trenton Lee Stewart, The Mysterious Benedict Society and the Perilous Journey|Edmund felt despair eating away at his victory. "Why is the world like this?" He shivered. "Why does it feel so cold, so hard?"A smile flickered on John’s face, one that was neither happy nor sad. "What would be the worth of goodness, in a world that always rewarded it?
Zachary Knighton|At the end of the day, I don't need to work, and I think it's good that I have the drive and willpower to get up and do something in the morning even though I don't need to.
Stephen Vizinczey|In the land of genius, the sun always shines; in the land of clever, there are many clouds!
Bruce Springsteen|I wasn’t raised in a household where it was considered abnormal to be gay. So for me to meet people who use the word 'faggot' as an insult, with a derogatory meaning, I can’t take it. I don’t understand it. It’s so foreign to me. I was raised in a household where being gay was like, the most normal thing. You know, my brother is gay, all of my best friends are gay. When my brother came out of the closet, it wasn’t a big deal for my family. Even my grandpa, who is like, super old-school, was like, Good for you! It’s outrageous to me when I see people hate on someone because of their sexuality. I hate the intolerance. I hate the judgment. I hate it so much. Most of my favorite people in my life are gay. It’s something I’m super passionate about, because whenever I would see my friends get bullied, or my brother get hurt for his sexuality, I would become a raging lunatic. I would literally become a raging lunatic because I just can’t take it. When you see someone you love hurting, for such a superficial, bullshit reason, it’s like, how small and spiritually unenlightened and dumb as fuck can a person be? How much further can your head get up your ass that you’re actually judging someone as a person based on their sexuality before you even have a conversation with them?
David Guterson, Snow Falling on Cedars|It ate at whatever was warm nearby, and then the coldness settled in permanently. You learned to live with it
Alahdal A. Hussein|I don't have much time' is a lousy excuse. There is always time, what we you don't have is the skills to manage the time.
Aleksandra Ninkovic, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|Those who intend to destroy me, underestimate my ability to regenerate.
Thomm Quackenbush, Artificial Gods|The UFOs were nothing more than the collective fantasies of a stressed out society... The world into which UFOs had appeared was one of under-the-desk siren drills against nuclear annihilation. Society had made a new myth, a communal idea of something outside a species apparently intent on dooming itself.
Wallace Stegner, Angle of Repose|...and I suddenly feel that Henry is there, incredible need for Henry to be there and to put his hand on me even while it seems to me that Henry is the rain and I am alone and wanting him- Clare
Suki Kim, The Interpreter|The stars are in your favor, darling, you can't be horrible. Nope, they won't let you.
Red Skelton|If we choose to walk into a forest where a tiger lives, we are taking a chance. If we swim in a river where crocodiles live, we are taking a chance. If we visit the desert or climb a mountain or enter a swamp where snakes have managed to survive, we are taking a chance.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|With favoring winds, o'er sunlit seas,We sailed for the Hesperides,The land where golden apples grow;But that, ah! that was long ago.How far, since then, the ocean streamsHave swept us from that land of dreams,That land of fiction and of truth,The lost Atlantis of our youth!Whither, ah, whither? Are not theseThe tempest-haunted Orcades,Where sea-gulls scream, and breakers roar,And wreck and sea-weed line the shore?Ultima Thule! Utmost Isle!Here in thy harbors for a whileWe lower our sails; a while we restFrom the unending, endless quest.
Octave Mirbeau, Le Calvaire|I did not know what she suffered from, but I knew that her malady must have been horrible; I knew that from the way she used to embrace me.
Yoko Ono|Each time we don't say what we wanna say, we're dying.
Munia Khan|When something means nothing to you, you can do everything you want; but someday, somehow you may have to pay for it.
Jo Walton, What Makes This Book So Great|The Master is cordial yet stern, awe-inspiring yet not fierce and respectful yet at ease.
Brian P. Cleary, You Oughta Know By Now|Not only is love blind, it’s a little hard of hearing.
Nicholas Sparks|Logan stopped and gazed skyward as the kite began to soar above them, and when he clapped his hands at Ben's obvious joy, she was strucked by the simple truth that sometimes the most ordinary things could be made extraordinary, simply by doing them with the right people.
Felicity Brandon, Friday's Lesson|You raise one eyebrow and regardme with another intense stare. “Start by stripping pleaseJenna.”I hear what you say and yet on some level I can’t quite process it.“Strip?” I ask, as though I don’t understand your demand.“Yes, strip. Take off all of your clothes. I want to see you naked. Now please.”I feel dazed, yet I let my jacket fall to the floor, and start work on my shirt buttons. Your eyes never leave me.I can feel them mining into me whilst I tackle the third button. Why is this so weird? You’re my husband afterall. You’ve seen me undress and naked countless times.Yet this is different. I am not just undressing, I am stripping. It’s not my decision; it’s at your command. You are not just Oliver now; you’re my Husband – some dominant entity now in charge. For some strange reason, I am finding it really hot! The look in your eyes is not just appreciative; it’s carnal. Waves begin to rise in my pool of desire.
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|Christmas, my child, is love in action.
Dennis Prager|One cannot get rid of a good education, nor, unfortunately, of a bad one, which often is such because one has not wanted to defray the expenses of a good one.
Torron-Lee Dewar, 50 Ways to Become a Better Choreographer|Let's Run in the circle, opposite to each other. Until we are thrown into the sky by the storm swirling in between us. I'll hold your hands and I'll hug you, let me be your wings. Let's fall on that clouds and let's dance on the rainbow. Let's bore a hole in that sky until we fall back to the sea with the rain. And Let's swim back to the shore, to play the game of circle again.
Carol Ann Duffy, Rapture|I tend the mobile nowlike an injured birdWe text, text, textour significant words.I re-read your first,your second, your third,look for your small xx,feeling absurd.The codes we sendarrive with a broken chord.I try to picture your hands,their image is blurred.Nothing my thumbs presswill ever be heard."Text
Agatha Christie, Death Comes as the End|All Egypt is obsessed with death! And do you know why, Renisenb? Because we have eyes in our bodies, but none in our minds. We cannot conceive of a life other than this one - of a life after death. We can visualize only a continuation of what we know. We have no real belief in a God.
Tanu Reshma B Singh|The subconscious n conscious mind together comprise functional brain which operates 24 hours a day as a kind of computer, selecting and registering data n then feeding it back when need it.
Kate Chopin|I completely love playing and designing games and always will. I am so into games that I listen to game music all day. That may sound strange, but you can guarantee I'm a hardcore gamer and would never let you down by designing a crappy title.
Daniel José Older, Salsa Nocturna: Stories|Are you a monster if you kill monsters, especially if those monsters are inside your head?
Smedley Butler|In Iraq, many of my female friends were architects and professionals with a lot of power during the 1980s while all the men were at war in Iran.
Joe Paterno|I lived in the projects and the ghetto, and turned the negative into a positive.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|An aphorism needn't be true, but it should sound true.
Sara F. Hathaway, Day After Disaster|He swallowed hard, annoyed at the sudden dryness in his throat. No reason to become all emotional about it now. He had already sold his soul for a chance at vengeance, and there was no getting it back.
Stephen Hawking|For the future, primarily, we must educate people in science, engineering, technology and math.
R.D. Ronald, The Elephant Tree|It was all he'd felt for too long to change now. Maybe it was too late for any other kind of life. This was all he knew. It was safe, insulated. Familiar. An absense of emotion kept him sane. Or what passed for it.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Whatever you believe in, is true – at least to you! The question is, “How positive and empowering is it, especially in the face of adversity?
Ted Kerasote, Merle's Door: Lessons from a Freethinking Dog|Success. I turned back to my sandwich, only to find that it wasn’t there anymore. Maybe because it had been hijacked. “Give me that!” I told the vamp, who was holding it firmly against his chest, a determined look on his face. “What ees zat?” he demanded, eyeing my prize. “Cheese.” I held it up. “Zat ees not cheese.” “How do you know?” “Eet is orange.” “A lot of cheese is orange.” “Non! No cheese ees that color. Cheese comes from zee milk. Zee milk, eet ees white. When ’ave you seen milk that looks like zat?” I held up the square of little slices and pointed at the bold-faced label. “Processed American Cheese.” He snatched the package, without letting go of his hostage. And eyed it warily. “Eet says ‘cheese food.’” He looked up, obviously perplexed. “What ees thees? Zee cheese, it does not eat.
Richard Puz, The Carolinian|Bambi was inspired, and said trembling, "There is Another who is over us all, over us and over Him.
Kathleen  Hale|People may do crazy things for love, but they will also do amazing things for money.
Frederick Espiritu, The Path to Awesomeness: Becoming Super, Being Human|…but death can’t be the final word, can it? I mean, look at this fire. The wood that we threw on it has been decimated, or so it seems, but in reality, the wood has been transformed into gasses and ashes. I think about that, you know, about how nothing is ever destroyed, but only changes form.
Alyson Stoner|Millions of animals are euthanized every year because shelters can't find homes for them. Buying animals from pet stores also tends to support puppy and cat mills, many of which have deplorable conditions for animals, which shouldn't be tolerated.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Soared Over Fairyland and Cut the Moon in Two|Scotland - The Highlands - Thirteenth Century 	"Have ye e'er seen such a lovely set o' bosoms?
Damon Galgut, In a Strange Room|There's no theme, no moral to be learned, except for the knowledge that lightning can strike from a clear blue sky one morning and take away everything you've built, everything you've counted on, leaving wreckage and no meaning behind. It can happen to anyone, it can happen to you.
bell hooks, Black Looks: Race and Representation|the most weird things about elders, they learned it on a quiet younger age & don't want us to.
Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man|Was that what it was really like to be alive? The feeling of darkness dragging you forward?How could they live with it? And yet they did, and even seemed to find enjoyment in it, when surely the only sensible course would be to despair. Amazing. To feel you were a tiny living thing, sandwiched between two cliffs of darkness. How could they stand to be alive?
Yotam Ottolenghi|I just think that it's strong and it's important that we recognize what the Christmas season is about; it's about the birth of our Savior, and there's a lot of pressure today to be politically correct, but people are realizing, too, that you have to be open to express your faith what you want believe.
Paul Ryan|High levels of homeownership have been shown to foster greater involvement in school and civic organizations, higher graduation rates, and greater neighborhood stability.
Jose Andres|The human voice: mysterious, spontaneous, primal. For me, the human voice is the vessel on which all emotions travel - except perhaps jealousy. And the breath, the breath is the captain of that vessel.
Orson Scott Card, Enchantment|It's not getting from A to B. It's not the beginning or the destination that counts. It's the ride in between...This train is alive with things that should be seen and heard. It's a living, breathing something -- you just have to want to learn its rhythm.
Carl Sandburg|Tell no man anything, for no man listensYet hold thy lips ready to speak.
Fareed Zakaria|But to the fighting soldier that phase of the war is behind. It was left behind after his first battle. His blood is up. He is fighting for his life, and killing now for him is as much a profession as writing is for me.
Germany Kent|Today if anything is trying to hold you back, give no attention to it. Get your hopes up, get your faith up, look up, and get ready to rise up.
Carolyn Lee Adams, Ruthless|I shut up. I don't fight, I don't scream. Shame rides alongside my terror. But somewhere deep, deep inside, I hear Mom tell me to trust my gut. My gut tells me I am blind and I am lost, and if I fought for freedom now, it would end in my death. I listen to my gut. Because I want to live.
Debasish Mridha|No one can steal your love, joy, and happiness without your permission.
Dr. Lonnie Rex, My Amazing Adventures with God|Anna's voice wasn't a beautiful voice - rough edged and sorrowful, a bit used, somehow male and female at once. Yet it had more vibrancy to it than most Danish voices, which were often thin and white and too pretty to trigger a shiver. Anna's voice had the heat of the south; it warmed Einar, as if her throat were read with coals.
Georg Rauch, An Unlikely Warrior: A Jewish Soldier in Hitler's Army|Rules will break you as often as you break them. But I guess that’s okay.Maybe I’m done with rules.For now, anyway.I think I will just be. I will exist. And see what happens.
Osamu Dazai, No Longer Human|I felt as though the vessel if my suffering had become empty, as if nothing could interest me now. I had lost even the ability to suffer.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|The purpose of any healthy relationship is to find someone that will magnify your life's experiences, not tolerate it or become a spectator of it.
Jennifer  Bernard|Think of something clever, witty or profound, keep it short and people may quote you.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|There's no way you can wake up today, only to repeat yesterday's routine, and except better results tomorrow. Change is a must or growth is impossible.
A.D. Posey|I am free to write: therefore, I am free to be.
Aimee Duffy, Once Upon A Twist|Macho and manly and stern and, oh man. Sam sighed. Guys like this were never gay. They were always the ones chasing the homos.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|the world had ended, so why had the battle not ceased
John Updike, Rabbit, Run|Yeah, you lose this attitude, I can help you work that hurt out.”Who was this man? He held onto his tragedy for seventeen fucking years, how could he stand there and tell mehe could help me work through mine?“Really, Joe? Like you helped me work out my grief at losing Tim?” I asked sarcastically.“That’s not what I was offerin’, buddy, but you want it like that I’ll give it to you.”“You’re unbelievable,” I snapped.“I’m yours.”That socked me in the gut too, so hard it winded me and all I could do was stare up at him.Taking advantage, his face dipped close and his hands curled around both sides of my head.“First fuckin’ time you smiled at me in my bed, that’s when it happened,” he murmured.
Mark Sherman Smeester|In order for you to insult me, I would first have to value your opinion.
Sasha Issenberg, The Victory Lab: The Secret Science of Winning Campaigns|We generally describe the most repulsive examples of man's cruelty as brutal or bestial, implying that such behavior is characteristic of less highly developed animals than ourselves. In fact, however, the extremes of brutal behavior are confined to us: there exists no parallel in nature to our savage treatment of each other. The unmistakable truth is that man is the most vicious and cruel species that ever walked the earth.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|We survive, in the confusionof a life reborn beyond reason.
Nina Simone|Every day we wake up, we have an opportunity to do some good, but there's so much bad that you have to navigate to get to the good.
Claire LaZebnik, The Trouble with Flirting|I just called you corny and said you were wearing a green dress. That's, like, the least flirtatious thing anyone's ever 
Karan Johar|Oscar Wilde always makes me smile - with respect and admiration. His short stories prove that it is possible to be both sarcastic, even cynical, but deeply compassionate. Just seeing the cover of one of Wilde's books in a bookshop makes me smile.
Sunday Adelaja|In fact, lying to ourselves may be the most dangerous thing in the world because we live our truth whether we are honest about it or not.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|It is hard to be sure of anything among so many marvels. The world is all grown strange...How shall a man judge what to do in such times?' 'As he ever has judged,' said Aragorn. 'Good and ill have not changed since yesteryear; nor are they one thing among Elves and Dwarves and another among Men. It is a man's part to discern them, as much in the Golden Wood as in his own house.
Abdullah Öcalan, Democratic Confederalism|Then all at once he´d hear his own voice enunciating clearly and firmly, feel its reverberance along the walls and ceiling, feel ears growing tense, men and women leaning forward in their chairs, see the rows of faces quite clearly, the groups of people who couldn´t find seats crowding at the doors. Phrases like `protest, massaction, united working-class of this country and the world, revolution´, would light up the eyes and faces under him like the glare of a bonfire.
Edgar Allan Poe|I do believe God gave me a spark of genius, but he quenched it in misery.
Alaska Angleini (Lure (Marko Delacroix series))|Loyalty, trust, we both know those don’t exist toward others in our world. We prize ourselves above all others. To deny that would make you the biggest liar there is." - Marko Delacroix
Madame de Stael|There's so many people who have never heard of us, but I think what we've learned is you can't underestimate the power of a core fan base and people who believe what you're doing. I think they're the ultimate marketers. They're the ones promoting us.
Neil Gaiman, Smoke and Mirrors: Short Fiction and Illusions|Memory is the great deceiver. Perhaps there are some individuals whose memories act like tape recordings, daily records of their lives complete in every detail, but I am not one of them. My memory is a patchwork of occurrences, of discontinuous events roughly sewn together: The parts I remember, I remember precisely, whilst other sections seemed to have vanished completely.
Faith McKay, Lipstick & Zombies|Thomas remembered the image of the Cranks at the windows back at the dorm. Like living nightmares, missing only a death certificate to make them official zombies.
Malala Yousafzai|Education is not merely neglected in many of our schools today, but is replaced to a great extent by ideological indoctrination.
Amanda DeWees, Nocturne for a Widow|The ability to lie, paired with unaccountability, has made a near infinite amount of liabilities.
Mari|I am sorry.I'm sorry that I feel as if you don't trust me enough to confide me. This is me being selfish even though this isn't about me, it's about you. I'm sorry that it makes me upset that in those times you thought about ending your life, I feel like I didn't cross your mind. I hate myself for thinking you didn't care enough to talk to me about those toxic thoughts that's trying to push you to end everything, because I know myself that's it is hard to share.I hate myself for thinking you didn't care enough to think about how horrible it is going to be for me once I learn what you've done.I'm sorry for feeling like this, it is selfish, I am selfish.I'm sorry for feeling like I'm not a good friend, I know that's now how you think, I'm sorry.I just love you and I'm hurt.
J.A. Heron, GirlsQuad|Everyone loves a goddamned trainwreck, after all.
Kelly Moran, The Drake House|The truth is I do love you. Admitting that means opening myself up to all that pain when you leave. After you realize this wasn’t love, but gratitude.
Katie Ganshert, Wildflowers from Winter|Evan to Bethany: "Just trust me.""You say it like it's so easy.""Of course it's not.""Then how am I supposed to 'just trust' you?""Funny thing about trust...Sometimes you have to give it before you can experience it.
Avery Flynn, Bang|Tits and ass and class - that's how you land a man with money, Tamara Anne. You've got two and can fake the last one.
Katie Reus, Miami, Mistletoe & Murder|If you were truly 'here for me,' you would have a Kahlua in one hand and Henry Cavill's number in the other. Since I'm not having drunken phone sex with Superman, there must be another reason you're darkening my living room.
Laiah Gifty Akita|In every circumstance, call out to Jesus Christ.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|My friend John is an urgent care physician who has several patients who come to see him for various ailments on a regular basis. In addition to being brilliant and taking wonderful care of his patients, he has a unique ability to empathetically listen to his patient’s needs. One of his patients is a repeat visitor, even when she's not exhibiting symptoms. He takes the time to listen to how she's feeling and responds with kindness, empathy, and caring. He has come to realize that her visits are filling her deep need to feel validated, cared for, and understood in ways which she does not receive at home. His empathetic listening delivers incredible customer service for patient care and makes him a better health care provider. Wouldn’t it be incredible if this was the manner for not only doctors, but all professionals?
Tracy Chevalier, Girl with a Pearl Earring|Men and women walked casually about as they did on the main floor, every now and then stopping one another, exchanging pleasantries or scraps of relevantly irrelevant information. Gossip.
Lois Lowry, A Summer to Die|I don't know what she is now. A stranger, mostly. It's as if she has become a part of a different world, one that doesn't include me anymore....
Osho, Learning to Silence the Mind: Wellness Through Meditation|At the cost of efficiency always choose awareness, and you will create the situation in which meditation will become possible. You are not here just to become more and more efficient—you are here to become more and more alive; you are here to become more and more intelligent; you are here to become more and more happy, ecstatically happy. But that is totally different from the ways of the mind.
Marya Hornbacher, Madness: A Bipolar Life|The primary driver to pathological dissociation is attachment disorganization in early life: when that is followed by severe and repeated trauma, then a major disorder of structural dissociation is created (Lyons-Ruth, Dutra, Schuder, & Bianchi, 2006).
Gregg Easterbrook|False opinions are like false money, struck first of all by guilty men and thereafter circulated by honest people who perpetuate the crime without knowing what they are doing.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Surfing's a more profound kind of sport than it looks. When you surf, you learn not to fight the power of nature, even if it gets violent.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|Satire may be mad and anarchic, but it presupposes an admitted superiority in certain things over others; it presupposes a standard.
Alice Munro|I used to feel for years and years and years that I was very remiss not to have written a novel and I would question people who wrote novels and try to find out how they did it and how they had got past page 30. Then, with the approach of old age, I began to just think: “Well, lucky I can do anything at all.
Renae A. Sauter, An Empowered Life: Mind/Body/Spirit Empowerment|You cannot fix, nor are you responsible for another persons low self esteem
Patricia A. McKillip, In the Forests of Serre|Words, he decided, were inadequate at best, impossible at worst. They meant too many things. Or they meant nothing at all.
Maya Angelou|Courage means to keep working a relationship, to continue seeking solutions to difficult problems, and to stay focused during stressful periods.
Julia Serano, Gender Outlaws: The Next Generation|It is important to note that the relevant factor to sexual harassment in this story is not gender identity but gender perception. Some friends and acquaintances who have experienced harassment do not, in fact, identify as women; they were perceived as women. As I sought support, the key issue was not their gender identity, but the gender signifiers that led them to be perceived as women. If we don’t admit that sexual harassment is a gendered experience, we can never shed light on the sexism implicit in many cases of harassment. However, in addressing these sorts of gendered experiences, we may find that gender identity is not the most useful category.
A.C. Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada|The entire idea of sin, is based on books of the dead people. It is a sociological invention founded on textual fanaticism.
Marian Deegan, Relevance: Matter More|The thing about a mom is that she's always there. She's the one who rubs your back when you have the flu, who manages to notice you have no clean underwear and does your wash for you, who stocks the refrigerator with all the foods you love without having to ask. The thing about a mom is that you never imagine taking care of her, instead of the other way around.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Sacred-thoughts flashes in your mind at sacred-time. If you don’t write it immediately, it will be forgotten.
Rachael Wade, Repossession|Grace not only embraces you at your most shameful, it's the most effective antidote to sin.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|There is an art to writing, and it is not always disclosure. The act itself can be beautiful, revelatory, and private.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., If This Isn't Nice, What Is?: Advice for the Young|It is true that some of the characters speak coarsely. That is because people speak coarsely in real life. Especially soldiers and hardworking men speak coarsely, and even our most sheltered children know that. And we all know, too, that those words really don't damage children much. They didn't damage us when we were young. It was evil deeds and lying that hurt us.
Tom Ford|Starbucks was founded around the experience and the environment of their stores. Starbucks was about a space with comfortable chairs, lots of power outlets, tables and desks at which we could work and the option to spend as much time in their stores as we wanted without any pressure to buy. The coffee was incidental.
Stefan Molyneux|A babble of words that no one understands now fills the airwaves, and language loses all meaning as we sink slowly, mindlessly, into herstory rather than history because most rapists are men, aren't they?
Sunday Adelaja|If you want to have a big and strong church, then you need to build a prayer wall of defense in the spiritual realm...
Paul the Apostle|Be not deceived; God is not mocked: for whatsoever a man soweth, that shall he also reap. —GALATIANS 6: 7
Rachel Cohn, Nick & Norah's Infinite Playlist|If you want to be happy, be wary of focusing on past events and do your best to live in the present.
Molly Ivins|I never wanted to just glamorize the playa lifestyle and not touch on the down side. I wanted everyone who's in a desperate situation to know that, if they wanna choose that kinda lifestyle, they gotta be aware of everything that comes with it! It's not just about the cars, the ladies and the money.
Debasish Mridha|If there are no barriers to cross or demons to slay in the journey to reach your desired destination, how can you call it a success?
Wyatt Michael, Revenge of the Wolf|The arms, legs, and torso with head were dragged away in sections as the children were captivated by the drama, zealously chewing their candies with sticky teeth.
Andrew Furst, Western Lights – A Collection of Short Essays on Buddhism|We are not interested in developing eternity or immortality, or in preventing being sick or being born. We are interested in doing something while we are alive, while we are breathing, while we can see the beauty of the snow, the flowers, the blue sky, the sunshine, and the many other things we can imagine.
H. Jackson Brown Jr.|The more we express thanks, the more gratitude we feel. The more gratitude we feel, the more we express thanks. It's circular, and it leads to a happier life.
Arthur Schopenhauer|Do we really need a study on why people lie? They lie because it's easy, and cowards are good at "easy." Telling the truth takes moxie, and few have it.
Julia Glass|Essentially, I am a dreamer. I've dreamed all my life. When I started, I dreamed I'd be Champion because it is a sport that is all about the people who win the most, and I have a fear of not winning.
Austin Kleon, Steal Like an Artist: 10 Things Nobody Told You About Being Creative|Find the most talented person in the room, and if it’s not you, go stand next to him. Hang out with him. Try to be helpful. If you ever find that you’re the most talented person in the room, you need to find another room.
E.M. Delafield, Diary of a Provincial Lady|JAQUES: Rosalind is your love's name?ORLANDO: Yes, just.JAQUES: I do not like her name.ORLANDO: There was no thought of pleasing you when she was christened.
Virginia Woolf|Be of good cheer. Do not think of today's failures, but of the success that may come tomorrow. You have set yourselves a difficult task, but you will succeed if you persevere; and you will find a joy in overcoming obstacles. Remember, no effort that we make to attain something beautiful is ever lost.
David Platt, Follow Me: A Call to Die. A Call to Live.|The source of all things, the luminescence, has more forms than heaven's stars, sure. And one good thought is all it takes to make it shine. But a single mistake can burn down a forest in your heart, hiding all the stars, in all the skies. And while a mistake's till burning, ruined love or lost faith can make you think you're done, and you can't go on. But it's not true. It's never true. No matter what you do, no matter where you're lost, the luminescence never leaves you. Any good thing that dies inside can rise again, if you want it hard enough. The heart doesn't know how to quit, because it doesn't know how to lie. You lift your eyes from the page, fall into the smile of a perfect stranger, and the searching starts all over again. It's not what it was. It's always different. It's always something else. But the new forest that grows back in a scarred heart is sometimes wilder and stronger than it was before the fire. And if you stay in there, in that shine within yourself, that new place of light, forgiving everything and never giving up, sooner or later you'll always find yourself right back there where love and beauty made the world: at the beginning. The beginning. The beginning.
Felicia  Johnson|At the end of the afternoon she tore herself away from the story to go and buy some tobacco. This would be tricky on a holiday, but never mind, it was mainly a pretext so the story could settle and she'd have the pleasure of meeting up with her new friend again a bit later on.
Tony Dovale|IF we don't start to rethink how we are acting now...We will pay the price later for our "old-stinking-thinking" style
Bill Nye|I have a respect for manners as such, they are a way of dealing with people you don't agree with or like.
William H. Macy|I've been lucky. I've made films that I really like. It's been a combination of what comes to me and what I choose. I've gone after lots of things that I didn't get, pet projects that everybody ends up chasing after. Really, you're lucky if you get anything.
Patricia Sampson|Self-reliance is the only road to true freedom, and being one's own person is its ultimate reward
Halsey|What I'm interested in is how your career choices can affect your private life, romantically or with your mom, your relatives, your friends, your hometown, and how media manipulates information - not newspapers or blogs, but the magazines that people impulse-buy that tell you what's hot and who's not.
Jeffrey McDaniel|Mathematicians still don’t understandthe ball our hands made, or howyour electrocuted grandparents made it possiblefor you to light my cigarettes with your eyes.It isn’t as simple as me climbing into the windowto leave six ounces of orange juiceand a doughnut by the bed, or me becomingthe sand you dug your toes in,on the beach, when you wishedto hide them from the sun and the fixed eyesof strangers, and your breath broke in wavesover my earlobe, splashing through my head, spilling outover the opposite lobe, and my first poemsunder your door in the unshaven light of dawn:Your eyes remind me of a brick wallabout to be hammered by a drunkdriver. I’m that driver. All nightI’ve swallowed you in the bar.Once I kissed the scar, stretching its sealedeyelid along your inner arm, driedraining strands of hair, full of pheromones, discoveredall your idiosyncratic passageways, so I’d knowwhere to run when the cops came.Your body is the country I’ll never return to.The man in charge of what crosses my mindwill lose fingernails, for not turning youaway at the border. But at this momentwhen sweat tingles from me, andblame is as meaningless as shooting up a cow with milk,I realise my kisses filled the halls of your bodywith smoke, and the lies camelike a season. Most drunks don’t die in accidentsthey orchestrate, and I swalloweda hand grenade that never stops exploding.
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|College life is different, entirely different like you don't have to get ready and wear that red and crisp blue school uniform and look alike every day. Free to define ourselves with statement attire. Good thing.
Jeff Lindsay, Darkly Dreaming Dexter|Is there a reason you look like you want to murder me?""Not particularly. You have that effect on people.
Wade Davis, Into the Silence: The Great War, Mallory and the Conquest of Everest|They brought their whole intellectual energy to bear on their relationships; they wanted to know not only that they loved people but how and why they loved them, to understand the mechanism of their likings, the springs that prompted thought and emotion; to come to terms with themselves and with one another; to know where they were going and why.
Joe Schreiber, The Unholy Cause|Sophie was a walking truth serum. If she was touching bare skin, she could yank the truth out of you like a loose tooth. I’d spent several unpleasant hours in her company during the Council’s screening process for humans who planned to work with vampires. That’s when I learned that you don’t refer to Buffy, the Winchesters, or even the Frog Brothers from The Lost Boys in front of Council officials. They do not have a sense of humor about that sort of entertainment.
Stuart Stevens, The Last Season|What mattered to me most when I was batting was feeling comfortable. As long as I felt comfortable, it didn't matter where I was playing or who I was playing against. If you make technical adjustments to cope with different conditions, there's a risk of making yourself feel uncomfortable and of thinking too much about your technique. I've always felt that I've batted best when my mind has been at the bowler's end of pitch, not at my end. There's no time to think about both ends at the same time. So in general it always seemed to me that If I was comfortable with my gear, it would allow my mind to be at the opposite end and I had a better chance of playing well.
Jeanette Winterson, Written on the Body|Explore me,' you said and I collected my ropes, flasks and maps, expecting to be back home soon. I dropped into the mass of you and I cannot find the way out. Sometimes I think I’m free, coughed up like Jonah from the whale, but then I turn a corner and recognise myself again. Myself in your skin, myself lodged in your bones, myself floating in the cavities that decorate every surgeon’s wall. That is how I know you. You are what I know.
Dani Harper, Storm Warrior|Romans and fairies and death dogs, oh my.
Jean-Henri Fabre, The Life and Love of the Insect|Permanence of instinct must go with permanence of form...The history of the present must teach us the history of the past.[Referring to studying fossil remains of the weevil, largely unchanged to the present day.]
Ayushee Ghoshal|What no one ever told me was that sometimes ‘time’ only adds layers to the wounds and if you scratch off the dust years later, you will still find him in your blood and flesh, residing in a vacant house that you thought had no tenants. Time. They never said that time only teaches us regrets.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne's House of Dreams|Changes come all the time. Just as soon as things get really nice they change,' she said with a sigh.
Neil Jordan|I'm not broken,' he repeated. 'Although at the moment . . . ' This was what came of violating the sentimentality quota. Everything he kept bottled inside him came out. He shut his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose. 'At the moment,' he muttered numbly, 'I may be coming a bit unraveled.
Avijeet Das|Bianca?”Startled, I focused on Toby again. “Hmm?”“Are you all right?” he asked.My fingers had been toying with the little B charm around my neck without my realizing it. Immediately I dropped my hand to my side. “I’m fine.”“Casey warned me that you’re probably lying when you say that,” he said.I gritted my teeth and searched the dance floor for my so-called friend. She was being added to my hit list.“And I think she’s right,” Toby sighed.“What?”“Bianca, I can see what’s going on.” He glanced over his shoulder at Wesley before turning back to me with a little nod. “He’s been staring at you since he got here.”“Has he?”“I can see him in the mirrors over there. And you’ve been staring back,” Toby said. “It’s not just tonight either. I’ve seen the way he looks at you during school. In the hallways. He likes you, doesn’t he?”“I… I don’t know. I guess.” Oh God, this was uncomfortable. I just kept spinning my straw between my fingers and watching the little waves that appeared on the surface of my drink. I couldn’t meet Toby’s gaze.“I don’t have to guess,” he said. “It’s pretty obvious. And the way you look at him makes me think you’re in love with him, too.”“No!” I cried, releasing my straw and glaring up at Toby. “No, no, no. I am not in love with him, okay?”Toby gave me a small smile and said, “But you do have feelings for him.”I couldn’t see any sign of pain in his eyes, just a touch of amusement. That made it a lot easier to give him an answer. “Um,… yeah.”“Then go to him.”I rolled my eyes without meaning to. It was just so automatic. “Jesus, Toby,” I said, “that sounds like a line out of a bad movie.”Toby shrugged. “Maybe, but I’m serious, Bianca. If you feel that way about him, you should go over there.
Albert Camus, The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays|If I convince myself that this life has no other aspect than that of the absurd, if I feel that its whole equilibrium depends on that perpetual opposition between my conscious revolt and the darkness in which it struggles, if I admit that my freedom has no meaning except in relation to its limited fate, then I must say that what counts is not the best living but the most living.
Philip Pullman, The Good Man Jesus and the Scoundrel Christ|Lord, if I thought you were listening, I'd pray for this above all: that any church set up in your name should remain poor, and powerless, and modest. That it should wield no authority except that of love. That it should never cast anyone out. That it should own no property and make no laws. That it should not condemn, but only forgive. That it should be not like a palace with marble walls and polished floors, and guards standing at the door, but like a tree with its roots deep in the soil, that shelters every kind of bird and beast and gives blossom in the spring and shade in the hot sun and fruit in the season, and in time gives up its good sound wood for the carpenter; but that sheds many thousands of seeds so that new trees can grow in its place. Does the tree say to the sparrow, 'Get out, you don't belong here?' Does the tree say to the hungry man, 'This fruit is not for you?' Does the tree test the loyalty of the beasts before it allows them into the shade?
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|I have often noticed that these things, which obsess me, neither bother nor impress other people even slightly. I am horribly apt to approach some innocent at a gathering, and like the ancient mariner, fix him with a wild, glitt’ring eye and say, “Do you know that in the head of the caterpillar of the ordinary goat moth there are two hundred twenty-eight separate muscles?” The poor wretch flees. I am not making chatter; I mean to change his life.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The Art of Power|When you dig a well, there's no sign of water until you reach it, only rocks and dirt to move out of the way. You have removed enough; soon the pure water will flow," said Buddha.
Stanislav Andreski, Social Sciences as Sorcery|I don't think I could ever live with either a man or a woman for a long time. Male and female are attractive to my mind, but when it comes to the sexual act I am afraid. In every situation I need a lot of stimulation before I am conquered by the forces of passion and lust. But confusion, before and after, is the dominant factor.I dreamed many times about a mature man with experience who would have the vigour of a boy but an adult's polished methods. Strangely enough, I also dreamed about women of my mother's age who were ideal lovers. These dreams came superimposed on one another. Sometimes the masculine element was dominant, sometimes the feminine one. At other times I wasn't sure. I saw a female body with male organs or a male body with female ones. These pictures, blended together in my mind, occasionally brought pleasure but more often pain.
Ken Poirot|At that darkest moment, while drowning in the Abyss of Emotional Bankruptcy, reflect on this universal truth: the difference between success and failure is one more time.
John Scalzi, Old Man's War|Some people are born to fandom, others have fandom thrust upon them.
Thomas Love Peacock, Headlong Hall|A mere wilderness, as you see, even now in December; but in summer a complete nursery of briers, a forest of thistles, a plantation of nettles, without any live stock but goats, that have eaten up all the bark of the trees. Here you see is the pedestal of a statue, with only half a leg and four toes remaining: there were many here once. When I was a boy, I used to sit every day on the shoulders of Hercules: what became of him I have never been able to ascertain. Neptune has been lying these seven years in the dust-hole; Atlas had his head knocked off to fit him for propping a shed; and only the day before yesterday we fished Bacchus out of the horse-pond.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Every one at some point felt discouraged, it was our faithful companions, who lifted our spirit to find hope again.
Charli XCX|I do appreciate the '80s as an era, the general sounds and aesthetics of the era. The Cure, that whole kind of image is really kind of amazing, I think. The power ballads and how everything sparkles and words are really dramatic. Huge drums, things like that. I do really find it inspiring.
Honoré de Balzac|We hurt people, when we give ourselves more value than others.
Blake Crouch, Dark Matter|We leave this life the same way that we enter it, totally alone, bereft.
Lorrie Moore, Who Will Run the Frog Hospital?|It was a sign of growing up, when the dark made no more difference to you than the day.
Ilchi Lee, The Call of Sedona: Journey of the Heart|Out ahead of them, Arkady began something very like a marching song, chanting lines answered by the other ferals, their voices ringing out across the sky, each to each. Temeraire added his own to the chorus, and little Iskierka began to scrabble at his neck, demanding, "What are they saying? What does it mean?""We are flying home," Temeraire said, translating. "We are all flying home.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Retribution|She's not my type,' Carter says.'So what is your type?''Tall, skinny, black hair, blue eyes, freckly nose. Blue tinsel wig and snowflakes optional.''Skinny?' I squeal.'Definitely. Pretending to be shy, sensible and stand-offish when really you're mad about me.''You sure about that?''No, but I'm hoping.
Beryl Markham, West with the Night|We fly, but we have not 'conquered' the air. Nature presides in all her dignity, permitting us the study and the use of such of her forces as we may understand. It is when we presume to intimacy, having been granted only tolerance, that the harsh stick fall across our impudent knuckles and we rub the pain, staring upward, startled by our ignorance.
Navnath Godse|...Come home, Bod.' ‘I think . . . I said things to Silas. He’ll be angry.’ ‘If he didn’t care about you, you couldn’t upset him,’ was all she said.
Keary Taylor, What I Didn't Say|Once you start down the slippery slope of depression, it's hard to climb off of it. And sometimes you don't want to climb off of it.
Kerstin Gier|We still kissed frequently, usually a cluster of small pecks. An acronym for our early deep kisses. Which in a way was more intimate because only we knew what it stood for.
Ted Chiang, Stories of Your Life and Others|Dad takes a step back, one hand still on my shoulder, and reaches into his pocket. He draws out a little blue capsule, and I feel every molecule in my body screaming to run. Dad must catch the panic in my eyes - he squeezes my shoulder and holds out the capsule. "Cas, it's fine. It's going to be fine. This is just in case."Just in case. Just in case the worst happens. The ship falls. Durga fails, I fail, and the knowledge I carry as a Reckoner trainer must be disposed of. That information can't fall into the wrong hands, into the hands of people who will do anything to take down our beasts. So this little capsule holds the pill that will kill me if it comes to that. "It's waterproof," Dad continues, pressing it into my hand. "The pocket on the collar of your wetsuit, keep it there. It has to stay with you at all times." It won't happen on this voyage. It's such a basic mission, gift-wrapped to be easy enough for me to handle on my own. But even holding the pill fills me with revulsion. On all my training voyages, I've never had to carry one of these capsules. That burden only goes to full-time trainers. "Cas." Dad tilts my chin up, ripping my gaze from the pull. "You were born to do this. I promise you, you'll forget you even have it." I suppose he ought to know - he's been carrying one for two decades.It's just a right of passage, I tell myself, and throw my arms around his neck once more.
|You could place blames on everyone and everything out there for the lack of happiness in your life, but always bear in mind that only you could mentally deprive yourself from living a happy life.
Mario Puzo|At that moment Sonny noticed that the other car had not kept going but had parked a few feet ahead, still blocking his way. At that same moment his lateral vision caught sight of another man in the darkened tollbooth to his right. But he did not have time to think about that because two men came out of the car parked in front and walked toward him. The toll collector still had not appeared. And then in the fraction of a second before anything actually happened, Santino Corleone he knew he was a dead man. And in that moment his mind was lucid, drained of all violence, as if the hidden fear finally real and present had purified him.
Masood Azam|If it doesn't sound insane, I would only talk about you and the only word which would come out of my mouth, will be your name.
Terry Pratchett, Diggers|I am a pioneer now, looking onto a promised land.
Keith A. Mathison, Postmillennialism|Would you marry you? Be the right person before seeking the right person. Solomon's bride is carefully chosen for the good of his family, for the good of his kingdom.pg 9
Dr. Lucas D. Shallua|Reality is based mainly on knowledge, what you do not know doesn't exit for you.
David Eagleman, Incognito: The Secret Lives of the Brain|Imagine for a moment that we are nothing but the product of billions of years of molecules coming together and ratcheting up through natural selection, that we are composed only of highways of fluids and chemicals sliding along roadways within billions of dancing cells, that trillions of synaptic conversations hum in parallel, that this vast egglike fabric of micron-thin circuitry runs algorithms undreamt of in modern science, and that these neural programs give rise to our decision making, loves, desires, fears, and aspirations. To me, that understanding would be a numinous experience, better than anything ever proposed in anyone's holy text.
E.M. Forster, Howards End|As for her hair, or rather hairs, they are too complicated to describe, but one system went down her back, lying in a thick pad there, while another, created for a lighter destiny, rippled around her forehead.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|Too much war, hatred and fear in the world.Desperately needed: More art, love and poetry.
Coco J. Ginger|She stabbed him with her wicked pretty knife, disrupted his simple life.She's a player, a heartbreaker,and now she breaks alone.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|May we all storm the gates of heaven for the souls of the anguished, that in their greatest time of need they will hear the gentle voice of God’s Spirit calling them to repentance.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, The Illusion of "Truth": The Real Jesus Behind the Grand Myth|Understanding points Jesus presented to his peers requires exploring how Jews, local Greeks, Romans and other ethnic mixes inhabiting the region perceived reality. Without a clear recognition of the common ancient mindset, regard for precepts presented in the Gospels and Christian tradition becomes distorted by a default – yet highly flawed – impression that people back then thought and acted like people today
Debra Ollivier, What French Women Know  About Love, Sex and Other Matters of the Heart and Mind|And in most queer communities, regardless of one's sex or identity, people who are more masculine in gender expression are almost always viewed as more valid and attractive than their feminine counterparts.
John Waters, Role Models|I'm always amazed at friends who say they try to read at night in bed but always end up falling asleep. I have the opposite problem. If a book is good I can't go to sleep, and stay up way past my bedtime, hooked on the writing. Is anything better than waking up after a late-night read and diving right back into the plot before you even get out of bed to brush your teeth?
Steven Magee|Unfortunately, the board of directors that the middle managers report to generally make them aggressive. Imagine being hired into a company and then being told that you have to ignore the emerging health and safety issues (This is illegal!) and not inform the workers that the system is known to be dangerous (This is illegal!). You have two options: To go to jail for illegal activities sometime in the future, or to lose your job now and have all your USA workplace rights removed for recognizing the illegal activities that your Directors want you to engage in. Welcome to the corporate America management team!
Sophie Hannah, The Dead Lie Down|My sister don't talk much. When she does, it's only to me, in moth-winged whispers, and only when we're alone.
Mortimer J. Adler and Charles Van Doren|Paradoxically, however, a story ceases to be like life on its last page. Life goes on, but the story does not. Its characters have no vitality outside the first page and after the last is only good as the next reader's.
John Hoeven|Every single immigrant we have, undocumented or documented, is a future American. That's just the truth of it.
Rachel Corrie, My Name is Rachel Corrie|The UN lacked the ability to act without the support of its more powerful members, notably the United States. The American government wanted to avoid a repetition of its unsuccessful intervention in Somalia, in which thirty American troops were killed. President Clinton issued a directive on UN military conditions. The operations would also have to be directly relevant to American interests. These conditions excluded American support for UN intervention to stop the genocide [in Rwanda].
Ewan McGregor|Blackness is a state of mind, and I identify with the black community. Mainly, because I realized, early on, when I walk into a room, people see a black woman, they don't see a white woman. So out of that reason alone, I identify more with the black community.
James Redfield, The Celestine Prophecy|I don’t care how intelligent or attractive someone is, if he zaps your energy, he isn’t for you. True chemistry is more than intellectual compatibility. Beyond surfaces, you must be intuitively at ease.
Henri J.M. Nouwen|Let us not underestimate how hard it is to be compassionate. Compassion is hard because it requires the inner disposition to go with others to the place whey are weak, vulnerable, lonely, and broken. But this is not our spontaneous response to suffering. What we desire most is to do away with suffering by fleeing from it or finding a quick cure for it. As busy, active, relevant ministers, we want to earn our bread by making a real contribution. This means first and foremost doing something to show that our presence makes a difference. And so we ignore our greatest gift, which is our ability to enter into solidarity with those who suffer.
Mehmet Murat ildan|In the middle of the North Pole, anything hot gives the feeling like touching the hand of the God!
Tony Judt|I have to tell you, I'm a great teacher. Ask anybody who worked for me, except some secretaries who weren't very good.
Bill Hicks|Today a young man on acid realized that all matter is merely energy condensed to a slow vibration, that we are all one consciousness experiencing itself subjectively, there is no such thing as death, life is only a dream, and we are the imagination of ourselves. Heres Tom with the Weather.
Meg Howrey, The Cranes Dance|The Daughter was weary at her spinning, and reflected aloud, "What if we really could spin coarse straw into fine, pure strands of gold?""If you could accomplish that miracle," her mother admonished, "the responsibility it would entail would tax and exhaust you — mind and body — far beyond the demands of the quotidian tasks you have been given. How blessed it is to live a human, limited life.
John Galsworthy, Five Speeches to P.E.N. Clubs and a Letter|Dreaming is the poetry of Life, and we must be forgiven if we indulge in it a little.
Lisa Cron, Wired for Story: The Writer's Guide to Using Brain Science to Hook Readers from the Very First Sentence|He. Does there have to be a he? It seems weak and unoriginal doesn’t it, for stories told by girls to always have a he?
Seth Gabel|I've always enjoyed the teen angst thing. I had a lot of teen angst as I was growing up, so I think I have a lot to say about it through characters before I have to move on.
Sophia Amoruso, #GIRLBOSS|could act like a CEO or I could really be a CEO, which means doing whatever I need to do (including asking obvious questions) to make the best decision for my company. No matter where you are in life, you’ll save a lot of time by not worrying too much about what other people think about you.
Amy  Stewart, The Earth Moved: On the Remarkable Achievements of Earthworms|Stalin’s teachings about gradual, concealed, unnoticeable quantitative changes leading to rapid, radical, qualitative changes permitted Soviet biologists to discover in plants the realization of such qualitative transitions that one species could be transformed into another’… The slide away from truth-directed science had disastrous results in agriculture. It was also humanly disastrous. Biologists who disagreed were shot or imprisoned.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|I'm not going to lie to you and say it gets easier, because it doesn't. It's just that you get used to it. The human animal has an amazing capacity to get used to almost anything.
Holly Hood, Black Moon|He didn’t want to admit that his daughter was something more now. I raised my hand guiding one of Nona’s lawn ornaments across the lawn. Making it dance.“Hope,” Dad warned from inside.I dropped it on the lawn. “Such a party pooper.
P.D. James, The Children of Men|I don't want anyone to look to me, not for protection, not for happiness, not for love, not for anything.
P. J. O'Rourke|My friend is a former race car driver, so he races for Mercedes, and I root for him. I have a car that I love to race, I'll take it to the track.
Angela Carter|It is a characteristic of human beings that if they haven’t got a family of their own, they will invent one.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Crawl in faith, and you will end up walking.Walk in faith, and you will end up jogging.Jog in faith, and you will end up running.Run in faith, and you will end up sprinting.Sprint in faith, and you will end up soaring.
Orrin Woodward|Cry no tears for us, my friend.” I pry at her fingers, panicking to be released in fear that she may drag me into death with her. She croaks again, “Lend no aches to the dreams of yesterday.” From the corpse of Warren, his greyish gums smack from whatever goo has settled in his mouth, “Allow the tide sweep free the bay.” Then together they sing in zombie choir, “And home the ships sailing send.
Candice Raquel Lee, The Innocent: A Myth|In time, she eased into sleep, and her head rested against the plane of his shoulder. He held her and wondered that such a simple intimacy between a man and woman could mean so much.
Lawren Leo, Love's Shadow: Nine Crooked Paths|The nights now are full of wind and destruction; the trees plunge and bend and their leaves fly helter skelter until the lawn is plastered with them and they lie packed in gutters and choke rain pipes and scatter damp paths. Also the sea tosses itself and breaks itself, and should any sleeper fancying that he might find on the beach an answer to his doubts, a sharer of his solitude, throw off his bedclothes and go down by himself to walk on the sand, no image with semblance of serving and divine promptitude comes readily to hand bringing the night to order and making the world reflect the compass of the soul. The hand dwindles in his hand; the voice bellows in his ear. Almost it would appear that it is useless in such confusion to ask the night those questions as to what, and why, and wherefore, which tempt the sleeper from his bed to seek an answer.
Ephesians 3 2021 NIV|An especially powerful type of historical evidence [for the Bible and Christianity] is that of fulfilled prophecy - historical events written down long before they actually happen. Hundreds of prophecies in the Bible have been remarkably fulfilled exactly as fortold but often hundreds of years later. This type of evidence is unique to the Bible and can be explained only by divine inspiration. God, the Creator of time, is outside of time. He is the One who controls the future and, therefore, is the only One who knows the future."Bible prophecies are not vague and rambling, such as those of Nostradamus and other supposed extrabiblical prophets. Prophecies in the Bible deal with specific places, people, and events, and their fulfillments can be checked by reference to subsequent history.
Charles Bass|It was at this moment that I wrote my first important paper in theoretical physics. I was 32 years old, 5 years beyond the alleged age of senility for theorists.
John Muir, My First Summer in the Sierra|A few minutes ago every tree was excited, bowing to the roaring storm, waving, swirling, tossing their branches in glorious enthusiasm like worship. But though to the outer ear these trees are now silent, their songs never cease.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Kill the fears before they endorse your failures. When you attempt to stop the terrorist at the time he's at work, you are too late!
Jonathan Martin, Prototype: What Happens When You Discover You're More Like Jesus Than You Think?|I follow Jesus not because I don't have any doubts. I follow Jesus because in my doubt, He has always been tender with me.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Half of a Yellow Sun|Freedom isn't a static point. It's spectrum from absolute to none at all, and is usually inversely proportional to safety.
Erin Kouvas|Travel opens us up, exposes us to new people and places. New thoughts, new ways of being and a larger feeling of connection. And, the best part is, that it makes us appreciate our home that much more.
BlackStar103|You can't fight mental health bias if you label people based on a lists of symptoms and you have no medical degree to diagnose people. We all have crazy running through our blood and so many things trigger that. We all struggle with our anxiety and twisted issues. Defamation of character is not kind, nor Christlike. Because when you label people with self righteous vindication you open the door to the very idea that self righteousness is itself a disorder that we should all be afraid of. This doorway when left open too long gets people to pull away from Christ, not run to him.
Antoine de Saint-Exupery|How we love to blame others for our misfortunes! Almost every individual who has lost money in stock speculation has on the tip of his tongue an explanation which he trots out to show that it wasn't his own fault at all.... Hardly one loser has the manliness to say frankly  "I was wrong."
Latika Teotia|Celebrate your achievements and victories without waiting for recognition from others; after all it’s your efforts which brought that accomplishment. A flower blooms in the desert with nary a person to appreciate its beauty, yet it blossoms, spreads its fragrance and enjoys its existence. A dew drop caught on the leaf in an unexplored forest sparkles like a diamond; it doesn’t need spectators to appreciate its beauty. You shouldn’t be dependent on others to encourage you instead be your own cheer leader… Love yourself to bits.
Sandeep N. Tripathi|I speak here of poetry as a revelatory distillation of experience, not the sterile word play that, too often, the white fathers distorted the word poetry to mean--in order to cover a desperate wish for imagination without insight.For women, then, poetry is not a luxury. It is a vital necessity of our existence. It forms the quality of the light within which we predicate our hopes and dreams toward survival and change, first made into language, then into idea, then into more tangible action. Poetry is the way we help give name to the nameless so it can be thought. The farthest horizons of our hopes and fears are cobbled by our poems, carved from the rock experiences of our daily lives.
Lynda Barry|It was in the early 1960s that my late revered teacher, Professor Abraham Joshua Heschel, became the first major Jewish theologian in America to enter into dialogue with Christian theologians on a high theological level.
Alanis Morissette|My faith helps me understand that circumstances don't dictate my happiness, my inner peace.
Asa Don Brown|Children who experience abuse also learn to deny pain and chaos or accept them as normal and proper. They learn that their feelings were wrong or didn't matter. They learn to focus on immediate survival - on not getting abused, and miss out on important developmental stages. As a result, they have problems developing their own identities.
Laisha Rosnau, Notes on Leaving|And, as always, I thank my family who are an amazing network of support.
Nick Carter|The future of humanity is going to bifurcate in two directions: Either it's going to become multiplanetary, or it's going to remain confined to one planet and eventually there's going to be an extinction event.
Cassandra Giovanni, Love Exactly|Heaven is freakin' not ready for me!" - seven-time cancer survivor Dionne Warner in Never Leave Your Wingman
L.K. Samuels, In Defense of Chaos|From this failure to expunge the microeconomic foundations of neoclassical economics from post-Great Depression theory arose the "microfoundations of macroeconomics" debate, which ultimately led to a model in which the economy is viewed as a single utility-maximizing individual blessed with perfect knowledge of the future.Fortunately, behavioral economics provides the beginnings of an alternative vision of how individuals operate in a market environment, while multi-agent modelling and network theory give us foundations for understanding group dynamics in a complex society. These approaches explicitly emphasize what neoclassical economics has evaded: that aggregation of heterogeneous individuals results in emergent properties of the group, which cannot be reduced to the behavior of any "representative individual." These approaches should replace neoclassical microeconomics completely.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|Fundamentalism wears many masks, but always claims a monopoly on the Truth. Many people buy into fundamentalism in much the same way people buy cola to quench their thirst. There are elements of truth in fundamentalist thinking, just as water is an ingredient in cola. But just as the water loses much of its value when artificial flavors and colors are added, Truth loses itsvalue when guilt, shame, and rigid dogma are present. Fundamentalism is to the soul what artificial sweetener is to the body.
H.G. Wells|This day I ceased to plead. I was no longer capable of lamentation. On the contrary, I felt very strong. I was the accuser, God the accused.
Deborah Wilde, The Unlikeable Demon Hunter|What better way to lose that hangover headache than get drunk again? Oh, the joys of being Canadian with socialized health care and legal drinking age of nineteen. After a year (officially) honing that skill, I imbibed at an Olympic level. The red wine on the modular coffee table gleamed in a shaft of sunlight like its position had been ordained by the gods. I snatched up the crystal decanter, sloshing the liquid into the glass conveniently placed next to it. Once in a while, a girl could actually catch a break. I fanned myself with one hand. The myriad of lit candles seemed a bit much for Ari’s romantic encounter, but wine drinking trumped curiosity so I chugged the booze back. My entire body cheered as the cloyingly-sweet alcohol hit my system, though I hoped it wasn’t Manischewitz because hangovers on that were a bitch. I’d slugged back half the contents when I saw my mom on the far side of the room clutch her throat, eyes wide with horror. Not her usual, “you need an intervention” horror. No, her expression indicated I’d reached a whole new level of fuck-up. “Nava Liron Katz,” she gasped in full name outrage.
Amit Ray|You are the ocean, let the rivers come to you. You are the flower, let the bees come to you.
Montesquieu, The Spirit of the Laws|Democratic and aristocratic states are not in their own nature free. Political liberty is to be found only in moderate governments; and even in these it is not always found. It is there only when there is no abuse of power. But constant experience shows us that every man invested with power is apt to abuse it, and to carry his authority as far as it will go.
Kimberly Kinrade, Forbidden Life|You know you found the right one when you stop looking for "more.
Ayelet Waldman, Red Hook Road|That was true, Iris would sometimes think, about marriage: it was only a boat, too. A wooden boat, difficult to build, even more difficult to maintain, whose beauty derived at least in part from its unlikelihood. Long ago the pragmatic justifications for both marriage and wooden-boat building had been lost or superseded. Why invest countless hours, years, and dollars in planing and carving, gluing and fastening, caulking and fairing, when a fiberglass boat can be had at a fraction of the cost? Why struggle to maintain love and commitment over decades when there were far easier ways to live, ones that required no effort or attention to prevent corrosion and rot? Why continue to pour your heart into these obsolete arts? Because their beauty, the way they connect you to your history and to the living world, justifies your efforts. A long marriage, like a classic wooden boat, could be a thing of grace, but only if great effort was devoted to its maintenance. At first your notions of your life with another were no more substantial than a pattern laid down in plywood. Then year by year you constructed the frame around the form, and began layering memories, griefs, and small triumphs like strips of veneer planking bent around the hull of everyday routine. You sanded down the rough edges, patched the misunderstandings, faired the petty betrayals. Sometimes you sprung a leak. You fell apart in rough weather or were smashed on devouring rocks. But then, as now, in the teeth of a storm, when it seemed like all was lost, the timber swelled, the leak sealed up, and you found that your craft was, after all, sea-kindly.
Nora Roberts, Angels Fall|Happily ever after?" "If justice doesn't triumph and love doesn't make the circle in entertainment fiction, what's the point? Real life sucks too often.
Pedro Okoro, Crushing the Devil: Your Guide to Spiritual Warfare and Victory in Christ|There can be no substitute for a personal study of the Word of God! Daily devotionals, Bible commentaries, and recorded messages by anointed preachers and teachers are wonderful and useful. However, they cannot take the place of the Word of God. They must not replace a time of personal study of the Word. Every Christian individual must study and meditate upon the Word for him or herself. Nobody can do that for anyone else.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Dagny leaned back in her chair. The short sentence was a shock. It was not merely relief: it was the sudden realization that nothing else was necessary to guarantee that it would be done; she needed no proofs, no questions, no explanations; a complex problem could rest safely on three syllables pronounced by a man who knew what he was saying.
St. Clare of Assisi|Our labor here is brief, but the reward is eternal. Do not be disturbed by the clamor of the world, which passes like a shadow. Do not let false delights of a deceptive world deceive you.
Virginia Woolf, The Second Common Reader|Some reviews give pain. This is regrettable, but no author has the right to whine. He was not obliged to be an author. He invited publicity, and he must take the publicity that comes along.
Barbara Ehrenreich, Living with a Wild God: A Nonbeliever's Search for the Truth about Everything|...if life never changed, there would be no room for good things that are still to happen.
Robert H. Schuller|There is no better than adversity. Every defeat, every heartbreak, every loss, contains its own seed, its own lesson on how to improve your performance the next time.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|A pair of workman’s brogans encased my feet, and for trousers I was furnished with a pair of pale blue, washed-out overalls, one leg of which was fully ten inches shorter than the other. The abbreviated leg looked as though the devil had there clutched for the Cockney’s soul and missed the shadow for the substance.
Craig Sager|Through faith in the Lord Jesus alone can we obtain forgiveness of our sins, and be at peace with God; but, believing in Jesus, we become, through this very faith, the children of God; have God as our Father, and may come to Him for all the temporal and spiritual blessings which we need.
Harvey Milk|If Harvey had not been taken from us 30 years ago, I think he would want me to say to all the gay and lesbian kids out there tonight who have been told they are less than by the churches, by the government, by their families, that you are beautiful, wonderful creatures of value, and that no matter what anyone tells you, God does love you and that very soon, I promise you, you will have equal rights, federally, across this great nation of ours.
Ernst Levy|Mankind will begin to recover the moment we take art as seriously as physics, chemistry, or money.
Virchand Gandhi|India is not a nation, nor a country. It is a subcontinent of nationalities.
Robin Bielman, Once Upon a Royal Christmas|I’m in awe of you, Rowan Palotay,” he said softly. “And plan to make love to you for the rest of the night, but right now, I want you to be a good cowgirl and ride me.”	His finger hooked around the string of her panties, and he tugged them down and off. “The boots stay on.
Olivia Fuller, Something Wicked|When people say "it's always the last place you look". Of course it is. Why would you keep looking after you've found it?
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Cat's Cradle|In the beginning, God created the earth, and he looked upon it in His cosmic loneliness.And God said, "Let Us make living creatures out of mud, so the mud can see what We have done." And God created every living creature that now moveth, and one was man. Mud as man alone could speak. God leaned close to mud as man sat up, looked around, and spoke. Man blinked. "What is the purpose of all this?" he asked politely."Everything must have a purpose?" asked God."Certainly," said man."Then I leave it to you to think of one for all this," said God.And He went away.
Marty Rubin|Nobody can experience everything, so you need to borrowthe experience of others.
Debasish Mridha|Greatness never comes from having power, but it embraces you when you empower.
Debasish Mridha|We are part of nature. We are here to bloom like a flower- to ornate the earth with beauty, love, joy, happiness, and care.
Wendy Kopp|In the long run, we need to build a leadership force of people. We have a whole strategy around not only providing folks with the foundational experience during their two years with us, but also then accelerating their leadership in ways that is strategic for the broader education reform movement.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Earth, water, fire, and wind. Where there is energy there is life.
Mitch McConnell|To put a trillion dollars in context, if you spend a million dollars every day since Jesus was born, you still wouldn't have spent a trillion.
Dominic Riccitello|We were one, even in the darkest corner.
Malcolm Gladwell, David and Goliath: Underdogs, Misfits, and the Art of Battling Giants|The road to success has many paths. Do not become boggled down on what is out of your control, but be determined to push yourself to adapt to what is in your way so that you can get closer to your dreams. Be inspired in the face of adversity, gracious and humbled in the face of triumph, and fearless in the unknown.
Alain de Botton, The Architecture of Happiness|By developing a contaminated, stigmatized identity, the child victim takes the evil of the abuser into herself and thereby preserves her primary attachments to her parents. Because the inner sense of badness preserves a relationship, it is not readily given up even after the abuse has stopped; rather, it becomes a stable part of the child's personality structure.
Alexandra Iff, The Collar of Freedom|I saw you, I loved you, but now I miss you, and I still can't speak because I know you hate me.
Alan Bradley, A Red Herring Without Mustard|They seem nice, though, your sisters, really,' Porcelain remarked.'Ha!' I said. 'Shows what little you know! I hate them!''Hate them? I should have thought you'd love them.''Of course I love them,' I said.... 'That's why I'm so good at hating them.
Cassie Mae, Doing It for Love|We're going to be married and hardly touch each other and have to work and work and never have any fun and we're just going to be okay with it because that's how life is and that's how relationships go, but I don't want that. I want our marriage to be... fun. I love joking around while we fool around. I want to hold hands everywhere we go. I want to make out in the back of a movie theater, steal kisses in coffee shops, have sex over every inch of our apartment or house or wherever we live. And I'm scared marriage will change the fun part of our relationship. The part that keeps us young, keeps us in love, and I'm terrified you'll wake up when you're fifty and realize you're stuck with the decision you made when you were twenty-seven, and we haven't touched in months, we don't go out. I just want to know when that happens... that you'll still... you'll still love me.
Sri Chinmoy, The Wings of Joy: Finding Your Path to Inner Peace|Humility, the place of entire dependence on God, is the first duty and the highest virtue of the creature, and the root of every virtue. And so pride, or the loss of this humility, is the root of every sin and evil.
Melissa Aragon, Unexpectedly Out of Focus|Neither would you, had you grown up in a library of melodramatic romance novels.
Sherry Thomas, The Perilous Sea|Sometimes, when you're deep in the countryside, you meet three girls, walking along the hill tracks in the dusk, spinning. They each have a spindle, and on to these they are spinning their wool, milk-white, like the moonlight. In fact, it is the moonlight, the moon itself, which is why they don't carry a distaff. They're not Fates, or anything terrible; they don't affect the lives of men; all they have to do is to see that the world gets its hours of darkness, and they do this by spinning the moon down out of the sky. Night after night, you can see the moon getting less and less, the ball of light waning, while it grown on the spindles of the maidens. Then, at length, the moon is gone, and the world has darkness, and rest..... ...on the darkest night, the maidens take their spindles down to the sea, to wash their wool. And the wool slips from the spindles into the water, and unravels in long ripples of light from the shore to the horizon, and there is the moon again, rising above the sea....Only when all the wool is washed, and wound again into a white ball in the sky, can the moon-spinners start their work once more....
Robert A. Orsi, The Madonna of 115th Street: Faith and Community in Italian Harlem, 1880-1950|The claim "oh, that's ancient history" is almost always a wish, am anxious attempt to put a boundary of time around some event that really is not over at all; it is a bid to silence the past.
Roberto Bolaño, By Night in Chile|I am dying now, but I still have many things to say.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you are brave, you will open the book and read it.
Tim Kreider, We Learn Nothing|When it comes to the crusty behavior of some people, give them the benefit of the doubt. They may be drowning right before your eyes, but you can't see it. And you would never ask someone to drown with a smile on his face.
Scarlett Dawn, King Cave|To know a man’s secrets is to discover his weakness, and thus control his will
William J. Clinton|I can say without affectation that I belong to the Russian convict world no less than I do to Russian literature. I got my education there, and it will last forever.
Wilhelm Dilthey|Even scientific knowledge, if there is anything to it, is not a random observation of random objects; for the critical objectivity of significant knowledge is attained as a practice only philosophically in inner action.
Mitch Albom, The Magic Strings of Frankie Presto|One must indeed test the strings to this life, bounce the bow, wet the mouthpiece, prepare for the deeper music that follows.
Terry Pratchett, Jingo|It was so much easier to blame it on Them. It was bleakly depressing to think that They were Us. If it was Them, then nothing was anyone's fault. If it was us, what did that make Me? After all, I'm one of Us. I must be. I've certainly never thought of myself as one of Them. No one ever thinks of themselves as one of Them. We're always one of Us. It's Them that do the bad things.
Bryant A. Loney, To Hear The Ocean Sigh|By three in the afternoon, after one Bintang too many, I was absolutely smashed and feared that trying to stand may end badly.
Aileen Erin, Becoming Alpha|I dusted my books off, placing each one—sorted alphabetically and by genre—on the shelves Dad installed. What some people might call “anal,” I’d call efficient. What good was it to have a book if you couldn’t find it when you wanted it?
Kevin Mitnick|It would be a sign of society changing if we did finally legalize prostitution. Once it's legal, it doesn't mean your daughter's going to run out and be a ho. The more we sort of bring these things into the light, you bring these hidden vices into the light, the less power they have over our society. You make it legal, it tends to go away.
Bob Marley|If you are not too long, I will wait here for you all my life.
John Shelby Spong|The way you remember the past depends upon your hope for the future. And if what you see in your future has no hope, it has no potential, then you view the past that brought you to here as not very good.
Nancy E. Turner, These Is My Words: The Diary of Sarah Agnes Prine, 1881-1901|And he likes to torment me, and laughs when I get upset when he does. No, of course not. I do not love Jack Elliot. He is low and coarse and a soldier, and not the kind of man I want to spend my life with.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|The bigger the dream, the better the story.
Betty  Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|The library was a little old shabby place. Francie thought it was beautiful. The feeling she had about it was as good as the feeling she had about church. She pushed open the door and went in. She liked the combined smell of worn leather bindings, library past and freshly inked stamping pads better than she liked the smell of burning incense at high mass.
Harriet Tubman|When life brings you mountains, you don’t waste your time asking why; you spend your time climbing over them.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Getting started is the most difficult thing to do; once you file it out, they rest of the journey is as soft as the straw. Be a good beginner.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|If a man cannot serve two masters, neither can Christianity, or several thousand of them as the case may be.
Percy Bysshe Shelley, The Complete Poems|. . . every society that grows extensive lawns could produce all its food on the same area, using the same resources, and . . . world famine could be totally relieved if we devoted the same resources of lawn culture to food culture in poor areas. These facts are before us. Thus, we can look at lawns, like double garages and large guard dogs, [and Humvees and SUVs] as a badge of willful waste, conspicuous consumption, and lack of care for the earth or its people.Most lawns are purely cosmetic in function. Thus, affluent societies have, all unnoticed, developed an agriculture which produces a polluted waste product, in the presence of famine and erosion elsewhere, and the threat of water shortages at home.The lawn has become the curse of modern town landscapes as sugar cane is the curse of the lowland coastal tropics, and cattle the curse of the semi-arid and arid rangelands.It is past time to tax lawns (or any wasteful consumption), and to devote that tax to third world relief. I would suggest a tax of $5 per square metre for both public and private lawns, updated annually, until all but useful lawns are eliminated.
Charles Duhigg, The Power of Habit: Why We Do What We Do in Life and Business|Grit, which they defined as the tendency to work strenuously toward challenges, maintaining effort and interest over years despite failure, adversity, and plateaus in progress.
Elizabeth Jane Howard, Mr. Wrong|To God I speak Spanish, to women Italian, to men French, and to my horse - German.
Deyth Banger|Unfortunately, money make us happy - look around then say your opinion!
Jamie Farrell, Blissed|Closing my eyes, I breathe in the air around me.When I slowly re-enter the world, I look into the most intense brown eyes I've ever seen. My breathing catches. I can’t look away. Fuck, he's hot. I can literally feel my brain cells frying. Who's dumb as a rock now, Alexis?I feel completely frozen and can’t move. I don’t even think I want to. Blink, Richards, blink."-AlexisWhat happens to someone who has everything figured out and doesn't let anyone rattle her?To some love is exciting. To her, it's a nuisance.
Frank Rich|Acting in anger and hatred throughout my life, I frequently precipitated what I feared most, the loss of friendships and the need to rely upon the very people I'd abused.
Ljupka Cvetanova|Do not feel sorry for the bad luck of people, because behind everyone’s misery is their own stupidity and laziness.
Alejandro Jodorowsky|Surely there must be in a world of manifold beautiful things something among them for me. And always, while I am still young, there is that dim light, the Future. But it is indeed a dim, dim light, and ofttimes there's a treachery in it.
Charles Bukowski, Love Is a Dog from Hell|alone with everybody the flesh covers the bone and they put a mind in there and sometimes a soul,and the women break vases against the walls and them men drink too much and nobody finds the one but they keep looking crawling in and out of beds.flesh covers the bone and the flesh searches for more than flesh.there's no chance at all:we are all trapped by a singular fate.nobody ever finds the one.the city dumps fill the junkyards fill the mad houses fill the hospitals fill the graveyards fill nothing else fills.
Meryl Streep|I think the best role models for women are people who are fruitfully and confidently themselves, who bring light into the world.
Sara Sheridan, British Bulldog|He tasted of whisky and his skin was rough where he hadn’t shaved, but Mirabelle kissed him back.
Suzette R. Hinton|We know how to work hard. We know how to go for the goal. We know how to achieve, achieve, achieve but we don’t know how to enjoy the journey.
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|Sometimes you think you're helping someone up, but they're actually pulling you down. This is the painful dynamic of dealing with someone who is incurably selfish.
Alan Alda, Things I Overheard While Talking to Myself|So that's it. I've told you everything I know. Think clearly and think for yourself. Learn to use language to express those thoughts. Love somebody with all your heart. And with everyone, whether you love them or not, find out if you can be helpful. But really, it's even simpler than that. After all this time, and all these talks in public and in private, I think I get it now. If I were taking my friend Arnold's suggestion and spoke from my deathbed, I think I know what I'd say. I see now that I had my meaning all along, I just had to notice it. The meaning of life... is life. Not noticing life is what's meaningless, even down to the last second.
Anna Akana, Surviving Suicide|You can’t write, yet you learned to hunt, to survive. How?”I paused with my foot on the threshold. “That’s what happens when you’re responsible for lives other than your own, isn’t it? You do what you have to do.”He was still sitting on the table, still straddling that inner line between the here and now and wherever he’d had to go in his mind to endure the fight with the Bogge. I met his feral and glowing stare.“You aren’t what I expected—for a human.
Martin Luther King Jr.|But strength doesn’t always mean brute force. You don’t have to kick ass to be a fighter. Violence doesn’t equal strength. Lead your army by example. There’s a better answer to all this. War isn’t going to solve anything, but it will tear our two worlds apart, and there will be casualties, including humans. There’s nothing heroic about this war. It will lead to a destruction unlike anything you or I have ever seen
Dahlia Lithwick|No writer in our time has been more isolated than Kafka, and yet few have achieved communication as well as he did.
Amos Oz|My bisexuality is part of the expression of the flexibility, the changeability of my spirit that feels essential and precious to the center of my life. My bisexuality is a part of my desire to remain an outsider, to be able to "pass" into polarized worlds, to abandon expectation, to honor the mystery of being. My bisexuality is a celebration of the ever-opening flesh, the expansive, fluid mirror of social discourse.
Michael Mandelbaum|Your personality as the prime minister feeds through to what you emphasise, and what you don't, how you'll handle a situation - whether you've got the combination of intelligence or instincts to adapt and to make good decisions.
Richie Norton|Some people say they have 20 years experience, when in reality, they have 1 year's experience repeated 20 times. (Stephen M R Covey to Richie Norton when Norton asked if he was too young to train older executives for Covey.)
Eraldo Banovac|Don´t pay the price for your past, let your awesome future do this.
Shmuel Yosef Agnon|The less food, the more time to talk, the more to talk about.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|The flowers which played then among the grass, the water which rippled past in the sunshine, the whole landscape which served as environment to their apparition lingers around the memory of them still with its unconscious or unheeding air;...
Erin Hunter, A Dangerous Path|Oh, for heaven’s sake, Sirius, Dumbledore said no!”A bearlike black dog had appeared at Harry’s side as Harry clambered over the various trunks cluttering the hall to get to Mrs. Weasley.“Oh honestly,” said Mrs. Weasley despairingly. “Well, on your own head be it!”The great black dog gave a joyful bark and gamboled around them, snapping at pigeons, and chasing its own tail. Harry couldn’t help laughing. Sirius had been trapped inside for a very long time.
Dada Bhagwan|No one can bother the one who has not interfered in the slightest with anyone. If such a person were to go into a town of robbers, the robbers will welcome him with respect and offer him food. No matter how many diamonds he would have with him, the robbers would not be able to touch them. Otherwise they would rob even the one who is accompanied by ten policemen.
Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad|Never put your faith in a Prince. When you require a miracle, trust in a Witch.
Liza Lugo, How Do Hurricane Katrina's Winds Blow? Racism in 21st-Century New Orleans|What we are now witnessing in the 21st century is the fracture or complete breakdown of families, societies, and governments as a result of centuries of dehumanization that have taken a toll. More natural disasters (tsunamis, earthquakes, hurricanes, tornados, etc.) merely uncover the reality of the national disasters we have created by granting sanctuary to dehumanization via the law.
Peter Heller, The Dog Stars|They tell you the story of Job so often to remind you when you lose it all, stay calm. I've always refused it. I hated the story. It made no sense, and then I developed the belief that religion’s only purpose is to keep the poor from murdering the rich. And then I found the most dangerous folks are those who have nothing to lose, and I put it all together.
Geoffrey Hosking, The First Socialist Society: A History of the Soviet Union from Within|I hate vodka. It is the second worst thing to have come out of Russia, after communism - which isn't Russian anyway, Karl Marx was Russian.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When a person in your life continuously displays to you they do not care, there comes a point where you may want to start believing them.
Melissa Bank, The Girls' Guide to Hunting and Fishing|A hell, from which one can be saved by a quibble that would carry no weight with a police magistrate, cannot be taken very seriously.
Pearl Zhu, Digital Master|The environment is not an "other" to us. It is not a collection of things that we encounter. Rather, it is part of our being. It is the locus of our existence and identity. We cannot and do not exist apart from it. It is through empathic projection that we come to know our environment, understand how we are part of it and how it is part of us. This is the bodily mechanism by which we can participate in nature, not just as hikers or climbers or swimmers, but as part of nature itself, part of a larger, all-encompassing whole. A mindful embodied spirituality is thus an ecological spirituality. An embodied spirituality requires an aesthetic attitude to the world that is central to self-nurturance, to the nurturance of others, and to the nurturance of the world itself. Embodied spirituality requires an understanding that nature is not inanimate and less than human, but animated and more than human. It requires pleasure, joy in the bodily connection with earth and air, sea and sky, plants and animals - and the recognition that they are all more than human, more than any human beings could ever achieve. Embodied spirituality is more than spiritual experience. It is an ethical relationship to the physical world.
Isaac Bashevis Singer|God is merciful to all, as he has been to you; he is first a father, then a judge.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Because just for a few seconds, someone else hurts, too. For just a few seconds, I'm not alone.
Godspower Oparaugo, Wake Up|If you can survive and won the battle over other millions of semen deposited alongside with you in your mothers womb, tell me why you cannot win the battle over challenges, difficulties and poverty? Friend, I know you will succeed because; you'd once done it in the womb.
John Cleese, So, Anyway...|The creeping sense that he might have seen him reading the book came up from the ground, but that was more anxiety than evidence.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|He who moves not forward, goes backward.
Kate Atkinson, Life After Life|You want to tell a story? Grow a heart. Grow two. Now, with the second heart, smash the first one into bits. Gross, right? A bloody pulpy liquid mess. Look at it, try to make sense of it. Realize you can't. Because there is no sense. Ask your computer to print out a list of every lie you have ever told. Ask yourself how much of the universe you have ever really seen. Look in the mirror. Are you sure you're you? Are you sure you didn't slip out of yourself in the middle of the night, and someone else slipped into you, without you or you or any of you even noticing?
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Monogamous relationships can be based on fear: fear of losing my partner because he might fall in love with another woman, or fear that she may find a more secure man with a deeper purpose than my own to guide and protect her.“Nevertheless it also can be based on love where our commitment to open and be opened by one intimate partner becomes our way to express love for him or her, our children, friends, and ultimately the whole world and Source.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The only end to your pain is through fully consuming it and digesting it, otherwise it will consume you.
Jasz Gill|Self Love is a romance of its own kind. Remember self love does not imply being selfish and just thinking about your own happiness. I believe it is an idea which revolves around acceptance of yourself as you are so that you can accept others as they are. It is a principle of loving your own being so that you are full of love and positivity. It is about coming to peace with your own self and letting go of your past wounds, it is about healing. Self Love is about becoming a butterfly from a caterpillar. It is about personal development, it is about an evolution. Self Love is about seeing yourself through your own eyes.
Ron Baratono|Feel pity for those with insecurities that rest heavy on their shoulders. They'll take every opportunity to negativity judge others. They speak with a sadness in their voice searching for something, anything to make their life feel just a little bit better.
Jim Ramstad|When a species wants to tap the collective intelligence of a population, they don't take a poll; they don't take a vote. They form a real-time system.
Chuck Palahniuk|The American people want something terse, forcible, picturesque, striking - something that will arrest their attention, enlist their sympathy, arouse their indignation, stimulate their imagination, convince their reason, awaken their conscience.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|Oh, what can you do with a man like that? What can you do? How can you dissuade his eye in a crowd from seeking out the cheek with acne, the infirm hand; how can you teach him to respond to the inestimable greatness of the race, the harsh surface beauty of life; how can you put his finger for him on the obdurate truths before which fear and horror are powerless? The sea that morning was iridescent and dark. My wife and my sister were swimming--Diana and Helen--and I saw their uncovered heads, black and gold in the dark water. I saw them come out and I saw that they were naked, unshy, beautiful, and full of grace, and I watched the naked women walk out of the sea.
Aaron Siskind|The arts equally have distinct departments, and unless photography has its own possibilities of expression, separate from those of the other arts, it is merely a process, not an art.
Jacqueline Ripstein, The Art of Healing Art...the Keys to Power and Awareness: Black & White Printed Edition|In the School of Life events, situations, and the people you have attracted to be part of your personal experiences are synchronized perfectly in order to teach you the lessons that need to be learned. They show you exactly what is needed to be successful in your Life.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|I think she is growing up, and so begins to dream dreams, and have hopes and fears and fidgets, without knowing why or being able to explain them.
Stephen Richards|How often do the poor daydream of a better life? Plenty, no doubt, and where does it get them? It is the poor who begin with a daydream and realize at some point that they have to get up, roll their sleeves, and start doing something about those day dreams who succeed. And there are many who have.
Peter J. Tanous, The Secret of Fatima|Whatever was in that document had caused the death of the leader of the Catholic Church. Who'd be next? Calvi shuddered. His life's work was safe-guarding this document. Whatever its purpose or mystery, it was his solemn and sole mission to protect it. Even if it meant giving up his life for it.
Maynard James Keenan|There are two MFA programs here at the University of Texas, and I read on the jury of both of them. And it's amazing to me how many really talented young writers seem to fear humor.
John Cleese|Stars flicker above, points of bright ice in a dark river. I pull a heavy sheepskin around my legs and stretch my feet toward the fire. Despite the cold, Liam plays his flute, the sound whistling through the night. Soon my eyes are heavy, my head nodding.I open my eyes at the deep melodious baritone of Salvius’s voice telling a tale. Liam’s flute is silent now. I have heard Salvius tell many tales on market days; he is known for his memory of wandering minstrels and mummers who visit us at Whitsunday and through Midsummer. Salvius is a mockingbird: he can give a fair charade of the rhythmic tones of any wandering bard or any noble of the Royal Court.In this darkness, his eyes catch the light like a cat in the night.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: A Young Adult's Guide to a Meaningful Future|MY THESIS, in simplest terms, is: Let anyone do anything he pleases, so long as it is peaceful; the role of government, then, is to keep the peace...Keeping the peace means no more than prohibiting persons from unpeaceful actions...When government goes beyond this, that is, when government prohibits peaceful actions, such prohibitions themselves are, prima facie, unpeaceful.
G.K. Chesterton, A Chesterton calendar|The object of a New Year is not that we should have a new year. It is that we should have a new soul and a new nose; new feet, a new backbone, new ears, and new eyes. Unless a particular man made New Year resolutions, he would make no resolutions. Unless a man starts afresh about things, he will certainly do nothing effective.
Margaret Rome, Palace of the Hawk|Who knows, Watson? Woman's heart and mind are insoluble puzzles to the male.
Victor Hugo|I can still hear the screams. They wake me in the night. Terrible, gut wrenching, painful screams; screams that can only come from the deepest and darkest recesses of the mind. These were not screams of pain. These were screams of years of sorrow and despair. These were screams that made your skin crawl. These were the worst screams I have ever heard. I cannot get them out of my head. Perhaps, they will be with me forever. I shouldn't be so lucky.
Joss Whedon|I grew up in Queens, in New York City, in a middle class Jewish family. My mother was a public school teacher, my father was a lawyer. They were Democrats - kind of middle-of-the-road democrats.
Junot Diaz|For me, riding a two-wheeler bike was very risky. Counting the pedal strokes before turning a corner and learning to hear the sounds coming from buildings, grass and the climbing frame made all the difference to basic survival and ensured that I didn't end up head-first in the sandpit.
Post Malone|Halloween isn't the only time for ghosts and ghost stories. In Victorian Britain, spooky winter's tales were part of the Christmas season, often told after dinner, over port or coffee.
J.K. Rowling|Is 'fat' really the worst thing a human being can be? Is 'fat' worse than 'vindictive', 'jealous', 'shallow', 'vain', 'boring' or 'cruel'? Not to me.
Ashton Kutcher|My wife is the greatest person I have ever known. She is just a living doll; she is great person and a great mom. We have a girl and a boy, and we are going to have another boy.
Anthony Liccione|Should it happen, that your partner leaves you for someone else with more money. To where later you strike it richer than the person they left you for, and the ex finds out, after losing all and regretting. It was a blessing that it ended. Though money wasn't sufficient then, mostly they were rich with your love, now suffering being broke in both.
David  Walton, Superposition|I might be on the fence about this life, but I 'm not and will never be on the fence about you. I will fight for you.
Diane Keaton, Then Again|As he stared into the ocean, he must have tossed a lifetime of apologies into its silence. Maybe he thought the tide would wash his troubles away.
Hillel the Elder|I know, now, without a doubt that the true source of happiness, self-worth, and authentic beauty doesn't come from the outside. Women are constantly being persuaded to want something unachievable, to look younger or thinner and above all to fit in because being different is too painful and embarassing. I have accepted myself in a world that does not accept me, because I have learned [ . . . ] that our hearts matter most... It's a beautiful heart, not a perfect body, that leads to a beautiful life.
Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us|And sometimes when I feel that much emotion, something inside of me just snaps.
Edward Humes, No Matter How Loud I Shout: A Year in the Life of Juvenile Court|It's not like they can take anything from me,' he says later, back with his homeboys in Juvenile Hall. 'Ain't got nothing to give. Nothin' but time, that is. And I been doin' time my whole life, one way or the other.
Avina Celeste|If you dwell on the negatives, any life can be terrible, regardless of its circumstances.
Avijeet Das|And then in a moment of pure magic, our lips touch tenderly and sensitively!
Jonathan Friesen, Both of Me|Animals hold us to what is present: to who we are at the time, not who we’ve been or how are bank accounts describe us. What’s obvious to an animal is not the embellishment that fattens our emotional resumes but what’s bedrock and current in us: aggression, fear, insecurity, happiness, or equanimity. Because they have the ability to read our involuntary ticks and scents, we’re transparent to them and thus exposed—we’re finally ourselves.
Megan Abbott, Dare Me|Here's the thing about Hazel: Almost everyone is obsessed with leaving a mark upon the world. Bequeathing a legacy. Outlasting death. We all want to be remembered. I do, too. That's what bothers me most, is being another unremembered casualty in the ancient and inglorious war against disease.I want to leave a mark.But Van Houten: The marks humans leave are too often scars. You build a hideous minimall or start a coup or try to become a rock star and you think, "They'll remember me now," but (a) they don't remember you, and (b) all you leave behind are more scars. Your coup becomes a dictatorship. Your minimall becomes a lesion....We are like a bunch of dogs squirting on fire hydrants. We poison the groundwater with our toxic piss, marking everything MINE in a ridiculous attempt to survive our deaths. I can't stop pissing on fire hydrants. I know it's silly and useless--epically useless in my current state--but I am an animal like any other.Hazel is different. She walks lightly, old man. She walks lightly upon the earth. Hazel knows the truth: We're as likely to hurt the universe as we are to help it, and we're not likely to do either.People will say it's sad that she leaves a lesser scar, that fewer remember her, that she was loved deeply but not widely. But it's not sad, Van Houten. It's triumphant. It's heroic. Isn't that the real heroism? Like the doctors say: First, do no harm.The real heroes anyway aren't the people doing things; the real heroes are the people NOTICING things, paying attention. The guy who invented the smallpox vaccine didn't actually invent anything. He just noticed that people with cowpox didn't get smallpox....But then I wanted more time so we could fall in love. I got my wish, I suppose. I left my scar....What else? She is so beautiful. You don't get tired of looking at her. You never worry if she is smarter than you: You know she is. She is funny without ever being mean. I love her. I am so lucky to love her, Van Houten. You don't get to choose if you get hurt in this world, old man, but you do have some say in who hurts you. I like my choices. I hope she likes hers.
Clarice Lispector|at last he understood that he has always been forgiven and worthy of love,and that no one could take that from him, that not even he could take that from himself.
Margaret Atwood, Cat's Eye|This is what I miss, Cordelia: not something that’s gone, but something that will never happen. Two old women giggling over their tea.
Eniitan Akinola|Perfect' - the most misattributed word in English languageA 'perfect' thing can never be improved - at least by what the meaning implies. Why should anyone want to be perfect?Unfortunately, this happens to be my greatest flaw. Turning a relative idea into an absolute one. Seeking perfection in others - or should I say 'subconsciously seeking perfection in myself' and projecting a benchmark based in fantasy on others.Makes one come across as judgmental, intolerant, arrogant or impatient - in short, a platinum-class jerk. But you, my friend, are too kind to tell me. Or you'd rather bear for the moment and cuss me roundly when I'm gone. That's unfair to us both.If I have ever done this to you, I am sincerely sorry.Accept my profound apologies
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Isn’t it wonderful that our bodies can give us so much pleasure?” he said to her once, quite simply. They were happy and radiantly innocent. They were both incapable of the conception that joy is sin.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you think too much, you will worry too much; if you worry too much, you will fear too much; if you fear too much, you will dread too much; and if you dread too much, you will suffer too much.
Delano Johnson, Rare Images of Love|Poetry is more than just art, it’s like super glue to a broken heart. It can also be a light when your life seems a little dark.
Orison Swett Marden, Pushing To The Front|How I treat a brother or sister from day to day, how I react to the sin-scarred wino on the street, how I respond to interruptions from people I dislike, how I deal with normal people in their normal confusion on a normal day may be a better indication of my reverence for life than the antiabortion sticker on the bumper of my car.
Thomas   Moore|mnY reason of b"kup, but it hurts moRe when you don"t know evN a single-1. 
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|In God there is no hunger that needs to be filled, only plenteousness that desires to give.
Romain Rolland, Jean Christophe Vol I|But perhaps there are in us forces other than mind and heart, other even than the senses - mysterious forces which take hold of us in the moments when the others are asleep; and perhaps it was such forces that Melchior had found in the depths of those pale eyes which had looked at him so timidly one evening when he had accosted the girl on the bank of the river, and had sat down beside her in the reeds - without knowing why - and had given her his hand.
Sunday Adelaja|Direct your attention to people; love, help and care for them
Richard Diaz|Everybody listens to me with a focus on my words. This is a mistake. The words are the vehicle to deliver an idea. Always listen to the idea, it's more valid then any words that I can use.
Katie McGarry, Crash into You|I want to marry his smile, and if his smile is already married to someone else, then I want to marry his eyebrows and eyes. They're remarkable. Nobody's ever made better use of his or her eyes or eyebrows as a rapper than Kurtis Blow.
Anne Rice, The Vampire Lestat|Very few beings really seek knowledge in this world. Mortal or immortal, few really ask. On the contrary, they try to wring from the unknown the answers they have already shaped in their own minds -- justifications, confirmations, forms of consolation without which they can't go on. To really ask is to open the door to the whirlwind. The answer may annihilate the question and the questioner.
Maggie Georgiana Young|But penetration was a big deal. They protected their anuses the way girls protected their hymen in high school, believing that allowing anything beyond their holy gates would permanently corrupt them.
Brian Cox|Life, just like the stars, the planets and the galaxies, is just a temporary structure on the long road from order to disorder. But that doesn't make us insignificant, because we are the Cosmos made conscious. Life is the means by which the universe understands itself. And for me, our true significance lies in our ability to understand and explore this beautiful universe.
WISDOM KWASHIE MENSAH (WKM)|Your troubles, pressures, fears, and uncertainties will shoot you to greatness if only you trust in God.
Mensah Oteh|Decisions create success, and the quality of your decisions will determine the quality of your life.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|You can be good for the mere sake of goodness; you cannot be bad for the mere sake of badness. You can do a kind action when you are not feeling kind and when it gives you no pleasure, simply because kindness is right; but no one ever did a cruel action simply because cruelty is wrong - only because cruelty is pleasant or useful to him, In other words, badness cannot succeed even in being bad in the same way in which goodness is good. Goodness is, so to speak, itself: badness is only spoiled goodness. And there must be something good first before it can be spoiled.
Sara Sheridan|Human beings remember "firsts"- the first time something happens, or the begining of an experience- and we tend to remember "lasts" as well. So when you are about to make a critical/negative delivery , start your criticism with a positive begining, it will affect the rest of the experience. Start by giving them solid ground to stand by expressing the fact that you value them and they matter. Once they are reassured of their own worth, people will accept your comments far more easily and they'll get less defensive.
Gift Gugu Mona|Some choices will either make you perish or prosper, choose properly.
Dew Platt|The Scientific Method is a wonderful tool as long as you don't care which way the outcome turns; however, this process fails the second one's perception interferes with the interpretation of data. This is why I don’t take anything in life as an absolute…even if someone can “prove” it “scientifically.
Mark  Rice, Metallic Dreams|Things began to go wrong when I was seventeen. My band’s twenty-year-old lead guitarist earned seven years in jail for a drug-fuelled spree of violence. The other band members were quick to let go of their musical dreams, but I never did. They did the ‘mature’ thing: after writing off the band as a teenage fantasy, they got real jobs and made some money. They called it growing up. I called it giving up.
Tom Clancy, Executive Orders|The extraneous duties, in a sense, were the job.
Richard Foth, A Trip Around the Sun: Turning Your Everyday Life Into the Adventure of a Lifetime|The trail of life may be narrow and bumpy, could be crammed with deadly insects and venomous thorns, but it is built with ample number of doors everywhere for sure. Yet, access to most of them remains imperceptible till the one which remained open to us gets shut. But then, we would again be left stranded, bemused, staring at many new doors—this time, unable to decide which one to choose! And usually, we even refuse to knock any.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|Life is too short to chase perfection, yet too long to be satisfied with mediocrity.
Ryan Lilly, Write like no one is reading|The focus of gap analysis should be getting to the other side. If you bend-over to analyze a gap too long, you'll probably fall into it.
Dave Hickey, The Invisible Dragon: Essays on Beauty|Silence is the element in which great things fashion themselves together ... Speech is too often ... the act of quite stifling and suspending thought, so that there is none to conceal ... Speech is of Time, silence is of Eternity ... It is idle to think that, by means of words, any real communication can ever pass from one man to another ...
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Dear heart, we embrace the song and the story and all our gifts because the world has such great need, and because the world exceedingly rejoices, and because there is no sadder thing than to leave this world having never really shown up.
Constance Chuks Friday|Despise your weakness, not yourself.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|Like the zodiac sign?' Percy asked. 'I'm a Leo.''No, stupid,' Leo said, 'I'm a Leo. You're a Percy.
Leonie Swann, Three Bags Full|Cordelia loved his explanations. She loved knowing words that belonged to things she'd never seen, even to things you couldn't see at all. She remembered those words carefully. "Magic," George had said, "is something unnatural, something that doesn't really exist. If I snap my fingers and Othello suddenly turns white, that's magic. If I fetch a bucket of paint and paint him white, it isn't." He laughed, and for a moment it looked as if he felt like snapping his fingers or fetching that bucket. Then he went on, "Everything that looks like magic is really a trick. There's no such thing as magic." Cordelia grazed with relish. "Magic" was her favorite word - for something that didn't exist at all.
Pamela Meyer|It's very strange to go to cities like London and New York. People walk so quickly, they seem to be in a hurry all the time. And you don't say 'Hi' to everyone you meet, and you don't smile to everyone you meet, because there's just so many. Which is also very strange.
Jon Katz|I am no theologian, and do not have the answers to these questions, and one of the reasons I enjoy the animals on the farm so much is that they don't think about their pain, or question it, they accept it and endure it, true stoics. I have never heard a donkey or cow whine (although I guess dogs do). I told my friend this: pain, like joy, is a gift. It challenges us, tests, defines us, causes us to grow, empathize, and also, to appreciate its absence. If nothing else, it sharpens the experience of joy. The minute something happens to me that causes pain, I start wondering how I can respond to it, what I can learn from it, what it has taught me or shown me about myself. This doesn't make it hurt any less, but it puts it, for me, on a more manageable level. I don't know if there is a God, or if he causes me or anybody else to hurt, or if he could stop pain. I try to accept it and live beyond it. I think the animals have taught me that. The Problem of Pain is that it exists, and is ubiquitous. The Challenge of Pain is how we respond to it.
Ruth Frances Long, The Treachery of Beautiful Things|Beware a kiss, he told her. Kisses are powerful things. You expose part of your soul.
The Prophet of Life, What Faith Has Taught Me: Spiritual Insights|We ain't dependent on social media to reveal our faith and joy. It shows from inside out, for real.
Bryan Cranston, A Life in Parts|Perhaps that cruel girl was right? I should be a good girl, and my friend will be fine. I am too dramatic, always seeing the end in a flower blossom, the destruction in a raindrop. I must accept the things I cannot change.
Stephen King, It|If there are ten thousand medieval peasants who create vampires by believing them real, there may be one–probably a child–who will imagine the stake necessary to kill it. But a stake is only stupid wood; the mind is the mallet which drives it home.
Christine Zolendz|We are all sinners who have been saved by Grace. We have not been saved from sinning, but we have been redeemed despite it".~ R. Alan Woods [2012]
Rebecca Solnit, Wanderlust: A History of Walking|...I fear their false urgency, their call to speed, their insistence that travel is less important than arrival...
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|Time and sunshine healed a sore, but the process was slow, and new boils appeared if I didn't stay dry.
Paul Auster, The New York Trilogy|Our lives carry us along in ways we cannot control, and almost nothing stays with us. It dies when we do, and death is something that happens to us every day.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Christ’s church is a place to grow people up in the Lord, not to enhance our leisure time.
Ingvar Kamprad|Black leadership has to recognize that principles more than speech, character more than a claim, is greater in advancing the cause of our liberation than what has transpired thus far.
John Updike|I believe in the institution of marriage, and I intend to keep trying till I get it right.
Steven Johnson, How We Got to Now: Six Innovations That Made the Modern World|Pull approaches differ significantly from push approaches in terms of how they organize and manage resources. Push approaches are typified by "programs" - tightly scripted specifications of activities designed to be invoked by known parties in pre-determined contexts. Of course, we don't mean that all push approaches are software programs - we are using this as a broader metaphor to describe one way of organizing activities and resources. Think of thick process manuals in most enterprises or standardized curricula in most primary and secondary educational institutions, not to mention the programming of network television, and you will see that institutions heavily rely on programs of many types to deliver resources in pre-determined contexts.Pull approaches, in contrast, tend to be implemented on "platforms" designed to flexibly accommodate diverse providers and consumers of resources. These platforms are much more open-ended and designed to evolve based on the learning and changing needs of the participants. Once again, we do not mean to use platforms in the literal sense of a tangible foundation, but in a broader, metaphorical sense to describe frameworks for orchestrating a set of resources that can be configured quickly and easily to serve a broad range of needs. Think of Expedia's travel service or the emergency ward of a hospital and you will see the contrast with the hard-wired push programs.
Himanjali Singh|...at some indiscernible moment he sees all of us clearly — every face distinct, like immiscible droplets of water, all of us individuals constituting an interconnected sea of beings.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|A little here and a little there will always accumulate, so why be surprised when steady, small steps take you to great places?
Ranbir Kapoor|Up until age 40, most men are just not as mature as women. So, it makes sense that a lot of women date up in age a bit.
John Capecci and Timothy Cage|Say It So You Lift Your Spirits: Even non-Scandinavians and optimists can feel their moods dampen during the dark of night. Luckily there are some easy ways to lift your spirits. Here are three:1. When describing something in the past, what role do you play in the story? Are more of your most retold stories anchored by a positively or a negatively felt incidents? Those who are most resilient, energetic, caring and involved with others tend to link their stories to redemptive themes.Those who are plagued by down moods often mark their stories with what went wrong and don't include a redeeming detail. These narrative themes affect our choices -- what we think we have to choose from -- and how others see us.2. We each have many personalities inside us. Some situations enable us to use our best talents and display our best side. Instead of attempting to be a "virtuoso juggler" as many women do, discover the specific situations where you thrive. When you can identify those moments you are better able, like a defensive driver, to see potential danger farther ahead where situations or individuals spark your discomfort or worse.Conversely, knowing where you shine (temperament and talent) means you can make smarter choices about how you work and live -- and with whom. While Marcus Buckingham's book is intended for women, I know three male friends who have found it helpful in how they seek the situations that best serve them -- professionally, personally and socially.3. We each have a set point along the continuum of pessimistic to optimistic. After winning the lottery or experiencing the death of a loved one, we eventually return to that set point.
Kamand Kojouri|In the beginning was love, and love was with God, and love was God.
Richard Bach, Illusions: The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah|The world is your exercise book, the pages on which you do your sums. It is not reality, though you may express reality there if you wish. You are also free to write lies, or nonsense, or to tear the pages.
William MacAskill, Doing Good Better: How Effective Altruism Can Help You Make a Difference|We very often fail to think as carefully about helping others as we could, mistakenly believing that applying data and rationality to a charitable endeavor robs the act of virtue. And that means we pass up opportunities to make a tremendous difference.
Neal Shusterman, Red Rider's Hood|There are worse things than being robbed..." I could smell the sick old-meat stench on his breath, like he really had eaten my grandmother. "...worse things than dyin' even. You be a good boy, Little Red, and maybe you'll get to live awhile. Maybe you'll get to die in your own natural time.
Ana Claudia Antunes, ACross Tic|I do have a funny perception of mine I'd like to share. Being basically a lifetime poet. I've had many people say "I don't like poetry" But they'll listen to song after song that rhymes on the end in couplets Just a thought...
Annie Kagan, The Afterlife of Billy Fingers: How My Bad-Boy Brother Proved to Me There's Life After Death|How noble is the journey of each human being, from Divine to dust and back again. How brave to enter a body and dance the dance of existence only to lose everything imagined to be true in the moment of death.
Daniel Handler|If every year is a marble, how many marbles do you have left? How many sunrises, how many opportunities to rise to the full stature of your being?
William Shakespeare, As You Like It|Anyone can be brave for five minutes or an hour or two. The bravery no one talks about is the hardest bravery of all. When you get up in the morning even though you'd rather be dead, that's brave.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|I was cranked to a fifth gear, and everything I did, I did on a deadline.
Sunday Adelaja|If a man realizes who he is, he understands that if he must, he can start from the beginning and achieve success again
R.K. Narayan, Swami and Friends, The Bachelor of Arts, The Dark Room, The English Teacher|There's nothing wrong with athletics, but they shouldn't get in the way of your schoolwork.
J. Robert Oppenheimer|Now, I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds.
Debasish Mridha|Knowledge is the most essential ingredient of life, and it comes from curiosity.
Kevin Ansbro|Sadly, there are writers who wouldn't know an umlaut from an omelet.
Colson Whitehead, Sag Harbor|Two people, two hands, and two songs, in this case "Big Shot" and "Bette Davis Eyes." The lyrics of the two songs provided no commentary, honest or ironic, on the proceedings. They were merely there and always underfoot, the insistent gray muck that was pop culture. It stuck to our shoes and we tracked it through our lives.
Amie Kaufman, Illuminae|A small metal marble pinballs within my chest, banging and clanging against all the routes inside me.
Bobby Darnell|Anything can happen in love, war and South Inidan movies.
Melissa A. Craven, The Awakening|I’m fine, considering I can’t walk anymore,” Pam replied, a sarcastic edge in her voice. “You look like your bringing news. What is it this time, I’m blind?
Laura Bush|I remember watching Gilda Radner when I was a kid and everyone thought she was so funny and no one ever said that she was a funny woman, she was just funny.
Jeannette Walls, Half Broke Horses|Dad was a philosopher and had what he called his Theory of Purpose, which held that everything in life had a purpose, and unless it achieved that purpose, it was just taking up space on the planet and wasting everybody's time.
Joshua Harris, I Kissed Dating Goodbye|At night I dream that you and I are two plantsthat grew together, roots entwined,and that you know the earth and the rain like my mouth,since we are made of earth and rain.
Miranda Davis, The Duke's Tattoo|How long would it take for her sadness to ease? How long must she wait to forget a man who would've been her ideal, were he not who he was? The answer: too long. But wait she must.
Jim Butcher, Proven Guilty|When people say the word "convention," they are usually referring to large gatherings of the employees of companies and corporations who attend a mass assembly, usually in a big hotel somewhere, for the purpose of pretending to learn stuff when they are in fact enjoying a free trip somewhere, time off work, and the opportunity to flirt with strangers, drink, and otherwise indulge themselves. The first major difference between a business convention and a fan-dom convention is that fandom doesn’t bother with the pretenses. They’re just there to have a good time. The second difference is the dress code— the ensembles at a fan convention tend to be considerably more novel.
Charles Yu, How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe|When you are thirteen, you spend all your time imagining what it would be like to live in a world where you could pay a robot for sex. And that sex would cost a dollar. And the only obstacle to getting that sex would be making sure you had four quarters.Then you grow up and it turns out you do live in that kind of world. A world with coin-operated sexbots. And it's not really as great as you thought it would be.
Richard von Krafft-Ebing, Psychopathia Sexualis: The Case Histories|In her view, there were threeoptions for a woman. If you were beautiful, you got married. If youwere ugly, you became a nun. If you were beautiful and stupid, orugly and dishonorable, you became a whore.
Joseph Warren|I grieved three thousand times. Then I grieved for myself, a lonely woman without the honor given to the wives of the fallen. The reverence for their loss, for their children's loss. It was eloquent and grand. So moving and charged with solidarity...On September eleventh, I faced the last moments of your father's life. I saw him in every person who tried to jump and every body they pulled from the rubble. And I saw myself as I was never allowed to be, consoled, understood, and loved.
Jennifer    Miller, Fighting Envy|Family comes in many shapes and forms. It’s a single mom that happily gives up the things she wants or needs in order to provide that extra special something for her child. It’s the single father that’s trying to be a mother and father to his kids. It’s the parents that were never able to have children of their own and adopt a child. Family doesn’t show prejudice based on race, age or sex. Family isn’t only defined by blood; it’s defined by love. Something that Lily and I have in leaps and bounds. Family's what we make it, what we want it to be.
Merritt Tierce, Love Me Back|Per qualche motivo anche solo assistere mi aveva fatto venir voglia di uccidere qualunque parte di me provasse del desiderio. Qualunque parte di me stesse ancora aspettando qualcosa da qualcuno, speranzosa.
R.G. Manse, Screw Friendship|Rosy waited as long as she dared then sat forward and let her eye rove Franny’s lounge, up and down the shelves, looking for something, not even sure she could bring herself to act if she saw it again, already convinced this was her worst ever idea
Anthony Stevens, Jung: A Very Short Introduction|Where the parents are not 'good enough' the rest of the programme for life may be distorted and later stages in the archetypal sequence may fail to be realized. Thus, the boy whose father was inadequate or absent may fail to actualize his masculine potential sufficiently to establish the social or vocational role his talents equip him for, or he may be unable to sustain a relationship with a member of the opposite sex long enough for him to become an adequate husband or father himself.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Before I knew that a man could kill a man, because it happens all the time. Now I know that even the person with whom you've shared food, or whom you've slept, even he can kill you with no trouble. The closest neighbor can kill you with his teeth: that is what I have Learned since the genocide, and my eyes no longer gaze the same on the face of the world.
Susana Martinez|It's opportunity. It's opportunity, not a check from government - it's opportunity that has always driven America and defined us as Americans.
Steven Weinberg|It used to be obvious that the world was designed by some sort of intelligence. What else could account for fire and rain and lightning and earthquakes? Above all, the wonderful abilities of living things seemed to point to a creator who had a special interest in life. Today we understand most of these things in terms of physical forces acting under impersonal laws. We don't yet know the most fundamental laws, and we can't work out all the consequences of the laws we do know. The human mind remains extraordinarily difficult to understand, but so is the weather. We can't predict whether it will rain one month from today, but we do know the rules that govern the rain, even though we can't always calculate their consequences. I see nothing about the human mind any more than about the weather that stands out as beyond the hope of understanding as a consequence of impersonal laws acting over billions of years.
Angelica Hopes, Rhythm of a Heart, Music of a Soul|Anyhow, whether undergraduate or shop boy, man or woman, it must come as a shock about the age of twenty—the world of the elderly—thrown up in such black outline upon what we are; upon the reality; the moors and Byron; the sea and the lighthouse; the sheep’s jaw with the yellow teeth in it; upon the obstinate irrepressible conviction which makes youth so intolerably disagreeable—“I am what I am, and intend to be it,” for which there will be no form in the world unless Jacob makes one for himself. The Plumers will try to prevent him from making it. Wells and Shaw and the serious sixpenny weeklies will sit on its head.
Ayn Rand|They, they, they. That was the problem with people like Joyce. They talked about the richness of their multicultural heritage and it sounded real good, until you noticed that they avoided black people. It wasn't a matter of conscious choice, necessarily, just a matter of gravitational pull, the way integration always worked, a one-way street. The minority assimilated into the dominant culture, not the other way around. Only white culture could be neutral and objective. Only white culture could be nonracial, willing to adopt the occasional exotic into its ranks. Only white culture had individuals. And we, the half-breeds and the college-degreed, take a survey of the situation and think to ourselves, Why should we get lumped in with the losers if we don't want to? We become only so grateful to lose ourselves in the crowd, America's happy, faceless marketplace; and we're never so outraged as when a cabbie drives past us or the woman in the elevator clutches her purse, not so much because we're bothered by the fact that such indignities are what less fortunate coloreds have to put up with every single day of their lives-- although that's what we tell ourselves-- but because we're wearing a Brooks Brothers suit and speak impeccable English and yet have somehow been mistaken for an ordinary nigger.Don't know who I am? I'm an individual!
John Fowles, The Collector|I love honesty and freedom and giving. I love making, I love doing. I love being to the full, I love everything which is not sitting and watching and copying and dead at heart.
Cristin Harber, Revenge|This many pretty girls in the room, all watching you boys like you’re a wedding-reception one-night stand waiting to happen—
Dorothy L. Sayers, The Letters of Dorothy L. Sayers. Vol. 1, 1899-1936: The Making of a Detective Novelist|To make a deliberate falsification for personal gain is the last, worst depth to which either scholar or artist can descend in work or life., 8 September 1935)
Orson Scott Card|We care about moral issues, nobility, decency, happiness, goodness—the issues that matter in the real world, but which can only be addressed, in their purity, in fiction.
Kourtney Kardashian|My mom and both of my grandmothers have always been into fashion, so it's been around us our whole lives.
James A. Michener, Return to Paradise|The South Pacific is memorable because when you are in the islands you simply cannot ignore nature. You cannot avoid looking up at the stars, large as apples on a new tree. You cannot deafen your ear to the thunder of the surf. The bright sands, the screaming birds, and the wild winds are always with you.
Joe Sacco, Journalism|Work to enjoy life. Work to create value. Work to survive, strive and thrive. But do not work...to work.
Tahir Shah, House of the Tiger King: The Quest for a Lost City|Roald Amundsen says that ‘Adventure is just bad planning.’ In that case, friends, let us make more bad planning!
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|So it became,the law of universe,to have the,profoundest,of the words,cloaked in the,darkest of the masks.
Philip Carter, Altar of Bones|Yes," I answered you last night;"No," this morning, sir, I say.Colours seen by candlelightWill not look the same by day.
Winston Groom, Forrest Gump|At dawn, they call in a napalm airplane, but it drop the shit damn near right on top of us. Our own fellers be all signed and burnt up - come running out into the open, eyes big as biscuits, everybody cussing and sweating and scared, woods set on fire, damn near put the rain out!
Alexandra Adornetto, Halo|A man in love can do extraordinary things, I don’t care if you’re an angel, you’re my angel, and I won’t let you go.
Danielle Steel, Until the End of Time|What a grand thing it is to be loved! What a far grander thing it is to love! The heart becomes heroic, by dint of passion.
Reechen Dorji|Love Life, Life is Beautiful.
Walter Kirn|I read a very romantic book when I was young, when I was in college: Rilke's 'Letters to a Young Poet.' And I've always felt that if you are in any kind of an artistic, creative endeavor, and you feel there's something else you can do for a living and be happy, I think you should do something else.
Trish Feehan|The past is always with us. It echoes through every living moment, giving it depth and meaning beyond itself. Sometimes the past is so powerful, those echoes threaten to overwhelm the present.
Titania Hardie, The Rose Labyrinth|Having declared a passion for his wildness, she had sought from the beginning to tame him.
Eileen Anglin|I pray that I'll have wings one day, in which Your light adorns; but for now please let me be Your servant, Lord, like an angel not yet born.
Simon Raven|If I am right about the big picture, I will be rewarded for my patience.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Some women seem so voluptuous in every sense, richly bountiful and fertile with generous gifts of plenty, sensual and confident in their female strength that they are called "earth mothers."—when they are bountiful and fertile with the power of our imagination.
A.R. Braun, Autonomy|A girl had to do what a girl had to do and it looked as if this girl’s immediate future included chicken Caesar salad, chocolate cake, and Cary Grant.
Mercy Otis Warren|In the United States today, the Declaration of Independence hangs on schoolroom walls, but foreign policy follows Machiavelli.
Deyth Banger|A lot of blood,A lot of dead people,A lot of victims,A lot of useless battles,A lot of predictable battles, so far what's next?As far as now I suggest to change the road, it's too messy this road in which all are walking. Somebody will fall...
Mark Z. Danielewski, House of Leaves|The best way is not to fight it, just go. Don't be trying all the time to fix things. What you run from only stays with you longer. When you fight something, you only make it stronger.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Love may be harder to find in some people, but when they do love you know it must be something marvelous.
Edward Albee|The power to shape your reality lies within you, therefore the most important voice you will ever hear is your own.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Wherever we travel to, the wonderful people we meet become our family.
Carl Bernstein, All the President's Men|Sussman had the ability to seize facts and lock them in his memory, where they remained poised for instants recall. More than any other editor at the Post, or Bernstein and Woodward, Sussman became a walking compendium of Watergate knowledge, a reference source to be summoned when even the library failed. On a deadline, he would pump these facts into a story in a constant infusion, working up a body of significant information to support what otherwise seemed like the weakest of revelations. In Sussman's mind, everything fitted. Watergate was a puzzle and he was a collector of the pieces.-- Carl Bernstein, Bob Woodward
Romain Rolland|Truly, great is pride and blindness, so that the blood dripping from the scaffold would be called justice. - Epigraph to the 5'th chapter
Rak Razam, Aya: A Shamanic Odyssey|One must always be careful, for the art of shamanism is fueled by the power of the will, interacting with the power of the plants. And it seems all too easy for some shamans to warp that power to dark ends, to the 'shamachismo' that can drive them to serve selfish ego desires. Power corrupts, and the spirit world can corrupt absolutely if it's not approached from a perspective of openness and servitude.
Dave Barry, I'll Mature When I'm Dead: Dave Barry's Amazing Tales of Adulthood|Let me tell you something you probably already know. It's that second cork that should remain in the neck of the bottle. You can liberate 1, but two bottles of wine for 2 people is 1 bottle too many. There was a reason the French bottled wine the way they did. 2 and a half glasses was plenty of wine for 2 people to consume with dinner. But that's not how it went with us.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Keep it calm and watch the company you keep. It's either a red card or a green card you are holding. One guides you to go on, and the other makes you give up on scoring your goals
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Sign of Four|To lead a life that goes beyond pettiness and prejudice and always wanting to make sure that everything turns out on our terms, to lead a more passionate, full, and delightful life than that, we must realize that we can endure a lot of pain and pleasure for the sake of finding out who we are and what this world is, how we tick and how our world ticks, how the whole thing just is.
Neil Gaiman, Coraline|We...we could be friends.'We COULD be rare specimens of an exotic breed of dancing African elephants, but we're not. At least, I'M not.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Shape|I enjoy it when the world smiles; the more smiles, the warmer I am.
Auliq Ice|The way to fight fear is to do what you are afraid of. And the way to fight pain is to live with it, with an open heart.
T.A. Webb, Let's Hear It for the Boy|Innocence is defined in dictionaries as freedom from guilt or sin, especially from lack of knowledge; purity of heart; blamelessness; guilelessness; simplicity, etc.
Émile Zola, The Fortune of the Rougons|The right to make revolution is unconditional, for it alone establishes right.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|one day my best friend said to me 'Jess, you rock a lot of polka dots' and that was the deal breaker, now we're mortal enemies
Lea Carpenter, Eleven Days|Anyone who met him today would say, *Soldier. Fighter.* They would want him on their team. As a mother she was willing to engage in pride over fear and to admit the possibility that his sacriﬁce was hers, too. His sacriﬁce was something she had been able to give her country.
Susan Barbara Apollon, Touched by the Extraordinary, Book Two|Loss pushes us to difficult places where we have not been before. We often question whether or not we have the courage and stamina to survive the pain. However, we often are given gifts that tell us that we are not alone and that we can withstand the journey.
A.E.  Kirk, Demons at Deadnight|Blake dug a hand into our popcorn.Jayden leaned forward. “Aurora, perhaps you can reconcile our debate. Is Hitchcock horror or suspense?”“Suspense,” Tristan said.“Horror,” Logan countered.“You thought Sleepless in Seattle was horror,” Tristan said. “All that lovey-dovey stuff gave you nightmares.”“Sad but true,” Jayden confirmed.
Harbhajan Singh|Science has taught us, against all intuition, that apparently solid things like crystals and rocks are really almost entirely composed of empty space. And the familiar illustration is the nucleus of an atom is a fly in the middle of a sports stadium, and the next atom is in the next sports stadium.
Laura Miller, The Magician's Book: A Skeptic's Adventures in Narnia|Buying a book is not about obtaining a possession, but about securing a portal.
Trevanian, Shibumi|Confession is good for the soul, it empties the spirit making more room for sin.
John Piper, When the Darkness Will Not Lift: Doing What We Can While We Wait for God--And Joy|...we should all fortify ourselves against the dark hours of depression by cultivating a deep distrust of the certainties of despair. Despair is relentless in the certainties of its pessimism. But we have seen again and again, from our own experience and others', that absolute statements of hopelessness that we make in the dark are notoriously unreliable. Our dark certainties are not sureties.
Ian McEwan, The Daydreamer|If life was a dream, then dying must be the moment when you woke up. It was so simple it must be true. You died, the dream was over, you woke up. That's what people meant when they talked about going to heaven. It was like waking up.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|The more time you invest into studying religion, the more likely you are to disbelieve in the gods
Tiqqun|What civilization has done to women’s bodies is no different than what it’s done to the earth, to children, to the sick, to the proletariat; in short, to everything that isn’t supposed to “talk,” and in general to whatever the knowledge-powers of government and management don’t want to hear, which is thus relegated to exclusion from all recognized activity, relegated to the role of a witness.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|My wife Ruth once said, “If our children have the background of a godly, happy home and this unshakeable faith that the Bible is indeed the Word of God, they will have a foundation that the forces of hell cannot shake.
Charles Darwin, The Descent of Man|For my own part I would as soon be descended from that heroic little monkey, who braved his dreaded enemy in order to save the life of his keeper; or from that old baboon, who, descending from the mountains, carried away in triumph his young comrade from a crowd of astonished dogs—as from a savage who delights to torture his enemies, offers up bloody sacrifices, practices infanticide without remorse, treats his wives like slaves, knows no decency, and is haunted by the grossest superstitions.
Henry Ford|A corrupt dies a thousand deaths. An honest, just one.
Yogi Bhajan|Would it be so terrible, sweet Cyn?” he whispered. “To spend eternity at my side?” But she was too far gone in sleep, and Raphael didn't know if he wanted to hear her answer anyway.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|If you want to be drunk, become drunk with an idea.
Rachel Caine, Last Breath|Promise me you’ll marry me. Not now. Someday. Because I need to know.”Claire felt a flutter inside, like a bird trying to fly, and a rush of heat that made her dizzy. And something else, something fragile as a soap bubble,and just as beautiful. Joy, in the middle of all this horror and heartbreak.“Yes,” she whispered back. “I promise.”And she kissed him, and kissed him, and kissed him, while the sun came up and bathed Morganville in one last, shining day.
Russ Lippitt|That was Hunter,' said Quinn as his father's footsteps faded away.'I figured. Since he said to call him Hunter and everything.
Bruce Lee|Nature teaches us to devour each other and gives us the example of all the crimes and all the vices which the social state corrects or conceals. We should love virtue; but it is well to know that this is simply and solely a convenient expedient invented by men in order to live comfortably together. What we call morality is merely a desperate enterprise, a forlorn hope, on the part of our fellow creatures to reverse the order of the universe, which is strife and murder, the blind interplay of hostile forces. She destroys herself, and the more I think of things, the more convinced I am that the universe is mad. Theologians and philosophers, who make God the author of Nature and the architect of the universe, show Him to us as illogical and ill-conditioned. They declare Him benevolent, because they are afraid of Him, but they are forced to admit that His acts are atrocious. They attribute a malignity to him seldom to be found even in mankind. And that is how they get human beings to adore Him. For our miserable race would never lavish worship on just and benevolent deities from which they would have nothing to fear; they would feel only a barren gratitude for their benefits. Without purgatory and hell, your good God would be a mighty poor creature.
Sherman Alexie, The Lone Ranger and Tonto Fistfight in Heaven|How much do we remember of what hurts us most? I've been thinking about pain, how each of us constructs our past to justify what we feel now. How each successive pain distorts the preceding.
Robert Mondavi|The simpler the food, the harder it is to prepare it well. You want to truly taste what it is you're eating. So that goes back to the trend of fine ingredients. It's very Japanese: Preparing good ingredients very simply, without distractions from the flavor of the ingredient itself.
Sam Mamaril|A place for the newly weds and nearly deads I'm counting the stones I hope you know I love you.Got a lot of friends 6 feet under us.Counting down the days till we join the party.Thoughts of your nightmare projected through mine...Breathing in these lies is no surpriseThese evil things are all we knowLets take these lives where we want to go.The future is our prize, when the stars align.Ghouls and ghosts will haunt my soul but they will never take me.Before I go, I want to show that we can make a difference. We've got some dumb perceptions.But I've got the death connection...All the hate that you have...Just throw it away Life is meant for more,But we're too distracted..Too caught up in the anger and judgment.. Caught up in the web of lies I've heard these things keep our blood boiling, Keeps us alive, and moving forward... If that's the case I was born a dead man. And I'm forever a ghost.Hatred is something that we're brought up to see.Now everybody's looking at meI hope they know... They won't get their satisfaction.
Desiree Williams, Illusionary|Your body belongs to the earth. In modern life, people tend to think their bodies belong to them, that they can do anything they want to themselves. But your body is not only yours. Your body belongs to your ancestors, your parents, and future generations. It also belongs to society and to all the other living beings. The trees, the clouds, the soil, and every living thing brought about the presence of your body. We can eat with care, knowing we are caretakers of our bodies, rather than their owners.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Believe in your power to make happiness a choice—do so every day, until it becomes a lifelong habit.
Touaxia Vang|Yes, you are right! I am your leftover trash. I hope you know a bum got to eat too. I believe you were one when I met you.
V.E. Schwab, A Gathering of Shadows|Everyone thinks I have a death wish, you know? But I don't want to die - dying is easy. No, I want to live, but getting close to death is the only way to feel alive. And once you do, it makes you realize that everything you were actually doing before wasn't actually living. It was just making do. Call me crazy, but I think we do the best living when the stakes are high.
Sarvesh Jain, The Journey of 101 Milestones|Earth and air, fire and water, the stars in their courses, the high tide of destiny and the Will of divine Providence are all arrayed against the forces of oppression. -- Louis Gregory
James S.A. Corey, Leviathan Wakes|Someone has to be stoic, for the sake of, in spite of, and in the face of all those who are, not. Someone, has to be serious. Someone has to choose to forgo choice, so that there is an option left for others to consider. Everyone can't be, someone.
Matthew Lee Anderson|As Friedland had done and as Jobs would learn to do, he was able to turn charm into a cunning force, to cajole and intimidate and distort reality with the power of his personality
Anthony Joshua|Sadly, in the highest levels of economic thought in government, questions are not tolerated. It is as if we're dealing with the binary thinking of a fundamentalist religion.
Jocelyn Sanchez|Our past doesn’t define us, rather, it’s the courses we take after that tells us who we really are.
Erin Kellison, Tempted by Fire|Fire is fire," Matthew said. "It burns.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|Struggles put you in a position to make better decisions. You'll survive and should take the lessons learned especially in order to move forward in life. It may have been raining in your life for a moment, but the sun will shine again
Lanling Xiaoxiao Sheng, Golden Lotus Volume 1: Jin Ping Mei|Evil and good meet with their due reward. Good fortune and ill luck walk side by side. But he who never walks the wrong path, need have no fear when comes the summons in the night.
Michael Crichton, The Great Train Robbery|The old man in the beard he felt convinced was wrong. He was too busy saving his own soul. Wasn't it better to take part even in the crimes of people you loved, if it was necessary hate as they did, and if that were the end of everything suffer damnation with them rather than be saved alone?
Robert Lane Greene, You Are What You Speak: Grammar Grouches, Language Laws, and the Politics of Identity|If you look at the historical record, you will find that language has always been in decline. Which means, really, and it never has.
Marilynne Robinson, Home|Max.”It was a sharp whisper to reinstate the silence and Max did not know what kind ofacerbic retort waited on the other side of his stilted pause. Kevin had never snapped athim before, but there was a part of him that thought it would happen today.His brother turned to face him, his deep blue eyes lined with tears and burning withanguish. “You’re my brother,” he said, his voice low and unsteady. “You alreadyknow how I feel…and I know how you feel…so there’s no need to talk about this.And if you mention his name again, I’m gonna ask you leave.”Max nodded. That wasn’t the verbal lashing he was expecting but it made himunderstand his role in the situation. Kevin hadn’t played video games all day for theentertainment. He had done it for the distraction. And he hadn’t allowed Max to sit inhis room for so long because he intended to open up. He had kept Max there becausehe wanted the silent comfort, the pillar of strength only a brother could provide. - Kevin to Max
Brené Brown, The Gifts of Imperfection: Let Go of Who You Think You're Supposed to Be and Embrace Who You Are|Spirituality is recognizing and celebrating that we are all inextricably connected to each other by a power greater than all of us, and that our connection to that power and to one another is grounded in love and compassion. Practicing spirituality brings a sense of perspective, meaning and purpose to our lives.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|Leviathan laughs at the javelin, but he trembles at prayer. Sword and spear need furbishing, but prayer never rusts, and when we think it most blunt it cuts the best. Prayer is an open door which none can shut. Devils may surround you on all sides, but the way upward is always open.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|We felt the imprisonment of being a girl, the way it made your mind active and dreamy, and how you ended up knowing which colors went together. We knew that the girls were our twins, that we all existed in space like animals with identical skins, and that they knew everything about us though we couldn’t fathom them at all. We knew, finally, that the girls were really women in disguise, that they understood love and even death, and that our job was merely to create the noise that seemed to fascinate them.
Samantha Young, Slumber|The sun was up, the room already too warm. Light filtered in through the net curtains, hanging suspended in the air, sediment in a pond. My head felt like a sack of pulp. Still in my nightgown, damp from some fright I'd pushed aside like foliage, I pulled myself up and out of my tangled bed, then forced myself through the usual dawn rituals - the ceremonies we perform to make ourselves look sane and acceptable to other people. The hair must be smoothed down after whatever apparitions have made it stand on end during the night, the expression of staring disbelief washed from the eyes. The teeth brushed, such as they are. God knows what bones I'd been gnawing in my sleep.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|You got to insist on your success, resist every obstacle and persist in times of difficulty and you will get there.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|Those countries in Europe which are still influenced by priests, are exactly the countries where there is still singing and dancing and coloured dresses and art in the open-air. Catholic doctrine and discipline may be walls; but they are the walls of a playground. Christianity is the only frame which has preserved the pleasure of Paganism. We might fancy some children playing on the flat grassy top of some tall island in the sea. So long as there was a wall round the cliff's edge they could fling themselves into every frantic game and make the place the noisiest of nurseries. But the walls were knocked down, leaving the naked peril of the precipice. They did not fall over; but when their friends returned to them they were all huddled in terror in the centre of the island; and their song had ceased.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The main “food” God has given to strengthen us is the Bible, the Word of God.
Richard Kearney, Poetics of Imagining: Modern and Post-Modern|Clearly, imagining cannot be expected to mean exactly the same thing today as it did in the Middle Ages or antiquity. For one thing, Aristotle and Aquinas never watched television.
Frank Tipler|I'm going to get myself one of those, um, movable computers - what do you call them... ? Laptops! I am bad. I still call my radio a wireless.
Seneca|I am not a ‘wise man,’ nor . . . shall I ever be. And so require not from me that I should be equal to the best, but that I should be better than the wicked. It is enough for me if every day I reduce the number of my vices, and blame my mistakes.
Paul Gibbons, The Science of Successful Organizational Change: How Leaders Set Strategy, Change Behavior, and Create an Agile Culture|his was a profession in which a good leader constantly had to adapt to new weapons, whether he liked them or not,
Abraham Lincoln|He seemed touched by a larger spirit, his course guided by something beyond him, so talented, so able, so good-natured that he did not even inspire envy in a city rich with envy.
Simona Panova, Nightmarish Sacrifice|So, apart from casting runes, what other hobbies do you have? Forbidden rituals, human sacrifices, torturing? –
Rabih Alameddine, I, The Divine: A Novel in First Chapters|I realised when it came to men, I did not pick the beautiful or the correct. I picked the wrong one.
Dan John|When the only exorcise you get is running for a bus, get more buses!
Michael Bassey Johnson|When someone puts an end to something, it doesn't mean that he gave up, it means that thing is not taking him anywhere.
Sbr Khan|If each of us could help one orphan to build his/her capacity, and academic background rather than giving them money or food, then no family will sufferer without guardian.
Martin Heidegger, The Essence of Reasons|I live my life in growing orbits which move out over this wondrous world, I am circling around God, around ancient towers and i have been circling for a thousand years. And I still dont know if I am an eagle or a storm or a great song.
Chandan Sharma|If you are reading this, you will get what you want. Believe in yourself and that's inspiration.
Sheldon B. Kopp, If You Meet the Buddha on the Road, Kill Him: The Pilgrimage Of Psychotherapy Patients|So it is that there is nothing to be taught, but yet there is something to be learned.
Nathaniel Hawthorne|Then might I exemplify how an influence beyond our control lays its strong hand on every deed which we do, and weaves its consequences into an iron tissue of necessity. (Wakefield)
Roger Hargreaves, Mr. Silly|So many stories lived behind my eyes. I carried the people I hurt, the lies I told, my sick relationship with food, wherever I went. My mind was rarely grounded in the moment. My past was heavy and constant; my thoughts wouldn’t leave me alone. But when I was with the shelter dogs, I didn’t have anything to hide. Sometimes what existed behind my eyes fell away. I wasn’t bulimic or unlovable or fat or a liar. I was a part of life again. I was an observer, and to more than just the dark cyclical patterns of the mind—here was the strong, sturdy presence of another—the breath moving in and out of Angel’s chest, the beating of her heart, the force of life moving through her and through me.
Rohit Gore, A Darker Dawn|Marry me, Lada. It is the perfect solution." Lada laughed. Mehmed's smile grew, until he realized her laugh was not a sweet breeze of delight, but a brutal desert wind carrying stinging sand in its wake. "I will never marry.
Tony Curl|At some time you start to think your dreams are beyond you. The universe is sending you messages to quit... contrary. The universe is simply making sure that it really is something you want. Anything great is worth fighting for. Keep fighting, keep persisting. It is only through persistence that we ultimately succeed.
Walter Bagehot|We see but one aspect of our neighbor, as we see but one side of the moon; in either case there is also a dark half, which is unknown to us. We all come down to dinner, but each has a room to himself.
Bianca Sparacino, Seeds Planted in Concrete|Do not chase another human being. Instead, chase your curiosity. Chase your development and your goals. Chase your passion. Strive to work for something bigger than yourself, and instead of trying to convince someone that you fit within their world, strive to build your own.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|You do not get what you wish for, unless it be known to the source of your desire.
Bill Bryson, A Short History of Nearly Everything|The universe is an amazingly fickle and eventful place, and our existence within is a wonder.
Georgia Clark|My fingers find his. They are warm, pulsing with genetically altered blue blood, powered by mirror matter.
Courtney Summers, Please Remain Calm|Because you made it here on a lot less" he says and he has no idea how on the mark he is.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Cursed is our love, as we long for each other like wounded doves with these feelings we suffocate ...
Julianna Margulies|Everything about 'UY' is new and fresh, and we are extremely happy at the response from the audiences, as most people are walking out of cinema halls with a smile on their faces.
Zack Love, Anissa's Redemption|She was somehow this damaged creature I had fortuitously encountered along my path and now cared about as a result. Granted, I didn't cause her harm, as I did with Icarus, but I somehow began to feel responsible for her welfare.
Kady Cross, The Girl in the Steel Corset|Thank you,” she said, tears leaking out of her eyes. “Thank you so much.”	A gentle and hesitant hand came down on her back. “Don’t cry, Treasure. You’ll get me all wet and then I’ll melt. I’m made of sugar, don’t you know.” (Jack Dandy And Finley)
Lailah Gifty Akita|...she found herself blessing God for her creation, preservation, and all the blessings of this life, but above all for His inestimable Love; out loud; in a burst of acknowledgement.
Abbie Cornish|The people of Liberia know what it means to be deprived of clean water, but we also know what it means to see our children to begin to smile again with a restoration of hope and faith in the future.
Kimball Lee|That August, Elodie Selkirk became the latest lady in Paris to order a coin-operated boy.
Alex Haley|People die and starve every day, but look on the bright side. Lower population.
A. Zavarelli, King's Kitten|Let me go!” I screamed, but it was a wasted effort. Dean was determined to hold me. Determined never to lose his grip.“I’m never going to let you go again.
Shannon L. Alder|When you invite people to share in your miracle, you create future allies during rough weather.
Libba Bray|I came to the conclusion a while ago that there is nothing romantic or supernatural about loving someone: Love is the privilege of being responsible for another. It was, for a time, what kept me going: Each morning, for a little while, I got to feel the weight of the yoke on my back as I pulled the ancient cart of my species.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Whatsoever thing you believe strongly,it will be turned into truth within your mind.
Gaby Hoffmann|I'm a teacher and a writer; my life is words. When I see the denigration of language, it hurts me, and it's easy to denigrate a word by trivializing it.
~ Fidelis O Mkparu (2016), author of ‘Love’s affliction’|I’ll never forget the magic of our Saturday nights. Special moments carved in my mind by you the sculptor of my love. Let’s dance the night away. Who needs music, when your heart already sings to me.
Jean Sasson, Princess: A True Story of Life Behind the Veil in Saudi Arabia|The old idea, or rather the old prejudice, that women are protected by men was so deeply ingrained in that society that they overlooked what was the most obvious, that is, that the weakest and the disadvantaged are the most exposed.
Milo Yiannopoulos|Working on 'Nightmare Before Christmas,' I had endless arguments, like the studio saying, 'You can't have a main character that's got no eyeballs!' 'How is anybody going to feel for somebody with just eyesockets?' You know? So, it's those kind of things that really wear you down.
Luke  Taylor, Shatterpoint Alpha|His eyesight was possessed by the colours of trauma, cracking and bubbling like an old Super Eight film to remind him of his near-death drowning some two months ago in that very moment when he needed to act.
