|Stop chasing people who keep running away from your presence, because even if you succeed in catching them, sooner or later they would run away.
Hector Malot|If you're reading this, then I guess someone, somewhere does go through the rubbish and read every piece of paper that gets balled up and tossed away. So in that case here it is- my name's Sal.
Nikki Rowe|Dare not to criticise self, lift yourself up and set the boundaries for your worth. Speak kindly to self and hand your worries over to the wind,if you are here; you are successful already, start believing in your story, the destination will be meaningless if the journeys never been truly lived
Nicola Formichetti|Design schools are good, I guess, sometimes I visit schools, but they are very very limiting.
Jason Mraz, Love Is a Four Letter Word|Your heart plays a song like a broken music box, but nothing ever sounded quite so beautiful to me. Together, in the dance of wounded-wing swans we’ll rise above the ruins, melting into the golden light.
V.A. Menon|i bring my kiasu friend to the airportleavings are never easy, not for longand though we both saw blur along the waymemories flooded present tensions.in the curry of his life no lemak remainedso now the predictable exit signalledthe end of his roundings, his bombings–he can bluff like hell, ma, he got style–and left me thinking about home, my kampong.
LeeAnn Whitaker, Never Another You|There are many wounded hearts here. Many! Some admit. Others - the stubborn ones, scribble poetry instead.
Yogi Kanna, Return to Love: A Guide to Inner Peace, Emotional Healing and Spiritual Transformation|Thoughts appear and disappear, just like waves on the ocean. Be like the ocean of love, releasing every thought to the shore as soon as they appear.
Sharon Shinn, Mystic and Rider|You have not traveled enough," she said. "Or you'd know that every journeymakes its own map across your heart.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Elizabeth, what this man has done is terrible. There aren't any words that are strong enough to describe how wicked and evil he is! He has taken nine months of your life that you will never get back again. But the best punishment you could ever give him is to be happy. To move forward with your life. To do exactly what you want. Because, yes, this will probably go to trial and some kind of sentencing will be given to him and that wicked woman. But even if that's true, you may never feel like justice has been served or that true restitution has been made...You be happy, Elizabeth. Just be happy. If you go and feel sorry for yourself, or if you dwell on what has happened, if you hold on to your pain, that is allowing him to steal more of your life away. So don't you do that! Don't you let him! There is no way that he deserves that. Not one more second of your life. You keep every second for yourself. You keep them and be happy...
Robert Girardi, The Pirate's Daughter|Even feigning surprise, pretending it was unexpected and saying a ritual thanks, is surely wiser than just expecting everything so carelessly.
Fakeer Ishavardas|If, when you wake up in the morning, you can think of nothing but writing then you are a writer”"Se alla mattina quando ti alzi non pensi altro che allo scrivere allora sei uno scrittore
Asuni LadyZeal|Change is often overrated: at times, all you need to change is how you change what you change in your life.
Arthur C. Clarke, 2010: Odyssey Two|What was more, they had taken the first step toward genuine friendship. They had exchanged vulnerabilities.
L.M. Montgomery|Best not to ask "What is it?" until you finish rolling in it.
Per Petterson, Jeg forbanner tidens elv|A dead dog is more quiet than a house on the steppes, a chair in a empty room.
Mary Oliver, Swan: Poems and Prose Poems|When When it’s over, it’s over, and we don’t know any of us, what happens then.So I try not to miss anything.I think, in my whole life, I have never missed The full moonor the slipper of its coming back.Or, a kiss.Well, yes, especially a kiss.
Daniel Quinn|To you, Christianity, Judaism, Islam, Buddhism, and Hinduism look very different, but to me they look the same. Many of you would say that something like Buddhism doesn't even belong on the list, since it doesn't link salvation to divine worship, but to me this is just a quibble. Christianity, Judaism, Islam, Buddhism, and Hinduism all perceive human beings as flawed, wounded creatures in need of salvation, and all rely fundamentally on revelations that spell out how salvation is to be attained, either by departing from this life or rising above it.
Micheline Jean Louis|Oh love let me embrace your path, to be remembered in kindness so I may remain immortal
Debasish Mridha|Love has only feelings, don't seek meanings.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|True prayer is done in secret, but this does not rule out the fellowship of prayer altogether, however clearly we may be aware of its dangers. In the last resort it is immaterial whether we pray in the open street or in the secrecy of our chambers, whether briefly or lenghtily, in the Litany of the Church, or with the sigh of one who knows not what he should pray for. True prayer does not depend either on the individual or the whole body of the faithful, but solely upon the knowledge that our Heavenly Father knows our needs.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Work hard in silence, let your success be your noise.
Marilyn Manson|If you want to be certain, you should never get married. You should never change jobs. In fact, you might as well just stay home. Because I don't know anybody who is certain. That need to be certain is just procrastination.
John Podhoretz|I just feel like I'm such a normal person in an industry that is so chaotic and crazy. I am what I am, and I can't change it. And I don't want to change it.
Scott  Hawkins, The Library at Mount Char|In politics, a conflict only exists in public; otherwise it is merely a potential for conflict, which we can never be certain exists or will materialize.
Blaize Clement, Cat Sitter on a Hot Tin Roof|I think the world is often like that.” “Like what?” “Comic, but only at the right distance.
Jasper Fforde, The Last Dragonslayer|Charles is going to be fine," said Annie. "Yep," said Jack with a smile. "He never even knew that it was us who helped him." "That's the best way to help someone, I think," said Annie. "Why?" asked Jack. "Then you know you're not helping them just to get a lot of credit," said Annie. "You're helping because it's the right thing to do.
Mehmet Murat ildan|We must be loyal to the truth, not to our words! Change your words if they are not compatible with the truth; go back on your words, throw them to the bin!
علي الماجد|Never test good people because they are like diamonds. when you hit them, they will not break but they will only slip away from your life
Nathaniel Hawthorne|Happiness is like a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground, White Nights, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man, and Selections from The House of the Dead|But twice-two-makes-four is for all that a most insupportable thing. Twice-two-makes-four is, in my humble opinion, nothing but a piece of impudence. Twice-two-makes-four is a farcical, dressed-up fellow who stands across your path with arms akimbo and spits at you.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The worst of it is that while we continue to sink deeper into the muck and mire that we’ve created, in the very descent itself we ignorantly declare that in reality we are rising. And until desperation has crippled us sufficiently to confess the lie that we are lifting ourselves out of this mess, and until the panic of utter hopelessness has driven us to completely surrender all of the pathetic contrivances that we’ve fashioned that have put us there, we will never realize that God has readied solid ground that stands but a single step away
George Burns|With age comes the understanding and appreciation of your most important asset, your health.
Brother Lawrence, The Practice of the Presence of God|They could have fought against it, begged for another way or gone off the path in hopes of finding an easier passage. Instead, they looked upon the trail ahead, the rough ridge, now bound by thick snow, and they accepted the path they had chosen.
D.J. MacHale|For she had discovered that as well as the evil web there was another. This too bound spirits together, but not in a tangle, it was a patterned web and one could see the silver pattern when the sun shone upon it. It seemed much frailer than the dark tangle, that had a hideous strength, but it might not be so always, not in the final reckoning.
Nikki Sixx|First and foremost when you're doing comedy, you gotta be relevant and applicable to the times that you're living in. When you try and just do comedy about who is dating who and lifestyle jokes, it gets tiring after a while. It's hard to be funny in that realm.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Growing up doesn't mean that you are older than someone, it means that you are no longer an amateur.
Bob Monkhouse|The voice that arises out of the silence is something no one can imagine until it is heard. It roars when it speaks, it lies to you and convinces you, it steals from you and leaves you without a single word of comfort.
Debasish Mridha|By loving more, you let your love live forever. The more you love, the more love you will have to give away.
Henry Petroski|There are two methods in software design. One is to make the program so simple, there are obviously no errors. The other is to make it so complicated, there are no obvious errors.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|If you think you can't, you're wrong and right
Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses|At present, a good many men engaged in scientific pursuits, and who have signally failed in gaining recognition among their fellows, are endeavoring to make reputations among the churches by delivering weak and vapid lectures upon the 'harmony of Genesis and Geology.' Like all hypocrites, these men overstate the case to such a degree, and so turn and pervert facts and words that they succeed only in gaining the applause of other hypocrites like themselves. Among the great scientists they are regarded as generals regard sutlers who trade with both armies.Surely the time must come when the wealth of the world will not be wasted in the propagation of ignorant creeds and miraculous mistakes. The time must come when churches and cathedrals will be dedicated to the use of man; when minister and priest will deem the discoveries of the living of more importance than the errors of the dead; when the truths of Nature will outrank the 'sacred' falsehoods of the past, and when a single fact will outweigh all the miracles of Holy Writ.Who can over estimate the progress of the world if all the money wasted in superstition could be used to enlighten, elevate and civilize mankind?When every church becomes a school, every cathedral a university, every clergyman a teacher, and all their hearers brave and honest thinkers, then, and not until then, will the dream of poet, patriot, philanthropist and philosopher, become a real and blessed truth.
William Paul Young, The Shack|So many believe that it is love that grows, but it is the knowing that grows and love simply expands to contain it.
Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason|The people need poetry that will be their own secretTo keep them awake forever,And bathe them in the bright-haired wave of its breathing.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|Investing in yourself is one of the foundations for better relationships, health, happiness, success, and prosperity.
Deyth Banger|Some choices, once you make them, they stay made.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Greatness can only come to those who are always thankful, but never content with any level of progress.
David Duchovny, Bucky F*cking Dent|Though we are terrorized by death, it's not different from birth, it just happens
Gerald Morris, The Savage Damsel and the Dwarf|Careful, Mr. Spiro, guns are dangerous. Especially the end with the hole.
Joseph Finder, Power Play|The pitch we used to convince companies to spend $50 million bucks for one of our planes was that it wasn't simply a means of transportation; oh no - it was 'a productivity tool'. It allowed an executive to make good use of his travel time and a relaxed and refreshed executive could seal the deal much more effectively than his travel-worn counterpart. Yeah, right. You can always justify any obscene luxury on the grounds of productivity...
Paul Tremblay, A Head Full of Ghosts|She resisted the urge to run, only prey ran [and] Niko had no intention on becoming prey
raja shakeel mushtaque|... Modern life is always experienced as a struggle: to impose one's individuality on the world, one has to work against the fabric of modern culture itself and uphold ultimate values in the face of purely instrumental and ever more 'rational' forces.
Erica Ridley, The Brigadier's Runaway Bride|Every morning," he said softly, his breath caressing her cheek. "You were my only thought." He tilted closer. "Every night, you were my only thought." His lips brushed her cheekbone. "Every moment of every day, you were my only thought.
Barbara Gordon|But you raised a ruckus about and threatened to perform a Julius Caesarian on anybody on anybody who calls April the cruelest month- I was Damn born out of the loins of my father in the spring of April, you claimed. Surgeon, you stood up for the month of buds and bitches like a true Kuon Kunos
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Some of the most healing words in any language are, “I’m sorry. Will you forgive me?” How much more we need that confession to our Father in heaven.
Michael Ondaatje, The English Patient|I have found that as your wisdom and maturity develop, the number of other people you blame for your own circumstances shrinks.
Cheryl Strayed, Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail|Both friend and enemy, Faith leads us to the place where we lead ourselves.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The long-term integrity of the empire would not be assured by warm words alone. Britain"s own position in the empire had changed. Once, the country been the engine room of empire, the productive heart of the beast. But with Britain becoming more like a boardroom, investing money, taking decisions, but essentially living off the labor of others, and off the earnings of the past? At some point in the future, might even this role wither away, and might Britain become little more than a repository of British tradition, a common idealized land into which Britons abroad – in Australia, Canada, New Zealand or South Africa – could retreat, a collective memory of Greenfields and swooping glens?
Magenta Periwinkle, Cutting Class|Where does one go from the bottom? You hit the bottom of the well and what? People say the only place to go is up, but they seem to ignore how long you can spend wallowing in the muck at the bottom of the well.
Jim George|No matter what, its always an opportunity.
Haruki Murakami|In other words, Shozaburo Takitani was now alone in the world. This was no great shock to him, however, nor did it make him feel particularly sad or miserable. He did, of course, experience some sense of absence, but he felt that, eventually, life had to turn out more or less like this. Everyone ended up alone sooner or later.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|The simple things are also the most extraordinary things, and only the wise can see them.
T.K. Naliaka|If literacy was natural, the word ‘illiteracy’ would not exist.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés|Tears are a river that takes you somewhere…Tears lift your boat off the rocks, off dry ground, carrying it downriver to someplace better.
Andrea Bocelli|Under Pope Francis, we have seen a change at the Vatican that is reflective of the church I know and love. He approaches controversial doctrine or past wrongdoing with humility, understanding, and faith in the goodness of mankind. He has served as a voice for the voiceless and has been working to re-establish the church as a home for the homeless.
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|Even in the darkest and most cruel person, there is still a kernel of good. and within the most perfect champion, there is also darkness. The question is, will one give into the dark or the light?
Alexis Steinhauer|Experience had taught me that innocence seldom utters outraged shrikes. Guilt does. Innocence is a mighty shield, and the man or woman covered by it, is much more likely to answer calmly: 'My life is blameless. Look into it, if you like, for you will find nothing.' That is the tone of innocence.
Linda Simpson|When you become complacent with someone lying, whether it is a close friend, the media, or your government, then you have essentially given them permission to continue to do so and most often at your expense.
B. Justin Shier, Zero Sight|I fought the mighty urge to watch her put it on. My libido had just burst out of the closet and was tripping over furniture yelling, "Who? What? Where?" (Please excuse him. He doesn't get out much)
Octavia E. Butler, Imago|I see that if you try to fit someone in a box, she might slip through the seams like water and become her own river.
Gayle Forman, Where She Went|She said it was because one day I was going to have to go through a metamorphosis like a caterpillar transforming into a butterfly and that scared me, so butterflies scared me.
Angelica Hopes, Landscapes of a Heart, Whispers of a Soul|Our tenderness, compassion and kindness go with sensitive generous heart that should not be abused by others.
Gore Vidal, At Home: Essays 1982-1988|I regard monotheism as the greatest disaster ever to befall the human race. I see no good in Judaism, Christianity, or Islam -- good people, yes, but any religion based on a single, well, frenzied and virulent god, is not as useful to the human race as, say, Confucianism, which is not a religion but an ethical and educational system.
Harley King|Sometimes we fight who we are, struggling against ourselves and our natures. But we must learn to accept who we are and appreciate who we become. We must love ourselves for what and who we are, and believe in our talents.
Isabel Quintero, Gabi, a Girl in Pieces|Living a lie is painful, and doesn’t do anyone any good. I had to be true to myself, because, either way, God would know if I was lying.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Not everyone was privileged to see another sunrise like you did, so before you start complaining remember that the breath of life isn't for sale.
Wallace Stevens|I do not know which to prefer,The beauty of inflectionsOr the beauty of innuendosThe blackbird whistlingOr just after.
Debasish Mridha|When you try hard to find happiness for other, you will unknowingly find yourself on the island of happiness.
Shakti Gawain|There is as much wisdom in listening as there is in speaking - and that goes for all relationships, not just romantic ones.
Abhijit Naskar|Prosthetics can fix physical disabilities. But no prosthetic can fix an amputated spirit. So, don't let the society devoid you from your own spirit. Be brave and upright, and delve into even the depth of doom to achieve your goal.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Whenever a man denounces the mind, it is because his goal is of a nature the mind would not permit him to confess.
Julie Klassen, The Dancing Master|Embrace your beautiful mess of a life with your child. No matter how hard it gets, do not disengage... Do something—anything—to connect with and guide your child today. Parenting is an adventure of the greatest significance. It is your legacy." - Andy Kerckhoff, from Critical Connection
Jesse Ventura|And I pray thee, loving Jesus, that as Thou hast graciously given me to drink in with delight the words of Thy knowledge, so Thou wouldst mercifully grant me to attain one day to Thee, the fountain of all wisdom and to appear forever before Thy face.
Gabrielle Zevin, All These Things I've Done|I wanted to capture what language ability tests could never reveal: her intent, her passion, her imagery, the rhythms of her speech and the nature of her thoughts.
E. Lockhart, Real Live Boyfriends: Yes. Boyfriends, Plural. If My Life Weren't Complicated, I Wouldn't Be Ruby Oliver|Gideon laughed. "I like to be direct.""Okay," I said. "But I warn you, I like to be evasive, inserutable and generally send mixed messages." "I doubt it.""Human interaction is not my strong point," I told him. "Not seriously.""Seriously," I said. Thinking: There is so much about me he doesn't know. Gideon put his hand on my leg. "What's your strong point, then?""Goats," I told him. "I am excellent with goats.
Timothy Zahn, Heir to the Empire|But she wasn't a serving girl in a Phorliss cantina this time, or a come-up flector for a swoop gang on Caprioril, or even a hyperdrive mechanic stuck in the backwater of the Ison Corridor. She was second in command to the most powerful smuggler in the galaxy, with the kind of resources and mobility she hadn't had since the death of the Emperor. [p] The kind of resources that would let her find Luke Skywalker again. And kill him
Anatole France|It is the certainty that they possess the truth that makes men cruel. -Anatole France, novelist, essayist, Nobel laureate (1844-1924)
Alice James|If I can get on to my sofa and occupy myself for four hours, at intervals through the day, scribbling my notes, and able to read the books that belong to me, in that they clarify the density, and shape the formless mass within, life seems inconceivably rich...
Anthony Browne|When you think about such fine actors as Maggie Smith or Michael Gambon, they do all mediums. I think it would be quite sad and a bit dull just to have to stick to one. I like all of them.
Alice Hoffman, The Dovekeepers|Still anyone who trusts a serpent deserves its bite. The wise see a creature for what it is, not what it says it may be.
Debasish Mridha|Oh my love, you are my life boat in the ocean of my life.
Story Musgrave|Art and science are intrinsically the same except for one thing. The universe is in control of your science, whether it's right or wrong, and the public are in control of your art - if they're going to buy it, if you're going to make a living that way.
Robert Fanney|In my experience, nothing worthwhile has ever really been all that easy. But it certainly has been worthwhile regardless how difficult it seemed. 
D.R. Khashaba|Seduced by the spectacular theoretical and practical successes of the objective sciences into thinking that the methods and criteria of those sciences were the only means to truth, philosophers sought to apply those same methods and criteria to questions relating to the meaning of life and the values that give meaning to life. Philosophy, especially the Analytical species prevalent in the English-speaking world, was broken up into specialized disciplines and fragmented into particular problems, all swayed and impregnated by scientism, reductionism, and relativism. All questions of meaning and value were consigned to the rubbish heap of 'metaphysical nonsense'.
Sonny Perdue|The one thing I've always said: Let your family and close friends be the judge of who you are as a person. Don't worry about being judged by others who don't know you, because your family and close friends know what you're all about, good and bad.
T.H. White, The Book of Merlyn: The Unpublished Conclusion to The Once & Future King|He caught a glimpse of that extraordinary faculty in man, that strange, altruistic, rare, and obstinate decency which will make writers or scientists maintain their truths at the risk of death. Eppur si muove, Galileo was to say; it moves all the same. They were to be in a position to burn him if he would go on with it, with his preposterous nonsense about the earth moving round the sun, but he was to continue with the sublime assertion because there was something which he valued more than himself. The Truth. To recognize and to acknowledge What Is. That was the thing which man could do, which his English could do, his beloved, his sleeping, his now defenceless English. They might be stupid, ferocious, unpolitical, almost hopeless. But here and there, oh so seldome, oh so rare, oh so glorious, there were those all the same who would face the rack, the executioner, and even utter extinction, in the cause of something greater than themselves. Truth, that strange thing, the jest of Pilate's. Many stupid young men had thought they were dying for it, and many would continue to die for it, perhaps for a thousand years. They did not have to be right about their truth, as Galileo was to be. It was enough that they, the few and martyred, should establish a greatness, a thing above the sum of all they ignorantly had.
Germany Kent|Everything happens for a reason. Wait on God and trust in Him. He wants the best for us. He wants to take us from glory to glory, and from victory to victory.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|Nature a, (ce crains-je) elle mesme attaché à l'homme quelque instinct à l'inhumanité
Jill Williamson, Captives|Just make sure that the thing you're living for is worth dying for." --Levi
G.A. Aiken|I felt like he was hiding so much, that I wasn't even seeing the real Garret at all, and the more I hung out with him, the more I would learn.Also being with him did strange, twisty things to my insides. My dragon instincts did not approve; they still didn't like this human with his amazing reflexes and bright, intense eyes. The eyes of a predator. But there was another part of me that just couldn't resist.
RKSJ, A Short Affair Called Life|The great secret in salam is it brings love, tranquility and peace to the person receiving the greeting.
Avi, Sometimes I Think I Hear My Name|She swallowed and looked down at the artichoke petals piled neatly on the side of her plate. Her center certainly felt like it was melting, growing soft and wet just from the rasp of Mr. O’Connor’s voice. Why should a man already devilishly handsome also have a voice that could charm birds from the sky? It simply wasn’t fair.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|remember when God has answered you, it no longer matters who has been against you but for Him to answer you and change your story, you have to make up your mind to disobey the wrong order, change the status quo and BE DIFFERENT!
Lailah Gifty Akita|Worry only wears the body, soul and the spirit.
Brent Reilly|These are lines from my asteroid-impact novel, Regolith:Just because there are no laws against stupidity doesn’t mean it shouldn’t be punished.I haven’t faced rejection this brutal since I was single.He smelled trouble like a fart in the shower.If this was a kiss of gratitude, then she must have been very grateful. Not since Bush and Cheney have so few spent so much so fast for so long for so little.As a nympho for mind-fucks, Lisa took to politics like a pig to mud. She began paying men compliments as if she expected a receipt. Like the Aerosmith song, his get-up-and-go just got-up-and-went. “You couldn’t beat the crap out of a dirty diaper!”He embraced his only daughter as if she was deploying to Iraq.She was hotter than a Class 4 solar flare! If sex was a weapon, then Monique possessed WMDI haven’t felt this alive since I lost my virginity.He once read that 95% of women fake organism, and the rest are gay. Beauty may be in the eyes of the beholder, but ugly is universal. Why do wives fart, but not girlfriends? Adultery is sex that is wrong, but not necessarily bad. The dinosaurs stayed drugged out, drooling like Jonas Brothers fans. Silence filled the room like tear gas. The told him a fraction of the truth and hoped it would take just a fraction of the time. Happiness is the best cosmetic, He was a whale of a catch, and there were a lot of fish in the sea eager to nibble on his bait. Cheap hookers are less buck for the bang,Men cannot fall in love with women they don’t find attractive, and women cannot fall in love with men they do not respect.During sex, men want feedback while women expect mind-reading. Cooper looked like a cow about to be tipped over.His father warned him to never do anything he couldn’t justify on Oprah. The poor are not free -- they’re just not enslaved. Only those with money are free.Sperm wasn’t something he would choose on a menu, but it still tasted better than asparagus. The crater looked alive, like Godzilla was about to leap out and mess up Tokyo. Bush follows the Bible until it gets to Jesus. When Bush talks to God, it’s prayer; when God talks to Bush, it’s policy. Cheney called the new Miss America a traitor – apparently she wished for world peace. Cheney was so unpopular that Bush almost replaced him when running for re-election, changing his campaign slogan to, ‘Ain’t Got Dick.’ Bush fought a war on poverty – and the poor lost. Bush thinks we should strengthen the dollar by making it two-ply. Hurricane Katrina got rid of so many Democratic voters that Republicans have started calling her Kathleen Harris. America and Iraq fought a war and Iran won. Bush hasn’t choked this much since his last pretzel.Some wars are unpopular; the rest are victorious. So many conservatives hate the GOP that they are thinking of changing their name to the Dixie Chicks. If Saddam had any WMD, he would have used them when we invaded. If Bush had any brains, he would have used them when we invaded. It’s hard for Bush to win hearts and minds since he has neither. In Iraq, you are a coward if you leave and a fool if you stay. Bush believes it’s not a sin to kill Muslims since they are going to Hell anyway. And, with Bush’s help, soon. In Iraq, those who make their constitution subservient to their religion are called Muslims. In America they’re called Republicans. With great power comes great responsibility – unless you’re Republican.
Harold Norse, In the Hub of the Fiery Force: Collected Poems, 1934-2003|The fiery force is nothing more than the life force as we know it. It is the flame of desire and love, of sex and beauty, of pleasure and joy as we consume and are consumed, as we burn with pleasure and burn out in time.
David Gilmour|It is an example of what films can do, how they can slip past your defenses and really break your heart.
Jonathan Franzen, Freedom|Laws, it is said, are for the protection of the people. It's unfortunate that there are no statistics on the number of lives that are clobbered yearly as a result of laws: outmoded laws; laws that found their way onto the books as a result of ignorance, hysteria or political haymaking; antilife laws; biased laws; laws that pretend that reality is fixed and nature is definable; laws that deny people the right to refuse protection. A survey such as that could keep a dozen dull sociologists out of mischief for months.
Deyth Banger|By manipulating the physical configuration of [any situation], you make it produce a subset of the infinite pattern of [possibilities]. And even if you don't know how to play [above situation], you can still play with it.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|The terrible thing, the almost impossible thing, is to hand over your whole self--all your wishes and precautions--to Christ. But it is far easier than what we are all trying to do instead. For what we are trying to do is to remain what we call "ourselves," to keep personal happiness as our great aim in life, and yet at the same time be "good.
Richard Wright, Black Boy|I went to work, but the mood of the book would not die; it lingered, coloring everything I saw, heard, did. I now felt that I knew what the white man were feeling. Merely because I had read a book that had spoken of how they lived and thought, I identified myself with that book.
Yawatta Hosby, Twisted Obsession|How dare she not give in to his "vulnerability." There was only so much rejection he could take.
Kerri Maniscalco, Hunting Prince Dracula|For there are no limits to the stars, their numbers infinite. Which is precisely why I measure my love for you by the stars. An amount too boundless to count.
Anne Fortier, The Lost Sisterhood|O, that's a brave man! He writes brave versrs, speaks brave words, swears brave oaths, and breaks them bravely,
Michael  Grant, Plague|Little Pete. He’s not exactly just Astrid’s autistic brother.” He explained briefly while Toto added a chorus of “Sam believes that’s true” remarks.“How do we get Little Pete to do anything?” Dekka asked.“The last time Little Pete felt mortal danger he made the FAYZ,” Sam said. “He needs to be in mortal danger again.”Jack and Dekka exchanged a wary look, each wondering what the other had known or guessed about Little Pete.“Little Pete?” Jack asked. “That little kid has that kind of power?”“Yes,” Sam said simply. “Next to Pete, me, Caine, all of us, we’re like . . . like popguns compared to a cannon. We don’t even know what the limits of his powers are,” Sam said. “What we do know is we can’t communicate with him very well. We can’t even guess what he’s thinking.”“Little Pete,” Dekka muttered and shook her head. “I knew he was important, I got that a long time ago. But he can do that? He has that kind of power?” She pondered for a moment, nodded, and said, “I see why you kept it secret. It’s like having a nuclear weapon in the hands of, well, a little autistic kid.
John Keats, Ode on a Grecian Urn and Other Poems|Heard melodies are sweet, but those unheard, are sweeter
Scott Hawkins, The Library at Mount Char|Are you a Buddhist?""No, I'm an asshole. But I keep trying.
Hafiz Shirazi|I have become so accustomed to think “scientifically” that I am afraid even to imagine that there may be something else beyond the outer covering of life. I feel like a man condemned to death, whose companions have been hanged and who has already become reconciled to the thought that the same fate awaits him.
Pema Chödrön, When Things Fall Apart: Heart Advice for Difficult Times|Our minds of infinite possibilities have been plowed, seeded and cultivated by every word, institution and sacred belief we hold dear, to produce a foul harvest of exclusion, apathy, brute domination and death.
Vanessa Hudgens|The only people that you really have, that I learned, are your family, because they love you no matter what.
R.A. Salvatore, Passage to Dawn|Do you love him?" Danica dared to ask, referring ro the dark elf.Catti-brie blushed, and really had no answer. Of course she loved Drizzt, but she didn't know if she loved him in the way that Danica was speaking of. Drizzt and Catti-brie had agreed to put off any such feelings, but now, with Wulfgar gone for so many years and Catti-brie approaching the age of thirty, the question was beginning to resurface."He is a handsome one," Danica remarkedm giggling like a little girl.Indeed, that's what Catti-brie felt like, reclining on the wide davenport in Danica's sitting room: a girl. It was like being a teenager again, thinking of love and of life, allowing herself to believe that her biggest problem was in trying to decide if Drizzt was handsome or not,Of course, the weight of reality for both these women was fast to intrude, fast to steal the giggles. Catti-brie had loved and lost, and Danica, with two young children of her own, had to face the possibility that her husband, unnaturally aged by the creation of the Spirit Soaring, would soon be gone.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Only the Christian faith claims that its Leader died and rose again and is alive at this moment. Many gravestones carry the inscription, “Here lies . . . ,” but on Christ’s tomb are emblazoned the words, “He is not here.
Joe Hill, NOS4A2|When we learn to loosen our grip and leave our own beaten path, accepting his perfect plan, we give God the opportunity to be our navigator as he reveals the beauty of his creation.
Sherilee Gray, Revved|Christ, you have a body made for sin.
Ella Henderson|The relationship with the cast has everything to do with how a performance develops, and in a sense that while you're discovering a play in the course of rehearsal with the director, you're also discovering it with your fellow actors. We're all in it together.
Sarah J. Maas, Throne of Glass|Why this fuss about understanding women?! It's so simple. All we want is everything, no compromises.
Corinne Maier, Einstein|Daddy, I don't like military parades. I never want to be like those people who march rank and file to music - they were given brains by mistake.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|I’ll tell them,” she said. “I’ll tell them it was my fault.”He looked at her, gold eyes incredulous. “You can’t lie to them.”“I’m not. I brought you back,” she said. “You were dead, and I brought you back. I upset the balance, not you. I opened the door for Lilith and her stupid ritual. I could have asked for anything, and I asked for you.” She tightened her grip on his shirt, her fingers white with cold and pressure. “And I would do it again. I love you, Jace Wayland—Herondale—Lightwood—whatever you want to call yourself. I don’t care. I love you and I wil always love you, and pretending it could be any other way is just a waste of time.
Alison McGhee, All Rivers Flow To The Sea|Blessed is the man who, having nothing to say, abstains from giving us wordy evidence of the fact.
Debasish Mridha|Go slow, my life, go slow. Let me enjoy the beauty of silence, serenity, and solitude.
Karel Čapek, War with the Newts|,It must be pretty awful for a white man to learn that one of the things wrong with this society is that it is not based on dollars directly or alone, but dollars denied men who are black so dollars can go into the pockets of men who are white. It must make white men ponder a kind of weakness that will make them deny work to black men so that work can be done by men who are white.
Karl Barth, Evangelical Theology: An Introduction|The author says that theologian operates with windows open to the interest of the world, but also with a skylight that allows full awareness of prayer.
Mary Frances Berry, Five Dollars and a Pork Chop Sandwich: Vote Buying and the Corruption of Democracy|Public disinterest in punishing illegal vote buying means that local prosecutors rarely pursue charges against their fellow elected colleagues....Yet the inclination no matter how small, to blame the most vulnerable citizens for fraud is misdirected.....Any outrage over fraud should be reserved for the candidates who buy their votes, neglect the issues that concern the poor, and studiously refuse to implement policies that could help them.
Anthony Trollope, Framley Parsonage|The only way I could describe what kissing him felt like was, like the last day of school, knowing that months of freedom and sunshine lay before you, the feeling that you could do anything you wanted and time stretched out in endless possibilities.
Suzi Quatro|We should tell our kids to just have fun, participate and not get bent on winning or losing. But every coach, when they say that, they say it tongue in cheek, 'Don't worry about winning': If you win I'll get you ice cream, but if you lose I'm going to pout in the car.
Siri Hustvedt, The Blindfold|Do you know that I can't remember her face? Try as I may, it will not be conjured. I can tell you what she looked like; I can recite a description of her features, part by part, but I cannot evoke the whole face.''Don't you have a photograph?''Photographs!' He spat out the word. 'I'm talking about true recollection - seeing the face.
the prophet Muḥammad|All men are created equal, it is only men themselves who place themselves above equality. 
Joseph Priestley|London has such an unbelievable respect for theater, where L.A. does not. You go to a play here, and the dude next to you is sleeping. In London, if you're not in your seat when it starts, they lock the door. In Los Angeles, you can stroll into school late with a cup of coffee. In London, you get your butt to class on time.
Carlos Wallace|Some people applaud my no nonsense approach to life. Others say my methods are “extreme”. Where I’m headed and how I get there is between me and my God. So, if you don’t know where I’m going, how can you suggest I’m taking things too far?
T.K. Naliaka|The truth for a man, it's what makes him a man.
Isabelle Hardesty, Legends of the Dragon Vol. 1|Be careful mi amor, don't hurt anyone this time." Cordia reminded Jade.
David Pearce|A lot of people recoil from the word "drugs" - which is understandable given today's noxious street drugs and their uninspiring medical counterparts. Yet even academics and intellectuals in our society typically take the prototypical dumb drug, ethyl alcohol. If it's socially acceptable to take a drug that makes you temporarily happy and stupid, then why not rationally design drugs to make people perpetually happier and smarter? Presumably, in order to limit abuse-potential, one would want any ideal pleasure drug to be akin - in one limited but important sense - to nicotine, where the smoker's brain finely calibrates its optimal level: there is no uncontrolled dose-escalation.
Barack Obama|As far as your personal goals are and what you actually want to do with your life, it should never have to do with the government. You should never depend on the government for your retirement, your financial security, for anything. If you do, you're screwed.
Abdu'l-Bahá|.... just find your way, like a river settling into its bed, and the sigh of the wind over a lake, light but restful... content with the joy in the arc of an arm throwing a ball for a dog to fetch, the ease of the grassy slope stretching away, birds in the trees singing sweet high notes, flowers growing close in the ditch.
Ava Gardner|I wish to live to 150 years old, but the day I die, I wish it to be with a cigarette in one hand and a glass of whiskey in the other.
Jay Abraham, The Sticking Point Solution: 9 Ways to Move Your Business from Stagnation to Stunning Growth InTough Economic Times|How often had she wondered what would have happened if she'd remained with Jonathan? Not often, but regularly over the years. It was impossible not to have imagined that rejected future, a life of many countries, of vast and enduring adventure, of tiny rooms and rental houses. It was the sense of missed opportunity that returned to her, frightening but real, overwhelmingly real.
Anthony T. Hincks|When Mother Nature turns on us, I hope that she doesn't show the same compassion that we, humans, show to the environment and all the other life here on Earth.
Richard Dawkins, River Out of Eden: A Darwinian View of Life|The total amount of suffering per year in the natural world is beyond all decent contemplation. During the minute that it takes me to compose this sentence, thousands of animals are being eaten alive, many others are running for their lives, whimpering with fear, others are slowly being devoured from within by rasping parasites, thousands of all kinds are dying of starvation, thirst, and disease. It must be so. If there ever is a time of plenty, this very fact will automatically lead to an increase in the population until the natural state of starvation and misery is restored. In a universe of electrons and selfish genes, blind physical forces and genetic replication, some people are going to get hurt, other people are going to get lucky, and you won't find any rhyme or reason in it, nor any justice. The universe that we observe has precisely the properties we should expect if there is, at bottom, no design, no purpose, no evil, no good, nothing but pitiless indifference.
Cherise Sinclair, Make Me, Sir|Darlin’, I wasn’t just a Boy Scout, I was an Eagle Scout.
Ramana Pemmaraju|We have mainly been taught to just stay in the church, be faithful, serve the church, and serve the man of God.
Dwyane Wade|There's a certain darkness to Slipknot, but at the same time, there's a very strong dose of positivity. Stone Sour is the same way. There's a certain melancholy that comes with the slower stuff, but at the end of the day there's also that other side that is very positive. It's all how you deliver.
Lauren Oliver, Rooms|It was unfair that people could pretend to be one thing when they were really something else. That they would get you on their side and then do nothing but fail, and fail, and fail again. People should come with warnings, like cigarette packs: involvement would kill you over time.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|I regard the Klan, the Anglo-Saxon clubs and White American societies, as far as the Negro is concerned, as better friends of the race than all other groups of hypocritical whites put together.
Willard Van Orman Quine|I was certain about this: In the best new language, there would be no words for me or you. Those words have caused all the trouble started by the old languages. In any new language, there should only be we.
Virginia Alison|Do no drown me with mediocrity, give me passion, desire, make me inhale breaths of lust and love in the dark hours that tingle down my spine...
Kathleen Hayes|They’re like sharks. Circling. Cute, single guy, good job, nice car. It’s all they know about me.”His tone was light but his expression serious.Maybe that’s because it’s all you show them.”Maybe it’s all they want to see.
Neetesh Dixit|Each Fable is inspired by some true stories which doesn't have an happy ending, unlike the Fable.
Mark Twain|If we would learn what the human race really is at bottom, we need only observe it in election times.
David Platt, Radical: Taking Back Your Faith from the American Dream|His hands are on my back, in my hair, on my hips. His fingers move like I'm Braille, like he's trying to read me just by touching me.
Nicole Edwards, Zane|She was unique: there was something abnormal about her, and it was that abnormal something that made her magnetic.
Haruki Murakami, What I Talk About When I Talk About Running|Every morning in Africa, a gazelle wakes up, it knows it must outrun the fastest lion or it will be killed. Every morning in Africa, a lion wakes up. It knows it must run faster than the slowest gazelle, or it will starve. It doesn't matter whether you're the lion or a gazelle-when the sun comes up, you'd better be running.
Kody Keplinger, The DUFF: Designated Ugly Fat Friend|No matter where you go or what you do to distract yourself, reality catches up with you eventually
Lou Gramm|For me, juicing isn't about binging and cleansing; I try to incorporate it into a balanced diet.
Julie   Johnson, The Monday Girl|I find some small, twisted comfort in thinking that perhaps we used each other. Him, for a glimpse into what it would be like to live a life entirely different from the one he'd been raised to desire, and me for the steady diet of angst and emotional damage that seemed to make me better, sharper, like a sword against a whetstone.I was his intellectual escape from a long parade of pretty, empty girls... and he was my drug of choice -- unhealthy, probably lethal, but ultimately so addictive it was hard to turn away.The problem, of course, with this theory of mutual exploitation, is that it is the deepest of lies. There was nothing equal or mutual about the way we used each other. I barely scratched his surface while he sliced me limb from limb.There's no comfort in that. None at all.
Paulo Coelho, The Alchemist|You know I'm no squealer, Harry.''You're a rummy. But no matter how rum dumb you get, if you ever talk about that, I promise you.''I'm a good man,' he said. 'You oughtn't to talk to me like that.''They can't make it fast enough to keep you a good man,' I told him. But I didn't worry about him any more because who was going to believe him?
Sarah Holman, Distorted Glass: A Snow Queen Story|God offered the greatest and most wonderful gift freely, while we were still sinners. It is a gift for any and every one, no matter how broken, how far, or how dark. He didn’t require us to change before we came, but offered a way out while we were at our worst.
J.E.B. Spredemann, A Secret of the Heart|To deny the existence of God would be to close your eyes to the beauty around you, to close your ears to the symphony of nature, to close your nostrils to the scents wafting on the breeze, to close your mouth to the delicacies of nourishment, to close your hands to the feel of luxury, to close your mind to the ability to think, and to close your heart to the only love that can penetrate the depths of the soul. For in Him all things consist, in Him we live, and move, and have our being, and without Him we cannot help but be fools.
Angelica Hopes|Poverty advances discrimination and corruption because society classifies the rich and poor. Poverty augments anger, selfishness, hatred and envy among the people.Poverty entwined with desperation ends up in violence." - Angelica Hopes, an excerpt from If I Could Tell You
Noël Coward, Design for Living|a Philosopher could not grasp the modern idea of progress ... until he was willing to abandon ancestor worship, until he analyzed away his inferiority complex toward the past, and realized that his own generation was superior to any yet known
James Lovelock|For this reason, the expansion of relations with all countries is on the agenda of the Islamic Republic of Iran. I mean balanced relationships, based on mutual respect and observation of each other's rights.
Katherine A. Briccetti|To have my life accepted as just another ordinary life, to have it viewed as common and regular, was a singular moment.
Lisa Genova, Still Alice|The well-being of a neuron depends on its ability to communicate with other neurons. Studies have shown that electrical and chemical stimulation from both a neuron's inputs and its targets support vital cellular processes. Neurons unable to connect effectively with other neurons atrophy. Useless, an abandoned neuron will die. 
Amity Shlaes|I'd like to see people pay attention to the science of hip hop. The knowledge part, the political side of what hip hop could do, or where hip hop is gonna go. I always say it's gonna become universal as we become a galactic union.
Etgar Keret, The Nimrod Flipout: Stories|It's amazing how people can sound like retards when they're talking to their girlfriend, especially if they really love her a lot. Because when you're just fucking someone you make a point of keeping your cool, but when you're really in love - it can sound pretty repulsive.
Lewis Carroll|Alice sighed wearily. `I think you might do something better with the time,' she said, `than waste it in asking riddles that have no answers.'`If you knew Time as well as I do,' said the Hatter, `you wouldn't talk about wasting it. It's him.'`I don't know what you mean,' said Alice.`Of course you don't!' the Hatter said, tossing his head contemptuously. `I dare say you never even spoke to Time!'`Perhaps not,' Alice cautiously replied: `but I know I have to beat time when I learn music.'`Ah! that accounts for it,' said the Hatter. `He won't stand beating. Now, if you only kept on good terms with him, he'd do almost anything you liked with the clock. For instance, suppose it were nine o'clock in the morning, just time to begin lessons: you'd only have to whisper a hint to Time, and round goes the clock in a twinkling! Half-past one, time for dinner!
Zoe York, Between Then and Now|If she’d had any doubts he was a real deal country boy, they disappeared when he unabashedly stripped down to nothing—the sun had kissed his arms to mid-bicep, although his torso wasn’t without a faint tan. She’d thought lazily that maybe he had a pond. She’d like to go skinny dipping with him. Leap onto his back and wrap her legs around his lean hips. Hold on to his broad shoulders and press her naked breasts into his back and drift into the cool water together.As he opened his button-fly jeans, revealing snug briefs underneath, she’d whispered for him to stop. He was hard and sinewy in all the right places, with shadows and valleys she wanted to explore with her mouth and hands and eyes, but her touch first went to the line where dark faded to light on his arm, neatly following the curve of his muscles. “Nice farmer’s tan.
F. Paul Wilson, Conspiracies|Jesus paid for our sins, so let's get our money's worth.
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Creatures|It’s funny how you can live somewhere your whole life, but not really see it.
Vladimir Nabokov, Speak, Memory|I see again my schoolroom in Vyra, the blue roses of the wallpaper, the open window.… Everything is as it should be, nothing will ever change, nobody will ever die.
Tucker Elliot, The Rainy Season|How deaf and stupid I have been, he thought, walking on quickly. When anyone reads anything which he wishes to study, he does not despise the letters and punctuation marks, and call them illusion, chance and worthless shells, but he reads them, he studies and loves them, letter by letter. But I, who wished to read the book of the world and of my own nature, did presume to despise the letters and signs. I called the world of appearances, illusion. I called my eyes and tongue, chance. Now it is over; I have awakened.
Hugh Halter|Jesus is not saying, “Make sure you pray a prayer of repentance, start going to church, and wait for Me to come back.” He is saying, “You can live a radically different life because there’s a new world order that just broke in, so stop walking in the direction you’re going, turn 180 degrees, and walk toward Me and life in the kingdom of God.”Halter, Hugh (2014-02-01). Flesh: Bringing the Incarnation Down to Earth (p. 53). David C. Cook. Kindle Edition.
Alane Ferguson, The Dying Breath|Always be straight with flexibility and positive; it is medicine for two, first for your in health and second your wounded enemy.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|I have no duty to be anyone's Friend and no man in the world has a duty to be mine. No claims, no shadow of necessity. Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art, like the universe itself (for God did not need to create). It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things which give value to survival.
C.L. Werner, Wolf of Sigmar|Only one advantage still remained to Mandred, an edge that Vrrmik could never take from him. The soldiers who marched behind his banner were men and it was the hearts of men that beat within their breasts, hearts that could be moved to selflessness, could be stirred to valour and fired with courage. However numerous Vrrmik’s horde, they were skaven, they were cringing beasts driven by fear and greed, incapable of believing in anything more vital than their own skins. Terror and avarice were the forces that drove them on, but such things could only stretch so far, overcome only so much. Mandred’s troops could endure more than Vrrmik’s monsters. That was the one strength the skaven could never equal.
Donald Bradman|In the closeness of the passage, the queen could smell the other woman's perfume, a musky scent that spoke of moss and earth and wildflowers. Under it, she smelled ambition.
Chris Dee, World's Finest: Red Cape, Big City|The Batcave is a monument… to his pain. The cave is more than his war room. He might think of it that way, all the tools and resources he’s assembled for his work. But that’s not it at all. The Batcave is a monument to his pain. And this morning, the way he’s hurting, it was the last place he would come.
Jeannie Davide-Rivera, Twirling Naked in the Streets and No One Noticed: Growing Up With Undiagnosed Autism|I fear depression - intensely. It is by far the most painful ailment I have ever faced. It is the thing that slammed into me, ran me over repeatedly, and then kicked me in the head when I was down. I struggled for change, for understanding, to figure out what was "wrong" with me - no one knew. Or at least, they didn't guess correctly.
Ahmed Alibage|According to the reality, I assume that we are not going to meet again. Yet, I do believe that we have met for a reason
Mary E. Pearson, The Kiss of Deception|The fate of all things cherished and expensive, to be lost at hazard, and well before their time
Janet Evanovich, Eleven on Top|Ignore him," Heather begged. "I do. Constantly." Jean-Luc studied the coach, then turned to Heather with a wary look. "Every man in this town wants you." She laughed. "Yea, right. The old guys from the nursing home go into cardiac arrest whenever I walk by." His gaze drifted over her. "I can believe that.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari|Life is not about in what we are living , in happy or in pain,in poor or rich,but its all about how we are living ,index of human is only honesty in character and self respect, Best Thing we can do in life its honesty,honesty with Self and with others also But we Can't be honest with others if we are not with our self, Our Soul Leave our body when we die,but our soul meet with us when we on death bed.
Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life|Toni Morrison said, "The function of freedom is to free someone else," and if you are no longer wracked or in bondage to a person or a way of life, tell your story. Risk freeing someone else. Not everyone will be glad that you did. Members of your family and other critics may wish you had kept your secrets. Oh, well, what are you going to do? Get it all down. Let it pour out of you and onto the page. Write an incredibly shitty, self-indulgent, whiny, mewling first draft. Then take out as many of the excesses as you can.
Aria Kane, Once Upon a Darkness|Gretchen," Clint said, his voice full of the same luscious agony Gretchen felt building inside of her. "I'm going to kiss you." He was giving her one last chance to back out, to push him away. That was not going to happen.Her mouth twisted with amusement. "Not if I kiss you first.
Aditya Ajmera|Amidst all the bacchanal and confusion in your life, find something to be grateful for, even if it is the air that you breath and trust me, this will transform you in some small way. Gratitude is really really the great multiplier.
Philip K. Dick, VALIS|Fear can make you do more wrong than hate or jealousy... fear makes you always, always hold something back.
Anna Smaill, The Chimes|Darwin said if you made a list of eminent men, next of a list of eminent women, it was obvious that men were better at everything.
Shayne Silvers, Obsidian Son|Love is precious, and shouldn’t be wasted on every passing whim, or it will mean nothing by the time you truly wish to share it with someone who matters.” I said softly.Silvers, Shayne (2012-10-08). Obsidian Son: A Novel In The Nate Temple Supernatural Thriller Series (The Temple Chronicles Book 1) (p. 194). Argento Publishing. Kindle Edition.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|Falling in love, we said; I fell for him. We were falling women. We believed in it, this downward motion: so lovely, like flying, and yet at the same time so dire, so extreme, so unlikely. God is love, they once said, but we reversed that, and love, like heaven, was always just around the corner. The more difficult it was to love the particular man beside us, the more we believed in Love, abstract and total. We were waiting, always, for the incarnation. That word, made flesh.And sometimes it happened, for a time. That kind of love comes and goes and is hard to remember afterwards, like pain. You would look at the man one day and you would think, I loved you, and the tense would be past, and you would be filled with a sense of wonder, because it was such an amazing and precarious and dumb thing to have done; and you would know too why your friends had been evasive about it, at the time.There is a good deal of comfort, now, in remembering this.
Hunter S. Thompson|If one has curiosity, then one stands the chance of attain a high level of scientific inquiry.
Charbel Tadros|Some people are not meant to live together, for they will destroy one another and annihilate themselves. Wolves and sheep cannot be put in the same place, for after eating the sheep, the wolves will starve to death.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Words provide a voice to our deepest feelings. I tell you, words have started and stopped wars. Words have built and lost fortunes. Words have saved and taken lives. Words have won and lost great kingdoms. Even Buddha said, 'Whatever words we utter should be chosen with care, for people will hear them and be influenced by them for good or ill.
Beth Revis, The Body Electric|We are, at least in part, who we remember ourselves to be. Take away our memories, and you take away our selves.
Abhijit Naskar|Biologically speaking, you are the child of Mother Nature, and neurologically speaking, you are the heirs of immortal bliss.
David Carson|Inspiration comes from within yourself. One has to be positive. When you're positive, good things happen.
Lauren Oliver, Requiem|With the cure, relationships are all the same, and rules and expectations are defined. Without the cure, relationships must be reinvented every day, languages constantly decoded and deciphered. Freedom is exhausting.
Richard Wright, Black Boy|If I'm walking down an American street and anyone darker than a peanut shell approaches, I'll say, "Hello." This because, if I don't say it, he or she might think that I'm anxious. Which, of course, I must be, otherwise I'd walk by in silence, just as I do with my fellow Caucasians.Does this make me racist, or simply race conscious? Either way, I'm more afraid of conservatives than I am of black people.
Aisha Tyler|I've always loved video games. I played 'Ms. Pac-man' with my dad, and I Ioved 'Galaga' and 'Tempest' and grew up on the standing arcade games. Even to this day, my dad will call me if he's playing 'Ms. Pac-man' and hold the phone up to the game.
The Catholic Church, Liturgy of the Hours|Make us love and obey you so that the works of our hands may always display what your hands have done, until we gaze upon the beauty of your face.
Lois McMaster Bujold, Paladin of Souls|The wheel of Rome spins constantly. Gods rise and fall, mortals live and die, and round and round we go. We all play a part in that wheel... And I make sure the wheel never stops spinning. You see, if the wheel stops, balance is lost.
Matthew Arnold, Dover Beach and Other Poems|Ah, love, let us be true To one another! for the world, which seems To lie before us like a land of dreams, So various, so beautiful, so new, Hath really neither joy, nor love, nor light, Nor certitude, nor peace, nor help for pain; And we are here as on a darkling plain Swept with confused alarms of struggle and flight, Where ignorant armies clash by night.
Kate Chopin|What did it matter! What could love, the unsolved mystery, count for in face of this possession of self-assertion which she suddenly recognized as the strongest impulse of her being! Free! Body and soul free! She kept whispering.
Mauricio Macri|The more anxious, isolated and time-deprived we are, the more likely we are to turn to paid personal services. To finance these extra services, we work longer hours. This leaves less time to spend with family, friends and neighbors; we become less likely to call on them for help, and they on us.
Zaeema J. Hussain, The Sky Is Purple|I am no longer a writer. Just an emotion. An emotion that is unable to stay within its own body, and is therefore, trying to make its way into yours.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|It is an incapacitating emotion one feels upon hearing the whispered words "I still love you" after deeply hurting that soul. Forgiveness isn't weakness.It is power.
Charles S. Stamper, DAILY VICTORY: 40 Day Devotional Inspired by the United States Armed Forces|The answer is always "No" until you ask. - Ref James 4:2
William James, The Principles of Psychology, Vol 1|Metaphysics means nothing but an unusually obstinate effort to think clearly. The fundamental conceptions of psychology are practically very clear to us, but theoretically they are very confused, and one easily makes the obscurest assumptions in this science without realizing, until challenged, what internal difficulties they involve.
Jaeda DeWalt|Art invites us to become explorers and excavators of our vast internal landscapes, discovering new terrain and digging deep into the past to unearth forgotten experiences and emotion.
Angelina Jolie|Even modern English people are imperious, superior, ridden by class. All of the hypocrisy and the difficulties that are endemic in being British also make it an incredibly fertile place culturally. A brilliant place to live. Sad but true.
Richard Carmona|Accountants, machinists, medical technicians, even software writers that write the software for 'machines' are being displaced without upscaled replacement jobs. Retrain, rehire into higher paying and value-added jobs? That may be the political myth of the modern era. There aren't enough of those jobs.
Geoff Dyer, Out of Sheer Rage: Wrestling With D.H. Lawrence|My greatest urge in life is to do nothing. It's not even an absence of motivation, a lack, for I do have a strong urge: to do nothing. To down tools, to stop. Except I know that if I do that I will fall into despair, and I know that it is worth doing anything in one's power to avoid depression because from there, from being depressed, it is only an imperceptible step to despair: the last refuge of the ego.
John Shelby Spong|As he becomes self-conscious, he's no longer part of nature.
Guru Nanak, Sri Guru Granth Sahib|For each and every person, our Lord and Master provides sustenance. Why are you so afraid, O mind? The flamingos fly hundreds of miles, leaving their young ones behind. Who feeds them, and who teaches them to feed themselves? Have you ever thought of this in your mind?
Terry Pratchett|You used," he said, and then took a sharp breath, "to call me Augustus.
Pablo Picasso Infant Toddler Center|The only disability that I have, is that I'm human.
Andrew Stephen Damick, Orthodoxy and Heterodoxy: Finding the Way to Christ in a Complicated Religious Landscape|The gross national product does not allow for the health of our children, the quality of their education or the joy of their play. It does not include the beauty of our poetry or the strength of our marriages; the intelligence of our public debate or the integrity of our public officials...it measures everything, in short, except that which makes life worthwhile.
Ellie Marney, Every Breath|We live in a world full of duplicity.We are surrounded by people with duplicitous nature.They will be shooting arrows to question our honesty at every step we make.Therefore,it is our duty to protect ourselves by using our integrity as an armor and march forward, victoriously.
Jenni Rivera, Unbreakable: My Story, My Way|I vowed that I would never tell anyone of my shame. They say that when you kept a secret, it eats you up inside, but I felt it was better that way. I wanted to appear strong in front of my children and my family. I didn't want anybody to know. And I would maintain my persona as Jenni, the Rivera Rebel who had never lost a fight. But deep down inside I knew I had lost a piece of myself that I would never recover. My soul had been shattered, but to the outside world I did just as I had been taught since I was a little girl; I kept my head up and continued forward. It is, after all, the Rivera way.
Chila Woychik, On Being a Rat and Other Observations|The unrelenting grip of Soldier’s Syndrome slips finger by slow finger. The marrow’s been affected—emotional leukemia at the deepest level. Transplants of love and friendship aid healing, yet time is still key, and the clock never ticks fast enough. Eternity gains perspective when seconds feel like years. How long have I been gone? Six eternities and counting.
Epictetus, Discourses and Selected Writings|The work is at such a high level and is so well executed, it really is a matter of taste... [Source: Project Runway — but consider, applied to the theme of book reviews, it seems apropos!]
Arthur Golden, Memoirs of a Geisha|I knew even then that she was right. An en is a karmic bond lasting a lifetime. Nowadays many people seem to believe their lives are entirely a matter of choice; but in my day we viewed ourselves as pieces of clay that forever show the fingerprints of everyone who has touched them. Nobu's touch had made a deeper impression on me than most. No one could tell me whether he would be my ultimate destiny, but I had always sensed the en between us. Somewhere in the landscape of my life Nobu would always be present. But could it really be that of all the lessons I'd learned, the hardest one lay just ahead of me? Would I really have to take each of my hopes and put them away where no one would ever see them again, where not even I would ever see them?
Elon Musk|I live a fairly simple life, and that didn't change much after I sold TechCrunch in 2010. I didn't buy a new house or even a new car. The one thing I did splurge on was a boat. Nothing too fancy or large.
Arturo Pérez-Reverte, The Flanders Panel|What I feel is that if one has got to have a murder actually happening in one's house, one might as well enjoy it, if you know what I mean.
Rachel Johnson|I live in a sort of insular world. It's mostly my family, my house, staying home and working.
Samuel Johnson|Resolve not to be poor: whatever you have, spend less. Poverty is a great enemy to human happiness; it certainly destroys liberty, and it makes some virtues impracticable, and others extremely difficult.
John  Williams|You must remember what you are and what you have chosen to become, and the significance of what you are doing. There are wars and defeats and victories of human race that are not military and that are not recorded in the annals of history. Remember that while you're trying to decide what do. - Archer Sloane from the book Stoner.
Benson Bruno, A Story That Talks about Talking Is Like Chatter to Chattering Teeth, and Every Set of Dentures Can Attest to the Fact That No..|When a lack of white blood cells exposes the horizon of being, one has to make a choice. To cloister yourself away in a germ-free environment, alive but alone, or to embrace the woman you love and catch your death of cold at the marriage ceremony? What a great show. It’s inner-directed script was unmatched by any other soap opera.
Dave Cullen, Columbine|One thoughtful Evangelical pastor said he approved of using the massacre for recruitment, as long as it was truly done for God. He bristled at "spiritual headhunters, just racking up another scalp. The Bible was never meant to be a club," he said. "If I'm using it as a weapon, that's really sad.
Ellen G. White|In the Christian faith, God really puts suffering front and center. He doesn't get squeamish about it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you believe in your dream with all your heart, you can achieve it.
Marcia Gay Harden|Someone once told me I'm a sore winner, and they're right. I rarely take more than a moment to enjoy a success before I'm moving on and looking for the next challenge.
Cat Stevens|Anytime I fall in love, I feel it's a first time. I have had no successful love story yet. I hope I will succeed next time when I fall in love.
Jeanette Winterson, Why Be Happy When You Could Be Normal?|I know now, after fifty years, that the finding/losing, forgetting/remembering, leaving/returning, never stops. The whole of life is about another chance, and while we are alive, till the very end, there is always another chance.
Kate Bush|I don't believe my house was haunted. I think I had an overactive imagination, and I was so convinced that those around me became convinced, too.
C. Robert Cargill, Dreams and Shadows|You know better than anyone that nothing lasts. Nothing good. Nothing bad. Everything lives. Everything dies. Sometimes cities just fall into the sea. It's not a tragedy, that's just the way it is. People look around them and see the world and say this is how the world is supposed to be. Then they fight to keep it that way. They believe that this is what was intended - whether by design or cosmic accident - and that everything exists in a tenuous balance that must be preserved. But the balance is bullshit. The only thing constant in this world is the speed at which things change. Rain falls, waters rise, shorelines erode. What is one day magnificent seaside property in ancient Greece is the next resting thirty feet below the surface. Islands rise from the sea and continents crack and part ways forever. What was once a verdant forest teeming with life is now resting one thousand feet beneath a sheet of ice in Antarctica; what was once a glorious church now rests at the bottom of a dammed-up lake in Kansas. The job of nature is to march on and keep things going; ours is to look around, appreciate it, and wonder what's next?
Susan Faludi, In the Darkroom|The camera only documented what had been there all along, a marriage whose foundations, constructed from the cheap materials of convention and fear, had been buckling for years.
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|As long as she thinks of a man, nobody objects to a woman thinking.
Dito Montiel, A Guide to Recognizing Your Saints|We were all the same. Kids from nowhere going nowhere. He always saw a light through the darkness. Knew the cracks let that light in, and that those cracks could suck you up.
Iain Banks, The Player of Games|...for all its apparent speed, the ship was almost perfectly silent, and he experienced an enervating, eerie feeling, as though the ancient warship, mothballed all those centuries, had somehow not yet fully woken up, and events within its sleek hull still moved to another, slower tempo, made half of dreams.
Aniruddha Sastikar|Oh, I have always been proud, I always wanted all or nothing! You see it was just because I am not one who will accept half a happiness, but always wanted all
David Platt, Radical: Taking Back Your Faith from the American Dream|My biggest fear, even now, is that I will hear Jesus' words and walk away, content to settle for less than radical obedience to Him. 
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we obey God, we will be happy.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|You can go home again, the General Temporal Theory asserts, so long as you understand that home is a place where you have never been.
Eugene Mirman, The Will to Whatevs: A Guide to Modern Life|If things are really overwhelming and you need to talk, you can give me a call at 347-273-2044.
Michael Treanor|When I think I can’t go anymore, I go anyway.
Abraham Lincoln|Hypocrite: The man who murdered his parents, and then pleaded for mercy on the grounds that he was an orphan.
Deyth Banger|People make moves like the Pawn.(Let's go in the real world, look how they walk, from one up two max blocks they can take... so far it's sounds like the moves of pawn. People can be the king and the queen...)
Shia LaBeouf|They're very, uh, you know, I don't come from the suburbs and a jolly, Disney type of lifestyle. I come from something totally different. And they're cool and bare minimum so it's not always a money issue for me.
Joe Perry|I don't believe in having one partner for your whole life, but I hope I get married. I want to have a husband and two kids and a nice little life baking pies. I'm quite romantic. It's definitely important to have someone make you feel special.
Jeff Nichols|I think that overall, the position - on a whole host of issues - should always be toward inclusion and equality.
Norton Juster, The Phantom Tollbooth|But why do only unimportant things?" asked Milo, who suddenly remembered how much time he spent each day doing them."Think of all the trouble it saves," the man explained, and his face looked as if he'd be grinning an evil grin--if he could grin at all. "If you only do the easy and useless jobs, you'll never have to worry about the important ones which are so difficult. You just won't have the time. For there's always something to do to keep you from what you really should be doing, and if it weren't for that dreadful magic staff, you'd never know how much time you were wasting.
Mark Twain|I had everything I'd hoped for, but I wasn't being myself. So I decided to be honest about who I was. It was strange: The people who loved me for being funny suddenly didn't like me for being... me.
Harry Kane|When I'm getting a chance to do my job or make somebody's day, and be on stage where I love, and see all the fans having fun, you can't help but smile.
Annette Vaillancourt, How to Manifest Your Soulmate with Eft: Relationship as a Spiritual Path|You will be my first, will definitively be my last, perpetually my everything.
H.S. Crow, Lunora and the Monster King|Long ago, there was a dream within a dream that allowed joy to reign, but that youthful breath drifted away as swiftly as a summer rain. There was nothing left after the dawn, except for a world darkened by a King’s broken heart. Now only Morpheus induced silhouettes dance in these lightless plains. They dance in sequence to the sound of time – unmoved by existence – trapped in a single thought I hope lies within you.
Charmaine J Forde|Sometimes you don’t know what you’re looking for until you find it,” Harry answered. “It’s a methodology.
William Hazlitt, Plain Speaker|The perceiving our own weaknesses enables us to give others excellent advice, but it does not teach us to to reform ourselves.
Janett Lee Wawrzyniak, Secret Terror In Wavelengths - Wave Links|That lady has a piano.It’s nice, but it’s not the running of riversOr the murmuring trees make ..Who needs a piano?It’s better to have earsAnd love Nature.
Alyssa Hubbard|Writers are creatures of habit, as are humans, but writers aren’t necessarily human, are they?
Taona Dumisani Chiveneko, Sprout of Disruption|Graves leaned forward, eyeing me. “Hey, Dru. You were French-kissing awinged snake. Creeptastic.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, The Illusion of "Truth": The Real Jesus Behind the Grand Myth|Yet, reality operates in a consistent way – the same physical, interactive functions are in play for every conscious human in existence. If religion reflected reality as it actually works, all religions would be the same: accurate rendering in words depicting life’s real flow
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|I'm not good, of course; I wouldn't give a fig to be good. So it's not vanity. It's on a far grander scale; a splendid selfishness, - authorized, too; and papa and mamma brought me up to worship beauty, -and there's the fifth commandment, you know.
Wallace Stegner, Angle of Repose|[Y]ou were too alert to the figurative possibilities of words not to see the phrase [angle of repose] as descriptive of human as well as detrital rest. As you said, it was too good for mere dirt; you tried to apply it to your own wandering and uneasy life ... I wonder if you ever reached it.
K.J. Charles|Merrick and I had both had tattoos, my magpie and his elephant and castle, imposed on us as…it’s a long story. A reward, or apology, or both, from the Dragon Head, or grand master, of one of the larger criminal organisations in China after we accidentally saved his son’s life.”“Accidentally?”“It’s a VERY long story.
Dean King, Skeletons on the Zahara: A True Story of Survival|No guile? Nay, but so strangely He moves among us. . Not this Man but Barabbas! Release to us Barabbas!
Martin Chalfie|Science has always been my preoccupation and when you think a breakthrough is possible, it is terribly exciting.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|The day you stop learning is the day you begin to die. Lack of knowledge is the fundamental principle for killing "alive and kicking" dreams.
William Shakespeare, Troilus and Cressida|Cressida: My lord, will you be true?Troilus: Who, I? Alas, it is my vice, my fault:Whiles others fish with craft for great opinion,I with great truth catch mere simplicity;Whilst some with cunning gild their copper crowns,With truth and plainness I do wear mine bare.Fear not my truth: the moral of my witIs "plain and true"; there's all the reach of it.
Hiroko Sakai|Do not keep the slanderer away,treat him with affection and honor:Body and soul, he scours all clean,babbling about this and that.
Kyoko M., The Black Parade|Obsessed with Christine to the end, his last statement as he left his cell was, 'to kill is the final possession'. But Muldowney was wrong. He had never possessed Christine; the resistance burning within her was too great.
Thomas Jefferson|‎We must make our choice between economy and liberty or confusion and servitude...If we run into such debts, we must be taxed in our meat and drink, in our necessities and comforts, in our labor and in our amusements...if we can prevent the government from wasting the labor of the people, under the pretense of caring for them, they will be happy.
James  Pratt, The Woman in the Portrait|If on thoughts of death we are fed,Thus, a coffin, became my bed.
Aguidon|If then the power of speech is as great as any that can be named,—if the origin of language is by many philosophers considered nothing short of divine—if by means of words the secrets of the heart are brought to light, pain of soul is relieved, hidden grief is carried off, sympathy conveyed, experience recorded, and wisdom perpetuated,—if by great authors the many are drawn up into unity, national character is fixed, a people speaks, the past and the future, the East and the West are brought into communication with each other,—if such men are, in a word, the spokesmen and the prophets of the human family—it will not answer to make light of Literature or to neglect its study: rather we may be sure that, in proportion as we master it in whatever language, and imbibe its spirit, we shall ourselves become in our own measure the ministers of like benefits to others—be they many or few, be they in the obscurer or the more distinguished walks of life—who are united to us by social ties, and are within the sphere of our personal influence.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, Freedom from the Known|We need a tremendous amount of energy and we dissipate it through fear but when there is this energy which comes from throwing off every form of fear, that energy itself produces the radical inward revolution.
Gary   Hopkins|Removing toxicity from your life is essential to maintaining a peaceful state of mind and an overall quality of health. This purging can and should include any detrimental habits, including negative, controlling, and abusive people. Once you start living an empowered lifestyle that supports your own higher balance, you will find it to be an easy transition from the negative to the positive in every aspect of your life
Ta-Nehisi Coates|Syria may appear to be a small country, but it is just the type of entangled conflict that can lead to a world catastrophe. It does not take much imagination to see Syria as the Sarajevo of the 21st century, leading to world war.
Saul Kripke|Never ever doubt in magic. The purest honest thoughts come from children, ask any child if they believe in magic and they will tell you the truth.
Terry Eagleton, Literary Theory: An Introduction|In South Africa, they dig for diamonds. Tons of earth are moved to find a little pebble not as large as a little fingernail. The miners are looking for the diamonds, not the dirt. They are willing to lift all the dirt in order to find the jewels. In daily life, people forget this principle and become pessimists because there is more dirt than diamonds. When trouble comes, don’t be frightened by the negatives. Look for the positives and dig them out. They are so valuable it doesn't matter if you have to handle tons of dirt.
Zack Love, Sex in the Title: A Comedy about Dating, Sex, and Romance in NYC|The male tax?”“Yeah. The tax that men have to pay for not having to menstruate every month. Or risk getting pregnant. Or deal with the physically stronger sex in a macho world… Women have to put up with all that stuff, so the least we men can do is pay the male tax and get the tab.
Hillary Rodham Clinton|You know, to just be grossly generalistic, you could put half of Trump’s supporters into what I call the basket of deplorables. Right? The racist, sexist, homophobic, xenophobic, Islamophobic — you name it. And unfortunately there are people like that. And he has lifted them up. He has given voice to their websites that used to only have 11,000 people — now 11 million. He tweets and retweets their offensive, hateful, mean-spirited rhetoric. Now some of those folks — they are irredeemable, but thankfully they are not America.But the other basket — and I know this because I see friends from all over America here — I see friends from Florida and Georgia and South Carolina and Texas — as well as, you know, New York and California — but that other basket of people are people who feel that the government has let them down, the economy has let them down, nobody cares about them, nobody worries about what happens to their lives and their futures, and they’re just desperate for change. It doesn’t really even matter where it comes from. They don’t buy everything he says, but he seems to hold out some hope that their lives will be different. They won’t wake up and see their jobs disappear, lose a kid to heroin, feel like they’re in a dead end. Those are people we have to understand and empathize with as well.
Mandy Hale|It's not selfish to love yourself, take care of yourself, and make your happiness a priority. It's necessary.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|Euthanasia" is an excellent and comforting word! I am grateful to whoever invented it.
Arthur Schopenhauer, Studies in Pessimism: The Essays|If you want a safe compass to guide you through life, and to banish all doubt as to the right way of looking at it, you cannot do better than accustom yourself to regard this world as a penitentiary... •	If you accustom yourself to this view of life you will regulate your expectations accordingly, and cease to look upon all its disagreeable incidents, great and small, its sufferings, its worries, its misery, as anything unusual or irregular; nay, you will find that everything is as it should be, in a world where each of us pays the penalty of existence in his own peculiar way.
Elisabeth Rohm|I can see the humorous side of things and enjoy the fun when it comes; but look where I will, there seems to me always more sadness than joy in life.
Eleonora Duse|I began the study of medicine, impelled by a desire for knowledge of facts and of man. The resolution to do disciplined work tied me to both laboratory and clinic for a long time to come.
Robert Adams|I looked at the images hanging on the walls, wanting to find those things in her pictures. My favorite was directly across from me: a photo of a beaten, weathered hull of a rowboat. I knew about as much about boats as I did photography, which was next to nothing, but that boat wasn’t going anywhere near the water anytime soon unless the owner decided it would make a mediocre shipwreck to explore while scuba diving. Nevertheless, it faced the out-of-focus lake in the background, almost hopefully, as if it hadn’t yet decided its best days were gone, as if it still dreamed of bobbing peacefully on the waves.“Does that one have a name?” I asked.She smiled. “Seaworthy.
Jeffrey Eugenides, Middlesex|Tessie allowed Milton to press his clarinet to her skin and fill her body with music. At first it only tickled her. But after a while the notes spread deeper into her body. She felt the vibrations penetrate her muscles, pulsing in waves, until they rattled her bones and made her inner organs hum.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|If hard work is the source of happiness, then we can conclude that the main job of procrastination is to delay that happiness for excuses to kill.
Paulo Coelho, Warrior of the Light|The Warrior of the Light knows that it is impossible to live in a state of complete relaxation.He has learned from the archer that, in order to shoot his arrow any distance, he must hold the bow taut. He has learned from the stars that only an inner explosion allows them to shine. The Warrior notices that when a horse is about to jump over a fence, it tenses all its muscles.But he never confuses tension with anxiety.
Jamsetji Tata|Christians could agree or argue about God as much as we wanted, but it was all essentially chatter. What bound that driver and me together was the obvious thing, so plain and dumb between us we could almost ignore it: the rough wooden pallet of onions that organized our days. Feed the hungry, heal the sick, visit prisoners. We fed people.
Jason Silva|There's an ongoing competition by global companies across all areas from products, technology development and hiring talented people to patent disputes. The market is big and opportunities are wide open, so we should find out new businesses that Samsung's future will hinge on.
Bobby Jindal|The more people who are dependent on government handouts, the more votes the left can depend on for an ever-expanding welfare state.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Sati—sampajanna ("Mindfulness and clear comprehension") should be examined carefully from the point of view of the centipede who could not walk when she thought about how she moved her limbs. And also from the point of view of absorption in, say artistic creation and detached observation of it. Absorption in piano playing or painting seems to be "successful" but detached observation or enjoyment of "my playing" or "my painting" seems to have the centipede effect. What are the facts here and what is the lesson to be drawn?
Ana Claudia Antunes, A-Z of Happiness: Tips for Living and Breaking Through the Chain that Separates You from Getting That Dream Job|Don"t gaze too hard at your belly button Or you will unexpectedly hit rock bottom!
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Rain is a lullaby heard through a thick, isolating blanket of clouds. It is the tinkling harp of water droplets; a moist breath whistling through willow reeds; a pattering beat background to the mourner's melody. Rain is a soft song of compassion for the brokenhearted.
Terry Pratchett, Interesting Times|My behavior last night was poor.""Poor?" Agatha coughed. "You pushed me through a window!
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, Flow: The Psychology of Optimal Experience|..Such practices and beliefs, which interfere with happiness, are neither inevitable nor necessary; they evolved by chance, as a result of random responses to accidental conditions. But once they become part of the norms and habits of a culture, people assume that this is how things must be; they come to believe they have no other options.
Murasaki Shikibu, The Tale of Genji|Ceaseless as the interminable voices of the bell-cricket, all night till dawn my tears flow.
Nicholas Sparks|Their fingers seemed to fit together in just the right way- effortlessly clasped,like perfect complements.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|What does it matter? Science has achieved some wonderful things, of course, but I'd far rather be happy than right any day.
J.A. Redmerski, The Edge of Never|But I was starving! You know I always forget my lunch—and who expects me to concentrate on Advanced Manga Drawing Level 2 when visions of pork buns and powdered doughnuts dance in my head? Teacher Suzuki acted like it was the end of the world just because I got hungry,” --Bunny Lilka
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Infinity|Zombies are the middle children of the otherworldly family. Vampires are the oldest brother who gets to have a room in the attic, all tripped out with a disco ball and shag carpet. Werewolves are the youngest, the babies, always getting pinched and told they're cute. With all that attention stolen away from the middle child Zombie, no wonder she shuffles off grumbling, "Marsha, Marsha, Marsha.
Julian Assange|A man to carry on a successful business must have imagination. He must see things as in a vision, a dream of the whole thing.
Andrew Pettegree, Brand Luther: How an Unheralded Monk Turned His Small Town into a Center of Publishing, Made Himself the Most Famous Man in Europe—and Started the Protestant Reformation|Purify our minds that we may be "first pure, then peaceable," and fortify our souls, that our peaceableness may not lead us into cowardice and despair, when for Thy sake we are persecuted.
Neetal Parekh|People want the here and now, rather than the there and after; as most are living in the where and what.
Rana Dasgupta, Solo|Like so many Americans, she was trying to construct a life that made sense from the things she found in gift shops.
Robert Trabold, Watching the River Flow By: Selected Poems|If he needed an answer about how much he'd changed, that provided it. He didn't want Fatima Hynes or any other nameless female with vacant eyes and an ample bosom. He didn't want anyone else, ever. He wanted Evelyn Marie Ruddick—and he'd be damned if he was going to let Neckcloth Alvington have her without a fight. And if there was one thing he knew how to do better than anyone else in London, it was how to fight dirty
Debasish Mridha|When you forgive everyone, you have no one to fight.
Taylor York|What you do doesn’t define you. You can’t let your failures, or your success for that matter, dictate how you view yourself. You are loved.
Cody Horn|My dad always said, 'Don't worry what people think, because you can't change it.'
Kevin Whately|Funny thing is that the poorer people are, the more generous they seem to be.
Ted Rubin, The Age of Influence: Selling to the Digitally Connected Customer|The human body is designed in accordance with the laws of nature.The British left behind their potty which goes against these laws.It induces constipation, causes fecal stagnation, enlarges the prostate, leads to infection and weakens the muscles of the lower body.
Ken Robinson, The Element: How Finding Your Passion Changes Everything|If you're not prepared to be wrong, you'll never come up with anything original.
Paul Boggs, Freud's Mafia: Sigmund Freud's Crimes Against Christianity|The degradation of most civilizations, contain a common thread. The 'synagogue of Satan' is behind all weaponized ignorance and hate.
Lois Lowry, Number the Stars|That's all that brave means - not thinking about the dangers. Just thinking about what you must do. Of course you were frightened. I was too, today. But you kept your mind on what you had to do.
Vanessa Vescera, Le parole di una Rosa|Aveva l'animo della scrittrice pazza con tutti i suoi sbalzi d'umore, le sue insicurezze.
Bela Lugosi|Three centuries after the appearance of Franklin's 'Courant', it no longer requires a dystopic imagination to wonder who will have the dubious distinction of publishing America's last genuine newspaper. Few believe that newspapers in their current printed form will survive.
Josh Langley, Turning Inside Out - what if everything we've been taught about life is wrong?|If in doubt, cheese has been always the answer..
Sandeep Sahajpal|Excellence is sum total of three E’s - Education, Experience, and Exposure
Peter Kreeft, Prayer for Beginners|We must pray in order to grow, and we must grow because Infinite Love will not, cannot, settle for less than the greatest joy of which his beloved creature is capable.
Deyth Banger|People want one book to read about the topic and to learn everything, unfortunately I was the same guy, the same person. Who wanted the same, but most stuff and for the most clever and intelligent people is mystery.
Rachel  Harris, Accidentally Married on Purpose|He set the helmet on the floor beside the door and slung his jacket over the back of one chair. He tilted his head sideways to look at her, one eyebrow raised. “I’m not going to ask why. I’m going to make assumptions.
Robert David Steele, The Open-Source Everything Manifesto: Transparency, Truth, and Trust|It was called the Middle Ages, the Dark Ages. If not for the monks, everything the world had ever learned would have been lost. Well, we live in a similar time, when we're losing the vast majority of what we do and see and learn. But it doesn't have to be that way.
Stephen Lovegrove, How to Find Yourself, Love Yourself, & Be Yourself: The Secret Instruction Manual for Being Human|It happened to me just this year with a beautiful boy I started hanging out with. Call me a hormonal teenager if you want, but evidently I haven’t grown out of this experience. His name, his voice, his face, his laugh - anything was enough to make my heart start beating faster. It’s the spark.
Hilary Mantel, Wolf Hall|It was hard to describe what she had sensed, but it had been distinct and clear, like the shape of a leafless tree against the sky, or a crow flying across a ploughed field. She hesitated to close her eyes again, for it had risen up close to her face like something appalling.
Melina Marchetta, Finnikin of the Rock|I shouldn’t have gone out so far, fish,” he said. “Neither for you nor for me. I’m sorry, fish.
Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark|Science is a way to call the bluff of those who only pretend to knowledge. It is a bulwark against mysticism, against superstition, against religion misapplied to where it has no business being.
John David Geib, Beyond Beliefs|I wonder what could happen if self-confessed followers of Jesus surrendered our human powers, and our desires for power, and began to celebrate openly our human weakness in exchange for the experience of Christ as Power within us. What could happen if, for Christ's sake, we openly delighted in our weaknesses, in insults, in hardships, in persecutions, in difficulties?
Diana Wynne Jones, Howl's Moving Castle|So you were going to rescue the Prince! Why did you pretend to run away? To deceive the Witch?""Not likely! I'm a coward. Only way I can do something this frightening is to tell myself I'm not doing it!
Mark R. Levin|Fat Charlie had had no real liking for the police, but until now, he had still managed to cling to a fundamental trust in the natural order of things, a conviction that there was some kind of power--a Victorian might have thought of it as Providence--that ensured that the guilty would be punished while the innocent would be set free. This faith had collapsed in the face of recent events and had been replaced by the suspicion that he would spend the rest of his life pleading his innocence to a variety of implacable judges and tormenters, many of whom would look like Daisy, and that he would in all probability wake up in cell six the next morning to find that he had been transformed into an enormous cockroach. He had definitely been transported to the kind of maleficent universe that transformed people into cockroaches.
Sara Blakely|A life lesson for me is, how do you muster the courage to take on a new risk? Whether it's starting up a business or taking on a new project or expedition. I think the risks that we take are all relative to the risk-taker.
Alice Roosevelt Longworth|If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month.
Lev Vygotsky|I think right now the way society's going, I think role models are important, and kids need direction. If I didn't have that direction growing up, who knows what I could be doing, because I've been lost many times in my life, and I've had to have someone guide me back on the right path.
George Takei|When Arnold Schwarzenegger vetoed the same-sex marriage bill, my blood was boiling. I had been silent, but that night, Brad and I watched the news and saw all these young people pouring out on Santa Monica Boulevard venting their rage, and I said, 'I have to speak out.'
Santosh Kalwar, That's My Love Story|You must take the world as you find it, with a struggle to be something more honest than those around you. Phineas, as he preached himself this sermon, declared to himself that they who attempted more than this flew too high in the clouds to be of service to men an women upon the earth
Mark X., Citations: A Brief Anthology|That black, maddening firmament; that vast cosmic ocean, endlessly deep in every direction, both Heaven and Pandemonium at once; mystical Zodiac, speckled flesh of Tiamat; all that is chaos, infinite and eternal. And yet, it's somehow the bringing to order of this chaos which perhaps has always disturbed me most. The constellations, in their way, almost bring into sharper focus the immensity and insanity of it all - monsters and giants brought to life in all their gigantic monstrosity; Orion and Hercules striding across the sky, limbs reaching for lightyears, only to be dwarfed by the likes of Draco, Pegasus, or Ursa Major. Then bigger still - Cetus, Eridanus, Ophiuchus, and Hydra, spanning nearly the whole of a hemisphere, sunk below the equator in that weird underworld of obscure southern formations. You try to take them in - the neck cranes, the eyes roll, and the mind boggles until this debilitating sense of inverted vertigo overcomes you...
Gyomay M Kubose|For Kerouac, the embodiment of American Zen was Gary Snyder, the Pulitzer Prize-winning Buddhist poet and essayist, who he fictionalized as Japhy Ryder in The Dharma Bums. Snyder was a practicing Buddhist and a translator of classic Chinese texts before Kerouac met him. He was the Zen guru of the Beats at the same time that Alan Watts popularized Buddhism for middle-class Americans in best-selling books and magazine articles of the late 1950s. Snyder had studied with Watts for a while but thought him 'square.' 'He was cool in relation to the people around him,' Snyder once said, referring to 'middle class, needy' Americans, but he was 'never actually cool.' Then Snyder added with a wink, '[and] you know what I mean, as the Big Bopper says,' invoking the rock-and-roll classic 'Chantilly Lace' for those hip and in-the-know.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Self respect by definition is a confidence and pride in knowing that your behaviour is both honorable and dignified. Therefore when you harass or vilify another person, you not only disrespect them, but you also. -Respect yourself by respecting others.
Abhinav .M|How hard it is to now believe that these strong, merciless chains of fear and hopelessness, rendering the limbs of my mind motionless, were once innocuous mere threads.” -Mehul.M
Erin Heatherton|While traveling around the world, I've had the opportunity to work with every living beauty icon. I've learned to appreciate idiosyncrasy. The fact is, there is really no such thing as 'normal' - everybody's different, and that is the essence of their beauty.
David Kinnaman, unChristian: What a New Generation Really Thinks about Christianity... and Why It Matters|In an era of mass media, it is easy to believe that the more eyeballs, the more impact. But radio, television, and tracts accounted for a combined total of less than one-half of 1% of the Busters who are born again.
Frederick Buechner, The Sacred Journey: A Memoir of Early Days|There is Irish Spring, but there is no fall soap.
Ziad K. Abdelnour|Always remember: No matter how carefully you choose your words, they'll always end up being twisted by others.
Frank Sonnenberg, Follow Your Conscience: Make a Difference in Your Life & in the Lives of Others|When you compete against yourself, you both win.
Chris Sacca|Being in the consumer business helps us groom talent in areas like marketing, finance and logistics. We can benchmark our outsourcing business to our consumer business and its best practices.
Charles Spurgeon|People don't realize that when they 'throw out' their back, it's often because of weak abs. These muscles are essential for lower-back strength and good posture.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Proper process, should not hinder progress. Too much focus on process, has left many blind to measured, tangible progress.
Paul Nougé|If words allow themselves to be handled, it is with the help of infinite carefulness. One has to welcome them, listen to the, before asking any service of them. Words are living things closely involved with human life.
Ned Vizzini, It's Kind of a Funny Story|When you mess something up, you learn for the next time.
Melissa Albert, The Hazel Wood|I avoided my eyes while brushing my teeth, then climbed into bed with a copy of _The Blind Assassin_, because if you're not with the book you want, you might as well want the book you're with.--Melissa Albert, _The Hazel Wood_
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|The mythology of a people is far more than a collection of pretty or terrifying fables to be retold in carefully bowdlerized form to our schoolchildren. It is the comment of the men of one particular age or civilization on the mysteries of human existence and the human mind, their model for social behaviour, and their attempt to define in stories of gods and demons their perception of the inner realities. We can learn much from the mythologies of earlier peoples if we have the humility to respect ways of thought widely differing from our own. In certain respects we may be far cleverer than they, but not necessarily wiser. We cannot return to the mythological thinking of an earlier age; it is beyond our reach, like the vanished world of childhood. Even if we feel a nostalgic longing for the past, like that of Jon Keats for Ancient Greece of William Morris for medieval England, there is now no way of entry. The Nazis tries to revive the myths of ancient Germany in their ideology, but such an attempt could only lead to sterility and moral suicide. We cannot deny the demands of our own age, but this need not prevent us turning to the faith of another age with sympathetic understanding, and recapturing imaginatively some of its vanished power. It will even help us view more clearly the assumptions and beliefs of our own time
J. J. Watt|Ah, my dad's whistle. On holidays when I was a kid, we would all be off in the rock pools along the beach. When it came time to go, we'd hear the whistle and we'd all come running. Like dogs!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Every experience in the past, prepares us for today. And the present experience equip us for the future.
Brenna Yovanoff, The Space Between|Sam's eyes studied my lips and I studied hers. We each leaned in closer until our foreheads were touching. It felt like currents of electricity were running through the two of us, making me feel like I was going to melt from the intensity.
Daniel P. Douglas, Truth Insurrected: The Saint Mary Project|Fantasy? That's for the Fire Birds. Fantasy, even when it takes science-fictional forms, which it often does, is dangerous. It is escapist. It is daydreaming. It has nothing to do with the world and the world's problems.So said the snobs who did not know themselves as snobs.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|You’re beautiful, just the way you are. Shine on. And dare anyone to turn off the lights.
Taylor Swift|Angela could not be the bomber, not that sweet, pretty thing. Thing? Is that how she regarded that young woman, as a thing? And what had she ever said to her except "I hear you're getting married, Angela" or "How pretty you look, Angela." Had anyone asked her about her ideas, her hopes, her plans? If I had been treated like that I'd have used dynamite, not fireworks; no, I would have just walked out and kept right on going. But Angela was different.
Peter Zumthor, Thinking Architecture|I would describe the distinction between city and landscape like this: cities tend to excite and agitate me; they make me feel big or small, self-confident, proud, curious, excited, tense, annoyed... or they intimidate me. But the landscape, if I give it the chance, offers me freedom and serenity. Nature has a different sense of time. Time is big in the landscape while in the city it is condensed, just like the city's space.
Arthur Schopenhauer|But if inventions have increased man's power over nature very much, then the real value of money is better measured for some purposes in labour than in commodities.
Jamaluddin Jamali, From History to Chance|I have to be honest he was more than a friend to me, I don't know why, but I found myself having feelings for him.~once again...life goes on~
Waylon H. Lewis, Things I Would Like To Do With You|I would like to see you. But: I would only like to see you with your feeling space, and desire, the parents of bravery, and curiosity. I would like you to want to see me without you feeling seduced or pressured. I would like to see you without our playing games: for games are for winners and losers and I do not ever want to win against you, or for you to lose against me, and I do not want to lose against you or for you to win against me. For we are part of the whole, the main, as Donne said—and your gain is mine and my loss is yours. Love is about finding one’s match, which means we shall touch our minds and hearts together at once, and never condescend or aim for any goal between us but the truth.
Carl Sagan|Humans — who enslave, castrate, experiment on, and fillet other animals — have had an understandable penchant for pretending animals do not feel pain. A sharp distinction between humans and 'animals' is essential if we are to bend them to our will, make them work for us, wear them, eat them — without any disquieting tinges of guilt or regret. It is unseemly of us, who often behave so unfeelingly toward other animals, to contend that only humans can suffer. The behavior of other animals renders such pretensions specious. They are just too much like us.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Me Before Them|You can’t say you love man as an individual if you have not dealt with the person’s complex personality, his or her unfamiliar habits, disturbing impulses and biological makeup.
Daniel Bell|The anger of a person who is strong, can always bide its time.
John Green, Paper Towns|We are not the policy department, except for those of us who are," Jackaby revised.
I.Alan Appt|INTEGRITY IS: Empirical knowledge is one of the critical ingredients of integrity, followed by truth, which is not necessarily moral, hence the evaluation of the truth. Empirical knowledge, coupled with the evaluation of truth for determination of its morality, equals factual righteousness and subsequently perpetuates integrity. Perceptions can at times influence our evaluation of truth, which may ultimately influence our identification of a subject’s morality. Our perception of what is truthful and righteous is not necessarily others interpretations. Assumption and credulity is the archenemy—the nemesis, if you will—of truth and ultimately of morality. We sometimes have an unwillingness or aversion toward researching a subject before formulating an opinion. But the more knowledge we learn about a subject, the more beneficial it will be. Understanding based on factual data will enable a more realistic and enhanced resolution of questions about a subject’s morality.Do some investigation of facts, situations, ideology, and belief systems for your empirical knowledge. As you do so, the truth shall be brought to the surface. As you analyze empirical knowledge, the truth and its morality will determine the factual righteousness of the subject, and ultimately, its integrity.Integrity Equation:Empirical knowledge + truth + morality = factual righteousness = INTEGRITY
Ram Dass, Polishing the Mirror: How to Live from Your Spiritual Heart|From a personality point of view, you develop judgment, but from the sou's point of view, you develop appreciation.
Nauman Khan|Some people make the mistake of confusing "submission" with "weakness", whereas it is anything but. Submission is a form of peaceful acceptance of the terms of the universe including the things we are currently unable to change or comprehend.I accepted the fact that there are things beyond my limits. I can only see some parts, like floating fragments from a movie, but the bigger scheme is beyond my comprehension.
Margaret Watson, Protect Me|Nihilism, cynicism, sarcasm, and orgasm.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Since we are all unique and individual, being cognizant of different personality styles will help you better recognize where others are coming from to minimize barriers, build trust, and catapult your newfound communication skills into meaningful connections. The savvy socializer knows this all.
Elif Shafak|We are all but symbols of some greater thing—totems of ourselves--subject to change and growth. When we forget that metaphoric sense of ourselves, we lose sight of the overall path.
Saminu Kanti|Any leader who feel the pain and fight for you. Support him or you lose but if that leader doesn't feel the pain and fight for you. Don't support him, fight for yourself, be a leader and fight for others.
E. Lockhart, The Boy Book: A Study of Habits and Behaviors, Plus Techniques for Taming Them|Have I had two roads, I would have chosen their third.
Bill Gates|Women become the objects of rules; they are repressed and lose their rights in the name of religion, or they lose their freedom in the name of tradition, while the state legitimates this foolishness with laws.
Benjamin Disraeli|The whole life of an American is passed like a game of chance, a revolutionary crisis, or a battle.
Philip Pullman, The Subtle Knife|He let her do it, then looked around for his fingers. There they were, curled like a bloody quotation mark on the lead. He laughed.
Sarah Thebarge|She can be a whirlwind of tits and terror when she puts her mind to a purpose, can't she, sir?
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|The cake had a trick candle that wouldn't go out, so I didn't get my wish. Which was just that it would always be like this, that my life could be a party just for me.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|Alecto isn't a person! He's just something that society made and then threw away, a memory that refuses to die.
Tere Michaels, Faith & Fidelity|New but…good,” Evan said, shaking his head. “A good thing.” Helena caught the look that passed between the two men and it was beautiful…the only word she could think of was beautiful. It was love and lust and such a tender expression of care she wondered if they had any clue how lovely it was to see...
Delano Johnson, Love Quotes|Romance her, enhance her, desire her, put her first.
George Mason|It's hard to say what drives a three year-old, but I think I had a sense that nature was my solace, and nature was a place in which there was beauty, in which there was order.
Haresh Sippy|If it is about education, then all who are college graduates should be wealthy, but we know that there are many highly educated, highly qualified, and highly experienced people who just manage to scrape by, if at all.
Thornton Wilder, Our Town|Beware of those who promise a quick and easy way, for much ease brings many difficulties.
Christopher Odell Homsley|There were two books I remember changing my life as a introverted, bookish 14 year old. The Fountainhead by Ayn Rand and The Lord of the Rings by JRR Tolkien. One was set in a fantastic world, populated by outlandish characters,tired prose, foul monsters, evil incarnate and a message about losing one's humanity. The other book was about hobbits.
George R.R. Martin, The Hedge Knight|Often the contempt of vainglory becomes a source of even more vainglory, for it is not being scorned when the contempt is something one is proud of.
Dan Alatorre|You have to put yourself out there as a writer, you can’t play it safe.
Cassandra Clare, The Rise of the Hotel Dumort|And I never started to plow in my lifeThat some one did not stop in the roadAnd take me away to a dance or picnic.	 I ended up with forty acres;	 I ended up with a broken fiddle—And a broken laugh, and a thousand memories,And not a single regret.
Emily St. John Mandel, Station Eleven|Something was nagging at me that I was trying to resist. Was it then or was it later that the thought came to me: if God really does exist, and is not just a myth, it must have a consequence for the whole of life. It was not a comfortable thought.
Susan Abulhawa, Mornings in Jenin|Every woman is a gift when she becomes a daughter, Every woman is beautiful when she becomes a lover, Every woman is special when she becomes a wife, Every woman is a god when she becomes a Mother
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Galápagos|As Mary delivered what was to be her last lecture about the Galapagos Islands, she would be stopped mid-sentence for five seconds by a doubt which, if expressed in words, might have come out something like this: "Maybe I'm just a crazy lady who had wandered off the street and into this classroom and started explaining the mysteries of life to these people. And they believe me, although I am utterly mistaken about simply everything."She had to wonder, too, about all the supposedly great teachers of the past, who, although their brains were healthy, had turned out to be as wrong as Roy about what was really going on.
Kate Evangelista, Taste|Ereaders were a great convenience, but nothing could beat the smell of a library and old books.
Rob Bell, Love Wins: A Book About Heaven, Hell, and the Fate of Every Person Who Ever Lived|You turn the light on, you get all kinds of bugs.
Elizabeth Blackwell|You get used to sadness, growing up in the mountains, I guess.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Love like a dog.As long as it’s been treated with kindness and respect a dog will love you. A dog doesn’t care about your age, sex, gender identity, orientation, religion, race or socioeconomic bracket. A dog doesn’t care if you’re skinny, have stretch marks or scars. A dog doesn’t care how many people you’ve slept with, what hardships you’ve had to overcome; and if you’re crying a dog will come put its little chin on your chest and love you regardless. A dog doesn’t let these things dictate to whom or how much it extends its heart. A dog just loves.Love like a dog.A dog never tries to play it cool, hard to get or shies away from showing how much it loves. A dog’s composure is never betrayed by its tail because it freely and without hesitation shows how ecstatic it is to see you every time you walk through the door. When a dog is around other dogs it doesn’t pretend that it doesn’t really love tennis balls. A dog loves what it loves and is never embarrassed about showing how it feels.Love like a dog.A dog is loyal to and would fiercely defend those whom it loves. “For the strength of the pack is the wolf, and the strength of the wolf is the pack.” Life is not always easy. At times you will have to be brave. At times you will be hurt. But a dog will never leave you. Stay close. Be faithful. Protect your pack.Love like a dog.That is my advice to you. Love like a dog.
Winifred Gallagher, Rapt: Attention and the Focused Life|Your motivations--get that promotion, throw the best parties, run for public office--aren't impersonal abstractions but powerfully reflect who you are and what you focus on. An individual's goals figure prominently in the theories of personality first developed by the Harvard psychologist Henry Murray. According to his successor David McClelland, what Friedrich Nietzsche called "the will to power," which he considered the major driving force behind human behavior, is one of the three basic motivations, along with achievement and affiliation, that differentiate us as individuals.A simple experiment show show these broad emotional motivations can affect what you pay attention to or ignore on very basic levels. When they examine images of faces that express different kinds of emotion, power-oriented subjects are drawn to nonconfrontational visages, such as "surprise faces," rather than to those that suggest dominance, as "anger faces" do. In contrast, people spurred by affiliation gravitate toward friendly or joyful faces.
Belle de Jour|Shock? More like shellshock at this point. Blondie knew I was gay, yet he was a Company Exec or else he wouldn’t be here. I was his butt boy in the worst possible way.When I squinted at him, he gave nothing up. Neither did I. I had shit on this newly minted man too.Double fucking jeopardy, jackass.
Dr. Jayce O'Neal|Talent is what God gives us, Skill is what we give back to Him
J.D.  Jordan, Calamity: Being an Account of Calamity Jane and Her Gunslinging Green Man|God is still in the miracle working business. He's still the same God yesterday, today and forevermore.
Stephen Armstrong|The morgue is a Victorian update of a system established by Alfred the Great. It's the place where certain deaths are resolved - those where the cause is unclear or is the result of some intended or accidental violence. The bodies are almost always victims in some way - of crime, suicides and car crashes, but also victims of loneliness. It's where you go if you die alone in your flat and your body lies undisturbed for days. It's where you go if no one knew you were dying and no GP attended your final hours. It's where you go if no loved one held your hand as you slipped away. In one way or another, then, all the people who pass through this room are the people who die screaming.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Think of the patience God has had for you and let it resonate to others. If you want a more patient world, let patience be your motto
Anne Stuart, The Devil's Waltz|After all, if spinster chaperons required their own spinster chaperons there simply wouldn't be enough to go around.
Vanna Bonta, Degrees: Thought Capsules|Just because I'm a murdering, thieving, cowardly, traitorous sort doesn't mean I can't do my job properly.
Anne Rice|Life is so beautiful, it dazzles my eyes.
Terence Kealey, The Economic Laws of Scientific Research|The dream of a planned, fair, moral, ethical, cash-free society remains strong, particularly among socialists and liberals. It clearly represents a fundamental human instinct. But feudalism just did not work very well, if only because powerful people will not always obey moral imperatives.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Every problem of medicine is a problem of language, and this operation was a malapropism.
C. JoyBell C.|Here is a universal law: that when it comes to negative and positive, you will always thrive more powerfully in the positive if you have first been immersed in, and have heroically overcome, the polar opposite negative of that thing. To abide in the positive existence of something, without having known and overcome it’s polar opposite— that is to be only a frame of the real structure. Easily toppled down and taken apart. True power is in the hands of the one who thrives in the positive, after having known and conquered the negative. Because when the demons come along, she will say to those demons: “I know you, I have owned you, but now you bow down to me.
Eoin Colfer, The Eternity Code|That was horrible. Horrible. That poor little guy."Pex was unrepentant. "Yeah, well, he asked for it. Calling us ... all those things."But---buried alive! That's like in that horror movie. Y'know -- the one with all the horror."I think I saw that one. With all the words going up on the screen at the end?"Yeah, that was it. Tell you the truth, those words kinda ruined it for me.
Aimee Bender, The Color Master: Stories|Bosie has insisted on stopping here for sandwiches. He is quite like a narcissus -- so white and gold. I will come either Wednesday or Thursday night to your rooms. Send me a line. Bosie is so tired: he lies like a hyacinth on the sofa, and I worship him. (letter from Oscar Wilde, 1892 - quoted from Love in a dark time by Colm Toibin)
Emmanuel Goldstein, Dear Hacker: Letters to the Editor of 2600|Dear 2600: I think my girlfriend has been cheating on me and I wanted to know if I could get her password to Hotmail and AOL. I am so desperate to find out. Any help would be appreciated. Thanks. And this is yet another popular category of letter we get. You say any help would be appreciated? Let’s find out if thats true. Do you think someone who is cheating on you might also be capable of having a mailbox you don’t know about? Do you think that even if you could get into the mailbox she uses that she would be discussing her deception there, especially if we live in a world where Hotmail and AOL passwords are so easily obtained? Finally, would you feel better if you invaded her privacy and found out that she was being totally honest with you? Whatever problems are going on in this relationship are not going to be solved with subterfuge. If you can’t communicate openly, there’s not much there to salvage.
Jennifer Clarvoe, Invisible Tender|It is raining at the top of my roof and I'am inside my blanket in this chilling night with an open window, missing my love and listning the rain singing a lullaby to me.
Zadie Smith, The Autograph Man|A good death is a death in solidarity with others. To prepare ourselves for a good death, we must develop or deepen this sense of solidarity.
Lucky KOLAWOLE|Make money, we are no longer in barter system. If you don’t want it, then donate it, but MAKE IT!!!!
Jason M. Steffens, Never on Sundays: A Novel|Choose the things that matter to God. See things as He sees them. Whatever results, that is the best way.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Nietzsche says very clearly all the way through his career that if you want to define human nature the first thing you must say is that human beings insist on value--we see the world through value colored eyes. We do not know how to look at things neutrally, value-free. So, it's not a question of giving up all values, it's simply a question of which values.
Katie Reus, Deadly Fallout|Dark brown nipples and perfect, pert breasts just a little more than a handful. Her abdomen was flat and toned, as if she worked out or ran. "You are built for sin," he murmured, looking up at her as he spoke.
Harry Papas|Enjoy losing weight. Enjoy eating healthy, delicious food. Do not wait until you reach your destination to feel good. Take as much happiness and joy as you can from your weight loss journey.
William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar|Every person has one particular time in his life when he is more beautiful than he is ever going to be again. For some it is at seven, for others at seventeen or seventy, and as Laura Fleischman read out loud from Shakespeare, I remember thinking that for her it was probably just then.
Alexis de Tocqueville, Democracy in America|When you die you say "Game Over" and that's all the game is over. You as an actor you die with this character stuff, but a new character is build.
Peter Carey, Oscar and Lucinda|...it was born out of habits of mind produced by Christianity: that if you sacrificed yourself you would somehow attain the object of your desires. It was a knife of an idea, a cruel instrument of sacrifice...
William Shakespeare, Henry V|My father's answer was revenge-has always been revenge-and the outcome was just, but not better. Nothing is fixed.
Lierre Keith|Resistance is a simple concept: power, unjust and immoral, is confronted and dismantled. The powerful are denied their right to hurt the less powerful. Domination is replaced by equity in a shift or substitution of institutions. That shift eventually forms new human relationships, both personally and across society.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Pay attention to what you pray for. Your prayers are not just a reflection of your desires and hopes; they are a guide for personal behavior. PRAY it, BE it, and you will SEE it.
Billy Connolly|Television, radio, social media. The 24/7 news cycle plows forward mercilessly on our desks, in our cars and in our pockets. Thousands and thousands of messages and voices bombard us from the moment we wake, fighting for our attention. All we see and hear, all day long, is news. And most of it is bad.
Terry Spear, A Ghost of a Chance at Love|My final thought, before falling into the golden haze of time travel, was that these adventures on medieval Óshéanús had been the greatest days of any of my lives, past or future.
Tom Landry|You'll be dedicated and that's what you should want to be in anything in life - whether it's sports or academics or your relationship. It all stems from finding that fun, that thrill, that excitement.
Graham Chapman|People flock in, nevertheless, in search of answers to those questions only librarians are considered to be able to answer, such as "Is this the laundry?" "How do you spell surreptitious?" and, on a regular basis, "Do you have a book I remember reading once? It had a red cover and it turned out they were twins.
Brenda Ueland|I learned...that inspiration does not come like a bolt, nor is it kinetic, energetic striving, but it comes into us slowly and quietly and all the time, though we must regularly and every day give it a little chance to start flowing, prime it with a little solitude and idleness.
Jeremy Pierre, The Dynamic Heart in Daily Life: Connecting Christ to Human Experience|Ryan was a nose away from the tallest cake on display, a six-foot-high chocolate masterpiece Jesse and I had created for this year's fairs. Detailed water nymph's interspersed with insects and toadstools, all sculpted by hand in rich dark chocolate.
Bruce H. Lipton, The Biology of Belief: Unleashing the Power of Consciousness, Matter and Miracles|Have a humble heart & an open-mind and you'll soon be given glimpses beyond the veil of your beliefs and understandings... growing wiser, and believing deeper.
Deyth Banger|Back at the Davydokovo apartment, we sat mesmerized in front of Grandad's Avantgard brand TV. It was all porn all the time. Porn in three flavors: 1)Tits and asses; 2) gruesome close-ups of dead bodies from war or crimes; 3) Stalin. Wave upon wave of previously unseen documentary footage of the Generalissimo. Of all the porn, number three was the most lurid. The erotics of power.
Rickie Fowler|I think it's cool to be smart, and I think it's sexy to be smart.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|I once got lost in a dark woods with no supplies.Struggling to deal with nature, beasts and storms,that was time when I lost my arrogance as human.
Winston S. Churchill|An appeaser is one who feeds a crocodile, hoping it will eat him last.
Debasish Mridha|The condition you're in at this moment is the product of your previous thoughts, to change your condition, change your thoughts.
Munia Khan|In old days, instead of asking a teacher, people looked at the dictionary to know the complete definition of teacher. Now Google becomes our teacher and to know about Google, people Google it.
August Wilhelm von Schlegel|Confession has been my habitual homecoming since I was a child. It is a consolation and a joy, and such joy, our faith teaches us, is meant for everyone. It is our vocation to bring it to as many people as possible.
Kim Harrison, A Fistful of Charms|A witch, a vampire, and a pixy walk into a bar, I thought as I led the way into the Squirrel’s End. It was early, and the sun had yet to set when the door swung shut behind Jenks, sealing us in the warm air smelling faintly of smoke. Immediately Nick yanked it open to come in behind us. And there’s the punch line.
Elizabeth von Arnim, Elizabeth and Her German Garden|These women accept their beatings with a simplicity worthy of all praise, and far from considering themselves insulted, admire the strength and energy of the man who can administer such eloquent rebukes. In Russia, not only may a man beat his wife, but it is laid down in the catechism and taught all boys at the time of confirmation as necessary at least once a week, whether she has done anything or not, for the sake of her general health and happiness."I thought I observed a tendency in the Man of Wrath rather to gloat over these castigations."Pray, my dear man," I said, pointing with my whip, "look at that baby moon so innocently peeping at us over the edge of the mist just behind that silver birch; and don't talk so much about women and things you don't understand. What is the use of your bothering about fists and whips and muscles and all the dreadful things invented for the confusion of obstreperous wives? You know you are a civilised husband, and a civilised husband is a creature who has ceased to be a man."And a civilised wife?" he asked, bringing his horse close up beside me and putting his arm round my waist, "has she ceased to be a woman?""I should think so indeed,--she is a goddess, and can never be worshipped and adored enough.
David Mamet|My dad was a labour lawyer, and the ideas that I grew up with - bad management, bad capitalism, robber barons - when I applied this to my own life, I saw that we are all on both sides of the coin.
Metatron Supernatural|Funny isn't it, that such a large percentage of people believe in the possibility of ghosts yet scoff at stories about then; whereas less than a fifth of one percent think there actually may be vampires, yet glamorize and romanticize them into millions of dollar of sales. Perhaps the real irony is that the thought of ghosts is just a little too close to people’s comfort level.
Howard Gardner|I want my children to understand the world, but not just because the world is fascinating and the human mind is curious. I want them to understand it so that they will be positioned to make it a better place
Evan Sutter, Solitude: How Doing Nothing Can Change the World|I think success might be one of the most overused words in the western world, and maybe if we changed success for happiness we would be better off, because when you get this ‘success’ will it make you happier? Are we chasing money, fame, power, ego, success, or are we chasing happiness, freedom and the feeling of being content?
Perry Anderson, The Indian Ideology|Structurally, by reason of their smaller numbers and greater resources, virtually all ruling classes enjoy an advantage over the ruled in their capacity for collective action. Their internal lines of communication are more compact; their wealth offers an all-purpose medium of power, convertible into any number of forms of domination; their intelligence systems scan the political landscape from a greater height. More numerous and more dispersed, less equipped materially, less armed culturally, subordinate classes always tend, in the sociologist Michael Mann’s phrase, to be ‘organisationally outflanked
Michael Feinstein|The British may not know much about music, but they certainly loves the noise it makes.
Lionel Fisher, Celebrating Time Alone: Stories Of Splendid Solitude|Sometimes, laughing like a lunatic can be the best solution. Or crying loudly into a pillow. But don't regret anything. Always tell yourself "I. Regret. Nothing." because really, no matter how sucky, or crappy your life gets, you really shouldn't regret it. Everything you do makes yourself up, and kid, just do the right thing every now and then, and you'll be good. We. Regret. Nothing.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The common man prays, 'I want a cookie right now!' And God responds, 'If you'd listen to what I say, tomorrow it will bring you 100 cookies.
Mary-Ellen Peters|Creativity never disappoints".
Peter Senge|I actually think the whole concept of retirement is a bit stupid, so yes, I do want to do something else. There is this strange thing that just because chronologically on a Friday night you have reached a certain age... with all that experience, how can it be that on a Monday morning, you are useless?
Heidi Betts, Knock Me for a Loop|Bad enough that getting turned on when he had nothing more than a bath towel to hide it would make the condition kind of hard to miss, but getting turned on in front of his ex-fiancee was akin to smearing honey on his junk and walking into grizzly territory.
Regina Griffin|Ish #303 "It's a street food vendor! Stop asking for the health score rating.
Lailah Gifty Akita|What a man may value highly, is detestable in God’s sight.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Most people like to talk about themselves, so get them going and you’ll make new friends quickly!
Ambrose Bierce|You don't have to be stupid to be a Christian, ... but it probably helps.
S.J.D. Peterson, Pup|Manly? And what would a kid like you know about manly? Have you even started shaving yet?""Only my balls, sir.
Anthony T. Hincks|This is how you love: you do it in all the wrong ways, because that is the only way we know how.
Bill Hicks|The whole image is that eternal suffering awaits anyone who questions God's infinite love. That's the message we're brought up with, isn't it? Believe or die! Thank you, forgiving Lord, for all those options.
Karen Quan, Write like no one is reading 2|Some of us walk around with a necklace of hope, an armour of sanity, but at the end of the day, they always come off. We reveal our naked, vulnerable, real selves.
Nishikant, The Papery Onions|His pen spoke more to her than he ever did”.In the war of words, some are unwritten and some are unspoken.
Rebecca Solnit|You write your books. You scatter your seeds. Rats might eat them, or they might rot. In California, some seeds lie dormant for decades because they only germinate after fire, and sometimes the burned landscape blooms most lavishly.
Wilhelm Reich, Listen, Little Man!|[T]here are in fact no masses, but only ways of seeing people as masses.
Debasish Mridha|I wanted to live in your heart and in your dreams.I wanted to enjoy your love, laughter and screams.
Scott Derrickson|Out of one pocket we pay billions of our tax dollars to support the production of expensive, disease-causing foods. Out of the other pocket, we pay medical bills that are too high because our overweight population consumes too much of these rich, disease-causing foods.
Robin Hobb, Fool's Fate|Tell me about love when you've been with someone for years, cared for them when they're ill, put up with them when they're miserable or grumpy, taken the sharp side of their tongue and still come back. Tell me about love when you've acted quite appallingly, and the other person has still accepted you.
MJ Iba|In the midst of combat, we learned a great deal about mankind and its many different races, creeds and beliefs.
Mary E. DeMuth, Everything: What You Give and What You Gain to Become Like Jesus|Dare to be brave today, and trust that when you extend your wings, you will fly.
Chris Campanioni, Going Down|It’s not enough to say it; you would need to take it out of your mouth, you would need to become it. You would need to become what you were born to be. In actuality, or in each reality, underneath it all—I mean, behind it—the answer lies in
Malorie Blackman|Nearly everyone I met, worked with, or read about was my teacher, one way or another.
Rachilde, Monsieur Venus: A Materialist Novel|A caprice is handled like a stew, and the pepper is added at the last minute.
Laura Ingalls Wilder|Persons appear to us according to the light we throw upon them from our own minds. -Laura Ingalls Wilder, author (1867-1957)
Ellis Peters|Truth is a hard master, and costly to serve, but it simplifies all problems.
John Dominic Crossan, Who Is Jesus? Answers to Your Questions About the Historical Jesus|I wish people would spread a Faustian rumor about me.' I leaned over and knocked Sunshine's hand out of Luke's hair. 'A Faustian myth,' I repeated. 'It's so much more interesting than just being that nouveau-poor blond girl who lives in a big house with nobody but her jackass brother with pecs bigger than his brain. Sunshine, if I ever disappear, please tell people that I ran after the Devil, trying to get my soul back.
Jay-Z|I am so blessed. I have an incredible wife, children I adore; I'm a very happy man. I've got a great mom and dad and brothers and sisters and stuff, so I've always been happy. And I never stop smiling.
James K.A. Smith, Who's Afraid of Postmodernism?: Taking Derrida, Lyotard, and Foucault to Church|In that instant, Gogolov feared death. He could feel himself falling through the dark void of space. He was flailing and terrified and utterly alone. He braced for impact, but it never came. He cried for mercy he would never see. He felt the searing heat and the demons ripping at his eyes and face with claws like razors. And then, in a terrifying flash of clarity, he realized it would never end.
Albert Camus, A Happy Death|He knew now that it was his own will to happiness which must make the next move. But if he was to do so, he realized that he must come to terms with time, that to have time was at once the most magnificent and the most dangerous of experiments. Idleness is fatal only to the mediocre.
Merrie Haskell, The Castle Behind Thorns|The truth is . . . Well, the truth is the truth, and thus worth telling, but sometimes truths are so complicated that it’s exhausting to get them out in the right order.” He glanced up at her. That sounded like an evasion if ever she’d heard one. She raised an eyebrow.
Dada Bhagwan|Where our own mind doesn’t listen to us, how can other’s minds follow what we say? One should not have such expectation at all.
Charles Stross, The Fuller Memorandum|I was raised thinking that moral and ethical standards are universals that apply equally to everyone. And these values aren't easily compatible with the kind of religion that posits a Creator. To my way of thinking, an omnipotent being who sets up a universe in which thinking beings proliferate, grow old, and die (usually in agony, alone, and in fear) is a cosmic sadist.
Romain Grosjean|I arrived in California with no job, no car, and no money, but, like millions of other girls, a dream.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|It is impossible to describe a landscape so validly as to exclude all other descriptions, for no one can see the landscape in all its aspects at the same time, and no single view can prevent the existence and validity of other equally possible views.
Natalia Marx, Fire & Raine|By fate or forgery, our dances are entwined for eternity.
Sena Jeter Naslund, Ahab's Wife, or The Star-Gazer|Where we choose to be, where we choose to be--we have the power to determine that in our lives. We cannot reel time backward or forward, but we can take ourselves to the place that defines our being.
Fakhr Al-Din Al-Razi|[…] I began to see Algiers as one of the most fascinating and dramatic places on earth. In the small space of this beautiful but congested city intersected two great conflicts of the contemporary world. The first was the one between Christianity and Islam (expressed here in the clash between colonizing France and colonized Algeria). The second, which acquired a sharpness of focus immediately after the independence and departure of the French, was a conflict at the very heart of Islam, between its open, dialectical — I would even say “Mediterranean” — current and its other, inward-looking one, born of a sense of uncertainty and confusion vis-à-vis the contemporary world, guided by fundamentalists who take advantage of modern technology and organizational principles yet at the same time deem the defense of faith and custom against modernity as the condition of their own existence, their sole identity.[…] In Algiers one speaks simply of the existence of two varieties of Islam — one, which is called the Islam of the desert, and a second, which is defined as the Islam of the river (or of the sea). The first is the religion practiced by warlike nomadic tribes struggling to survive in one of the world's most hostile environments, the Sahara. The second Islam is the faith of merchants, itinerant peddlers, people of the road and of the bazaar, for whom openness, compromise, and exchange are not only beneficial to trade, but necessary to life itself.
Jim George, One-Minute Insights for Men|When you submit yourself to God and obey Him, you allow Him to do what He desires in your life. You make it possible for Him to lead you wherever He wants to use you.
Steven Wright|A friend of mine once sent me a post card with a picture of the entire planet Earth taken from space. On the back it said, 'Wish you were here.
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|Sir, I love you more than words can wield the matter; dearer than eye-sight, space, and liberty, beyond waht can be valued, rich or rare; no less than life, with grace, health, beauty, honor; as much as child e'er loved, or father found; a love that makes breath poor, and speech unable; beyond all manner of so much I love you.
Zen Cho, Spirits Abroad|I brought seaweed snacks from home,' chimed in another kid. "Seaweed got iron, right?"'I don't think the teachers meant that kind of iron,' said Hui Ann.
Marissa Meyer, Winter|By December an elastic skin of ice reached out hundreds of miles into the sea, rolling with every wave.
Aaron Neville|The only big things I've purchased are my dad's heart valve and a Rolls-Royce for my parents, for their anniversary. And that was only because my dad had a Lady Gaga license plate on our old car and it was making me crazy because he was getting followed everywhere, so I bought him a new car.
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Pastrix: The Cranky, Beautiful Faith of a Sinner & Saint|Knowing all of this makes me love and hate Jesus at the same time. Because, when instead of contrasting good and evil, he contrasted truth and evil, I have to think about all the times I've substituted being good (or appearing to be good) for truth.
Stephen Richards|Opportunity for success never sleeps, just those not chasing it!
Chirag Tulsiani|Maybe journey is not so much a journey ahead, or a journey into space, but a journey into presence.
Terry Goodkind, The First Confessor|Anger is a shield for the power of the sword's magic, so that helped.
Steven Pinker|Except during the nine months before he draws his first breath, no man manages his affairs as well as a tree does.
Cath Crowley, Graffiti Moon|Very Like a WhaleOne thing that literature would be greatly the better forWould be a more restricted employment by authors of simile and metaphor.Authors of all races, be they Greeks, Romans, Teutons or Celts,Can'ts seem just to say that anything is the thing it is but haveto go out of their way to say that it is like something else.What foes it mean when we are toldThat the Assyrian came down like a wolf on the fold?In the first place, George Gordon Byron had had enough experienceTo know that it probably wasn't just one Assyrian, it was a lotof Assyrians.However, as too many arguments are apt to induce apoplexy and thus hinder longevity,We'll let it pass as one Assyrian for the sake of brevity.Now then, this particular Assyrian, the one whose cohorts were gleaming in purple and gold,Just what does the poet mean when he says he came down like a wolfon the fold?In heaven and earth more than is dreamed of in our philosophy thereare a great many things,But i don't imagine that among then there is a wolf with purpleand gold cohorts or purple and gold anythings.No, no, Lord Byron, before I'll believe that this Assyrian was actually like a wolf I must have some kind of proof;Did he run on all fours and did he have a hairy tail and a big redmouth and big white teeth and did he say Woof woof?Frankly I think it very unlikely, and all you were entitled to say,at the very most,Was that the Assyrian cohorts came down like a lot of Assyrian cohorts about to destroy the Hebrew host.But that wasn't fancy enough for Lord Byron, oh dear me no, he hadto invent a lot of figures of speech and then interpolatethem,With the result that whenever you mention Old Testament soldiersto people they say Oh yes, they're the ones that a lotof wolves dressed up in gold and purple ate them.That's the kind of thing that's being done all the time by poets,from Homer to Tennyson;They're always comparing ladies to lilies and veal to venison,And they always say things like that the snow is a white blanketafter a winter storm.Oh it is, is it, all right then, you sleep under a six-inch blanketof snow and I'll sleep under a half-inch blanket of unpoeticalblanket material and we'll see which one keeps warm,And after that maybe you'll begin to comprehend dimly,What I mean by too much metaphor and simile.
Orhan Pamuk, The Museum of Innocence|Abba Marcius said, 'If you rebuke someone and do it with anger, you have allowed a passion to control you. You have not saved anyone and have destroyed yourself'.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|The rule for J.O.Y is Jesus, Others and You. You can’t have a perfect joy if all you think about is about how to groom your life!
Toni Morrison|Everything I've ever done, in the writing world, has been to expand articulation, rather than to close it.
Lord Robin|Chances are only 1% for success, need to give 99% efforts to achieve 1% Success...
William Styron|The good writing of any age has always been the product of someone's neurosis, and we'd have mighty dull literature if all the writers that came along were a happy bunch of chuckleheads.
Germany Kent|When you start loving yourself and respecting your time and energy, things will change. Get to know your worth, and your value will go up.
Martin Winterkorn|I think the best thing about being pregnant would definitely have to be seeing just my belly grow and seeing, like, wow, there is, you know, something inside of me.
Panashe Chigumadzi, Sweet Medicine|The house may have been impressive in stature, but having gasped as they drove up the driveway, she had been disappointed by the interior. It was so bare. Lacking in things. She was mystified by this invisible wealth and the austerity of the house.She didn’t understand Mrs Zvobgo, she was rich but chose to live, in Tsitsi’s opinion, like a pauper. She was clearly uninterested in buying things. Maybe it was because she had never known poverty. Tsitsi on the other hand felt she was well versed in it.Tsitsi, unlike Mrs Zvobgo, wasn’t above noveau riche vulgarities. She didn’t want any sort of English boarding school minimalism. She wanted more. She wanted things. Things . Things. Things. Many of them. That much she was willing to admit. She made a private decision then that she would change this when she became the woman of this household. She knew they said wealth whispered and rich shouted, but what good was having all that they did if she had to keep it like some sort of secret?
Alan Turing, Computing machinery and intelligence|Let us return for a moment to Lady Lovelace’s objection, which stated that the machine can only do what we tell it to do. One could say that a man can “inject” an idea into the machine, and that it will respond to a certain extent and then drop into quiescence, like a piano string struck by a hammer. Another simile would be an atomic pile of less than critical size: an injected idea is to correspond to a neutron entering the pile from without. Each such neutron will cause a certain disturbance which eventually dies away. If, however, the size of the pile is sufficiently increased, the disturbance caused by such an incoming neutron will very likely go on and on increasing until the whole pile is destroyed. Is therea corresponding phenomenon for minds, and is there one for machines? There does seem to be one for the human mind. The majority of them seem to be “sub-critical,” i.e. to correspond in this analogy to pilesof sub-critical size. An idea presented to such a mind will on average give rise to less than one idea in reply. A smallish proportion are supercritical. An idea presented to such a mind may give rise to a whole “theory” consisting of secondary, tertiary and more remote ideas. Animals’ minds seem to be very definitely sub-critical. Adhering to this analogy we ask, “Can a machine be made to be super-critical?
Kenneth Eade, Russian Holiday|War is hot, not cold.
Alain de Botton, The Art of Travel|We are humiliated by what is powerful and mean, but awed by what is powerful and noble.
Jennifer Echols, Endless Summer|Dorothy: Shut up, just shut up. You had me at "hello".- From Jerry Maguire, 1996
Michael Holbrook, Dear You, Live! Love, Life: Awaking your spirit, overcoming fears & excuses, and living a purposeful, fulfilling life.|Would you rather be a fish out of water or a fish afraid of water?The fish out of water will experience a short, exhilarating experience but will quickly die. The fish afraid of water will exist but not live.Either way, you’ll eventually die.Choosing a path is rarely easy, but it's something we all ultimately do; whether by choice or as a spectator. Either way, water continues to flow. With or without you.
Lorii Myers, No Excuses, The Fit Mind-Fit Body Strategy Book|Think in terms of opportunities and solutions instead of problems, disappointment, and failure.
Richard Carmona|I got into medical school at the University of California in San Francisco and did well. A lot of smart kids in medical school, and believe me, I wasn't not nearly the smartest one, but I was the most focused and the happiest kid in medical school. In 1979, I graduated as the valedictorian and was honored with the Gold Cane Award.
Rosabeth Moss Kanter|Your most precious, valued possessions and your greatest powers are invisible and intangible. No one can take them. You, and you alone, can give them. You will receive abundance for your giving.
Fredrik Backman, Beartown|The very worst events in life have that effect on a family: we always remember, more sharply than anything else, the last happy moments before everything fell apart.
Karen Marie Moning, Kiss of the Highlander|...When a man first awakens, it sometimes takes several moments before he starts thinking clearly.""And here I thought it took several years, perhaps a lifetime for the average man's intellect to kick in.
James Allen|I do not know whether I was then a man dreaming I was a butterfly, or whether I am now a butterfly dreaming I am a man.
Pearl Zhu, Digital Capability: Building Lego Like Capability Into Business Competency|Managing change is no longer a one-time initiative, and change management turns to be a strategical ongoing capability in today’s digital organizations.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|When the person whom you always loved never loves you back, then you love the person who loves you, thinking it would be easy. But pretending love to someone you don't love is as difficult as actually loving someone who never loved you back.
Meghan Tifft|If we must encounter each other, let’s do it the old way—in the dark, by the fire, our breaths bated, the world a big black mystery beyond us.
Michelle Madow, The Secret Diamond Sisters|The pain of hunger beneath everything. At the end of all love-making, the dreamless sleep after the orgasm, which is like death.
Anna Barnes, How to Be Confident|It is quite possible that, even if you set the most relevant, realistic goals, you may not achieve them in the way or the time you wanted to. Life may throw something unexpected in your path, which stops you from achieving what you want, when you want. This is not failure. Feeling like you have failed is bound to lead to low mood, and can often come about if things haven't quite gone according to plan. However, the best thing to do is to draw a mental line under the experience, learn from what has happened and try again. As long as you are still trying, you are working towards your long-term aims; and as long as you are doing that, you are never truly failing.
Olivier Theyskens|For me, I exercise every morning. I exercise every day. I work out about an hour and 20 minutes, which is aerobics and resistance training. I work on agility and balance. I work on the things that are going to help my condition. I do agility training. I walk on a treadmill. I use an elliptical. I use weights.
Cynthia Hand, Hallowed|To be real successful, you must decide exactly what you want to accomplish; then resolve to pay the price to get it.
Alexander McCall Smith, Friends, Lovers, Chocolate|Pip, dear old chap, life is made of ever so many partings welded together, as I may say, and one man’s a blacksmith, and one’s a whitesmith, and one’s a goldsmith, and one’s a coppersmith. Diwisions among such must come, and must be met as they come. If there’s been any fault at all to-day, it’s mine. You and me is not two figures to be together in London; nor yet anywheres else but what is private, and beknown, and understood among friends. It ain’t that I am proud, but that I want to be right, as you shall never see me no more in these clothes. I’m wrong in these clothes. I’m wrong out of the forge, the kitchen, or off th’ meshes. You won’t find half so much fault in me if you think me in forge dress, with my hammer in my hand, or even my pipe. You won’t find half so much fault in me if, supposing as you should ever wish to see me, you come and put your head in at the forge window and see Joe the blacksmith, there, at the old anvil, in the old burnt apron, sticking to the old work. I’m awful dull, but I hope I’ve beat out something nigh the rights of this at last. And so God bless you, dear old Pip, old chap, God bless you!
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|I think that certain emotions can compromise you when you’re at war. If you stop to mourn the dead, or even to breathe in what you’ve done, you’ll be dead as well. Your brain goes to a primitive region, one inaccessible to feelings beyond pure anger and pure fear. Your brain is reduced to two impulses: fight or flight. Kill or be killed. No room for more delicate feelings. No room for a soul. All you’re thinking about is how to maneuver your body in space so it will survive.
John Wycliffe|On the one hand, she is cut off from the protection awarded to her sisters abroad; on the other, she has no such power to defend her interests at the polls, as is the heritage of her brothers at home.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Want to go to West Virginia and risk life and limb with me?"Zane smirked and gave a single nod. "Sounds like fun.
Marilyn Vos Savant|What is addiction, really? It is a sign, a signal, a symptom of distress. It is a language that tells us about a plight that must be understood.
Harry Kane|Some people have that school of thought where fitness isn't enjoyable, but we're making it enjoyable, I think, by making it more fun, challenging, and engaging rather than this boring thing that you have to do. It's about using technology and data to change this experience.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Bread We Eat in Dreams|This is not a lie: Memory has the taste and texture of cooked meat. Eat it and live. Remember, but only what it is licit to remember.In Aerograd, the word for meat and memory are the same.
Emily Rapp, The Still Point of the Turning World|Tucked inside the moments of this great sadness - this feeling of being punctured, scrambling and stricken - were also moments of the brightest, most swollen and logic shattering happiness I've ever experienced. One moment would be a wall of happiness so tall it could not be scaled; the next felt like falling into a pit of sadness that had no bottom. I realized you could not have one without the other, that this great capacity to love and be happy can be experienced only with this great risk of having happiness taken from you - to tremble, always, on the edge of loss.
Anthony T. Hincks|When we turn to the heavens to look for inspiration, we miss the most important piece, and that is the person right there next to us.
Carolyn E. Cobelo|She told me it was unlucky to share a reading with others, but the main point, the one I don't mind mentioning because it seems relevant to the story, is that she said I had a kind of evil spirit following me. 'Obviously,' she added, 'that sucks. But if we get you some amber—
Tom Robbins, Skinny Legs and All|Beauty! Wasn't that what mattered? Beauty was hardly a popular ideal at that jumpy moment in history. The masses had been desensitized to it, the intelligentsia regarded it with suspicion. To most of her peers, 'beauty' smacked of the rarefied, the indulgent, the superfluous, the effete. How could persons of good conscience pursue the beautiful when there was so much suffering and injustice in the world? Ellen Cherry's answer was that if one didn't cultivate beauty, soon he or she wouldn't be able to recognize ugliness. The prevalence of social ugliness made commitment to physical beauty all the more essential. And the very presence in life of double-wide mobile homes, Magic Marker graffiti, and orange shag carpeting had the effect of making ills such as poverty, crime, repression, pollution, and child abuse seem tolerable. In a sense, beauty was the ultimate protest, and, in that it generally lasted longer than an orgasm, the ultimate refuge. The Venus de Milo screamed 'No!' at evil, whereas the Spandex stretch pant, the macrame plant holder were compliant with it. Ugly bedrooms bred ugly habits. Of course, it wasn't required of beauty that it perform a social function. That was what was valuable about it.
John Connolly, The Gates|It's such a huge arrogance to love someone, and there's too much of it around. There's too much love in this world. Sometimes I think that's what heavens is-- a place where everybody's happy because nobody loves anybody else, ever.
Lawren Leo, Love's Shadow: Nine Crooked Paths|The earth is a mosaic, and most fail to notice the gossamer tesserae floating down from the realm of the mind that form its images of beauty and horror.
Marge Kennedy|"The whole world loves a lover" is an interesting theory  but a very bad legal defense.
Maya Angelou|Find a beautiful piece of art. If you fall in love with Van Gogh or Matisse or John Oliver Killens, or if you fall love with the music of Coltrane, the music of Aretha Franklin, or the music of Chopin - find some beautiful art and admire it, and realize that that was created by human beings just like you, no more human, no less.
Keith Caserta|If you don't want to be in an argument with someone, it is probably best to try to solve the problem, rather than lying around hoping the other person will do it for you.
B. Dave Walters|Decide and communicate what you are for, what you support – not what you are against.
V.S. Carnes, Sand for Dreams|Kas was right: a woman could destroy a man. This one could do so, simply by knowing his name. She could do so, simply with her eyes.
Eiichirō Oda|If I can't even protect my captain's dream, then whatever ambition I have is nothing but talk! Luffy must be the man who becomes the Pirate King!Roronoa Zoro
John Wells|As people, we're generally optimistic, no matter how disabled our lives are, and we find the humor in the darkest situations.
Luke  Taylor, The Quiet Kill|Writers are like onions, layers upon layers upon layers.
Jojo Moyes, Me Before You|Most people believe the journey they begin with Christ goes forward, but that is not how he works. A spiritual life is not cutting ties with people, in order to walk clean in the future. The journey home isn't running away from obstacles. It is learning to stand where you are now and handle people, assert yourself, set boundaries and never feel your happiness is dependent on another person's approval of your choices, beliefs or spiritual needs.
Martin  Hopkins, Cracks in the Pavement|The slick concrete reflected the facades of the work weary - grey, cracked and old,but more importantly, trodden upon.
Keysha Jade, Intoxicated stained tears|Dear Woman,You are a beautiful flower of earth, allow the rain to feed you the same strength as the sun. Don't stop growing through the storms, they are sent to test how solid your soil is not too destroy your roots.
Jaime Allison Parker, The Delta Highway|[T]hat's the way of torturers of every age, to put the blame on the victim, especially when he strikes back.
Andy Stanley, Fields Of Gold|Any fear associated with giving to God's kingdom is irrational. It's on par with a farmer who, out of fear of losing his seed, refuses to plant his fields.
E. Jamie, The Betrayal|Bree stared down at Bernardo’s still form. The monitor was the only sound in the room apart from his deep breathing. Alessandro had gone down to the cafeteria with Will and Gianni to grab something to eat before they left for home. Bree lied and told him that she wanted to check in with Tina and her mother Roxanna for a few minutes before they left. Even unconscious, the son of a bitch was formidable and Bree felt nervous around him. “Why don’t you do everyone a favour and just die already?” Bree said. No response. Bree sneered and shook her head, turning to leave. “You could always smother me with a pillow,” a groggy voice said behind her, making her heart nearly stop. Bree whirled around wide-eyed and met Bernardo’s dark gaze. She forced herself to shrug and crossed her arms. “Do you think Alessandro would forgive you for murdering his father?” Bernardo asked. They both knew the answer to that.
James S.A. Corey, Abaddon's Gate|A man would die tonight of lying out on the marshes, I thought. And then I looked at the stars, and considered how awful it would be for a man to turn his face up to them as he froze to death, and see no help or pitty in all the glittering multitude.
Sandhya Menon, When Dimple Met Rishi|When the finally pulled apart, Rishi's mouth tingling still, Dimple smiled shyly and looked down at their hands, entwined between them on the bench. "So," she said softly. "That was unexpected."He leaned over and kissed her forehead, like it was the most natural thing to do. Was this going to be their thing now, casual kissing? He hoped so. "Unexpected but awesome." Rishi paused. "Right?"She laughed and looked up at him. "Definitely."He grinned, his heart soaked in happy.
Kellen Roggenbuck|As Christians we are called to make disciples of all the nations, meeting them where they are and serving them in ways that are relevant and meaningful. That is the challenge: as the church, to remain relevant and meaningful, in efforts to reach all people where they are in a way they need.
Terry Pratchett, Dodger|His August Majesty chided the bureaucrats for failing to understand a simple principle: the principle of the second bag. Because the people never revolt just because they have to carry a heavy load, or because of exploitation. They don't know life without exploitation, they don't even know that such a life exists. How can they desire what they cannot imagine? The people will rvolt only when, in a single movement, someone tries to throw a second burden, a second heavy bag, onto their backs. The peasant will fall face down into the mud - and then spring up and grab an ax. He'll grab an ax, my gracious sir, not because he simply can't sustain this new burden - he could carry it - he will rise because he feels that, in throwing the second burden onto his back suddenly and stealthily, you have tried to cheat him, you have treated him like an unthinking animal, you have trampled what remains of his already strangled dignity, taken him for an idiot who doesn't see, feel, or understand. A man doesn't seize an ax in defense of his wallet, but in defense of his dignity, and that, dear sir, is why His Majesty scolded the clerks. For their own convenience and vanity, instead of adding the burden bit by bit, in little bags, they tried to heave a whole big sack on at once.
Vishwas Chavan|Life is something that really cannot be explained. It got to be experienced! For experiencing life to its fullest an attitudes of openness, gratefulness, happiness, flexibility are required. But most of all 'being in love' is crucial to live life to its fullest potential.
Dorothy Thompson|We will not waver; we will not tire; we will not falter, and we will not fail. Peace and Freedom will prevail.
Ally Condie, Atlantia|Sometimes you can't speak, not because others won't let you, but because you are afraid of what you'll say.
Sylvia Dolson, Joy of Bears|Mother Nature is our teacher—reconnecting us with Spirit, waking us up and liberating our hearts. When we can transcend our fear of the creatures of the forest, then we become one with all that is; we enter a unity of existence with our relatives—the animals, the plants and the land that sustains us.
Rachel Joyce, The Music Shop|Like music, said Peg. Even when it was over, it kept living inside you.
Ainslie Hogarth|Perhaps they suspected that I thought less of them because I knew it. (I'm too aware of human frailty to have let that happen. If anything, I thought more of them for wanting to face up to what they had done and for trying to change.)
Ramakrishna|As long as I live, so long do I learn.
Alia Mamdouh, The Loved Ones: A Modern Arabic Novel|I really like you better aimless and lost among people, a little crazy, oddball, not looking like yourself. So that I don't know you at all and the nearer I get to you the more you separate yourself from me-- I get dizzy trying to follow you and I have to work really hard-- and that's what I want!
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Humankind’s struggle against a hostile environment causes people throughout the ages to deploy their full armory of logic, training, strategy, imagination, inventiveness, and creativity. We are born with the natural ability to strategize. The most influential tool in humankind’s intellectual tool kit is the ability to regenerate a sense of unruffled alertness, to establish a poised stance that leads to intuitive discoveries generated by the conscious and unconscious mind constantly filtering a plethora of data, selecting critical facts, and producing elegant solutions to seemingly insoluble dilemmas.
Slavenka Drakulić, Frida's Bed|She was convinced the demonic pain she had suffered in her leg as a child had been in some sort of preparation for the accident. Engraved in her memory was how she had been left speechless by the first attack. She had yet to accept that pain cannot be expressed in words but only in inarticulate screams. It took time before she could put brush to canvas, and still more time before she could paint pictures that screamed. In place of the screams themselves. In place of verbal descriptions. She owed it to her father, she thought, to the frantic look in his eyes which she would never forget, and to his words: 'Tell me, tell me!
Leon Festinger|I prefer to rely on my memory. I have lived with that memory a long time, I am used to it, and if I have rearranged or distorted anything, surely that was done for my own benefit.
Jonathan Edwards|If I murmur in the least at affliction, if I am in any way uncharitable, if I revenge my own case, if I do anything purely to please myself or omit anything because it is a great denial, if I trust myself, if I take any praise for any good which Christ does by me, or if I am in any way proud, I shall act as my own and not God’s.
Susan Samaroo|Time stops for no one, and if we allow ourselves to focus on the negative we might miss out on some really amazing things that life has to offer. We can't go back to the past, we can only take the lessons that we have learned and the experiences that we have gained from it and move on. It is because of the heartaches, as well as the hardships, that in the end help to make us a stronger person.
Paula Altenburg, Her Secret, His Surprise|She was licking something off the end of a wooden spoon. Red froze. His body reacted as if he'd walked in on her twirling half-naked on a pole....Frankie was intriguing. Unsettling. Challenging He wanted to figure her out. He wanted to play strip poker with her. He wanted to throw her on the couch and ---"A touch more oregano, I think." Frankie pointed the spoon at him.
Colin S. Smith, The 10 Greatest Struggles of Your Life|Every great scientific truth goes through three stages. First, people say it conflicts with the Bible. Next they say it has been discovered before. Lastly they say they always believed it.
Sumangali Morhall, Auspicious Good Fortune: One woman's inspirational journey from Western disillusionment to Eastern spiritual fulfilment|There have been bleak nights along my way, many of my own making, but life is all the brighter for them now. To the human eye, without the darkness there are no stars.
Albert Camus, The Stranger|That was unthinkable, he said; all men believe in God, even those who reject Him. Of this he was absolutely sure; if ever he came to doubt it, his life would lose all meaning.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Is worth for a man to lose his soul, and gain worldly wealth?
Louie Gohmert|The strength of a civilization is not measured by its ability to fight wars, but rather by its ability to prevent them.
Stephen Wright|A lot of people ask me if I were shipwrecked, and could have only one book, what would it be? I always say, "How to Build a Boat.
Melissa Cutler, Tempted into Danger|How much the pain grew inside him after Ossie died until the only way to deal with it was to throw himself into the fray. And the whole time, Vanessa's body was wrapped around him like she was the only one being strong as a shield while he stripped his life bare.
LaMar Boschman|When I worship, I would rather my heart be without words than my words be without heart. 
Steve Sanchez, Rethinking Redemption|Contemplate for a moment hiking up a wild and rugged mountain. The mountain itself is a challenge, as well as the experience of beauty and danger. To reach the top, a person must persevere. The higher one goes up the mountain the more one can see of the landscape around. There is, in seeing an expansive view, a natural delight and exhilaration that anyone who makes the effort feels. This natural delight corresponds to the spiritual joy of gaining a higher perception of life. Mountains correspond to heaven. The delight of gaining an elevated view on a mountain is the reflection (correspondence) of spiritually gaining wisdom in one’s soul.
Anthony Marais|Advanced weaponry, victories in battle and space travel do not an advanced species or civilization make.
Dr. Katie Canty|Sometimes, time takes you the direction it wants you to travel. -Finn Foster
Seyyed Hossein Nasr|They will envy you for your success, your wealth, for your intelligence, for your looks, for your status - but rarely for your wisdom.
Terry Pratchett, Making Money|People who cannot restrain their own baser instincts, who cannot treat one another with civility, are not capable of self-government... without virtue, a society can be ruled only by fear, a truth that tyrants understand all too well
Kelly McGillis|I always tell people, anger is like liquid. It's fluid, it's like water. You put it in a container and it takes the shape of that container. So many people you see in prison, unleashing war on their people, they are angry, and they take their anger and put it into a violent container.
Justin Theroux|If China stood on an equal basis with other nations, she could compete freely with them in the economic field and be able to hold her own without failure. But as soon as foreign nations use political power as a shield for their economic designs, then China is at a loss how to resist or to compete successfully with them.
Brittany Noel Bostic, The Fight|What is the difference? Tell me what is the difference between you and me. We both kill for what we want," the man asks."We lived here first.
Tennessee Williams, A Streetcar Named Desire|I’ve always wondered why love has to be so full of conflict and strife. Why can’t love be simple? Why can’t it just be as pure as two people who realize that they can’t live as well, or as happily, apart as they can together?
- Larken Rose|As for wealth, we live in a civilization which piously denies that it is an end in itself, and treats it exactly this way in practice. One of the most powerful indictments of capitalism is that it compels us to invest most of our creative energies in matters which are in fact purely utilitarian. The means of life become the end. Life consists in laying the material infrastructure for living. It is astonishing that in the twenty-fi rst century, the material organization of life should bulk as large as it did in the Stone Age. The capital which might be devoted to releasing men and women, at least to some moderate degree, from the exigencies of labour is dedicated instead to the task of amassing more capital.
Bertrand R. Brinley, The Big Chunk of Ice: The Last Known Adventure of the Mad Scientists' Club|Whenever a river reaches the ocean, it waits to go back..
Tupac Shakur|I always wondered and perplexed about me not getting any attention for whatever good I did or keep doing in my personal and professional life. Finally, I found the gem of an answer. It was just that I was doing good for the wrong reason and not trying to do the best for the rightful reason.
John Green|Writing is something you do alone. Its a profession for introverts who want to tell you a story but don't want to make eye contact while doing it.", Nerdfighteria Wiki, January 17, 2012]
Jim Britts, To Save a Life|But God made us to life in community, to laugh and cry. To hurt and to celebrate with each other, no matter what were going through.And transformation is tough, and we dont always end up where we think we will.But we have to remember, that even when we struggle to believe in Him, He always believes in us.He fills our lives with purpose and passion, if we just let Him.And the best part of the journey, is that the God of the universe, sometimes allows us to play a part in changing the world.
Cristina Marrero|We never know when our last day on earth will be. So, love with full sincerity, believe with true faith, and hope with all of your might. Better to have lived in truth and discovered life, than to have lived half heartedly and died long before you ever ceased breathing. 
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Knight|You could be David's friend too". She glanced at Tamani when he said nothing. He was frowning. "The two of you really have a lot in common, and we're all in this together".He shook his head. "It wouldn't work"."Why not? He's a nice guy. And it would do you good to have some human friends", she said hinting at what she suspected was the root of the problem. "It's not that", Tamani said, gesturing vaguely with one hand."Then why?" Laurel asked, exasperated."I just don't want to cosy up to the guy whose girl I have every intention of stealing
Lindsay Duncan|Led by a new generation of edgy sportswriters like Lipsyte, we found new purpose in the great issues of the day - race, equal opportunity, drugs, and labor disputes. We became personality journalists, medical writers, and business reporters.
Edna O'Brien, In the Forest|Darkness is drawn to light, but light does not know it; light must absorb the darkness and therefore meet its own extinguishment.
Harry S Truman|An honest man speaks the truth, though it may give offence; a vain man, in order that it may.
Kermit Roosevelt III, Allegiance|I feel an emptiness open in my chest, coupled with a strange downward pull in my throat. I think, this is my heart sinking.
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|The only way to behave to a woman is to make love to her if she is pretty, and to someone else if she is plain.
Stefon Diggs|After 25-plus years as a lawyer, prosecutor, and defense attorney, I have developed a deep appreciation for both the wisdom of the law and the role that jurists play in framing the rights and responsibilities that define our society.
Joan D. Vinge, The Snow Queen|How time slips past, masked in the rhythm of the days!
Robyn Carr, Sunrise Point|Tom. Tom, look at me. Has Nora agreed to marry you?""No, but she will because she has to.
Wu Ming-Yi, The Man with the Compound Eyes|In all honesty, I don’t envy you the possession of this power over memory, nor do I admire you. Because humans are usually completely unconcerned with the memories of other creatures. Human existence involves the willful destruction of the existential memories of other creatures and of your own memories as well. No life can survive without other lives, with the ecological memories of other living creatures have, memories of the environments in which the live. People don’t realize they need to rely on the memories of other organisms to survive. You think that flowers bloom in colorful profusion just to please your eyes. That a wild boar exists just to provide meat for your table. That a fish takes the bait just for you sake. That only you can mourn. That a stone falling into a gorge is of no significance. That a sambar deer, its head bent low to sip at a creek is not a revelation . . . When in fact the finest movement of any organism represents a change in an ecosystem.” The man with the compound eyes takes a deep sign and says: “But if you were any different you wouldn’t be human.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|What a stupendous, what an incomprehensible machine is man! Who can endure toil, famine, stripes, imprisonment and death itself in vindication of his own liberty, and the next moment . . . inflict on his fellow men a bondage, one hour of which is fraught with more misery than ages of that which he rose in rebellion to oppose.
Brenna Yovanoff, Paper Valentine|I wanted her and only her.I wanted to be a part of her storm. I wanted to feel my pulse against hers.I wanted the bitter on her sweet tongue. I wanted the sadness in her sweet syrup eyes. I wanted the silence in her screaming mind and the enigma that is really quite simple- a complicated happiness. I wasn't willing to let go. I was falling completely, forever, into solid fucking love that was swimming through my veins. I wanted to be the breath in her mouth and the rhythm in her chest that would beat only for me.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you chase a butterfly, it will escape;if you feed it, it will come.
Stephen Batchelor, Confession of a Buddhist Atheist|Buddhism does not deny the existence of gods—they are described as powerful beings who can bring rains and victories—but they have no influence on the law that suffering arises from craving. If the mind of a person is free of all craving, no god can make him miserable. Conversely, once craving arises in a person's mind, all the gods in the universe cannot save him from suffering.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|Nico drew his sword. His smile was even more unsettling than his scowl."Underground," he said. "My favorite p
Latika Teotia|So caught up are we in our daily chores, our worries, anxieties, tensions and problems that we hardly notice the magnificence and splendor around us. Make a very conscious effort to see something beautiful around you; just gazing at small beauties fills us with peace. Unless we do that we’ll continue to be caught in this web of anxiety. There is so much joy to be seen in the antics of children as they go about playing unmindful of the people around them. An excited dog on a leash dragging its owner, the crazy jump of a monkey from one tree to another, squirrels playing hooky pokey trying to dodge the prying eyes of human beings are all out there for you to enjoy. Just put the pause button on your routine, take time off to stand and notice; you’ll be filled with so much joy and peace. So start taking delight in little things and appreciate small blessings.
Terri Windling|For some young artists, it can take a bit of time to discover which tools (which medium, or genre, or career pathway) will truly suit them best. For me, although many different art forms attract me, the tools that I find most natural and comfortable are language and oil paint; I've also learned that as someone with a limited number of spoons it's best to keep my toolbox clean and simple. My husband, by contrast, thrives with a toolbox absolutely crowded to bursting, working with language, voice, musical instruments, puppets, masks animated on a theater stage, computer and video imagery, and half a dozen other things besides, no one of these tools more important than the others, and all somehow working together. For other artists, the tools at hand might be needles and thread; or a jeweller's torch; or a rack of cooking spices; or the time to shape a young child's day....To me, it's all art, inside the studio and out. At least it is if we approach our lives that way.
Richard S. Hartmetz|The desolate narrowness, the definitive thinness of experience is both the vainglory and the dead giveaway of a provincial man.
Mollie King|The bed is a bundle of paradoxes: we go to it with reluctance, yet we quit it with regret; we make up our minds every night to leave it early, but we make up our bodies every morning to keep it late.
Satoshi Kanazawa, Social Class & Social Policy|There are certain questions that scientists may not ask, or, more accurately, for some questions, there are certain answers that scientists must a priori preclude from consideration.
James Hollis, What Matters Most: Living a More Considered Life|But above all, in order to be, never try to seem.
Charbel Tadros|Even if life has no purpose, it doesn’t mean that yours shouldn’t have one either. The universe will not care either way.
Patrick Süskind|To be thoroughly conversant with Man’s heart, is to take our final lesson in the iron-clasped volume of Despair
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|Consciousness is not confined within an individual brain. Otherwise, how can it cause changes in the physical state of things outside the brain?
Kenneth Cook, Wake in Fright|I think fear neutralizes alcohol, weakens its anesthetic power. It's good for small fears; your boss, your wife, your bills, your dentist; all right then to take a drink. But for big ones it doesn't do any good. Like water on blazing gasoline, it will only quicken and compound it. It takes sand, in the literal and the slang sense, to smother the bonfire that is fear. And if you're out of sand, then you must burn up.("New York Blues")
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|When I see the moon on a clear night, I do say "blessed be" and I remind myself to be grateful to the universe that I happen to exist in such a lovely and wondrous world, even and especially as I can rattle on about magma cooling, abiogenesis, and natural selection.
Jonathan Haidt, The Righteous Mind: Why Good People are Divided by Politics and Religion|My view [is] that what morality boils down to is, 'Don’t harm, and do help.' And now the question is, 'Can creatures like chickens and cows be harmed?' And the answer is, 'Of course they can.' Consequently, I think it’s immoral to harm them. And that seems to me to provide a very strong moral reason to be vegetarian, to not wear leather... it seems to me that our treatment of animals is morally appalling... and that we ought to radically revise the way we live, precisely because they feel pain, they can be hurt, and we’re constantly hurting these creatures!
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|Does it matter whether it was a dream or a reality, if the dream made known to me the truth?
Mehmet Murat ildan|Similar souls wander in the similar places! They may not know each other, but often they touch the same winds, they step on the same leaves, their looks are lost in the same horizons!
Sunday Adelaja|God created you to be a great, special, and distinguished individual among others, for you to accomplish that which God has put in you
Jill Hathaway, Slide|If you want change and don’t make choices that reflect the change, you are making a choice to keep things the same.
Stephen King, Revival|The mirror's light sparks in the eyes,And horrified, my lids drawn tight,I step back to that realm of nightWhere not a single exit lies...(Untitled: "I pass away this life of mine...")
Eric Chaisson, Epic of Evolution: Seven Ages of the Cosmos|The universe (which others call the Library) is composed of an indefinite, perhaps infinite number of hexagonal galleries.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Within the New Testament, there is no indication that Christians should expect to be healthy, wealthy, and successful in this present age.
George Orwell, 1984|She had had her momentary flowering, a year, perhaps, of wildrose beauty, and then she had suddenly swollen like a fertilized fruit and grown hard and red and coarse, and then her life had been laundering, scrubbing, laundering, first for children, then for grandchildren, over thirty years. At the end of it she was still singing.
Dada Bhagwan|The person who wants to progress on the path of Vitrag (the enlightened ones), should keep the focus of the awareness to progress from the non-auspicious (bad) to the auspicious (good). And if one wants to go to final Liberation [moksha], he should keep ‘pure focus as the Self (Soul)’ (shuddha upayog). The person, who wants to go to Moksha, should not concern himself with the auspicious (good) or the inauspicious (bad). He should keep them both as the things to be cleared out.
Mensah Oteh|Hard work is the foundation of the abundant life, and sacrifice is needed to make it reality.
Rodman Philbrick|I've been fascinated with technology since I was a boy banging around on my father's adding machine. Back then I'd type in an equation, the device made some cool noises, and out came my answer. I was hooked.
Mary Oliver, Wild Geese|I read the way a person might swim, to save his or her life. I wrote that way too.
Liezi, Lieh-tzu: A Taoist Guide to Practical Living|When you think your life is falling apart, it's usually falling together in disguise.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|Silence—true silence is universal. It is the profound stillness at the center of everything, at the center of every relationship—at the center of yourself. While it is always there, it can only be experienced beyond the veil of judgment, expectation, and attachment. From time to time, a person can spontaneously enter into a perfect moment of silence when dancing, watching a sunset, holding an infant, or making love; but for most,true silence remains elusive at best. Yet through various forms of meditation and prayer this veil can be lifted, allowing that inner silence to wash through you, leaving in its wake a cleansed mind and a compassionate heart.
Ana Monnar|Do you come from old money, new money, or no money?
Chris Coppernoll, A Beautiful Fall|I so wish life also had the option of undo making it easier to deal with things you erred. I would have gone back in time to undo every mistake of mine, for which I have paid a very heavy price.
Karen M Gray, Save Your Marriage: A Guide to Restoring & Rebuilding Christian Marriages on the Precipice of Divorce|You often hear it said that people have bad marriages, but in fact, this is not true. Marriage is a God instituted covenant between a man and a woman, and it is good. That has never changed."The institution hasn’t failed – people are failing to work out their problems. Couples are simply giving up and walking away, or simply have no idea what they can try next. The good news is that even “soured” relationships can be healed. Things can change. People can change. Marriages can be better than they ever were before.
RVM|Just because you are what you are, where you are, that does not mean you should continue to be there.
Neal Shusterman, Unwind|Sorry, just ignore the man behind the curtain. Great, a subconscious with a sense of humor.
Sravani Saha Nakhro|Yes, It will be difficult. Yes, It will take enormous time. Yes, they will laugh at you. Yes, you will feel like giving up.Yes, you will win.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|Diversity is Nature’s stronghold, yet that very diversity has become a curse for an entire species, which is supposedly the most advanced one on its planet.
John Greenleaf Whittier|Heard melodies are sweet, but those unheard are sweeter.
Curtis Sittenfeld, The Man of My Dreams|She has always been a bystander in family destruction, never realizing she herself possessed the capacity to inflict it.
Hoda Kotb|If you eat a lot of starchy foods, introduce a vegetable once a week, then twice a week, and then three times a week. Slowly fill your diet with new flavors. By the time you're ready to let go of whatever it is you want to let go of, you've got a full menu.
Kavipriya Moorthy, Dirty Martini|But now, I am addicted to the peace and calm of being alone. There is something so soothing about solitude that I have no urgent wish to give it up and connect with people.
G. Allen Cook|It’s not words, but years we should be editing. Remember: time spent on bad art is a form of redundancy, doing the same thing twice is a form of tautology, and wasting precious moments complaining about life is a form of pleonasm. We should all learn to live our lives concisely.
Jason Jennings, Think Big, Act Small: How America's Most Profitable Companies Keep the Start-up Spirit Alive|If Entrepreneurship was easy, the term would have been easier to pronounce too!
Catherine E. McLean, Karma and Mayhem|What lies behind us and what lies before us are small matters compared to what lies within us."--Ralph Waldo Emerson
Cass Sunstein|I am so saddened and grossed out by young women who look like creepy, old aliens because of their new Barbie noses and lips. Is that a smile or a grimace?
Leslie Jamison, The Empathy Exams: Essays|The problem with saying or feeling 'sorry' is that it often comes after the damage is already done. (..........and a damage is a damage, small or big, it always leave an ugly mark on one's soul)
Saurabh Sharma|Na, it's not about the human desires; it's about the desires being used to get rid of loneliness, insecurity and lack of love we often feel.
John Osborne|Asking a working writer what he thinks about critics is like asking a lamp-post what it feels about dogs.", October 31, 1977]
Jane Jacobs, The Death and Life of Great American Cities|I know for a fact the first UFOs reported in modern times, just before the crash at Roswell, were boomerang shaped and were reported as 'flying saucers' to describe the motion of their flight, like a saucer skipping over water. Yet immediately after, people saw and photographed saucer-shaped objects. Boomerang-shaped objects were rarely seen. Now people mostly report seeing large triangles instead of discs or boomerangs, because that is what they are told to expect to see.
Ron Chernow|Small- and medium-sized businesses need access to a diverse range of finance options, including non-bank lending. These new forms of finance are still small in scale today but they should, over time, bring additional choice and greater competition to the lending market.
Kristen Callihan, The Hook Up|What she saw, she felt. Her eyes went straight to her heart.
Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality|Oftentimes in reality, the genius is in the position of the antihero. Neither the good guys nor the bad guys really trust him because his truth is universal.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|When you believe it, you've created it, whatever it is
Nate Berkus|I remember one time when all the nuns in my Catholic grade school got around in a semicircle, me and Mom in the middle, and they said, 'Mrs. Farley, the children at school are laughing at Christopher, not with him.' I thought, 'Who cares? As long as they're laughing.'
Ted Dekker, The Sanctuary|It is. And yet so few really are free. Nearly all people live in prisons of their own making, regardless of their faith, creed, sex or race.
Liam Neeson|It's funny how a chubby kid can just be having fun, and people call it entertainment!
Loretta Lynch|It's often difficult for those who are lucky enough to have never experienced what true depression is to imagine a life of complete hopelessness, emptiness and fear.
Sargent Shriver|Stand up comedy is this thing you get to do, so you have to treat it with respect. You can't just be like, 'Alright, I got my hour down, people are coming to see me now. Now, I'm going to lean on the mike stand.' No, you gotta work even harder now. You got to top what you already did. Because they'll find someone else.
Gaston Bachelard|Of course, thanks to the house, a great many of our memories are housed, and if the house is a bit elaborate, if it has a cellar and a garret, nooks and corridors, our memories have refuges that are all the more clearly delineated. All our lives we come back to them in our daydreams. A psychoanalyst should, therefore, turn his attention to this simple localization of our memories. I should like to give the name of topoanalysis to this auxiliary of pyschoanalysis. Topoanalysis, then would be the systematic psychological study of the sites of our intimate lives.
Alvar Aalto|Look, architecture has a lot of places to hide behind, a lot of excuses. 'The client made me do this.' 'The city made me do this.' 'Oh, the budget.' I don't believe that anymore.
John Kuypers, What's Important Now: Shedding The Past So You Can Live In The Present|...as long as you are motivated by the approval of others, you cannot know with confidence whether the decisions you are making in your life are what's right for you... pg 102
Jack Spicer|Most of my friends like words too well. They set them under the blinding light of the poem and try to extract every possible connotation from each of them, every temporary pun, every direct or indirect connection - as if a word could become an object by mere addition of consequences. Others pick up words from the streets, from their bars, from their offices and display them proudly in their poems as if they were shouting, "See what I have collected from the American language. Look at my butterflies, my stamps, my old shoes!" What does one do with all this crap?
Marsha Norman, 'night, Mother|I see it on his face. I hear it when he talks. We look out at the world and we see the same thing: Not Fair. And the only difference between us is Ricky's out there trying to get even. And he knows not trust anybody and he got it straight from me. And he knows not to try and get work, and guess where he got that. He walks around like there's loose boards in the floor, and you know who laid that floor, I did.
Rakesh Wadhwani|Plain and simple, marketing is about nothing more than getting your product or service in front of likely buyers in a positively memorable way. Although there have been thousands of books written about marketing, that really is all that it’s about. When starting a business or growing your existing business, you must come to grips with the fact that marketing is SUPER IMPORTANT. In fact without effective marketing and a steady stream of customers, nothing else about your business really matters. The fancy LLC you just setup doesn’t matter. The super-detailed “Operating Agreement” doesn’t matter. The S-Corp you formed doesn’t matter and the new office space you just built out doesn’t matter either. Poor marketing makes people poor. Great marketing makes people rich.
Lindsay Detwiler|There is tragedy all around us, we pick up pieces, we find our feet and before long another turn of events stare us in the eyes; like we're some kind of magician- the fight seems endless, so I look to the world for inspiration. I observe and I watch how others face adversity, some hide from it, some master each lesson and some create a life with it... Our lessons don't define us, our integrity to keep rising after every fall is.
Eric Weiner, The Geography of Genius: A Search for the World's Most Creative Places from Ancient Athens to Silicon Valley|That difference, that indefinable difference between talent and genius. It is as fine as hair, invisible to the eye and even, most of the time, to the ear. But in her face when she looks at her brother, I see that it may as well be a huge uncrossable chasm.
Richard Matheson, I Am Legend and Other Stories|After a while, though, even the deepest sorrow faltered, even the most penetrating despair lost its scalpel edge.
C R Lord|It is a horrible thing that those who oppose Christ oppose themselves and in their opposition to Christ they are bound by Satan and enslaved by his lies and temptations.We may rightly say; "I once was blind but now I see." Now as we have been enlightened by the Holy Spirit we should be able to care enough about those who are still bound to pray that God would have the same mercy on them that he has given freely to us."C R Lord 2017
Stormie Omartian, Lead Me, Holy Spirit: Longing to Hear the Voice of God|All the stories and poems and letters and oracles and wisdom verses of God's Word, like individual instruments in a great orchestra, serve THE WHOLE story.
Virginia Woolf|Dearest, I feel certain that I am going mad again. I feel we can't go through another of those terrible times. And I shan't recover this time. I begin to hear voices, and I can't concentrate. So I am doing what seems the best thing to do. You have given me the greatest possible happiness. You have been in every way all that anyone could be. I don't think two people could have been happier 'til this terrible disease came. I can't fight any longer. I know that I am spoiling your life, that without me you could work. And you will I know. You see I can't even write this properly. I can't read. What I want to say is I owe all the happiness of my life to you. You have been entirely patient with me and incredibly good. I want to say that – everybody knows it. If anybody could have saved me it would have been you. Everything has gone from me but the certainty of your goodness. I can't go on spoiling your life any longer. I don't think two people could have been happier than we have been. V.
Omrane Khuder|VILLAIN.By Omrane Khuder.Staggering, tripping, stumbling down the tightrope,hastening to be set free.Yearning to be protected by the Superhero,before the Villain’s revulsion ingests me.Misplacing my footing on the tightrope,hands sweltering as the rope is pulled away.Glancing down at the fire below me,the chuckling Villain has won today.Little did I know, it was He setting me free.Little did I know, the tightrope was me.
Edgar Rice Burroughs, The Return of Tarzan|So glorious does love transfigure its object"~Tarzan
Sunday Adelaja|When you serve people, God will send people to bless you
Nas|We have this idea of bureaucracy in local government, and it's generally things that we're frustrated at. It doesn't work the way we like it to work.
Kirk Cameron|People will constantly bring up my past and throw it in my face, but the Creator of the Universe doesn't. If you ask forgiveness from Him, then it's gone forever. The past is never brought up to shame you or degrade you.
Ryan Holiday, Ego Is the Enemy|Doing great work is a struggle. It's draining, it's demoralizing, it's frightening - not always, but it can feel that way when we're deep in the middle of it.
Thomas Pynchon, Gravity's Rainbow|All the animals, the plants, the minerals, even other kinds of men, are being broken and reassembled every day, to preserve an elite few, who are the loudest to theorize on freedom, but the least free of all.
Charlotte Eriksson|The sky was so blue I couldn’t look at it because it made me sad, swelling tears in my eyes and they dripped quietly on the floor as I got on with my day. I tried to keep my focus, ticked off the to-do list, did my chores. Packed orders, wrote emails, paid bills and rewrote stories,but the panic kept growing, exploding in my chest. Tears falling on the desktick tick tickme not making a soundand some days I just don't know what to do. Where to go or who to see and I try to be gentle, soft and kind,but anxiety eats you up and I just want to be fine.
Fabrizio Moreira|People with financial plans are much more likely to feel prepared, even in tumultuous times. They're more likely to feel that their dreams and goals are secure. And, oh yes, they do actually save significantly more.
Deyth Banger, 4 Hours|For everything you embrace, there is a consequence
Dean Koontz, The Darkest Evening of the Year|Billy Pilgrim had a theory about diaries.Women were more likely than men to think that their lives had sufficient meaning to require recording on a daily basis. It was not for the most part a God-is-leading-me-on-a-wondrous-journey kind of meaning, but more an I've-gotta-be-me-but-nobody-cares sentimentalism that passed for meaning, and they usually stopped keeping a diary by the time they hit thirty, because by then they didn't want to ponder the meaning of life anymore because it scared the crap out of them.
Rhys Ifans|Failure saves lives. In the airline industry, every time a plane crashes the probability of the next crash is lowered by that. The Titanic saved lives because we're building bigger and bigger ships. So these people died, but we have effectively improved the safety of the system, and nothing failed in vain.
Hannah Harrington, Saving June|You know, just because you think bubblegum pop on the radio represents all that is wrong with society, that doesn’t mean there’s not someone out there who needs that shitty pop song. Maybe that shitty pop song makes them feel good, about themselves and the world. And as long as that shitty pop song doesn’t infringe upon your rights to rock out to, I don’t know, Subway Sect, or Siouxsie and the Banshees, or whichever old-ass band it is you worship, then who cares?
Criss Jami, Killosophy|We applaud patience, but prefer it to be a virtue that others possess.
F. Calvin Parker|Tea followers were among the earliest converts to the Christian faith. Takayama Ukon, a daimyo turned ardent evangelist, was a disciple of Sen no Rikyu, the preeminent tea master of all time. After Christianity had been banned - Takayama was exiled to the Philippines - underground Christians cherished the tea ceremony as the only opportunity to assemble without arousing suspicion on the part of the authorities. It proved to be a fitting substitute for Holy Communion; even in its Zen context the rite symbolized the giving of oneself. For Christians liable to detection and torture because of their outlawed faith, it was a solemn reminder that Christ had willingly given his life for them. Some of the cups were boldly inscribed with a cross. So it is little wonder that some Japanese Christians have envisioned their Lord in the graceful robe of a Zen tea master.
Anonymous|He looked as if he had been poured into his clothes and had forgotten to say "when."
Daniel Clausen, Ghosts of Nagasaki: Silence|Sometimes I think if we didn’t have these problems the whole world would stop spinning on her axis, we’d all stop spinning on our axises, axes, or whatever you want to call them, and then we’d have to settle into the nasty business of finding a way to be happy.
Dawn Camp, The Gift of Friendship: Stories That Celebrate the Beauty of Shared Moments|We need those who laugh when we laugh, cry when we cry, and then pass the chips and salsa.
Richard Matheson, What Dreams May Come|Failures plagued me. Things I had omitted or ignored, neglected. What I should have given and hadn’t. I felt the biting pang of every unfulfillment.
Manoj Arora, From the Rat Race to Financial Freedom|You must tell your money how you want to live your life, and not the other way round.
Deb Caletti, The Secret Life of Prince Charming|When what you want is a relationship, and not a person, get a dog.
David R. Hawkins, Power vs. Force|I am he who cometh out of the depths. My lords, you are great and rich. There lies your danger. You profit by the night; but beware! The dawn is all-powerful. You cannot prevail over it. It is coming. Nay! it is come. Within it is the day-spring of irresistible light. And who shall hinder that sling from hurling the sun into the sky. The sun I speak of is Right. You are Privilege. Tremble!
Trinity Jones, A Rock Song for Poet Girl|As I build sentences, I roll them sometimes on my mouth to taste them as I write them. I have this emptying of the mind and the focusing on that single thing, that infinitesimal moment and there is perfection, you know, as if I exist fully in that nanosecond of emotion.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|Love and Fear are polar opposites. Love originates from the soul, while Fear and worries and insecurities originate in the mind. Love is Heavenly, while Fear is Earthly. Love is a gift from Above, Fear is a burden from below.
Sarah Brownlee|I stood in my garden as the rain poured down, eyes closed, and when I opened them I thought to myself how I'd never seen anything more beautiful. Green flashed before my eyes; trees, leaves and grass, glittering with raindrops, the tears of angels weeping with sadness and joy; green, the colour of love, to remind me why I'm here.
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|Think personally, act communally.
Vladimir Nabokov|Listen—I want to run all my life, screaming at the top of my lungs. Let all of life be an unfettered howl. Like the crowd greeting the gladiator. Don’t stop to think, don’t interrupt the scream, exhale, release life’s rapture. Everything is blooming. Everything is flying. Everything is screaming, choking on its screams. Laughter. Running. Let-down hair. That is all there is to life.
Andrei Tarkovsky, Sculpting in Time|When it comes to love, it's always worth the sacrifice. Always.
Greg Behrendt, He's Just Not That Into You: The No-Excuses Truth to Understanding Guys|We (men) would rather lose an arm out a city bus window than tell you simply, “You’re not theone.” We are quite sure you will kill us or yourself or both—or even worse, cry and yell at us.
Erin McKean, The Secret Lives of Dresses|Singing when no one else is around is always good. I especially like belters. Good, loud singing is probably better medicine than half the stuff they sell in pill bottles, and it's cheaper, too. I also think people should never turn down an opportunity to hold a baby. There's something about the feel of a new baby in your arms that just fixes you.
Jimmy Carter|Republicans are men of narrow vision, who are afraid of the future.
Christopher Zzenn Loren, Unspirituality: Permission to Be Human|Far from being marginalized, as is presently the case, nineteenth-century freethought was a social movement at the core of our national life.
Marcel H. Van Herpen, Putin's Wars: The Rise of Russia's New Imperialism|How can you say it was all a lie?” I ask, just above a whisper. “Matt was my best friend. I loved him that way always. ‘We have to look out for her.’ That was the last thing he said to me alone. And then he died. What was I supposed to do, Frank? Tell me?
Israelmore Ayivor|The question is not "can you wear your father's shoes?". The question is "can you walk in your father's shoes?". It is one thing having a mentor and it is another thing to become like your mentor.
Lester B. Pearson|I feel beautiful when I'm at peace with myself. When I'm serene, when I'm a good person, when I've been considerate of others.
Charlie Dent|Such lovely warmth of thought and delicacy of colour are beyond all praise, and equally beyond all thanks!
Edward Feser, The Last Superstition: A Refutation of the New Atheism|Jung Chang said that Mao ruled by getting people to hate each other: ‘Mao had managed to turn the people into the ultimate weapon of dictatorship. That was why under him there was no real equivalent of the KGB in China. There was no need. In bringing out and nourishing the worst in people, Mao had created a moral wasteland and a land of hatred.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|No person is more ruthlessly cheated than someone strip-mined of his or her ability to recall the vibrancy of the past. After all, what would any person be if robbed of all sense of long-term memory? Without memories, all that any person would know about life is if he or she was hungry or thirsty, cold or hot. Without memories of the past and shredded of any illusion of a future there cannot be a frame for our existence. Without a sense of memory, we lack cognition of the very essence of our being. In absence of our memories, there can be no introspection, no ethical awareness, and no devotion, loyalty, or love.
Kyle Idleman, Not a Fan: Becoming a Completely Committed Follower of Jesus|Peace can only be achieved by a contrite spirit, open communication and tolerance.
John Grisham|A sharp bolt of hunger hit Luther hard. His knees almost buckled, his poker face almost grimaced. For two weeks now his sense of smell had been much keener, no doubt a side effect of a strict diet. Maybe he got a whiff of Mabel's finest, he wasn't sure, but a craving came over him. Suddenly, he had to have something to eat. Suddenly, he wanted to snatch the bag from Kendall, rip open a package, and start gnawing on a fruitcake.
Franz Kafka, The Trial|I spent the afternoon musing on Life. If you come to think of it, what a queer thing Life is! So unlike anything else, don't you know, if you see what I mean.
Meek Mill|How cool it is to see a bride walking down the aisle with a beautiful long gown with beautiful layers of tulle and organza, unveiling their mini dress at the party?
Megan Boyle, Selected Unpublished Blog Posts of a Mexican Panda Express Employee|Our metaphors for the operation of the brain are frequently drawn from the production line. We think of the brain as a glorified sausage machine, taking in information from the senses, processing it and regurgitating it in a different form, as thoughts or actions. The digital computer reinforces this idea because it is quite explicitly a machine that does to information what a sausage machine does to pork. Indeed, the brain was the original inspiration and metaphor for the development of the digital computer, and early computers were often described as 'giant brains'. Unfortunately, neuroscientists have sometimes turned this analogy on its head, and based their models of brain function on the workings of the digital computer (for example by assuming that memory is separate and distinct from processing, as it is in a computer). This makes the whole metaphor dangerously self-reinforcing.
Leigh Hershkovich|You must want to change. It sounds simple, but it’s obviously not. If things were easy, then something would be wrong. You must make a firm decision that this is what you want. If you want to change, if you want to free yourself from a depressed, mediocre mindset, then you must make a conscious decision to do something about it, and stick to it. If you don’t want to change, nothing will help you. Years of endless work will be lost on you unless you internalize your strength and push forward. It is how hard you push in times of difficulty that will prove your strength.
Sabrina Newby|Your obstacles are not your end. Please remember that, and try again.
Sophie Kinsella, Confessions of a Shopaholic|Rule of life. If you bother to ask someone’s advice, then bother to listen to it.
Lori R. Lopez|I'm the first to admit that I don't write right. Now, relax and enjoy the show! The sideshow, that is.
Assegid Habtewold|Love is not self-sacrifice, but the most profound assertion of your own needs and values. It is for your own happiness that you need the person you love, and that is the greatest compliment, the greatest tribute you can pay to that person.
Jack Vance|By the time I was a senior in high school, I knew I wanted to move to Silicon Valley and learn more about computers and the Internet. I just fell in love with technology and the potential of everything the Internet had to offer.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|Eggs," said Henry dreamily, looking at his plate. "I do love eggs. I could eat them all day.
Tom Brokaw|Do not imagine that what we have said of the insufficiency of our understanding and of its limited extent is an assertion founded only on the Bible: for philosophers likewise assert the same, and perfectly understand it,- without having regard to any religion or opinion.
Bryan Stevenson, Just Mercy: A Story of Justice and Redemption|The reality of his predicament hit him hard. There’s no way out of this now, save arrest or death. Professor Ratib had made it sound so academic, but it wasn't. Regardless of whether we're attacking human- or infrastructure-related targets, it's terrorism. If Husam thinks that I’m a risk, I’m dead.
William Shakespeare, Richard II|Not where he eats, but where he is eaten’?” He laughed again. “Racine has his moments, sure, but you can’t beat Shakespeare for the really grisly stuff.
Nina Hrusa|Later that day when I walked down this dried-out riverbed, enjoying the last rays of sunshine on my bare skin, I felt a deep inner peace coming up straight from my heart.
David McGee|If I can hold God's attention, I can hold the world's..
Madison Thorne Grey, Sustenance|Never try to stop me again," he told her. It was a sensuous command of a lover and brought a chill of excitement in Mahgen's spirit, spreading throughout every inch of her body."No, Kathel," she said, "if that is my punishment, I shall always try and stop you.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|I want you to embark on the truth of loving yourself because when you love yourself and when you appreciate yourself, you will make healthy changes in your life for healthy reasons.
James Burtschaell|Now: unlike ourselves, the Father of Jesus loves men and women, not for what He finds in them, but for what lies within Himself. It is not because men and women are good that He loves them, nor only good men and women that He loves. It is because He is so unutterably good that He loves all persons, good and evil. ... He loves the loveless, the unloving, the unlovable. He does not detect what is congenial, appealing, attractive, and respond to it with His favor. In fact, He does not respond at all. The Father of Jesus is a source. He acts; He does not react. He initiates love. He is love without motive.
Milton Friedman|There is no alternative way, so far discovered, of improving the lot of the ordinary people that can hold a candle to the productive activities that are unleashed by a free enterprise system...
Ali Sheikh, Closure of the Helpdesk — A Geek Tragedy|You know what happens at any magic show? When the magician says ‘look here, look here,’ the audience looks only there and nowhere else. And that’s exactly what happened at the earnings conference today.
Octavio Paz|Poetry is the experience of liberty. The poet risks himself, chances all on the poem's all with each verse he writes.
Henry Cloud, Changes That Heal: How to Understand the Past to Ensure a Healthier Future|The great thing about falling apart, is that you get to decide how to put yourself back together. Make good choices.
CHINNAREDDY|know your strengths so,that it can strengthen you much more...
Emme Rollins, Dear Rockstar|Like a butterfly stuck in a chrysalis, waiting for the perfect moment, I was waiting for the day I could burst forth and fly away and find my home.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Drunkenness. This Greek word means overindulgence in alcohol. Alcohol may be used for medicine, but it can also become a terrible drug. The way it is used in our world is probably one of the great evils of our day. It is a self-inflicted impediment that springs from “a man taking a drink, a drink taking a drink, and drink taking the man.”Distilled liquors as we have them today were unknown in Bible times.12
Douglas N. Walton|Life teaches us that human thought almost never walks hand in hand with logic, and it is usually counterproductive to raise the point.
Julie Cross, Letters to Nowhere|Not all fairytales have happy endings, my dear...Not all witches burn in ovens, not every princess wakes up, and sometimes the trail of breadcrumbs doesn’t lead to a safe place...I should know.”- Extract from The Blood Witching, copyright Eleanor Keane.
Ronald Wright, A Short History of Progress|I have always unswervingly held, that God, in our civilizing world, manifests Himself not in the miracles of biblical age, but in progress. It is progress that leads humanity up the ladder towards the God-head. No Jacob's ladder this, no, but rather Civilization's Ladder, if you will.
Benjamin Watson|After 'The Fellowship of the Ring,' the films that followed it, instead of having their own unique aesthetic, they all wanted to be 'Lord of the Rings' as opposed to learning from 'Lord of the Rings.'
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|It is never wrong to inspire, for Jesus Christ became an inspiration to many who had been given the tag of condemnation
Tom Perrotta, The Leftovers|As one who appreciated the tragic side of eating, it seemed to him that anything other than fruit for dessert implied a reprehensible frivolity, and cakes in particular ended up annihilating the flavour of quiet sadness that must be allowed to linger at the end of a great culinary performance.
Leigh Hershkovich, Shattered Illusions|People are ignorant of what any street clock knows. Why? Because the crack that cleaves existence also swallows their existence-reflecting consciousnesses. Thrown back into existence, the poor souls don't suspect that a moment ago they didn't exist - and only isolated things and persons, swallowed by the crack never to return to this world, arouse a certain fear and foreboding.
Donna Jacobs Sife|Stories. Character. Dialouge. Entire worlds created on the page. Worlds that could sweep you away or frighten you, make you laugh or cry. Worlds that allowed you to escape to another country or time. Worlds built piece by piece of ink and punctuation.
Jackie Joyner-Kersee|There's no happier person than a truly thankful, content person.
Terry Tempest Williams, When Women Were Birds: Fifty-four Variations on Voice|I would like to sing someone to sleep,to sit beside someone and be there.I would like to rock you and sing softlyand go with you to and from sleep.I would like to be the one in the housewho knew: The night was cold.And I would like to listen in and listen outinto you, into the world, into the woods.The clocks shout to one another striking,and one sees to the bottom of time.And down below one last, strange man walks byand rouses a strange dog.And after that comes silence.I have laid my eyes upon you wide;and they hold you gently and let you gowhen something stirs in the dark.
Abhijit Naskar|Nanak wanted to preach people that God loves both the Hindus and the Muslims the same way. Believing in his spiritual encounter, he wanted to eliminate the distance between the Hindus and the Muslims by teaching the words of equality and One God. But just like usual, he ended up forming yet another religion which became more and more hardcore with its own rituals and regulations in the hands of the subsequent nine Gurus.
Amit Kalantri|Worship the work not the God, because work is God.
Anna Pavlova|It's not possible to experience constant euphoria, but if you're grateful, you can find happiness in everything.
Anne Lamott|Christmas, children, is not a date. It is a state of mind.
Hester Lucy Stanhope|My roses are my jewels, the sun and moon my clocks, fruit and water my food and drink.
Sahara Sanders, INDIGO DIARIES: A Series of Novels|It's true that we, writers, write (create) books, but eventually, a good book gives birth to a good, established writer.
Julia Child|We're getting ready to sit down at the table and have Thanksgiving, and there's people that are not with their families. There are people that are in dangerous areas, putting their lives on the line to keep our country free, and I think that's something we should all celebrate every day.
Debasish Mridha|If you are loving, you will attract love. If you are kind, you will attract kindness. If your heart is at peace, you will create an aura of peacefulness around you.
John Crowley, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from the 1940's Until Now|Should he make a note? He felt for the smooth shape of his pen in his pocket. 'Theme for a novel: The contrary pull ... " No. If this notion were real, he needn't make a note. A notion on which a note had to be made would be stillborn anyway, his notebook was a parish register of such, born and dead on the same page. Let it live if it can. ("Novelty")
Karl Marx, The Communist Manifesto|In a country where the sole employer is the State, opposition means death by slow starvation. The old principle: who does not work shall not eat, has been replaced by a new one: who does not obey shall not eat.
Bernard of Clairvaux|Thrilled that Reyes and I were outside, and taking that as her cue to get her freak on, Artemis ran around like a gerbil on meth, turning occasionally to make sure we were still watching. And God help us if we weren't.
Manu Pratap|Little things matter far more than big ones. We remember them longer. We can’t control the big things. If you think about what’s happened in the past, it will be the small moments that come to the forefront, not the big transitions. The big things were just history. The small moments are yours. The books those monks printed are still preserved centuries after they were gone. Little things matter.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Boy Who Lost Fairyland|Sometimes, magic is like that. It lands on your head like a piano, a stupid, ancient, unfunny joke, and you spend the rest of your life picking sharps and flats out of your hair.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|...while some communities are chasing visions out, others are chasing one another away. ....while some leaders love breaking records, others love breaking constructed buildings. Good leaders deserve golden trophies while gas cylinder is o.k for the bad ones!
Elizabeth Berg, The Year of Pleasures|Awakening is not a thing. It is not a goal, not a concept. It is not something to be attained. It is a metamorphosis. If the caterpillar thinks about the butterfly it is to become, saying ‘And then I shall have wings and antennae,’ there will never be a butterfly. The caterpillar must accept its own disappearance in its transformation. When the marvelous butterfly takes wing, nothing of the caterpillar remains.
Dan Alatorre|I come up with an idea and I’ll start throwing little suggestions for possible scenes into a folder, but before I seriously sit down to write Word One, they whole outline is finished. Sue me. It works.
Siri Hustvedt|Because I knew so much about him, because I had been close to him, I couldn't bring the various fragments of my experience with him into a single coherent image. The truth was mobile and contradictory, and I was willing to live with that.
J.B. McGee, Broken|There are no people who are whole" he says. "Everyone has issues of their own to deal with. Mine might be a little harder, but the main thing is how on deals with them.
John W. Snow|I worked half my life to be an overnight success, and still it took me by surprise.
Ruthy Alon, Mindful Spontaneity: Lessons in the Feldenkrais Method|Aren't we all in varying degrees, captives in our own personal prisons, bound by our limiting habits?
Henri Poincaré, The Value of Science|To be successful, you must find peace of mind, acquire the material needs of life, and above all, attain happiness. All of these evidences of success begin in the form of thought impulses.
Charles Wright, Littlefoot: A Poem|What makes us leave what we love best?What is it inside us that keeps erasing itselfWhen we need it most,That sends us into uncertainty for its own sakeAnd holds us flush there until we begin to love itAnd have to begin again?What is it within our own lives we decline to liveWhenever we find it, making our days unendurable,And nights almost visionless?I still don't know yet, but I do it.
Roy H. Williams, Secret Formulas of the Wizard of Ads|Writing a book is easy, getting people to read it is the hard part.
Kathy Reichs, Exposure|Life is, at times, tough...And all we need to do is to prove that we are tougher than it...
Timothy J. Keller, King's Cross: The Story of the World in the Life of Jesus|Perfection does not mean errorless . Real perfection starts with real intention and ends with delivery, all driven by seeking knowledge, trial & error and investing emotions. Whatever delivered after that is perfect .
Gary Hamel, Leading the Revolution: How to Thrive in Turbulent Times by Making Innovation a Way of Life|**New business concepts are always, always the product of lucky foresight.**That's right - the essential insight doesn't come out of any dirigiste planning process; it comes form some cocktail of happenstance, desire, curiosity, ambition and need. But at the end of the day, there has to be a degree of foresight -- a sense of where new riches lie. So radical innovation is always one part fortuity and one part clearheaded vision.[first-line bold by author][2002] p.23
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|...Nobody knows like a woman how to say things that are both sweet and profound. Sweetness and depth, this is all of woman; this is Heaven.
Arturo Pérez-Reverte, The Club Dumas|In essence , games are the only universally serious activity . They leave no room for skepticism , wouldn't you agree ? However incredulous or doubting you might be , if you want to play , you have no choice but to follow the rules . Only the person who respects the rules , or at least knows and applies them , can win . Reading a book is the same : you have to accept the plot and the characters to enjoy the story .
Nina Sankovitch, Tolstoy and the Purple Chair: My Year of Magical Reading|We are what we love to read, and when we admit to loving a book, we admit that the book represents some aspect of ourselves truly, whether it is that we are suckers for romance or pining for adventure or secretly fascinated by crime.
Mujel Hasan, No Return Address: A collection of poems|You stand for what is right-for the patient and the staff.Pressures of work may down you,maybe bent but not broken.
Andrew Louth, Introducing Eastern Orthodox Theology|The smaller you get—the smaller life makes you—the easier it is to see the grandeur of grace. While I am far more incapable than I may have initially thought, God is infinitely more capable than I ever hoped.
Rachel Cusk, Outline|That’s writing for you: when you make space for passion, it doesn’t turn up.
Laurie Colwin|She said that my good qualities were my bad qualities -- this I have come to realize is true of everyone. On the one hand, I was game, eager and perfectly ready to see what was in front of me. On the other hand, I had no sense of direction or destiny.
Brigid Brophy|There are always two people involved in cruelty, aren't there? One to be vicious and someone to suffer! And what's the use of getting rid of - of wickedness, say - in the outside world if you let it creep back into things from inside you?
Suzanne Brockmann, Out of Control|I’m going to carry you now,” he told her, “so we can move even faster. I’m not asking you, I’m telling you. Any response from you is unnecessary and unwelcome.
Melissa Tagg, From the Start|Maybe that was the best part. The beautiful peace that came with living her own story, knowing every turn of the page and tug of the heart was a new beginning.
Alice Jamieson, Today I'm Alice: Nine Personalities, One Tortured Mind|It’s hard to feel supported when you can’t tell people everything. People haven’t really got a clue what it’s like. It’s hard to trust anyone. It’s hard to believe people won’t let you down. I’m feeling like I want to cry. My body feels hollow. Empty. I don’t feel like I’m 17. I feel young. I’m not sure how old, maybe about 10 yrs. It’s hard to accept that I can’t get all the support I need from one person. From any person. It’s hard that no one can fully understand. It’s hard for me to admit that inside I feel a really lonely person. What do I need to do to take care of myself right now? Well I need to cuddle my teddies — it sounds silly, but I need some comfort... I was still cuddling teddies when I should have been cuddling boys. The sick imagery in my mind, rather than making me sexually active, had closed that door completely.
Mike Carey, The Unwritten, Vol. 5: On to Genesis|Stories are what death thinks he puts an end to. He can't understand that they end in him, but they don't end with him.
Laurel Clark|I wanted to do my part to help preserve that golden age of travel... I step aboard The Patron Tequila Express railcar, and I go back in time to the days when a long journey was something fun and very special.
Francis Bacon|I think people just like seeing friendship. I think people like seeing people who just drive each other up the wall, but at same time, can't live without each other.
Trofim Lysenko|You should welcome getting older in golf. With greater knowledge of your swing, you, too, can keep improving.
Fennel Hudson, A Meaningful Life - Fennel's Journal - No. 1|Of the classic fIve W's and an H, Amy's approach seemed to be that when you have a handle on the WHO, the rest will more or less reveal itself accordingly.
Mary Decker|Our children are obese, either have or being threatened by diabetes, high blood pressure, high cholesterol, and not socially adjusting properly to others because of a lack of fitness.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|Instead of asking, “How can I ease my suffering?” yoga would have us ask,“How can I better serve my brothers and sisters?” Because only in answering the latter can we hope to answer the former.
John Lydon|A sense of humor keen enough to show a man his own absurdities will keep him from the commission of all sins, or nearly all, save those worth committing.
Kelseyleigh Reber, If I Resist|She lay on her back, looking up at the sky, feeling no desire to move or think or know that there was any time beyond this moment.
Fidel Castro|My mother was a high school arts teacher, so I was always surrounded by the arts.
Austin Chant, Peter Darling|When you realize your life isn't heading in the direction you wish, rather than wasting time complaining about the situation, just focus on the direction you wish to proceed with determination.
Peter S. Beagle, A Fine and Private Place|When we're struck with cruelty, we can either inflict the same on others like it's a rite of passage, or decide that here is where it stops.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Maybe there's more we all could have done, but we just have to let the guilt remind us to do better next time.
Adam Silvera|A surprising number of American skyjackers were not yet old enough to drink or sometimes even drive. These adolescents were generally inept at planning their crimes, and few of their capers met with any success; most seemed to end within moments of starting, usually after a fatherly pilot convinced the nervous teen to hand over his gun.
Sebastian Barry|Many talk about flowing against the wind, but its only fools, who goes against the wind. The wise one’s, simply adjust themselves with the flow of the wind.
Matthew Heines|Special Super Bowl Wisdom of the Ages: "Wilson or Brady?" The writing is on the ball...
William Walker Atkinson, Thought Vibration|Remember, the only thing to fear is Fear, and - well, don't even fear Fear, for he's a cowardly chap at the best, who will run if you show a brave front.
Caitlyn Paige|What ever happened to creativity? What ever happened to the passion? What ever happened to speaking ones mind? I'll tell you what happened. The kids aged, but never grew up. A baby can whine if it does not like something because it doesn't know better. What's your excuse? Stop getting offended whenever the wind blows your hair the wrong way! We will get nowhere if we continue to avoid truths to avoid offense. Speak your mind and do not be afraid of stepping on toes. The truth can be ugly, and that's what makes it so beautiful. Speak your mind, but don't take this as a chance to lose respect either. Always keep respect. If someone then still claims to be offended, it is not because of you, nor is it your fault. They simply don't like the taste of the bittersweet truth.
Cynthia Patterson|Not in order to justify, but simply in order to explain my lack of consistency, I say: Look at my present life and then at my former life, and you will see that I do attempt to carry them out. It is true that I have not fulfilled one thousandth part of them [Christian precepts], and I am ashamed of this, but I have failed to fulfill them not because I did not wish to, but because I was unable to. Teach me how to escape from the net of temptations that surrounds me, help me and I will fulfill them; even without help I wish and hope to fulfill them.Attack me, I do this myself, but attack me rather than the path I follow and which I point out to anyone who asks me where I think it lies. If I know the way home and am walking along it drunkenly, is it any less the right way because I am staggering from side to side! If it is not the right way, then show me another way; but if I stagger and lose the way, you must help me, you must keep me on the true path, just as I am ready to support you. Do not mislead me, do not be glad that I have got lost, do not shout out joyfully: “Look at him! He said he was going home, but there he is crawling into a bog!” No, do not gloat, but give me your help and support.
Karen  Gibbs|Sometimes life takes you into a dark place where you feel it's impossible to breathe. You think you've been buried, but don't give up, because if truth be told, you've actually been planted.
Burl Barer, The Saint|Well, if you don’t like the idea of one world, how many worlds do you want, and how would you like them divided? By race? By religion? By income? Unless you have a spare planet in your pocket, one world is all we have.
Sadhguru, Of Mystics & Mistakes|You can convert this human system into absolute receptivity, where you can perceive life in ways that you have never believed possible. If you keep all your ideas, emotions and your nonsense aside, maybe you can take a step, move one inch. One little step existentially is worth more than all the scriptures that you can read on the planet. One little step is far more important than all the philosophies that you can spout.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, Disciples of Fortune|A man’s true world should be the space and people that enrich his soul,
Dorit Brauer|On the surface, reality may appear the same each day, but in essence, we are new every moment of our lives. The potential for change and growth is unlimited if we allow ourselves to surrender to the flow.
Sylvia Earle|There never was a time when, in my opinion, some way could not be found to prevent the drawing of the sword.
Luminita D. Saviuc, 15 Things You Should Give Up to Be Happy: An Inspiring Guide to Discovering Effortless Joy|Forgiveness is a gift you give to yourself, to be at peace, to be happy and to be able to sleep at night. You don’t forgive because you are weak but because you are strong enough to realize that only by giving up on resentment will you be happy.
Marston Bates, The Nature Of Natural History|All children are curious and I wonder by what process this trait becomes developed in some and suppressed in others. I suspect again that schools and colleges help in the suppression insofar as they meet curiosity by giving the answers, rather than by some method that leads from narrower questions to broader questions. It is hard to satisfy the curiosity of a child, and even harder to satisfy the curiosity of a scientist, and methods that meet curiosity with satisfaction are thus not apt to foster the development of the child into the scientist. I don't advocate turning all children into professional scientists, although I think there would be advantages if all adults retained something of the questioning attitude, if their curiosity were less easily satisfied by dogma, of whatever variety.
John Masefield|Only the road and the dawn, the sun, the wind, and the rain,And the watch fire under stars, and sleep, and the road again.
Marita Golden, Migrations of the Heart|When we came to America, though, we didn't know what the right thing was. Here we lived with no map. We became invisible, the people who swam in between other people's lives, bussing dishes, delivering groceries. What was wrong?We didn't know. The most important thing, Abba said, was not to stick out. Don't let them see you. But I think it hurt him, to hide so much.
Elena Greene, Fly with a Rogue|Keep your hands off me.” She spoke viciously, through her teeth, and he caught a glimpse of her deVere ancestry. She was a virago in tiny, fragile, fairy form.
John Cusack|When famous people come up to you it's a bit weird, but it's an honour, really, when they recognise you and want to chat to you for a bit.
Alexandra York, Crosspoints: A Novel of Choice|One thing more, Leon. You say that life is meaningless, but I believe it's life that's sacred. I talk about art and sex because they're the most intense life experiences I know, so I feel they must be sacred too. They let us experience the values we've chosen for our lives in one exquisite moment not of pleasure exactly but of oneness with all of existence and with our own personal relationship to it. Art says: "This is Life." Sex says: "This is Living.
Mark Helprin, Freddy and Fredericka|Read what you find interesting, and then follow your interests. You'll find that in doing so you always generate enough to illuminate the next step.
Kenny Baker|One of my favorite traditions is that my sisters and I, we all wear the same pajamas. I've even still got some from when I was 6. Also, I'll always remember cooking together in the kitchen and that no matter how busy our schedules are, we are all together for Christmas.
Christina Aguilera|Technology isn't the enemy, it is our ally, but only if we adopt a new model that puts people before profit. I realize that we seem far from that model, but I have seen it in action and it is a beautiful thing. So I'm not willing to give up yet. Hope is the last thing to die.
Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power|God wanted to make heaven and the earth is that heaven. Nowhere in the universe there is so much love, life, beauty and peace. Enjoy your stay with the fellow beings.
Joni Eareckson Tada|You know, your first album is about really amazing things. Your first album is always about coming of age, first love, first loss, usually you suffer a first loss of someone that you love to death, even, you know, really big life lessons, things you learn from your parents' divorce or from the travels that you took.
J. Frank Dunkin, Bones of My Brother|(...)"Take your time, because thereisn’t a moment to spare,(...) That’s what Stein told me when I had to leave Menakfor the first time. It kind of means that wherever yourdestination is, now is the time to start working towards it,or you will never get there.
Robert M. Drake|I had to learn to live without you and I couldn't make sense of it, because I left so much of me inside of you.
Kazuo Ishiguro, An Artist of the Floating World|N-no-o, all that excitement, it wouldn't reach us,' Timosha spoke gloomily. 'We're like the sunken city of Kitezh, living at the bottom of the lake. We do not hear a thing, and the water over us is muddy and sleepy. And on the surface, way above - why, everything's in flames, and the alarms are ringing.' (“A Provincial Tale”)
Melanie Shankle, Nobody's Cuter Than You: A Memoir about the Beauty of Friendship|I believe that is what happened during this time in my life. God had other things for me, and he knew me so much better than I knew myself, so he moved me along to a new place. It certainly didn't lessen the pain at the time, but if I've learned anything along the way, it's that sometimes the best lessons are the ones that hurt the most.
Daniel Marques|It's raining, raining words!
Kay Redfield Jamison, An Unquiet Mind: A Memoir of Moods and Madness|A personality disorder is not the foreign presence of demonic possession or a cancerous cluster of cells spreading among the internal organs. It is a pattern of cognition and reaction that impares the capacity to be productive, happy and generally at ease. It is a fractured sense of self giving way to the weight of stressful interpersonal dynamics.
Rachel Klein, The Moth Diaries|She goes where she pleases. She appears unhoped for, uncalled for. She moves through doors and walls and windows. Her thoughts move through minds. She enters dreams. She vanishes and is still there. She knows the future and sees through flesh. She is not afraid of anything.
Paula McLain, Circling the Sun|Regardless the destination, all roads lead home.
Tina Packer, Women of Will: Following the Feminine in Shakespeare's Plays|She [Cressida] knows it is men's sexual desire that makes women "angels" before they have been able to possess them; once possessed, women are "things" [Troilus and Cressida I.2, 225-28, 233-34].
Bette Davis|If you've never been hated by your child, you've never been a parent.
Deb Caletti|Sometimes you can cattle rope your heart and sometimes you can't, is all.
Terry Hayes|I die, and yet not dies in meThe ardour of my love for Thee,Nor hath Thy Love, my only goal,Assuaged the fever of my soul.To Thee alone my spirit cries;In Thee my whole ambition lies,And still Thy Wealth is far aboveThe poverty of my small love.I turn to Thee in my request,And seek in Thee my final rest;To Thee my loud lament is brought,Thou dwellest in my secret thought.However long my sickness be,This wearisome infirmity,Never to men will I declareThe burden Thou has made me bear.To Thee alone is manifestThe heavy labour of my breast,Else never kin nor neighbors knowThe brimming measure of my woe.A fever burns below my heartAnd ravages my every part;It hath destroyed my strength and stay,And smouldered all my soul away.Guidest Thou not upon the roadThe rider wearied by his load,Delivering from the steeps of deathThe traveller as he wandereth?Didst Thou not light a beacon tooFor them that found the Guidance trueBut carried not within their handThe faintest glimmer of its brand?O then to me Thy Favour giveThat, so attended, I may live,And overwhelm with ease from TheeThe rigor of my poverty.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|Try this for deviancy: fabricants are mirrors held up to purebloods' conscience; what purebloods see reflected there sickens them. So they blame you for holding the mirror."I hid my shock by asking when purebloods might blame themselves.Mephi replied, "History suggests, not until they are made to.
Jeffrey Eugenides, Middlesex|one of those world builders who do othing but destroy,
John D. Caputo, What Would Jesus Deconstruct?: The Good News of Postmodernism for the Church|The Right thinks that the breakdown of the family is the source of crime and poverty, and this they very insightfully blame on the homosexuals, which would be amusing were it not so tragic. Families and 'family values' are crushed by grinding poverty, which also makes violent crime and drugs attractive alternatives to desperate young men and sends young women into prostitution. Family values are no less corrupted by the corrosive effects of individualism, consumerism, and the accumulation of wealth. Instead of shouting this from the mountain tops, the get-me-to-heaven-and-the-rest-be-damned Christianity the Christian Right preaches is itself a version of selfish spiritual capitalism aimed at netting major and eternal dividends, and it fits hand in glove with American materialism and greed.
Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns|That summer, Titanic fever gripped Kabul. People smuggled pirated copies of the film from Pakistan- sometimes in their underwear. After curfew, everyone locked their doors, turned out the lights, turned down the volume, and reaped tears for Jack and Rose and the passengers of the doomed ship. If there was electrical power, Mariam, Laila, and the children watched it too. A dozen times or more, they unearthed the TV from behind the tool-shed, late at night, with the lights out and quilts pinned over the windows.At the Kabul River, vendors moved into the parched riverbed. Soon, from the river's sunbaked hollows, it was possible to buy Titanic carpets, and Titanic cloth, from bolts arranged in wheelbarrows. There was Titanic deodorant, Titanic toothpaste, Titanic perfume, Titanic pakora, even Titanic burqas. A particularly persistent beggar began calling himself "Titanic Beggar.""Titanic City" was born.It's the song, they said.No, the sea. The luxury. The ship.It's the sex, they whispered.Leo, said Aziza sheepishly. It's all about Leo."Everybody wants Jack," Laila said to Mariam. "That's what it is. Everybody wants Jack to rescue them from disaster. But there is no Jack. Jack is not coming back. Jack is dead.
Jim Fusilli|She shuffled with her head bowed, her dark eyes drifting to avoid contact, and she screamed in bed at night. (Dark City Lights)
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|That's the strangest thing about this life, about being in the ministry. People change the subject when they see you coming. And then sometimes those very same people come into your study and tell you the most remarkable things. There's a lot under the surface of life, everyone knows that. A lot of malice and dread and guilt, and so much loneliness, where you wouldn't really expect to find it, either.
Joanna Russ, On Strike Against God|This is hell. Today, in our times, hell must be like this. A huge, empty room: we are tired, standing on our feet, with a tap which drips while we cannot drink the water, and we wait for something which will certainly be terrible, and nothing happens and nothing continues to happen.
Batman vs. Robin, Alfred|It's certainly true that Chernobyl, while an accident in the sense that no one intentionally set it off, was also the deliberate product of a culture of cronyism, laziness, and a deep-seated indifference toward the general population. The literature on the subject is pretty unanimous in its opinion that the Soviet system had taken a poorly designed reactor adn then staffed it with a group of incompetents. It then proceeded, as the interviews in this book attest, to lie about the disaster in the most criminal way. In the crucial first ten days, when the reactor core was burning and releasing a steady stream of highly radioactive material into the surrounding areas, the authorities repeatedly claimed that the situation was under control. . . In the week after the accident, while refusing to admit to the world that anything really serious had gone wrong, the Soviets poured thousands of men into the breach. . . The machines they brought broke down because of the radiation. The humans wouldn't break down until weeks or months later, at which point they'd die horribly.
Benjamin Mee, We Bought a Zoo|And for once, Donald Rumsfeld, in the news at the time over the Iraq war made sense to me: "As we know," he said, famously, "there are known knowns-things we know we know. We also know there are known unknowns-things we know we don't know. But there are also unknown unknowns- things we don't know we don't know.
Richard Bach|School houses do not teach themselves - piles of brick and mortar and machinery do not send out men. It is the trained, living human soul, cultivated and strengthened by long study and thought, that breathes the real breath of life into boys and girls and makes them human, whether they be black or white, Greek, Russian or American.
Chris Matakas, The Tao of Jiu Jitsu|Decision power is knowledge-based, wisdom-driven and character-oriented.
George Orwell, Books v. Cigarettes|At the time I could not see beyond the moral dilemma that is presented to the weak in a world governed by the strong: Break the rules, or perish.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Do not expect me to fall in with the evil customs and ways of the world. I am in Rome, but I will not do as Rome does. I am an alien, a stranger, and a foreigner. My citizenship is in heaven.
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is no Sachchidanand [sat-chit-anand, eternal knowledge and vision leading to bliss], there is night (darkness).
Agnostic Zetetic|Most days, I’ve got this impermanence thing down just great. It doesn’t bother me; what’s to bother? Most days, I sit comfortably with the knowledge that I’ll die alone, and I feel nothing so strongly as my embrace of my nothingness. Most days don’t really matter, because there is only this day, and right now I feel like fear is all I am. I don’t want you to leave. Just let me pretend you won’t.'He wrapped his arms around me and we slept. For that night, we would last forever.
John Romaniello|I'm an athlete, so I can get up one day and run and it wouldn't bother me. I don't get the time because I work for long hours every day. Being constantly on the move itself helps me stay fit. I don't go to a gym. I use the stairs, not the lift. I'm not into fitness, but I feel I should start, as it's healthy.
Michel Houellebecq, Platform|As I rock down the hall I am flung from my path- snatched and grabbed. Before I can even utter a word, a large palm is covering my mouth. In less than five seconds I am inside a pitch black room, pushed face first into a cold metal door, and I hear the lock snick into place. A heavy weight presses at my back. I didn’t even have time to panic. It was a well-timed attack.My mind flashes to another time and place, another hand on my mouth. I breathe though the panic that tries to overcome me.I allow my senses to put me at ease. He’s just softly breathing near my ear. His body is relaxed. The way he holds me feels more playful than threatening.“Let me guess… the Boss,” I say to the heavy weight at my back. My tone is a mix of amused annoyance.
Bruce R. McConkie|As we read, ponder, and pray, there will come into our minds a view of the three gardens of God—the Garden of Eden, the Garden of Gethsemane, and the Garden of the Empty Tomb where Jesus appeared to Mary Magdalene.
Dakota Johnson|I try to not work too many Sundays. At least on Sunday nights, I try to chill out a little bit. I call it Sunday Funday.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|The sky was the yellow color of old cheese and the clouds flew across it, as if they had seen something horrifying in the desert wastes where they had so lately been.
Robert Tew|No matter how much you revisit the past, there's nothing new to see.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|The fact is that when you admit that you can’t blame anyone or anything else, you begin to blame yourself. The human mind gives up trying to find an executioner, but still it must blame someone. Anger that is not expressed tends to turn inward and, instead, attacks the very one who feels it. You move from anger and guilt into depression.
T.H. White, The Once and Future King|The sea is calm tonight.The tide is full, the moon lies fairUpon the straits;- on the French coast the lightGleams and is gone; the cliffs of England stand,glimmering and vast, out in the tranquil bay.
Emily Adrian, Like It Never Happened|A dark voice within warned him to stop, but Aaron brushed it off. He flashed Holden a patronizing smile. “All right, then. Why not here? I have no problem giving you a fair fight, considering our history.”Slowly Holden relaxed his arms. There was a dark glimpse of metal, and then he took quick aim with his right hand. The short, lonely barrel of a gun stared Aaron in the eye. Even in his surprised state, Aaron could see what he was up against. An innocuous-looking Remington 1911, its wood-grip base outdated in style, but its precision and reliability lauded throughout the years.“Considering our history,” Holden said through his teeth, “I have no interest in fair.
Linda Bender, Animal Wisdom: Learning from the Spiritual Lives of Animals|Animals suffer both emotionally and physically, but they don't suffer metaphysically. That is, they don't suffer about suffering, don't get thrown into spiritual confusion by it, or fall out of connection with the divine because of it.
Martin Heidegger, The Self-Assertion of the German University|Sometimes, you must know "Why", that happen, or this will happen...!?
C. JoyBell C.|Words are the writer's sorcery, our dark arts and our sleight of hand. They're our enchantment and our temptation
Veronica Roth, Divergent|I close my eyes. I don't expect Four to reassure me, and he makes no effort to, but I feel better standing here than I did out there among the people who are my friends, my faction.
Thea Harrison, Dragon Bound|Oh my God, not only is he older than the Grand Canyon, but he’s like the pope and the Fae King and the president of the United States all rolled up into one. To some ancient cultures he had been a god. He was going to hurt her so bad before he killed her so dead, and all she could think of was how hot his kiss had been in the dream and how delicate the touch of his finger was as it traced down her body.
Dawn Metcalf, Indelible|Do you trust me?"She could still hear him, through flesh and noise."I love you!" she shouted.It wasn't the answer he'd expected or the she'd expected to give. It was the wrong time, the wrong thing to say, but her answer lit a fire in his eyes.
John Berger|Ours is the century of enforced travel of disappearances. The century of people helplessly seeing others, who were close to them, disappear over the horizon.
Richard Dawkins, An Appetite for Wonder: The Making of a Scientist|I always enjoyed studying languages and I learned from my Master that He wanted humans to be called Human Beings to continually remind them that they are really verbs and that their soul purpose is to BE. I think they tend to forget about this, they are so busy being nouns doing things that won't matter tomorrow.
Arthur Ashe|Happiness consumes itself like a flame. It cannot burn for ever, it must go out, and the presentiment of its end destroys it at its very peak.
Aristophanes, The Knights|You [demagogues] are like the fishers for eels; in still waters they catch nothing, but if they thoroughly stir up the slime, their fishing is good; in the same way it's only in troublous times that you line your pockets.
Steve Albini|After my parents' divorce when I was 4, I spent weekends with my dad before we finally moved to California. By the time Sunday rolled around, I was incapable of enjoying the day's activities, of being in the moment, because I was already dreading the inevitable goodbye of Sunday evening.
Virginia Woolf, Night and Day|I told my kids I just want three words on my tombstone, if I have one. I'll probably be cremated. One is "woman." I'm very comfortable in that role. I've loved being a woman, I've loved being a mother, I've loved being a grandmother. I want three words: Woman, Atheist, Anarchist. That's me.
Stormie Omartian, Just Enough Light for the Step I'm On|If fear appears at your door you have two options, either you choose to let it in or you choose to grab onto the Lord and the promise of His presence no matter what.
W.G. Sebald, Austerlitz|It seems to me then as if all the moments of our life occupy the same space, as if future events already existed and were only waiting for us to find our way to them at last, just as when we have accepted an invitation we duly arrive in a certain house at a given time.
Suvorov Viktor|What had been a region of model farming became almost a desert, for more than half the population was exiled or sent to concentration camps. The young people left the villages, the boys to go to the factories if they could get jobs, or to become vagabonds if they couldn’t.***An echo of the tragic fate of Russia’s German Protestant population reached the world when the Mennonites flocked to Moscow and sought permission to leave the country. Some of these Germans had tried to obey the government and had formed collective farms, only to have them liquidated as Kulak collectives. Being first-class farmers, they had committed the crime of making even a Kolkhoz productive and prosperous.Others had quite simply been expropriated from their individual holdings. All were in despair. Few were allowed to leave Russia. They were sent to Siberia to die, or herded into slave labor concentration camps. The crime of being good farmers was unforgivable, and they must suffer for this sin.***Cheat or be cheated, bully or be bullied, was the law of life. Only the German minority with their strong religious and moral sense—the individual morality of the Protestant as opposed to the mass subservience demanded by the Greek Orthodox Church and the Soviet Government—retained their culture and even some courage under Stalin’s Terror.
Christina Rossetti|What a tale he's told, what a bitter bowl of war he's drunk to the dregs.
Ridwan Nurwansyah|His gaze, bluntedby the unnumbered processionof iron bars, uncountedas his softly padded steps.Smooth motion of blood and sinewturning in its own, small circleprescribed by bars and walls...and skin, confined.Suddenly, without warning,a flash of light and imagepierces the caged brain,and passing through its beating heartto stillness finds its way. 
Matshona Dhliwayo|Nobody can walk with me in the same foot steps, but all can dream about it.
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, Flow: The Psychology of Optimal Experience|Contrary to what we usually believe, moments like these, the best moments in our lives, are not the passive, receptive, relaxing times—although such experiences can also be enjoyable, if we have worked hard to attain them. The best moments usually occur when a person’s body or mind is stretched to its limits in a voluntary effort to accomplish something difficult and worthwhile. Optimal experience is thus something that wemake happen. For a child, it could be placing with trembling fingers the last blockon a tower she has built, higher than any she has built so far; for a swimmer, it could be trying to beat his own record; for a violinist, mastering an intricate musical passage. For each person there are thousands of opportunities, challenges to expand ourselves.
Mina Marial Nicoli, The Magic of Avalon Eyrelin|I am not tough, nor hardened, nor strong. I cannot fight. I do not have what it takes. I can comfort my friends with this gift, but I cannot heal the world with it, and I certainly cannot do battle with an evil sorcerer with it! You are mistaken!
Elias Canetti, Auto-da-Fé|By the way, if anyone here is in advertising or marketing, kill yourself.
Sara  Humphreys, Trouble Walks In|I try not to react, but I must fail because Gabriel turns to look at me. “The world needs both butterflies and lions. One is not better than the other. They're both beautiful and brave in their own ways.”His hand covers mine as it fiddles with the blades of grass. “Ava.” I look up. “I do not wish you were a lion any more than I would have wished her to be a butterfly.
Ann Brashares|Let me love you, but don't love me back. Do love me and let me hate you for a while. Let me feel like I have some control, because I know I never do. 
Bien Sufficient|Celebrate you! For if you don’t, no one will.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|God is the ultimate ground of Being, and this ultimate ground of Being is YOU. For one who realizes their true nature as God, as Consciousness, life becomes a joy without end.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I know God cares, He knows my every need.
John Steinbeck, The Log from the Sea of Cortez|Predictions are uttered by prophets (free of charge); by clairvoyants (who usually charge a fee, and are therefore more honored in their day than prophets); and by futurologists (salaried). Prediction is the business of prophets, clairvoyants, and futurologists. It is not the business of novelists. A novelist's business is lying.
The Intellectual Origins of the European Reformation|There is a quality of lightness, easiness, and in some sense blatant unseriousness that pervades Classical Christianity's dialogue with modernity. The Christian intellect has no reason to be intimidated in the presence of later-stage modernity. Christianity has seen too many 'modern eras' to be cowed by this one.
Joseph M. Chiron, Tagged: The Apocalypse|St John from the book of The Revelation “He also forced everyone, small and great, rich and poor, free and slave, to receive a mark on his right hand or on his forehead, so that no one could buy or sell unless he had the mark.
William F. Buckley Jr., Up from Liberalism|A second marked characteristic of the Liberal in debate with the conservative is the tacit premise that debateis ridiculous....Many people shrink from arguments over facts because facts are tedious, because they require a formal familiarity with the subject under discussion, and because they can be ideologically dislocative. Many Liberals accept their opinions, ideas, and evaluations as others accept revealed truths.
Jay Woodman, Riding the Escalator and Terra Affirmative|Sky. Hope mixed with horror as I searched for Zed, quessing he would not have let his soulfinder walk into this situation alone. I finally identified him as the heavily bearded drummer in the flowery shirt and, yes, socks and sandals. I bit my tongue, repressing the absurd desire to laugh at his fashion sacrifice for our cause.
Henry David Thoreau|Liberalism, contrary to popular belief, is facing backward in considering the injustice of its ancestors. Conservatism, contrary to popular belief, is facing forward in considering the psychology of its descendants. Definitively, it seems in the modern world that neither side really knows which direction it's facing, and men of the sharpest judgment are simply turned off from picking either of the poisons.
Søren Kierkegaard|Lady Dedlock is always the same exhausted deity, surrounded by worshippers, and terribly liable to be bored to death, even while presiding at her own shrine.
Cat Cora|While weight loss is important, what's more important is the quality of food you put in your body - food is information that quickly changes your metabolism and genes.
Mortimer Adler|I know the joy of fishes in the river through my own joy, as I go walking along the same river.
Louise Penny, A Rule Against Murder|The ancient Hebrews did not write the name of God. I often wish the Christians would follow suit, as never was a word more misused in writing and speaking than the name of the Lord.
Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X|I remember one night at Muzdalifa with nothing but the sky overhead I lay awake amid sleeping Muslim brothers and I learned that pilgrims from every land--every color, and class, and rank; high officials and the beggar alike--all snored in the same language.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|You can't be a rebel without the scars that come with it. Truth is, some days scars are just as ugly as they are beautiful.
Avina Celeste|When nothing is certain in your life, you have a blank canvas to work with. You can determine a new future for yourself with passionate actions. You can pursue anything that you put your mind to. When things seem uncertain it is the best time to take action.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|[To have Faith in Christ] means, of course, trying to do all that He says. There would be no sense in saying you trusted a person if you would not take his advice. Thus if you have really handed yourself over to Him, it must follow that you are trying to obey Him. But trying in a new way, a less worried way. Not doing these things in order to be saved, but because He has begun to save you already. Not hoping to get to Heaven as a reward for your actions, but inevitably wanting to act in a certain way because a first faint gleam of Heaven is already inside you.
Ariel Dorfman|Ideally, I'm also sending a message that everything passes, even hope, and sometimes you have to be patient while you wait for it to come back around again.
StacyK|When the world falls asleep, authors weave the stories that are called dreams.. and when authors dare to jot down.. that's called making dreams come true.
Howard Bahr, The Black Flower: A Novel of the Civil War|Then as Anna listened another sound began to rise within the first. It began as a low keening, like the wind in a bottle tree, almost indiscernible amid the guns. Yet it was there, and it grew and grew, gaining strength and timbre until suddenly a new note broke away and was taken up: a high weird quavering like nothing that Anna had ever heard, that peopled the smoke with an army of mourning phantoms. Anna had heard the men talk of this, too—the uncanny demon cry of the Rebel army going into the attack—and now here it was for real, echoing across violence and death for the last time in a wild crescendo that seemed to peak and yet peak again: descanting blood, crying lost youth and the loss of all dreams. One last time it shrilled out of the rolling smoke, then collapsed all at once into a maelstrom of voices—the deep snarling utterance of thousands of men in hell.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Limpopo Academy of Private Detection|He will be a small man inside," said Mma Ramotswe. "He will feel small and unimportant. That is why he needs to put ladies down, Mma. Men who are big inside never feel the need to do that.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|The greatest crimes in the world are not committed against the body, but against the freedom of the consciousness.
Michel Houellebecq, Platform|More powerful than God, more evil than the Devil; the poor have it, the rich lack it, and if you eat it you die?
Nikki Rowe|It's Also Tradition to Wear White,I Study Myself in The Mirror Now,as Annabelle Curls My Hair. My Dress is Strapless,Layers of ivorychiffon Floating to The Floor.a Necklace of Diamonds and Rubies Sparkles at My ThroatGarnet Leans Against The Newel Post and Whistles As I Come Down The Stairs. My Cheeks Flush. Have You Been To The Royal Palace Yet? Garnet Asks Me.I Stare at Him for a SecondWondering if He's Joking. Yes, I Say Slowly. You Bumped Into Me at The Exetor's Ball.Did I? Garnet's Eyebrows Pinch Together. HuhWell,You Haven't Seen Anytging Until You've Seen The Winter Ball Decorations.We are Escorted to a Extension Made Entirely of Glass. It is Lit with Thousands of Candles. Giving The Room a Beautiful Golden Glow. The Floor is Made Out Of Blue Glass and Enormous Ice Sculptures Glitter in The Flickering Light. I See What Garnet Meant-The Whole Effect is Magnificent.
Rosie Thomas|Things don't matter, people do
Charlie Byrd|If a literary man puts together two words about music, one of them will be wrong.
Joe Meno, Office Girl|She puts away four small plastic cups of red wine and then stares at a painting of a topless girl with a large silver sword for a half hour and then she begins to think: You call this art? This isn’t art! This is a joke! All of you are a joke! Fuck you and fuck Jeff Koons and the rest of those ‘80s art-star wannabes. Where’s the art that makes people weep? Where’s the art that makes people want to go to church? None of this is the least bit interesting. All of this stuff, all of this is so self-aware. It’s for ironic art snobs. I want something brilliant. I want something stunning. I want something that makes me look in wonder…
Elizabeth Salamanca-Brosig|In essence, we live only to die; the Christian dies only to live; it is a celebration of life, not death.
Terry Hayes|The Government cannot be concerned any longer with outmoded penelogical theories. Cram criminals together and see what happens, You get concentrated criminality, crime in the midst of punishment.
Eleanor Duckworth|But it's not the pressure of data that gives rise to the understanding. It's, on the contrary, the child's own struggle to make sense of the data
Steven Cuoco|« Stan wants to see them work the facial features, especially the smiles. He has a professional interest, from his job at Dimple. The Empathy Model he’d worked on could smile, but it was the same smile every time. Though what else did you need for checking out groceries? Put two eyes on anything and basically it looks like a face. »
Kallypso Masters, Nobody's Angel|Those big green eyes were even bigger than usual as she stared at the two of them. For a moment, she looked like a kid who’d found the last cupcake on the planet.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|Religious unity and religious tolerance are not the same thing. Unity doesn’t come merely through tolerance. You don’t need to tolerate people from other religions. It is time you start loving them. Toleration may make you a decent person, but it is love that makes you a true human being.
Virgil Goode|I realise that a novel and a film are different mediums. As artistes, we need to respect other artistes. It also needs a lot of courage to take risks to experiment and interpret known literary works.
Debasish Mridha|You're my world.In this loveless world, you’re my endless love.Love! In this world of sadness, you are my happiness.Love! In this world of sorrow, you're my source of joy.Love! In this world of pain, you're my vintage wine.Love! In the midst of ugliness, you're my beauty.Love! In the midst of deception, you are my trust.Love! In the midst of darkness, you're my guiding light.O my love! In this loveless world, you are my world.
Shel Silverstein|The Law of the Jungle NOW this is the Law of the Jungle — as old and as true as the sky; And the Wolf that shall keep it may prosper, but the Wolf that shall break it must die. As the creeper that girdles the tree-trunk the Law runneth forward and back —For the strength of the Pack is the Wolf, and the strength of the Wolf is the Pack. Wash daily from nose-tip to tail-tip; drink deeply, but never too deep; And remember the night is for hunting, and forget not the day is for sleep. The Jackal may follow the Tiger, but, Cub, when thy whiskers are grown, Remember the Wolf is a Hunter — go forth and get food of thine own. Keep peace withe Lords of the Jungle — the Tiger, the Panther, and Bear. And trouble not Hathi the Silent, and mock not the Boar in his lair. When Pack meets with Pack in the Jungle, and neither will go from the trail, Lie down till the leaders have spoken — it may be fair words shall prevail. When ye fight with a Wolf of the Pack, ye must fight him alone and afar, Lest others take part in the quarrel, and the Pack be diminished by war. The Lair of the Wolf is his refuge, and where he has made him his home, Not even the Head Wolf may enter, not even the Council may come. The Lair of the Wolf is his refuge, but where he has digged it too plain, The Council shall send him a message, and so he shall change it again. If ye kill before midnight, be silent, and wake not the woods with your bay, Lest ye frighten the deer from the crop, and your brothers go empty away. Ye may kill for yourselves, and your mates, and your cubs as they need, and ye can; But kill not for pleasure of killing, and seven times never kill Man! If ye plunder his Kill from a weaker, devour not all in thy pride; Pack-Right is the right of the meanest; so leave him the head and the hide. The Kill of the Pack is the meat of the Pack. Ye must eat where it lies; And no one may carry away of that meat to his lair, or he dies. The Kill of the Wolf is the meat of the Wolf. He may do what he will; But, till he has given permission, the Pack may not eat of that Kill. Cub-Right is the right of the Yearling. From all of his Pack he may claim Full-gorge when the killer has eaten; and none may refuse him the same. Lair-Right is the right of the Mother. From all of her year she may claim One haunch of each kill for her litter, and none may deny her the same. Cave-Right is the right of the Father — to hunt by himself for his own: He is freed of all calls to the Pack; he is judged by the Council alone. Because of his age and his cunning, because of his gripe and his paw, In all that the Law leaveth open, the word of your Head Wolf is Law.Now these are the Laws of the Jungle, and many and mighty are they;But the head and the hoof of the Law and the haunch and the hump is — Obey!
A.E.  Kirk, Midnight Poison|Why did Nicky call me the Baby Killer?" Kiara sniffled. "Because she is a bitch," Leontes said. Jaeger gave him a chastising look. "She's dead." "Dying did not make her any less of a bitch," Leontes replied.
Amy McNamara, Lovely, Dark and Deep|A day without someone to hold you or a day without someone to share, is a day easily forgotten.’ - Vera Richardson in Mr Alhourani's Dead Man's Spots
J. Norman Collie|The text-book is rare that stimulates its reader to ask, Why is this so? Or, How does this connect with what has been read elsewhere?
Leonie Swann, Three Bags Full|Cordelia was thinking how human beings can invent words, how they can line up their invented words side by side on paper. It was magic.
Damini Aggarwal|The darkness you are in, is to make you feel the warmth of light that you aspire for.
William Joyce, Nicholas St. North and the Battle of the Nightmare King|As long as I can dream, I will dream of you.
Jostein Gaarder, Sophie's World|A composition—and every work of art is one—is created in a wondrous interplay between imagination and reason, or between mind and reflection. For there will always be an element of chance in the creative process.
Lorrie Moore, Who Will Run the Frog Hospital?|I looked in vain for LaRoue, my cruelty toward her now in me like a splinter, where it would sit for years in my helpless memory, the skin growing around; what else can memory do? It can do nothing; It pretends to eat the shrapnel of your acts, yet it cannot swallow or chew.
Gail McMeekin, The 12 Secrets of Highly Successful Women: A Portable Life Coach for Creative Women|Gather the best you have to offer and create a heartfelt, prosperous life full of purpose.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|And so too, in later years, when I began to write a book of my own, and the quality of some sentences seemed so inadequate that I could not make up my mind to go on with the undertaking. I would find the equivalent in Bergotte. But it was only then, when I read them in his pages, that I could enjoy them; when it was I myself who composed them, in my anxiety that they should exactly reproduce what I had perceived in my mind's eye, and in my fear of their not turning out "true to life," how could I find time to ask myself whether what I was writing was pleasing!
David Mixner|Democracy matters because it reflects an idea of equality and an idea of liberty. It reflects an idea of dignity, the dignity of the individual, the idea that each individual should have an equal vote, an equal say, in the formation of their government.
Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish|Love water, protect it:
Karl Wiggins, Calico Jack in your Garden|What’s this war called again?”“The Hundred Years War.”“Hmmmm, got a bad feeling about this one.
E'yen A. Gardner|How my life has been brought to undiscovered lands, and how much richer it gets - all from words printed on a page.... How a book can have 560 pages, but in only three pages change the reader's life.
Rob Huebel|Creativity runs across many categories in life, from the arts-and-crafts project a mum or dad does with their kids, to the bestselling author's manuscript, to the designs of the hairdresser, to the creations of the computer programming genius.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|Each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive.
Eckhart Tolle, The Power of Now: A Guide to Spiritual Enlightenment|There are many men in London, you know, who, some from shyness, some from misanthropy, have no wish for the company of their fellows. Yet they are not averse to comfortable chairs and the latest periodicals. It is for the convenience of these that the Diogenes Club was started, and it now contains the most unsociable and unclubbable men in town. No member is permitted to take the least notice of any other one. Save in the Stranger's Room, no talking is, under any circumstances, allowed, and three offenses, if brought to the notice of the committee, render the talker liable to expulsion. My brother was one of the founders, and I have myself found it a very soothing atmosphere.
Jimmy Dean|The good inside of all of us is wrapped in a layer of apathy, and we forget how much potential we have within us, in each and every one of us, to change the world for the better for ourselves and our children, and thus to bring about oneness.
Cristiane Serruya, Trust: Betrayed|Ah! it is well for the unfortunate to be resigned, but for the guilty there is no peace.
Thomas S. Monson|Faith minus vulnerability and mystery equals extremism. If you've got all the answers, then don't call what you do 'faith.'
JR|Paris is beautiful, but nothing beats home.
Herman Melville|Why had she imagined he was attractive? He was absolutely the biggest, most complete and utter jackass she'd ever had the bad fortune to meet.
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|Christianity is a life, not a doctrine . . . I'm not saying never doubt or question. The Lord gave you a mind so that you would make honest use of it. I'm saying you must be sure that the doubts and questions are your own.
Pablo Neruda, Love: Ten Poems|Love is so short, forgetting is so long.
David Platt, Radical: Taking Back Your Faith from the American Dream|I can almost picture the disciples faces. "No, not the drink-my-blood speech! We'll never get on the list of fastest-growing movements if you keep asking them to eat you!
Shirley Jackson, Life Among the Savages|Now, I have nothing against the public school system as it is presently organized, once you allow the humor of its basic assumption about how it is possible to teach things to children....
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|The soul is like a caged bird, it waits for the right person to open the door and set it free.
Gloria Steinem|As much as I say that market economy is a more aggressive, expansile form of command economy, I say now that democracy is a more aggressive, expansile form of dictatorship. The sin of democracy and any types of -cracy is their numbers.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you are lonely, you feel separated from everybody. If you are in solitude, you feel you are in contact with the entire universe.
Wayne A. Grudem, Systematic Theology: An Introduction to Biblical Doctrine|...The words testament and covenant are virtually synonymous in their theological usage, the Latin definition of testamentum being "a covenant with God, holy scripture." Thus, the Old and New Testaments, as we commonly refer to them, are written testimonies or witnesses (the Latin testis meaning "witness") of the covenants between God and man in various dispensations.
Charlotte Eriksson|A moment later, Liam's bright blue eyes opened, and he was seeing me. He just wasn't seeing Ruby.
Emily Mortimer|Courage is what preserves our liberty, safety, life, and our homes and parents, our country and children. Courage comprises all things.
Roman Payne, Rooftop Soliloquy|All political movements are basically anti-creative — since a political movement is a form of war. “There’s no place for impractical dreamers around here,” that’s what they always say. “Your writing activities will be directed, kindly stop horsing around.” “As for the smoking of marijuana, it is the exploitation for the workers.” Both favor alcohol and are against pot.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Fly free, my daughter. Be what I could never be and leave the cage forever.
Terry Pratchett|The land around Ankh-Morpork is fertile and largely given over to the cabbage fields that help to give the city its distinctive odor.The gray light of pre-dawn unrolled over the blue-green expanse, and around a couple of farmers who were making an early start on the spinach harvest.They looked up, not at a sound, but at a travelling point of silence where sound ought to have been.It was a man and a woman and something like a size five man in a size twelve fur coat, all in a chariot that flickered as it moved. It bowled along the road toward Holy Wood and was soon out of sight. A minute or two later it was followed by a wheelchair. Its axle glowed red-hot. It was full of people screaming at one another. One of them was turning a handle on a box.It was so overburdened that wizards occasionally fell off and ran along after it, shouting, until they had a chance to jump on again and start screaming.Whoever was attempting to steer was not succeeding, and it weaved back and forth across the road and eventually hurtled off it completely and through the side of a barn.One of the farmers nudged the other."Oi've seen this on the clicks," he said. "It's always the same. They crash into a barn and they allus comes out the other side covered in squawking chickens."His companion leaned reflectively on his hoe."It'd be a sight worth seeing that," he said."Sure would.""'Cos all there is in there, boy, is twenty ton of cabbage."There was a crash, and the chair erupted from the barn in a shower of chickens and headed madly toward the road.The farmers looked at one another."Well, dang me," said one of them.
Omar Musa, Here Come The Dogs|It is then he realises that certain things loom larger than forgiveness and reconciliation: memory, for one, and history, bloody history.
Robert Kraft|Drama can be an addiction. It's so, so sneaky. Jealousy - all of those things can really send you in a lot of different crazy directions.
Jeff Jarvis, What Would Google Do?: Reverse-Engineering the Fastest Growing Company in the History of the World|Execution is everything. Even if you start a business with the wrong idea or too many competitors, you can out-execute all the better ideas in the right market.
Kara Martinelli, My Very Dearest Anna|When I opened the box, I had to remove myself from whose handwriting it was that I was reading and whose story I was hearing. I had to, or I never would have made it past the first letter. If I stopped to think about my Grandpa writing to my Grandma, knowing how much he loved her and how many years he spent without her after her death, I knew I wouldn’t be able to make it through just one letter without an onslaught of tears. And it was Grandpa, a voice I knew so well. One that I miss terribly.
Dan Buettner, Thrive: Finding Happiness the Blue Zones Way|A doctor may know more than a peasant, but a peasant and a doctor know more together.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne's House of Dreams|This is what we do, my mother's life said. We find ourselves in the sacrifices we make.
John Reid|When times are tough, constant conflict may be good politics but in the real world, cooperation works better. After all, nobody's right all the time, and a broken clock is right twice a day.
Jacob Riis|I do find the sibling connection endlessly fascinating, as I do all family dynamics. I like how siblings seem to create their own parentless mini-civilization within a family, one that has its own laws, myths, language, humor, its own loyalties and treacheries.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|Most of the big shore places were closed now. And there were hardly any lights except the shadowy, moving glow of the ferryboat across the sound. And as the moon rose higher, the inessential houses began to melt away till gradually I became aware of the old island here that flowered once for Dutch sailors’ eyes, A fresh green breast of the new world. Its vanished trees had once pandered in whispers to the last and greatest of all human dreams. For a transitory, enchanted moment man must have held his breath in the presence of this continent. Face to face, for the last time in history, with something commensurate to its capacity for wonder.
Jennie Finch|You can't be the dad who takes your kid out after your wife has said, 'No ice cream,' buys the ice cream, and says, 'Don't tell your mother.' You teach the child to lie - and to disrespect the other parent.
Roman Payne, The Wanderess|No matter what stage of illness we are in, whether we’ve just been diagnosed or we have lived with chronic migraines for decades, there are adjustments we can make to increase joy in our lives and to live more fully.
Sherrod Brown|ISIS has leadership, just like al Qaeda has leadership. It's important to be able to eliminate the individuals that are leading the organization.
Brian Kolodiejchuk, Mother Teresa: Come Be My Light: The Private Writings of the "Saint of Calcutta"|If you could know how happy I am, as Jesus' little spouse. No one....could I envy, because I am enjoying my complete happiness, even when I suffer something for my beloved Spouse.
Gary L. Francione|I reject animal welfare reform and single-issue campaigns because they are not only inconsistent with the claims of justice that we should be making if we really believe that animal exploitation is wrong, but because these approaches cannot work as a practical matter. Animals are property and it costs money to protect their interests; therefore, the level of protection accorded to animal interests will always be low and animals will, under the best of circumstances, still be treated in ways that would constitute torture if applied to humans.By endorsing welfare reforms that supposedly make exploitation more “compassionate” or single-issue campaigns that falsely suggest that there is a coherent moral distinction between meat and dairy or between fur and wool or between steak and foie gras, we betray the principle of justice that says that all sentient beings are equal for purposes of not being used exclusively as human resources. And, on a practical level, we do nothing more than make people feel better about animal exploitation.
Friedrich Schiller|It seems a bad thing and detrimental to the creative work of the mind if Reason makes to close an examination of the ideas as they come pouring in -at the very gateway, as it were. Looked at in isolation, a thought may seem very trivial or very fantastic; but it may be made important by another thought that comes after it, and in conjunction with other thoughts that may seem equally absurd, it may serve to form a most effective link. Reason cannot form any opinion on all this unless it retains the thought long enough to look at it in connection with the others. On the other hand, where there is a creative mind, Reason -so it seems to me- relaxes its watch upon the gates, and the ideas rush in pell-mell, and only then does it look them through and examine them in a mass.
Auliq-Ice|To be resolved to something is a reflection of your inner core, not the nature of resolving.
Rodman Philbrick, The Mostly True Adventures of Homer P. Figg|I think in some ways it's like that for all of us, living with the ghosts of things that used to be, or never were. We're all of us haunted by yesterday, and we got no choice but to keep marching into our tomorrows.Keep marching, boys and girls. Keep marching.
Samantha Garman, Dandelion Dreams|I will be with you and there is nothing in heaven, or hell, that can keep me away. - Michael
James Joyce|My sweet naughty girl I got your hot letter tonight and have been trying to picture you frigging your cunt in the closet. How do you do it? Do you stand against the wall with your hand tickling up under your clothes or do you squat down on the hole with your skirts up and your hand hard at work in through the slit of your drawers? Does it give you the horn now to shit? I wonder how you can do it. Do you come in the act of shitting or do you frig yourself off first and then shit? It must be a fearfully lecherous thing to see a girl with her clothes up frigging furiously at her cunt, to see her pretty white drawers pulled open behind and her bum sticking out and a fat brown thing stuck half-way out of her hole. You say you will shit your drawers, dear, and let me fuck you then. I would like to hear you shit them, dear, first and then fuck you. Some night when we are somewhere in the dark and talking dirty and you feel your shite ready to fall put your arms round my neck in shame and shit it down softly. The sound will madden me and when I pull up your dress.
Gregory Benford, Shipstar|Love is something that is beyond us. We can't anticipate love. When, where and with whom we fall in love is coincidental and wonderful for the same reason.
Vanilla Ice|It is not in the pursuit of happiness that we find fulfillment, it is in the happiness of pursuit.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|My grandpa, unlike Jarod Kintz, was an Elder. Now that he's dead and gone, he's a ghost French wizard. And no one knows what French wizards are good at…
Chris Prentiss, The Laws of Love: Creating the Relationship of Your Dreams|A diminished self-image will cause you to slouch, to avoid meeting others, to avoid looking others in the eye, to be unassertive, and to be indecisive.
Iyanla Vanzant|Political promises are much like marriage vows. They are made at the beginning of the relationship between candidate and voter, but are quickly forgotten.
A.B. Shepherd|I sometimes wish I could spontaneously combust. Burn until nothing but ash is left, to be washed away by the wind and the rain.
Jazmin Williams, 5SOS: The Fans' Story|I may some day get a boyfriend and eventually a husband, but you will always be my first loves." -Sheetal, 14, Qatar
Terrence Real, How Can I Get Through to You? Closing the Intimacy Gap Between Men and Women|The instinct is not completely satisfied unless a man's whole being, mental quite as much as physical, enters into the relation. Those who have never known the deep intimacy and the intense companionship of happy mutual love have missed the best thing that life has to give; unconsciously, if not consciously, they feel this and the resulting disappointment inclines them towards envy, oppression, and cruelty.
Malak El Halabi|No one made sense of the love they shared. They didn't get the hang of it either. But together, the clocks of winter stopped.. And autumn's fallen leaves turned, swiftly, scarlet.
Brenda M. McGraw, Joy Beyond: 28 Days to Finding Joy Beyond the Clutter of Life|Do your kids see your kindness or are you always telling them. "NO?
David Levering Lewis|Vinyl is democratic, as surely as the iPod is fascist. Vinyl is representational: It has a face. Two faces, in fact, to represent the dualism of human nature. Vinyl occupies physical space honestly, proud as a fat woman dancing.
Shirley Knight|When I remember my family, I always remember their backs. They were always indignantly leaving places.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With patient persistence, you will conquer any situation.
Colin Morgan|If you go to the Air and Space Museum in Washington, you can see the burn patterns on Friendship 7.
Gaelen Foley, The Duke|Mind you, after your silly debutantes have finished their proper posture and walking lessons, tell them it never killed any young lady to remove the book from off the top of her head and open it for a change. Just like I taught you.
David Brion Davis, Inhuman Bondage: The Rise and Fall of Slavery in the New World|As a people, we have been tolled farther and farther away from the facts of what we have done by the romanticizers, whose bait is nothing more than the wishful insinuation that we have done no harm. Speaking a public language of propaganda, uninfluenced by the real content of our history which we know only in a deep and guarded privacy, we are still in the throes of the paradox of the “gentleman and soldier.” However conscious it may have been, there is no doubt in my mind that all this moral and verbal obfuscation is intentional. Nor do I doubt that its purpose is to shelter us from the moral anguish implicit in our racism—an anguish that began, deep and mute, in the minds of Christian democratic freedom-loving owners of slaves.
Maxx Alexis|Don't tell people what you're doing, tell them what you did!
Janet Evanovich, Hard Eight|I refer of course to the soaring wonder of the age known as the Eiffel Tower. Never in history has a structure been more technologically advanced, materially obsolescent, and gloriously pointless all at the same time.
Marisa de los Santos, Belong to Me|I was there to get a Ph.D. in English literature. That's not true. I was there to read a lot of books and to discuss them with bright, insightful, book-loving people, an expectation that I pretty quickly learned was about as silly as it could be.Certainly there were other people who loved books, I'm sure there were, but whoever had notified them ahead of time that loving books was not the point, was, in fact, a hopelessly counterproductive and naive approach to the study of literature, neglected to notify me. It turned out that the point was to dissect a book like a fetal pig in biology class or to break its back with a single sentence or to bust it open like a milkweek pod and say, "See? All along it was only fluff," and then scatter it into oblivion with one tiny breath.
Lincoln Kirstein|When people are like, 'College! Oh my God! Ultimate freedom!' I didn't feel that way. My roommates were loving hitting the town, but I wasn't as psyched about going to the frats.
Delma Pryce, ABOVE AND BEYOND: My Spiritual Journey|A Pheonomenal woman is driven by her divine given POWER: The acronym Power defines her qualities:Poised for successOpportunities are endlessWorks hard to achieve her goalsEnduring strength and vitalityReaps the rewards of her hard workA Phenomenal woman will get out of bed, when the whole world around her is falling apart.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Ah, music, a magic beyond all we do here.
