Cyril Wong, The Last Lesson of Mrs de Souza|I mostly believe, deep in my bones, that life is very simply beyond description; regardless of what one makes of it, life always spills over the parameters of how anyone has chosen to define it.
John Calvin|I think this is irresponsible preaching and very dangerous, and especially when it is slanted toward children, I think it's totally irresponsible, because I see nothing biblical that points up to our being in the last days, and I just think it's an outrageous thing to do, and a lot of people are making a living—they've been making a living for 2,000 years—preaching that we're in the last days.
Marcel Proust, Jean Santeuil|Through my sudden tears, the train lights smeared like shooting stars. Lying before the rippling blue window, below the slurred lights of the world above, it was as if we were underwater.
Henry Miller|Members of the Senate and House, if they want to send troops into war, should be forced to send a family member. That would really make everyone stop and go, 'Ohhh-kaaay.'
Tom Pollock, The City's Son|Well, in that case, no. I’m not your father. But if you go with another definition, meaning ‘a man who wants to be in your life and help raise you,’ then yes. I am.
Thomas Merton|We do not want to be beginners [at prayer]. but let us be convinced of the fact that we will never be anything but beginners, all our life!
Sally Ride|Any type of operating system that I wanted to be able to hack, I basically compromised the source code, copied it over to the university because I didn't have enough space on my 200 megabyte hard drive.
Matt Groening, Childhood Is Hell|Where do babies come from? Don't bother asking adults. They lie like pigs. However, diligent independent research and hours of playground consultation have yielded fruitful, if tentative, results. There are several theories. Near as we can figure out, it has something to do with acting ridiculous in the dark. We believe it is similar to dogs when they act peculiar and ride each other. This is called "making love". Careful study of popular song lyrics, advertising catch-lines, TV sitcoms, movies, and T-Shirt inscriptions offers us significant clues as to its nature. Apparently it makes grown-ups insipid and insane. Some graffiti was once observed that said "sex is good". All available evidence, however, points to the contrary.
Albert Camus, The Fall|Thus I progressed on the surface of life, in the realm of words as it were, never in reality. All those books barely read, those friends barely loved, those cities barely visited, those women barely possessed! I went through the gestures out of boredom or absent-mindedness. Then came human beings; they wanted to cling, but there was nothing to cling to, and that was unfortunate--for them. As for me, I forgot. I never remembered anything but myself.
J. Randy Taraborrelli, After Camelot: A Personal History of the Kennedy Family--1968 to the Present|What's to rationalize? You mean you shouldn't pray if you haven't got your s--t together? This is another fairly common misconception of faith, which is that people who go to church, or people who pray, or people who talk about their religion must be, somehow more pious or ethically rigorous or have more morally cleansed lifestyle. The high correlation is supposed to be between faith and your search, the depth of your search, your willingness to try, your willingness to admit error, your hope and belief in the ultimate meaning and value of that search.' - Timothy Shriver
Anurag Shourie, Half A Shadow|But they turned out to be prescriptions for medicines, and not for the common cold: opium, lavender oil, belladonna, orange rind, chloral hydrate, strychnine, potassium bromide. Such sedatives and stimulants were common remedies at that time for epilepsy.
John Dewey|It's not the content, but the form of thought that counts.
Rainbow Rowell, Eleanor & Park|If you can’t save your own life, is it even worth saving?
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|And since you know you cannot see yourself,so well as by reflection, I, your glass,will modestly discover to yourself,that of yourself which you yet know not of.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|Cheating is an innate evolutionarily programmed desire, especially in men, but it is not a desire that cannot be controlled.
Jeremy Aldana|My art is that of the 35mm kind; my poetry is of the lead and ink kind; my happiness is of the product of both; and my legacy is of the story of my soul, that my life left behind
Tim Liwanag, Wonderful Love Memes|LOVE— yes, that one never fails!
Richard Hugo, The Triggering Town: Lectures and Essays on Poetry and Writing|Don’t write with a pen. Ink tends to give the impression the words shouldn’t be changed.Write with what gives you the most sensual satisfaction.Write in a hard-covered notebook with green lined pages. Green is easy on the eyes. Blank white pages seems to challenge you to create the world before you start writing. It may be true that you, the modern poet, must make the world as you go, but why be reminded of it before you even have one word on the page?Don’t erase. Cross out rapidly and violently, never with slow consideration if you can help it.Start, as some smarty once said, in the middle of things.Play with syntax.Never want to say anything so strongly that you have to give up the option of finding something better – if you have to say it, you will.Read your poem aloud many times. If you don’t enjoy it every time, something may be wrong.If you ask a question, don’t answer it, or answer a question not asked, or defer. (If you can answer the question, to ask it is to waste time).Maximum sentence length: seventeen words.Minimum: One.Don’t be afraid to take emotional possession of words. If you don’t love a few words enough to own them, you will have to be very clever to write a good poem.
Noam Chomsky|Quality in a classical Greek sense is how to live with grace and intelligence, with bravery and mercy.
Walpola Rahula, What the Buddha Taught: Revised and Expanded Edition with Texts from Suttas and Dhammapada|What we call life...is the combination of the Five Aggregates, a combination of physical and mental energies. These are constantly changing; they do not remain the same for two consecutive moments. Every moment they are born and they die. 'When the Aggregates arise, decay and die, O bhikkhu, every moment you are born, decay, and die.' This, even dow during this life time, every moment we are born and die, but we continue. If we can understand that in this life we can continue without a permanent, unchanging substance like Self or Soul, why can't we understand that those forces themselves can continue without a Self or a Soul behind them after the non-functioning of the body?
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|There must be something in books, things we can't imagine.
Robert Green Ingersoll|I many times encountered courage, real courage. Undeniable courage. I've heard it said that that was the highest quality of the human animal. I encountered that many times, in unexpected places. And I have learned to recognize it when I see it.
Chanakya|I say, If everybody in this house lives where it's God first, friends and family second and you third, we won't ever have an argument.
Solomon Woytowich|We come into this world priceless, with no value befitting our precious tiny frame. As we grow older we begin to assign value to ourselves. And eventually we reach a point where we can place a monetary value on our existence. It is in this moment where we stop believing we are priceless that we start believing we are worthless.
Ace Antonio Hall|Writing a first draft is like groping one's way into a dark room, or overhearing a faint conversation, or telling a joke whose punchline you've forgotten. As someone said, one writes mainly to rewrite, for rewriting and revising are how one's mind comes to inhabit the material fully.
Terry Gross, All I Did Was Ask: Conversations with Writers, Actors, Musicians, and Artists|I also often ask my guests about what they consider to be their invisible weaknesses and shortcomings. I do this because these are the characteristics that define us no less than our strengths. What we feel sets us apart from other people is often the thing that shapes us as individuals. This may be especially true of writers and actors, many of whom first started to develop their observational skills as a result of being sidelined from typical childhood or adolescent activities because of an infirmity or a feeling of not fitting in. Or so I’ve come to believe from talking to so many writers and actors over the years.
Lady Augusta Gregory, Gods and Fighting Men: The Story of the Tuatha De Danaan and the Fianna of Ireland|What is whiter than snow?' he said. 'The truth,' said Grania.'What is the best colour?' said Finn. 'The colour of childhood,' said she.'What is hotter than fire?' 'The face of a hospitable man when he sees a stranger coming in, and the house empty.''What has a taste more bitter than poison?' 'The reproach of an enemy.''What is best for a champion?' 'His doings to be high, and his pride to be low.''What is the best of jewels?' 'A knife.''What is sharper than a sword?' 'The wit of a woman between two men.''What is quicker than the wind?' said Finn then. 'A woman’s mind,' said Grania. And indeed she was telling no lie when she said that.
Matthew Scully, Dominion: The Power of Man, the Suffering of Animals, and the Call to Mercy|Though reason must guide us in laying down standards and laws regarding animals, and in examining the arguments of those who reject such standards, it is usually best in any moral inquiry to start with the original motivation, which in the case of animals we may without embarrassment call love. Human beings love animals as only the higher love the lower, the knowing love the innocent, and the strong love the vulnerable. When we wince at the suffering of animals, that feeling speaks well of us even when we ignore it, and those who dismiss love for our fellow creatures as mere sentimentality overlook a good and important part of our humanity.
Paul Bloom|Although the skills aren't hard to learn, finding the happiness and finding the satisfaction and finding fulfillment in continuously serving somebody else something good to eat, is what makes a really good restaurant.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Are you seeking to know what is wrong with the world? All the disasters that have wrecked your world, came from your leaders’ attempt to evade the fact that A is A. All the secret evil you dread to face within you and all the pain you have ever endured, came from your own attempt to evade the fact that A is A.
Daniel Kahneman, Thinking, Fast and Slow|A reliable way to make people believe in falsehoods is frequent repetition, because familiarity is not easily distinguished from truth. Authoritarian institutions and marketers have always known this fact.
Elizabeth Grace Saunders, The 3 Secrets to Effective Time Investment: Achieve More Success with Less Stress: Foreword by Cal Newport, Author of So Good They Can't Ignore You|We spend our lives asking the question, ‘What do people want me to do? Who do they want me to be?’ But this is a betrayal of our inner truth. We should be investing our lives in the pursuit of discovering who we are and what we were created to do.
DINESH DEVIREDDY|The two dark faces, In front of red sky, beside the water bodies, under the shadow, upon the way ! makes the world to feel that we are not failures ! we are brothers
Patricia Storace|We can never stop searching for Heaven, since there is always more of it than we can see. There, as in those tales that evolve endlessly into other tales, stories have no end. They are hardly ever the stories you know, the official ones, in which wishes are made formal, then legislated and enforced as matters of life or death. They are more often the stories we didn’t hear, or wouldn’t believe, told by the person we ignored, the house that was razed, the choir of dry bones. The scholars of Heaven read and study the vast collection of ashes, books from the torched libraries.
Stephanie Oakes, The Sacred Lies of Minnow Bly|Now, it’s been a while since I had to tell this, so a few of the finer points may not connect as well as they should, but the story will bear the weight. That’s the beauty of the truth: put all together, it makes sense even if the parts might not.
Thea Harrison, True Colors|There were two kinds of storms, Alice thought. One was a friendly kind that you could enjoy watching out the window with a cup of tea. It crashed around in the sky with theatricality but no real malice.This storm was the other, the killing kind. There are horrors that exist in the night, the bitter wind said, horrors that only children and demons can see. There are horrors that exist in the mind as well, that only the individual can bear witness to. The winter wind sang of things that the mind did not quite remember but that fear never forgot, filled as people are with the haunts and tragedies that make up the shadows of their lives. We can’t endure them, the wind whispered, for when the light and warmth are truly taken we are left shivering naked in the dark. Then we hear a nearby husky chuckle that tells us we are prey.
Menna van Praag, The House at the End of Hope Street|My wife was saying to me just the other day how she's noticed a spring in my step lately. That was because I thought you were gone forever.' 'I missed you too, Thurid.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Be tiny in flesh, but fat in spirit.
Horace Walpole|I preach there are all kinds of truth, your truth and somebody else's. But behind all of them there is only one truth and that is that there's no truth.
Jim Butcher, White Night|Being a wizard gives you more power than most, but it doesn't change your heart. We're all human. We're all of us equally naked before the jaws of pain.
Christian D. Larson|Live it already, write about it from the point of view of already having it, and be so happy and grateful at its impending arrival.
Susanna Kearsley|For me, relationship is very important. I can lose money, but I cannot lose a relationship. The test is, at the end of a conversation or a negotiation, both must smile.
Matthew Desmond, Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City|There is nothing in the prospect of a sharp, unceasing battle for the bare necessities of life to encourage looking ahead, everything to discourage the effort….The evil day of reckoning is put off till a to-morrow that may never come. When it does come…it simply adds another hardship to a life measured from the cradle by such incidents.
C.S. Lewis, Letters to Malcolm: Chiefly on Prayer|Some people feel guilty about their anxieties and regard them as a defect of faith. I don't agree at all. They are afflictions, not sins. Like all afflictions, they are, if we can so take them, our share in the Passion of Christ
Claudio Magris, Danube: A Sentimental Journey from the Source to the Black Sea|There are many hostelries in his report, which is the true account of an expedition.
Allison D. Reid, Journey to Aviad|Deep despair, dear Lord, deep despairMy heart yearns to be your heirBut my prayer remains unheardSpeak to me that I may hearAnd I will know that you can hearDeep despair, dear Lord Jesus , deep despair !Deep despair, dear Lord, deep despairYour voice I wait to hearYour presence I seek to be nearThat I may not live with fearAnd I will always be your heirDeep despair, dear Lord Jesus, deep despair! Deep despair, dear Lord , deep despairWhen expectations become desperationMay your might be my light That I may see you as my guideAnd do all things in your mightDeep despair, dear Lord Jesus, deep despair !Deep despair, dear Lord , deep despairMay I know who You really areThat I may know who I am really areAs I stand between my me and where I want to beIn a world that seeks hinder all I have to be Deep despair, dear Lord Jesus, deep despair!Deep despair, dear Lord, deep despairWhen all hope is goneAnd all I have leave my handsMay I smile for what you have doneAs You overcome condemnation with redemptionDeep despair, dear Lord Jesus, deep despair!
Anaïs Nin|Hon, falling in love is easy. Staying in love is the tough part." ~Faith Barnett from Texas Tangle
Joel Osteen|There's nothing as exciting as a comeback - seeing someone with dreams, watching them fail, and then getting a second chance.
Susan Orlean|My salary situation at 'Morning Joe' wasn't right. I made five attempts to fix it, then realized I'd made the same mistake every time: I apologised for asking.
Joseph Heller, Catch-22|His heart cracked, and he fell in love. He wondered if she would marry him. “Tu sei pazzo,” she told him with a pleasant laugh. “Why am I crazy?” he asked. “Perché non posso sposare.” “Why can’t you get married?” “Because I am not a virgin,” she answered. “What has that got to do with it?” “Who will marry me? No one wants a girl who is not a virgin.” “I will. I’ll marry you.” “Ma non posso sposarti.” “Why can’t you marry me?” “Perché sei pazzo.” “Why am I crazy?” “Perché vuoi sposarmi.” Yossarian wrinkled his forehead with quizzical amusement. “You won’t marry me because I’m crazy, and you say I’m crazy because I want to marry you? Is that right?” “Si.” “Tu sei pazz’!” he told her loudly. “Perché?” she shouted back at him indignantly, her unavoidable round breasts rising and falling in a saucy huff beneath the pink chemise as she sat up in bed indignantly. “Why am I crazy?” “Because you won’t marry me.” “Stupido!” she shouted back at him, and smacked him loudly and flamboyantly on the chest with the back of her hand. “Non posso sposarti! Non capisci? Non posso sposarti.” “Oh, sure, I understand. And why can’t you marry me?” “Perché sei pazzo!” “And why am I crazy?” “Perché vuoi sposarmi.” “Because I want to marry you. Carina, ti amo,” he explained, and he drew her gently back down to the pillow. “Ti amo molto.” “Tu sei pazzo,” she murmured in reply, flattered. “Perché?” “Because you say you love me. How can you love a girl who is not a virgin?” “Because I can’t marry you.” She bolted right up again in a threatening rage. “Why can’t you marry me?” she demanded, ready to clout him again if he gave an uncomplimentary reply. “Just because I am not a virgin?” “No, no, darling. Because you’re crazy.
Christian Louboutin|A record company used to be a very good thing, but they ended up soul-destroyingly trapping people in the accounting department. And you couldn't get any further, and the heads of each department were changing all the time, so you couldn't have any permanent relationship within the corporation.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Desire is the foundation of our greatness. Without it, we are stranded; we cannot go anywhere. You won't get, what you don't eagerly desire.
William Shakespeare, Henry V|said Jack matter-of-factly. "I'm a man. We're made to think more quickly." ...Aven swung her fist and clocked Jack square on the chin, knocking him backward into the balloon, which was still under repair....Aven rubbed her knuckles and looked at the others. "Sorry about that. I might have stopped myself from hitting him, but I didn't think of it quickly enough.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Don’t be deceived by Satan and his lies. Instead, stay close to Christ—because the closer you are to Him, the farther away you are from the devil.
Stephenie Meyer, Breaking Dawn|What's that you're holding?" he asked, noticing the pamphlet, still rolled up in her left 
Richard Feynman|Science is like sex: sometimes something useful comes out, but that is not the reason we are doing it. 
Louise Erdrich, The Blue Jay's Dance: A Birth Year|You're looking for a reason," she said. "And that doesn't help. It doesn't change the present.
Brooke Hayward|I wept for my family, all if us, my beautiful, idyllic, lost family. I wept for our excesses, our delusions and inconsistencies; not that we had cared too much or too little, although both were true, but that we had let such extraordinary care be subverted into extraordinary carelessness. We'd been careless with the best of our many resources: each other. It was as though we had taken for granted the fact that there would be more where we had come from too; another chance, another summer, another Brooke, Bridget or Bill.
A. Zavarelli, Stutter|It wasn’t desire, it was biology. My body was adapting to the situation. Doing what it needed to survive. That, I was certain of. Because if I had liked it, liked the hands of this monster, that would have made me a monster too.
Jincy Willett, Amy Falls Down|Jenny Marzen is who again?" Amy knew perfectly well who she was. Jenny Marzen was hot, hotter than Amy had ever been, and Jenny Marzen would be washed up in ten years and didn't know it. "And Jenny is my number one fan?""No, but she likes you. She read your stories in grad school.""What is she, twelve?""The point is, she really liked the article, and all that stuff about experience and news. Lex says she says you've got gravitas.""That's a dirty lie. I never even had mono.
Joyce Carol Oates|For writers, handing a manuscript off to an editor is like walking into a parole hearing. You’ve done the time but wonder if it’s going to satisfy the judge.
Michael Shaara, The Killer Angels|Where they had once ambled alone, they now walked together home.
Judith Warner, Perfect Madness: Motherhood in the Age of Anxiety|Of course, I rationalize the fear. I realize it’s not real, that my house isn’t burning down, that the deer aren’t going to kill me.
Compton Gage|If one billion of you watch and do not intercede as one million of you assent to the one thousand who participate in the murder of a child, then one billion of you are a billion times guilty.
Susan Sarandon|It is not learning we need at all. Individuals need learning but the culture needs something else, the pulse of light on the sea, the warm urge of huddling together to keep out the cold. We need empathy, we need the eyes that still can weep.
Jayde Scott|His eyes narrowed to slits.Power passed over her, intensifying her desire for him. She moaned and rotated her hips against him. “What will you do with me now?
Ovid, Metamorphoses|Take that chance :even though this is hard, you'll get it in a peace.Leave that chance :i know it's easy, but you will always walk in regret
Jonathan Haidt, The Righteous Mind: Why Good People are Divided by Politics and Religion|Try to breathe," he said, and for the first time the only thought in my head after an instruction like that wasn't Fuck you.I breathed.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|It was a small tortoise with Julia’s initials set in diamonds in the living shell, and this slightly obscene object, now slipping impotently on the polished boards, now striding across the card-table, now lumbering over a rug, now withdrawn at a touch, now stretching its neck and swaying its withered, antediluvian head, became a memorable part of the evening, one of those needlehooks of experience which catch the attention when larger matters are at stake.
Luce Irigaray|If you've never studied German before or think you know nothing about it, you might be in for a little surprise. You already know many German words .And you have the advantage of being an English speaker,which means that your knowledge of that language will be a helpful tool for learning German efficiently and comfortably.
Mlungisi Simelane|As soon as God tells you what He wants you to do, the enemy will start telling you why you are unqualified. Learn to identify the lies of the enemy. Don't let satan plant insecurity where God is growing your destiny. Be planted in God's purpose
Richard Corliss|The cool thing is that jazz is really a wonderful example of the great characteristics of Buddhism and great characteristics of the human spirit. Because in jazz we share, we listen to each other, we respect each other, we are creating in the moment. At our best, we're non-judgmental.
Sara  Daniel, One Night With the Best Man|Are you ready to go to the bedroom?"	"I thought you'd never ask." He winked.
Sara Sheridan, The Secret Mandarin|We might give her presents, tell some tales, but would she ever be able to really understand what the journey had been like for us?
Paulo Coelho, Eleven Minutes|Now that she had nothing to lose, she was free.
Dele Alli|The attitude of insolent haughtiness is characteristic of the relationships Americans form with what is alien to them, with others.
William Shakespeare, King Lear|Mark it, nuncle.Have more than thou showest,Speak less than thou knowest,Lend less than thou owest,Ride more than thou goest,Learn more than thou trowest,Set less than thou throwest,Leave thy drink and thy whoreAnd keep in-a-door,And thou shalt have moreThan two tens to a score.
Ralph Marston|In everyone's life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being. We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|I grew excited when I realized this basic asymmetry implied that nothing – no evidence, no information, no facts or data – connected me to the stranger except for the evidence of my own personal observations which remained private as long as I kept them that way. And what did that mean? First of all, it meant I could influence the stranger’s life in any way I wanted without him or anyone else suspecting my involvement. But what did that mean? Among other things, it meant I could disrupt this man’s life in some rather extreme ways and never become a suspect in a subsequent investigation. Or did it mean that? I wasn’t sure but I felt I needed to find out.
Jane Wheeler, It Is Finished: "Tetelestai": The Most Powerful Words Ever Spoken|Monastic spirituality concentrated on private disciplines, as if detaching oneself from "the world" (i.e. society) might make one holier. Anabaptist piety was similar in that regard. However, Calvin thought of sanctification as a family affair. How could one learn loving humility, patience, wisdom, and forgiveness in isolation from others?
Masaru Emoto, Secret Life of Water|If you feel lost, disappointed, hesitant, or weak, return to yourself, to who you are, here and now and when you get there, you will discover yourself, like a lotus flower in full bloom, even in a muddy pond, beautiful and strong.
James Dobson|Marriage is scary to me, man.
Patricia V. Davis, The Diva Doctrine: 16 Universal Principles Every Woman Needs to Know|If I had a daughter, here's what I'd tell her: One day, when you've worked hard for what you want, when people see that you are confident and intelligent and that you recognize your own self-worth, when you take care of yourself, support yourself, and stand up for yourself, that is the day that the world will call you "a cruel and selfish bitch." It's a tough title to earn and you should be and proud of it.
Brent Hartinger, Geography Club|And the way it felt?" I whisper, as if that might soften the blow of embarrassment I'm about to deal. "Is that how you were feeling - how you feel - about me?" A breeze comes off the ocean, and my skin feels strangely empty and open as he gives an almost imperceptible nod.
Charles Dickens, Bleak House|In truth she is not a hard lady naturally, and the time has been when the sight of the venerable figure suing to her with such strong earnestness would have moved her to great compassion. But so long accustomed to suppress emotion and keep down reality, so long schooled for her own purposes in that destructive school which shuts up the natural feelings of the heart like flies in amber and spreads one uniform and dreary gloss over the good and bad, the feeling and the unfeeling, the sensible and the senseless, she had subdued even her wonder until now.
Richelle Mead, Spirit Bound|I'll find you. There is no place in this world you can hide from me. I'm watching.Love, Dimitri
Charles Lamb|I remember an hypothesis argued upon by the young students, when I was at St. Omer's, and maintained with much learning and pleasantry on both sides, 'Whether supposing that the flavour of a big who obtained his death by whipping (per flagellationem extremem) superadded a pleasure upon the palate of a man more intense than any possible suffering we can conceive in the animal, is man justified in using that method of putting an animal to death?' I forget the decision.
Pope Francis|There's not a lot of room anymore for what I call 'made-up' drama. The drama comes from real places now - marriage takes work and focus, the kid stuff takes patience and commitment. And if you don't grow as people and as a couple, within all of that, then you've got some real drama.
Piroska Rodriguez|I know have lived, so many times, that the only thing I have left to remember is my writing, cause every single moment in life it's already written.
Janet Street-Porter|The view which regards man as a well, a reservoir full of possibilities, I call the romantic; the one which regards him as a very finite and fixed creature, I call the classical.
Cathy Lee Crosby|To be happy  drop the words "if only" and substitute instead the words "next time."
Meghan Quinn, The Mother Road|If Porter crawled into bed with me, I wouldn’t flee the scene right away. I probably wouldn’t even kick him out. I might kick him in the gonads and then rub my cheek against his chest because that’s the kind of girl I am. Beat them and then treat them.
Erin Entrada Kelly, Blackbird Fly|None of it mattered, because there was music.
Moira Young, Blood Red Road|Don't give in to fear. Be strong, like i know you are. An never give up, d'you unnerstand, never. No matter what happens.I stare at him.I won't, I says. I ain't no quitter, Pa.That's my girl.
Lauren Handel Zander, Maybe It's You: Cut the Crap. Face Your Fears. Love Your Life.|Heading back into your life to dust off and decipher old memories allows you to fully grasp how much power you have always held in your life. It helps you start to see that the way you have stored your memories and the role you played in them can be altered by you at any moment. Truly. At any moment in time. Hell, with one phone call.
Lisa Edelstein|These are the same people who believe, in some cases, the federal government should not play any role in providing health care to our people or protecting the environment.
Gyan Nagpal|Problem is a outcome. "Of What?", Is the right question
Mommy Moo Moo|Sun shines above making diamonds of lightTink-tinkling, tap dancing and bright.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|That was originally what I had loved him for: that at a period when our native land was nude and crude and provincial, when the famous 'atmosphere' it is supposed to lack was not even missed, when literature was lonely there and art and form akmost impossible, he had found the means to live and write like one of the first; to be free and general and not at all afraid; to feel, understand, and express everything.
Kathryn Schulz, Being Wrong: Adventures in the Margin of Error|The world is outside us; our senses are within us. How, then, do the two come together so that we can know something? Obviously our senses can't go forth and drag an actual chunk of the world back to their internal lair, intact and as is, for the benefit of the rest of the brain.
Stefan Molyneux|Culture makes lies plausible through exposure to time. It makes prejudice seem like physics intergenerationally. It is therefore the most dangerous opponent of philosophy, because it feels the most credible to the average person.
Prachi Parichita|The medical system serves a very important purpose for many, but our most common lifestyle diseases are better served with use of the Self Care System.
Rollo May, The Meaning of Anxiety|At the centre of all these noble races we cannot fail to see the blond beast of prey, the magnificent blond beast avidly prowling round for spoil and victory; this hidden centre needs release from time to time, the beast must out again, must return to the wild: - Roman, Arabian, Germanic, Japanese nobility, Homeric heroes, Scandinavian Vikings - in this requirement they are all alike. It was the noble races which left the concept of 'barbarian' in their traces wherever they went; even their highest culture betrays the fact that they were conscious of this and indeed proud of it.
Steven J. Carroll, A Prince of Earth|A bird & a fish can fall in love, but where do they make a home?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|O Lord, grant me the grace of endurance, in the race of life.
Ahmir Questlove Thompson, Mo' Meta Blues: The World According to Questlove|How do you plan a rebirth? I'm not sure you do. You just stand in the darkness until you can't endure it any long, and then you move forward until you're standing in the light.
Marisha Pessl|Books give us new lives, loves, and the feeling we aren't alone.
Carson Kressley|Raised by an irresponsible mother during the Great Depression in the Jim Crow south, my father was on his own from the age of 13.
Roberto Bolaño, 2666|If they’re together long enough, every couple has one conversation over and over. This was ours.
John Keats, The Complete Poems|Beauty is truth, truth beauty,—that is all Ye know on earth, and all ye need to know
Barry Lyga, Lucky Day|There were dragons, in his dreams, as though some part of him knew the trials were not yet over, that there were battles yet to be fought. He slept fitfully, fidgeting, tossing and turning, groaning and crying out in his sleep.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|Of course I can read", he said. "Jesus Christ.""Well, then, what are you trying to tell me? That you don't want to?" "No. I-" He closed his eyes and took a deep breath through his nose. "-I don't know why I'm trying to tell you anything. I can read. I just can't read book.""So pretend it's a really long street sign and muddle through it.
Meredith Marple, The Year Mrs. Cooper Got Out More: A Great Wharf Novel|There is a choice you have to make in everything you do. So keep in mind that in the end, the choice you make, makes you.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|Would you actually believe that you had committed your foolish acts in order to spare your son from committing them too? And could you in any way protect your son from Sansara? How could you? By means of teachings, prayer, admonition? My dear, have you entirely forgotten that story, that story containing so many lessons, that story about Siddhartha, a Brahman's son, which you once told me here on this very spot? Who has kept the Samana Siddhartha safe from Sansara, from sin, from greed, from foolishness? Were his father's religious devotion, his teachers warnings, his own knowledge, his own search able to keep him safe? Which father, which teacher had been able to protect him from living his life for himself, from soiling himself with life, from burdening himself with guilt, from drinking the bitter drink for himself, from finding his path for himself? Would you think, my dear, anybody might perhaps be spared from taking this path? That perhaps your little son would be spared, because you love him, because you would like to keep him from suffering and pain and disappointment? But even if you would die ten times for him, you would not be able to take the slightest part of his destiny upon yourself.
Enock Maregesi|Mungu ana uwezo wa kukuwekea ulinzi kulia na kushoto yaani anayekulinda naye ana mlinzi wake. Lakini wakati mwingine anaacha ufuate kile ambacho moyo wako unataka kwa sababu hataki kukulazimisha ijapokuwa uwezo huo anao. Mungu hakukuumba kuwa roboti. Alikuumba kuwa huru kuchagua mema au mabaya usije ukamlaumu baadaye kwamba ulimchagua yeye kwa sababu hukuwa na uhuru. Msikilize Roho wa Mungu, kabla na katika kila jambo unalofanya.
Tom Lantos|John Glenn's anniversaries have followed me all of my life. I was born in 1962, the year he orbited Earth.
Steve Biko|At the time of his death, Biko had a wife and three children for which he left a letter that stated in one part: “I've devoted my life to see equality for blacks, and at the same time, I've denied the needs of my family. Please understand that I take these actions, not out of selfishness or arrogance, but to preserve a South Africa worth living in for blacks and whites.
Jeanne D'Albret|Pardon me if, reading that, I want to laugh, because you want to relieve me of a fear I've never had. I've never thought that, as they say, you eat little children.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|I bet you to believe me when I say again that we do not need a great house, Sarah. We only need a great love.
Debasish Mridha|If every one of us spreads the message of love, compassion, kindness and forgiveness, peace will be there.
Don Willett|Children that are raised in a home with a married mother and father consistently do better in every measure of well-being than their peers who come from divorced or step-parent, single-parent, cohabiting homes.
San Juan de la Cruz|Well and good if all things change, O Lord God, provided I am rooted in You.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|To be fair, I am not the same man. The one who listened. The one who believed her.
Jennifer Silverwood, Stay|She had seen the almost-human Orona, who was orphaned and alone in the world, a woman whom Cain had plucked off the streets and fallen in love with. What she didn’t see was the undead creature Cain barely knew, the foolish human girl who fell in love with the caretaker of the seas. She hadn’t seen me stand up against a hurricane or keep a cave from crushing two lovers to death. She hadn’t seen me throw myself over the ones who would have turned to ashes when the volcano erupted, or made water appear from the sands to the dying in the desert. She did not know I was both savior and destroyer to so many souls.
Frank Herbert, Dune Messiah|Constitutions become the ultimate tyranny," Paul said. "They’re organized power on such a scale as to be overwhelming. The constitution is social power mobilized and it has no conscience. It can crush the highest and the lowest, removing all dignity and individuality. It has an unstable balance point and no limitations.
Ilona Andrews, Gunmetal Magic|When it was done and I went to sleep, I lay awake and listened to the clock on your nightstand and the wind outside and understood that I was really home, that in bed with you was home, and something that had been getting close in the dark was suddenly gone. It could not stay. It had been banished. It knew how to come back, I was sure of that, but it could not stay and I could really go to sleep. My heart cracked with gratitude. I think it was the first gratitude I’ve ever really known. I lay there beside you and the tears rolled down the sides of my face and onto the pillow. I loved you then and I love you now and I have loved you every second in between. I don’t care if you understand me. Understanding is vastly overrated, but nobody ever gets enough safety. I’ve never forgotten how safe I felt with that thing gone out of the darkness.
Stephanie Oakes, The Sacred Lies of Minnow Bly|You know, when I was little, my dad told me that if I misbehaved, he'd send me to live with a witch who ate children.''Really?'She nods. 'I was so afraid of the witch. Feelings are magnified when you're young, I think, and the fear can stay with you for a long time. I eventually grew out of the fear but even now when I read something with a witch, my mind always traces back to that story. Isn't that weird?''How'd you grow out of it?' I ask. 'The fear?'She takes a long moment to answer. 'I read lots and lots of books about witches.
Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe|The Hitchhiker’s Guide to the Galaxy has this to say about the planet of Golgafrincham: it is a planet with an ancient and mysterious history, rich in legend, red, and occasionally green with the blood of those who sought in times gone by to conquer her; a land of parched and barren landscapes, of sweet and sultry air heady with the scent of the perfumed springs that trickle over its hot and dusty rocks and nourish the dark and musky lichens beneath; a land of fevered brows and intoxicated imaginings, particularly among those who taste the lichens; a land also of cool and shaded thoughts among those who have learned to forswear the lichens and find a tree to sit beneath; a land also of steel and blood and heroism; a land of the body and of the spirit. This was its history. And in all this ancient and mysterious history, the most mysterious figures of all were without doubt those of the Great Circling poets of Arium. These Circling Poets used to live in remote mountain passes where they would lie in wait for small bands of unwary travelers, circle around them, and throw rocks at them. And when the travelers cried out, saying why didn’t they go away and get on with writing some poems instead of pestering people with all this rock-throwing business, they would suddenly stop, and then break into one of the seven hundred and ninety-four great Song Cycles of Vassillian. These songs were all of extraordinary beauty, and even more extraordinary length, and all fell into exactly the same pattern.
Dalai Lama XIV, The Art of Happiness|Sometimes when I meet old friends, it reminds me how quickly time passes. And it makes me wonder if we've utilized our time properly or not. Proper utilization of time is so important. While we have this body, and especially this amazing human brain, I think every minute is something precious. Our day-to-day existence is very much alive with hope, although there is no guarantee of our future. There is no guarantee that tomorrow at this time we will be here. But we are working for that purely on the basis of hope. So, we need to make the best use of our time. I believe that the proper utilization of time is this: if you can, serve other people, other sentient beings. If not, at least refrain from harming them. I think that is the whole basis of my philosophy.So, let us reflect what is truly of value in life, what gives meaning to our lives, and set our priorities on the basis of that. The purpose of our life needs to be positive. We weren't born with the purpose of causing trouble, harming others. For our life to be of value, I think we must develop basic good human qualities—warmth, kindness, compassion. Then our life becomes meaningful and more peaceful—happier.
Jeannette Walls|I wondered if the fire had been out to get me. I wondered if all fire was related, like Dad said all humans were related, if the fire that had burned me that day while I cooked hot dogs was somehow connected to the fire I had flushed down the toilet and the fire burning at the hotel. I didn’t have the answers to those questions, but what I did know was that I lived in a world that that at any moment could erupt into fire. It was the sort of knowledge that kept you on your toes.
Gary Numan|Anytime you cast a movie and you need someone famous in the lead part, you're a prisoner of whoever happens to be famous in the six-month window in which you're trying to get a film financed.
Dean Koontz, Odd Interlude: A Special Odd Thomas Adventure|Her love could stretch on unconditionally and endlessly, like it’s a universe within her. I’m drawn to the edge of that universe. I’d like to fall into a black hole of it somehow. I just whisper, “God.
Meir Soloveichik|When I was just starting out in the business, I used to love to watch Lorne Greene doing the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. I said right then, 'That's what I want to do someday,' and it's been one dream that has come true.
Mark Doty, Heaven's Coast: A Memoir|The three phases of Santa belief: (1) Santa is real.(2) Santa isn't real.(3) Yes, Virginia, there is a Santa Claus.
Sonya Hartnett, The Ghost's Child|How does one craft happiness out of something as important, as complicated, as unrepeatable and as easily damaged as life?
Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man|If per capita was a problem, decapita could be arranged
Jennifer A. Nielsen, A Night Divided|In choosing to exchange precious principles for worthless impulses, I have far too often bankrupted my soul in order to bankroll my ego.
Cormac McCarthy, The Road|What you alter in the remembering has yet a reality, known or not.
Donald Driver|If I were a liberal Democrat, people would say I'm the super genius of all time. The super genius of all time. If you're a conservative Republican, you've got to fight for your life. It's really an amazing thing.
Erin Hunter, A Dangerous Path|The cats at the edge of the clearing were staring up at the sky, their eyes huge with fear. As he looked upward, Fireheart heard the beating of wings and saw a hawk circling above the trees, its harsh cry drifting on the air. At the same time he realized that one cat had not taken shelter; Snowkit was tumbling and playing in the middle of the open space."Snowkit!" Speckletail yowled desperately.
William Blake|If a thing loves, it is infinite.
Daniel Kahneman|When you relinquish the desire to control your future, you can have more happiness.
Shannon L. Alder|Always do good for others because when people try to drag your name through the mud, God will always bring a storm to wash it away.
Thomas Hardy, Jude the Obscure|The yard was a little centre of regeneration. Here, with keen edges and smooth curves, were forms in the exact likeness of those he had seen abraded and time-eaten on the walls. These were the ideas in modern prose which the lichened colleges presented in old poetry. Even some of those antiques might have been called prose when they were new. They had done nothing but wait, and had become poetical. How easy to the smallest building; how impossible to most men.
Barbara Ehrenreich|I was raised the old-fashioned way, with a stern set of moral principles: Never lie, cheat, steal or knowingly spread a venereal disease. Never speed up to hit a pedestrian or, or course, stop to kick a pedestrian who has already been hit. From which it followed, of course, that one would never ever -- on pain of deletion from dozens of Christmas card lists across the country -- vote Republican. 
Anya Taylor-Joy|There is something about poetry beyond prose logic, there is mystery in it, not to be explained but admired.
John Thomas Allen|Our current contempt for poverty stems from information overload--this is the enabler---our over education as privileged people-- perhaps the real culprit--and our secret assurance that we ourselves owe no one anything beyond the exhausting daily round. We will defend our lack of idealism to anyone and be horrifyingly well received in this age. Indeed, many so called financial "philosophies" are in fact nothing more than elaborate justification for one petty selfishness after the next.
K.D. Wood, Unwilling|Come in." The kid turned and walked toward the house. "I'll help you if I can." He paused, his brown eyes turned toward Stacy who now stood open-mouthed. "But you'll have to do something for me in return."	I frowned. "Like what?"	"Hide me from my mother," he said. His eyes were shiny with fresh tears.	I snorted. "Do you mean your mother, the beauty queen?"	"No," he said softly. His face suddenly seemed older. "I mean my mother, the monster.
Lauren Oliver|As Raimbaut dragged a dead man along he thought, ‘Ohcorpse, I have come rushing here only to be dragged along by theheels like you. What is this frenzy that drives me, this mania forbattle and for love, when seen from the place where your staringeyes gaze and your flung-back head knocks over stones? It’s thatI think of, oh corpse, it’s that you make me think of: but does anythingchange? Nothing. No other days exist but these of oursbefore the tomb, both for us the living and for you the dead. Mayit be granted me not to waste them, not to waste anything of whatI am, of what I could be: to do deeds helpful to the Frankish cause:to embrace, to be embraced by, proud Bradamante. I hope youspent your days no worse, oh corpse. Anyway to you the dice have already shown their numbers. For me they are still whirling in thebox. And I love my own disquiet, corpse, not your peace.
Sarah Ban Breathnach, Peace and Plenty: Finding Your Path to Financial Serenity|Just because it isn't perfect, doesn't mean it isn't awesome.
Jonathan Stroud, The Ring of Solomon|The Evasive Cartwheel ™ © etc., Bartimaeus of Uruk, circa. 2800 B.C.E. Often imitated, never surpassed. As famously memorialized in the New Kingdom tomb paintings of Ramses III— you can just see me in the background of The Dedication of the Royal Family before Ra, wheeling out of sight behind the pharaoh.
James Joyce|The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age.
Bidemi Mark-Mordi|To move from here to there, sometimes there is a need to suspend the present realities; they can be a distraction.
Gabriel Cousens M.D., Conscious Parenting: The Holistic Guide to Raising and Nourishing Healthy, Happy Children|Dietary patterns are set at a very early age—somewhere between four and eight years old. The research shows that children who have established a healthy diet are healthier in the longer range and less likely to develop cancer, heart disease, stroke, diabetes, and obesity.
Philippe Cousteau, Jr.|My father's plan was, we were going to grow up and travel the world.
Melody Carstairs|The moment of realization is: When what you thought you couldn't be without, becomes a part of the past, rather than the start of the future.
Katherine McIntyre, Soul Solution|But everyone knows someone who has died, I said. Why is it so hard to think about dying?'Because,' Morrie continued, 'most of us walk around as if we're sleepwalking. We really don't experience the world fully, because we're half asleep, doing things we automatically think we have to do.'And facing death changes all that?'Oh, yes. You strip away all that stuff and you focus on the essentials. When you realize you are going to die, you see everything much differently.'He sighed. 'Learn how to die, and you learn how to live.
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|He must have stood there for a long time, making a list of all the terrible things he had done—almost killinng me was one of those thingss—and another list of all the good, heroic, brave things he had not done, and then decided that he was tired. Tired, not just of living, but of existing. Tired of being Al.
Anne Carson, Eros the Bittersweet|Novels institutionalize the ruse of eros. It becomes a narrative texture of sustained incongruence, emotional and cognitive. It permits the reader to stand in triangular relation to the characters in the story and reach into the text after the objects of their desire, sharing their longing but also detached from it, seeing their view of reality but also its mistakenness. It is almost like being in love.
Leonardo da Vinci, A Treatise on Painting|If the painter has clumsy hands, he will be apt to introduce them into his works, and so of any other part of his person, which may not happen to be so beautiful as it ought to be. He must, therefore, guard particularly against that self-love, or too good opinion of his own person, and study by every means to acquire the knowledge of what is most beautiful, and of his own defects, that he may adopt the one and avoid the other.
Katja Millay, The Sea of Tranquility|Black as night, sweet as sin.
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords: Blood and Gold|Frankly, if her face wasn't so cute, I would most certainly have been punching it.
Diane Chamberlain, Keeper of the Light|Yes?""When you said you weren't angry...""Yes?""Were you?""I was rather annoyed," he admitted."But not angry?" She sounded as if she didn't believe him."Believe me, Henry, when I get angry, you'll know.""What happens?"His eyes clouded over slightly before he answered. "You don't want to know."She believed him.
Shubhra Krishan, Essential Ayurveda: What It Is and What It Can Do for You|To eat or not to eat, that is the question: whether 'tis Nobler in the stomach to suffer the Slings and Arrows of outrageous Hunger (while keeping mouthparts in pristine kissing condition) or to take Spoon against Slice of cake, and--"Yes, please," my stomach pipes up.
Sia|I'm fascinated by Comte's clear-eyed analysis of what was wrong with modern society, which is that you've got industrial capitalism on one side and romantic love on the other. Those, along with non-instrumental art, are supposed to get you through the day?
A.W. Tozer, Preparing for Jesus' Return: Daily Live the Blessed Hope|Yet as I read the birth stories about Jesus I cannot help but conclude that though the world may be tilted toward the rich and powerful, God is tilted toward the underdog.
Scott Hastie|Once spun,The silken thread of all our aspirationsRemains intact,It can never be broken.
John Calvin|For where God built a church, there the Devil would also build a chapel.
Delano Johnson, Love Quotes|Perfect bliss, from just the thought of you next to me.
Doug Meckelson and Diane Haithman|No one goes through this life unscathed. No matter what one sees in other people's lives that might seem better than one's own, that's only on the surface. No one knows what goes on beneath. Envy is an exercise in futility, since not one person gets out of this life alive.
David Marusek, Mind Over Ship|The existence of excessive nationalism is a symptom of a deeper problem in the collective consciousness, which is continually being exploited.
Jacintha Topaz, Purr Scent I: The Meeting|D/s can be dangerous, because it explores the most primitive sides of ourselves. Those involved must have a high degree of trust and very, very healthy devotion to one another. Like religion, it can be a spiritually enlightening experience, or it an expression of psychosis. And somewhere in between, it can be tremendously fun.
Susan Barbara Apollon, Touched by the Extraordinary, Book Two|I have been blessed by those I cannot see, but whose presence I feel. I know that I am not alone and hope that you, too, will find that, even in the most difficult situations, you are fully supported by the universe. All that is required is that you ask for help. It is there waiting for you.
Jeffrey Rasley, Bringing Progress to Paradise: What I Got from Giving to a Mountain Village in Nepal|I start to see that I surround myself with broken people; more broken than me. Ah, yes, let me count your cracks. Let's see, one hundred, two... yes, you'll do nicely. A cracked companion makes me look more whole, gives me something outside myself to care for. When I'm with whole, healed people I feel my own cracks, the shatters, the insanities of dislocation in myself.
Rob Bignell, Editor, Writing Affirmations: A Collection of Positive Messages to Inspire Writers|When you grow up to be an author and write books, you'll think you're making the books up, but they'll all really be true, somewhere.
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|You priests. You're all the same. You think fasting helps you think about God, when anyone who can cook would tell you that fasting just makes you think about food.
Ramon Bautista, Bakit Hindi Ka Crush ng Crush Mo?|TANDAAN: mahirap mafriendzone, pero madali lang gumanti!
Tom Simon|Dragons, for instance, have the right of safe conduct anywhere in Faërie. A reader may not like to read stories about dragons, she may be morally offended or aesthetically uninterested or simply sick of the subject; but at any rate she will not complain that the author has cheated by bringing in a dragon, because dragons belong in fantasy.
Brandy Norwood|Everyone has a chance to learn, improve, and build up their skills.
J.E. Haldeman|There's a place for farts, and there's a place for sharts.
Charles Bukowski|We don’t even ask happiness, just a little less pain.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|May the way I look at you, the way I speak with you, and the way I treat you reflect the truth that... I have loved you since forever.
Suzanne Selfors, Saving Juliet|Our doubts are traitors and make uslose the good we oft might win, by fearing to attempt. In other words, awish is a good place to start but then you have to get off your butt and make ithappen. You have to pick up a quill and write your own damn story. (Mimi Wallingford)
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Wisdom is the spine of a business, money is its oxygen, and God is its strength and life.
Chuck Palahniuk, Damned|You’ve thrown down the gauntlet. You’ve brought my wrath down upon your house. Now, to prove that I exist I must kill you. As the child outlives the father, so must the character bury the author. If you are, in fact, my continuing author, then killing you will end my existence as well. Small loss. Such a life, as your puppet, is not worth living.But… If I destroy you and your dreck script, and I still exist… then my existence will be glorious, for I will become my own master.
Kishore Bansal|He returns my smile. His teeth are beautiful, the loveliest I've seen so far on these streets.
John Dewey|Give the pupils something to do, not something to learn; and the doing is of such a nature as to demand thinking; learning naturally results.
D.H. Lawrence, Lady Chatterley's Lover|Sex and a cocktail: they both lasted about as long, had the same effect, and amounted to about the same thing.
Andrea Dworkin|You painted a naked woman because you enjoyed looking at her, put a mirror in her hand and you called the painting “Vanity,” thus morally condemning the woman whose nakedness you had depicted for you own pleasure.
Elizabeth Berkley|I realized my family was funny, because nobody ever wanted to leave our house.
Nikki Rowe|I don't think anyone could really know her, just as the peak of her struggle blooms, she again appearered to have held it all together when the whole world; would have thought, she'd fall Apart.
Mel Brooks|Sometimes, how you ingest this idea of masculinity as projected onto you by the world could be the difference of life and death.
Confucius|The few own the many because they possess the means of livelihood of all ... The country is governed for the richest, for the corporations, the bankers, the land speculators, and for the exploiters of labor. The majority of mankind are working people. So long as their fair demands - the ownership and control of their livelihoods - are set at naught, we can have neither men's rights nor women's rights. The majority of mankind is ground down by industrial oppression in order that the small remnant may live in ease.
Phil 'Philosofree' Cheney|My touchstone for following a line of wisdom is; ‘living the philosophy should bring freedom to the individual, and love, wisdom and compassion to society, to our relationships’.
Charmaine J Forde|Find children in your neighborhood,Teach them how to read and writeTake them out of the darkness,Into the light
James A. Owen, Here, There Be Dragons|Astraeus,' Aven called out. 'God of the four winds and friend to sailors. Say a little prayer when you look at him, so he will give us what we need to keep our course.'A little prayer?' said Jack. 'To a constellation?'To what it represents,' said Aven.But I don't believe in what it represents,' said Jack.Prayers aren't for the deity,' said Aven. 'They're for you, to recommit yourself to what you believe.'Can't you do that without praying to a dead Greek god?'Sure,' said Aven. 'But how often would anyone do that, if not in prayer?
Tiffany Schmidt, Bright Before Sunrise|Maybe loneliness is an acquired taste, or maybe it's like plunging your hand in ice water--it hurts like hell in the beginning, and then you go numb.
Megan Hart, Deeper|It's quite widespread in rock culture, that mythology of the shooting star.I'd rather be the North star. As bob (Dylan) says, you can navigate by it.
Stana Katic|There’s a tremendous need to implode the myths of mental illness, to put a face on it, to show people that a diagnosis does not have to lead to a painful and oblique life....We who struggle with these disorders can lead full, happy, productive lives, if we have the right resources.
Jazz Feylynn|Be always sure you are right, then go ahead.
Bambang,|Once alone stop learning, it is also the time when death is imminent.
Dorothy Rowe, Depression: The Way Out of Your Prison|When a depressed person shrinks away from your touch it does not mean he is rejecting you. Rather he is protecting you from the foul, destructive evil which he believes is the essence of his being and which he believes can injure you.
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Pastrix: The Cranky, Beautiful Faith of a Sinner & Saint|My former bishop Allan Bjorberg once said that the greatest spiritual practice isn't yoga or praying the hours or living in intentional poverty, although these are all beautiful in their own way. The greatest spiritual practice is just showing up. And Mary Magdalene is the patron saint of just showing up. Showing up, to me, means being present to what is real, what is actually happening. Mary Magdalene didn't necessarily know what to say or what to do or even what to think when she encountered the risen Jesus. But none of that was nearly as important as the fact that she was present and attentive to him.
Simi Sunny|To be honest, I love watching some of the old cartoons and new ones that are popular. It's another way to make me happy and reminisce the good old times. Plus, it makes me forget the recreational world around me. If only the economy would let loose and not tire everyone out. I'm just saying. People have an inner child somewhere. I have one, too. So it's cool to have an inner child at times. It can brighten your day and see another view in life.
Ann Somerville, Remastering Jerna|She knew it wasn’t right, but this was the second time in her life when hurting a man’s feelings trumped assuaging her own.
Robert W. Chambers, In Search of the Unknown|Well the sky always seemed like another ocean to me, you know? Like we live between two incredible oceans, and we'll never get to the bottom of either of them.
Lemony Snicket, Horseradish: Bitter Truths You Can't Avoid|Annie clouded up. For a second, he thought she was going to erupt, and flinched. She saw that...and got control of herself with an visible effort. She took three deep breaths, each longer than the last, and her features became serene.All at once it seemed totally clear to Mike that she was right and he was nuts - that his ingenius theory was nonsense, childish, fantasty bullshit. His conviction evaporated, and he was ashamed. He felt his cheeks grow hot, groped for words with which to backtrack -"I have to admit I have no better explanation for the the facts," Annie said slowly.Again, Mike did an emotional instant 180. "Holy shit -"She held up a hand. "I am going to think now. Very hard, for a long time. You will be as quiet as possible while I do." She got up from the computer, went to the bed, and lay down. "Think yourself, or read, or play games with the headphones on, or go Topside if you like." She clasped her hands on her belly, closed her eyes and appeared to go to sleep
Jonathan Heatt|Even creating shit is hard to do. First, you need money to buy food. Then you have to chew it, eat it, and swallow. A complex process called digestion follows. Finally, you have to strain and excrete your foul smelling wonder into the world. Try doing that with a paint brush!
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Seduction|Sienna, meet Zacharel. He's a warrior angel for the One, True Deity. Zacharel, meet Sienna. She's mine.
Debasish Mridha|Magical morning lights, dreamy sky,Smiling flowers letting us know summer is opening her eyes
Joan Reardon, As Always, Julia: The Letters of Julia Child and Avis DeVoto: Food, Friendship, and the Making of a Masterpiece|I am in a state about all of this. I comb the newspapers. I listen to the commentators. And I get into fights all over the place. If a Republican knows his place and hates McCarthy and wishes to God Eisenhower would get more aggressive about these bastards, well and good and I will admit him to the brotherhood. If he says nasty things about Truman (who is rapidly becoming the Man I Love although I have been sore enough at him in my time) or still thinks taxes are coming down and we can get out of Korea‡ and we ought to fire all the Democrats in Washington and don’t worry, McCarthy-ism will blow over or alternately Where There’s Smoke There’s Fire—well, dear, I am no lady and I argue loudly and lose my temper and it’s disgraceful.
G.M. Malliet|The Amida Buddha delivers those who recognize their own weakness and cowardice... Those who admit their own faults and above all, those who believe... A wholehearted trust in Amida Buddha gives peace of mind to those who've known despair. Even the most vicious and evil of sinners will attain salvation and be reborn in paradise... Even a piece of shit like me!
David Wong, John Dies at the End|Thus, one of the awful things I can admit about myself is that the two years I spent with Jennifer live in my mind mostly as a series of frantic, breathy memories. Clawing hands tugging off clothes, heartbeat thumping in my ears, fingernails digging down my back. salty tastes lingering in my mouth. It's biology. It's hormones. As time passes I can recall fewer and fewer of our conversations and I couldn't give you the details of our five most-fun dates (though I have a fairly graphic vision of how each of them ended).If upon hearing this you pump your fist and wink knowingly, you can kiss my ass. She was a good friend to me. She put up with my bullshit and at times not even I can put up with my bullshit. But all that is gone and what is left is a big, black hole where the sex used to be.
Dougie Brimson, Wings of a Sparrow|Two hours later, a noise resembling a hippo rolling along a corrugated iron roof shook Jane from her doze and Rob bursts through the living room door.
S.E. Hinton|If you have two friends in your lifetime, you're lucky. If you have one good friend, you're more than lucky.
Paul Ryan|If you show emotion in competition, temporarily, you'll be ineffective. If you're disciplined enough, you don't get down when you're behind, and you have a chance to create something positive.
Weike Wang, Chemistry|But, I tell myself, Weight is just an artifact of gravity. If this were a jazz club on the moon, I would weigh less.
Nicholas Sparks, A Bend in the Road|I don't know how many marriage breakups are caused by these movie-and television-addicted women expecting some bouquets and kissing and hugging and being swept out like Cinderella for dinner and dancing -- then getting mad when a poor, scraggly husband comes in tired and sweaty from working like a dog all day, looking for some food.
Daniel Nayeri, Another Faust|This is the first time I have heard ‘ethics’ in the mouth of a man. You and I are the only men on this ship that know its meaning. At one time in my life, I dreamed that I might someday talk with men who used such language, that I might lift myself out of the place in life in which I had been born, and hold conversation and mingle with men who talked about just such things as ethics.
Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason|Whenever we read the obscene stories, the voluptuous debaucheries, the cruel and torturous executions, the unrelenting vindictiveness, with which more than half the Bible is filled, it would be more consistent that we called it the word of a demon, than the word of God. It is a history of wickedness, that has served to corrupt and brutalize mankind; and, for my part, I sincerely detest it, as I detest everything that is cruel.
Alexandra Bracken, The Darkest Minds|Why are you so weird?""Because my weird has to be able to cancel out your weird, Lady Cross-stitch.""At least what I do is considered an art form.""Yes, in ye olde medieal Europse you would've been quite the catch-
Alan Bradley, I Am Half-Sick of Shadows|Books are like oxygen to a deep-sea diver," she had once said. "Take them away and you might as well begin counting the bubbles.
Azar Nafisi, The Republic of Imagination: America in Three Books|But perhaps there is another, more personal reason for my disagreement with Ramin: I cannot imagine myself feeling at home in a place that is indifferent to what has become my true home, a land with no borders and few restrictions, which I have taken to calling “the Republic of Imagination.” I think of it as Nabokov’s “somehow, somewhere” or Alice’s backyard, a world that runs parallel to the real one, whose occupants need no passport or documentation. The only requirements for entry are an open mind, a restless desire to know and an indefinable urge to escape the mundane.
Michael Bassey Johnson, Classic Quotations From The Otherworlds|Have a choice, learn the process and then go for the success.
Alan Dershowitz|The military tribunals currently underway at Guantanamo Bay create a clear legal process, as affirmed by the U.S. Supreme Court in Hamdi v. Rumsfeld, for adjudicating the cases of these terrorists, when possible. Those efforts would be severely undercut by moving the detainees to the United States.
Bryan Lee O'Malley, Scott Pilgrim, Volume 1: Scott Pilgrim's Precious Little Life|this song is for the guy who keeps yelling from the balcony, and it's called 'we hate you, please die.
Elizabeth Camden, With Every Breath|Kate, I can't live my life in the shadow of your fears.
Pablo Neruda, Veinte poemas de amor y una canción desesperada; Cien sonetos de amor|Then love knew it was called love. And when I lifted my eyes to your name, suddenly your heart showed me my way
Daniel Pinchbeck, Breaking Open the Head: A Psychedelic Journey Into the Heart of Contemporary Shamanism|I realized that most thoughts are impersonal happenings, like self-assembling machines. Unless we train ourselves, the thoughts passing through our mind have little involvement with our will. It is strange to realize that even our own thoughts pass by like scenery out the window of a bus, a bus we took by accident while trying to get somewhere else.
L.J. Vanier, Ether: Into the Nemesis|Life seems to flood by, taking our loves quickly in its flow. In the growth of children, in the aging of beloved parents, time's chart is magnified, shown in its particularity, focused, so that with each celebration of maturity there is also a pang of loss. This is our human problem, one common to parents, sons and daughters, too - how to let go while holding tight, how to simultaneously cherish the closeness and intricacy of the bond while at the same time letting out the raveling string, the red yarn that ties our hearts.
A.D. Aliwat, Alpha|What needed to stop was the succession of dates with these relatively impressive, relatively interesting people, when I could tell from the first minute that everyone here was going to end as a runner-up in a long race to nowhere in particular, broken-down, exhausted, no one wearing a medal.
Gloria D. Gonsalves, Let's Go Dancing in the Light: A Collection of Poetry and Prose for Soul and Spirit|We are all angelic.Offspring of godly relic,accept and be prophetic.
Swami Satchidananda, The Yoga Sutras|Mere philosophy will not satisfy us. We cannot reach the goal by mere words alone. Without practice, nothing can be achieved. (3)
Karen Greco, Tainted Blood|Men. They don't ask for directions, but they'll ask a demon for a favor.-Nina
Julien Gracq|It was a fossilized path: the will which had cut this gash out of these solitary places so that the blood and sap would flow there was long since dead - and dead too were the circumstances which had guided this will. A whitish and indurated scar remained, gradually gnawed away by the earth like a flesh that heals itself, yet its direction was still vaguely cut into the horizon; a language and crepuscular sign rather than a way forward - a worn-out lifeline which still vegetated through the fallow land as it does on the palm of a hand. It was so old that, since it had been constructed, the very configuration of the land must have changed imperceptibly.
Effrosyni Moschoudi, The Lady of the Pier - The Ebb|Her grandparents’ house was an old crammed up space just like all the others there, but to Sofia it had the luxuries of a palace and the reverence of a church.
Laura Dave, The First Husband|Here it was, the first of many lies he’d have to come up with. “Bella threw a knife at my head.” He’d do better with the next lie.
James Agee, A Death in the Family|And somewhat as in blind night, on a mild sea, a sailor may be made aware of an iceberg, fanged and mortal, bearing invisibly near, by the unwarned charm of its breath, nothingness now revealed itself: that permanent night upon which the stars in their expiring generations are less than the glinting of gnats, and nebulae, more trivial than winter breath; that darkness in which eternity lies bent and pale, a dead snake in a jar, and infinity is the sparkling of a wren blown out to sea; that inconceivable chasm of invulnerable silence in which cataclysms of galaxies rave mute as amber.
Cassandra Clare, Tales from the Shadowhunter Academy|Sometimes people get taken away from you whether you want it or not. And sometimes that hurts so much, it might be easier to forget.
Daria Snadowsky, Anatomy of a Boyfriend|I only enjoy what I can see, because I don't feel anything. For example, your new wallpaper. I like it and it can stay, it's quiet and it keeps quiet at least. Luckily I don't have to feel it, just see it.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|My goals may seem impossibly far-fetched when really they're not. Break them down into steps and see how I accomplish great things. I can easily reach from A to B. I can manage from B to C. I can then make it from C to D. And so eventually, I will find my way from A to Z.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|This wolf-woman Self must have freedom to move, to speak, to be angry, and to create.
Matthew      Lewis, The Monk|No one is adequate to comprehending the misery of my lot! Fate obliges me to be constantly in movement: I am not permitted to pass more than a fortnight in the same place. I have no Friend in the world, and from the restlessness of my destiny I never can acquire one. Fain would I lay down my miserable life, for I envy those who enjoy the quiet of the Grave: But Death eludes me, and flies from my embrace. In vain do I throw myself in the way of danger. I plunge into the Ocean; The Waves throw me back with abhorrence upon the shore: I rush into fire; The flames recoil at my approach: I oppose myself to the fury of Banditti; Their swords become blunted, and break against my breast: The hungry Tiger shudders at my approach, and the Alligator flies from a Monster more horrible than itself. God has set his seal upon me, and all his Creatures respect this fatal mark!
Sandy Fussell, Shaolin Tiger|How many contradictions! Eh! If I loaded my wagon all on the same side, I'd tumble it over.
Trisha Leigh, Winter Omens|Scotland can exist fully if we dream hard enough, Julie. I just can’t relate to that Scottish deep-fried-chip-on-the-shoulder. Trainspotting was wrong: it feels fucking great being Scottish. We’re becoming something, Julie. I can feel it. We’re getting dressed up.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|It seems to occur to few of the attendees [of a writing retreat] that if you have a feel you just can't describe, you might just be, I don't know, kind of like, my sense of it is, maybe in the wrong fucking class.
Mary Potter Kenyon, Refined By Fire: A Journey of Grief and Grace|Can you remember another time when your chest felt like this?”My fingers splayed across my aching chest as I carefully pondered herquestion. Then I nodded vigorously as I remembered. Tears streamed down my cheeks unchecked as I whispered hoarsely, “Yes, I do remember.After my husband died, it hurt like this. My chest felt full and heavy, and I thought then, Oh, this is what it feels like to have your heart break.
Mary Ritter Beard|The attention of a traveller, should be particularly turned, in the first place, to the various works of Nature, to mark the distinctions of the climates he may explore, and to offer such useful observations on the different productions as may occur.
Christopher Daniel Mechling, Peter: The Untold True Story|Everything I do in its essence is about helplessness. That's the story I want to tell all the time. It's the story I wanted to live - somebody who appears to be, or is, weak becoming stronger.
Alice Munro|He wondered why he wasn't as in love with her as he was with...Hector had only shared enjoyment with (her)...he shared everything, enjoyment and sorrow...but for some time now they'd shared too much frustration, boredom and fatigue.
Aphrodite Phoenix, Are They Bad Girls or Brilliant?: The Truths Behind the Fight for Independent Prostitutes' Rights|I have done without electricity, and tend the fireplace and stove myself. Evenings, I light the old lamps. There is no running water, and I pump the water from the well. I chop the wood and cook the food. These simple acts make man simple; and how difficult it is to be simple!
Swami Dhyan Giten|-Let us celebrate the joy and sorrow, Sidip suddenly recited, -the wonder and mystery of all we see, so that we might live and learn as we were meant to. They say of stardust we are formed, that the ocean flows through our veins, and our thoughts are of quantum particles strung together by slender threads of charged ions. Therefore all things are connected, all things have spirit, you, me, the animals, plants, rocks, the oceans, planets, stars and the whole universe, these quantum particles are forming webs of awareness focusing at the centre where dwells the collective unconsciousness of all that has and ever will exist.
Kate Baxter, The Dark Vampire|This is mine," he growled, fangs bared. "You are mine."Bria met him stare for stare. "Prove it.
Dada Bhagwan|Soul (Atma), Absolute Knowledge (Gnan) and the Absolute Supreme Soul (Parmatma) are one and the same element.
Irvine Welsh|Still, failure, success, what is it? Whae gies a fuck. We aw live, then we die, in quite a short space ay time n аw. That's it; end ay fuckin story.
L.J. Kentowski, Seeker of Fate|None of us asked for this life. I, of all people should know that our paths were chosen for us and we were just along for the ride, doing what was necessary and expected. There were far greater forces at work here. He was playing my heartstrings, which sang a sad melody I felt deep in my soul. For the first time, I could see him for who and what he was now. Even the worst incarnations of evil could change, and from this point forward, I would try to honor that. He was willing to put his life back in the line of fire to help me, and at the very least, he deserved my respect for that. Maybe even a second chance.
Baruch Spinoza, Ethics|For though men be ignorant, yet they are men
A. LaFaye, Water Steps|The feature that makes people look at her twice, sometimes with suspicious glances, is her eyes. They are too large, wide-set, slanted a bit. And they judge, those eyes do, they watch and they take note and they judge all that they see, and lots of folks do not like that much.To the innocent, her eyes are arresting. To a person with something on his conscience, they seem too knowing.
Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow|Most people in the world are Christ lovers. And then there are Christ haters. But all of them are fixated on Christ, and he perpetuates for ever.
Barbara Brooke|Children are taught to look down on their nurses (nannies), to treat them as mere servants. When their task is completed the child is withdrawn or the nurse is dismissed. Her visits to her foster-child are discouraged by a cold reception. After a few years the child never sees her again. The mother expects to take her place, and to repair by her cruelty the results of her own neglect. But she is greatly mistaken; she is making an ungrateful foster-child, not an affectionate son; she is teaching him ingratitude, and she is preparing him to despise at a later day the mother who bore him, as he now despises his nurse.
- Larken Rose|Once one concedes that a single world government is not necessary, then where does one logically stop at the permissibility of separate states? If Canada and the United States can be separate nations without being denounced as in a state of impermissible ‘anarchy’, why may not the South secede from the United States? New York State from the Union? New York City from the state? Why may not Manhattan secede? Each neighbourhood? Each block? Each house? Each person?
Sarah Dessen, Lock and Key|The human imagination may be the most elastic thing in the universe, stretching to encompass the millions of dreams that in centuries of relectless struggle built modern civilization, to entertain the endless doubts that hamper every human enterprise, and to conceive the vast menagerie of boogeymen that trouble every human heart.
Shreya Gupta|Good things are always appreciated, bad things deserve ignorance.
Zhang  Yun, Understand God's Word - Walk in the Truth|I am exalted over all the nations, my glory above the heavens. Splendor and majesty are before me; strength and glory are in my sanctuary. I wrap myself in light as with a garment; I stretch out the heavens like a tent and lay the beams of my upper chambers on their waters. I make the clouds my chariot and ride on the wings of the wind. I make winds my messengers, flames of fire my servants. The heavens declare my glory; the skies proclaim the work of my hands.
Rick Riordan|My understanding of magic is fairly straightforward. Hit enemies with a sword until they’re dead. If they rise again, hit them again. Repeat as necessary. It worked against Set.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Invest your money and time acquiring knowledge for yourself... and the good news is that as you do so, you keep your children and grandchildren and unborn generations enlightened by what you have already learnt!
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|To test a man's ego, simply ask him a complicated question. A good person will never be afraid to admit they don’t know the answer to something. And only when a man has fully dismantled his ego, can he begin to be truly good.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|The guy was a piece of sin. If he were the devil holding a contract, this would be the moment I might just give in to temptation and sign over my soul.
Sunday Adelaja|The percentage of the citizenry that embrace and identify with the nation’s virtues, with the nation’s value system, determine the true wealth of that nation
Drew Carey|Oh, you hate your job? Why didn't you say so?There's a support group for that. It's called EVERYBODY, and they meet at the bar.
Elaine Vickers, Like Magic|I suppose you come in here often, then,” I say, half teasing. “Bringing your maids and admirers?”Magiano frowns at that. He shakes his head. “You think I’m bedding every maid I speak to?” he says and shrugs. “Flattered, Your Majesty. But you are very wrong.”“So, what you’re telling me is that you come to this secret space alone?”He tilts his head in a flirtatious way. “What’s wrong with a thief wanting a little private time now and then?” He comes closer. His breath warms my skin like the fog that hovers over the water. “Of course, here you are. I suppose I’m not alone, after all.
Michael Haneke|I'm kind of a rebound junkie. So. when a relationship goes sour, I look at the sweetness in life elsewhere. So, I date a bit. The best catharsis is to write jokes and tell 4,000 people about it.
Ann Richards|Political correctness - the rigging of politics using different rules for different groups, and buttressed by the media - ensures that Democrats always have the upper hand.
Erik Larson, Dead Wake: The Last Crossing of the Lusitania|We live in the tension between neophillia, or attraction to new things, and neophobia, or fear of new things.
Gary Edward Gedall, Sun and Rain|To imagine that I was pleased would have been an understatement, if I was a dog, my tail would be wagging my arse off.
Lacey Alexander, Bad Girl by Night|It wasn't awful to be a man's sex object if you wanted to be, if it made you feel good, if everyone was happy in the end.
Agatha Christie, Death in the Clouds|Sensationalism dies quickly, fear is long-lived.
Chris Stapleton|In the movies, every crazy old fart needs a cool old car. Jack Nicholson drove a spiffy yellow 1970 Dodge Challenger two-door in 'The Bucket List.' In 'Gran Torino,' the cranky pensioner played by Clint Eastwood not only owned a 1972 GT Sport, he also used to build cars like that at the Ford plant.
C.P. Mandara, The Riding School|What are you going to do to me?”“Tonight, I am going to seduce you. Next time, I am going to fuck you.”He smiles at me and pushes his back to the sofa leaving me sitting on top of him.“And why’s that?” I ask, a little bit surprised and shocked at the same time.“I’m the one who makes the rules so you have to do what you’re told.
Susanne Alexander-Heaton, The ABC Field Guide to Faeries|Tune as the sitthar, neither high nor low, and we will dance away the hearts of men.
Elton Trueblood, Abraham Lincoln: Lessons in Spiritual Leadership|Abroad? Oh no. I went to England in ’91, and you stood in the garden at Fontenay and berated me.” He shook his head. “This is my nation. Here I stay. A man can’t carry his country on the soles of his shoes.
Nic Sheff|As long as you look for someone else to validate who you are by seeking their approval, you are setting yourself up for disaster. You have to be whole and complete in yourself. No one can give you that. You have to know who you are - what others say is irrelevant.
Nadia Hasan, From the Cafe and Beyond: A Collection of Poems and Other Writings|Purpose will make you realise the reason of your existence, it will restore your mind sight, you will start to dream and you will see visions. Your dreams will lead you to set goals, goals will lead you to mission accomplishments and vision will take you to the higher places.
A.D. Aliwat, Alpha|He's taking the change well?" She asked.Except for getting a bit overtired. He's excited, but what 15-year-old wouldn't be under these circumstances?
Rob Liano|The only parts that really matter and take commitment in wedding vows are; worse, sickness and poorer. Better, richer and healthy is pretty easy to deal with.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Many people define beauty as skin deep, but I’ve found the beauty in physical and superficial changes that continue throughout the life of a woman.
David Bohm|My mother was always deeply attracted to anything medical, and I think she would have loved me to have been a doctor. My father was in the army for 21 years, came out just before I was born. There was no history of showbusiness on either side of the family, but they were completely supportive.
Elizabeth Smart, My Story|Being overly critical of yourself is like having a relentless, inescapable bully who follows you everywhere you go and abuses you.
William Faulkner, Go Down, Moses|There had been three of them once: James, then a sister named Fonsiba, then Lucas, children of Aunt Tomey's Turl, old Carother McCaslin's son, and Tennie Beauchamp, whom Edmonds' great-uncle Amodeus McCaslin won from a neighbor in a poker game in 1859. . .But James, the eldest, ran away before he became of age and didn't stop until he had crossed the Ohio River and they never heard from or of him again at all––that is, that his white kindred ever knew. It was as though he had not only. . .put running water between himself and the land of his grandmother's betrayal and his father's nameless birth, but he had interposed latitude and geography too, shaking from his feet forever the very dust of the land where his white ancestor could acknowledge or repudiate him from one day to another, according to his whim, but where he dared not even repudiate the white ancestor save when it met the white man's humor of the moment.
Jakub Bożydar Wiśniewski|If you want peace, prepare for ideological war with those who want others to prepare for physical war.
Todd Misura, Divergence: Erotica from a Different Angle|Jeffrey woke up, tied to the high-backed chair in his bedroom, nude. He could hear his wife giggling in the hallway, the hardwood floors creaking with her footsteps with what must have been someone else too. He was gagged, a tight cloth wrapped around his mouth, hurting his jaw when he tried to call for help. He looked down at his body, seeing that he was tied with an intricate rope pattern - a pentagram - on his chest, the hemp fibers tight. He could breathe fine, and he recognized his wife’s rigging skills instantly. They’d practiced Kinbaku, a rope bondage before, on multiple occasions, but this rigging was different. It seemed to be tighter than normal, and he knew that something new was being introduced tonight.
Crystal Black Davis|Sometimes you live life, and sometimes life happens to you. But you always get to choose what you do about it.” Devon Brooks
Campbell Brown|My second-grade teacher went around the class and asked everybody what they were going to be when they grew up. I said, 'I want to travel the world,' and he said, 'You'll be married and pregnant by 21, just like all the girls in this room.'
Robert Brault|If you cannot forgive and forget, pick one.
Mies Van Der Rohe|Talent is only cream in your coffee. There is no reason to rest on your talent. If you don't present it, then it gets nowhere.
Alexander Chee, Edinburgh|Sappho isn't really meant to be read. It's meant to be sung and there were dances for the songs, also. Sappho was a performance artist, and now she exists as a textual project. She was saved by her critics, and by people who wrote of her in letters to each other. As the morning sun lathers the pool through the long windows and stripes the opposite walls in gold, I look at the fragment translations. She's paper, too. A paper poet for a paper boy. People claim to be translating her but they don't, really, they use her to write poems from as they fill in the gaps in the fragments. A duet. She may have meant for these to be solos but they're duets now, though the second singer blends in with the first. The first singer in this case is offstage, like in the old days of stars who couldn't sing, a real singer hidden behind a curtain, which is the velvet drape of history.
Leigh Bardugo, Ruin and Rising|He didn't realize that simply by mingling among various lunch tables, he was befriending people in different crowds, weaving together the fringes of the cafeteria.
Voltaire, Questions sur les Miracles à M. Claparede, Professeur de Théologie à Genève, par un Proposant: Ou Extrait de Diverses Lettres de M. de Voltaire|Those who can make you believe absurdities, can make you commit atrocities.
K.  Webster, Alpha & Omega|How many people must there be, who are completely unknown in this world, but they are famous in the sky."There are people on this earth who may seem insignificant to you and me. But they are beloved to Allah and their name is constantly mentioned among the angels in the sky.
Shaun David Hutchinson, We Are the Ants|We're not words, Henry, we're people.Words are how others define us, but we can define ourselves any way we choose.
Debasish Mridha|If you try to find success in fame or in things, you will fail. If you find happiness is the process you will be a success.
Julie Lythcott-Haims, How to Raise an Adult: Break Free of the Overparenting Trap and Prepare Your Kid for Success|I know, you were much closer to the painter than any of us. In spite of that, your lips, too, will want to curl up into a smile. There are levels of tragedy whose mind-numbing properties can only be checked by laughter, and what story does not contain an inkling of the grotesque? When we Germans will have learnt to laugh like the Gauls, we will truly be the rulers of this earth; even more so than before, one might add.""John Hamilton Llewellyn's End
Jesse Stuart, The Thread That Runs So True|And Charles turned around and called back without thinking, 'You know, you're awfully lucky you boys are white.'He didn't know why he said it. It had broken out of him. He'd wanted to speak with love: that was all that he'd asked for that day, but now there was a shocked silence. Oh shit, Charles thought. I'm fired for sure.
Gudjon Bergmann|Now, for the first time in my life, I empathize 100 percent with Fluff McFly. My heart is beating at hamster-speed and I am throwing my eyes around the room, looking for some way out.
Jodi Picoult, House Rules|Sometimes, I feel my breath coming in shorter, quicker, spastic bursts, feel my heart threaten to thunder through my ribs, feel sweat beading on my brow...and I know it’s time to bust out those “chocolate frogs” from Harry Potter.
John Cusack|The Christian faith can never be separated from the soil of sacred events, from the choice made by God, who wanted to speak to us, to become man, to die and rise again, in a particular place and at a particular time.
Martin Luther King Jr., Why We Can't Wait|Quietly endure, silently suffer and patiently wait.
Ariana Pedigo, Little Man|I shall never find nor seek forgiveness, especially after such an action!
Alison McGhee, Shadow Baby|Clara Winter," he said. "You are a word person and don't ever forget it."He was right. He knew. He could tell. It's something that can be sensed. There's a difference between word-people and non-word-people.
Nina Hagen|As long as karma exists, the world changes. There will always be karma to be taken care of
R.C. Sproul Jr., Biblical Economics: A Complete Study Course|Immortal beings have been compared to stars, these are existences that linger on long after the death of the thing itself.
Ishmael Beah, A Long Way Gone: Memoirs of a Boy Soldier|Each night, when I go to sleep, I die. And the next morning, when I wake up, I am reborn.This means the when you go to sleep you close your eyes and you are and look like you are dead but then when you wake up it looks like you are reborn because you are up and ready.
Stephen Reid Andrews, Remnant of the Beast|You see,” she interrupted his blank stare, “it doesn’t take much effort to be kind. It only takes the ability to recognize where kindness is needed.
John Clayton|Gratitude is a duty which ought to be paid, but which none have a right to expect.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|All bad behavior is really a request for love, attention, or validation.
Nathaniel Branden|One of the great self-deceptions--and one of the great foolishnesses--is to tell yourself, Only I will know. Only you will know that you are a liar; only you will know you deal unethically with people who trust you; only you will know you have no intention of honoring your promise. Whose knowledge or judgment do you imagine is more important? It is precisely your own ego from which there is no escape.
Wayne Chirisa|Life is not about our personal missions through God, it's about God's mission through our designed purpose.
Samantha Chase, One More Kiss|Ha! Don’t you know that writers are control freaks? We make our characters dance to our own weird tunes. That’s half the fun.”She angled his head ever so slowly to the right. “What’s the other half?” Just as the position became uncomfortable, she reversed the motion.“Rewriting,” he said. “You know how you think of a brilliant response to an insult six hours later when it’s utterly useless? A writer has a time machine. I can go back to the moment the insult was hurled and parry it with my slow but rapier-sharp wit.”“Relax. I’ve got you,” she said, rotating his head gently to the right. “I guess us nonwriters think you just sit down at your computer and the book comes out the way we read it.”“We foster that myth. It makes us seem more like creative geniuses and less like mere craftsmen.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Daimon|There are so many different kinds of stupidity, and cleverness is one of the worst.
Faraaz Kazi|My trust in you was like the small child’s; who, when thrown in the air, expects to be caught, but you dropped me down, and not a moan escaped my lips.
bell hooks|The confusion boys experience about their identity is heightened during adolescence. In many ways the fact that today's boy often has a wider range of emotional expression in early childhood, but if forced to suppress emotional awareness later on makes adolescence all the more stressful for boys. Tragically, were it not for the extreme violence that has erupted among teenage boys throughout our nation, the emotional life of boys would still be ignored. Although therapists tell us that mass media images of male violence and domination teach boys that violence is alluring and satisfying, when individual boys are violent, especially when they murder randomly, pundits tend to behave as though it were a mystery why boys are so violent.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|You were created to invest your life into your promise land, your area of calling.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|At this moment God might not necessarily be a necessity, but know that His absence will of necessity eventually result in His necessity.
Ed Koch|My ace in the hole as a human being used to be my capacity for remembering birthdays. I worked at it. Whenever I made a new friend, I made a point of finding out his or her birthday early on, and I would record it in my Filofax calendar.
Walter Farley, The Black Stallion|Aren't we all waiting to be read by someone, praying that they'll tell us that we make sense?
Caesar J. B. Squitti, The Jesus Christ Code: The Light: The Rainbow of Truths|Relative truths can also be absolute.Relative absolute truths are like two people looking at the same coin, from two different sides, each sees a different truth and presumes they are looking at the same coin, and yet neither side can see the third side.
Kevin Whately|Being an entrepreneur means the ability to think out of the box by putting away our fear of any risk, including financial.
Marshall McLuhan, The Medium is the Massage|In vain does the disguised traveller inwardly rebel against the influences and impressions which are wearing away his real self. The impressions of the past lose more and more their hold on him until they fade away, leaving the traveller hopelessly struggling in the toils of his own fiction, and the rôle he had assumed soon becomes second nature with him.
Dada Bhagwan|Things that you have remained ‘sincere’ to, those many things you have won. The world has to be won; only then will it let you go to moksha!
Eugene O'Neill, The Emperor Jones|And watch your tongue. I happen to be partial to humans - most, anyway. Clowns, not so much. Those evil bastards never stop smiling."Niccolo didn't know what these "clowns" were, but he made a mental not to stay away if he ever encountered one. Sounded unpleasant.
Toni Morrison, Beloved|I have really sinned. I am going to pause now, and sit here on the mound repenting in deepest shame...
Mark F. LaMoure|Today did take the time to say: "I believe in myself," at least 20 times today? You can never say it too much.
Maya Angelou, I Know Why the Caged Bird Sings|The caged bird sings with a fearful trill,of things unknown, but longed for still, and his tune is heard on the distant hill, for the caged bird sings of freedom.
James Rozoff|Right is not right; so is not so. If right were really right, it would differ so clearly from not right that there would be no need for argument. If so were really so, it would differ so clearly from not so that there would be no need for argument. Forget the years; forget distinctions. Leap into the boundless and make it your home!
Karl Barth|It is ever true that he who does nothing for others, does nothing for himself.
Naomi Neale, Calendar Girl|The Elizabethan Failure may engage in battle, but the blow that fells him will most likely be an accidental one. And the cup of water so gallantly offered will, at the last moment, slip from his weak grasp, thus rendering two people thirsty instead of one.
Eric Abrahamson|Our ancient experience confirms at every point that everything is linked together, everything is inseparable.
Socrates|For the poet is a light and winged and holy thing, and there is no invention in him until he has been inspired and is out of his senses, and the mind is no longer in him: when he has not attained to this state, he is powerless and is unable to utter his oracles.
Sri Chinmoy|If failure has the strength to turn your life into bitterness itself, then patience has the strength to turn your life into the sweetest joy. Do not surrender to fate after a single failure. Failure, at most, precedes success.
Siobhan Davis, Light Of A Thousand Stars|Do you fancy catching a movie at the Sturbridge Theater tonight? That new Robert Pattinson movie is showing,” I ask her, the phone cradled against my chest.“Definitely sign me up for that!” Ari replies, chuckling as I mock scowl. Her easy laugh warms my soul. “We’re in,” I tell Gil, arranging to meet him and his date in the diner later. “So, who is it this time?” Ari asks, resting her chin in her hands. “Anyone we know?” Considering I can count the girls on one hand who have enjoyed more than one date with Gil, I doubt it’ll be someone familiar. “I didn’t ask; guess we’ll find out soon enough.”“Five bucks says it’s a blonde,” Ari quips. “That’s one bet I’m not taking,” I admit, twirling a lock of her hair around my finger. “Gil’s penchant for blondes is world-renowned.
Nisargadatta Maharaj|It is always the false that makes you suffer, the false desires and fears, the false values and ideas, the false relationships between people. Abandon the false and you are free of pain; truth makes happy, truth liberates.
Marjane Satrapi, The Complete Persepolis|They found records and video-cassettes at their place, a deck of cards, a chess set. In other words, everything that's banned.
Dalai Lama XIV, Beyond Religion: Ethics for a Whole World|By mental cultivation I mean a disciplined application of mind that involves deepening our familiarity with a chosen object or theme. Here I am thinking of the Sanskrit term bhavana, which connotes "cultivation," and whose Tibetan equivalent, gom, has the connotation of "familiarization." These two terms, often translated into English as meditation, refer to a whole range of mental practices and not just, as many suppose, to simple methods of relaxation. The original terms imply a process of cultivating familiarity with something, whether it is a habit, a way of seeing, or a way of being.
Marty Rubin|I am filled with wonderings, questions and doubt,but of one thing I am certain: it will always be youthat gives flight to the butterflies inside me;calm to the sea I have become and hope to the darkness all around us.It is you and it has always been you...you.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|Still, they have one thing I envy. Humans, if nothing else, have the good sense to die.
Gary K. Smith, The Mathematics of Sorrow: A Heart-based Model That Turns Sorrow Into A Gift|I find it fascinating that the conventional diagnosis of “depression” is so simplistic. It is almost like saying that someone is “sick.” Yes, sick with what or of what? Ah, no, just “sick.” We have anti-sick pills (anti-depressants). One size fits all. Really?
Matt Kindt, MIND MGMT, Volume One: The Manager|If you find that you are short of funds in the field, remember that any paper can be mind augmented to perform in the place of real money.
Michael Merzenich|Women have made tons of progress. But we still have a small percentage of the top jobs in any industry, in any nation in the world. I think that's partly because from a very young age, we encourage our boys to lead and we call our girls bossy.
Hunter S. Thompson|Ethnic prejudice has no place in sports, and baseball must recognize that truth if it is to maintain stature as a national game.
John Cage, M: Writings '67-'72|They did not use the sonic stunners but the foray gun, the ancient weapon that fires a set of metal fragments in a burst. They shot to kill him. He was dying when I got to him, sprawled and twisted away from his skis that stuck up out of the snow, his chest half shot away. I took his head in my arms and spoke to him, but he never answered me; only in a way he answered my love for him, crying out through the silent wreck and tumult of his mind as consciousness lapsed, in the unspoken tongue, once, clearly, 'Arek!' Then no more. I held him, crouching there in the snow, while he died. They let me do that. Then they made me get up, and took me off one way and him another, I going to prison and he into the dark.
Fabrizio Moreira, The Gift That Would Change My Life|A leader without a team, is a car without steering wheel
William Kamkwamba, The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind: Creating Currents of Electricity and Hope|Mister Geoffrey, my experiment shows that the dynamo and the bulb are both working properly," I said. "So why won't the radio play?""I don't know," he said. "Try connecting them here."He was pointing toward a socket on the radio labeled "AC," and when I shoved the wires inside, the radio came to life. We shouted with excitement. As I pedaled the bicycle, I could hear the great Billy Kaunda playing his happy music on Radio Two, and that made Geoffrey start to dance."Keep pedaling," he said. "That's it, just keep pedaling.""Hey, I want to dance, too.""You'll have to wait your turn."Without realizing it, I'd just discovered the difference between alternating and direct current. Of course, I wouldn't know what this meant until much later.After a few minutes of pedaling this upside-down bike by hand, my arm grew tired and the radio slowly died. So I began thinking, "What can do the pedaling for us so Geoffrey and I can dance?
Robert M. Price|Warren knows God doesn't chow down on Doritos or caviar. What he fails to see, however, is that there is no difference in principle between the old animal sacrifice theology and his own. Surely the same principle applies to emotional gratification. He is still manifestly talking about the care and feeding of God. His God, like an insecure boyfriend, seems to need emotional stroking.
Raymond Carver|She serves me a piece of it a few minutesout of the oven. A little steam risesfrom the slits on top. Sugar and spice -cinnamon - burned into the crust.But she's wearing these dark glassesin the kitchen at ten o'clockin the morning - everything nice -as she watches me break offa piece, bring it to my mouth,and blow on it. My daughter's kitchen,in winter. I fork the pie inand tell myself to stay out of it.She says she loves him. No waycould it be worse.
Bertrand Russell, Proposed Roads to Freedom: Socialism, Anarchism and Syndicalism|Mellas continued to look at the wallet, saying nothing. Hawke, who had been watching Mellas through the steam that rose from his pear-can coffee mug, handed Mellas the cup. Mellas gave a brief smile and took a drink. His hand was shaking. Hawke said in a calm voice, 'Something happened. You want to talk about it?'Mellas didn't answer right away. Then he said, 'I think I know where the gooks are.' He pulled out his map and pointed to the spot, his hand still trembling.'How do you know that, Mel?' Hawke asked.'From the direction he crawled after he was shot.' Mellas tossed the wallet down at Fitch. Then he dug into his pocket and pulled out the soldier's unit and rank patches. he looked at them, then at Fitch and Hawke, who were no longer eating. 'I let him crawl toward home with his guts hanging out.' He started sobbing. 'I just left him there.' Snot was streaming from his nose. 'I'm so sorry. I'm so fucking sorry.' His hands were now shaking with his body as he clenched the two pieces of cloth to his eyes.
Paulo Freire, Pedagogy of the Oppressed|The Internet is like alcohol in some sense. It accentuates what you would do anyway. If you want to be a loner, you can be more alone. If you want to connect, it makes it easier to connect.
Lisa Kleypas, Dreaming of You|Clinging to him desperately, Sara kept her mouth at his ear. "Listen to me." All she could do was play her last card. Her voice trembled with emotion. "You can't change the truth. You can act as though you're deaf and blind, you can walk away from me forever, but the truth will still be there, and you can't make it go away. I love you." She felt an involuntary tremor run through him. "I love you," she repeated. "Don't lie to either of us by pretending you're leaving for my good. All you'll do is deny us both a chance at happiness. I'll long for you every day and night, but at least my conscience will be clear. I haven't held anything back from you, out of fear or pride or stubbornness." She felt the incredible tautness of his muscles, as if he were carved from marble. "For once have the strength not to walk away,"she whispered. "Stay with me. Let me love you, Derek.
Alice Clayton, The Redhead Revealed|What really holds their marriage together are mutual respect of an awesome depth, a shared sense of humor, faith that they were brought together by a force greater than themselves, and a love so unwavering and pure that it is sacred.
James Van Praagh, Ghosts Among Us: Uncovering the Truth About the Other Side|As a spirit having a human experience, you can choose to not merely exist but to be fully conscious and aware of living in a limited world. When you take a conscious part in life and its multitudes of choices, you won't let life happen to you - you will make life happen for you.
Patricia Highsmith|One interesting thing is that a stage is reached when nothing hurts any more. Things cannot become any worse, finally, for the one who is really depressed.
Ron Funches|Ten thousand pounds is the legal value of a negligently taken life, of a child or a parent. A cold and somewhat mean-spirited calculation: you would do better if you slipped on a paving-stone and broke a front tooth.
Inga Muscio, Cunt: A Declaration of Independence|Iranian women are very consciously aware of gender-explicit oppression. Therefore: with so much more at stake, Iranian women have each other's back: on the street, in stores, at celebrations, everywhere.
Richard Peck|If you cannot find yourself on the page very early in life, you will go looking for yourself in all the wrong places.
Buddha Monk|Blossoms shower, and then they go on showering—they never stop. The blossoms that showered for Buddha are still showering. The blossoms that showered for Subhuti are still showering.
Thiruvalluvar, Thirukkural|Over the years of being stuck in this shit hole called life, I had debated religion and church, souls and freewill, heaven and hell. I had come to a few conclusions. Mankind was too self-serving to understand what He had wanted from them. It wasn’t a million dollar church, it wasn’t perfection, it wasn’t about how many times you prayed or apologized or that one day a month where you fed the homeless. And you weren’t banished to hell for that one time you told someone to fuck off. You didn’t end up in hell for that time you were a bitch to your fellow man. It took a lot to end up there, and man worked at it with crazed enthusiasm. They worked harder at chiseling their way into hell, than any other action.
Roshan Sharma|Your identity is no more than the memory of your mind, and the time you learn to consciously look into your memories of the past, the first time you realize that nowhere you exist in your mind.
Paul Chappell, The Burden Bearer: Who’s Carrying Your Load?|We are sheep surrounded by green pastures, but we will not eat. We seem to have no appetite for the Word of God.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|The day hope shall die, perplexity shall kill so many people. In so far as hope is alive, keep hoping!
Chloe Cole, Undercover Lovers|Oh God, can I keep you? You don’t need batteries, do you?
Terry Pratchett|I think the best thing I can do is to be a distraction. A husband lives and breathes his work all day long. If he comes home to more table thumping, how can the poor man ever relax?
Kilroy J. Oldster|We search our entire lives to create a genuine and reliable self that can relate with other people and faithfully express our artistic temperament. Our battle for personal authenticity requires us to penetrate layers of self-deception, conquer ego defense mechanism, and destroy a false self that is intent upon meeting other people’s expectations.
Angela Carter, The Sadeian Woman: And the Ideology of Pornography|Those who wish their virtue to be advertised are not striving for virtue but for renown. Are you not willing to be just without being renowned? Nay, indeed you must often be just and be at the same time disgraced. And then, if you are wise, let ill repute, well won, be a delight. Farewell.
Jodi Picoult, Sing You Home|Babies don't come with instruction booklets. You'd learn the same way we all do -- you'd read up on dinosaurs, you'd Google backhoes and skidders. And you don't need a penis to go buy a baseball glove.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Live life and learn life! Face life and challenge life! Challenge life and win life! Win life and understand life! All good and great hunters once upon a time shot wrongly, missed a good prey, went home tired and weary without a prey, and they met the most heartbreaking moments, but regardless their slips, their biggest glory always came from the wild animals they could kill with their mere weapons!
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|With the wolves around, your humbleness is your worst adversary.
Agatha Christie, The Secret Adversary|Suddenly, madness was everywhere, and I was determined to learn about the impact it had on the way society evolves. I've always believed society to be a fundamentally rational thing, but what if it isn't? What if it is built on insanity?
Ted Olson|In Congress, I am a strong supporter of the New Apollo Energy Act. This plan would help to establish our energy independence, create jobs, and provide cleaner, reliable, and more affordable energy.
Catherine Fisher, Incarceron|Caddy got the box and set it on the floor and opened it. It was full of stars. When I was still, they were still. When I moved, they glinted and sparkled. I hushed.
Shefali Batra|Before you start feeling bad about yourself for your debt, this would be a good moment to remind yourself that money doesn't exist--it's just a system of value exchange. That's it. Pure and simple. So, if you have debt, you've received value and you've not given the equivalent value back to the particular party in the exchange yet. That's all it means. It doesn't mean you're a bad person. It doesn't mean you're a screwup. You're not hopeless. You're not a mess. You simply have more value to give.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|I would like to start by emphasizing the importance of surfaces. It is at a surface where many of our most interesting and useful phenomena occur. We live for example on the surface of a planet. It is at a surface where the catalysis of chemical reactions occur. It is essentially at a surface of a plant that sunlight is converted to a sugar. In electronics, most if not all active circuit elements involve non-equilibrium phenomena occurring at surfaces. Much of biology is concerned with reactions at a surface.
Soke Behzad Ahmadi, COMPLETE  OKINAWA  KARATE : Chin-na & Shuai-Jiao|On Ryukyu islands, the expert Kara-te practitioners, used their skills to subdue, control and generally teach bullies A lesson, rather than severely injure or kill their attackers. They knew full well the consequences of their actions and the trail of blood and retribution that would ensue
Edward Hirsch|The idea of how to read a poem is based on the idea that poetry needs you as a reader. That the experience of poetry, the meaning in poetry, is a kind of circuit that takes place between a poet, a poem and a reader, and that meaning doesn't exist or inhere in poems alone.
Alain de Botton|Before the nineteen-seventies, most Republicans in Washington accepted the institutions of the welfare state, and most Democrats agreed with the logic of the Cold War. Despite the passions over various issues, government functioned pretty well. Legislators routinely crossed party lines when they voted, and when they drank; filibusters in the Senate were reserved for the biggest bills; think tanks produced independent research, not partisan talking points. The "D." or "R." after a politician's name did not tell you what he thought about everything, or everything you thought about him.
April White, Waging War|On this day, I give you my heart. I promise to be your lover, companion, and friend. Your greatest advocate and your toughest adversary, your comrade in adventure and your accomplice in mischief, and your ally in all things. I promise to communicate fully and fearlessly, and pledge my love, devotion, faith, and honor as i join my life to yours.
Darren Shan, Lord Loss|You thought I was a werewolf?" Dervish asks."Yes" I answer hollowly."You ass.
Marc Stiegler, David's Sling|She wrote, in the last pages, of feeling all the evil of the neighborhood around her. Rather, she wrote obscurely, good and evil are mixed together and reinforce each other in turn. Marcello, if you thought about it, was really a good arrangement, but the good tasted of the bad and the bad tasted of the good, it was a mixture that took your breath away. A few evenings earlier, something had happened that had really scared her. Marcello had left, the television was off, the house was empty, Rino was out, her parents were going to bed. She was alone in the kitchen washing the dishes and was tired, really without energy, when there was an explosion. She had turned suddenly and realized that the big copper pot had exploded. Like that, by itself. It was hanging on the nail where it normally hung, but in the middle there was a large hole and the rim was lifted and twisted and the pot itself was all deformed, as if it could no longer maintain its appearance as a pot. Her mother had hurried in in her nightgown and blamed her for dropping it and ruining it. But a copper pot, even if you drop it, doesn't break and doesn't become misshapen like that. "It's this sort of thing," Lila concluded, "that frightens me. More than Marcello, more than anyone. And I feel that I have to find a solution, otherwise, everything, one thing after another, will break, everything, everything.
Nargis Fakhri|In order to excel, you must be completely dedicated to your chosen sport. You must also be prepared to work hard and be willing to accept constructive criticism. Without one-hundred percent dedication, you won't be able to do this.
Rickey Henderson|Sometimes you learn more from failure than you do from success, and in some ways it's better to have failure at the beginning of your career, or your life.
Dorthe Binkert, She Wore Only White|Each person is alone with his pain, even when others share the same fate.
Cynthia Ozick, The Messiah of Stockholm|The setting sun threatened to consume me—it could have, you know. It would have been a beautiful death with an honorable eulogy: slain by a magnificent slice of piercing orange energy. I simply turned and walked away; I would live another day.
Lawren Leo, Love's Shadow: Nine Crooked Paths|The things you were talking about. The lights and the flowers. Do they expect those things to make them romantic, not the other way around?”“Darling, what do you mean?”“There wasn’t a person there who enjoyed it,” she said, her voice lifeless, “or who thought or felt anything at all. They moved about, and they said the same dull things they say anywhere. I suppose they thought the lights would make it brilliant.”“Darling, you take everything too seriously. One is not supposed to be intellectual at a ball. One is simply supposed to be gay.”“How? By being stupid?
Nanette Mathews|Mindfulness isn't about ridding yourself of thoughts. It's more about being aware and letting those thoughts pass through you, so you can see what if any value they have for you. Thoughts are an illusion but some of them are enlightening.
Sunday Adelaja|The devil attacks you today, because you have got a future. He wants to destroy you for that very reason, because he is scared of your future acts and exploits.
Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi, Creativity: Flow and the Psychology of Discovery and Invention|In other words, if Dostoyevsky and Tolstoy showed more than their fair share of pathology it was due less to the requirements of their creative work than to the personal sufferings caused by the unhealthy conditions of a Russian society nearing collapse. If so many American poets and playwrights committed suicide or ended up addicted to drugs and alcohol it was not their creativity that did it but an artistic scene that promised much, gave few rewards and left nine out of ten artists neglected if not ignored.
Akosua Dardaine Edwards, Nyabo (Madam) - Why Are You Here? The Truth about Living in Service, Love, and Personal Power|Under peaceful conditions, the warlike man attacks himself.
Jeffrey Zaslow, The Girls from Ames: A Story of Women and a Forty-Year Friendship|Because I have no actual sisters, it is my friends from Ames who’ve exposed me to every facet of womanhood.
Alisa Hope Wagner|The Bible is different because it is the Word of God, by which He speaks to me. Disagreeing with the Bible would be disagreeing with God. So when I read the Bible I want to place myself ‘under’ it. I want to receive the Scripture in such a way that over time, my thinking, feeling, choosing, believing and behaving will be molded by the Word God is speaking into my life. I don’t want to critique the Scriptures; I want them to critique me and change me.
Deyth Banger|Not Matter How Many times you read/Acknowledge Something, You will Always Discover Something New.
Deborah Bray Haddock, The Dissociative Identity Disorder Sourcebook|In this paper I propose the existence of two distinct presentations of DID, a Stable and an Active one. While people with Stable DID struggle with their traumatic past, with triggers that re-evoke that past and with the problems of daily functioning with severe dissociation, people with Active DID are, in addition, also engaged in a life of current, on-going involvement in abusive relationships, and do not respond to treatment in the same way as other DID patients. The paper observes these two proposed DID presentations in the context of other trauma-based disorders, through the lens of their attachment relationship. It proposes that the type, intensity and frequency of relational trauma shape—and can thus predict—the resulting mental disorder. - Through the lens of attachment relationship: Stable DID, Active DID and other trauma-based mental disorders
Sherman Alexie, The Absolutely True Diary of a Part-Time Indian|Did she say anything before she died?" he asked."Yes," the surgeon said. "She said, 'Forgive him'""Forgive him?" my father asked."I think she was referring to the drunk driver who killed her."Wow.My grandmother's last act on earth was a call for forgiveness, love and tolerance.She wanted us to forgive Gerald, the dumb-ass Spokane Indian alcoholic who ran her over and killed her.I think My Dad wanted to go find Gerald and beat him to death.I think my mother would have helped him.I think I would have helped him, too.But my grandmother wanted us to forgive her murderer.Even dead, she was a better person than us.
R. J.Palacio|The Princess of Parma was a Courvoisier in that she was incapable of innovation in social matters, but unlike the Courvoisiers in that the surprises the Duchesse de Guermantes perpetually held in store for her engendered in her not, as in them, antipathy but a sense of wonder.
Harsh Singh|So your final assignment is a simple one but it’s going to take forever: be happy. No matter what it takes. No matter how embarrassing it might be sometimes, no matter who or what you might have to forgive, no matter how hideous the color of the hat that makes you smile, be happy.
Jane Clayson Johnson, I Am a Mother|If you can control your behavior when everything around you is out of control, you can model for your children a valuable lesson in patience and understanding...and snatch an opportunity to shape character.
Criss Jami|Keep your finger on the pulse of society, take controversies with a grain of salt, lick your finger and then lift it to the wind; always know what is going on, my friend, so this world can never steer you wrong again.
Roger Zelazny, Isle of the Dead|I watched the spinning stars, grateful, sad and proud, as only a man who has outlived his destiny and realizes he might yet forge himself another, can be.
Sam Harris|There is never a moment where I find Trump persuasive. When I look at him I see a man without any inner life. I see the most superficial person on Earth. This is a guy who has been totally hollowed out by greed and self regard and delusion. If I caught some sort of brain virus and I started talking about myself the way Trump talks about himself, I would throw myself out a fucking window. That barely overstates it. Do you remember that scene at the end of The Exorcist where the priest is driving out the devil from Linda Blair and the devil comes into him and he just hurls himself out the window to end all the madness? Well, it would be like that.
Douglas Adams|There are many places that are not made for staying," Heckleck said. "They are too harsh, too hard, and too far away from whatever you call home. You don't root where you don't have to, unless you're unluck.
Zeresenay Alemseged|I feel that every day, all of us now are being blasted by information design. It's being poured into our eyes through the Web, and we're all visualizers now; we're all demanding a visual aspect to our information. There's something almost quite magical about visual information. It's effortless; it literally pours in.
Donna Haraway|Understand yourself, accept yourself, but do not be yourself.
Kimber Simpkins, Full: How one woman found yoga, eased her inner hunger, and started loving herself|For the longest time I was so sick I didn't have the strength or inclination to read, but looking at my books stacked up on the bedside table was comforting, like having old friends sitting in the room with me, friends who didn't require anything of me, friends who brought me great pleasure just with their presence, waiting until I could engage with them again.... bibliophiles know the inanimate pleasure of the friendship with books.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Don’t be too quick to leave the tree you are highly convinced of its future sweet fruits and comforting shade just because you see its present fruitlessness. Just sit under it and endure the scorching sun, one day, its branches will give you comfort and its fruits will give you smiles and nourish your body!
Keith Meldahl, Rough-Hewn Land: A Geologic Journey from California to the Rocky Mountains|Let's stop fighting over who we believe created the planet, & work together against those that choose to destroy it.
Russell M. Nelson|What if Barack Obama established a Presidential Advisory Committee that would meet once every couple of months, bringing together the former presidents for a conference in order to seek their collective wisdom? There is a wealth of experience in former presidents that generally goes untapped.
Alexandra Engellmann, Sky Ghosts: All for One|The others could believe that she was that way because she lost her parents so early, but Peter knew better. She was strong, confident, and never broken.
Grant  Walker|People were kind and friendly and amusing, but they thought that companionship and conversation were synonymous, and some of them had voices that jarred in your head. There was a lot to be said for dogs. They understood without telling you so, and they were always pleasing to look at, awake or asleep, like Bingo. He slept now, with little whistling snores, in his basket at the side of the fire, his stubby legs and one whiskery eyebrow twitching to the fitful tempo of his dreams.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|We are all the pieces of what we remember. We hold in ourselves the hopes and fears of those who love us. As long as there is love and memory, there is no true loss.
J.L. Sheppard, Heavenly Desire|I made the decision. I want you more than I want heaven, more than I want to be an angel. I love you more than who I was created to be.
Tommy Wallach, Thanks for the Trouble|People don't like getting older, but they do like changing. Staying the same is a kind of death.
Steve Maraboli|Map out lofty goals… include reasonable checkpoints along the way... refine, improve, and enhance your behavior in alignment with your goals…. that is the dynamic of true leadership and the formula for success.
Vijay Kedia|Investing is a business, investment is a project and investor is a promoter.
Tim Parks|But whatever the exact psychology of the process {receiving recognition or literary success}, the present has a way of contaminating the past. And the writing will change accordingly. Turmoil and dilemma once experienced with a certain desperation may be seen more complacently as the writer reflects that through expressing them he has realized his inevitable and well-deserved triumph. The lean years of patient toil when no one paid attention may even begin to seem preferable to the present. The very thing you created in the heat of fierce concentration has destroyed the circumstances that made it possible. The writer is devoured along with his books.
Amy Hatvany, It Happens All the Time|The girl I’d been just an hour ago was gone; she’d been obliterated. I had no idea who I was, now.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|Perhaps the most liberating moment in my life was when I realized that my self-loathing was not a product of my inadequacy but, rather, a product of my thoughts.
Bhavik Sarkhedi|We try to befit after we fall, we outsmart after we are fooled, we overcome after we are dropped, we go the extremes only after we experience the extremes.
Richard Paul Evans, The Prisoner of Cell 25|Mr. Vey, you cannot be stuffed into a locker without your consent." Dallstrom said, which may be the dumbest thing ever said in a school. "You should have resisted. That's like blaming someone who was struck by lightning for getting in the way.
Peter Hitchens, The Abolition of Britain: From Winston Churchill to Princess Diana|We welcome into our homes the machines that vacuum the thoughts out of our heads and pump in someone else's. John Berger in Ways of Seeing said that television advertisers succeeded by persuading viewers to envy themselves as they would be if they bought the product. These programmes do something similar, by persuading the viewer to envy himself as he would be if his life were that little bit more exciting and melodramatic than it actually is. They can make things seem normal that are not.
C.S. Lewis, The Allegory of Love: A Study in Medieval Tradition|But the detail of the poem shows power akin to genius, and reveals to us that much neglected law of literary history -- that potential genius can never become actual unless it finds or makes the Form which it requires.
Davan Yahya Khalil|For any ranked society, whether a chiefdom or a state, one thus has to ask, why do the commoners tolerate the transfer of the fruits of their hard labor to kleptocrats? This question raised by political theorists from Plato to Marx are raised anew by voters in every modern election. Kleptocracies with little public support run the risk of being overthrown, either by downtrodden commoners, or by upstart would be replacement kleptocrats seeking public support by promising a higher ratio of services rendered to fruits stolen.
Michael A. Stackpole, I, Jedi|I asked the earth and it answered, “I am not He”; and all things that are in the earth made the same confession. I asked the sea and the deeps and the creeping things, and they answered, “We are not your God, seek higher.” I asked the winds that blow, and the whole air with all that is in it answered, “Anaximenes was wrong; I am not God.” I asked the heavens, the sun, the moon, the stars, and they answered, “Neither are we God whom you seek.” And I said to all the things that throng about the gateways of the senses: “Tell me of my God, since you are not He. Tell me something of Him.” And they cried out in a great voice: “He made us.” My question was my gazing upon them, and their answer was their beauty.Man is a silent, incarnate word of God. The moon, the stars, the sun, the sea, the firmament are the visible proof of the existence and omnipotence of God, who created them out of sheer love. These creatures are the powerful, mysterious voice of God.
Jon Stewart|Writing laws is easy, but governing is difficult.
E.M. Forster, Maurice|Riley paused, turning back to face Jack. "Just so you know, we are gonna need some definite PDAs tonight.Think you can handle that?" There was irritation in Riley's voice, a subtle change, a certain stress. Jack imagined it was a manifestation of fear, and it made him feel better to think that. In answer Jack moved carefully past Riley, sliding a hand over the younger man's black silk shirt, his fingers brushing Riley's left nipple. He heard a hiss of indrawn breath as his hard thigh touched Riley briefly."I can handle anything you need, Het-boy," he said, his voice low and growled. "Just follow my cues." Riley followed him to the top of the stairs, and Jack held out his hand. "Husband?" he smirked.Riley took his hand, and they started down the sweeping staircase. "Fuck you, asshole," Riley forced out behind a covering smile."Not if I fuck you first," Jack said, fast and clear, smirking again as Riley stumbled on the next step.
Aaron D'Este, Weapon of Choice|In an ideal world, he’d simply scrape the surface of his bottomless courage, carelessly slip off his horse, scratch his massive balls, and then stroll over to the Lair in his own good time. But this wasn’t an ideal world, Rawley’s courage reservoir was barely a puddle, and at that particular moment he had precious little below the belt worth scratching!
Adrian G. Hilder, The General's Legacy - Part Two: Whiteland King|As the dry thirst for water, the starving hunger for food and lungs demand air to breathe, the one thing a soul truly craves is freedom.
Debasish Mridha|Life is magical for those whose hearts are loving, minds are full with joy, and eyes that are dancing with beauty.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|I stared at him (Dionysus). "You're...you're married? But I thought you got in trouble for chasing a wood nymph-
Renea Mason, Symphony of Light and Winter|If you want something,but you can't have it for now. Hold it, wait for the time and somehow, someday you'll get a chance that if you really want it you could have it.
Edna St. Vincent Millay, The Selected Poetry|My heart is warm with the friends I make,And better friends I'll not be knowing,Yet there isn't a train I wouldn't take,No matter where it's going.
Edward Snowden|All laws which can be violated without doing any one any injury are laughed at. Nay, so far are they from doing anything to control the desires and passions of men that, on the contrary, they direct and incite men's thoughts the more toward those very objects, for we always strive toward what is forbidden and desire the things we are not allowed to have. And men of leisure are never deficient in the ingenuity needed to enable them to outwit laws framed to regulate things which cannot be entirely forbidden... He who tries to determine everything by law will foment crime rather than lessen it.
Michael Bassey Johnson|A creature doesn't move because it is a living thing, but because it knows what it can do with its life.
Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis|Increased responsibility for babies and young children has proved just as restrictive, if not more so, than sexism in the home or in the workplace.
Stephen Richards, Street Warrior: The True Story of the Legendary Malcolm Price, Britain's Hardest Man|The anti-hero has played an important role in the history of mankind, so much so that the whole ethos of what is good and bad has become blurred.
Emma Richler, Be My Wolff|We have local churches where we meet together as believers. We no longer go to Mount Sinai to meet God. Why not? Because the place of the tabernacle and the temple is now replaced by the body—your body and mine—in which God meets with us and God dwells with us, and where we have communion with Him. When we come to the church now, we don’t come to the sanctuary; we bring our sanctuaries with us. This individual entity is the locus of appointment between God and me. There He meets. There He dwells. Will the God who went to such pains to physically decorate the tabernacle and the temple not also take great care in physically designing the human body?
Dawn Klehr, The Cutting Room Floor|One wrong move, one bad rumor, one mistake, and it's social death row. I'm the latest to be sentenced. Move out of the way, everyone. Dead girl walking. -Riley
Herta Müller, The Passport|Jesus sleeps on the cross by the church door. When he wakes up, he'll be old. The air in the village will be brighter than his naked skin.
J. Aleksandr Wootton, Forgetting: impressions from the millennial borderland|Experience doesn't automatically come with old age. Nothing does - except "Carry bags underneath your eyes". A real experience comes by "Doing it , Learning from failures and again Doing it .... !" - Satish Kumar Ankala
Lou Holtz|If you're bored with life, if you don't get up every morning with a burning desire to do things, you don't have enough goals.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|If you Believe in yourself, Others will Believe in you,.
Leila Summers|Reason and Faith are no more antithetical than the mind and the heart, for neither one exists or has meaning without the other". ~R. Alan Woods [2012]
John Shaw Billings|Labs, too, can become machines. In science, it is more often a pejorative description than a complimentary one: an efficient, thrumming, technically accomplished laboratory is like a robot orchestra that produces perfectly pitched tunes but no music.
Mehmet Murat ildan|No matter what happens in the outside world, as long as you have faith in yourself, no darkness can touch you!
Jon Gordon|I once heard this saying that God keeps breaking your heart until it opens. And ain't that the truth. Think about it. Every struggle, every challenge, every adversity brings you closer to your heart, to your true self, to who you really are. Sometimes you got to be broken down to the point where you feel powerless to discover your ultimate and true power.
Anand Neelakantan, The Rise of Sivagami|Achi used to say that, for a woman, sex was her greatest strength. Morality was nothing but a chain invented by man to enslave women.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Some people write letters, in the library.
Sierra D. Waters, Debbie.|Today I wore a pair of faded old jeans and a plain grey baggy shirt. I hadn't even taken a shower, and I did not put on an ounce of makeup. I grabbed a worn out black oversized jacket to cover myself with even though it is warm outside. I have made conscious decisions lately to look like less of what I felt a male would want to see. I want to disappear.
L.J. Kane|Take that rose bush, for example. We are all looking at the same plant, but our perception of it varies according to the way we each think and see. One person may see a vigorous rose, another may see a rose that could benefit from a little pruning, and a third may see a mess that no amount of attention would save. The rose bush isn't changing; it's the way we personally perceive it that differs, the way each of us thinks that colors our perception.
W. H. Auden|Marriage, it seems, confines every man to his proper rank.
Richard Brautigan|... and you start telling a story about accidentally stealing shoes from an outlet and we've been on the steps for almost twenty minutes and you're so nervous and excited that you keep talking about shoes as if you have to keep talking about shoes or you might jump me right here, on the steps. I chose this spot because my whole fucking life I've walked by these steps and seen couples that make me feel alone, rejected. And now there are loners passing by you and me, jealous, and you're still talking and fuck, it's hard to listen when I can smell your body wash.
Jim Butcher, Dead Beat|I know how you feel," I said. "You run into something you totally don't get, and it's scary as hell. But once you learn something about it, it gets easier to handle. Knowledge counters fear. It always has.
Michael  Grant, Hunger|I wasn't safe. I wasn't permanent. My life was a fiction I had created, like an alien who comes to earth and tries to pass as human. The affections of my friends meant nothing to me, directed, as they were, toward a person who wasn't there. There was nobody home.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Maybe we do go home, finally.
Mahershala Ali|People have often asked me, do I want to be the next Oprah - there is no such thing. Oprah is Oprah, and she's still being Oprah if anybody hasn't noticed... what I bring to TV is myself... I really think there's space in daytime TV for a whole bunch of fun, some amazing music, and some heart.
Steve Erickson|What I really have in my head, my imagination, my understanding of music, I never really get that out.
Janis Karpinski|In November, they transferred control of Abu Ghraib to the military intelligence command completely; it was, after all, the center for interrogations for Iraq.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Set your strong intention, work hard, and pray, slowly but surely, what you strive for will come to be. This is God’s law.” -127
Jo Nesbø, The Thirst|Harry doesn't like people, you see." "I do like people," Harry said. "I just don't like being with them. Particularly when there's a lot of them at the same time.
Ken Ham|Basically, when I went to school in Sri Lanka from age five onward, the classes there were sometimes sorted into a hierarchy of your skin tone. So the fairer-skinned kids sat at the front row, and the darker-skinned kids sat at the back by the poor ones who played out in the street all day long.
Leigh Bardugo, Ruin and Rising|Good luck, Oretsev. Find the firebird, and when this is over, I'll see you well rewarded. A farmhouse in Udova. A dacha near the city. Whatever you want.""I don't need any of that. Just..." He dropped Nikolai's hand and looked away. "Deserve her.
Peter DeFazio|The choice, however, is as clear now for nations as it was once for the individual: peace or extinction.
Sara Sheridan, On Starlit Seas|The daily chocolate left Will in high spirits, so that some days he believed he could wheel with the gulls that fished the foaming water close to shore. Now that he felt so free, it came to him that the corner of England, which up till now had been his whole universe, was in fact only a scrap of a boundless realm.
Michael Grant|If there was ever an example for redemption, it's you.
Keith Sweat|Kindness in women, not their beauteous looks, shall win my love.
Robert B. Archibald, Why Does College Cost So Much?|As we watch, in fascination, the arresting replicas of reality on our television screen, there may sit, in the same room, a telephone and a phonograph. On our bedside table stands a radio; another accompanies us in our car. These strange machines never move unless we move them; they come alive only at our touch. But give them their due: they serve us well. They provide the far-flung, trillion-nerved ganglia of commerce, of news, of our mighty military forces. And down through the days and nights of our lives, they ward off our loneliness and bring us nearer together. Perhaps someday they will make us brothers.
MHQ|Age is not specified by years, but how you feel and right now I am 99 year old 
Jacques Derrida, Dissemination|Let us being again. To take some examples: why should “literature” still designate that which already breaks away from literature—away from what has always been conceived and signified under that name—or that which, not merely escaping literature, implacably destroys it? (Posed in these terms, the question would already be caught in the assurance of a certain fore-knowledge: can “what has always been conceived and signified under that name” be considered fundamentally homogeneous, univocal, or nonconflictual?) To take other examples: what historical and strategic function should henceforth be assigned to the quotation marks, whether visible or invisible, which transform this into a “book,” or which still make the deconstruction of philosophy into a “philosophical discourse”?
Michael  Grant, Silver Stars|The folks who hate the idea of women soldiers tell one set of lies, the people who like the notion of women at war tell a different set of lies. If you believe the one side, we’re nothing but a drag on the men, and the other side acts like we won the war all by ourselves. We could probably get a pretty good debate going here on the women’s war over the question of which se of lies we hate more—the one denies what we’ve done; the other belittles what our brother have done.
Bruce L. Shelley, Church History in Plain Language|Church historians often ask, ‘Is the church a movement or an institution?' . . . I think it is both. . . . I believe the people of God in history live in a tension between an ideal--the universal communion of saints--and the specific--the particular people in a definite time and place. The church’s mission in time calls for institutions: special rules, special leaders, special places. But when institutions themselves obstruct the spread of the gospel rather than advancing it, then movements of renewal arise to return to the church’s basic mission in the world.
Dennis Vickers, Mikawadizi Storms|No matter what chains are broken, slavery is a condition of the heart.
Kiera Van Gelder, The Buddha and the Borderline: My Recovery from Borderline Personality Disorder through Dialectical Behavior Therapy, Buddhism, and Online Dating|Mmm, being irresistibly likeable is such a trial,' she drawled in an impeccable aristocratic whine. 'One is constantly in demand, but one must do one's duty, mustn't one, dear chap? Noblesse oblige and all that...
Honoré de Balzac, Cousin Bette|She knew how to put one foot in front of the other even when every step hurt. And she knew there was pain in the journey, but there was also great beauty. She'd seen it standing on rooftops and in green eyes and in the smallest, ugliest rock.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Scorpio Races|As the sun shines low and red across the water, I wade into the ocean. The water is still high and brown and murky with the memory of the storm, so if there’s something below it, I won’t know it. But that’s part of this, the not knowing. The surrender to the possibilities beneath the surface. It wasn’t the ocean that killed my father, in the end. The water is so cold that my feet go numb almost at once. I stretch my arms out to either side of me and close my eyes. I listen to the sound of water hitting water. The raucous cries of the terns and the guillemots in the rocks of the shore, the piercing, hoarse questions of the gulls above me. I smell seaweed and fish and the dusky scent of the nesting birds onshore. Salt coats my lips, crusts my eyelashes. I feel the cold press against my body. The sand shifts and sucks out from under my feet in the tide. I’m perfectly still. The sun is red behind my eyelids. The ocean will not shift me and the cold will not take me.
Nobuhiro Watsuki, Rurouni Kenshin, Volume 06|The way we think , define the way we act.
Abha Maryada Banerjee|I learnt to test the size of my brain..by trying this simple thought ! Look out for the good things, not the faults.It takes a good deal bigger sized brain to find out what is not wrong with people and things than to fins out what is wrong!!!
Shoeburn Ruffet, Shoeburn and The Ill-Fitting Necklace|A great deal of a child’s life is being asked and being told things by adults and not knowing the answers or what to do. So, I didn’t say anything.
Santosh Joshi, KEYS|The endless list of do’s and don’ts handed down while growing up, gradually and unconsciously distance us from the inner child.
Moby|I'm a big fan of doing 'Triple D.' But I don't want to do it forever, don't get me wrong! Travel away from my family, are you crazy? But do you know what it does for these mom-and-pop restaurant joints? It changes their lives forever. I mean, their businesses will never be the same.
Mike A. Lancaster|While information is the oxygen of the modern age, disinformation is the carbon monoxide that can poison generations.
Scott Fujita|I joined the Labour party because I believed in equality, in freedom of speech and in tolerance, compassion and understanding for people, irrespective of their background and views. In whatever I decide to do in the future I will hold to those principles.
Eckhart Tolle|The only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either physical or moral, is not sufficient warrant.
Jim Butcher, Death Masks|Although the Internet could be making all of us smarter, it makes many of us stupider, because it's not just a magnet for the curious. It's a sinkhole for the gullible. It renders everyone an instant expert. You have a degree? Well, I did a Google search!
N. Scott Momaday, House Made of Dawn|An event is never just what it is in itself and nothing more. It’s what goes on around it, at the same time, that makes it — potentially — a tragic situation.You have to have been exposed to this, at least once, to understand it.
A.L. Kennedy|a square is not just about light, air, proportion, and people. It must also give form to some shared notion of civic identity. [Michael Kimmelman, "Culture: Power of the Place"].
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Not every day is awful.Not every day is good.Despite the way the hours passI’m living like I should.Not every day is all wrong.Not every day is right.At least I’m not a spider trying to scamper out of sight.Not every day is ideal.Not every day is bad.At any rate I have my senseseven if they’re mad.Not every day is happy.Not every day is glum.When sadness drags me in the dumpsA simple tune I hum.Not every day I smile.Not every day I frown.With effort, I can take a scowland turn it upside down.Not every day is crazy.Not every day is sane.If consequence nips at my heelsI don’t pass on the blame.Not every day is giddy.Not every day is blah.Yet I can still appreciatea giggle and guffaw.Not every day is timid.Not every day is proud.I may not be a dragonbut I roar about as loud.Not every day has rainbows.Not every day has rain.Despite the fact I’m stiff and sore,I’m not in chronic pain.On every day the sun shines,so every night I praythat I might see the morning lightand live another day.
Embee, Tess Embers|Mr. Bradshaw was, in a way, my second father. I trusted him and wanted to make him proud. But that day, as I lowered myself to the ground in shock, it was hard to believe I was staring up at the same person.
Sinclair Lewis, Kingsblood Royal|Like every thoughtful parent in every age of history, Neil consoled himself, "My generation failed, but this new one is going to change the entire world, and go piously to the polls even on rainy election-days, and never drink more than one cocktail, and end all war.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The truth is that others judge us. More than that, they evaluate the truth of the Gospel by what they see of our lives and our integrity. [We] must make every effort to be above all suspicion in the matter of finances and statistics. We are not only accountable to God’s people, but also to our Master (see Acts 24:16).
Ilona Andrews, Hexed|Minutes passed by. A little blue butterfly landed on my nose. I blinked at it and it fluttered to my ear. A big yellow butterfly gently floated over and landed on my paw. Soon a whole swarm of them floated up and down around me, like a swirl of multicolored petals. It happened in my backyard, too, if the magic was strong enough. Butterflies were small and light, and very magic sensitive. For some reason I made them feel safe and they gravitated to me like iron shavings to a magnet. They ruined my ferocious badass image, but you’d have to be a complete beast to swat butterflies.If a baby deer frolicked out from between the buildings trying to cuddle up, I would roar. I wouldn’t bite it, but I would roar. I had my limits.
Doug Collins|But at some point, we've got to have disciplined play and have got to coach better. I'm not putting it on the players. We've got to coach them to tackle and block better. It's as simple as that. If we can do those things, we'll have a chance.
Joseph Zobel, Black Shack Alley|I was so enthused with literature -- not stuck on literature, but in love with letters -- that I was easily inclined to bring all the conversations round to works I had read or fictitious characters from my readings about whom I loved to talk
Brandon Sanderson, Words of Radiance|In a sprint, if you don't have perfect form, you're doomed. The ultra distance forgives injury, fatigue, bad form, and illness. A bear with determination will defeat a dreamy gazelle every time.
Rachel Lloyd, Girls Like Us: Fighting for a World Where Girls are Not for Sale, an Activist Finds Her Calling and Heals Herself|Because for Gonzo, anything which may explode at any moment is clearly a girl.
Olaotan Fawehinmi, The Soldier Within|Time waits for no man" but no man dares not wait for "his Time.""Love is patient" but Time is not, yet it takes Time to find Love.Love they say, is blind. Because it "covers a multitude of sins?"To Love we should unwind, tell me when was the last Time.Love is steep; in no Time you fall in it.Time is free, howbeit, a sacrifice to spend with Love.The more Love fills the heart, the Less Time to mind...Yet, the same Time heals the heart when Love breaks it.Yay, the friendly enmity between Time and Love.Embrace it, only if you can!
Robert J. Shiller|The space station is the most unique laboratory we've ever built. The reason we have it is to do research on materials, people, medical matters, pharmaceuticals - the possibilities are nearly endless.
Jamie Lynn Spears|My mom is just so good with fashion! She always tells me what looks good, what doesn't look good, and she gives me great advice.
Chelsea Kane|When I turned thirteen and took a typing class, with typical early teen enthusiasm and total lack of critical ability, I started sending my stuff to publishers once I'd babysat long enough to earn the postage.
Gift Gugu Mona|I almost thought that marriage was a cure to loneliness, alas! so many are lonely inside marriage. Then I realized it's not marriage that takes the loneliness away, but when both within marriage honour God and the vows made before Him.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Human, All Too Human|All good things are powerful stimulants to life, even a good book written against life.
Michael Crichton|In the end, it became clear that all scientists were participants in a participatory universe which did not allow anyone to be a mere observer.
Denis John George, The '3-3-3' Enigma: An Invitation To Consciously Create Your Reality|How can you ever know up, if you have never experienced down in your life.-Denis J
Shannon L. Alder|You're going to come across some truly gifted people in your lifetime that seem to know all the answers. However, they lost their personal relationship with God, along the way. Love them anyways, and do everything you can to help them restore that relationship. They are fighting a war that you don't know anything about.
Sunday Adelaja|In life and in a boxing ring, the defeat is not declared when you fall down. It is declared only when you refuse to get up
Victor Hugo|Certain thoughts are prayers. There are moments when, whatever be the attitude of the body, the soul is on its knees.
Jacqueline Ripstein, The Art of Healing Art...the Keys to Power and Awareness: Black & White Printed Edition|Every second vibrates within our Present moment, our now. In one split second of awareness, we can create a Life full of Light, Joy, and Love.
Henry Miller|LOOK AT MY BLOOD FLOWERS, BECAUSE I WRITE WITH A SERENE SHARP BLADE THAT SOOTHES. AS MUCH AS CUTS INTO THE DEEPEST PARTS OF MY SOUL.
Richie Norton|Two questions I'm pondering:1. If money didn't exist, would you still chase your dreams?2. If money didn't exist, would you still keep your job?If the answer is "YES" to both, you're on track. If the answer is "NO" to either, what needs to change?
Zora Neale Hurston|...and I confess that, like a child, I cry. Ah, self-pity; I think we are at our most honest and sincere when we feel sorry for ourselves.
JaTawny Muckelvene Chatmon, Getting Lost|The fox is answering the Little Prince's question. What does that mean . . . tame? asks the Little Prince. Itmeans to establish ties. One only understands the things that one tames. Men have no more time to understand anything, they buy things all ready made at the shops, but there is no shop anywhere one can buy friendship.
Brad Meltzer, History Decoded: The 10 Greatest Conspiracies of All Time|You see, it doesn't matter if they're wrong. From 9/11 to recent shootings here in the United States, there's nothing more dangerous than a true believer on his own crazy mission.
Albert Camus, The Stranger|I was assailed by memories of a life that wasn't mine anymore, but one in which I'd found the simplest and most lasting joys: the smells of summer, the part of town I loved, a certain evening sky, Marie's dresses and the way she laughed.
Jamie Raser, Raising Children You Can Live With: A Guide for Frustrated Parents|Children are mirrors; they will always show you exactly what is going on inside of you. Each phase of their growth is an opportunity to heal your own pain, to go deeper inside yourself and become more truly human
Nancy B. Brewer, The House with the Red Light|Mm…hmm. I bet he’s helping you. Right into his bed and you’d be a fool not to test him out. Shit. From what you’ve told me, any woman would love to be in that man’s bed. I bet he’s got a nice cock and is a sweet lover too
Amartya Sen, The Idea of Justice|Freedom is not an abstaction, nor is a little of it enough. A little more is not enough either. Having less, being less, empoverished in freedom and rights, women then invariably have less self-respect: less self-respect than any human being needs to live a brave and honest life.
Joanna Macy & Chris Johnstone, Active Hope|By strengthening our compassion, we give fuel to our courage and determination.
Alice Hoffman, Practical Magic|Hey dawg, wassup?" he said, in the strange way that white talent agents from Los Angeles do in an attempt to sound like young black men from underprivileged backgrounds. A linguistic fashion as peculiar as the lisp that everybody in medieval Spain had to adopt after the king developed a speech impediment.
Walt Whitman|At the very time when we have been boasting of our enlightenment and knowledge and understanding, there is this tragic breakdown in personal relationships. ... For instance, we now have to have Marriage Guidance classes. Up to this century men and women were married without this expert advice which now seems to be so essential.
B.R. Ambedkar, Writings And Speeches: A Ready Reference Manual|It is substantially true, that virtue or morality is a necessary spring of popular government. The rule, indeed, extends with more or less force to every species of free government.
Morgan Spurlock, Don't Eat This Book|Appetite has really become an artificial and abnormal thing, having taken the place of true hunger, which alone is natural. The one is a sign of bondage but the other, of freedom.
Bow Wow|My choices, including those related to the day-to-day aspects of life, like the use of a modest car, are related to a spiritual discernment that responds to a need that arises from looking at things, at people and from reading the signs of the times. Discernment in the Lord guides me in my way of governing.
Bertolt Brecht, The Threepenny Opera|You may proclaim, good sirs, your fine philosophy, but till you feed us right and wrong can wait. Or is it only those who have the money who can enter the land of milk and honey?
Anthony Bourdain, A Cook's Tour: Global Adventures in Extreme Cuisines|it provokes the desire, but it takes away the performance
Oswald Chambers, A New Testament Walk with Oswald Chambers|To receive everything, one must open one’s hands and give.
Barbara Ann Mojica, Little Miss History Travel Series|If you don't know your history, you don't know what you are talking about!
Jessie Burton, The Miniaturist|There are horizons through the brickwork, you wait and see.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The dictators, commanders or emperors who want to conquer the world soon realize that the world has already been conquered by the artists and their arts!
Nastassja Kinski|The Church is everywhere represented as one. It is one body, one family, one fold, one kingdom. It is one because pervaded by one Spirit. We are all baptized into one Spirit so as to become, says the apostle, on body.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Gomst's mouth framed a 'no', but every other muscle in him said 'yes'. You'd think priests would be better liars, what with their jobs and all.
Tom Perrotta, Mrs. Fletcher|Eve still marveled on a daily basis at the speed with which her own life had changed. A year ago, she'd been lost and flailing, and now she was found. She wanted to call it a miracle, but it was simpler than that, and a lot more ordinary; she'd met a kind and decent man who loved her.
Merrie Haskell, The Castle Behind Thorns|Child, you do not forgive because the person who wronged deserves it.You misunderstand the point of forgiveness entirely. The only cage that a grudge creates is around the holder of that grudge. Forgiveness is not saying that the person who hurt you was right, or has earned it, or is allowed to hurt you again. All forgiveness means is that you will carry on without the burdens of rage and hatred.
Jewel E. Ann, Releasing Me|Sometimes, all it takes is one arm wrap-round. And a heart’s home.
Ginnifer Goodwin|Being grown up and in a serious relationship, I've learned so much. I'm happier than I've every been.
Anthony Horowitz, Skeleton Key|You are horrified at our intending to do away with private property. But in your existing society private property is already done away with for nine-tenths of the population; its existence for the few is solely due to its non-existence in the hands of those nine-tenths. You reproach us, therefore, with intending to do away with a form of property, the necessary condition for whose existence is the non-existence of any property for the immense majority of society.In one word, you reproach us with intending to do away with your property. Precisely so: that is just what we intend.
Mattie Stepanek|I hope that my daughter grows up empowered and doesn't define herself by the way she looks but by qualities that make her a intelligent, strong and responsible woman.
Jonathan Franzen, Farther Away|The problem with making a virtual world of oneself is akin to the problem with projecting ourselves onto a cyberworld: there’s no end of virtual spaces in which to seek stimulation, but their very endlessness, the perpetual stimulation without satisfaction, becomes imprisoning.
Israelmore Ayivor|Compassion is a lifetime business. You can't say something like, "I will have compassion on Monday, Thursdays and Fridays only. But for the rest, I will be cruel". That is hypocrisy.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Satan will thrash about in one last burst of evil,hoping to capture as many souls as possible before his inevitable end.
Angela M. Hudson|Then, I guess, I can only hope that you will change your mind. But I will love you, without a doubt, for all eternity.
Laura Hillenbrand|When you’re poor and hungry and frightened of failure, you often don’t have the luxury of high values, lofty goals, and social conscience. Funny how fear and poverty will acid-wash your value set, burn away all the flimflam and artifice and learned morality and leave you with nothing but the urgency of survival. - Dr. Dan Trix - Chasing the Horizon.
Alan Heathcock|The power of evil was nothing more than a tangible thing, something that given the strength of will, could be broken as easily as glass.
Jenna Elfman|At first sight experience seems to bury us under a flood of external objects, pressing upon us with a sharp and importunate reality, calling us out of ourselves in a thousand forms of action.
Pam Dawber|I value humor, kindness, and the ability to tell a good story far more than money, status, or the kind of car someone drives.
Sylvia Bambola, The Salt Covenants|We live in a cruel world, Isabel," he says, without looking at me. "I am only a man, and will not always live up to your expectations. And to me, that is a painful reality. But we must never be cruel to one another. Let there be peace between us.
Carli Lloyd|The thing is, when I feel like I have to lose weight, the opposite happens. I remember stuffing loads of chocolate on the plane to the shoot, and I thought, 'Why don't you have the courage to show up in a body that's natural, not overly worked out?'
Jacqueline Francis - The Journal|Cassie, stop. I can't do this.' He pulls back to meet my hurt gaze.'I know why you're doing this.' I draw a breath, letting it out on a long exhale. 'You don't trust me with your heart. You're afraid if you give it to me there's a chance it could be broken, again.''It's been shattered once. I'm afraid next time it won't get broken. It'll be obliterated,' he says quietly.I press a single kiss to his lip. 'You're my Superman. You're not supposed to be afraid of anything.''Even Superman had weaknesses.
Morrie Schwartz|There is no formula to relationships. They have to be negotiated in loving ways, with room for both parties, what they want and what they need, what they can do and what their life is like. In business, people negotiate to win. They negotiate to get what they want. Maybe you’re too used to that. Love is different. Love is when you are as concerned about someone else’s situation as you are about your own.
Swapna Rajput|Sometimes two people find each other with broken foundation, and they build something together as a team to make a foundation that is indestructible. - AK Brown
George S. Patton|Morocco has a lot to do in terms of democracy. The daily practice of democracy evolves in time. Trying to apply a Western democratic system to a country of the Maghreb, the Middle East, or the Gulf would be a mistake. We are not Germany, Sweden or Spain.
Harrish Sairaman|and today,your bonesgathered your skinand said'Come on, let's do it again
Hadley Freeman, Be Awesome: Modern Life for Modern Ladies|The point is , if i'd known all this years earlier, maybe I would have put some thought into how I actually wanted to dress, look and behave because I would have understood that I didn't need to be constrained to playing the part of the platonic, misunderstood friend. Unlike Ryder, I wasn't actually cast in that part by anyone, other than myself.
Amy Engel, The Revolution of Ivy|And I understand in a way I never have before that loving someone is always going to feel like flying - the unthinkable drop, the fear of falling, the heart-in-your-throat thrill. It is always going to be impossible until the moment that it's not and you're soaring on pure faith, your altitude completely dependant upon something you can't control.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Big Magic: Creative Living Beyond Fear|I simply vowed to the universe that I would write forever, regardless of the result. I promised that I would try to be brave about it, and grateful, and as uncomplaining as I could possibly be. I also promised that I would never ask writing to take care of me financially, but that I would always take care of it - meaning that I would always support us both, by any means necessary. I did not ask for any external rewards for my devotion; I just wanted to spend the rest of my life as near to writing as possible - forever close to that source of all my curiosity and contentment.
Melyssa Winchester, The Space In Between|If you seek someone to love, you wait until that special someone comes along to stay with you,be there for you ,and most importantly to love you as you. Cause if you try to hard you will waste a life that could have been extravagant, and happy.Don't act all the time, wait and you will see a clear path ahead for quite some while.
Lauren Roedy Vaughn, OCD, the Dude, and Me|You are living far too much in the realms of your head. That is an ugly, mean, scary place to be. I am not just saying your head is nasty, everyone's head is. You need to vacate that premise immediately and start living in your heart. Your heart is a much nicer social venue.
Katie Kacvinsky, Still Point|It was his eyes, so challenging and with a piercing look about them. They were eyes that trusted in nothing and they made her uncomfortable around him, self-conscious.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|We have two ears and one mouth, so we should listen more than we say.
Dominique Eastwick, Strawberry Kisses|You may get me to say the word, but know this, you will never truly own me. That right belongs to my real master. You may take his symbol off my hip, but there will always be a scar that reminds us both what was there. And you might take his collar off my throat, but you'll never erase his name from my soul.
Samantha Hunt, Mr. Splitfoot|Of course, fairy tales are transmissible. You can catch them, or be infected by them. They are currency that we share with those who walked the world before ever we were here. (Telling stories to my children that I was, in my turn, told by my parents and grandparents makes me feel part of something special and odd, part of the continuous stream of life itself.)
Ane Krstevska|Even though fairy tales are fictitious, they made us believe that dragons exist and you can overcome them.
Roshan Sharma|The word “consciousness,” it seems to me, can only refer to what one might define provisionally as “the knowing that cannot know itself without intermediary and that cannot function in experience (of which it is an indispensable component) except negatively.”To the question “What is consciousness,” then, a low level provisional answer might be “It is the pure subjective” or “It is the bare knowing of what it is not that constitutes (orders) experience and allows it being.” It must be added that, when consciousness is, it seems to be individualized by what it knows. But on another (higher) level the “is” in the question has still to be questioned, and so the low-level (and logical) answer is only a conventional makeshift, a conventional view, nothing more. And this qualification applies not only to logically inductive and deductive statements necessitating use of the word “is,” but also to descriptive statements that appear in “logical” form, using that term, or any equivalent.
Doc Hastings|As America celebrates Memorial Day, we pay tribute to those who have given their lives in our nation's wars.
Batya Maman Sabag|You were born to be real, not to be perfect. You are here to be you, not to live someone else's life.
Sybil Adelman|Most of you have been where I am tonight. The crash site of unrequited love. You ask yourself, How did I get here? What was it about? Was it her smile? Was it the way she crossed her legs, the turn of her ankle, the poignant vulnerability of her slender wrists? What are these elusive and ephemeral things that ignite passion in the human heart? That's an age-old question. It's perfect food for thought on a bright midsummer's night.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni|I am a Beacon of Light. I attract so many different kinds of people from all walks of life. Like a moth to a flame. Different ages,different races, different genders,different social classes,the homeless,the mentally disabled and addicts. So you have to excuse me when I turn off my porch light. Cause that is the time I find peace in the darkness.
Joe Matlock|Lunatics are, unfortunately, rarely stupid.
Hill Harper|When I was a kid, I knew the black and white version of 'Jane Eyre,' and I guess I became interested in the idea of romantic love - of unrequited love and the tragedies of that; of what are the important things in life; what should one value over other materials.
Bashō Matsuo|As a poet I hold the most archaic values on earth. They go back to the Neolithic: the fertility of the soil, the magic of animals, the power-vision in solitude, the terrifying initiation and rebirth, the love and ecstasy of the dance, the common work of the tribe.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|Man is a mystery. It needs to be unravelled, and if you spend your whole life unravelling it, don't say that you've wasted time. I am studying that mystery because I want to be a human being.
Dorothy Rowe|However, when we are depressed, being reminded of other people's suffering only serves to increase our self-hatred.
Tiffany Dufu, Drop the Ball: Achieving More by Doing Less|Many women experience a sense of pressure that men rarely do—the pressure to succeed at work and to keep things running smoothly at home, especially when children arrive on the scene.
Epictetus|It is the set of the sails, not the direction of the wind that determines which way we will go.
Cesar Millan|Because dogs live in the present. Because dogs don't hold grudges. Because dogs let go of all their anger daily, hourly, and never let it fester. They absolve and forgive with each passing minute. Every turn of a corner is the opportunity for a clean slate. Every bounce of a ball brings joy and the promise of a fresh chase.
Nadine C. Keels|Writers and artists know that ethereal moment, when just one, fleeting something--a chill, an echo, the click of a lamp, a question—-ignites the flame of an entire work that blazes suddenly into consciousness.
Jesse Petersen, Married with Zombies|Admit when you're wrong. It doesn't fix a busted leg, of course, but it's a nice gesture none-the-less.
Louisa Hall, Speak|The great enemy of communication, we find, is the illusion of it. We have talked enough; but we have not listened. And by not listening we have failed to concede the immense complexity of our society—and thus the great gaps between ourselves and those with whom we seek understanding.
Henry Miller|Passing beneath the dance hall, thinking again of this book, I realized suddenly that our life had come to an end: I realized that the book I was planning was nothing more than a tomb in which to bury her - and the me which had belonged to her. That was some time ago, and ever since I have been trying to write it. Why is it so difficult? Why? Because the idea of an "end" is intolerable to me.
Jeff Rice, The Night Stalker|Sherman Reilly Duffy of the pre-World War I CHICAGO DAILY JOURNAL once told a cub reporter, 'Socially, a journalist fits in somewhere between a whore and a bartender. But spiritually he stands beside Galileo. He knows the world is round.' Well, socially I fit in just fine between the whore and the bartender. Both are close friends. And I knew the world was round. Yet, as time went by I found myself confronted with the ugly suspicion that the world was, after all, flat and that there were things dark and terrible waiting just over the edge to reach out and snatch life from the unlucky, unwary wanderer.
Nishi Singh|The Planet depends upon you, Rider of the Ancient Years!
Vivian Eve, Birthright|...in order to move forward, we cannot allow ourselves to forever dwell in the past.
John Cleese|Because, as we all know, it’s easier to do trivial things that are urgent than it is to do important things that are not urgent, like thinking. And it’s also easier to do little things we know we can do than to start on big things that we’re not so sure about.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|I imagine a line, a white line, painted on the sand and on the ocean, from me to you.
April Michelle Bratten, It Broke Anyway|nothing is more opaque than absolute transparency. Look--my feet don't hit the marble! Like breath or a balloon, I'm rising, I hover six inches in the air in my blazing swan-egg of light. You think I'm not a goddess? Try me. This is a torch song. Touch me and you'll burn.
Tyson Chandler|Me personally, I want to entertain people above all. When you look back at burlesque in history and the real golden age of burlesque, those entertainers were there to entertain, and there wasn't usually some big political message behind what they were doing.
Isaac Asimov, Prelude to Foundation|There is nothing your knife handlers can do in the way of rioting and demonstrating that will have any permanent effect as long as, in the extremity, there is an army equipped with kinetic, chemical, and neurological weapons that is willing to use them against your people. You can get all the downtrodden and even all the respectables on your side, but you must somehow win over the security forces and the Imperial army or at least seriously weaken their loyalty to the rulers.
Tony Kushner|When I returned from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1972, my father was running a forging business with a turnover of Rs 3.5 crore. But I had no patience and wanted to grow the business via exports.
Phyllis Reynolds Naylor, All But Alice|If you are embarrassed about your sex, it must mean that you feel there is something demeaning or disgusting about being female. You are all wondrously made, girls. Remember that: wondrously made, and you should carry your sex proudly, a badge of honor.
Don Roff|If you focus on the humanity of your stories, your characters, then the horror will be stronger, scarier. Without the humanity, the horror becomes nothing more than a tawdry parlor trick. All flash and no magic, and worst of all, no heart.
Michele Boldrin, Against Intellectual Monopoly|While there are certainly informational spillovers as ideas move from person to person, it is hard to see why in most instances they are not priced. Although it is possible to imagine examples such as the wheelbarrow where an idea cannot be used without revealing the secret, relatively few ideas are of this type. For copyrightable creations such as books, music, plays, movies and art, unpriced spillovers obviously play little role. A book, a CD or a work of art must be purchased before it can be used, and the creator is free to make use of his creation in the privacy of his home without revealing the secret to the public at large. Similarly with movies or plays. In all cases, the creation must effectively be purchased before the “secret” is revealed.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Until God draws you to himself, can you come close to Him.
Michael Joseph Murano, Age of the Seer|Rise like the hero you were born to be, or die the slave you think you are.
Winifred Gallagher, Rapt: Attention and the Focused Life|Every age, every generation has its built in assumptions, that the world is flat, that the world is round etc. There are hundreds of hidden assumptions, things we take for granted, that may or may not be true. Of-course in the vast majority of cases historically, these things aren’t true. So presumably, if history is any guide, much about what we take for granted about the world simply isn’t true. But we’re locked into these precepts without even knowing it. That’s a paradigm.
Richard Dawkins, An Appetite for Wonder: The Making of a Scientist|Religion enjoys astonishing privileges in our societies, privileges denied to almost any other special interest group one can think of-and certainly denied to individuals
Lia Davis, Death's Storm|She sagged against the wall, finding it hard to breathe. It wasn’t from fear. Gods, she hadn’t been that turned on in years. If that was her punishment, she was going to be lippy a little more often
Booker T. Washington, Up from Slavery|I knew that, in a large degree, we were trying an experiment--that of testing whether or not it was possible for Negroes to build up and control the affairs of a large education institution. I knew that if we failed it wold injure the whole race.
Diana Gabaldon, Outlander|When I asked my da how ye knew which was the right woman, he told me when the time came, I'd have no doubt. And I didn't. When I woke in the dark under that tree on the road to Leoch, with you sitting on my chest, cursing me for bleeding to death, I said to myself 'Jamie Fraser, for all ye canna see what she looks like, and for all she weights as much as a good draft horse, this is the woman.
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|A thousand happy moments succumbed to history. It was the happiest hour of the year, worst time of our lives. I can still smell the ruins from that cold dark brute stormy October night.
James Morcan, The Orphan Conspiracies: 29 Conspiracy Theories from The Orphan Trilogy|It is of the extraordinary insights of Imam Malik that the first section of his Muwatta', which precedes even the section on ritual purity, is on the times of the prayer. It is the times of prayer that obligate purity. Observing the times of prayer is the first thing we do when we wake and the last thing we do before retiring to bed; it is done in the middle of the day and in its decline. It is an unrelenting reminder of to whom we belong, why we are here, and where we are going.
Jay Woodman|Don't let anyone take your power by influencing what you do.... sure ask for advice when you are still deciding, but once you are sure what you want to go for, don't let anyone deflect you. It is YOUR choice to make and to follow through.
Robert Louis Stevenson, Essays in the Art of Writing|Music and literature, the two temporal arts, contrive their pattern of sounds in time; or, in other words, of sounds and pauses.  Communication may be made in broken words, the business of life be carried on with substantives alone; but that is not what we call literature; and the true business of the literary artist is to plait or weave his meaning, involving it around itself; so that each sentence, by successive phrases, shall first come into a kind of knot, and then, after a moment of suspended meaning, solve and clear itself.-ON SOME TECHNICAL ELEMENTS OF STYLE IN LITERATURE
John Geiger|Every day you choose your own reality with the thoughts in your head and the actions you take or don’t take. We are all born with the same opportunity to live a full and happy life. Don’t blame your circumstances. An effective mindset is one that makes the best use of available resources that are in front of you and within you. This includes your time, energy and efforts and uses them to create positive change. It’s not about trying to do everything and be everything, it’s making the very best of what you have while enjoying the process of living.
Matt Groening|Violent ideologies speak their own language; core concepts are translated to maintain the system while appearing to support the people. Under carnism, for instance, democracy has become defined as having the freedom to choose among products that sicken our bodies and pollute our planet, rather than the freedom to eat our food and breathe our air without the risk of being poisoned. But violent ideologies are inherently undemocratic, as they rely on deception, secrecy, concentrated power, and coercion--all practices that are incompatible with a free society. While the larger system, or nation, may appear democratic, the violent system within it is not. This is one reason we don't recognize violent ideologies that exist within seemingly democratic systems; we simply aren't thinking to look for them.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Motherhood: Soulfully Empowering Your Life's Journey & Purpose As a Mother Through Positive Inspiration|Life’s Answers, will always come to You in unexpected ways; different shapes & guises.
Daisaku Ikeda|...for you know that soft is stronger than hard, water stronger than rock, love stronger than force." Vesadeva to Siddartha
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|When the rain is on my lipsAnd I shiver from the coldThinking about lifeIts ups and downsAnd being a melancholicI take a noteOf the nature's crying its tearsMaking the day seem gray And unexcited But how much life the rain bringsTo what is hidden beneath the surfaceSo whenever I cry And the cold of people's wordsOr actionsCausing me shiverI vision myself standing in the rainBringing my roots to lifeI am not afraid anymoreOf getting soaking wetI stand my ground! But please natureDon't let me drown, make me beautiful!
Miranda J. Barrett, A Woman's Truth: A Life Truly Worth Living|I had a vision.I lay half asleep in the dirt. The sunset Behind the hills and burnt my skin.And in the dream I saw a throne--my throne,Built on the tower of my life.When I woke all I could think of was myVision, etched so clearly on my mind.I worked for three days and three nightsWith no food or drink, until my visionHad become a reality--perfect in everyDetail. I pondered the significance of thisEdifice and shook off my trance....I felt tired,I felt lonely,I felt confused,I felt so bloody confused,I felt like a right prat!
Nikki Rowe|I have a fear of living a surface kind of life; barely existing, barely touching or tasting anything. That's why you'll always see me giving my all or walking away ~ I'm too full of depth to dance in the middle of anything.
Kyle Chandler|Culture is the intersection of people and life itself. It's how we deal with life, love, death, birth, disappointment... all of that is expressed in culture.
Pawan Painjane, Love in Life's Farm|I still don't know where you came from," he says. "Some days it's like you just fell from the sky.""Some days I feel like I did." I say.
Michael Muhammad Knight, The Taqwacores|In [the] early days, Muslims did not see Islam as a new, exclusive religion but as a continuation of the primordial faith of the ‘People of the Book’, the Jews and Christians. In one remarkable passage, God insists that Muslims must accept indiscriminately the revelations of every single one of God’s messengers: Abraham, Isaac, Ishamel, Jacob, Moses, Jesus and all the other prophets. The Qur’an is simply a ‘confirmation’ of the previous scriptures. Nobody must be forced to accept Islam, because each of the revealed traditions had its own din; it was not God’s will that all human beings should belong to the same faith community. God was not the exclusive property of any one tradition; the divine light could not be confined to a single lamp, belonged neither to the East or to the West, but enlightened all human beings. Muslims must speak courteously to the People of the Book, debate with them only in ‘the most kindly manner’, remember that they worshipped the same God, and not engage in pointless, aggressive disputes.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|A letter to the beloved is like the ink kissing the paper. (Une lettre à l'aimée, c'est - L'encre embrassant le papier)
Jennifer Melzer, The Goblin Market|They are so frail humans. So easily crumpled and broken, like flower petals under foot.
Fernando González y Lozano|It's amazing how people can be so blind to what's good for them and what isn't, what's truth and what's not, or the difference between secrets and things just not yet known.
Libba Bray, Beauty Queens|I had as many doubts as anyone else. Standing on the starting line, we're all cowards.
Joseph Campbell|Every religion is true one way or another. It is true when understood metaphorically. But when it gets stuck in its own metaphors, interpreting them as facts, then you are in trouble.
Mary Doria Russell|It absolutely helped - to write the father in both 'Juicy' and 'Beasts,' I had to see the whole story from his point of view. All of a sudden I understood more of what my own father must be going through - the fear, the frustration, the anger... the hope that he'll leave a legacy.
Deyth Banger|Facts and Facts, very useful once out there and there!
A.G. Starling, It's a Love Game|Oh my God, you're huge." She struggled to get her hands to the ends of the long sleeves. The garment hung to her knees. She glanced up to see his lips pressed together, like he was choking on a laugh. The corners of his eyes wee crinkled and amusement flickered in his heated gaze.
José Saramago|For 60 years, my country, the United States, pursued stability at the expense of democracy in this region, here in the Middle East, and we achieved neither.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|Modern married women do not fare better in life than their single counterparts. Married women in America do not live longer than single women; married women do not accumulate as much wealth as single women (you take a 7 percent pay cut, on average, just for getting hitched); married women do not thrive in their careers to the extent single women do; married women are significantly less healthy than single women; married women are more likely to suffer from depression than single women; and married women are more likely to die a violent death than single women—usually at the hands of a husband, which raises the grim reality that, statistically speaking, the most dangerous person in the average woman’s life is her own man.
Kristin Miller, So I Married a Werewolf|Do you remember anything about last night?" he asked.Her stomach churned as memories of the night before swam into mental view. Oh, she recalled a few things. How could she forget? She took a solid gulp of her coffee. "I remember vodka, an ax murderer, and a marriage proposal.""Good. The important things." He nodded.
Kid Rock|God lets everything happen for a reason. It's all a learning process, and you have to go from one level to another.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|You are worthy of a great life. Desire, dream and seek it.
Ben Bernanke|I love all kinds of bread. Whenever I crave junk food, I want salty things like peanuts or potato chips.
Debasish Mridha|Light or dark, happy or sad, black or white, right or wrong there are only two strong options, the opposites and others are weak.
Carlos A.  Rodriguez|Even if you feel wronged, respond right.
Debasish Mridha|I like to read fairytales. They make my imagination go wild, and I wander in fairyland.
Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin|Authority is just and faithful in all matters of promise-keeping; it is also considerate, and that is why a good mother is the best home-ruler.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Two simple ways to win a war against the world:First, find the faults within;Second, there is no war.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|There is a perennial classical question that asks which part of the motorcycle, which grain of sand in which pile, is the Buddha. Obviously to ask that question is to look in the wrong direction, for the Buddha is everywhere. But just as obviously to ask the question is to look in the right direction, for the Buddha is everwhere.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Karate is not about techniques and their execution, but about boldness, integrity and fight for justice and common good
Ernst Jünger|Although I am an anarch, I am not anti-authoritarian. Quite the opposite: I need authority, although I do not believe in it. My critical faculties are sharpened by the absence of the credibility that I ask for. As a historian, I know what can be offered.
Donna White Glaser, The Enemy We Know|This is the day the Lord has made, suck it up and rejoice.
Imelda Staunton|War is not merely a political act but a real political instrument, a continuation of political intercourse, a carrying out of the same by other means.
Philippe Petit, Creativity: The Perfect Crime|To fight adversity, to improvise, to solve problems, and to save the coup, I had gathered all my senses into unusual configurations, which made me grow wild and enhanced my perceptions.
Michael Bassey Johnson, Comfort|Refusing to listen to him any longer, Julian backs up. “Whenever you realize working together is in Summer’s best interest, come find me, Boy Scout. Until then, I’ll just pretend you don’t exist.” Then he walks away.Gage glares at Julian’s retreating form. His hand scrapes through his hair as he fumes. A guttural roar of rage crawls up his throat, and he kicks the sand.Damn him and his stupid logic. He’s right. And Gage knows he’s right. But that doesn’t mean he has to like it.
Felix Alba-Juez, Who was Right: Ptolemy or Copernicus?|One of the various theories proposed to explain the negative result of the famous Michelson-Morley experiment with light waves (conceived to measure the absolute space), was based on the ballistic hypothesis, i.e. on postulating that the speed of light predicted by Maxwell's equations was not given as relative to the medium but as relative to the transmitter (firearm). Had that been the case, the experiment negative results would have not caused such perplexity and frustration (as we shall see in forthcoming sections).
Marty Rubin|The scientist seeks laws; the historian, causes; the artist, freedom.
Calvin Coolidge|The government, under my leadership, will act to implement the rule of law and to maintain the independence of the judicial system, which is one of the pillars of maintaining a democratic system.
Lois Greiman, Unzipped|Just when you think you have life by the tail, it's likely to whip around and take a hunk outta your balls.
Elizabeth Brundage, Somebody Else's Daughter|Just the word beautiful was seductive - but what did it really mean? Beauty was a soft word that ached with possibility, pliant as dough. You could not presume to define it, she realized, because the very idea of beauty and all it represented was a subjective thing - in the eye of the beholder - but that wasn't really true anymore.
Sonali Dabade, Of Knights and Lilies|Normality; show me normality, señor caballero, and I will show you an exception to the abnormal order of the universe; show me a normal event and I shall call it miraculous because it is normal.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|It can't be supposed," said Joe. "Tho' I'm oncommon fond of reading, too."Are you, Joe?"Oncommon. Give me," said Joe, "a good book, or a good newspaper, and sit me down afore a good fire, and I ask no better. Lord!" he continued, after rubbing his knees a little, "when you do come to a J and a O, and says you, 'Here, at last, is a J-O, Joe,' how interesting reading is!
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|The space between meeting a stranger and making a new friend can be a short distance or a gaping chasm. By understanding how to open a conversation well, you will be better able to bridge the gaps and build rapport more successfully.
Stephen Richards, Six Figure Success: Time To Think Big - You Can Do It|Every day there are opportunities for me, and I take them.
Angie karan|Every living thing and every situation, is in divine order! Believe, and have faith that everything is where it is at, and should be! Everything happens for our highest good!
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|The Church has carried out some of the most inhuman and above all un-Christian acts of human history, yet, it is still gloriously hailed by the majority of human population as to be synonymous with Jesus Christ.
John Grogan, Marley and Me: Life and Love With the World's Worst Dog|We now had three girls and one testosterone-pumped guy bird that spent every walking minute doing of of three things: pursuing sex, having sex or crowing boastfully about the sex he had just scored. Jenny observed that roosters are what men would be if left to their own devices, with no social conventions to rein in their baser instincts, and I couldn't disagree. I had to admit, I kind of admired the lucky bastard.
Ryū Murakami, Piercing|They say that people fall in and out of love, but do they, too, fall in hate? Or fall into indifference? It has hindered men for ages the notion that one falls in love rather than decides to truly love, the notion that his lack of control, on the B-side, can also make him fall in hate or indifference without the responsibility to help it or control it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To be a champion, compete; to be a great champion, compete with the best; but to be the greatest champion, compete with yourself.
Paul Bowles, The Sheltering Sky|I sleep better knowing that a naked cork-eater is not sneaking around at night, stealing my underwear. 
Israelmore Ayivor|As long as there is life, there is a potential; and as long as there is a potential, there will be a success! You will sprout again when cut down! You will rise again even when you fall!
Rupert Murdoch|Money is a tool. Used properly it makes something beautiful- used wrong, it makes a mess!
Aisha Tyler|Politics only makes the difficult challenge of marriage even harder, with the demands of the job and the public spotlight it casts on a union.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The world is already full of critics; to stand out, be an encourager.
Eloisa James, A Kiss at Midnight|I will never, ever drink whiskey again. From now on, it's strictly sherry.
Dean G. Stroud, Preaching in Hitler's Shadow|How to love is the real question. We all know to love and to keep loving more, but man's confusion comes from the differing opinions on how to love. The Church will always be accused of not loving enough by human standards - which should be its motivation to love more - however that is, in many cases, because its focus is and should also be to love on levels of eternal significance. This is the level of love that will inevitably go unnoticed by those who do not believe in eternity.
Darnell Lamont Walker|Prisons are built to break men, and when men are broken society has consummated its revenge
V.S. Carnes, Sand for Dreams|She was a little thing, too, inciting that basic compulsion in him as a man to protect her in so hectic a place as post-war Israel. Even so, his actions were borne out of an entirely different instinct, altogether: to fool her and anyone within a dart's range... to protect himself.
Joseph Campbell|If you want to change the world, change the metaphor.
Kevin Michel, Moving Through Parallel Worlds To Achieve Your Dreams|There are universal laws at work, even here. The Law of Attraction; the Law of Correspondence; and the Law of Karma. That is: like attracts like; as within, so without; and what goes around comes around.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Instead of the weight that sinks us, consequences are often the life preserver that saves us.
Mark Noce, Dark Winds Rising|There shall be no need to pretend. You shall be replaced. Indeed, I will erase you. Quite easily, I assure you. --Ivy Kinley
John Witherspoon|Men are not generally sufficiently aware of the distinction between the law of God and his purpose; they are apt to suppose, that as the temper of the sinner is contrary to the one, so the outrages of the sinner are able to defeat the other; than which nothing can be more false.
Philip Zimbardo|The megalomaniac differs from the narcissist by the fact that he wishes to be powerful rather than charming, and seeks to be feared rather than loved. To this type belong many lunatics and most of the great men of history.
Mallika Nawal, I'm a Woman & I'm on SALE|Because of their DNA, most men loved a damsel in distress. Every time a man sees a pretty lass in trouble, even the boorish slob-of-a-man transforms into a chivalrous knight-in-shining-armour. This was why most women (no matter how strong, competent or resourceful) were forced to act shy, demure and helpless so that their men could feel like strong grizzly bears or ferocious mountain lions.
François Fénelon, Les aventures de Télémaque suivies des aventures d'Aritonoüs|The youth who, like a woman, loves to adorn his person, has renounced all claim to wisdom and to glory; glory is due to those only who dare to associate with pain, and have trampled pleasure under their feet.
Katie Crouch, Girls in Trucks|And then there's the truth beyond that, sitting like an old rock under green creek water: none of these things matter. Right now, in this moment, we have love. We have it in the sound of my daughter's laugher, in Mom's and Georgia's locked fingers, in the warm pressure of J.T.'s hand. It will leave, and it will come again, and when it does I'll give up everything and take it. Just like an addict. Like dry grass in new rain. It's not something I'm proud of necessarily. Then again, maybe I am.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Parla come magni,' It means, 'Speak the way you eat,' or in my personal translation: 'Say it like you eat it.' It's a reminder - when you're making a big deal out of explaining something, when you're searching for the right words - to keep your language as simple and direct as Roman rood. Don't make a big production out of it. Just lay it on the table.
Stephen Baker|I think that what's been holding composers back a great deal is that they feel they must have a new style every year. This, in my case, would be hopeless. In fact, it is said that I have no style at all, but that doesn't matter. I just go on doing, as they say, my thing. I believe this takes a certain courage.
Tarryn Fisher, Mud Vein|What's the world's greatest lie?' the boy asked, completely surprised.'It's this: that at a certain point in our lives, we lose control of what's happening to us, and our lives become controlled by fate. That's the world's greatest lie.
Balkrishn Sanmotra|Growth occurs when we discover how to remain authentically ourselves in the presence of potentially threatening things. Maturity is the possession of coping skills: we can take in our stride things that previously would have knocked us off course. We are less fragile, less easily shocked and hence more capable of engaging with situations as they really are
Arthur Koestler|The more thoroughly I conduct scientific research, the more I believe that science excludes atheism.
Ane Krstevska|Without ambition, nothing is achieved. Without work, nothing will be completed. The prize will not be sent until you earn it.
Steven Magee|Snow cleaning of the world's largest telescope mirrors was an impressive sight. The optics technicians would climb into a huge telescopic boom lift and spray immense clouds of cold carbon dioxide snow and gas onto the ten meter diameter mirrors high above the floor indoors. It would cause some of the accumulated dirt to magically fall off, leaving it less dirty.
Shannon L. Alder|Between where you stand today and where God needs you to be is a thousand lies, a thousand reasons to give up and an army of people willing to break down your spirit and motivation. You will be hurt. You will be labeled. You will be betrayed. You will get lost. You will make mistakes. You might even want to give up because a few people that say they stand for Christ appear to stand against you. Don't do it! God only gives you what he knows you can handle. So, guess what? If God knew that you could travel through hell and get to the other side then you must be one ---BADASS WOMAN!
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|I keep finding myself stifled by the company of others and then crippled by loneliness when I leave them. I am terrified and I don't even know of what, because I have lost everything already.
Ben Okri, The Famished Road|The ghosts will eat everything because the bellies of ghosts want the whole world, just to fill one tiny corner.
Stephen Bannon|As a trial lawyer, intelligence is important only in the sense that it allows you to play the game, if you will. Without it, you don't even have a ticket into the competitive arena. But beyond that, it doesn't get you very far at all.
Karl Shapiro|Right now, I'm following the Buddhist principle: Smile as abuse is hurled your way and this too shall pass.
Aditya Ajmera|The obstacle in spritual growth is not ignorance of self, it is the illusion of self.
Graham Spaid, tireless:|Can’t say what impresses me most about my followers – their good looks, their incredible intellects, or their immunity to cheap flattery.
Tahir Shah, In Search of King Solomon's Mines|As anyone who's ever taken an Ethiopian bus knows, there is an unwritten rule that the windows must remain firmly closed.
Sharon E. Rainey, The Best Part of My Day Healing Journal|Crowds don’t think; they act; they don’t produce ideas, they produce actions!
Randall Munroe|Whatever happened to our dreams? The infinite possibilities each day holds should stagger the mind. The sheer number of experiences I could have is uncountable, breathtaking, and I'm sitting here refreshing my inbox. We live trapped in loops, reliving a few days over and over, and we envision only a handful of paths laid out ahead of us. We see the same things each day, we respond the same way, we think the same thoughts, each day a slight variation on the last, every moment smoothly following the gentle curves of societal norms. We act like if we just get through today, tomorrow our dreams will come back to us. And no, I don't have all the answers. I don't know how to jolt myself into seeing what each moment could become. But I do know one thing: the solution doesn't involve watering down my every little idea and creative impulse for the sake of someday easing my fit into a mold. It doesn't involve tempering my life to better fit someone's expectations. It doesn't involve constantly holding back for fear of shaking things up. This is very important, so I want to say it as clearly as I can: FUCK. THAT. SHIT.
Jonathan Littell, The Kindly Ones|If you were born in a country or at a time not only when nobody comes to kill your wife and your children, but also nobody comes to ask you to kill the wives and children of others, then render thanks to God and go in peace. But always keep this thought in mind: you might be luckier than I, but you’re not a better person.
Steven Furtick, Greater: Dream Bigger. Start Smaller. Ignite God's Vision for Your Life.|It is not enough to be happy, one must be content.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Whatever you dream, you can achieve it provided it is the will of God for you. Once the Lord Jehovah is in approval of it, just dream it; He placed the power in you to do it abundantly!
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|Forms are vehicles and instruments, and vehicles and instruments cannot be called good or bad without context.
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|What do you do when you are faced with several different gods each claiming the same territory? The Babylonian Marduk and the Greek Zeus was each considered master of the sky and king of gods. You might also decide, since they had quite different attributes, that one of them was merely invented by the priests. But if one, why not both? And so it was that the great idea arose, the realization that there might be a way to know the world without the god hypothesis; that there might be principles, forces, laws of nature, through which the world could be understood without attributing the fall of every sparrow to the direct intervention of Zeus.
Ashley Poch, Luck of Love|She was this girl living in a bottomless hole of her thoughts.One day she saw a light. She felt the warmth and walked in its direction.It was there that she found him.He spoke to her and wove tendrils of love on her heart.His compassion was over whelming for her. His words, his love, his eyes- everything about him was so pure, so true. Her heart was getting intertwined with the love he was bestowing upon her. The mesh of affection he weaved around her heart made it breathe. And live.Vine by vine the mesh thickened. Today, he is her beloved. They are inseparable.He smiles, she smiles. They weave dreams.She loves him beyond infinity. He has her heart strings. And as he walks, she walks with him.
Christopher Buckley|A dream is the bearer of a new possibility, the enlarged horizon, the great hope.
Stephen Lovegrove, How to Find Yourself, Love Yourself, & Be Yourself: The Secret Instruction Manual for Being Human|You have not been given the task of creating something brand new from the vast world around you. All you are called to do is discover what is inside of you right now, the life you have been given. Once you find that, you can begin creating something external that aligns with and affirms your spark.
Christiana Miller, Somebody Tell Aunt Tillie She's Dead|You are a speck. This whole life that seems so huge to us? asall of human enterprise even? Fuck us. We are so tiny," as he said "so tiny" he bent over until his forehead was nearly touching the tabletop, as if he was homing in on the speck that was them. "I can't stand to think we only add up to a blip. I need to think we're more than that." "Deal with it." he looked around as if someone had called his name.
Wanda Sykes|Too often, we fall into the trap of thinking 'equal' means 'the same' and that we achieve equality by treating everyone identically.
George Santayana, The Life of Reason: Five Volumes in One|Those who cannot remember the past, are condemned to repeat it.
Evy Michaels|I’ve suppressed my aspirations to forget all rationality and let the moment explain everything, for nothing to be said and everything understood. If only I knew how to let these feelings out.
George Saunders|In the richest country in the history of the world, this Obama economy has crushed the middle class. Family income has fallen by $4,000, but health insurance premiums are higher, food prices are higher, utility bills are higher, and gasoline prices have doubled. Today more Americans wake up in poverty than ever before.
Walt Disney Company|Tears will not fill your stomach; Tears will not bring kindness. If you have time to shed tears, laugh; someone will be willing to look at a hearty smile more then a tear soaked sponge.
Anonymous|If I speak with the tongues of men and of angels, but have not love, I am become sounding brass, or a clanging cymbal. And if I have the gift of prophecy, and know all mysteries and all knowledge; and if I have all faith, so as to remove mountains, but have not love, I am nothing. And if I bestow all my goods to feed the poor, and if I give my body to be burned, but have not love, it profiteth me nothing.
Robert H. Barlow|I thought I detected a bit of wonder in his voice, that he'd like to become part of a story, any story.
Lisa Kessler, Blue Moon|I ordered a hot chocolate and Chandler got a black coffee. He smiled over at me. "Still no love for coffee?"I shook my head. "Nah, why have bitter and gross when I can have sweet and delicious?
John Piper, When I Don't Desire God: How to Fight for Joy|In other words, when all the supports of human life and earthly happiness are taken away, God will be our delight, our joy. This experience is humanly impossible. No ordinary person can speak in truth like this. If God alone is enough to support joy when all else is lost, it is a miracle of grace.
Marco Rubio|There will be gay couples; it will exist. It is not very nice that people who are married - who divorce in three seconds - don't want protection for the others. The legal system should protect everyone, not just the few people who think they are above everybody else because they are married.
Donald Hall|When it comes to poetry, I think partly the numbers of people attempting to write poems is probably a result or the reaction to technology.
Baruch Spinoza|I suspect there is something in our very mode of thought which makes it inevitable that we should always be baffled by actual existence, whatever character actual existence may have.
Tamara Rose Blodgett, Death Weeps|I suppose I knew on an intellectual level that graves weren't especially made for getting out of. I mean, you start with a hermetically sealed casket and then you dump six feet of dirt on top of it. Over time the earth gets compacted, which can't make it easy to dig through. So even if you're a very angry and determined zombie, you've kind of got your work cut out for you just escaping from the grave.Which was, I suppose, why we got hit with an initial wave of zombie bugs, birds and rodents. I bet some people would say if you've never picked undead mosquitoes out of your teeth, you've never lived. Under that definition, I'd be just as happy to have not lived, thanks.
Sylvia Boorstein, It's Easier Than You Think: The Buddhist Way to Happiness|I think they paid attention to their lives and became wise. For those of us who don’t arrive at wisdom naturally, meditation is one way to get there through practice.
Darrell Calkins|If you know what life really wants, and if you know what you really want, you can begin to create the relationship.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|Once they got into the idea of seeing directly for themselves they also saw there was no limit to the amount they could say. It was a confidence building assignment too, because what they wrote, even though seemingly trivial, was nevertheless their own thing, not a mimicking of someone else’s.
Jonathan Clements, Darwin's Notebook: The Life, Times, and Discoveries of Charles Robert Darwin|Each species may have had its origin in a single pair, or individual, where an individual was sufficient, and species may have been created in succession at such times and in such places as to enable them to multiply and endure for an appointed period, and occupy an appointed space on the globe.
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|Faced with today's problems and disappointments, many people will try to escape from their responsibility. Escape in selfishness, escape in sexual pleasure, escape in drugs, escape in violence, escape in indifference and cynical attitudes. I propose to you the option of love, which is the opposite of escape.
Mary Balogh, A Secret Affair|All is artifice in my world, Constantine. Even me. Especially me. He taught me to be a duchess, to be an impregnable fortress, to be the guardian of my own heart, But he admitted that he could not teach me how or when to allow the fortress to be breached or my heart to be unlocked. It would simply happen, he said. he promised it would, in fact. But how is love to find me, even assuming it is looking?
Enid Blyton, House at the Corner|Remorse is a terrible thing to bear, Pam, one of the worst of all punishments in this life. To wish undone something you have done, to wish you could look back on kindness to someone you love, instead of on unkindness - that is a very terrible thing.
Stephenie Meyer, New Moon|I wondered how long it could last. Maybe someday, years from now.If the pain would decrease to the point where I could bear it.I would be able to look back on those few short months that would always be the best of my life.
Mary Balogh, The Temporary Wife|You're good salesman, if you make people buyproduct they don't need.
Philip L. Moore|If you can read & write then the opportunities are endless, if you just believe in yourself then anything is possible, you can become anyone and do anything, what’s more is, you can take others with you!
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|That was the thing about best friends. Like sisters and mothers, they could piss you off and make you cry and break your heart, but in the end, when the chips were down, they were there, making you laugh even in your darkest hours.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Thousands of years ago the ancients had an advanced mathematical understanding of universe that is revealed in many sources. There is a consistent link to knowledge of the golden mean, but the way in which the ancients were able to formulate and use this information speaks of a technical grasp of the subject that exceeds what we know about it in the present day.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms—to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one’s own way.
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|It's not who, it's when
Paul Bamikole|We all ought to be like little children in the way we treat each other as human beings; quick to forgive, slow to offend, children are friends to each other irrespective of their gender, religion, and color.
Paul Simon|Music is forever; music should grow and mature with you, following you right on up until you die. 
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|Ohne Hast, aber ohne Rast. - Without haste, but without rest.
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Night|What's this about?""Finally. Interest," was the only response."If this is one of your tricks..." Like the time Torin had ordered hundreds of blow-up dolls and placed them throughout the fortress, all because Paris had foolishly complained about the lack of female companionship in town. The plastic "ladies" had stared our from every corner, their wide eyes and let-me-suck-you mouths taunting everyone who passed them.Things like that happened when Torin was bored.
Noorilhuda, The Governess|He tried to disguise how tired and ill he was, how depressing the thought of death was to him and how he spent his days and nights thinking up schemes of living beyond what the prognosis said. His hope, if not his heart, would find a way.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Acknowledge that some moments are just plain awful―desperate and gloomy and painful and miserable and nothing at all but anguish. No truthful, cheerful thought in the world will fix it. So let me cry awhile. Don't try to find a sunbeam where a shroud of darkness encloses me. Let me mourn. Then, after the storm, when the tears have run dry and my eyes choose to open, I will look for your rainbow of hope.
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|Anyway, it's like when Kate Hudson was hooking up with that Jonas brother. It was kind of weird at first and then we all got used to it and nobody gave it a second thought. If anything, people applauded her because she's not afraid to go after what she wants. And she really wanted that cute little Jonas brother.
Janae Mitchell, For Always|I wanted to hug him, tell him it was gonna be alright. Tell him I'm not as fragile as I look. But I can't hug him. I can't even hold his hand. I can't tell him it's gonna be alright, because it’s not; not as long as he's dead and I'm alive.
Tyler Hamilton|Children without access to quality early education programs start kindergarten with an 18-month disadvantage, and that gap continues to widen. By the time they are in fourth grade, many cannot do math or read at grade level.
Audre Lorde|Those of us who stand outside the circle of this society's definition of acceptable women; those of us who have been forged in the crucibles of difference - those of us who are poor, who are lesbians, who are black, who are older - know that survival is not an academic skill...For the master's tools will not dismantle the master's house. They will never allow us to bring about genuine change.
J.L. Sheppard, Burdened By Desire|I refuse to live in a constant fighting match, Landon. It will not do!' 'And I’ve tried living without you, and it just won’t do!
César Aira, An Episode in the Life of a Landscape Painter|A bird flashed across the empty sky. A cart immobile on the horizon, like a midday star. How could a plain like this be remade? Yet someone would, no doubt, attempt to repeat their journey, sooner or later. This thought made them feel they should bet at once very careful and very daring: careful not to make a mistake that would render the repetition impossible; daring, so that the journey would be worth repeating, like an adventure.
Ambrose Bierce|In our civilization, and under our republican form of government, intelligence is so highly honored that it is rewarded by exemption from the cares of office.
Amy Carmichael|All of us, poor & rich alike, have been conditioned by our upbringings. Impoverished men & women may become lulled into a state of "learned helplessness" without hope to change their lives. Likewise, the wealthy can walk in a state of "learned blindness" ignoring the desperation of the local & global poor.
Robert Galbraith, The Cuckoo's Calling|Acting is such a desperately futile profession anyway. Playing out the lives of other men. Knowing of their failures and successes long before they ever do. Living, suffering, murdering, dying … all in the space of three hours. Sometimes only two. And in such a confined little area. And over and over again every night. Can you imagine anything more perfectly stupid? Squeezing a whole existence into a measly evening’s entertainment on the stage? And not only that – in the middle of it all – pausing for an intermission. It makes one’s own life seem unbearably preposterous, doesn’t it?
Deyth Banger|She knew that nothing was ever as overwhelming or final as he seemed to think - that if he would wait, instead of shouting, there'd be less to shout over in the end.
Jeff Mariotte, Witch's Canyon|We say it’s a modern American Western - two gunslingers who ride into town, fight the bad guys, kiss the girl and ride out into the sunset again. And we were always talking from the very beginning that if you’re going to have cowboys, they need a trusty horse. —Eric Kripke on the decision to add the Impala
Thomas Hobbes, Leviathan|For, from the time that the Bishop of Rome had gotten to be acknowledged for bishop universal, by pretence of succession to St. Peter, their whole hierarchy, or kingdom of darkness, may be compared not unfitly to the kingdom of fairies; that is, to the old wives' fables in England concerning ghosts and spirits, and the feats they play in the night. And if a man consider the original of this great ecclesiastical dominion, he will easily perceive that the papacy is no other than the ghost of the deceased Roman Empire, sitting crowned upon the grave thereof: for so did the papacy start up on a sudden out of the ruins of that heathen power.
Michael Bassey Johnson|...be as fast as Usain Bolt, the winner is the winner, even if he crawls like a crab, his destiny is unshakable.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart|If you would dance, my pretty Count, I'll play the tune on my little guitar..
Bertrand Russell, Sceptical Essays|Not to grow up properly is to retain our 'caterpillar' quality from childhood (where it is a virtue) into adulthood (where it becomes a vice). In childhood our credulity serves us well. It helps us to pack, with extraordinary rapidity, our skulls full of the wisdom of our parents and our ancestors. But if we don't grow out of it in the fullness of time, our caterpillar nature makes us a sitting target for astrologers, mediums, gurus, evangelists and quacks. The genius of the human child, mental caterpillar extraordinary, is for soaking up information and ideas, not for criticizing them. If critical faculties later grow it will be in spite of, not because of, the inclinations of childhood. The blotting paper of the child's brain is the unpromising seedbed, the base upon which later the sceptical attitude, like a struggling mustard plant, may possibly grow. We need to replace the automatic credulity of childhood with the constructive scepticism of adult science.
Paulo Freire|There is no way to escape conflict in life, and there is no way to escape peace in life.
Ryan Reynolds|I believe in the family. I believe in marriage, and I think it's such a great institution. I think men should be able to marry each other, and women should be able to marry each other.
Paul Rand|Our guiding principle was that design is neither an intellectual nor a material affair, but simply an integral part of the stuff of life, necessary for everyone in a civilized society.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|The truths Phaedrus began to pursue were lateral truths; no longer the frontal truths of science, those toward which the discipline pointed, but the kind of truth you see laterally, out of the corner of your eye. In a laboratory situation, when your whole procedure goes haywire, when everything goes wrong or is indeterminate or is so screwed up by unexpected results you can't make head or tail out of anything, you start looking laterally. That's a word he later used to describe a growth of knowledge that doesn't move forward like an arrow in flight, but expands sideways, like an arrow enlarging in flight, or like the archer, discovering that although he has hit the bull's-eye and won the prize, his head is on a pillow and the sun is coming in the window. Lateral knowledge is knowledge that's from a wholly unexpected direction, from a direction that's not even understood as a direction until the knowledge forces itself upon one. Lateral truths point to the falseness of axioms and postulates underlying one's existing system of getting at truth.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Wild Girls|...[T]he only means I have to stop ignorant snobs from behaving towards genre fiction with snobbish ignorance is to not reinforce their ignorance and snobbery by lying and saying that when I write SF it isn't SF, but to tell them more or less patiently for forty or fifty years that they are wrong to exclude SF and fantasy from literature, and proving my arguments by writing well.
Pepper Winters, Quintessentially Q|Life is about living, and I intend to live it to the fullest, don’t you?
Lailah Gifty Akita|To the determined mind, nothing is impossible
Arthur Ochs Sulzberger, Jr.|A leader is one who, out of madness or goodness, volunteers to take upon himself the woe of the people. There are few men so foolish, hence the erratic quality of leadership in the world.
James Emlund|When a heart has set a course, let it navigate the laughter in failure and generosity in overcoming crisis. Love weaves lives and distills.
Diana Gabaldon, Outlander|No matter how ugly the manner in which a man dies, it’s only the presence of a suffering human soul that is horrifying, once gone, what is left is only an object.
Gugu Mbatha-Raw|Listeners instinctively detect that when we lower the usual pitch of our voice, we are sad, and when we raise it, we are angry or fearful.
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Kiss|There is a story, there is a scene which you always miss and you never pay attention at it... (The Ring 1)
Noam Chomsky, Failed States: The Abuse of Power and the Assault on Democracy|When the government and electrical utility company jointly harass an electrical fraud researcher, it confirms that the research is progressing in the right direction!
Peter Thiel|Work hard. Through determination and self-focus and discipline, you can accomplish anything.
Alex Bosworth, Chip Chip Chaw!|High buildings fall, black oceans rise, and coins sink in height Where weapons smash in every grace, with every black and white The east drops, the west too, children die and so do oldWith every sin, and every crime, people drop by their goldThe ground wrecks to chunks where people tend to fallAnd gardens turn dumps but the tiny bird’s soulFire, Wind, Water and Sun, all kill a birthIt just goes on to be the Last day on earth
Colum McCann, Let the Great World Spin|A game like sardines is scary, not so much for the hider but for the seekers. It's scary because you lose your companions and the whole world creeps up quiet and you slowly realize you're going to stumble upon a secret place where everyone will jump out at you. And then, when you are the very last seeker, you start to wonder if you're the only person in the world. If the hiding place somehow sucked up the players and the last one has to decide to run away or get sucked up, too.
Priyanka Chopra|My mom's best friend growing up was diagnosed with AIDS, and he basically raised me when my mom was launching her business. Although I didn't understand at the time what HIV or AIDS was, I knew that's what he passed away from.
|When they can't understand why you are so confident with yourself, they would start to perceive you as being arrogant.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|If heaven was hot and hell was chilly, tell me, why would you go to heaven?
David Mitchell, The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet|We have just enough religion to make us hate, but not enough to make us love.
Lisa Adkins|We are precarious. Which is to say some good things (accumulation of diverseknowledges, skills and abilities through work and life experiences in permanentconstruction), and a lot of bad ones (vulnerability, insecurity, poverty, socialexposure).
Henri Bergson|Creation signifies, above all, emotion, and that not in literature or art alone. We all know the concentration and effort implied in scientific discovery. Genius has been defined as an infinite capacity for taking pains.
Kiera Cass, The One|Maxon: “To be clear, no one agrees with you.”America: “To be clear, I don’t care.
Suman Pokhrel|The rain could turn to gold and still your thirst would not be slaked. Desire is unquenchable or it ends in tears, even in heaven.
Jessica Valenti, Why Have Kids?: A New Mom Explores the Truth About Parenting and Happiness|My friends never seem to yell at their kids. Even when their kids are behaving hideously, they pull them aside and say, now sweetie, you know you shouldn't, blah, blah, blah. Please don't yadda, yadda, okay sweetie? Maybe it's some bullshit show they put on for non-family members, but I'd have to be on happy pills to act like that
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|A broken and mended relationship turns out to be stronger than one that has never been broken, almost like how bones can become even stronger once broken and then healed.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Don’t let the burdens and hardships of this lifedistract you or discourage you, but keep your eyes firmly fixed on what God has promisedat the end of our journey: heaven itself.
Andrea Levy, Six Stories and An Essay|The very notion of Great Britain's "greatness" is bound up with Empire,' the cultural theorist, Stuart Hall, once wrote: 'Euro-scepticism and littel Englander nationalism could hardly survive if people understood whose sugar flowed through English blood , and rotted English teeth.
Margherita Missoni|I'd always been a news junkie, always read lots of newspapers and watched the Sunday morning news shows on TV and felt strongly about issues of power, control, sexuality and race.
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|I know you loved both he and I, the way a mother can love two sons. And no one should be judged for loving more than they ought, only for loving not enough.
G.K. Chesterton|Silence? What can New York-noisy, roaring, rumbling, tumbling, bustling, story, turbulent New York-have to do with silence? Amid the universal clatter, the incessant din of business, the all swallowing vortex of the great money whirlpool-who has any, even distant, idea of the profound repose......of silence?
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|Out, out, brief candle! Life's but a walking shadow, a poor player that struts and frets his hour upon the stage and is heard no more. It is a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing.
Kiersten White, Perfect Lies|Because change creates opportunity, when we do it through purpose and awareness, we are working with the fates, and in turn they smile upon us.
Ayn Rand|Contrary to the ecologists, nature does not stand still and does not maintain the kind of equilibrium that guarantees the survival of any particular species - least of all the survival of her greatest and most fragile product: man.
Greta Garbo|The voice of the waves was now mixed with strange sounds; laughter, running feet and the clanging of great bells far out to sea. Snufkin lay still and listened. dreaming and remembering his trip round world. Soon I must set out again, he thought. But not yet.
Parul Wadhwa, The Masquerade|Out of all the things that look & bleed, the most bruised is a man who has seen his dreams crushed and experienced miserable hopelessness.
Lena Headey|My intention here is to make it clear that not a single cell of my composition, here in regard to The Raven, is found by chance or intuition, that the composition moved towards perfection with the precision and inevitability of a mathematical equation.
John Burroughs|If you take all the money we've spent at NASA since we landed on the moon and you had applied that money for incentives to the private sector, we would today probably have a permanent station on the moon, three or four permanent stations in space, a new generation of lift vehicles.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|I am Orafoura, but you can call me Jarod Kintz. I’m fairly proud to proclaim that Dora J. Arod has me on her short list of “World’s worst writers.” The list couldn’t get any shorter, because I’m the only name on it. I should tell her to stop calling it a list, and change the title to “World’s worst writer.” If you’re wondering why I rate all my work one star, it’s because the rating system doesn’t have a zero star option, or better yet, go into negative numbers.
Harrish Sairaman|There are no crash courses on ‘enlightenment’, you only crash in a course like that!!!!
Euginia Herlihy, Take a Step Right Now Towards Your Dreams by Euginia|Everyone of us has a new name that winks at us daily because there are rivers of life in our bellies, we just need our mentors to help us to give birth to those new names.
Mark Kirkbride, Satan's Fan Club|I'm being haunted," she blurted out. "My dear," he cooed. "Turn yourself into a tourist attraction and charge admission.
Craig W. Dressler, Hafren: A Fantasy for the Young at Heart|Daniel 12:3 "...and those who turn the many to righteousness will shine the stars forever.
Vikram Seth|Everyone sort of sees his own life and times as being ephemeral. One thinks that everything good or important that happened, happened in the past. But I think that seeing scenes that you are used to, but with the heightening effects of poetry, perhaps makes you value your life and times more than you might otherwise do.
Charles Bukowski, On Cats|Life is what you make it, taking chances based upon your intuition will give you the potential to live life to the full, bringing all your desires to life.
Mary Roach, Bonk: The Curious Coupling of Science and Sex|Viagra isn't the only drug being prescribed off-label for women with arousal problems. Los Angeles urologist Jennifer Berman told me some doctors are prescribing low doses of Ritalin. Drugs like Ritalin improve a person's focus, so it stands to reason that it would make it easier to stay attuned to subtle changes taking place in one's body. 'It enables a woman to focus o the task at hand,' said Berman, managing, though surely not intending, to make sex sound like homework.
Sam Logan|When you is precious to God, you become important to Satan.
Eric Robert Morse|When everything is a law, nothing is a law.
Ellen Ullman|Would you go into a CD store and steal a CD? It's the same thing, people going into the computers and loggin' on and stealing our music.
William Shakespeare, Othello|Were I the Moor I would not be Iago.In following him I follow but myself;Heaven is my judge, not I for love and duty,But seeming so for my peculiar end.For when my outward action doth demonstrateThe native act and figure of my heartIn compliment extern, ’tis not long afterBut I will wear my heart upon my sleeveFor daws to peck at. I am not what I am
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|It is not death that a man should fear, but he should fear never beginning to live.
Kevin Michel, Moving Through Parallel Worlds To Achieve Your Dreams|The subconscious mind is shielding or showing numerous potential paths, based on what it determines would represent a consistent reality for you.
Franz Kafka|my heart no longer beats but is a tugging muscle,
Феофан Затворник, Путь ко спасению. Краткий очерк аскетики.|Тогава си счел всички земни придобивки за нищо. И сега недей да милееш за нищо. Имай готовност, като захвърлиш всичко, да останеш гол.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without hardships, how could we know hope?
Tim Kreider|The highest kind of writing—which must not be confused withthe most ambitious kind…belongs to the realm of grace. Talent ispart of it, certainly; a thorough understanding of the secret laws,absolutely. But finding the subject and theme which is in perfectharmony with your deepest nature, your forgotten selves, your hiddendreams, and the full unresonated essence of your life—now thatcannot be reached through searching, nor can it be stumbled uponthrough ambition. That sort of serendipity comes upon you on alucky day. It may emerge even out of misfortune or defeat. You mayhappen upon it without realising that this is the work throughwhich your whole life will sing. We should always be ready. Weshould always be humble. Creativity should always be a form ofprayer.
John Wooden|It definitely has learning a lesson about the way you're living your life. I wouldn't compare our movie to that, but it has a structure where it's about a man who doesn't appreciate all that he has and finds out at the end that life has been great and he has to enjoy that.
Alexei Maxim Russell, The New Homeowner's Guide to House Spirits|Never invite any kind of spirit to enter either your home or your person. This is an extremely important point to remember. To do so always risks to unwittingly invite evil spirits in, instead. Good spirits never need to be invited in.
Andrew James Pritchard|Artists shouldn't wait until they are told what their art should be, they shouldn't follow trends or allow other people to influence their work, an artist should only create from the strongest emotions within their heart
Ana Monnar, Express Yourself 101 For Your Eyes Only|Good for you and be proud of yourself because you have your priorities in order. Be proud of yourself if you are responsible, reliable, persistent, and take your job and education seriously.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|The scribbled signature black, onto the blinding global white, onto the thick soupy red.
Deborah Tannen, You Just Don't Understand: Women and Men in Conversation|I know that no matter how liberal or progressive I profess to be, no matter how successfully, how diligently I seek to be enlightened and nuanced in my understanding of the world and those around me, I know that there still is a tiny, virulent nugget, a germ of prejudice that exists deep within me — the product of those stereotypes and awful jokes of childhood and adolescence, and that it must always be powerfully held at bay by reason, understanding and love.
Marjane Satrapi, Persepolis: The Story of a Childhood|I want to be justice, love and the wrath of God all in one.
Robert A. Heinlein|When I thought of Eric with someone else, I wanted to rip out all his beautiful blonde hair. By the roots. In clumps.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|Success is a path of setbacks, passion, purpose and inner strength
Katha Pollitt|Pregnancy and childbirth are not only physical and medical experiences, after all. They are also social experiences that, in modern America, just as when abortion was criminalized in the 1870s, serve to restrict women's ability to participate in society on equal footing with men.
Eddie Van Halen|My problem was that I was blond. There were no heroes with blond hair. Robert Taylor and Henry Fonda, they all had dark hair. The only one I found was Van Johnson, who wasn't too cool. He was a nice, homely American boy. So I created my own image. It worked.
A.W. Tozer, The Knowledge of the Holy|Faith is an organ of knowledge, and love an organ of experience.
Debasish Mridha|And there, my dear Fio, you make one of Womankind's greatest mistakes: falling in love with a man's potential. We so rarely share the same view of it, and even more rarely care to achieve it.
A.S. Byatt, Possession|Genius: Range of mind, power of imagination, and responsiveness of soul: this is genius. The man of genius has a soul with greater range, can therefore be struck by the feelings of all beings, is concerned with everything in nature, and never receives an idea that does not evoke a feeling. Everything stirs him and everything is retained within him.When the soul has been moved by an object itself, it is even more affected by the memory of the object. But in a man of genius imagination goes further: it recalls ideas with a more vivid feeling than it received them, because to these ideas are connected a thousand others more appropriate to arouse the feeling.
Henry Mosquera, Sleeper's Run|People have incredible nerve to do terrible things, but never actually admit to them.
Muriel Spark, A Far Cry from Kensington|If you want to concentrate deeply on some problem, and especially some piece of writing or paper-work, you should acquire a cat. Alone with the cat in the room where you work ... the cat will invariably get up on your desk and settle placidly under the desk lamp ... The cat will settle down and be serene, with a serenity that passes all understanding. And the tranquility of the cat will gradually come to affect you, sitting there at your desk, so that all the excitable qualities that impede your concentration compose themselves and give your mind back the self-command it has lost. You need not watch the cat all the time. Its presence alone is enough. The effect of a cat on your concentration is remarkable, very mysterious.
Mark Zuckerberg|I do believe that God blessed me in life with a wonderful family, a successful career, and a loving marriage, and remain thankful for that blessing.
Dean Koontz, Deeply Odd|Scarlett activated the viola and it came down like short shimmering curtain that covered her eyes with a band of violet light. It dilated her eyes, increasing her binocular summation so that everything in her field of vision was magnified and clear. It also protected her retinas from any sort of laser fire or plasma flash.
Ned Hayes, The Eagle Tree|A rising tower of wood and needles and branches and great slabs of bark that has grown for hundreds of years. An impossible castle made from air and sunlight, fixed in place by the power of photosynthesis and chlorophyll. Magic. With lights.
Juan Filloy, Op Oloop|Perhaps he was probing the enigma of why men fall in love with their dreams, which are then so destroyed by harsh realities that their dreamers become cuckolded by their own illusions. Perhaps...
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|My point, once again, is not that those ancient people told literal stories and we are now smart enough to take them symbolically, but that they told them symbolically and we are now dumb enough to take them literally.
Alyson Noel, Radiance|Somewhere in the crowd was at least one potential friend who'd understand the fundamental value of goofing off.Because if not, how boring would that be?
Lady Gaga|Show me a man who lives alone and has a perpetually clean kitchen, and 8 times out of 9 I'll show you a man with detestable spiritual qualities.
Lisa Carlisle, Knights of Stone: Bryce|We've learned it's better to work together to create more possibilities for all, rather than cling to past prejudices.
Seamus Heaney, Beowulf|She had seen him once, smiling a little through another friar’s sermon about Hell, saying after the other left that fear of Hell is one of many paths to it. Forget Hell and love one another. That is all He wants of you.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe|It is a mistake,” he said, “to suppose that the public wants the environment protected or their lives saved and that they will be grateful to any idealist who will fight for such ends. What the public wants is their own individual comfort.
Milan Kundera, The Book of Laughter and Forgetting|Progress was never meant to be stinted, and even failures weren’t to be destroyed.
David Mathis, Habits of Grace: Enjoying Jesus through the Spiritual Disciplines|The energy that mosquitoes need to lay eggs is neither the same as that which elephants need to bring forth nor that which a woman needs to push, yet they all need a certain amount of energy vital for them to produce something! Go help somebody for God’s sake; your little is vital! Your little will inspire! Your little will bring smiles! Go help somebody now!
Sesan Kareem|if you will grow, everything will grow with you.
Frank Herbert, God Emperor of Dune|[There's] a number of questionable characters whose goal is clearly not to disseminate information, but to prolong their pathetic reign by controlling people through a highly-organized and continued engineering of ignorance.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|I once dreamt that the man in the moon took an interest in me and reflected the sun’s light directly in my path, lighting the way for my footsteps to sink themselves into the ground. It was wonderful to have my course illuminated by one with a grander perspective than my own. But when I awoke, realizing I could not call on the moon for guidance, my spirit sank until it occurred to me I could talk to the one who had created the moon. And He has lit my path ever since.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God is concerned with our imaginations, for they in a large measure determine what kind of persons we are to be.
Paulette Jiles, News of the World|All the trees of the world appeared to be rushing towards Aslan. But as they drew nearer they looked less like trees, and when the whole crowd, bowing and curtsying and waving thin long arms to Aslan, were all around Lucy, she saw that it was a crowd of human shapes. Pale birch-girls were tossing their heads, willow-women pushed back their hair from their brooding faces to gaze on Aslan, the queenly beeches stood still and adored him, shaggy oak-men, lean and melancholy elms, shock-headed hollies (dark themselves, but their wives all bright with berries) and gay rowans, all bowed and rose again, shouting, "Aslan, Aslan!" in their various husky or creaking or wave-like voices.
Shannon A. Thompson, Death Before Daylight|His entire presence was like gravity, impossible to forget, possible to believe in, a theory merged into a law.
Evy Michaels|My days have turned into strugglesMy weeks into fightsMy months into battlesMy years, a warIt’s becoming a lifetime of desperationA lifetime of sorrowA lifetime of emptinessA lifeless timeA timeless life
Zandile, Constantly Racing|He's made me believe I'm worth love of the liquid kind, you know, the kind that seeps to all my damaged parts.
André Gide|I intend to bring you strength, joy, courage, perspicacity, defiance.
Millicent Ashby|If there's one thing I've learned, it is to never give up--no matter what your circumstances are. Giving up doesn't solve anything.
Nancy Cobb, In Lieu of Flowers: A Conversation for the Living|As highly sensitive individuals, we simply cannot stand feeling trapped, constricted or smothered in any way. We highly value our freedom and autonomy, making us particularly prone to staying single for long periods of time.
Pope Francis|I believe in mysticism, with an interior goal, and you are your own temple and your own priest. I don't believe anymore in religions, because you see today there are religious wars, prejudice, false morals, and the woman is despised. Religion is too old now; it's from another century, it's not for today.
Anna Aquino|I had long since wished that they would have been born with a dictionary sized how-to guide in my placenta. It would have been custom printed for each child by God. Unfortunately, that didn’t happen. I’d been forced to walk through the minefield of parenthood feeling like I was blindfolded and hopping on one leg. Surely my kids should understand that I was trying to know what I was doing, but the verdict still seemed out at the moment.
Molly Friedenfeld|The night was starless and very dark. Without doubt, in the gloom some mighty angel was standing, with outstretched wings, awaiting the soul.
Pushpa Rana, Just the Way I Feel|They don't remember me even when i'm here, i don't think they'll do when i'm gone
Joseph Warren|May our land be a land of liberty, the seat of virtue, the asylum of the oppressed, a name and a praise in the whole Earth, until the last shock of time shall bury the empires of the whole world in one common undistinguished ruin!
Lauren F. Winner, Still: Notes on a Mid-Faith Crisis|I am acutely aware that all I have been able to achieve has been in large part due to circumstances outside my control. This is why I teach, and this is why I write. I want to be one of those opportunities for others. Perhaps this is the true measure of success.
Ginger Gilmour, Memoirs of the Bright Side of the Moon|As food nourishes the body, beauty nourishes the spirit.
Dick Cheney|Our technologised society is becoming opaque. As technology becomes more ubiquitous and our relationship with digital devices ever more seamless, our technical infrastructure seems to be increasingly intangible.
William C. Placher, A History of Christian Theology, Second Edition: An Introduction|Have you by any chance an edition of St. Ignatius's treatise against the Gnostics?" he asked in a low clear voice. The young assistant looked gravely back. "Not for sale, I'm afraid," he said. "Nor, if it comes to that, the Gnostic treatises against St. Ignatius." "Quite," Anthony answered.
Niall Ferguson, Civilization: The West and the Rest|Historians are not scientists. They cannot (and should not even trying to) establish universal laws of social or political "physics" with reliable predictive powers. Why? Because there is no possibility of repeating the single, multi-millennium experiment that constant to the past. The sample size of human history is one.
Robert McGee, The Search for Significance - Workbook: Build Your Self-Worth on God's Truth|All of us fail, but this doesn't mean we are failures.
Henri Charrière, Papillon|I am not a good enough writer to convey the intense emotion I felt over my newfound self-respect. It was a rehabilitation, if not a new life. This imaginary baptism, the immersion in purity, the elevation of my being above the filth in which I'd been mired and, overnight, this sense of responsibility, made me into a different man. The convict's complexes that make him hear his chains and suspect he's being watched even after he's freed, everything I'd seen, gone through, suffered, everything that was making me tarnished, rotten and dangerous, passively obedient on the surface but terribly dangerous in rebellion, all that had disappeared as if by a miracle.
Monique Duval, The Persistence of Yellow: A Book of Recipes for Life|Last night at Bingo, Sylvia won the last prize. 'What am I going to do with a mermaid?" "Learn to swim in the murkiest water, reinvent yourself," the mermaid said #149
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|I actually hate Christmas," says Eileen. "Everybody has this idea you have to have a good time, like happiness comes in a ruddy packet." Her face is flushed with heat. "One time, I stayed in bed all day. That was one of my best Christmases.
Nancy  Young, Strum|There are many ties that bind, and as many walls that divide. Music and madness. Love and unending time. Race and war. Strum weaves together each element into a larger human tapestry of light and shadow, where a combination of fate and decision can define a family's legacy.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|I – the eternal idea of oneness, have said this before – and now in the century 21st, say once again - Awake, my friend! Arise, my friend! Start walking my friend! And do not stop until you bring the change you wish to see in your society!
Albert Einstein, On Cosmic Religion and Other Opinions and Aphorisms|I believe in intuition and inspiration. Imagination is more important than knowledge. For knowledge is limited, whereas imagination embraces the entire world, stimulating progress, giving birth to evolution. It is, strictly speaking, a real factor in scientific research.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Pain dutifully reminds me that the world is terribly imperfect, but it faithfully helps me appreciate the world on those days when it’s a little closer to being perfect.
|Cast all the problems and troubles that people come to you with onto Him, and you can relax and stay healthy
Neneh Cherry|You don't hire for mediocrity. Instead, you bring people onto your team because you know that they'll make a valuable contribution and turn in amazing work. But, in order to have that expectation, you need to make sure you're fostering an environment that allows them to do so.
Mohd Asri Zainul Abidin, Islam in Malaysia: Perceptions & Facts|We sometimes fail to realise that when we pray to Allah we are in fact performing a great act of ibadah (worship). On the surface it might seem as if we are asking out of self-interest, but we are really proving the sincerity of our belief in the tauhid (Oneness) of Allah and our submission to the True God. Thus the Prophet pbuh said: "Supplication is itself the worship." (Reported by Abu Daud and al-Tirmizi, sahih.) If a servant prays the whole night to Allah, he therefore performs a great ibadah all night long.
Julie Klausner|Good diet and exercise are key, but abject fear has its own rewards. And arriving on the first day for rehearsals for 'Spamalot' and seeing all these much younger, much fitter people, who I was going to be on stage with, became a catalyst for cutting out the more unhealthy aspects of my life.
Jennifer Lynn Barnes, The Long Game|I lie to her. Because this world is not safe. The people who are supposed to protect us, the people we are supposed to trust -- I know that sometimes they are the ones who do the most harm.
Patrick White, Voss|But the purpose and nature are never clearly revealed. Human behaviour is a series of lunges, of which, it is sometimes sensed, the direction is inevitable.
Jeff Zucker|In an increasingly polarized world, it's hard to know whom to trust. CNN will be the only news channel that doesn't take a side.
D.A. Blankinship, The Scoloderus Conspiracy|Once you make a journey to a near impossible destination, you get to realize how everything and anything is possible
Charles B. Rangel|I have a graduate degree from Penn State. I studied at Penn State under a noted Hemingway scholar, Philip Young. I had an interest in thrillers, and it occurred to me that Hemingway wrote many action scenes: the war scenes in 'A Farewell to Arms' and 'For Whom the Bell Tolls' come to mind. But the scenes don't feel pulpy.
Robert E. Howard, King Kull|Once, headed uptown on the 9 train, I noticed a sign posted by the Metropolitan Transit Authority advising subway riders who might become ill in the train. The sign asked that the suddenly infirm inform another passenger or get out at the next stop and approach the stationmaster. Do not, repeat, do not pull the emergency brake, the sign said, as this will only delay aid. Which was all very logical, but for the following proclamation at the bottom of the sign, something along the lines of, “If you are sick, you will not be left alone.” This strikes me as not only kind, not only comforting, but the very epitome of civilization, good government, i.e., the the crux of the societal impulse. Banding together, pooling our taxes, not just making trains, not just making trains that move underground, not just making trains that move underground with surprising efficiency at a fair price—but posting on said trains a notification of such surprising compassion and thoughtfulness. I found myself scanning the faces of my fellow passengers, hoping for fainting, obvious fevers, at the very least a sneeze so that I might offer a tissue.
Aravind Adiga, The White Tiger|Indians are the Italians of Asia and vice versa. Every man in both countries is a singer when he is happy, and every woman is a dancer when she walks to the shop at the corner. For them, food is the music inside the body and music is the food inside the heart. Amore or Pyar makes every man a poet, a princess of peasant girl if only for second eyes of man and woman meets.
Deep Trivedi, The Pulse of Wisdom|In today's time, no other ''charity'' is acceptable or practical than the ''wisdom'' that can transform the human life... Meaning the knowledge which can teach a man to climb the ladder of success.
Elizabeth Barrett Browning, Aurora Leigh|We get no good by being ungenerous, even to a book, and calculating profits...so much help by so much reading. it is rather when we gloriously forget ourselves, and plunge soul-forward, headlong, into a book's profound, impassioned for its beauty and salt of truth--'tis then we get the right good from the book.
Charles Baudelaire, Paris Spleen|I hold with those who favor fire.But if it had to perish twice,I think I know enough of hateTo know that for destruction iceIs also great
Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey|I leave it to be settled, by whomsoever it may concern, whether the tendency of this work be altogether to recommend parental tyranny, or reward filial disobedience.
John Howard|It's a different outlook, and one that I understand. When you are a former member of the Warsaw Pact, when you have lived behind the Berlin Wall, when you have experienced the communist systems that existed in these countries, for them, the West represents hope.
Terry Spear, SEAL Wolf In Too Deep|She turned off all the lights in the duplex and peered out the windows, moving from one room to the next to see if she could catch sight of the a black sedan. Security lights and streetlights in her complex cast a strange orange glow on the misty snow. It looked like the perfect night for a murder.
Lauren Oliver, Requiem|Everybody has asked the question. . ."What shall we do with the Negro?" I have had but one answer from the beginning. Do nothing with us! Your doing with us has already played the mischief with us. Do nothing with us! If the apples will not remain on the tree of their own strength, if they are wormeaten at the core, if they are early ripe and disposed to fall, let them fall! I am not for tying or fastening them on the tree in any way, except by nature's plan, and if they will not stay there, let them fall. And if the Negro cannot stand on his own legs, let him fall also. All I ask is, give him a chance to stand on his own legs! Let him alone!
Pooja Ruprell|Where there is a blanket of hate, uplift it with the strong arms of love. If there is pain, heal it with your kind words and gentle touch. In the face of anger, stay so calm and unfazed that anger leaves the room.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|In religious belief as elsewhere, we must take our chances, recognizing that we could be wrong, dreadfully wrong. There are no guarantees; the religious life is a venture; foolish and debilitating error is a permanent possibility. (If we can be wrong, however, we can also be right.)
Alice Hoffman|I don't know these stories as well as they know me, I've discovered.
Mehmet Murat ildan|It requires no special talent to be a shadow; but to be a light, you need to be burning inwardly!
Felicity Brandon, Friday's Lesson|My words are like a musical instrument, softly & seductively playing under the moonlight as they penetrate the depths of your loins!
Lilith Saintcrow|If a man walks in the woods for love of them half of each day, he is in danger of being regarded as a loafer. But if he spends his days as a speculator, shearing off those woods and making the earth bald before her time, he is deemed an industrious and enterprising citizen.
Debasish Mridha|If you learn how to value time, you will have enough. If you don’t value time, then you will suffer from the lack of time.
Page Morgan, The Wondrous and the Wicked|Oh no, Raphael, please don't leave me," Magnus said in a monotone. "Where would I be without the light of your sweet smile? If you go, I will throw myself upon the ground and weep." "Will you?" asked Raphael, raising one thin eyebrow. "Because if you do, I will stay and watch the show.
Anne Lamott, Operating Instructions: A Journal of My Son's First Year|Part of me loves and respects men so desperately, and part of me thinks they are so embarrassingly incompetent at life and in love. You have to teach them the very basics of emotional literacy. You have to teach them how to be there for you, and part of me feels tender toward them and gentle, and part of me is so afraid of them, afraid of any more violation.
Lori Majewski, Mad World: An Oral History of New Wave Artists and Songs That Defined the 1980s|She sighed, she snored, not that she was asleep, only drowsy and heavy, drowsy and heavy, like a field of clover in the sunshine this hot July day, with the bees going round and about and the yellow butterflies.
John C. Eccles|I maintain that the human mystery is incredibly demeaned by scientific reductionism, with its claim in promissory materialism to account eventually for all of the spiritual world in terms of patterns of neuronal activity. This belief must be classed as a superstition.... we have to recognize that we are spiritual beings with souls existing in a spiritual world as well as material beings with bodies and brains existing in a material world.
Martin Amis, The Second Plane: 14 Responses to September 11|Love is an abstract noun, something nebulous. And yet love turns out to be the only part of us that is solid, as the world turns upside down and the screen goes black.
Debasish Mridha|There is nothing wrong or right, only our thoughts make it so.
Richard Rhodes, Visions of Technology: A Century of Vital Debate About Machines Systems and the Human World|Health is being in harmony with the world view. Health is an intuitive perception of the universe and all its inhabitants as being of one fabric. Health is maintaining communication with the animals and plants and minerals and stars. It is knowing death and life and seeing no difference. It is blending and melding, seeking solitude and seeking companionship to understand one's many levels. Unlike the more "modern" notions, in shamanic society health is not the absence of feeling; no more so is it the absence of pain. Health is seeking out all of the experiences of Creation and turning them over and over, feeling their texture and multiple meanings. Health is expanding beyond one's singular state of consciousness to experience the ripples and waves of the universe.
Hope Jahren, Lab Girl|Our world is falling apart quietly. Human civilization has reduced the plant, a four-million-year-old life form, into three things: food, medicine, and wood. In our relentless and ever-intensifying obsession with obtaining a higher volume, potency, and variety of these three things, we have devastated plant ecology to an extent that millions of years of natural disaster could not. Roads have grow like a manic fungus and the endless miles of ditches that bracket these roads serve as hasty graves for perhaps millions of plant species extinguished in the name of progress. Planet Earth is nearly a Dr. Seuss book made real: every year since 1990 we have created more than eight billion new stumps. If we continue to fell healthy trees at this rate, less then six hundred years from now, every tree on the planet will have been reduced to a stump. My job is about making sure there will be some evidence that someone cared about the great tragedy that unfolded during our age.
Christopher Morley|Read, every day, something no one else is reading. Think, everyday, something no one else is thinking. Do, every day, something no one else would be silly enough to do. It is bad for the mind to continually be part of unanimity.
Ogwo David Emenike|Man is willing to accept woman as an equal, as a man in skirts, as an angel, a devil, a baby-face, a machine, an instrument, a bosom, a womb, a pair of legs, a servant, an encyclopaedia, an ideal or an obscenity; the one thing he won't accept her as is a human being, a real human being of the feminine sex.
Warren W. Wiersbe|The way to control circumstances is to control the forces within yourself to make a greater man of yourself, and as you become greater and more competent, you will naturally gravitate into better circumstances. In this connection, we should remember that like attracts like. If you want that which is better, make yourself better. If you want to realize the ideal, make yourself more ideal. If you want better friends, make yourself a better friend. If you want to associate with people of worth, make yourself more worthy. If you want to meet that which is agreeable, make yourself more agreeable. If you want to enter conditions and circumstances that are more pleasing, make yourself more pleasing. In brief, whatever you want, produce that something in yourself, and you will positively gravitate towards the corresponding conditions in the external world.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|GOD in not just in the details, He is the detail.
Laurence Sterne, The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman|I am this month one whole year older than I was this time twelve-month; and having got, as you perceive, almost into the middle of my fourth volume—and no farther than to my first day's life—'tis demonstrative that I have three hundred and sixty-four days more life to write just now, than when I first set out; so that instead of advancing, as a common writer, in my work with what I have been doing at it—on the contrary, I am just thrown so many volumes back—
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|Those at too great a distance may, I am well are, mistake ignorance for perspective.
Brian Regan|Before we left home, my hair had already started to fall apart. I decided to pull it into a bun high on my head and attach one of those fake hair things that look like a nest of cute curls. I slapped a tiara on my head and was good to go. I had my weave, my girdle, and my tiara. I was ready to party!
Elizabeth Morgan, Creak|Right, I can't watch this shit." Kacey grunted as he got up. "It's one thing getting a hard-on over you, baby girl. The fact that Tyler happens to be in the picture…I'm freaking slightly.
George Sand, George Sand: A Biography|There's no such thing as coincidences, only incidences with a twist.
Phil Collins|So, when you divide the world into music lovers, music fans and then those people who are just very casual about their music, it's wallpaper to them, it's elevator music, it's just the thing that's playing in the background that helps them through their day.
Michael   Lewis, Moneyball: The Art of Winning an Unfair Game|Faith, for me, isn't an argument, a catechism, a philosophical “proof.” It is instead a lens, a way of experiencing life, and a willingness to act.
Herman Ebbinghaus|Psychology has a long past, but only a short history
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|In a world as noisy as ours, only those who can isolate themselves will be able to think better and meditate better and hence have a higher chance of receiving innovative ideas and concepts.
Mark Twain, The Innocents Abroad|We wish to learn all the curious, outlandish ways of all the different countries, so that we can "show off" and astonish people when we get home. We wish to excite the envy of our untraveled friends with our strange foreign fashions which we can't shake off.
Steven Pinker|As a spiritual person, nature for me has always been a healing place. Going back all the way to my childhood on the farm, the fields and forests were places of adventure and self-discovery. Animals were companions and friends, and the world moved at a slower, more rational pace than the bustling cities where I'd resided my adult life.
Nhat Hanh|My grandmother spent her whole life working as a maid, a cook and a babysitter, barely scraping by, but still working hard to give my mother, her only child, a chance in life, so that my mother could give my brother and me an even better one.
Polkadot|Everything around us is made up of matter so small, its mass cannot be written down. You're either an atom, or a cell. These things are super small, but they join and function together to create something powerful. It reminds me of love; its always the small things that are done that makes a person feel like they're made of something.
Ian Doescher|If we wish to know the force of human genius we should read Shakespeare. If we wish to see the insignificance of human learning we may only study his commentators. ["On the Ignorance of the Learned"]
Ernest Hemingway|When you have two people who love each other, are happy and gay and really good work is being done by one or both of them, people are drawn to them as surely as migrating birds are drawn at night to a powerful beacon.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Physical touch is one of my primary love languages. For those of us who share this love language, touching is an endearing gesture of affection, appreciation, and connection. It is not intended to be inappropriate in any way when we hug you upon meeting, pat your back, or squeeze your arm. For us, it is an enthusiastic demonstration of friendship. However, there are many people who do NOT like to be touched—men or women. In spite of our good intentions, touching can make others feel awkward, offended, and in the worst-case scenario, violated. It is crucial to be vigilant and socially aware enough that you can read people’s cues to know when to pull back and contain yourself.
Deyth Banger|First solve the problem. Then, write the code.
Jill Abramson|If you listen to the radio, it's all men who are emotional and women who are sexual. There's nothing wrong with that! It definitely should be the case, but it makes me sad that women are afraid to be emotional because it makes them look weak.
Michael McGirr, The Lost Art of Sleep|People with jutting jaws are more likely to have open throats and hence be less susceptible to snoring and sleep apnoea. Chris Worsnop points out that superheroes such as Superman and Batman are often drawn with strong jutting jaws, a feature which, since the time we lived in caves, has been seen as attractive to women. The reason women may be attracted to jutting jaws may have nothing to do with jutting biceps or jutting anything else; it simply makes it less likely they will have to put up with snoring.
Shinmon Aoki, Coffinman: The Journal of a Buddhist Mortician|First, rely on the spirit and meaning of the teachings, not on the words;Second, rely on the teachings, not on the personality of the teacher;Third, rely on real wisdom, not superficial interpretation;And fourth, rely on the essence of your pure Wisdom Mind, not on judgmental perceptions.
Laure Eve, The Graces|I remember only images, snapshots burned into me, bleeding into each other until I no longer knew the order in which they had happen.
Kabir|In medieval India, the Hindu Vaishnava system of bhakti-yoga (devotional yoga) developed highly sophisticated categories of relation (rasa) to God, including santa (awe and reverence), vatsalya (parental attitude toward God), dasya (servant of God), sakhya (being friends and playmates with God), and madburya (passionate, romantic love).
Joan Didion, Slouching Towards Bethlehem|I can pretend to be brave, but I'm not
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|Many people, meeting Aziraphale for the first time, formed three impressions: that he was English, that he was intelligent, and that he was gayer than a treeful of monkeys on nitrous oxide.
Stefan Molyneux|The welfare of the people in particular has always been the alibi of tyrants, and it provides the further advantage of giving the servants of tyranny a good conscience.
Virginia Graham, Consider the Years|Only his eyes remain the same. Bronze, red-gold, like iron brought to blazing heat.
Edward S. Greenberg, The Struggle for Democracy|The instatement of the One Religion was surely the Magnates’ most cunning move: a device through which they were able to access and harness the incalculable power of the people’s spiritual fervor… Elijah could imagine the Magnates taking cold pleasure in their handicraft. Where chaos ruled, people both high and low were easy to manipulate.
Charles R. Swindoll, Rise & Shine: A Wake Up Call|Believe me, once you have tasted worship—the kind of worship that captures your heart and rivets your full attention on the living Lord—nothing less satisfies. Nothing else even comes close. Once you have tasted true worship, you will never want to play church again.
Kate Klise|We spend a lot of time on Skype and other video interviews, and it's funny how many people will prepare for a Skype interview by wearing a formal suit jacket with pajama pants on the bottom. Then suddenly, someone is at the door, and you have to get up, and you realize you're wearing reindeer boxers. Just put pants on.
Matthew Lee Anderson, Earthen Vessels: Why Our Bodies Matter To Our Faith|The debt we owe our parents can never be squared, and jolly good too, because doing so would threaten to nullify all relationship, all emotional commerce between the two generations. Being in debt, just like being in credit, means an active interest applies between the two parties and, once the debt is taken care of, the interest is bound to wane.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|Things of themselves cannot touch the soul at all. They have no entry to the soul, and cannot turn or move it. The soul alone turns and moves itself, making all externals presented to it cohere with the judgements it thinks worthy of itself.
Virginia Woolf, To the Lighthouse|About here, she thought, dabbling her fingers in the water, a ship had sunk, and she muttered, dreamily half asleep, how we perished, each alone.
Friedrich Nietzsche|He who has attained the freedom of reason to any extent cannot, for a long time, regard himself otherwise than as a wanderer on the face of the earth - and not even as a traveler towards a final goal, for there is no such thing. But he certainly wants to observe and keep his eyes open to whatever actually happens in the world; therefore he cannot attach his heart too firmly to anything individual; he must have in himself something wandering that takes pleasure in change and transitoriness.
Stevenson Willis, Thes Proverbs of Leadership|The mind is a storehouse with great capacity, but is often filled with dubious knowledge and meaningless trivialities. In truth, much of this - though at times interesting and entertaining - is of insignificant value.
Rey Mysterio|I always kept the fans happy. They always saw a different Rey, whether it was a mask, a design, a color. I never gave them the same thing twice and always kept them on their feet. They were always excited to see what Rey was going to bring to the table.
Jacob deGrom|I think all of us are thankful every day we get to put this uniform on, and we play this game. So try not to take any days for granted. Every time you take the field, give a hundred percent and leave it all out there.
Adam Leith Gollner, The Fruit Hunters: A Story of Nature, Adventure, Commerce, and Obsession|After a while I got hungry and went to the kitchen. There was nothing to eat. I drank another beer and looked again, and found half a loaf of whole wheat bread behind the beer in the back of the refrigerator...
Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey|Already, I seemed to feel my intellect deteriorating, my heart petrifying, my soul contracting; and Itrembled lest my very moral perceptions should become deadened, my distinctions of right and wrong confounded, and all my better faculties be sunk, at last, beneath the baneful influence of such a mode of life. The gross vapors of earth were gathering around me, and closing in upon my inward heaven; and thus it was that Mr. Weston rose at length upon me, appearing like the morning star in my horizon, to save me from the fear of utter darkness; and I rejoiced that I now had a subject for contemplation that was above me, not beneath.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby|They’re a rotten crowd’, I shouted across the lawn. ‘You’re worth the whole damn bunch put together.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Without our Spiritual nature, life's a gift we can never fully unwrap."~ With Thine Own Eyes: Why Imitate the Past, When We Can Investigate Reality?
Ana Claudia Antunes, The Tao of Physical and Spiritual|A seeker of radical strenght Keeps everything on track, Feeble force yields at length, Not sure where to go back. When one can't find courage, And all the efforts seem vain, It's advised to fight like a sage: Be powerful like a bullet train! Too much work and no play Can make a brain go astray! Determined to live and stay Can lead life into a long way.
Adriana Mather, How to Hang a Witch|Remember this as long as you live: Whenever you meet up with anyone who is trying to cause trouble between people, anyone who tries to tell you that a man can't be a good American because he's a Catholic, or a Jew, a Protestant, or whatever, you can be pretty sure he's a rotten American himself. Not only a rotten American, but a rotten human being. Don't ever forget that.
E.M. Forster, Where Angels Fear to Tread|All a child's life depends on the ideal it has of its parents. Destroy that and everything goes - morals, behavior, everything. Absolute trust in someone else is the essence of education.
Dada Bhagwan|At the time of death, one says, ‘Dear Lord, extend my life for two more hours, so that a Gnani Purush [the enlightened one] comes and I can do his darshan.’ He complains in this way. Do not complain now. Why are you pleading now? When you had the control, you didn’t do anything and now that you no longer have the control, you are making demands?
Sam Crescent, Ugly|BLAKE: I’ve come to learn that people are going to hate you and like you, no matter what. I’d rather be around people I want to be around.
Jodi Picoult, Plain Truth|You can't shame a shameless man, you can only remind him of the awesome shit he's done.
Keith Ridgway, Hawthorn & Child|They couldn't talk. They were not good talkers, either of them. And once, long ago now, she had bought a notebook for a course. It lay empty and forgotten on the kitchen table until one afternoon, when she had gone out to the shops and he was worried that she would be killed by a bus or by lightning, he opened the notebook and he wrote lines about how he loved her, the way he loved her, about his fucking heart and crap like that, about his body brimful and his scrambled head. All that. She came back from the shops. He left the notebook where it was, and he didn't mention it. And it wasn't until about a week later that he noticed it again, and he flicked it open, and he saw his lines followed by lines from her. She'd written words that she had never said. He sat down. He read them over and over for a long time. Then he wrote a paragraph for her to find.
Dean Koontz, Odd Apocalypse|Were you always such a snake," the child asked, "or did you grow into what you are?
|There is a big difference between being busy and being productive. Regardless of how busy one is, one's success can only come from relentless productivity.
Henry Miller, Stand Still Like the Hummingbird|Everyone has his own reality in which, if one is not too cautious, timid or frightened, one swims. This is the only reality there is.
Matthieu Ricard|I believe that when you put a smile out there, you get a smile back.
Alena Graedon, The Word Exchange|What art does is give us the refinement, all the shades of meaning, of emoting, that we don’t have language for. What fascinates me about that is we’re talking about an art form in which your medium is language. It’s almost a paradox that you’re seeing. I want to give you emotion, that if I just relied on diction, I wouldn’t have language for it.
Jonny Greenwood|Music is the fourth great material want, first food, then clothes, then shelter, then music.
Neil Armstrong|Houston, Tranquillity Base here. The Eagle has landed.
Neil Gaiman, The View from the Cheap Seats: Selected Nonfiction|In truth, Kipling's politics are not mine. But then, it would be a poor sort of world if one were only able to read authors who expressed points of view that one agreed with entirely. It would be a bland sort of world if we could not spend time with people who thought differently, and who saw the world from a different place.
Michael Ruse|No, forget love, the best we can hope to mould, given the poor Play-Doh of humankind, is a capacity for tolerance. This is achievable since tolerance is little more than indifference with a Dulux coat of manners. Surely we can manage that? Call me a dreamer but I can see a world where people of all races, creeds and colour will live together in harmony because they don't give a toss about each other.
Gift Gugu Mona|God has been FAITHFUL to me, He still is and always will be; that's why I have FAITH in Him.
Greg Prato, Grunge Is Dead: The Oral History of Seattle Rock Music|--Thing is though, Spud, whin yir intae skag, that's it. That's aw yuv goat tae worry aboot. Ken Billy, ma brar, likes? He's jist signed up tae go back intae the fuckin army. He's gaun tae fucking Belfast, the stupid cunt. Ah always knew that the fucker wis tapped. Fuckin imperialist lackey. Ken whit the daft cunt turned roond n sais tae us? He goes: Ah cannae fuckin stick civvy street. Bein in the army, it's like being a junky. The only difference is thit ye dinnae git shot at sae often bein a junky. Besides, it's usually you that does the shootin.--That, eh, likesay, seems a bit eh, fucked up like man. Ken?--Naw but, listen the now. You jist think aboot it. In the army they dae everything fir they daft cunts. Feed thum, gie the cunts cheap bevvy in scabby camp clubs tae keep thum fae gaun intae toon n lowerin the fuckin tone, upsetting the locals n that. Whin they git intae civvy street, thuv goat tae dae it aw fir thumsells.--Yeah, but likesay, it's different though, cause . . . Spud tries to cut in, but Renton is in full flight. A bottle in the face is the only thing that could shut him up at this point; even then only for a few seconds.--Uh, uh . . . wait a minute, mate. Hear us oot. Listen tae whit ah've goat tae say here . . . what the fuck wis ah sayin . . . aye! Right. Whin yir oan junk, aw ye worry aboot is scorin. Oaf the gear, ye worry aboot loads ay things. Nae money, cannae git pished. Goat money, drinkin too much. Cannae git a burd, nae chance ay a ride. Git a burd, too much hassle, cannae breathe withoot her gittin oan yir case. Either that, or ye blow it, and feel aw guilty. Ye worry aboot bills, food, bailiffs, these Jambo Nazi scum beatin us, aw the things that ye couldnae gie a fuck aboot whin yuv goat a real junk habit. Yuv just goat one thing tae worry aboot. The simplicity ay it aw. Ken whit ah mean?
Charles Darwin|To suppose that the eye with all its inimitable contrivances for adjusting the focus to different distances, for admitting different amounts of light, and for the correction of spherical and chromatic aberration, could have been formed by natural selection, seems, I confess, absurd in the highest degree...The difficulty of believing that a perfect and complex eye could be formed by natural selection , though insuperable by our imagination, should not be considered subversive of the theory.
Brené Brown|I feel that we are often taken out of our comfort zones, pushed and shoved out of our nests, because if not, we would never know what we could do with our wings, we would never see the horizon and the sun setting on it, we would never know that there's something far better beyond where we are at the moment. It can hurt, but then later you say "thank you." I have been pushed and shoved and have fallen out and away, so very, very, many, many times! And others around me have not! But then, the others haven't seen what I have seen or felt what I have felt or been who I have been, they can't become what I have become. I am me.
C. JoyBell C.|I swear, the best things come to me by accident! Or should I say, effortless destiny?
D.L. Hess, Sir|The kiss is different than I expected. It’s slow and tender, his lips soft and warm against mine. He tastes sweet, like the powdered sugar I spilt and the coffee with chicory he’s always drinking. It’s a perfect first kiss.
Deepak Chopra, The Book of Secrets: Unlocking the Hidden Dimensions of Your Life|it’s as if the universe has a sense of humor, since at a deep level it’s impossible not to lead a spiritual life…the universe is living through you at this moment. with or without belief in god, the chain of events leading from silent awareness to physical reality remains intact.
Alberto Caeiro, The Collected Poems of Alberto Caeiro|I’m in no hurry: the sun and the moon aren’t, either.Nobody goes faster than the legs they have.If where I want to go is far away, I’m not there in an instant.
Martin E.P. Seligman|When our grandparents failed, they had comfortable spiritual furniture to rest in. They had, for the most part, their relationship to God, their relationship to a nation they loved, their relationship to a community and a large extended family. Faith in God, community, nation, and the large extended family have all eroded in the last forty years, and the spiritual furniture that we used to sit in has become threadbare.
Curtis Stone|Exercise is more important than diet for me because it's a twofer. It keeps me in good physical shape, and it relieves stress. And when you're a representative of the public, there's never a shortage of things to do.
Geralyn Lucas, Why I Wore Lipstick: To My Mastectomy|When you walk this earth on borrowed time, each day on the calendar is a beloved friend you know for only a short time.
Nrane Saroyan|And in the end you will realise that everything you did, you did for you and for the people like you...
Henry Miller|There is the happiness which comes from creative effort. The joy of dreaming, creating, building, whether in painting a picture, writing an epic, singing a song, composing a symphony, devising new invention, creating a vast industry.
Roma Downey, Son of God|He (Peter) doesn't know if he's looking into the eyes of a madman, or the eyes of a King.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|As I stood in front of the mirror in the beautiful little black dress, I knew that I was looking at a woman whom I would never see again. I wished I had never seen her in the first place, but the truth is she had always been there. I was being dishonest to myself by pretending that she hadn't.
Greg Rutherford|Don't use your advance to buy an antique sports car, diamonds by the yard, or a bottle of wine from Thomas Jefferson's cellar instead of investing in your book.
Alain de Botton|Patriotism is when love of your own people comes first; nationalism, when hate for people other than your own comes first.
Edwin Hubbel Chapin|Before I begin talking about the threats we face, the vulnerabilities that we have, and frankly the courage of the men and women in uniform that stand in harm's way on behalf of a very grateful Nation, let me first honor the sacrifices of September 11.
Karen Marie Moning, Shadowfever|Barrons: "He got upset it wouldn't shut up and tore its head off."Mac: "The child?" I gasped
Stephen King, The Gunslinger|I read this over today, for the first time since I wrote it. It's full of nostalgia, every word loaded with it, although at the time I wrote it I thought I was being 'objective.' Nostalgia for what? I don't know. Because I'd rather die than have to live through any of that again. And the 'Anna' of that time is like an enemy, or like an old friend one has known too well and doesn't want to see.
Emily Arden, Lover by Moonlight: Deception: Book One|It was a perfect moment and she was shocked to feel a tear roll slowly down her cheek. The warm droplet reached his finger where it lay against her skin, and even though it was far too dark to see anything clearly, she sensed that he was bringing it up to his mouth.
Sara Shepard, Pretty Little Liars|The wise thing is for us diligently to train ourselves to lie thoughtfully, judiciously; to lie with a good object, and not an evil one; to lie for others' advantage, and not our own; to lie healingly, charitably, humanely, not cruelly, hurtfully, maliciously; to lie gracefully and graciously, not awkwardly and clumsily; to lie firmly, frankly, squarely, with head erect, not haltingly, tortuously, with pusillanimous mien, as being ashamed of our high calling.
Quentin Tarantino|Pick up a camera. Shoot something. No matter how small, no matter how cheesy, no matter whether your friends and your sister star in it. Put your name on it as director. Now you're a director. Everything after that you're just negotiating your budget and your fee.
D. B. Sweeney|I was going to be a teacher. I was applying to graduate school when I got the call to do 'Same Love,' actually. I was gonna go to Boston University for my masters in teaching.
Jamie Farrell, Matched|And this, my friends, is how love f*cks up your life.
Friedrich Nietzsche|A woman who is willing to be herself and pursue her own potential runs not so much the risk of loneliness, as the challenge of exposure to more interesting men - and people in general.
Augustus Y. Napier, The Family Crucible: The Intense Experience of Family Therapy|When Carl asked the Brices to bring their whole family to therapy, everyone in the family knew intuitively what that meant. Their whole world would be exposed: all its caring, its history, its anger, its anxiety. All in one place at once time, subject to the scrutiny and invasion of a stranger. And that was too much vulnerability. With its own unconscious wisdom, the family elected Don to stay home and test the therapists. Did we really mean everybody? Would we weaken and capitulate if they didn't bring Don?They had something to gain by the strategy. If we were hesitant and unconfident in our approach to their defiance, they would know that they could not trust us with the boiling cauldron of feeling which their family contained. If we were decisive and firm, they would guess that maybe we could handle the stresses which they intuitively knew had to be brought out into the open. One way or another, they had to find out how much power we had. In the meantime, they postponed facing that mysterious electricity, that critical mass, the whole family. Perhaps they thought they could be spared what Zorba called the full catastrophe.
Laura Cereta|It’s not the people in your life that tell you what you want to hear, it's the people in your life that tell you the truth that count.
Jennifer Brown|But now the other half of "us" was gone and, lying there in my shadowy room, I'd be struck with this realization that I had no clue how to be just me again.
Kristin Granger|I harken to the call of my heart, embracing the depth that flows liquid ambered and animal soft within my cells.The dark abyss of denial has always been a poor mans trade for the guiding light of emotional wisdom.This crust of mortal skin is baptised with tear streaked holy waters. I rise to my heart with an uncommon courage and wade soul deep.Tissue thin ripples of redemption drift across the pain towards my future self, bathing me in hope. I rise and step closer to all that I AM.Kristin Granger
Jennifer E. Smith, The Statistical Probability of Love at First Sight|There's always a gap between the burn and the sting of it, the pain and the realization...You can't survive a rift that big without it leaving a mark.
Brian  Doyle, The Plover|...people would tell you much more than you expected to if you were generically presentable and left silence next to them like a friendly stranger; it was like they were waiting for some friendly silence so they could fill it with words; and words were useful, words were hints and intimations, words were fingers pointed in certain directions, if you listened carefully..
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The soul is a cloister, its parameters frame both realized and failed dreams.
John Swinton, Becoming Friends of Time: Disability, Timefullness, and Gentle Discipleship|God's time is slow, patient, and kind and welcomes friendship; it is a way of being in the fullness of time that is not determined by productivity, success, or linear movements toward personal goals. It is a way of love, a way of the heart.
Amitabh Bachchan|All relationships change the brain - but most important are the intimate bonds that foster or fail us, altering the delicate circuits that shape memories, emotions and that ultimate souvenir, the self.
Tarryn Fisher, F*ck Love|There was a hazy damp film in his eyes that I recognized from emotions in old movies, projected large on darkened screens.
Maurice Maeterlinck, The Treasure of the humble|On days when it was too hot, they did not leave their room. The dazzling brilliance from outside plastered bars of light between the slats of the blinds. Not a sound in the village. Down below, on the sidewalk, no one. This spreading silence increased the tranquility of things. In the distance, the caulkers’ hammers tamped the hulls, and a heavy breeze brought the smell of tar.
Suzanne Brockmann, Into the Night|There are two ways of spreading light to be candle,or the mirror that reflects it.
S. Thomas Kaza|... when I see kings lying by those who deposed them,... or holy men that divided the world with their contests and disputes, I reflect with sorrow and astonishment on the little competitions, factions, and debates of mankind.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Never be complacent about the current steps; don't agree and follow the status quo. Be determined that you are making an indelible impact with great change. Now, dress up and go to make it happen!
Connor Franta|A lot of people have their big dreams and get knocked down and don't have things go their way. And you never give up hope, and you really just hold on to it. Hard work and perserverance. You just keep getting up and getting up, and then you get that breakthrough.
Jack Kerouac|Life is a cosmic grab-bag. At this moment, somewhere in the world, someone is losing a child, skiing down a mountain, having an orgasm, getting a haircut, lying on a bed of pain, singing on a stage, drowning, getting married, starving in a gutter. In the end, aren't we all that same person? An aeon is a thousand million years, and an aeon ago every atom in our bodies was a part of a star. Pay attention to me, God. We are all a part of your universe, and if we die, part of your universe dies with us.
James Cameron|Vision gets the dreams started. Dreaming employs your God-given imagination to reinforce the vision. Both are part of something I believe is absolutely necessary to building the life of a champion, a winner, a person of high character who is consistently at the top of whatever game he or she is in.
Edmund S. Morgan|Stone should last forever, but on that night I came to understand that a stone was only another form of dust. Streams of holy dust loomed in the air, and every breath included remnants of the Temple, so that we inhaled that which was meant to stand through eternity.
Stephen Richards|When you fight yourself to discover the real you, there is only one winner.
