Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|While it did smash, breaking a bottle over someone’s head requires a lot more force than movies had led me to believe.
Joseph Zobel|In water so fine, a few minutes of bad memory all but disappear downstream, washed away by ten thousand belly busters, a million cannonballs. Paradise was never heaven-high when I was a boy but waist-deep, an oasis of cutoff blue jeans and raggedy Converse sneakers, sweating bottles of Nehi Grape and Orange Crush, and this stream. I remember the antidote of icy water against my blistered skin, and the taste of mushy tomato and mayonnaise sandwiches, unwrapped from twice-used aluminum foil. I saw my first water moccasin here, and my first real girl, and being a child of the foot washers I have sometimes wondered if this was my Eden, and my serpent. If it was, I didn't hold out any longer than that first poor fool did.
Haruki Murakami, Sputnik Sweetheart|As long as men massacre animals, they will kill each other. Indeed, he who sows the seeds of murder and pain cannot reap the joy of love.
Yōko Ogawa, The Housekeeper and the Professor|Increasingly, the mathematics will demand the courage to face its implications.
Henry Ward Beecher|Every success story has a parent who says, 'over my dead body.' Every success story has an old person who walks up to you and says, when you're acting the fool, 'you know I worry about you sometimes.'
Russell Brand|Just because you may live your life in recovery, surely doesn't mean the PARTY IS OVER, Nope!, it just means you can remember what you DID LAST NIGHT!".LOL
Martin Luther King Jr., Strength to Love|Years later, after other experiences with dogs, I wondered if their species were shaped and charmed to serve as four-legged guides able to assist in leading humanity back to our first—and lost—home. By the example of their joy and humility, by wanting nothing more than food and play and love, by the deep satisfaction that they take from those humble things, they belie all creeds of power and fame. Although they have the teeth to tear, it is by swish of tail and yearning eyes that they most easily get what they want.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|Lies can be formed from truth, but truth cannot be formed from lies.
Thomas Mann, Buddenbrooks: The Decline of a Family|When you see a picture of the ocean, it's cut off at the edges. You know it goes on and on to the right and on and on to the left, but you never really know how it feels to see that until you actually do see it.
John Paul Warren|Grace is not a little prayer you say before you eat. It is a way of life. Eph 2:8,9
Georgia Clark|Part of why I love New York so deeply is exactly this elusiveness. This refusal to be caught is what allows it to carry such fantasy, mystery and myth, yet also be home. It is simultaneously no one's city and everyone's city.
Douglas Coupland, Player One: What Is to Become of Us|By the age of twenty, you know you're not going to be a rock star. By twenty-five, you know you're not going to be a dentist or any kind of professional. And by thirty, darkness starts moving in- you wonder if you're ever going to be fulfilled, let alone wealthy and successful. By thirty-five, you know, basically, what you're going to be doing for the rest of your life, and you become resigned to your fate......I mean, why do people live so long? What could be the difference between death at fifty-five and death at sixty-five or seventy-five or eighty-five? Those extra years... what benefit could they possibly have? Why do we go on living even though nothing new happens, nothing new is learned, and nothing new is transmitted? At fifty-five, your story's pretty much over.
Britney Spears|I play a musical instrument a little, but only for my own amazement.
J.R. Rim, Write like no one is reading 2|Echo is my life. My life. I lover her. If there's a chance I can make her happy... If I can save what's between us... I'll do it, so fucking tell me!
Eleanor Roosevelt|This is your life, not someone else's. It is your own feeling of what is important, not what people will say. Sooner or later, you are bound to discover that you cannot please all of the people around you all of the time. Some of t hem will attribute to you motives you never dreamed of. Some of them will misinterpret your words and actions, making them completely alien to you. So you had better learn fairly early that you must not expect to have everyone understand what you say and what you do.
Susan Orlean|I remember being at Greenblatt's on Sunset, and some guy just walked straight up to me, and he had some bling on and whatever, and said something about a party down in Malibu and asked if I would jump in his car and go to the party. All I could think was, 'Who are you? I don't know you, and I don't care about how good your car is.'
Tobias Jesso, Jr.|To me, the most romantic gesture is a quiet night with my girl. I like to cook for her. I'm a meat eater and a griller - I do steaks, I do chicken, I do fish. I have a broad palate!
Franny Billingsley, Chime|One can have a wit, but not a witless
Nikos Kazantzakis|Stories hold conflict and contrast, highs and lows, life and death, and the human struggle and all kinds of things.
Paul Bloom|Deceive not thy physician, confessor, nor lawyer.
James Hain Friswell|Our house was an old Tudor mansion. My father was very particular in keeping the smallest peculiarities of his home unaltered. Thus the many peaks and gables, the numerous turrets, and the mullioned windows with their quaint lozenge panes set in lead, remained very nearly as they had been three centuries back. Over and above the quaint melancholy of our dwelling, with the deep woods of its park and the sullen waters of the mere, our neighborhood was thinly peopled and primitive, and the people round us were ignorant, and tenacious of ancient ideas and traditions. Thus it was a superstitious atmosphere that we children were reared in, and we heard, from our infancy, countless tales of horror, some mere fables doubtless, others legends of dark deeds of the olden time, exaggerated by credulity and the love of the marvelous. ("Horror: A True Tale")
Ralph Waldo Emerson, The Poet|A poet is a musician that can't sing. Words have to find a man's mind before they can touch his heart, and some men's minds are woeful small targets. Music touches their hearts directly no matter how small or stubborn the mind of the man who listens.
Alain de Botton, The Architecture of Happiness|It is in dialogue with pain that many beautiful things acquire their value. Acquaintance with grief turns out to be one of the more unusual prerequisites of architectural appreciation. We might, quite aside from all other requirements, need to be a little sad before buildings can properly touch us.
Jules Michelet, Joan of Arc|It is our harsh fate on earth that body and soul should be so closely bound together; that the soul should have to drag the body along, should be exposed to its vicissitudes, should even respond to them. This primal curse has always weighed heavily upon us; but how much more heavily under a religious law which compels us to endure this outrageous condition; which will not permit our honor, when it is imperiled, to save itself by casting aside the body, and seeking refuge in the world of the spirit!
David Walton|It's not that our family has no taste, it's just that our family's taste is inconsistent.
Sung Kang|I think success is finding happiness! Everyone certainly has different goals in life, and things that are important to them, and also things that are not important to them.
Scott Edmund Miller|I now inhabit a life I don't deserve, but we all walk this earth feeling we are frauds. The trick is to be grateful and hope the caper doesn't end any time soon
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Great life, great deeds.
Chuck Klosterman, But What If We're Wrong? Thinking About the Present As If It Were the Past|We spend our lives learning many things, only to discover (again and again) that most of what we've learned is either wrong or irrelevant. A big part of our mind can handle this; a smaller, deeper part cannot. And it's that smaller part that matters more, because that part of our mind is who we really are (whether we like it or not).
James Castleton, MD, Mending of a Broken Heart|Too many seek the “good” life, whereas only a life of meaning will satisfy the existential ache within our breasts that begs the question of why we are here, what we are to do with this life, and according to what principles we are to live. This is a question best answered at the beginning, not at the end, of our lives, for the answer will determine not only the direction of our lives but also whether we will die in comfort and peace or in hopelessness and despair.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Everywhere I travel to, there is my home.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Lectures to My Students|Watch for subjects as you go but the city or the country. Keep your eyes and ears open, and you will hear and see angels.
Uday Mukerji, Love, Life, and Logic|Like we all sync our watches every year, at the start and at the end of daylight saving time, we also need to sync our relationships once in a while.
Stefan D|- Daddy won’t buy me a new pony, so I’m gonna burn my old one so he will have to buy me a new one. - Will a horse do? I'm a horse. I'm a horse. Yes, of course. Yes, of course. (That's a little children's poem.).-Jarod Kintz and Stefan D
Russell D. Moore|sexuality isn’t ancillary to Christianity, in the way some other cultural or political issues are. Marriage and sex point, the Bible says, to a picture of the gospel itself, the union of Christ and his church. This is why the Bible spends so much time, as some critics would put it, “obsessed” with sex. That’s why, historically, churches that liberalize on sex tend to liberalize themselves right out of Christianity itself.
Angela Carter, Burning Your Boats: The Collected Short Stories|Memory is the grid of meaning we impose on the random and bewildering flux of the world. Memory is the line we pay out behind us as we travel through time--it is the clue, like Ariadne's, which means we do not lose our way. Memory is the lasso with which we capture the past and haul it from chaos towards us in nicely ordered sequences, like those of baroque keyboard music.
Mark Twain|The Prayer of the Middle-Aged ManAmid the doctors in the Temple at twelve, between mother & host at Cana implored too soon, in the middle of disciples, the midst of the mob, between High-Priest and Procurator, among the occupiers,between the malefactors, and 'stetit in medio, et dixit, pax vobis' and 'ascensit ad mediam Personarum et caelorum,' dear my Lord,mercy a sinner nailed dead-centre too, pray not to late,-for also Ezra stood between the seven & the six, restoring the new Law.
Christopher Caldwell|If you're a boss, and not a leader, your time is limited.
Diana Rose Morcilla|Put emotions to thoughts. Thoughts to words. Words to paragraphs. Paragraphs to pictures. Let your mind be known, heard and seen. Your thoughts are real as it could be.
Henry Kissinger|It's not the style that motivates me, as much as an attitude of openness that I have when I go into a project.
Jean Burden, Celebration Of Cats|Nathanial can show me how to better control the change, but even so, you never have to worry about me turning into a cat again. Didn't you know, I'm allergic to cats.
Bruce Robinson, Withnail and I: the Original Screenplay|Even amidst tragedy there is laughter, sometimes farce. The degree of farce depends on who is running the tragedy.
Christopher Lombardo, Death by Umbrella! The 100 Weirdest Horror Movie Weapons|This thing was what existed before life, before the first stars, before the big bang. It was the emptiness before the universe, and the emptiness that would follow.
Albert Camus|In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer.
Alice Hoffman, The Marriage of Opposites|My visage high above your city,Shines like gold, but half as pretty.Arms I've none, but hands I've two:Mondo, mini, black not blue.Climb my stairs and have no fears, All that threatens are my gears.Tucked beneath the mightly wheel,An envelpe shall truth reveal.
Auliq Ice|We need to have a measure of love and freedom at all times, even with the ones we love much in our lives.
Dean Koontz, Odd Thomas|Kusanagi had met plenty of good, admirable people who’d been turned into murderers by circumstance. There was something about them he always seemed to sense, an aura that they shared. Somehow, their transgression freed them from the confines of a mortal existence, allowing them to perceive the great truths of the universe. At the same time, it meant they had one foot in forbidden territory. They straddled the line between sanity and madness.
Shahenshah Hafeez Khan|Work like playing a video game, we can't move to a higher level by skipping or being bad at lower levels, the lower levels are made easy to polish our skill sets & analytic skills, like a video game treat even the daily routine work as a preparation to be battle worthy for the tougher stages, never pick & chose the occasion or situation to perform better.
Lysander Spooner|A people can prosper under a very bad government and suffer under a very good one, if in the first case the local administration is effective and in the second it is inefficient.
The Hippie, Snowflake Obsidian: Memoir of a Cutter|The best thing about coming out is, it's totally liberating. You feel like you've made this incredible discovery about yourself and you want to share it and be open and honest and not spend all your time wondering how is this person going to react, or should I be careful around this person, or what will the neighbors say? And it's more. It's about getting past the question of what's wrong with me, to knowing there's nothing wrong, that you were born this way. You're a normal person and a beautiful person and you should be proud of who you are. You deserve to live with dignity and show people your pride.
Jennifer duBois, Cartwheel|And anyway, the anticipation was always worse than the thing itself - the anticipation and the memory, of course. And the anticipation of the memory was maybe the worst part of all.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|I don't believe in dreams that don't evolve, if your potential develops all the time, how is it possible that your dreams stay the same.
Ed Koch|And so you touch this limit, something happens and you suddenly can go a little bit further. With your mind power, your determination, your instinct, and the experience as well, you can fly very high.
Jayson Zabate|Falderson," he said quietly to Bahzell in passable Navahkan, "is as stupid as the day is long." He craned his neck to gaze up at the hradani and shook his head. "In fact, he's even stupider than I thought. You, sir, are the biggest damned hradani-no offense-I think I've ever seen.
Anais Torres, Being Brave Again|Two-thirty comes during Testifying. It's Janine, telling about how she was gang-raped at fourteen and had an abortion.But whose fault was it? Aunt Helena says, holding up one plump finger. Her fault, her fault, her fault. We chant in unison. Who led them on? She did. She did. She did. Why did God allow such a terrible thing to happen? Teach her a lesson. Teach her a lesson. Teach her a lesson.
Peter Watts, Echopraxia|My hands trembled, so I took a deep drag to calm my frayed nerves. I just wanted to forget that terrible sight, but questions multiplied in my mind as the smoke furled.
Alexis York Lumbard|Although people all over the world pray in different ways, it is to each heart the most precious light.
Geoffrey Miller, The Mating Mind: How Sexual Choice Shaped the Evolution of Human Nature|Existing political philosophies all developed before evolutionary game theory, so they do not take equilibrium selection into account. Socialism pretends that individuals are not selfish sexual competitors, so it ignores equilibria altogether. Conservatism pretends that there is only one possible equilibrium—a nostalgic version of the status quo—that society could play. Libertarianism ignores the possibility of equilibrium selection at the level of rational social discourse, and assumes that decentralized market dynamics will magically lead to equilibria that yield the highest aggregate social benefits. Far from being a scientific front for a particular set of political views, modern evolutionary psychology makes most standard views look simplistic and unimaginitive.
Emma Cline, The Girls|Poor Sasha. Poor girls. The world fattens them on the promise of live. How badly they need it, and how little most of them will ever get. The treacled pop songs, the dresses described in the catalogs with words like 'sunset' and 'Paris.' Then the dreams are taken away with such violent force; the hand wrenching the buttons of the jeans, nobody looking at the man shouting at his girlfriend on the bus
James J. Houts|In 2008, when almost every other investor got crushed, and even the Wall Street 'experts' were down by almost half, I was up 17 percent - beating the S&P Average by over 50 percent.Reminiscences of a Stock Market Flea
Takashi Hiraide|If psychics are real, it implies that the universe is far vaster and stranger than conventional perception would state. If psychics can talk to the dead, that removes the sting of mortality and loss. It also suggests there is predestination, a way to cheat the vagaries of Fate with foreknowledge. The cost for believing in them is tiny indeed compared to that.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|While silently brooding, I am drawn to the start of a sweet melody that travels to my ear from afar. I smile, reminded that my heart can dance when my feet can't.
G.S. Jennsen, Sidespace|Semantics, Admiral. I’d appreciate an honest answer.”“I’d appreciate a multitude of honest answers, but I rarely expect to receive them.” Miriam sighed; the verbal tete-a-tete was growing tiresome. Time to bring an end to it with, ironically, honesty.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|There is no such thing as constructive criticism. There is constructive advice, constructive guidance, constructive counsel, encouragement, suggestion, and instruction. Criticism, however, is not constructive but a destructive means of faultfinding that cripples all parties involved. Don't be fooled into thinking otherwise.
George Orwell|we are human beings, we are born full of guilt; we feel terrified when happiness becomes a real possibility.
Meredith Duran, Wicked Becomes You|It was more than just material prosperity. America in 1960 was a country where restraint and boundaries were the natural conditions in all arenas. People married younger and stayed married; even with those added twenty-eight million, there were fewer divorces in 1960 than there had been a decade earlier. People did not have children unless they were married—only 2.5 percent of children were born out of wedlock, though the number in black households was disturbingly high—some 20 percent.
Michael Zadoorian, The Leisure Seeker|I think about what the man at the Coney joint said. He was right. We are the people who stay. We stay in our homes and pay them off. We stay at our jobs. We do our thirty and come home to stay even more. We stay until we are no longer able to mow our lawns and our gutters sag with saplings, until our houses look haunted to the neighborhood children. We like it where we are. I guess then the other question is: Why do we even travel? There can only be one answer to that: we travel to appreciate home. (p.97)
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Chaos|Hey, Ethan.""Yeah?""Remember the Twinkie on the bus? The one I gave you in second grade, the day we met?""The one you found on the floor and gave me without telling me? Nice."He grinned and shot the ball. "It never really fell on the floor. I made that part up.
Ann Brashares, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants|People are afraid of themselves, nowadays. They have forgotten the highest of all duties, the duty that one owes to one's self. Of course, they are charitable. They feed the hungry and clothe the beggar. But their own souls starve, and are naked. Courage has gone out of our race. Perhaps we never really had it. The terror of society, which is the basis of morals, the terror of God, which is the secret of religion—these are the two things that govern us. And yet—
David Almond, My Name Is Mina|And what is wrong with playing with words? Words love to be played with, just like children or kittens do!
Agatha Christie, Murder in the Mews|How well you express it! That is exactly the curse of a politician's life. He has to bow to the country's feeling, however dangerous and foolhardy he knows it to be.
Mindy Kaling|It's only young people who make giant, life-altering decisions based on what other people might think, and it's because they don't see their own death looming. Their fear is, "Will my family, friends and lovers admire me?" whereas an older person's fear is that vision of themselves lying in a hospital bed, a breathing tube up their nose and the thought running through their heads, "Why didn't I at least try to do what I wanted to do, while I had the chance?
Priya Ardis, Ever My Merlin|If you keep waiting for the right time, it may never happen. Sometimes you have to make the most of the time you have.
Dorothy Allison|I want hard stories, I demand them from myself. Hard stories are worth the difficulty. It seems to me the only way I have forgiven anything, understood anything, is through that process of opening up to my own terror and pain and reexamining it, re-creating it in the story, and making it something different, making it meaningful - even if the meaning is only in the act of the telling.
Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X|I believe in recognizing every human being as a human being--neither white, black, brown, or red; and when you are dealing with humanity as a family there's no question of integration or intermarriage. It's just one human being marrying another human being or one human being living around and with another human being.
Sri Chinmoy, The Jewels of Happiness: Inspiration and Wisdom to Guide Your Life-Journey|Mother! what a world of affection is comprised in that single word; how little do we in the giddy round of youthful pleasure and folly heed her wise counsels. How lightly do we look upon that zealous care with which she guides our otherwise erring feet, watches with feelings which none but a mother can know the gradual expansion of our youth to the riper yours of discretion. We may not think of it then, but it will be recalled to our minds in after years, when the gloomy grave or a fearful living separation has placed her far beyond our reach, and her sweet voice of sympathy and consolation for the various ills attendant upon us sounds in our ears no more. How deeply then we regret a thousand deeds that we have done contrary to her gentle admonitions! How we sign for those days once more, that we may retrieve what we have done amiss and make her kind heart glad with happiness! Alas! once gone they can never be recalled, and we grow mournfully sad with the bitter reflection.
S.M. Stevens|When you're in a show, all through rehearsals Tech Week hovers out there like a magical holy grail. In reality, Tech Week is always a train wreck of missed cues, forgotten lines, malfunctioning set pieces and short tempers.
Joseph Bruchac|The best teachers have showed me that things have to be done bit by bit. Nothing that means anything happens quickly--we only think it does. The motion of drawing back a bow and sending an arrow straight into a target takes only a split second, but it is a skill many years in the making. So it is with a life, anyone's life. I may list things that might be described as my accomplishments in these few pages, but they are only shadows of the larger truth, fragments separated from the whole cycle of becoming. And if I can tell an old-time story now about a man who is walking about, waudjoset ndatlokugan, a forest lodge man, alesakamigwi udlagwedewugan, it is because I spent many years walking about myself, listening to voices that came not just from the people but from animals and trees and stones.
lauren klarfeld|when you know that writing your own book of life is so difficult to begin with, the least you can do for someone else, is to try to read the pages of a person rather than skip through the chapters.
Alice Walker|And what, Socrates, is the food of the soul? Surely, I said, knowledge is the food of the soul.
Caroline A. Shearer, Where Is the Gift? Discovering the Blessing in Every Situation|Continuing to tell stories of shortage only continues to contradict your desire for abundance, and you cannot have it both ways: You cannot focus upon unwanted and recieve wanted. You cannot focus upon stories about money that make you feel uncomfortable and allow into your experience what makes you feel comfortable. A different story will bring different results: My thoughts are the basis for the attraction of all things that I consider to be good, which includes enough money, and health, for my comfort and joy.
Michel Houellebecq, Soumission|I have this dream that secretly all teenage girls feel exactly like me. And maybe one day, when we all realize that we all feel the same, we can all stop pretending to be something we're not.
Tucker Elliot, The Day Before 9/11|Always Sami. I was tethered to her somehow. To that scared little girl I’d found on the staircase nearly a year earlier; to the past, when teaching was simpler and I could care about everyday problems, when being relentless meant running two extra laps, not waiting for an MP to search the undercarriage of a bus for bombs before letting students approach it.
Rābiʻah al-ʻAdawīyah|O Allah! If I worship You for fear of Hell, burn me in Hell, and if I worship You in hope of Paradise, exclude me from Paradise. But if I worship You for Your Own sake, grudge me not Your everlasting Beauty.--Ya Allah, jika aku menyembahMu karena takut neraka, bakarlah aku di dalamnya, dan jika aku menyembahMu karena mengharap surga, campakkanlah aku darinya. Tetapi, jika aku menyembahMu demi Engkau semata, Janganlah Engkau enggan memperlihatkan keindahan wajahMu Yang abadi padaku.
Sonny Bill Williams|Actually, acting turned out to be the perfect job for me, because I had a lot of different interests. I thought about being a priest at one point. I thought about being a teacher. I thought about being a lawyer. But I think acting is probably the best job for me.
Joe Mari Fadrigalan|When you are in doubt and lost, to find the way, chose love.
Uchenna Durugo|Even the bravest of us loath war, and those who long for it are the most dangerous.
Aleksandra Layland, Bind Not the Heart: A Windflower Saga Novella|Into every life may come tragedy and triumph. Our goal is to meet both equally with serenity and radiant acquiescence. Yet even from the storm clouds of tragedy, rainbows can appear.
Christina Baldwin, Storycatcher: Making Sense of Our Lives through the Power and Practice of Story|If you just go get one of these little fine arts degrees or writing program degrees, it never forces you to confront your responsibility as narrator, whereas any of the social sciences make you at look the interaction between the storyteller and story. Hurston understood that. But then she and I write out of despised cultures that on some level we feel we're defending.
Bernard Manning|The best Christmas trees come very close to exceeding nature. If some of our great decorated trees had been grown in a remote forest area with lights that came on every evening as it grew dark, the whole world would come to look at them and marvel at the mystery of their great beauty.
C.S. Lewis|Struggle is the food from which change is made, and the best time to make the most of a struggle is when it's right in front of your face. Now, I know that might sound a bit simplistic. But, too often we're led to believe that struggling is a bad thing, or that we struggle because we're doing something wrong. I disagree. I look at struggle as an opportunity to grow. True struggle happens when you can sense what is not working for you and you're willing to take the appropriate action to correct the situation. Those who accomplish change are willing to engage the struggle.
Ty Roth, So Shelly|Your mistake is that you've concluded life is short, so you treat it as if it's precious, like a pretty little princess. Bullshit! Everyone's life is short. Quit feeling sorry for yourself. Fuck it. Treat it like a cheap hooker. Ask crazy shit from it, and you'll get more out of life than you could have ever wanted, imagined, or deserved.
Jude Morgan, Indiscretion|She sincerely wishes success, for her new life, and intends that no failure of effort, temper, or spirits on her part will jeopardise it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Giver of life, the Holy God.
B. Barmanbek, Culpa Innata|This director could say many things about duty, and self-respect, and dignity, but she knew none of these meant much in the post-modern world.
Jonathan Kieran|Christmas time! That man must be a misanthrope indeed, in whose breast something like a jovial feeling is not roused—in whose mind some pleasant associations are not awakened—by the recurrence of Christmas. There are people who will tell you that Christmas is not to them what it used to be; that each succeeding Christmas has found some cherished hope, or happy prospect, of the year before, dimmed or passed away; that the present only serves to remind them of reduced circumstances and straitened incomes—of the feasts they once bestowed on hollow friends, and of the cold looks that meet them now, in adversity and misfortune. Never heed such dismal reminiscences. There are few men who have lived long enough in the world who cannot call up such thoughts any day of the year. Then do not select the merriest of the three hundred and sixty-five for your doleful recollections, but draw your chair nearer the blazing fire—fill the glass and send round the song—and if your room be smaller than it was a dozen years ago, or if your glass be filled with reeking punch, instead of sparkling wine, put a good face on the matter, and empty it offhand, and fill another, and troll off the old ditty you used to sing, and thank God it’s no worse.
Emily Giffin, Something Borrowed|Bears are simultaneously so graceful and so strong. Bears know who they are, but they often don’t know who you are, which is why they kill you.
Liz Williams, Snake Agent|Peace is all we need to heal the world".
Jonathan Anthony Burkett|I understand we all have our differences. But while learning about history I've read about white people coming together, Jews coming together, Spanish coming together, different cultures and religions understanding and coming together despite their differences. Slavery was never something that shocked me. What shocks me is how black people have not yet overcome the odds and we're such strong smart people. Why we can't just stand together?
MissTammy Cantellia|He has never told anyone this story. He doesn't mind talking to Richard, to Rafe about his past--within reason--but he doesn't mean to give away pieces of himself.
Criss Jami, Healology|The study of Scripture I find to be quite like mastering an instrument. No one is so good that they cannot get any better; no one knows so much that they can know no more. A professional can spot an amateur or a lack of practice or experience a mile away. His technicality, his spiritual ear is razor-sharp. He is familiar with the common mistakes, the counter-arguments; and insofar as this, he can clearly distinguish the difference between honest critics of the Faith and mere fools who criticize that which they know nothing.
Parker J. Palmer, Let Your Life Speak: Listening for the Voice of Vocation|Before you tell your life what you intend to do with it, listen for what it intends to do with you. Before you tell your life what truths and values you have decided to live up to, let your life tell you what truths you embody, what values you represent.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Death ends a life, not a relationship.
Patrick E. McLean, How to Succeed in Evil|When you shift conversations and explore the greatness of your team members, you're likely to be a person who creates opportunities for their strength to show up on the job.
Poppet, Aisyx|Every man needs a shadow to reveal his light, to always be that close, ever present, bonded forever in astral allegiance.
Jennifer A. Nielsen|I haven't don anything wrong." At least, not for a few hours
Eleanor of Aquitaine, The Letter Collections Of Peter Of Blois: Studies In The Manuscript Tradition|Grief is not very different from illness: in the impetus of its fire it does not recognise lords, it does not fear colleagues, it does not respect or spare anyone, not even it
Sonia Sotomayor|Integrity is essential and irreplaceable. It is the most valuable asset for a person, a company, or a society seeking to build and progress.
Nnedi Okorafor, Lagoon|The industrial part of Detroit is really the most interesting side, otherwise it’s like the rest of the United States, ugly and stupid.
Frank Herbert|Absolute power does not corrupt absolutely, absolute power attracts the corruptible.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|God knew man would evolve. People think some of the Old Testament laws are absurd now because we live in a very different culture, a different time period. They had their problems and we have ours. God is constant but man is not, and he foreknew the ever-changing world his people would have to deal with; therefore, and if there is indeed an omniscient God, a Christ-like figure would be our only rational, possible connection to a constant, holy God throughout the evolution of culture and social law. The only answer that makes sense when it comes to relevance regarding religions and time periods is Christ, and the chances are slim that men could have invented it.
Nick Lowe|Never refuse an assignment except when there is a conflict of interest, a potential of danger to you or your family, or you hold a strongly biased attitude about the subject under focus.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|I take no pride in hopeless longing; I wouldn't hold a stillborn aspiration. I'd want to have it, to make it, to live it.
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|A man can know his father, or his son, and there might still be nothing between them but loyalty and love and mutual incomprehension.
Marlene Dietrich|Once a disease has entered the body, all parts which are healthy must fight it: not one alone, but all. Because a disease might mean their common death. Nature knows this; and Nature attacks the disease with whatever help she can muster.
Carrie Newcomer|We can finally start translating the book," Cate said. "At least, I think we
Dean Karnazes, Ultramarathon Man: Confessions of an All-Night Runner|People think I'm crazy to put myself through such torture, though I would argue otherwise. Somewhere along the line we seem to have confused comfort with happiness. Dostoyevsky had it right: 'Suffering is the sole origin of consciousness.' Never are my senses more engaged than when the pain sets in. There is a magic in misery. Just ask any runner.
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|To influence a person is to give him one's own soul. He does not think his natural thoughts, or burn with his natural passions. His virtues are not real to him. His sins, if there are such things as sins, are borrowed. He becomes an echo of someone else's music, an actor of a part that has not been written for him.
Ana Kostovska|If you want to be happy, you need to set your mind on happiness.
Anthony Weston, A Rulebook for Arguments|I'm alive now, but I don't know if I will be tomorrow. The state of being alive is not guaranteed, but should I let that stop me from living?
Lucille Clifton|won't you celebrate with mewhat i have shaped intoa kind of life? i had no model.born in babylonboth nonwhite and womanwhat did i see to be except myself?i made it uphere on this bridge betweenstarshine and clay,my one hand holding tightmy other hand; come celebratewith me that everydaysomething has tried to kill meand has failed.
Heather Brewer|There are different types of people in the world. There are people who accept what's in front of them unquestioningly. The live in the dark. In defeat. Ignoring what the future might bring or how they might help to make things happen. Then there are people like me. Optimists. They too live in the dark, in times like these, but dream of the light. I trust in the possibilities of betterness. I believe there is more to life than this. I have to. There's no other choices for me.
David  Brooks, The Road to Character|In the formative present, you are becoming who you will be in the future.
R.X. Bird|Don’t beat yourself up, son. I’m sure there is a culture on this spinning ball of dirt where you can be pretty. If not, do rock ‘n roll, or practice words. That shit’s pretty as well.
Jane Kaczmarek|Becoming a mother has been the best thing ever for me. It's become my life's work. Not just parenting, but sharing information and encouraging other women to be receptive to the basic nature of motherhood.
Zoë S. Roy, Calls Across the Pacific|Reading literary works enlightened and sheltered me; now I'm paying back by writing.--"My Confession
J. Cornell Michel, Jordan's Brains: A Zombie Evolution|I don't want to lose you, I love you, and…and that's all I've got.”As speeches went, it wasn't great. As feelings went…different story.
George Orwell, 1984|These were innocent people, so innocent that they thought poverty a crime that wealth would allow them to forget. --- from the notebooks of Celal Salik
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you wish to be happy, listen to your heart.
Kris Kidd, Down for Whatever|she said, “I swear, I put something in my mouth one time, and I’m addicted. I think I have oral fixation issues.
Denis Hachey, Mind to Mind Conversation: Change Your Mind, Change Your Life|Too many people live miserable lives, but they don’t do anything to change them.
Voltaire, Candide|Beer does not satisfy magic, however. So the magic ordered a round of Harvey Wallbangers. But it takes more than vodka to fuel magic. It takes risks. It takes EXTREMES.
Abby Slovin, Letters In Cardboard Boxes|Parker, I'm old," She said matter-of-factly. "I get away with these things." She continued to wave and smile wildly. "People treat me like an idiot so I'm allowed to act like one from time to time. It's one of the perks.
Mango Wodzak, Destination Eden|Addiction brings apathy. Break the apathy, and you break the addiction.
C.S. Lewis, Reflections on the Psalms|It was easier to be the headstrong monk, a boy on a long-shot mission, before he actually won anything. With the prize in hand, he realized his single-minded drive came across as aloof cockiness; his painful martyrdom certainly looked like self-nomination for sainthood. He's not sure he can keep up this exhausting, aw-shucks façade for much longer.
Linda  Burson|The chance you take, may turn out to be the best decision you ever made." LJB
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich|Find out what you really love to do, and then find a way to make a good living doing it.
Barbara Brooke|They’re close. Voices loud and fierce, Slapping faces with words. A scream … A cry … They’re getting closer.Did I lock the door? It’s too late to check. They’re coming. I barely move, barely breathe. Perhaps they’ll go away. But they’re getting closer.The door slams against the wall. My eyes squeeze shut. This curtain is not a shield. They’re here. They’ve come for me. I freeze.Metal rings clank together. My barrier is cast aside. Wearily, I look. Reddened eyes glower at one another … But not at me. I wonder.A moment of silence … Water streams down my face. Steam rolls around my flesh. I glare at the intruders And slide the curtain between us. I wait.He shrieks, “She took my glow stick!” She howls, “No, I didn’t!” I scowl. “Go tell your father about it.”They leave. I inhale the lavender mist. Slather bubbles over my skin. Five more minutes … And, next time, I shall lock the door.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Do you want to give a special gift in the New Year to someone you love? Then let him or her realize this: We are the main shepherd of our fate, we are the main designer of our destiny!
Andrew James Pritchard, Sukiyaki|I couldn’t believe it; my deepest darkest fantasy of a cute school girl slowly stripping in front of me was finally unbelievingly coming true! Furthermore, it wasn’t just any school girl, but one from my school, that was the icing on the cake, or at least it should have been. Because, at the same time that my fantasy was becoming reality, I felt that I was being very badly cheated. Why couldn’t it have been sixteen year old Heather Johnson or fifteen year old Pamela wade stripping before me, instead of the eight year old Ami Fujishiro?
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|For a long time,’ Nico said, ‘I had a crush on you. I just wanted you to know.’ Percy looked at Nico. Then at Annabeth, as if to check that he’d heard correctly. Then back at Nico. ‘You –’ ‘Yeah,’ Nico said. ‘You’re a great person. But I’m over that. I’m happy for you guys.’ ‘You … so you mean –’ ‘Right.’ Annabeth’s grey eyes started to sparkle. She gave Nico a sideways smile. ‘Wait,’ Percy said. ‘So you mean –’ ‘Right,’ Nico said again. ‘But it’s cool. We’re cool. I mean, I see now … you’re cute, but you’re not my type.’ ‘I’m not your type … Wait. So –’ ‘See you around, Percy,’ Nico said.
Georgia Cates, Beauty from Surrender|Caleb and Tris exchange a look. The skin on his face and on her knuckles is nearly the same colour, purple-blue-green, as if drawn with ink. This is what happens when siblings collide - they injure each other in the same way.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|The true god has no beginning and has no end, it was not begotten and cannot beget, it cannot die and resurrect. He is responsible of everything good and evil and he is the sustainer of life. If he can save he saves all without distinction
Aaron Blaylock, It's Called Helping...You're Welcome|...the word “fine”. As in “I’m fine”, “it’s fine”, “that looks fine”, etc. For a man the word fine has, tops, three or four meanings and that’s only because of the fairly recent edition of “Dang, girl! You look fine!” Otherwise “fine” would range somewhere between satisfactory and of superior quality. For a woman the word “fine” has like seventy meanings and depending on voice inflexion can actually mean ‘If I’m questioned again I’ll stab you in your sleep’.
Margaret Madigan, Gambling on the Outlaw|As a lady of clocklike precision yourself, you may appreciate my schedule. I have kept strictly to it every day for the past decade. From eight in the morning to eight in the evening, I devote myself to my duties. Then from eight in the evening to eight in the morning, I . . . do . . . not.
P.G. Wodehouse, The World of Jeeves|There is, of course, this to be said for the Omnibus Book in general and this one in particular. When you buy it, you have got something. The bulk of this volume makes it almost the ideal paper-weight. The number of its pages assures its posessor of plenty of shaving paper on his vacation. Place upon the waistline and jerked up and down each morning, it will reduce embonpoint and strengthen the abdominal muscles. And those still at their public school will find that between, say, Caesar's Commentaries in limp cloth and this Jeeves book there is no comparison as a missile in an inter-study brawl.
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|You may receive a pie, eat it and forget. You may receive champagne, drink it and forget. But when you receive a book, you can open it again and again.
Amit Kalantri|They will cry, he will shout but you must sweat.
Marvin Hamlisch|When today's generation reads Jack's books or they listen to the music created by some of us, I believe that they see there is a different way of approaching today's life and today's sometimes seeming hopelessness that can provide answers.
Holly Black, The Darkest Part of the Forest|Just in case the world ends tomorrow, we might as well enjoy today.
Thomas Szasz, Law, Liberty and Psychiatry|When you're reading a good noir, the shocks and twists have a way of feeling deja vu-like, as if you saw them coming, but hoped the characters would take a left turn... not answer the phone, not sleep with that woman, not sell drugs to those cops... but knew they would. It would have been wrong if they didn't, and the real surprise can be that you care about someone you know is in for hell. You relate to them, even when their hell is so much bigger than your own. But we're all going to die, and we all make mistakes.The best noir stories make you forget plot entirely by giving you characters that feel so well-realised you can't look away as they fall.
Heshan Udunuwara|Old Korean adage, "Even jade has flaws." Or, in other words: Nothing in life is ever perfect.
Leo Rosten|It is easy to get everything you want, provided you first learn to do without the things you cannot get.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry|That is the hardest thing of all. It is much harder to judge yourself than to judge others. If you succeed in judging yourself, it's because you're truly a wise man.
Ruta Sepetys, Salt to the Sea|Every person is a big mystery a thing build of secrets, gambles and lies. That's what's about to be a mankind.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|The only service to be done for our downtrodden sisters and brother, is to give them education to develop their individuality. We must give them ideas, alongside cultivating their living conditions.
Nicos Hadjicostis|Only the shallowest person believes that they can attain true happiness by maximizing their wealth at any cost. In absence of morality, ethics, and a sustainable philosophy to guide us in an ethical search for happiness, we will always perceive life’s random countervailing forces of adversity and unpleasantness as inflicting a great personal injustice upon us. Through application of a deeply embedded personal philosophy, we can push back against the negative implications of a life of suffering. We can use a philosophical stance to gain the perspective needed to say 'yes' to all of life, both its rosy path of ineffable joys and a blackened trail of tears. We must learn to accept life as it truly is and not waste precious time in wistfulness.
Vanora Bennett, The People's Queen|Maybe Grodzenski was showing me, with his quiet pride, the reason he hummed a little while he worked.
Tony Visconti|No, I never thought about my father's money as my money.
David Carradine|If you can't be the poet, be the poem.
C.S. Lewis|But how can the characters in a play guess the plot? We are not the playwright, we are not the producer, we are not even the audience. We are on the stage. To play well the scenes in which we are "on" concerns us much more than to guess about the scenes that follow it.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|I was terrified of death by the time I was three or four, actively if not lucidly. I had frequent nightmares about snakes and scary neighbors. By the age of four or five, I was terrified by my thoughts. By the time I was five, the migraines began. I was so sensitive about myself and the world that I cried or shriveled up at the slightest hurt. People always told me, "You've got to get a thicker skin," like now they might say, jovially, "Let go and let God." Believe me, if I could, I would, and in the meantime I feel like stabbing you in the forehead. Teachers wrote on my report cards that I was too sensitive, excessively worried, as if this were an easily correctable condition, as if I were wearing too much of the violet toilet water little girls wore then.
Shannon L. Alder|Praying for the people that hurt you may not change them, but it will change you.
Anthony Marais|Literature is the product of a deep-seated need for honesty. Hence, those who lie most are struck most deeply by it, and those who are honest have no need for it.
Nick Cutter, The Troop|But the sad truth is that the truth is sad, and what you want does not matter
Michael Jacobs, The Robber of Memories: A River Journey Through Colombia|The older I got the more I appreciated the role of travel as a stimulus to memories, and the way in which journeys even to new places were somehow always awakening memories of places seen in an ever-receding past.
Emily Thorne|As Hamlet said to Ophelia, ”God has given you one face, and you make yourself another." The battle between these two halves of identity...Who we are and who we pretend to be, is unwinnable. "Just as there are two sides to every story, there are two sides to every person. One that we reveal to the world and another we keep hidden inside. A duality governed by the balance of light and darkness, within each of us is the capacity for both good and evil. But those who are able to blur the moral dividing line hold the true power.
Linda F. Radke, The Economical Guide to Self-Publishing: How to Produce and Market Your Book on a Budget|A book, too, can be a star 'explosive material, capable of stirring up fresh life endlessly.
Julie James, It Happened One Wedding|Prince Maxon surveyed the room and found me. Our eye met for a moment, and he smiled.
M.F. Moonzajer|I am an urchin, standing in the cold, elbowed aside by the glossy rich visitors in their fur coats and ostentatious jewellery, being fussed into the hotel by pompous-looking doormen.	'No problem. I'd better get home, actually Mr – Gustav. A drink is very tempting, but maybe not such a good idea after all.' I pat my pockets. 'And I'm skint.'	 'Pavements not paved with gold yet, eh?' He moves on along the facade of the grand hotel to the corner, and waits. He's staring not back at me but down St James Street. I wage a little war with myself. He's a stranger, remember. 	The newspaper headlines, exaggerated by the time they reach the office of Jake's local rag: Country girl from the sticks raped and murdered in London by suave conman.	Even Poppy would be wagging her metaphorical finger at me by now. Blaming herself for not being there, looking out for me. But we're out in public here. Lots of people around us. He's charming. He's incredibly attractive. He's got a lovely deep, well spoken voice. And he's an entrepreneur who must be bloody rich if he owns more than one house. What the hell else am I going to do with myself when everyone else is out having fun?	One thing I won't tell him is that my pockets might be empty, but my bank account is full. 	'One drink. Then I must get back.'	He doesn't answer or protest, but with a courtly bow he crooks his elbow and escorts me down St James. We turn right and into the far more subtle splendour of Dukes Hotel. 	'Dress code?' I ask nervously, wiping my feet obediently on the huge but welcoming doormat and drifting ahead of him into the smart interior where domed and glassed corridors lead here and there. The foyer smells of mulled wine and candles and entices you to succumb to its perfumed embrace.
Jessica Day George, Princess of the Silver Woods|A man might engage in flirtation with distinterest, even disdain. But he never teases without affection.
Mark Twain|Have you tried the cinnamon things?" Poppet asks. "They're rather new. What are they called, Widge?""Fantastically delicious cinnamon things?
Alex Flinn, Cloaked|He bursts into tears, and not some manlike tears either, where you pretend you're brushing something off your face and, incidentally, wipe a tear. Nope. He starts bawling like a kid who spilled his Slushie...
Amit Ray, Enlightenment Step by Step|Enlightenment is the complete flowering of body, mind and the soul.
Sarah MacLean, Nine Rules to Break When Romancing a Rake|Life is not a question of how much happiness we want, it is how happiness uses time to make our wants into need.
J.R.R. Tolkien|Though the people of this modest village were not accustomed to seeing such barbaric men as Varg, it was his inhuman features that had the citizens of Fellenshire Village on edge. Not only was Varg's hair whiter than an old wise man's beard, but he was nearly six and a half feet tall and easily towered over the shaken folk of the village. His enormous stature alone would intimidate even the most hardened warriors, but with Varg's hair paired with his silver eyes, the people of this small town whispered that the devil himself may be walking amongst them.
Wess Stafford|The Church is the Church only when it exists for others...not dominating, but helping and serving. It must tell men of every calling what it means to live for Christ, to exist for others.
Dermot Healy|A teacher is never too smart to learn from his pupils. But while runners differ, basic principles never change. So it's a matter of fitting your current practices to fit the event and the individual. See, what's good for you might not be worth a darn for the next guy.
Kira Jeffries|There's always that song that brings you back to the past. That makes you pause in the middle of what you're doing just so you could hear it clearly. The words bringing you back to a time that seemed nearly impossible, the words making you think for one moment that time itself has actually stopped. And there's nothing but you & perfect melody that brings you one step closer to what used to be.
David Sedaris|A week after my drugs ran out, I left my bed to perform at the college, deciding at the last minute to skip both the doughnut toss and the march of the headless plush toys. Instead, I just heated up a skillet of plastic soldiers, poured a milkshake over my head and called it a night.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|Everything she sang was true. I will leave it to you as to whether the truth can exist with details omitted, or if those lacks make a lie of it.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|He walked, groping for a sentence that hung in his mind as an empty shape. He could neither fill it or dismiss it.
Maya Angelou, Poems|A lot of things should have been, Zigmund, but they aren’t. Are you going to be miserable about the things you cannot change, or do something about the things you can?
Alexandre Dumas|Like every other creature on the face of the earth, Godfrey was, by birthright, a stupendous badass, albeit in the somewhat narrow technical sense that he could trace his ancestry back up a long line of slightly less highly evolved stupendous badasses to that first self-replicating gizmo---which, given the number and variety of its descendants, might justifiably be described as the most stupendous badass of all time. Everyone and everything that wasn't a stupendous badass was dead.
Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook|The hours were long, but the days were short, and as much as I willed it to never come, the end of summer arrived anyway.
Syed Arshad, If It's Not Love|You see, the world is as big as an elephant or small as a grain of sand, depending on you. You can let it stomp you, gore you, swallow you up. Or you can let it slip into your shell and turn into a pearl.” -- Benjamin East
Erika Johansen|Why do you have such a nice Bible?” Kelsea asked.“The Bible is a book, Kelsea, a book that has influenced mankind for thousands of years. It deserves to be preserved in a good edition, just like any other important book.”“Do you believe it’s true?”“No.”“Then why did I have to read it?” Kelsea demanded, feeling resentful. It hadn’t been a particularly good book, and it was heavy; she had hauled the damned thing from room to room for days. “What was the point?”“To know your enemy, Kelsea. Even a book can be dangerous in the wrong hands, and when that happens, you blame the hands, but you also read the book.
William Wilberforce, A Practical View of the Prevailing Religious System of Professed Christians in the Higher and Middle Classes in This Country: Contrasted with Real Christianity|Of course I love you. It is my fault that you have not known it all the while" (the flower to little prince)
S. Usher Evans, Double Life|Live like you want, not how others want you to live.
Felicity Huffman|Even if you walk exactly the same route each time - as with a sonnet - the events along the route cannot be imagined to be the same from day to day, as the poet's health, sight, his anticipations, moods, fears, thoughts cannot be the same.
Joseph Wheelan, Jefferson's War: America's First War on Terror 1801-1805|Author describes that a failed sea captain, "vacillated miserably between self-recrimination and defensiveness.
K.T. Bryan, The Edge Of Trust|If I’m going down, I’m going down with lipstick on.” ~Maggie Mae Castro
Ferdinand Porsche|Yesterday is but today's memory, and tomorrow is today's dream.
Theodore Roosevelt|Believe you can, and you're halfway there.
Bijou Hunter, Junkyard Dog|CANDY: I learned long ago not to give a flying f*ck what strangers thought about me. H*ll, I only mildly care what my friends think. Life is too short to stress others’ opinions.
Jack Dancer, Detour Amour|Lust arrives as an angel disguised as love, but it's still lust, not love.
Kiera Cass, The Selection|Fighting with Harper stirred his blood, and walking out on her had only intensified his need, as though the brief separation was more than he could bear. All he could think about was getting back to her. Undressing her. And fucking her until he worked whatever this desperate feeling was out of his system.
Debasish Mridha|In the summer, we write life’s summary with the slow waves of love flowing over the sandy beach. The slow breeze and the warm sun write our memories.
Glenn Greenwald|Incestuous, homogeneous fiefdoms of self-proclaimed expertise are always rank-closing and mutually self-defending, above all else.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Instead of worrying about what could go wrong, change your thoughts to what could go right. When you change the negative thought into a positive one, it eliminates the negative one.
Matthew Pearl, The Last Dickens|Books do pretend ...but squeezed in between is even more that is true—without what you may call the lies, the pages would be too light for the truth, you see?
Ralph Waldo Emerson|His heart was as great as the world, but there was no room in it to hold the memory of a wrong
Josh Stern, And That's Why I'm Single: What Good Is Having A Lucky Horseshoe Up Your Butt When The Horse Is Still Attached?|When life throws shit at you, grow great, big, fuck off roses.
Debasish Mridha|If there is no dream, there will be no hope. If there is no hope there will be no life.
Asa Don Brown|Resiliency is not gender-, age-, or intellectually specific...
April Mae Monterrosa|Powerful words, a soft embrace, & facial expression that can warm your heart. Growth shows you to appreciate what you didn't before.
Spike Milligan|I do believe that we've a responsibility to try to acknowledge the range, both geographic and graphic, of what's happening in poetry in English. I'm interested in poems that are first-rate. After that, I'm not too concerned if they come from Queens or Queensland.
Suzanne Collins, Catching Fire|Too weird to live, too rare to die!
Marv Levy|A diet that is high in fat, sugar and salt makes it really hard for a body to function efficiently.
Gregory Maguire, A Lion Among Men|And what new life can emerge from a book. Any book, maybe.
Jane Smiley|Every spot on earth is particular, detailed, and incomprehensibly complex.
Thomas Kail|I've always been really into action movies. Since I was little, that was my favorite type of film.
Christopher Fowler, Full Dark House|She had a smile that could put a froth on a cup of coffee, and she knew it.
WoodCutters|It is easy to accept a deal, but hard to refuse it.
Criss Jami, Salomé: In Every Inch In Every Mile|If Pac-Man had affected us as kids, we'd all be running around in dark rooms, munching pills and listening to repetitive electronic music.
Alison Jolly, Thank You, Madagascar: Conservation Diaries of Alison Jolly|People are not angry, they just want to be heard.
Dennis Ruane|There's relief in not having to be outside. No gardening, no mowing the lawn, no tyranny of long daylight hours to fill with productive activity. We rip through summer, burning the hours and tearing up the land. Then snow comes like a bandage, and winter heals the wounds.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Is it always to be a winners-losers world, or can we keep everyone in the game? Do we still have what it takes to find a better way?
Daniel J. Boorstin|You cannot, in human experience, rush into the light. You have to go through the twilight into the broadening day before the noon comes and the full sun is upon the landscape.
Madeline  Martin, Deception of a Highlander|The women I’m attracted to have to know their worth. That measurement can only be weighed from the inside, and when that’s taken into account and she truly appreciates it? Everything on the outside of her becomes an asset.
Robert Jackson Bennett, City of Stairs|When somebody say "Writer", I think about a person or people which have rank "Writer", when somebody ask me about president. I think about rank "president" - but in the end we understand thall people with this ranks are normal are like the people around the world poor or rich it doesn't matter!
Kate Quinn, Lady of the Eternal City|Bourdieu’s concept of symbolic violence, which is ‘violence that is exercised upon a social agent with his or her complicity’...provides an explanation of how social inequalities can continue largely unabated. Within this perspective, individual subjects are subjected to various forms of violence, such as being treated unfairly or denied resources, or are limited in their social mobility and aspirations, but they do not tend to see it that way; rather it is misrecognised by individual subjects as the natural order of things. Gender domination in the patriarchal family is an example of symbolic violence in operation. Through habitus formation in this context, women were often confined emotionally, socially, economically and physically and the perception that women were inferior to men in the home and more generally in society was perpetuated. Women’s misrecognition of this violence as ‘natural’ and ‘normal’ gendered relations in the world led to their being complicit in reinscribing through their daily practices, their own domination.
Mikey Campling, Trespass|The cool touch of the rock soothed Waeccan. He felt its strengthflowing into him, trickling through his fingertips. The Shades wereon his side. They would bring back the peace he needed for hiswork. The intruder was just a man—nothing more. He would bedealt with. Everything would be as it was meant to be. Waeccanallowed himself a grim smile. How strange it was that he, whosename meant watcher, had become the one who was watched.
Amit Kalantri|Ah remember walkin along Princes Street wi Spud, we both hate walkin along that hideous street, deadened by tourists and shoppers, the twin curse ay modern capitalism.
Robert Conquest|Few, if any, survive their teens.
Alper Durukan|Embrace the uncertainty; there is either a massive growth or catastrophic destruction for you lying underneath, there comes its joy.
David Williamson Shaffer|The point, as I emphasize in the book, is not for players to become professionals, but rather to have innovative and creative ways of thinking about real problems as part of their intellectual toolkit.
Justin Lee|Hoping they'd been inspired by the examples of Anne Frank and other teens who had turned negative experiences into something positive by writing about them, I handed out notebooks for my students to journal about their lives. There was some initial resistance. But then the stories poured out of them, full of anger and sadness.
Jalaluddin Rumi|I choose to love you in silence…For in silence I find no rejection,I choose to love you in loneliness…For in loneliness no one owns you but me,I choose to adore you from a distance…For distance will shield me from pain,I choose to kiss you in the wind…For the wind is gentler than my lips,I choose to hold you in my dreams…For in my dreams, you have no end.
J. Hale Turner|Take one day at a time, nurture each day, and the hurt will be yesterdays past.
Kate Mulgrew, Born with Teeth|When Scripture says, "As a man thinks, so is he," it is raw truth. How we approach life and react to its vagaries determines the bulk of our character. How we love is locked into how we think about it. What angers us is triggered by how we think. It is between our ears that we decide how easily offended we will be. When it comes to harsh words from others, whether my skin absorbs like cotton or deflects like Teflon is a decision I make. All of that happens in a three-pound organ five-and-a-half inches across called my brain. In a very real sense, my world begins and ends between my ears. I don't have to be brain-dead to be brain-defeated.
Sarah Knowles Bolton|I'm off the rails, tipping the scales, following the trail, delving into my own custom made form of outer space.
Paul  Johnson, A History of Christianity|How could the Christian Church, apparently quite willingly, accommodate this weird megalomaniac [Constantine] in it's theocratic system? Was there a conscious bargain? Which side benefited most form this unseemly marriage between church and state? Or, to put it another way, did the empire surrender to Christianity, or did Christianity prostitute itself to the empire? It is characteristic of the complexities of early Christian history that we cannot give a definite answer to this question.
Philippa Gregory, The Other Boleyn Girl|He is my brother," I said. "I cannot desert him.""You can go to your own death," William said. "Or you can survive this, bring up your children, and guard Anne's little girl who will be shamed and bastardized and motherless by the end of this week. You can wait out this reign and see what comes next. See what the future holds for the Princess Elizabeth, defend our son Henry against those who will want to set him up as the king's heir or even worse-flaunt him as a pretender. You owe it to your children to protect them.
Tamar Adler, An Everlasting Meal: Cooking with Economy and Grace|In fairy tales,” her mother used to say, “no one ever says I love you. They give food and they kiss. That’s what love is made of.
Stavros and contributors, Vampire News: The (not so) End Times Edition!: Volume II: 2|Water matted his black hair into spikes and peppered his skin with a fresh sheen. If I shut my eyes I could still see the one who bound me, his smile bright as the white sun as he emerged from our latest dip in the sea. I fought the sudden urge to bury my face in his chest and run my fingers through that hair.
C.S. Lewis|If I discover within myself a desire which no experience in this world can satisfy, the most probable explanation is that I was made for another world.
Jean de La Fontaine|Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end.
Richard Bachman, Rage|Mr. Grace sounded like a very small child, helpless, hopeless. I had made him fuck himself with his own big tool, like one of those weird experiences you read about in the Penthouse Forum. I had taken off his witch doctor's mask and made him human. But I didn't hold it against him. To err is only human, but it's divine to forgive. I believe that sincerely.
Neymat Khan|You will always think that you cant do it, you may think that the idea you have is useless, but the idea you only have can change your life.
David Hume|In other words, a democratic government is the only one in which those who vote for a tax can escape the obligation to pay it.
Joseph Lallo|Unfortunately, wisdom and happiness are old enemies, and where one can be found, the other seldom lingers. - Wollof
Abbi Glines, Just for Now|I am a 'Light' seeker with a 'tude'!."~R. Alan Woods [2013]
Phil Knight|Pro football is like nuclear warfare. There are no winners, only survivors.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Rather than allowing your failures to define you, learn from your experience to do better next time.
John Pipkin, The Blind Astronomer's Daughter|Each new scientific fact gives rise to new uncertainties, and every pattern of starlight holds both a record and a prophecy.
Frank Deford|I decided, as a medical student, to devote myself to a study of the brain.
Nancy B. Brewer, Quotes and Poems in Black and White|I will forever walk alone in a world overflowing with those that will never understand my meaning of “Learning to See” I’m always teaching myself to see beauty in all aspects of reality, yearning to learn the beauty in others, from their vision of everyday life to their deepest secrets of their dreams. As the sun rises I must smile, smile for those with the beautiful mind and soul. I’m so passionate for the visions I see, and the dreams I wish the world could be.
Wilkie Collins, The Moonstone|But compare the hardest day's work you ever did with the idleness that splits flowers and pokes its way into spiders' stomachs, and thank your stars that your head has got something it must think of, and your hands something that they must do.
Ogwo David Emenike|...ugly interlopers threaten to choke off your story, depriving it of much-needed nutrition, sunlight and water. Identify and cut those weeds – the life-sucking adverbs, the shade-killing descriptions that don’t move the story forward, the crowding passive voice sentences.
Kiera Cass, The Siren|The acquisition of knowledge from books provides an experience different from the Internet. Reading is relatively time-consuming; to ease the process, style is important. Because it is not possible to read all books on a given subject, much less the totality of books, or to organize easily everything one has read, learning from books places a premium on conceptual thinking - the ability to recognize comparable data and events and project patterns into the future. And style propels the reader into a relationship with the author, or with the subject matter, by fusing substance and aesthetics.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Of all the magic words in existence, words of kindness create the greatest transformation spells.
Daniel Libeskind|As human beings, we are vulnerable to confusing the unprecedented with the improbable. In our everyday experience, if something has never happened before, we are generally safe in assuming it is not going to happen in the future, but the exceptions can kill you and climate change is one of those exceptions.
Catharine A. MacKinnon|Women, it is said, possess corresponding power. Through consciousness-raising, women found that women's so-called power was the other side of female powerlessness. A women's supposed power to deny sex is the underside of her actual lack of power to stop it. Women's supposed power to get men to do things for them by nagging or manipulating is the other side of the power they lack to have their every need anticipated, to carry out the task themselves, or to invoke physical fear to gain compliance with their desires without even having to mention it. Once the veil is lifted, once relations between the sexes are seen as power relations, it becomes impossible to see as simply unintented, well-intentioned, or innocent the actions through which women are told every day what is expected and when they have crossed some line.
Gary Edward Gedall|Yesterday I bought myself a new, very sharp kitchen knife.And I managed to cut my finger within 5 minutes of getting home!Those plastic packages are bloody dangerous!!!
Edgar Allan Poe, The Black Cat|See, people with power understand exactly one thing: violence.
Kylie Jenner|Beijing was such a different city. There were so few cars, I could walk in the middle of the road. In the summer, the streetlamps attracted swirling bugs. I loved those bugs: crickets, praying mantis, all kinds of beetles. I also have a vivid memory of dazzling sunlight coming out of the sky.
Jess "Chief" Brynjulson, Highway Writings|He was naked as a jaybird and covered in filth. He moved towards her with the same eerie grace that he had scaled the side of the barn, stopping to sniff the wind and look suspiciously around...His eyes were not yellow now; they were as black as his hair.
Natsuki Takaya, Fruits Basket, Vol. 2|Hatori: "SHIGURE... I WILL TELL EVERYONE IN THE PUBLISHING INDUSTRY EVERYTHING I KNOW ABOUT YOU, STARTING FROM WHEN YOU WERE FOUR YEARS OLD..."Shigure: "Sorry, Tohru-kun. My lips are sealed!
Pablo Neruda|Our love was bornoutside the walls,in the wind,in the night,in the earth,and that's why the clay and the flower,the mud and the rootsknow your name.
Queen Elizabeth II|We have a president who stole the presidency through family ties, arrogance and intimidation, employing Republican operatives to exercise the tactics of voter fraud by disenfranchising thousands of blacks, elderly Jews and other minorities.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|[T]his readiness to assume the guilt for the threats to our environment is deceptively reassuring: We like to be guilty since, if we are guilty, it all depends on us. We pull the strings of the catastrophe, so we can also save ourselves simply by changing our lives. What is really hard for us (at least in the West) to accept is that we are reduced to the role of a passive observer who sits and watches what our fate will be. To avoid this impotence, we engage in frantic, obsessive activities. We recycle old paper, we buy organic food, we install long-lasting light bulbs—whatever—just so we can be sure that we are doing something. We make our individual contribution like the soccer fan who supports his team in front of a TV screen at home, shouting and jumping from his seat, in the belief that this will somehow influence the game's outcome.
Linda Alfiori, The Art of Loving Again: How to More Intelligently Start Again After a Breakup, Divorce and the Death of a Loved One|At first, I was grateful to be the object of such intense desire. Yet what’s flattering in the first year can be suffocating in the eighth.
Abu'l-'Atahiya, Music of a Distant Drum: Classical Arabic, Persian, Turkish & Hebrew Poems|Hawks with broken wings; lions with broken paws; men with broken hearts, they all have one thing in common: they're all as sure to die as those unbroken.
Miley Cyrus|If your ego starts out, 'I am important, I am big, I am special,' you're in for some disappointments when you look around at what we've discovered about the universe. No, you're not big. No, you're not. You're small in time and in space. And you have this frail vessel called the human body that's limited on Earth.
Will Christopher Baer, Kiss Me, Judas|Which do you prefer, she says. Sex or Violence?I try to smile. What's the difference, really.
Jenni Schaefer, Goodbye Ed, Hello Me: Recover from Your Eating Disorder and Fall in Love with Life|In the past, I was a perpetual victim; how I was doing in any given moment depended on what happened to me. Today I do my best to avoid this kind of ‘victim thinking.’ Instead, how I am doing is determined by how I respond to what happens to me.
Kenneth C. Goldman, The Morgue: An Anthology|The scratching came from the attic. At night, when Rory turned out the light I would lie awake and wait for it to skit, skit, skit lightly across the floorboards above our heads and down behind the water pipes.
Diana Gabaldon, An Echo in the Bone|A general cry of "What book? What book? Let us see this famous book!
Abd-Ru-Shin|Too many riddles weigh men down on earth. We must solve as we can, and try to keep a dry skin in the water.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Leave no "full stop" in between the sentences that make up your life story. If anything, let "commas" show that when you were brought down by challenges, you rose up with passion and moved on again!
E. W. Howe|I experience for the American officers and soldiers that friendship which arises from having shared with them for a length of time dangers, sufferings, and both good and evil fortune.
Charlotte M. Mason|...my object is to show that the chief function of the child--his business in the world during the first six or seven years of his life--is to find out all he can, about whatever comes under his notice, by means of his five senses...
Louis Tomlinson|The torch relay is an excellent embodiment of all that the Olympic Games have come to symbolise - a celebration of the human spirit. Personally to me, it represents striving to be the best in whatever we do, never giving up despite the odds, and a commitment to health and fitness.
Danielle Steel|I lived for those moments when we were together, those few times in my life that I actually felt alive.
Oscar Wilde, Lady Windermere's Fan|My life-my whole life- take it, and do with it what you will. I love you-love you as I have never loved any living thing. From the moment I met you I loved you, loved you blindly, adoringly,madly!You didn't know it then-you know it now.
Catherine Spann|Cut my life into pizzas. this is my plastic fork. oven baking, no breathing, dont give a fuck if its carbs that i'm eating' -Catherine Spann
Neil Young, Waging Heavy Peace: A Hippie Dream|Discussing it later, many of us felt we suffered a mental dislocation at that moment, which only grew worse through the course of the remaining deaths. The prevailing symptom of this state was an inability to recall any sound. Truck doors slammed silently; Lux's mouth screamed silently; and the street, the creaking tree limbs, the streetlight clicking different colors, the electric buzz of the pedestrian crossing box - all these usually clamorous voices hushes, or had begun shrieking at a pitch too high for us to hear, though they sent chills up our spines. Sound returned only once Lux had gone. Televisions erupted with canned laughter. Fathers splashed, soaking aching backs.
Kendrick Lamar|I have a motto: Work to become, not to acquire.
Eric Sloane|The places and people in the following stories have been represented accurately to the best of my ability; yet my writing is supposed to be a tale, and as in any historical novel, my own imagination has blended with fact to create poetical reality. 
Peter Lynch|Something has to change in the world. Without change, young people will have no future.
Gwynn White, Rebel's Honor|What is it?" I ask, terrified I have done something wrong."Nothing," Stirling replies, running a finger over his own lips. "I thought it would be different, that's all. Actually, it was like kissing a girl. Isn't that strange?
Hiromu Arakawa|CREEPOther people have written about war. About how one plane sweeps over and the whole place is ablaze in minutes. About how a young man may kill another young many with perfect legality. I prefer to write about less sudden things. About how we inch further away without even noticing. And then it's too late. Or is it? No it's not too late to say sorry, we were wrong, let's try again to get along. No, it's not too late to quit lying, halt the greed, stop polluting air earth and seas. I prefer to write about less noisy things. About change happening so gradually that one day you just accept the world as different. And you don't question because you're old, and you don't feel like making waves, and anyway, they'd say you were insane.......
Auliq Ice|Adolescence isn't about relationships, its about dating. Its suppose to be relaxed, and fun. Isn't that what being a teenager is all about?
Virginia Alison|The source and content of information remain the same...the response creates divergent emotions,while negative response creates jealousy positive creates motivation.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|She had never had a friend like this, in her private room, combing her hair, listening to her, talking about silly nonsense and the uselessness of one's parents; how the future was perfect, because they hadn't lived it yet.
Rachel Caine, Bite Club|I want to get some sleep, so if there's something mind-numbingly disturbing you want to show me, can we just get it over with?
Zachary Kroonenburg|Pessimism is the key to see what really goes on within our world, the lies and manipulation that circles us all is exposed
Anthony  Ryan, Queen of Fire|Power comes at a price, love," Veliss replied through bared teeth, maintaining the smile she offered to the townsfolk lining the square."What power?""All power. The power to rule, to kill, or, in your case this fine morning, the power to incite the lust of the old goat you're about to meet.""Lust? I have no desire to incite lust in anyone."Veliss turned to her with a quizzical expression, her smile suddenly genuine. "Then I'm afraid you're in for a lifetime of disappointment.
DeWayne Owens|Live in the moment! Yesterday is gone forever, tomorrow is yet to come, but you have right now. Live in the moment!
Omar Khayyám|The Moving Finger writes; and, having writ,Moves on: nor all thy Piety nor WitShall lure it back to cancel half a Line,Nor all thy Tears wash out a Word of it.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau|In my ballets, woman is first. Men are consorts. God made men to sing the praises of women. They are not equal to men: They are better.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Tragedy descends, and in the carnage our enraged cynicism screams ‘If there was a God, He would not have allowed this!’ And somehow we’ve conveniently forgotten that once upon a time He allowed us to tell Him to go away, and once upon that time we allowed ourselves to take Him up on that offer.
Albert Camus|Lying is not only saying what isn't true. It is also, in fact especially, saying more than is true, and, in the case of the human heart, saying more than one feels.
Lena Dunham, Not That Kind of Girl: A Young Woman Tells You What She's "Learned"|In many homes, technology meant to illuminate the mind ends up only illuminating the living room.
William Beckford, The Episodes of Vathek|We had been hopelessly labouring to plough waste lands; to make nationality grow in a place full of the certainty of God… Among the tribes our creed could be only like the desert grass – a beautiful swift seeming of spring; which, after a day’s heat, fell dusty.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Before one can know what is right and wrong,he must first align himself with God. Only then is one in a position to do right.
Oziohu Sanni|If we are considering the history of our own country, we write at length of the periods when our ancestors were prosperous and victorious, but we pass quickly over their shortcomings or their defeats. Our people are represented as patriotic heroes, their enemies as grasping imperialists, or subversive rebels. In other words, our national histories are propaganda, not well balanced investigation.
Jolene Stockman, The Jelly Bean Crisis|Do what others do not do, Believe in what others do not believe, Feel what others cant feel, Become what others cannot be
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Every spark returns to darkness. Every sound returns to silence. Every flower returns to sleep with the earth. The journey of the sun and moon is predictable. But yours, is your ultimateart.
Hans Rosling|Health care reform, the marquee legislative accomplishment of the Obama administration's first term, was passed before we entered the world of divided government.
Lisa Kleypas, Smooth Talking Stranger|One glance and I knew exactly who and what he was. The classic alpha male, the kind who had spurred evolution forward about five million years ago by nailing every female in sight. They charmed, seduced, and behaved like bastards, and yet women were biologically incapable of resisting their magic DNA.
Dominic Riccitello|He said I wanted revenge, but if I wanted revenge I would’ve just broken his heart.
Ron Paul|Ohio claims they are due a president as they haven't had one since Taft. Look at the United States, they have not had one since Lincoln.
Atal Bihari Vajpayee|I've known Roger Ailes for 15 years, and I have been treated with the utmost professionalism and respect.
Akshay Vasu|The child inside me wouldn't stop crying. Every time it loses something so important to it. A person or a thing it loves the most, I pretend like nothing happened. But I hear it sobbing helplessly inside me. And the pathetic part of all this is, It neither grows up nor dies. Every time I stand in front of a mirror, it stares at me through my eyes. With its tear-stained face and that intense eyes that rip my ribs apart and the cry of it echoes through every room of my soul.
Lisa Kleypas, Tempt Me at Twilight|I want you any way I can get you. Not because you’re beautiful or clever or kind or adorable, although devil knows you’re all those things. I want you because there’s no one else like you, and I don’t ever want to start a day without seeing you.
Fuminori Nakamura, The Kingdom|Faith is, by its very definition, belief without proof.
Kate Morton, The House at Riverton|I sound contemptuous, but I am not. I am interested--intrigued even--by the way time erases real lives, leaving only vague imprints. Blood and spirit fade away so that only names and dates remain.
Himanshu Chhabra|The more older we get, less question we ask. We have lost contacts, we have lost and the curiosity of the things.
Peter Kreeft, The Sea Within: Waves and the Meaning of All Things|The return of the rain, beating out time on London's rooftops and pavements. Early morning Zombies sheltering beneath copies of the Standard whilst others ran screaming for cover in doorways because water from the heavens is holy and melts the undead.
Latif Mercado|You Can't Change Your Life... Until You Change Your Heart, and You Can't Change Your Heart... Until You Change Your Mind!
Zadie Smith|PAPER TOWERSThe library was on the second floor of the House, not far from my room. It had two floors—the first held the majority of the books and a balcony wrapped in a wrought-iron railing held another set. It was a cavalcade of tomes, all in immaculate rows, and with study carrels and tables thrown in for good measure. It was my home away from home(away from home.I walked inside and paused for a moment to breathe in the scent of paper and dust—the perfumes of knowledge. The library was empty of patrons as far as I could tell, but I could hear the rhythmic squeal of a library cart somewhere in the rows. I followed them down until I found the dark-haired vampire shelving books with mechanical precision. I knew him only as “the librarian.” He was a fount of information, and he had a penchant for leaving books outside my door.
Dr. Seuss, I Can Read With My Eyes Shut!|The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|Prepare for a radio, for nothing is silent like the grave
Suze Rotolo, A Freewheelin' Time: A Memoir of Greenwich Village in the Sixties. Suze Rotolo|He stilled my room, for sure.
Rateb Rayyes|Any unexpected change in a steady situation can be described as a problem, a problem to pin you down...While if you think more deep and rational you can easily see it as an opportunity to improve and push you up.
Aung San Suu Kyi|Shakespeare is rhythmic; he is musical in the sense that he likes poetry, and he's musical because he constantly refers to settings where there's singing and dancing.
Wendy Hoffman, The Enslaved Queen: A Memoir about Electricity and Mind Control|If we continue to develop our technology without wisdom or prudence, our servant may prove to be our executioner.
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t wait for people to locate you. Rather, reach out to people and help to bring them to Christ
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|Because after a time having a secret and nobody knowing you have a secret is no fun. And although you don't want others to know what the secret is, you want them to at least know you have one.
Shaun Hick|This is for you, for your breath, whose absence would lessen a greater world.
Christopher Moore, The Stupidest Angel: A Heartwarming Tale of Christmas Terror|Christmas crept into Pine Cove like a creeping Christmas thing: dragging garland, ribbon, and sleigh bells, oozing eggnog, reeking of pine, and threatening festive doom like a cold sore under the mistletoe.
Theresa Jacobs|A writer tears open their soul for youWe lay bare our fears and woes for youWe pour our heart onto the page for youWe unleash our demons for youLetters like blood smear the page for youThe world's pain we absorb for youA delicate path of sanity walked for youOnly for you to -Crumple the page in disdainYou will not abdicate your reignIn the oblivion of life, you’ll remainAs I continue to write for you
Gelila Bekele|I like a quiet evening with family or friends over, great food and great discussion and a lot of laughter. That's really what I think fills my tank.
Katherine McIntyre, Snatched|You are a blue rose, Letti. It’s almost impossible that you exist amongst the other roses but you do. You bring wonder to those who are lucky enough to find you.
R.A.Delmonico|Everything is fields, and a particle is just a smaller version of a field.There is a harmonic relationship involved.Disturbing ideas like those of Einstein in 1905 and Feynman Pocono Conference in 1948.Here we go;1) The universe is ringing like a bell. Neil Turok's Public Lecture: The Astonishing Simplicity of Everything.2) The stuff of the universe is waves or fields.3) Scale is relative, not fixed because all of these waves are ratios of one another.4) The geometry is fractal. This could be physical or computational.5) If the geometry is computational then, there is no point in speaking about the relationship of the pixels on the display.
Bijou Hunter, Junkyard Dog|She got fired?" Confusion laced Gavin's voice. "When?""This morning," Dante muttered."Why?" Gavin asked. "What did she do?""Me," Dante said."Oh." A moment of silence passed before Gavin broke out into laughter. "Ah man, really? She lost her job for fucking around with you?""I don't see why that's so funny.""Because," Gavin said, "you're the worst consolation prize ever."Dante shot right back up, and Matty barely had enough time to move out of the way before the bottle of water hurled by him, hitting Gavin in the chest.
Pope Francis|I know that I have lived because I have felt, and, feeling giving me the knowledge of my existence, I know likewise that I shall exist no more when I shall have ceased to feel.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Don't tell me I'm "too tall" just because my height happens to threaten your rather fragile sense of masculinity. The fact that men cannot physically look down upon women who are taller than them is the very reason that many men find tall women so intimidating.
Toni Sorenson|To step into God’s will is a step into a different realm, even though your feet remain on firma terra.
Heather Curnow, Nutmeg Woman|These stories have a dark side. Outsiders and eccentrics are regarded with suspicion, tortured, even killed. The major theme that emerges is of families diminished by conflict; almost a generation of adult males appears to be missing. Their absence is balanced by a number of strong female presences. This also reflects the dominance of women in the Acehnese household.Azhari is a master of suspense. He wastes no words; his narration is sparse. The overall atmosphere of the stories in Nutmeg Woman is tense and anxious. If there is a message, it is a plea for peace and tolerance and an end to bloodshed and oppression.
Mickalene Thomas|When I was 16, I felt very relieved to discover cinema. It was like an island where I could see life and death from another perspective. Every young person should be interested in that island. It's a beautiful place.
Ramez Naam|No matter how much technology changes scouting, no matter how much free agency and big TV contracts change the business of baseball, I hope and pray that the heart of the game will never change.
Ken Robinson, The Element: How Finding Your Passion Changes Everything|Whether you practice a traditional religion or a universal version of spirituality, it is necessary to keep an open mind for learning and growing.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If the gate to your precious room is always left ajar, people shall least knock before entering into your precious room!
Connie Kerbs|We have made our tasks infinitely more difficult because we failed to do yesterday what we are glad to do today. To delay longer will make the war more protracted and increase the sacrifices for victory. Let us stop asking ourselves if it is necessary to do more now. Let us ask ourselves what more we can do today, so we have less to sacrifice tomorrow.
Wendell Berry, Jayber Crow|There is only one salvation for you: take yourself up, and make yourself responsible for all the sins of men. For indeed it is so, my friend, and the moment you make yourself sincerely responsible for everything and everyone, you will see at once that it is really so, that it is you who are guilty on behalf of all and for all. Whereas by shifting your own laziness and powerlessness onto others, you will end by sharing in Satan's pride and murmuring against God.The Brothers KaramazovBook VI - The Russian Monk, Chapter 3 - Conversations and Exhortations of Father Zosima.
Dione Lucas|The preparation of good food is merely another expression of art, one of the joys of civilized living…
Joud Tabaza, No, I Want To Do This|The next time the world tells you “Stop”, “Don’t”, or “You can’t do this”, the next time the world beats the living daylight out of you, hit it back with a knock just as strong and say, “No, I want to do this.
San Juan de la Cruz, Dark Night of the Soul|we were made to be like this; filled with ashes and feels, burning down to what we dont want to be and what we dont want to see. sins? they are just a choice.
Tony Benn|An educated, healthy & confident nation is harder to govern
Warren Cassell Jr., Swim or Drown: Business and Life Lessons I've Learned from the Ocean|I'd encourage [you] to think big and be delusional when setting goals. Yes, delusional. The biggest mistake that I made with my first business was I didn't think big enough. I limited my success by just focusing on a small geographic area and focusing on hitting small sales targets. Now when I set my goals, I make sure that they are ridiculous. I prefer to work extremely hard and fall short on my ridiculous goals than to achieve mediocre goals.
Hunter S. Thompson|The insurance of working with a big, already successful franchise just gives you the chance to do other things on a more personal level.
Ptolemy|There are stars in the night sky that look brighter than the others, and when you look at them through a telescope you realize you are looking at twins. The two stars rotate around each other, sometimes taking nearly a hundred years to do it. They create so much gravitational pull there's no room around for anything else. You might see a blue star, for example, and realize only later that it has a white dwarf as a companion - that first one shines so bright, by the time you notice the second one, it's too late.
Caitlin Moran, Moranifesto|It’s amazing to me that it’s still considered a notable, commendable trait –‘Oh, she’s a well-known feminist’ –in a woman, or a girl, or a man, or a boy. That that is the unusual thing. Really, it should be the reverse. Rather than what seems like a minority having to spend time, energy, brain and heart explaining why they’re ‘into’ equality, the majority should be explaining why they’re not. You put the time into explaining why –in a world where every concept of justice, wisdom, progress and rightness is a human invention –we still prefer the human concept of ‘some people being inferior to others’ over ‘this is a vast, inky, cold, empty universe, and in it, we are the only humans that exist, all sharing a tiny milky green/ blue world, and faced with a multitude of problems, and an infinite capacity for joy, and should therefore try and stick together and accord each other some respect’.
Israelmore Ayivor|The same styles you used earlier may become monotonous over time. You want to remain relevant, so you got to change that style.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|The main qualities that had earned him this universal respect in the service were, first, an extreme indulgence towards people, based on his awareness of his own shortcomings; second, a perfect liberalism, not the sort he read about in the newspapers, but the sort he had in his blood, which made him treat all people, whatever their rank or status, in a perfectly equal and identical way; and, third - most important - a perfect indifference to the business he was occupied with, owing to which he never got carried away and never made mistakes.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|As for now I will pay attention to works like "Lie to me", "Person of Interest", "Numb3rs" and "Blindspot". (2016!)
Keith Craft|America fears the unshaven legs, the unshaven men's cheeks, the aroma of perspiration, and the limp prick. Above all it fears the limp prick.
David Suzuki, The Legacy: An Elder's Vision for Our Sustainable Future|We needn't be saddened with the impossible weight of managing the entire biosphere, but we must meet the challenge of living in balance with the sacred elements.
Samuel Butler|Friendship is the complete explanation of what a Cheetah Girl is - if you have that true friendship, you can conquer anything you want.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|Neither of us says the word love, not once. It would be tempting fate; it would be romance, bad luck.
Rachel Joyce, The Unlikely Pilgrimage of Harold Fry|But maybe it's what the world needs. A little less sense, and a little more faith.
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|Advice is the easiest thing to give and often the hardest thing to receive. When you need it, and others are willing to give it, take as much as you can. When you receive it, appreciate it, use it, and apply what works for your situation….
Leigh Bardugo, Ruin and Rising|Despite my pain, I felt not the regret of an ending, but the foreboding of a beginning.
Patti Digh, What I Wish For You: Simple Wisdom For A Happy Life|Looking at my reflection tonight, I see a new girl staring back at me. She has big hair and big eyes and a big heart. Not only is she the perfect size and pretty...she is smart. -Mackenzie
Eduardo Galeano, Walking Words|For sailors who love the wind, memory is a good port of departure.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Harold believed his journey was truly beginning. He had thought it started the moment he decided to walk to Berwick, but he saw now that he had been naïve. Beginnings could happen more than once, or in different ways. You could think you were starting something afresh, when actually what you were doing was carrying on as before. He had faced his shortcomings and overcame them, and so the real business of walking was happening only now.
Truth Devour, Wantin|I believe,I have faith,I trust,In me,In you,In us.
Alfred North Whitehead|I'm at the transition place myself, still playing high school girls but moving to a stage when I'm playing older roles and going to the places of stillness and wisdom and knowledge and weight. It's exciting and scary.
Aung San Suu Kyi|I can pull off anything; I have the height and the attitude. The only thing I can't wear is a leotard, but I can wear anything else.
Lady Gaga|Life is not a matter of holding good cards, but sometimes, playing a poor hand well.
Paul C. Nagel, John Quincy Adams: A Public Life, a Private Life|He pulled the truck onto the shoulder of the road and parked, cell phone tight in one hand, his eyes on the landscape before him. From here he could see the foothills rippling out like a blanket from the ragged edge of the mountains. They spread in loose folds until becoming the flat expanse of prairie that crossed all the way to the Great Lakes. July's bounty was a brash flare of colour: wind combed through golden tracts of wheat and sun-bright canola so brilliant he had to squint.The truck was balanced along the edge of an invisible wall which blocked Waterton from the rest of the world. He hadn't thought about how very real that barrier was; now that his phone was reconnected, it felt like a physical presence. He wasn't quite sure what he'd find on the other side.
Mick Foley|The world is fortunate - for the time being, at least - that it has an American president in Obama who is prepared to take a conciliatory and concessive attitude towards America's decline and that it has a Chinese leadership which has been extremely cautious about expressing an opinion, let alone flexing its muscles.
Kenya Wright, 420|Me, following her home.Her, thinking she's alone.For hours, I watched her paint, sat in the darkness, and marveled.
Lynette Gould, Heart of Darkness: How I Triumphed Over a Childhood of Abuse|Coming to terms with incest is not easy. Learning to be a survivor, not a victim, gives new meaning to life
Robert Gottlieb|I've been sober for two-and-a-half years, My children are happy. In August, my wife and I will celebrate our fifteenth wedding anniversary. My band is back together with a sold-out tour.
Karen M. McManus, One of Us Is Lying|She's a princess and you're a jock," he says. He thrusts his chin toward Bronwyn, then at Nate. "And you're a brain. And you're a criminal. You're all walking teen-movie stereotypes.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|If you wish to be successful, you have be willing to invest the time, energy, and money necessary to associate with the right people.
Thomas à Kempis, The Imitation of Christ|My God, Sweetness beyond words, make bitter all the carnal comfort that draws me from love of the eternal and lures me to its evil self by the sight of some delightful good in the present. Let it not overcome me, my God. Let not flesh and blood conquer me. Let not the world and its brief glory deceive me, nor the devil trip me by his craftiness. Give me courage to resist, patience to endure, and constancy to persevere. Give me the soothing unction of Your spirit rather than all the consolations of the world, and in place of carnal love, infuse into me the love of Your name.
Abraham Maslow|It's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters.
A.E. Via|I want to cry but I don’t. I don’t. There are pieces of yourself, so many pieces of yourself, that, once you give away, you cannot get back again.
Lara Adrian, Midnight Rising|I have to go to her, Lucan. For my own sanity, if nothing else. If I stay here, I'm not sure what good I'd be, to tell you the truth. She's the only thing that's held me together in a very long time. I'm a wreck for this woman, my friend. She owns me now.
Onyi Anyado|The children are the future, so, let's tell them about tomorrow's hope rather than yesterday's despair.
Joyce Meyer|Sports is the common denominator in the world that brings everyone together. If there's any one place in the world where there is equality, it is probably sports. That was something that didn't always exist. We've come a long way in sports. Why can't society use sports as a way to bring people together and create change?
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|tone of colour in a room or a morning sky, a particular perfume that you had once loved and that brings subtle memories with it, a line from a forgotten poem that you had come across again, a cadence from a piece of music that you had ceased to play— I tell you, Dorian, that it is on things like these that our lives depend.
sol michael|If any blame or fault attaches to the attempt, it is mine alone.
Idries Shah, Caravan of Dreams|The sort of man who, throwing a stone upon the ground, would miss.
Neil Gaiman, Stardust|Make sure you do not have friends otherwise you have to keep them at bay.""You was my friend too!"The brow of the young side stood up with surprise and he darkened even more. His eyes stole fire."Now I'm not?""I do not know anymore what you are!" I admitted with pain. Gods and Guardians
Sanober  Khan, A Thousand Flamingos|They say that the eyes are the windows to the soul, so what happens when the person's eyes are unavailable to look into? You read their words.
Clive Barker, The Great and Secret Show|The moon had risen behind him, the color of a shark's underbelly. It lit the ruined walls, and the skin of his arms and hands, with its sickly light, making him long for a mirror in which to study his face. Surely he'd be able to see the bones beneath the meat; the skull gleaming the way his teeth gleamed when he smiled. After all, wasn't that what a smile said? Hello, world, this is the way I'll look when the wet parts are rotted.
Jamie Woon|Let's Shout It Out and Speak As One. Mind Rock On, The Gemini One.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Remain vigilant and try diligently not to succumb to the soul-sucking, mind-numbing, ill-mannered attitudes that seem so prevalent in the world today.
Christopher Hitchens|What I used to say to people, when I was much more engagé myself, is that you can't be apolitical. It will come and get you. It's not that you shouldn't be neutral. It's that you won't be able to stay neutral.
Thaddeus of Vitovnica, Our Thoughts Determine Our Lives:  The Life and Teachings of Elder Thaddeus of Vitovnica|We need repentance. You see, repentance is not only going to a priest and confessing. We must free ourselves from the obsession of thoughts. We fall many times during our life, and it is absolutely necessary to reveal everything [in Confession] to a priest who is a witness to our repentance.Repentance is the renewal of life. This means we must free ourselves from all our negative traits and turn toward absolute good. No sin is unforgivable except the sin of unrepentance.
Mary E. Pearson, The Kiss of Deception|All stories are lies. But good stories are lies made from light and fire. And they lift our hearts out of the dust, and out of the grave.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|When Jackson used that particular tone of voice, men died, pure and simple.
Dean Koontz, A Big Little Life:  A Memoir of a Joyful Dog|Dogs' lives are too short. Their only fault, really.
John Vaillant, The Tiger: A True Story of Vengeance and Survival|I was coming up on a cross street when a man wearing a filthy suit stepped out from around the corner of the building ahead and directly into my path. Bent with age, he turned bleak red eyes to me and stared. Pressed with his chest to both hands he carried a paperback book as soiled and bereft as his suit. Are you one of the real ones or not? he demanded. And after a moment, when I failed to answer, he walked on, resuming his sotto voce conversation. A chill passed through me. Somehow, indefinably, I felt, felt with the kind of baffled, tacit understanding that we have in dreams , that I had just glimpsed one possible future self. 
bell hooks|No one ever found wisdom without also being a fool. Writers, alas, have to be fools in public, while the rest of the human race can cover its tracks.
Tracy Bilen, What She Left Behind|Getting up from the bed, Dominick approaches me at a slow predatory pace. Once again, I cannot move my feet.
Ana Claudia Antunes, ACross Tic|Silent our body is a sacred temple, A place to connect with other people. Can't we just stay any younger? Really, we might keep it stronger, Elated, rather than so tilted or feeble!!
Ben Lerner, Leaving the Atocha Station|You dedicate your life to the pursuit of pleasure. No over-indulgence, mind you, but knowing that your body is apleasure machine, you treat it carefully in order to get the most out of it.
Mike Brown, How I Killed Pluto and Why It Had It Coming|Treat sins that your children struggle with like basic math. Practice, Practice, and you'll get it.
Sean Holloway. (J.A. Belfield), Instinct|At that moment, I wished I were the wind, free to dance across her flesh, seep through her clothing, and explore the forbidden depths of her body beneath.
Douglas Brunt|Unfortunately the global warming hysteria, as I see it, is driven by politics more than by science.
Joseph Heller, Catch-22|To confess your sins to God is not to tell God anything God doesn't already know. Until you confess them, however, they are the abyss between you. When you confess them, they become the Golden Gate Bridge.
Julie Klassen, The Silent Governess|You do not esteem good deeds?" She shifted the basket handle to both hands, just as a cool breeze blew a bonnet string across her face. "My dear Miss Keene, what would the world be without them?" He brushed the string from her cheek. "Are we not admonished to be doers and not merely hearers of His word? Yet not on a mountain of good deeds can we climb our way to heaven.
Cornelia Funke|Words,words filled the night like the fragrance of invisible flowers.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|The emptiness that fills in when once-the-beloved says, "Who are you?
Mike Klepper|If you can see something, and it is wrong, you can fight it with a reasonable chance of success. Fighting the nonexistent is worse than pointless: Don Quixote tilted at windmills, but at least windmills are real.
Matt Haig|I love to act and put on a show, but you're playing a character all the time. For music, it's really just me being myself.
Vladimir Nabokov, The Eye|a man who has decided upon self-destruction is far removed from mundane affairs, and to sit down and write his will would be, at that moment, an act just as absurd as winding up one’s watch, since together with the man, the whole world is destroyed; the last letter is instantly reduced to dust and, with it, all the postmen; and like smoke, vanishes the estate bequeathed to a nonexistent progeny.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., A Man Without a Country|If you actually are an educated, thinking person, you will not be welcome in Washington, D.C. I know a couple of bright seventh graders who would not be welcome in Washington D.C.
Jamie Zeppa|What I love is how seamless everything is. You walk throw a forest and come out in a village; and there’s no difference, no division. You aren’t in nature one minute and in civilization the next. The houses are made out of mud and stone and wood, drawn from the land around. Nothing stands out, nothing jars.
Theresa Hollis|I shook with cold and fear, without being able to answer. After a lapse of some moments, I was again called. I made an effort to speak, and then felt the bandage which wrapped me from head to foot. It was my shroud. At last, I managed feebly to articulate, 'Who calls?''Tis I' said a voice.'Who art thou?''I! I! I!' was the answer; and the voice grew weaker, as if it was lost in the distance; or as if it was but the icy rustle of the trees.A third time my name sounded on my ears; but now it seemed to run from tree to tree, as if it whistled in each dead branch; so that the entire cemetery repeated it with a dull sound. Then I heard a noise of wings, as if my name, pronounced in the silence, had suddenly awakened a troop of nightbirds. My hands, as if by some mysterious power, sought my face. In silence I undid the shroud which bound me, and tried to see. It seemed as if I had awakened from a long sleep. I was cold.I then recalled the dread fear which oppressed me, and the mournful images by which I was surrounded. The trees had no longer any leaves upon them, and seemed to stretch forth their bare branches like huge spectres! A single ray of moonlight which shone forth, showed me a long row of tombs, forming an horizon around me, and seeming like the steps which might lead to Heaven. All the vague voices of the night, which seemed to preside at my awakening, were full of terror. ("The Dead Man's Story")
Ned Hayes, The Eagle Tree|I reached down to feel the soil, and I touched the outreaching roots of the trees that bore horizontally and vertically hundreds of feet through the forest. I stroked the earth with my palm, and I could almost feel that invisible network of capillary roots that sucks moisture and nutrients out of every inch of the soil I was standing on. I breathed in and out. I was part of the forest. I was alive.
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|Don’t know what I’m talking about? Don’t know what I’m talking about!” My shout hit notes that normally only Wagnerian sopranos can reach. “You think you’re a freaking leprechaun, but I don’t know what I’m talking about?
Laura Anderson Kurk, Perfect Glass|My dad used to say, ‘This is what your right arm’s for, son,’” John said. “This is the time and these are the people and I’d give my right arm to be a light, a comfort, to them. I know you would, too. In whatever form it takes. Use these materials and make something great. Do it on faith, knowing you probably won’t be around to see how the story ends.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Keep learning, keep learning!
Gareth Thompson, Sunshine to the Sunless|I had everything I could possibly want -- yet I was failing to appreciate it. Bogged down in petty complaints and passing crises, weary of struggling with my own nature, I too often failed to comprehend the splendor of what I had.
Nalini Singh, Archangel's Blade|Sometimes we have to meet people where they are, Ollie. Honor their desires, regardless of out own.
Billy Collins, Questions About Angels|I love to move like a mouse inside this puzzle for the body, balancing the wish to be lost with the need to be found.
Luna Lacour, Star-Crossed|You fault me for having standards?' Sebastian countered icily.'Not at all. I fault you for having two sets of them.'~ Sebastian, Lord St. Vincent & Cam Rohan.
R. Price|If you’re looking for that one person who can change your life, take a look in the mirror.
Dillon Burroughs, Undefending Christianity: Embracing Truth Without Having All the Answers|Jesus came to give us life. We don't have to hang on a cross like he did. For him, it was a sacrifice. For us, it is a gift.
Rachel Held Evans, A Year of Biblical Womanhood|I don’t respect my husband because he is the man and I am the woman, and it’s my “place” to submit to him. I respect Dan because he is a good person, and because he has made me a better person too.
Jean M. Grant, A Hundred Kisses|Glen Shiel, Socttish Highlands, 1296Strife abounds. King Edward of England has invaded the southern strongholds of Scotland and is pressuring King John of Scotland to abdicate. Several Scottish nobles, called Claimants, vie for his throne. The Cause divides the country, as each clan must choose and support a Claimant. Many contenders seek fortune and power, but a few seek Scotland’s independence. Only by a great force can this be achieved. However, the road to independence is fraught with those that wish to see the Cause crushed, at any cost.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|To do things right, we need to UNITE black and white, red and blue, blue and white - all stars and stripes. We need to either apply all the lessons from the past - or get rid of all the stories and START AGAIN. We are moving towards a rainbow world. Our children are intermixing and so are our colors. You can keep your religions and traditions, but always stand with what is good for the greater good of ALL as a united neighborhood instead of a segregated team. This is what America needs. This is what the world needs. Our unity. In our schools, neighborhoods, communities, state offices and economic equations. Choosing to stand with the right wing or left wing, or this group or that group, is only going to keep this country divided and grounded. In the end, all human needs are the same and they will never change. So what is there to fight about? Let's hit restart and unite. Flip the script and start again. To make America truly great again, it must be united. Every bird needs two wings to fly. Any nation torn at the wings will never soar the skies. So we can all start here. The only political party anyone should be an active part of is the one called concerned.
Valerie Bertinelli|I'm lucky, I don't like sweets, not even chocolate.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|The type of mind that can understand good fiction is not necessarily the educated mind, but it is at all times the kind of mind that is willing to have its sense of mystery deepened by contact with reality, and its sense of reality deepened by contact with mystery.
William Least Heat-Moon, Blue Highways|Here the earth, as if to prove its immensity, empties itself. Gertrude Stein said: 'In the United States there is more space where nobody is than where anybody is. That is what makes America what it is.' The uncluttered stretches of the American West and the deserted miles of roads force a lone traveler to pay attention to them by leaving him isolated in them. This squander of land substitutes a sense of self with a sense of place by giving him days of himself until, tiring of his own small compass, he looks for relief to the bigness outside -- a grandness that demands attention not just for its scope, but for its age, its diversity, its continual change. The isolating immensity reveals what lies covered in places noisier, busier, more filled up. For me, what I saw revealed was this (only this): a man nearly desperate because his significance had come to lie within his own narrow ambit.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|In this age of humanism, man is seduced by society with the lie that he can become his own god . . . the New Age movement is polluted with self and it will never bow before God—at least not until Christ returns.
Melanie S. Wolfe, The Last Life of Emma Taylor|Possibly the apparent relapse they had suffered was not a fall and a cause for suffering, but a leap forward and a positive act.
Jaimie Roberts, Deviant|Sometimes, the only way to make your dreams come true is to shatter them.
Kristy Cambron, A Sparrow in Terezin|His words held depth, but not enough to make her forget the desire to do something more than just leave the hospital alive. All she could think of now was the pain of running away. She'd left her family, left Prague behind out of fear. And still war had chased her to an ARP shelter in the heart of London. How could she run again? Something mattered in standing up to fight.
Jay Michaelson, Evolving Dharma: Meditation, Buddhism, and the Next Generation of Enlightenment|What a miracle, that all we have to do to be beautifully loving creatures is just relax and allow.
Adam Ross, Mr. Peanut|...in response to whatever Alice was struggling with, whatever had caused her to withdraw from him, he had chosen the arms of another woman instead of relying on his own fortitude, as if he'd somehow deserved more comfort than Alice herself had been able to give, or not. Which was part of marriage, after all, part of the vows: enduring those times. And this sense of entitlement seemed to him an even greater sin than infidelity.
Akshay Vasu|How does it feel, to break a part of you each day and feed to the demons inside the other person in the name of love? How many days will you do that? Have your ever thought, about what happens after those demons had enough of you and decide to leave you for the taste of new soul? Look at yourself once. How much of you is remaining for yourself? Will ever get that part of you back?
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|You need to know the constituency you belong to...and that is revealed by your constituents. When your constituents are speaking in public and making of stories, your constituency can be "journalism".
Jimmy Carter|This Voyager spacecraft was constructed by the United States of America. We are a community of 240 million human beings among the more than 4 billion who inhabit the planet Earth. We human beings are still divided into nation states, but these states are rapidly becoming a single global civilization.We cast this message into the cosmos. It is likely to survive a billion years into our future, when our civilization is profoundly altered and the surface of the Earth may be vastly changed. Of the 200 billion stars in the Milky Way galaxy, some--perhaps many--may have inhabited planets and spacefaring civilizations. If one such civilization intercepts Voyager and can understand these recorded contents, here is our message:This is a present from a small distant world, a token of our sounds, our science, our images, our music, our thoughts, and our feelings. We are attempting to survive our time so we may live into yours. We hope someday, having solved the problems we face, to join a community of galactic civilizations. This record represents our hope and our determination, and our good will in a vast and awesome universe
Sheila Walsh, Loved Back to Life: How I Found the Courage to Live Free|There are some of you here today who feel like dead people. It is as if you are already six feet under, staring up at the top of your own locked coffin. This morning Jesus wants to set you free. You simply have to let go of the key and pass it through the little hole, where you see a tiny shaft of light.
Deyth Banger|After Chopin's death, Polish patriots cut up his body to take out his heart. They nationalized this poor muscle and buried it in Poland.A dead person is treated either as trash or as a symbol. Either way, it's the same disrespect to his vanished individuality.
Dale Mayer, Scales|Add boyish, slim as a board, pancake. It's okay, I've heard it all."He raised his head and said mildly, "I wasn't thinking in terms of your chest size.""Good thing as I don't have one." She smirked and popped a big chunk of potato into her mouth. "The nice thing is I can run without those things flying in my face, too." And damn if she didn't make a comical face that had him shouting with laughter.
Check 'Grin' Hardwing|Pain is an illusion, an illusion that really really hurts!
Elizabeth Payson Prentiss, Stepping Heavenward|Do you ever think that people who find it tougher to say what they're feeling are the ones who feel things more intensely? As if they're the ones who really understand what it means to love someone? As if they have to keep their defenses high, because they care too much and have too much to lose?
T.E.D. Klein, The Ceremonies|Then, idly scratching his nose, he walks to the bookcase in the living room and stoops before a set of drab brown Victorian volumes gathering dust on the second shelf from the bottom.How amusing, he thinks, as he withdraws one of them-amusing that a key to dark and ancient rites should survive in such innocuous-looking form.A young fool like Freirs would probably refuse to believe it. Like the rest of his doomed kind, he'd probably expect such lore to be found only in ancient leather-bound tomes with gothic lettering and portentously sinister titles. He'd search for it in mysterious old trunks and private vaults, in the "restricted" sections of libraries, in intricately carved wood chests with secret compartments.But there are no real secrets, the Old One knows. Secrets are ultimately too hard to conceal. The keys to the rites that will transform the world are neither hidden nor rare nor expensive. They are available to anyone. You can find them on the paperback racks or in any second-hand bookshop.
L. Susan Stebbing, Thinking to some purpose: A manual of first-aid to clear thinking, showing how to detect illogicalities in other people's mental processes and avoid them in our own.|Thinking is a tiring process; it is much easier to accept beliefs passively than to think them out, rigorously questioning their grounds by asking what are the consequences that follow from them.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|At war, there's no right or wrong.Winner's right while loser's wrong.
Shannon L. Alder|Live vertically, not horizontally.
Scott Stapp|God's forgiveness is the only thing. And, well, I take full responsibility for the adultery. It was my fault and, you know, no matter what went on, the man has to take responsibility; and I do.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|If I did not know about God and sin, would I go to hell?" "No", said the priest, "not if you did not know." "Then why," asked the Eskimo earnestly, "did you tell me?
Holly Hood|Loving someone isn’t a hard task, it’s not a chore, you don’t wake up one day and decide to break their heart because you got all hot and bothered, that doesn’t happen!” he boomed.
Jim Corbett, champawat man-eater|Tom said to himself that it was not such a hollow world, after all. He had discovered a great law of human action, without knowing it -- namely, that in order to make a man or a boy covet a thing, it is only necessary to make the thing difficult to attain.
G.S. Jennsen, Rubicon|You never know what you can do until you try, and oh the things you discover on the other side of that curtain. The treasures that await are beyond any simple measure. Just put one foot in front of the other, close your eyes, and pull the cloth back. Once you do, you will be amazed!
Gabrielle Zevin, Memoirs of a Teenage Amnesiac|It was odd to have something so personal out there in that way, but the good thing about art is that no one necessarily knows what you mean by it anyway.
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|Was this their exact exchange? Almost certainly not. Still, it is my best memory of their exchange.
Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra, Don Quixote|...but once more I say do as you please, for we women are born to this burden of being obedient to our husbands, though they be blockheads
Lily Collins|I'm fighting hard; I'm training hard. I'm still walking over people and stepping over people to get where I'm going, and I would really like to give back, especially to my mom, who was there for me when I was a kid.
Kate Smith|More and more couples are having this negotiation or discussion, but I'm still amazed at the number who aren't and where the cultural norm sort of kicks in and they just assume that mom's got to be the one who stays home, not dad.
Sunday Adelaja|Don’t try to use God to achieve your purpose. Rather, aim to achieve His
Beatrice Fairfax|Of all the queer sources of romance, ours lay in the discovery that each was an addict of Boswell's Life of Johnson. H.E.G. had a first edition of the Journey to the Hebrides, which I coveted mightily. Why not acquire the book honorably, marry the man, and have it around the house?
Kaimana Wolff, La Chiripa|Comparing marriage to football is no insult. I come from the South where football is sacred. I would never belittle marriage by saying it is like soccer, bowling, or playing bridge, never. Those images would never work, only football is passionate enough to be compared to marriage. In other sports, players walk onto the field, in football they run onto the field, in high school ripping through some paper, in college (for those who are fortunate enough) they touch the rock and run down the hill onto the field in the middle of the band. In other sports, fans cheer, in football they scream. In other sports, players ‘high five’, in football they chest, smash shoulder pads, and pat your rear. Football is a passionate sport, and marriage is about passion.	In football, two teams send players onto the field to determine which athletes will win and which will lose, in marriage two families send their representatives forward to see which family will survive and which family will be lost into oblivion with their traditions, patterns, and values lost and forgotten. Preparing for this struggle for survival, the bride and groom are each set up. Each has been led to believe that their family’s patterns are all ‘normal,’ and anyone who differs is dense, naïve, or stupid because, no matter what the issue, the way their family has always done it is the ‘right’ way. For the premarital bride and groom in their twenties, as soon as they say, “I do,” these ‘right’ ways of doing things are about to collide like two three hundred and fifty pound linemen at the hiking of the ball. From “I do” forward, if not before, every decision, every action, every goal will be like the line of scrimmage. Where will the family patterns collide?In the kitchen. Here the new couple will be faced with the difficult decision of “Where do the cereal bowls go?” Likely, one family’s is high, and the others is low. Where will they go now? In the bathroom. The bathroom is a battleground unmatched in the potential conflicts. Will the toilet paper roll over the top or underneath? Will the acceptable residing position for the lid be up or down? And, of course, what about the toothpaste? Squeeze it from the middle or the end?  But the skirmishes don’t stop in the rooms of the house, they are not only locational they are seasonal. The classic battles come home for the holidays. Thanksgiving. Which family will they spend the noon meal with and which family, if close enough, will have to wait until the nighttime meal, or just dessert if at all? Christmas. Whose home will they visit first, if at all? How much money will they spend on gifts for his family? for hers? Then comes for many couples an even bigger challenge – children of their own! At the wedding, many couples take two candles and light just one often extinguishing their candle as a sign of devotion. The image is Biblical. The Bible is quoted a man shall leave his father and mother and be joined to his wife, and the two shall become one. What few prepare them for is the upcoming struggle, the conflict over the unanswered question: the two shall become one, but which one? Two families, two patterns, two ways of doing things, which family’s patterns will survive to play another day, in another generation, and which will be lost forever? Let the games begin.
Bernard Barton|In an age of specialization people are proud to be able to do one thing well, but if that is all they know about, they are missing out on much else life has to offer.
Brené Brown, Daring Greatly: How the Courage to Be Vulnerable Transforms the Way We Live, Love, Parent, and Lead|When shame becomes a management style, engagement dies. When failure is not an option we can forget about learning, creativity, and innovation .
|wherever there is true love, compromising will always be an unspoken norm.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|If they are wrong they need your prayers all the more; and if they are your enemies, then you are under orders to pray for them. That is one of the rules common to the whole house.
Susan Sontag, Styles of Radical Will|Religion is probably, after sex, the second oldest resource which human beings have available to them for blowing their mind.
Scott Westerfeld, Leviathan|She was tough in the best sense of the word. She'd taken blows, the disappointments, and had worked her way through them. Some people, he knew, would have buckled under, found a clutch, or given up. But she had carved a place for herself and made it work.
Matthew Inman, The Terrible and Wonderful Reasons Why I Run Long Distances|If it's a nod from society you're looking for, run a marathon. But if it's a life-changing experience of personal strength and perseverance that you want, finish an ultra.
M.F. Moonzajer|Oh, hell no!" I yell at them. They are not about to negotiate as to whether they get to see my goods. "Denton, I swear to God, if you come over here, I am sending you anthrax in the mail!
Idries Shah, The Sufis|Then there was Mani, the Mighty Good-For-Nothing. He towered above all the other boys of the class. He seldom brought any books to the class, and never bothered about homework. He came to the class, monopolized the last bench, ans slept bravely. No teacher ever tried to prod him.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|God prepared a table before me in the presence of my insecurity, in the presence of my deficits, in the presence of my addictions, in the presence of my confusions, in the presence of what I have lost, in the presence of the threat that I won't make it, in the presence of my enemies, I am looking straight ahead.
Brandon Sanderson, The Alloy of Law|The bones and flesh and legal statistics are the garments worn by the personality, not the other way around.
Liz Stephens, The Days Are Gods|In the shop, breathing the scent of dusty grease and oil; in the old house, staring into the living room where Dad and Jake used to take naps together on the couch; in the sheep barn, remembering the joy implicit in so much baaing life; in every inch of the farm, I recalled my father’s presence.
Barbara Cameron, A Time to Love|All was in God's plan, and he had to accept even as he didn't understand.
Sue Saliba, Alaska|mia knew the weight that said nothing will ever be different from what it is now, that the world has lost all dimension and has turned to stone.
Lola Salt, The Extraordinary Life of Lara Craft|Would you like some sacred chocolate?' a girl asked, appearing suddenly at Lara's side. 'They've very special chocolates,' she said, pushing a plate of the goods in Lara's direction. 'They're raw and sweetened with Stevia.'Stevia, huh? Lara grabbed a chocolate truffle and popped it into her mouth, winking at the girl. She hoped the 'stevia' would kick in soon, because frankly, it looked like these women were having a better time than she'd had in ages.
Nathan Myhrvold|I think most people think of ballerinas as kind of either as a fairytale, far-away thing that's really not attainable, something they can't grasp, or they think of them as European or Russian and kind of their nose up in the air. So, it's cool for me to, like, sit with them and for them to really see themselves as me.
Lewis Hyde, Trickster Makes This World: Mischief, Myth, and Art|There is no way to suppress change…not even in heaven; there is only a choice between a way of living which allows constant, if gradual alterations and a way of living that combines great control and cataclysmic upheavals. Those who panic and bind the trickster choose the latter path. It would be better to learn to play with him, better especially to develop skills (cultural, spiritual, artistic) that allow some commerce with accident, and some acceptance of the changes that contingency will always engender.
Dominique Wilson|So why had he come? He'd said he'd had no choice, but for centuries men had chopped off their own limbs, faked insanity, gone into hiding or to prison rather than to war. Was there some dark flaw in his psyche? Did he have some perverse need to destroy? To kill?
Ellen Hopkins, Crank|Girls get screwed.Not that kind of screwed, what I mean is, they're always on the short end of things.The way things work, how guys feel great, but make girls feelcheap for doingexactly what they beg for.The way they get to play you, all the while claiming they love you and making you believe it's true.The way it's okay to gift their heart one day, a backhand the next, to move on to the apricotwhen the peach blushes and bruises.These things make me believe God's a man after all.
William Faulkner, The Sound and the Fury|Her cheek against the moss, the young princess she had been - Aelin Galathynius - reached a hand for her. 'Get up', she said softly.
Chip St. Clair, The Butterfly Garden: Surviving Childhood on the Run with One of America's Most Wanted|Of all this world's beauty and miracles, brilliance and simplicity-of all nature's graces-children are truly the most remarkable.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If the baser instinct of rampant self-preservation adamantly refuses to surrender itself to the infinitely greater call of self-sacrifice, in attempting to save our lives we will have in reality completely destroyed our lives.
A.D. Aliwat, Alpha|Where wealth and status are concerned, shit isn’t supposed to be hard. Ivies are known for “grade inflation”—though there is a lot of work, the reward for a mediocre job at completing it is still usually an A. In any given corporation, the higher the role and pay, the less that person actually does. CEOs who get fired for sucking at their jobs and losing a shit-ton of money are often given multi-million dollar “golden parachutes.” It was kinda the same with this frat; we were the best, so we did the least.
Bradley B. Dalina|If you can't reach your dreams,If you can't achieve your goals,If you can't meet your plans,Least be happy each daySuccess is not an annual achievement,It's a daily achievement.
Annie Rogers, The Unsayable: The Hidden Language of Trauma|Lacan wrote about two levels of speaking, one in which we know what we are saying (even when struggling with something difficult or contradictory) and another in which we have no idea of what we are saying. In this second level of speaking there are repeating words, phrases, and even sounds that function as magnets of unconscious meaning, condensing multiple scenes, times, and ideas. He called such markers in speech 'signifiers.
John Derbyshire, We Are Doomed: Reclaiming Conservative Pessimism|You know, Emily was a selfish old woman in her way. She was very generous, but she always wanted a return. She never let people forget what she had done for them - and, that way she missed love.
Julio Cortázar, Hopscotch|As if you could pick in love, as if it were not a lightning bolt that splits your bones and leaves you staked out in the middle of the courtyard.
Morten Tyldum|We can have enhanced devolution - greater powers in Scotland - but within the strength, security and stability of the United Kingdom, and I think that's what most Scots want.
Zeina Abirached, I Remember Beirut|How do you like to be remembered? Me, I would like to be remembered like an elusive good book that does not appear lovable to everyone, gets underrated at times, yet never loses its rarity to inspire, whenever one comes down to the verge of despair, and that functions like ember, forgotten, but when the weather goes cold, one suddenly remembers to reignite it for warmth and comfort.
David Byrne, How Music Works|It's been the longest timeSince I've been in this place,Where I spend my whole dayHoping I'll see your face.Then I script things to say,And maybe what you'd say back.You don't know it yet,But, girl, it's a factThat I can see us Staying up late,Talking all night,But I guess I'll have to wait.'Cause it's brand-new,Yeah, I know we just met. I want to be there with you, But not just yet.Girl, you've got that look,Like you're hard to impress.So I'm bumbling with words,'Cause my mind is a mess.You were out of the blueAnd you caught me by surprise,With a slight smile, that long stare,And a challenge in your eyesI could feel all thisIn that single look,Like you could see my soul.You could read me like a book,And I think it's something.Though I know we just met,I'm gonna get there with you.You just don't know it ... yet.
Chad Hofmann|Nothing may stay the same but I guess one good thing that should remain still is the heart that always remembers to: stay strong and stay kind; stay lovely and stay nice; stay good and stay humble; stay true and stay honest. Just stay being the best of your heart could. But when that heart feels like giving up, give it a rest, pause for a while but never ever give up.
King Michael of Romania|All this sea of humanity reassured me that as alien as i felt, there were always others in the world far odder than I
Darrell Calkins, Re:|True balance, and harmony, necessitates finding a way to override the addictive, reactive emotions that are the fabric of one’s subjective illusion, and discover emotions that correspond to actuality.
Marcia Angell|People think SEALs are cold-blooded, heartless, wound-up, brainwashed killers. They imagine you can just point a SEAL in a direction and say, 'Go kill.' The truth is you're talking about a bunch of kind-hearted, jovial guys. The only thing that separates them is mental toughness.
Enrich M. Remarque|He watches the sun out of the world and the stars into it and sometimes I wonder if he watches the sun come up again. Is it hard to sleep when you know you are almost at the end? Do you not want to miss a moment, even those that would otherwise seem dull and unremarkable?
James Emlund|Come clean about your true nature before the day the body ceases. Hard not to cling to duality as the excuse, but every brain is manifesting duality as if it is some internal feature projected outward for the attention of others.
Jerry Bridges, The Discipline of Grace: God's Role and Our Role in the Pursuit of Holiness|In the pursuit of goals, you cannot give up anytime you feel un-comfortable.
Thich Nhat Hanh|So if we love someone, we should train in being able to listen. By listening with calm and understanding, we can ease the suffering of another person.
Marina Abramovic|The finest clothing made is a person's own skin, but, of course, society demands something more than this.
John Ciardi, You Read to Me, I'll Read to You|Such things as are good simply because they have been commanded or instituted, or as being symbols of something good, are mere shadows which cannot be reckoned among actions that are the offspring, as it were, or fruit of a sound mind and of intellect.
Paul Greengrass|The older people that one admires seem to be fearless. They go right out into the world. It's astounding. Maybe they can't see or they can't hear, but they walk out into the street and take life as it comes. They're models of courage, in a strange way.
Debasish Mridha|You may not lead by ordering, but you may lead by showing possibilities and the beauty of success.
Allegra Goodman, Apple Cake|In the kitchen, her family nibbled Helen’s lemon squares. Melanie urged brownies on the nurses. “Take these,” she told Lorraine. “We can’t eat them all, but Helen won’t stop baking.”“Sweetheart,” Lorraine said, “everybody mourns in her own way.”Helen mourned her sister deeply. She arrived each day with shopping bags. Her cake was tender with sliced apples, but her almond cookies crumbled at the touch. Her pecan bars were awful, sticky-sweet and hard enough to break your teeth. They remained untouched in the dining room, because Helen never threw good food away.
Patrick Carman, Beyond the Valley of Thorns|There is no problem this universe can hand you that you aren't innately designed to solve. If it has been handed to you, it can be handled by you. This is the brilliant effectiveness of our design.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Just as America has grown and prospered within the framework of our Constitution, so Christianity has flourished and spread according to the laws set forth in the Bible.
A.A. Gupte, Unfinished|There’d never been anyone who could knife him so with a momentary word, and then speak the wound away in the very next moment. If all those little boyhood heartbreaks had been supposed to make him ready for this, Demane wasn’t.
Kenneth Eade|Unless we do something and do it quickly, we may be going back to an economic stone age.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|It’s not too late,” he says. “Zahra, I—”“Sh.” I lay a finger across his lips. “Don’t say it. You will marry Caspida, and you will learn to love each other. You will live a happy life, long after my lamp has passed to new hands.”“I won’t make my third wish,” he says. “That’s the answer! If I don’t make the wish, you can stay here in the palace for as long as you want. You’ll never have to go back to your lamp. We can fight off anyone who tries to take you from me.
Michael  Grant, Fear|In ordinary life, the action of a third party does not free the contractor from an obligation; but the advantage of making a contract with heaven is that intentions are valid currency.
Robert A. Heinlein|A man's grammar, like Caesar's wife, should not only be pure, but above suspicion of impurity.
Sarah Fine, Of Metal and Wishes|We cannot own each other, Bo. We can only offer what is ours to give.
Anna Wintour|When I was a teenager I would lock myself in the bathroom for hours, bouffanting my hair like Patty Duke and trying to recreate Barbra Streisand's flawless eyeliner, only to comb it all out and wash it all off before stepping out into the world a butchish bisexual teen.
Grigoris Deoudis|She is mine.' Edward’s low voice was suddenly dark, not as composed as before. 'I didn’t say I would fight fair.
Barbara Ehrenreich|There's certainly an attitude in some measure of the conservative movement that I believe won't accept the legitimacy of any Democratic president, and I think Obama did fall victim to that - witness the 'birthers.'
Vanessa Gravenstein, war/SONG|What do we actually consider to be “normal?" It’s only about what our conventional mentality is or isn’t able to understand, and agree to accept as “real.”In fact, the shadowy edge between normal and paranormal is more than ILLUSORY… The exact same can be stated about the border between calling your novel non-fiction or fiction.What if you could close your eyes and see different worlds and planets? What if you could see them with some kind of different vision, even with your eyes open? Would that make you a paranoid… a freak, a genius, a crazy? Or, maybe, an Indigo, if that’s what’s been happening to you since you can remember? If something unusual is what you really see and really feel, and if that’s what does happen to you in your real life, how is THAT called FICTION? One simple reason... that it’s the only way the society would agree to call it “normal,” based on the current level of development of their mentality.
Lisa Kessler, Blue Moon|You made me feel like I was the most important person in the world to you, and then you showed me I never really mattered at all.” I stood up. “I hate you for that, Log
Lucian of Samosata|Human life is under the absolute dominion of two mighty principles, fear and hope, and that any one who can make these serve his ends may be sure of rapid fortune.
Debasish Mridha|To add value to your life, serve others with love and kindness.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|The Bible may be an arresting andpoetic work of fiction, but it is not the sort of book you should giveyour children to form their morals.
Edmund Phelps|In Ronald Reagan's chaotic childhood, the imagination was armor. There is nothing unusual about that; transcending the doubts, hesitations, and fears swirling around you by casting yourself internally as the hero of your own adventure story is a characteristic psychic defense mechanism of the Boy Who Disappears.
Guy de Maupassant, Bel-Ami|Get married, my friend, you don't know what it means to live alone, at my age. Nowadays feeling alone fills me with appalling anguish; being alone at home, by the fire, in the evening. It seems to me then that I'm alone on the earth, dreadfully alone, but surrounded by indeterminate dangers, by unknown, terrible things; and the wall, which divides me from my neighbour, whom I do not know, separates me from him by as great a distance as that which separates me from the stars I see through my window. A kind of fever comes over me, a fever of pain and fear, and the silence of the walls terrifies me. It is so profound, so sad, the silence of the room in which you live alone. It isn't just a silence of the body, but a silence of the soul, and, when a piece of furniture creaks, a shiver runs through your whole body, for in that dismal place you expect to hear no sound.
Sam Kean, The Disappearing Spoon: And Other True Tales of Madness, Love, and the History of the World from the Periodic Table of the Elements|Building a museum case and filling it with types of mussels is one way of knowing mussels; but on the shore, a mussel leads to a crab or a curious stone, which leads to another thing and eventually leads back to mussels, which is another and perhaps a more far-reaching way to know mussels. The sea that always seems like a metaphor, but one that is always moving, cannot be fixed, like a heart that is a like a tongue that is like a mystery that is like a story that is like a border that is like something altogether different and like everything at once. One thing leads to another, and this is the treasure that always runs through your fingers and never runs out.
David Cameron|It's so essential to happiness to speak your truth out loud - because this sharing of your core pain is what creates a necessary healing shift - from negative beliefs about the world - to positive beliefs - and frees you up to be able to fully view life with meaning, purpose and connection with others.
Alan Gratz, Prisoner B-3087|Sometimes I wish I was in the movies...Not to be famous or nothing. I just wish I was made of light. Then nobody’d know me except for what they saw up on that screen. I’d just be light up on the silver screen, and not at all a man.
Agatha Christie, The Clocks|Kyubey: You have no idea how much difficulty we go through trying to understand your human values. Presently there are six billion, eight hundred million of you, and you're increasing in number by a hundred every four minutes! What's the huge fuss over the death of each and every single creature? Madoka: If that's how you think of us, then yes, I see you are our enemy.
Melina Marchetta, On the Jellicoe Road|Just think about it.Procreation. You give to thenext one down the line.That's really all we've got.Society, government,money, religion,careers, nuclear families,monogamy.These are all just highly creativesocially accepted delusionsthat we impose on reality to try and gainsome semblance of control over our lives.It gives us the illusion of choice.It makes us feel a littleless like animals.Animals. What do you mean?Like evolution?Yeah, evolution, exactly.I do not believein evolution.There's 400 billion starsin the Milky Way alone,making the amount of starsin the entire universecompletely mind-boggling.We are nothing.If an asteroid hadn't hit Earthand wiped out all the dinosaurs,we wouldn't be here.
Vinod Varghese Antony|A human in dark, is one without soul.
Melissa B. Kruger, Walking with God in the Season of Motherhood: An Eleven-Week Devotional Bible Study|I cannot protect my children from my weaknesses. As hard as I may try, at some point my sin will affect their lives. However, the way I deal with my failure can provide an example for them to follow. I am a sinner raising sinners. Each of my children will face the weight and sorrow of his or her own sins. Just as we teach daily hygiene habits like brushing teeth, our children need instruction on how to find cleansing for their souls. By teaching our children about confession and repentance as well as grace and forgiveness, we bless their lives for years to come.
Kim Edwards, The Memory Keeper's Daughter|Don't allow someone not worth it to have the power to occupy your thoughts. If they don't find you worth the effort or the time, why should you waste yours?
Lao Tzu|Time is a created thing. To say 'I don't have time,' is like saying, 'I don't want to.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|He didn't need a curse to realize the desire of his heart was to fight the Horfins of this land, the Kravens, and the darkness that had swayed his brothers toward evil. He would continue to fight, continue to lead. Curse or no curse.
Nicole  Williams, Mister Wrong|You’re worth ever bead of sweat and every groan of frustration. You’re worth the work, you’re worth the wait, you’re worth everything I have to give you.” I moved closer, so our foreheads were pressed together, our eyes aligned. “So make me work for it. Make me work hard for it. I will. You won’t hear one complaint from me working myself to the bone for you. Not one.
Aymen Tmar|Don't be afraid to be successful,and keep in your mind that you don't have another choice “be successful or be successful
Abhijit Naskar, Neurosutra: The Abhijit Naskar Collection|Memorizing facts and then regurgitating them into carefully crafted words is not science people. It’s intellectual bulimia. Real science happens when we explore what we don’t know. The first law of understanding the human brain and the mind within, is to be an explorer.
Dana Arcuri, Reinventing You: Simple Steps to Transform Your Body, Mind, & Spirit|While you desire lasting change with positive results, it will take commitment from you to transform your dreams into a reality. Be aware that there can be tough moments when you're ready to throw in the towel. Frustrating times when you may want to quit. When it gets rough or you hit a roadblock, you must forge ahead and keep going. Despite blood, sweat, and tears, do not give up on yourself. You are worth the fight for a brighter future!
Vineet Raj Kapoor|Do You want to be Surrounded by Great People? There is an Appreciative Person, behind every Successful Person. Be that Person.
Elyne Mitchell, Silver Brumby's Daughter|Freedom is for the curious ones. Free is the one not influenced by taboos. Free is the one who reasons and evolves continuously, and refuses to accept anything without thinking.
Jocelyn  Murray, Corfe Castle|Dad will come back,' said Charlie quietly.When Mrs Bone turned to him, she didn't look sad at all, in fact she was smiling. 'You know, Charlie, I'm beginning to believe you,' she said. 'After what happened to Henry, I can believe almost anything.
Linda Merkin|Science is uneasy with beginnings. Mythology is concerned above all with what happened "in the beginning". Its signature is "Once upon a time".
Rollo May, The Meaning of Anxiety|One means of allaying anxiety is frantic activity. The anxiety arising out of the dilemma of powerlessness in the face of suprapersonal economic forces on one hand, but theoretical belief in the efficacy of individual effort on the other, was symptomized partly by excessive activism.
Abhijit Kar Gupta|It is common to seek perfection, but it is stupid to believe that you will ever reach it.
Gloria Gaither|We may run, walk, stumble. drive, or fly, but let us never lose sight of the reason for the journey, or miss a chance to see a rainbow on the way.
Irwin Shaw|I'm not really a believer in romantic, happily-ever-after love stories.
Sam Wasson, Fifth Avenue, 5 A.M.: Audrey Hepburn, Breakfast at Tiffany's, and the Dawn of the Modern Woman|Those without color—say, dressed in all black—can go about almost unnoticed. Where the rainbow is conspicuous, their darkness acts as a kind of camouflage, masculine by contrast, and allows them to watch without being watched. It’s the choice of someone who needs not to attract. Someone self-sufficient. Someone more distant, less knowable, and ultimately, mysterious. Powerful.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|Eh, brother, but nature has to be corrected and guided, otherwise we'd all drown in prejudices. Without that there wouldn't be even a single great man.
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|In racing, they say that your car goes where your eyes go. The driver who cannot tear his eyes away from the wall as he spins out of control will meet that wall; the driver who looks down the track as he feels his tires break free will regain control of his vehicle.
Jennifer Frick-Ruppert, Spirit Quest|Attending to your own words and ideas as well as those of others is an admirable trait in any person, but a necessity in a leader.
Tom Robbins, Skinny Legs and All|Information about time cannot be imparted in a straightforward way. Like furniture, it has to be tipped and tilted to get it through the door. If the past is a solid oak buffet whose legs must be unscrewed and whose drawers must be removed before, in an altered state, it can be upended into the entryway of our minds, then the future is a king-size waterbed that hardly stands a chance, especially if it needs to be brought up in an elevator.Those billions who persist in perceiving time as the pursuit of the future are continually buying waterbeds that will never make it beyond the front porch or the lobby. And if man's mission is to reside in the fullness of the present, then he's got no space for the waterbed, anyhow, not even if he could lower it through a skylight.
Yvonne Strahovski|It's sad that people will invade someone's privacy - and this is not only regarding someone's private photos - but this goes deep into people's financial privacy, their passwords, their emails, their text messages.
Conor McGregor|Have nothing in your house that you do not know to be useful, or believe to be beautiful.
Rose Plummer, The Maid's Tale|It was after our breakfast that I was told to go up along with the parlour maid and serve the family breakfast. I was very nervous, but the parlour maid told me not to worry. So up I went, shaking in my boots, and into the breakfast room where the sideboard was laden with kidneys and rice and bacon and all sorts of delicious things. There were just four people at the table: three elderly men and a woman with a green parrot on her shoulder. Now, the thing about the parrot was that it had messed all down her shoulder and all down the front of her dress and she wasn't in the least bothered. She just smiled into the distance and every now and then fed the bird something from her hand.
Gaelen Foley, My Dangerous Duke|From the third case, she took yet more books, but these were the traveling books that she had brought for her new ward: they were at once sterner and more reassuring that the others. She cared for for these, too- they were books after all, and she would sooner have her own spine broken than manhandle a book - but not with the same devotion, and they were placed in a neat pile on the floor.
Donna McKechnie|In deference to American traditions, my family put our oven to rare use at Thanksgiving during my childhood, with odd roast-turkey experiments involving sticky-rice stuffing or newfangled basting techniques that we read about in magazines.
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|The Clown turned his powdered face to the mirror."If to be fair is to be beautiful," he said, "who can compare with me in my white mask?""Who can compare with him in his white mask?" I asked Death beside me."Who can compare with me?" said Death, "for I am paler still.""You are very beautiful," sighed the Clown, turning his powdered face from the mirror.
Raoul Vaneigem, The Revolution of Everyday Life|My creativity, no matter how poor, is for me a far better guide than all the knowledge with which my head has been crammed. In the night of Power, its glimmer keeps the enemy forces at bay.
Norah Vincent|That was the crux. You. Only you could work on you. Nobody could force you, and if you weren't ready, then you weren't ready, and no amount of open-armed encouragement was going to change that.
Nelson Mandela, Conversations With Myself|i love playing and chatting with children...feeding and putting them to bed with a little story, and being away from the family has troubled me throughout my...life. i like relaxing at the house, reading quietly, taking in the sweet smell that comes from the pots, sitting around a table with the family and taking out my wife and children. when you can no longer enjoy these simple pleasures something valuable is taken away from your life and you feel it in your daily work.
Maurice Strong|I see humanity now as one vast plant, needing for its highest fulfillment only love, the natural blessings of the great outdoors, and intelligent crossing and selection.
Bill Watterson, Scientific Progress Goes "Boink": A Calvin and Hobbes Collection|Compassion for animals is intimately associated with goodness of character, and it may be confidently asserted that he who is cruel to animals cannot be a good man.
Friedrich August von Hayek|The person you consider ignorant and insignificant is the one who came from God, that he might learn bliss from grief and knowledge from gloom.
Jess Rothenberg, The Catastrophic History of You and Me|You can obsess and obsess over how things ended—what you did wrong or could have done differently—but there's not much of a point. It's not like it'll change anything. So really, why worry?
Cory Booker|Democrats fought to get health insurance for more Americans. Democrats fought for a strong consumer agency so big banks can't cheat people. We fought, we won, and we improved the lives of millions of people - thank you, President Obama!
Hjalmar Branting|A majority in all parties do, I think, want to see local government recover its old vigour and independence.
Ansul Noor, Soul Fire|Inconstancy of every second punishes me.The wind, the rain, the clouds, the days,I try to grasp the hours but they banish me,And I remain in the vortex of incongruity.The lone coyote shrieks,Startling my soul into wakefulness.The Cacti bloom and the Wren beckons,Deepening my mind into dreamlessness.And the moments spend time with inconstancy,increasing the ease of uneasiness.Why this daily pilgrimage of ideas?When no saint has ever ceased the day!Still yearning for some magic hour,Where nothing but permanence dwells.Alas, only this thought be the only truth,That certainty in death is constant.And so, in every second, minute, hour,our only gain is memory.Be it bitter or sweet:it is ours!Rejoice.
Simon Mainwaring|In 2006, I entered the presidential palace in the main square of La Paz as the first indigenous president of Bolivia. Our government, under the slogan 'Bolivia Changes,' is committed to ending the colonialism, racism and exclusion that many of our people lived under for many centuries.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|So if you have to live amongst men, you must allow everyone the right to exist in accordance with the character he has, whatever it turns out to be: and all you should strive to do is to make use of this character in such a way as its kind and nature permit, rather than to hope for any alteration in it, or to condemn it off-hand for what it is. This is the true sense of the maxim--Live and let live. That, however, is a task which is difficult in proportion as it is right; and he is a happy man who can once for all avoid having to do with a great many of his fellow creatures.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We would like the truth to be revealed to us by novel signs, not by a sentence, a sentence similar to those which we have constantly repeated to ourselves. The habit of thinking prevents us at times from experiencing reality, immunises us against it, makes it seem no more than another thought. There is no idea that does not carry in itself its possible refutation, no word that does not imply its opposite.
Shirley M Hufstedler|Love's easy to learn. It's like taking a risk. You set your mind on it and refuse to be afraid, and in no time you feel terrifically exhilarated and all your inhibitions fly out of the window.
Zadie Smith, On Beauty|People talk about the happy quiet that can exist between two loves, but this, too, was great; sitting between his sister and his brother, saying nothing, eating. Before the world existed, before it was populated, and before there were wars and jobs and colleges and movies and clothes and opinions and foreign travel -- before all of these things there had been only one person, Zora, and only one place: a tent in the living room made from chairs and bed-sheets. After a few years, Levi arrived; space was made for him; it was as if he had always been. Looking at them both now, Jerome found himself in their finger joints and neat conch ears, in their long legs and wild curls. He heard himself in their partial lisps caused by puffy tongues vibrating against slightly noticeable buckteeth. He did not consider if or how or why he loved them. They were just love: they were the first evidence he ever had of love, and they would be the last confirmation of love when everything else fell away.
Libba Bray, Beauty Queens|I've had so many bikini waxes, I cry every time I see a Popsicle stick.
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|I remember wanting to flee her, and being unable to flee her, so in need of her and half hating her for it, and I still am nauseous from it.
Tahir Shah, In Arabian Nights: A Caravan of Moroccan Dreams|Apathy is a trap. There is no challenge... so there is no reward. Remember, there is always free cheese in a mousetrap.
Suzan Battah, BaSatai: Outside In # 1|Armani halted, thinking twice about making her way over there, but she pushed forward not wanting to believe something was wrong. There was nothing worse than walking into a nightmare. And Armani just did. The air in her lungs seized when she saw her draped all over him. She blinked a few times, but Lily was still pressing her body all over Rafael.Armani wanted to kill her, right then and there.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Quiet is a blessed gift. In this frantic world how we must cherish every moment of it, and carve it out for ourselves every chance we get.
Ashly Lorenzana|I felt good that, although there was no future, there would always be a past.
Nouman Ali Khan|It is when things are at their worst that Allah will raise the best generation. The generation that the Prophet would be told Sahabat should look up to. So maybe the fact that you are living in the darkest of time means that Allah thinks you can be the strongest source of light.Allah thinks you -- you -- were born for this time. That's Allah's decision. Which means you have something significant to offer the world. You have some serious trees to plant. And you have to not get overwhelmed with the news around you. Even if dajjal is tapping you on the shoulders. Say (to Dajjal), "Hold on, I'm planting a tree". You do what you gotta do. You gotta focus.
Tallulah Bankhead|You can make of fool of others but not you. ... You can forgive others for their mistakes, but not you for your own mistakes.
Noam Chomsky, On Anarchism|The more I see of the representatives of the people, the more I admire my dogs.
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster|At least I don't look like a Christmas tree.""You look like the star atop the tree.
Gaelen Foley, My Ruthless Prince|You should not have kissed me," she replied breathlessly."I do a lot of things I shouldn't. It does not mean I won't do them again.
Cecelia Ahern, Love, Rosie|Well, sometimes home is a person.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, The Little Prince|But if you tame me, then weshall need each other. To me, you will be unique in all the world. To you, Ishall be unique in all the world.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Humans should be grateful if they haven't been in contact withaliens, while humans are still making bloodshed with each other.
Robert O'Sullivan|Hippos are the very definition of Disney cute. There is no way you could look at a big, fat, squishy, huggable hippo and not think, "Id she could talk like a human, she would sound just like Jada Pinkett Smith and be oh so sassy." You would totally name her Sassy-baskets, and she would be your tutu-wearing, ballet-dancing, strut-walking pal for life. Just you and Sassy-baskets against the world!
T.S. Eliot, Old Possum's Book of Practical Cats|Gus is the Cat at the Theatre Door.His name, as I ought to have told you before,Is really Asparagus. That's such a fussTo pronounce, that we usually call him just Gus.His coat's very shabby, he's thin as a rake,And he suffers from palsy that makes his paw shake.Yet he was, in his youth, quite the smartest of Cats —But no longer a terror to mice or to rats.For he isn't the Cat that he was in his prime;Though his name was quite famous, he says, in his time.And whenever he joins his friends at their club(which takes place at the back of the neighbouring pub)He loves to regale them, if someone else pays,With anecdotes drawn from his palmiest days.For he once was a Star of the highest degree —He has acted with Irving, he's acted with Tree.And he likes to relate his success on the Halls,Where the Gallery once gave him seven cat-calls.But his grandest creation, as he loves to tell,Was Firefrorefiddle, the Fiend of the Fell.
Michael Lee West, American Pie|This guy was beyond lucky. He was Midas with a better attorney, or the owner of a Monkey’s Paw version 2.0, or Richard Cory on Prozac.
Erica Jong|Many people today believe that cynicism requires courage. Actually, cynicism is the height of cowardice. It is innocence and open-heartedness that requires the true courage-however often we are hurt as a result of it.
Roman Payne|I like the posture, but not the yoga. I like the inebriated morning, but not the opium. I like the flower but not the garden, the moment but not the dream. Quiet, my love. Be still. I am sleeping.
Alan W. Watts|Zen is a liberation from time. For if we open our eyes and see clearly, it becomes obvious that there is no other time than this instant, and that the past and the future are abstractions without any concrete reality.
Kenneth Eade, Absolute Intolerance|No, I would not say that assault with a baseball bat constitutes "justice being done.
Aysha Taryam|Just as one goes on a fast or a body cleanse you owe it to yourselves to detox your mind, it will not be easy but easy never yielded lasting results.
Beatrice Rose Roberts, Twin Loyalties: From the Chronicles of Tar Ponds City|At her words, words of forgiveness from Rose, an honest and just woman, something broke inside of Wince. His tears began to flow. Age seemed to drift from his face like misty ghosts from a morning field. Katie lifted his chin and, holding back her own tears, looked into his eyes. "Thank you, Wince."Eve placed her free hand on his shoulder. "May we hold her now?"Wince nodded and gently released the baby into the waiting arms of her sisters."You did the right thing, Wince." Rose gave Wince a hug. "And you can help us bury her after Wilson and the Tar Ponds City Police see if they can find anybody to lay charges against after all this time.
Igor Stravinsky|It is so characteristic, that just when the mechanics of reproduction are so vastly improved, there are fewer and fewer people who know how the music should be played.
Elaine Marolakos Edelson, Aries Fire|A warrior becomes experienced by being defeated; a scholar by making mistakes. Defeat and mistakes we have left in the past," he said.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|My inner waters are healthy, balanced, and full of bliss for all time.
Paul Levy, Dispelling Wetiko|The ego isn't a bad thing. If we didn't develop a strong ego, a strong sense of self, we wouldn't be able to relate to and engage with the extremely powerful and archetypal forces (both dark and light) of the unconscious. If we don't have a strongly developed sense of self (even though it is not, ultimately speaking, the true self), we will get overwhelmed and taken over by the powers of the unconscious such that we will compulsively act them out.
Bryant McGill|Ambition is not what a man would do, but what a man does, for ambition without action is fantasy.
Scott Kelly|I went to the University of Maryland for a year and was considering maybe, you know, being a medical doctor but decided my other interest was maybe flying airplanes in the Navy and just kind of changed my mind and changed schools and changed majors and decided to focus a hundred percent on that.
Tamara Ferguson, Magical Weddings: 15 Enchanting Romances|This will be the way I’ll be remembering you, Kel,” he whispered softly into her ear, “in this beautiful place, where all that I’m thinking about it how much I want you.
Stephanie Perkins, Isla and the Happily Ever After|I write for pages,get lost in the mezzaninehidden from stages.
Norman Spinrad, Riding the Torch|The sound came again. There was a whistle to it, and a moan. It was almost a hiss, and it could’ve been a strangled gasp. Above all, it was quiet, and it seemed to have no source. It whispered.
Eileen Anglin|As you awaken to the new day, put your hands to your heart, breath in and say: I am loved. I am love. I love, I love, I love.
Felicia Day, You're Never Weird on the Internet|I’m just surprised your parents let you go online,” Call said. It was such a regular, non-fancy way to waste time. When he imagined her outside the Magisterium, having fun, he imagined her riding a polo pony, although he wasn’t exactly sure what that was or how it was different from a regular pony.
Roshan Sharma|The journey of a human is not the process of evolution, but to know thy-self.
Kobayashi Issa, Japanese Haiku|I was drawn to his aloofness, the way cats gravitate toward people who’d rather avoid them.
Gloria E. Anzaldúa, Interviews/Entrevistas|What is a Poet? He is a man speaking to men: a man, it is true, endued with more lively sensibility, more enthusiasm and tenderness, who has a greater knowledge of human nature, and a more comprehensive soul, than are supposed to be common among mankind; a man pleased with his own passions and volitions, and who rejoices more than other men in the spirit of life that is in him; delighting to contemplate similar volitions and passions as manifested in the goings-on of the universe, and habitually impelled to create them where he does not find them.
Ben Horowitz|Music is the most powerful form of communication in the world. It brings us all together. Even religion separates us, but a hit record unites us across religious beliefs, race, politics.
Stephen King, The Green Mile|Laughter and irony are at heart reminders that we are not prisoners in this world, but voyagers through it.
Farshad Asl|At the end of each day, write down three things from the day you feel grateful for, and you will attract positive things into your life. Decide today that you are going to get rid of negativity in your life and let positive thoughts take root. Get your brain into a good, happy, grateful and positive mindset daily.
Thomas R. Martin, Ancient Greece: From Prehistoric to Hellenistic Times|What had happened was that the formal pattern of black-and-white, mistress-and-servant, had been broken by the personal relation; and when a white man in Africa by accident looks into the eyes of a native and sees the human being (which it is his chief preoccupation to avoid), his sense of guilt, which he denies, fumes up in resentment and he brings down the whip.
David Livingstone Smith, Less Than Human: Why We Demean, Enslave, and Exterminate Others|Dehumanization isn’t a way of talking. It’s a way of thinking—a way of thinking that, sadly, comes all too easily to us. Dehumanization is a scourge, and has been so for millennia. It acts as a psychological lubricant, dissolving our inhibitions and inflaming our destructive passions. As such, it empowers us to perform acts that would, under other circumstances, be unthinkable.
Andrew Ross Sorkin|I have always looked at the world through the prism of money to some degree. If you could follow the money, it explains a lot of things, in all sorts of aspects of the world. You can look at politics through the prism of money. You can look at art through the prism of money. You can look at sports through the prism of money.
Philip Pullman, The Amber Spyglass|The average human lifespan compared to the age of the universe is the same as comparing a blink of an eye to that human lifespan. Relatively speaking, short and long lifespans are the same. Both are non-existent compared to the infinite that’s ahead. Furthermore, we cannot change the past, and have no guarantees for the future. We are only in charge of the present. The present is nothing—and it is everything.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Although you may not know where the road will end, you dare travel on it.
Teri Hall, The Line|Don't you see? You can't be brave without being afraid. The brave ones are always afraid. But they do what they must, even so.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|She is a good girl," Park said. "You don't even know her." His dad was standing, pushing Park toward the door. "Go," he said sternly. "Go play basketball or something.""Good girls don't dress like boys," his mother said.
Lisa Wingate, Firefly Island|Mr Cobb would acquaint him, that when he was his age, his father thought no more of giving him a parental kick, or a box on the ears, or a cuff on the head, or some little admonition of that sort, than he did of any other ordinary duty of life; and he would further remark, with looks of great significance, that but for this judicious bringing up, he might have never been the man he was at that present speaking; which was probable enough, as he was, beyond all question, the dullest dog of the party.
Sara Sheridan|When a writer first begins to write, he or she feels the samefirst thrill of achievement that the young gambler or oboeplayer feels: winning a little, losing some, the gambler sees theglorious possibilities, exactly as the young oboist feels an indescribablethrill when he gets a few phrases to sound like realmusic, phrases implying an infinite possibility for satisfactionand self-expression. As long as the gambler or oboist is onlyplaying at being a gambler or oboist, everything seems possible.But when the day comes that he sets his mind on becoming a professional, suddenly he realizes how much there is to learn, how little he knows.
Dakota Fanning|Football games are on TV, and it doesn't affect stadium attendance at all. It's the same with movies. People who really love movies and like to go out on a Saturday night will go to the movie theater.
Kryssie Fortune, Curse of the Fae King|Make no mistake, Marin...a Dragon Guardian may not always be the one sitting upon the throne, but he or she is the protector of the entire realm.
Barack Obama|Governments are instituted among men, deriving their just powers from the consent of the governed, that whenever any form of government becomes destructive of these ends, it is the right of the people to alter or abolish it, and to institute new government, laying its foundation on such principles, and organizing its powers in such form, as to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness.
Terry Pratchett, Mort|His granny taught him to read, see. I reckon it overheated his mind.
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|It’s about Nietzsche’s theory of universal debt. Your parents make it possible for you to believe a far better myth than Santa. They let you think that you, as a kid, don’t owe the world a thing. The world can give you, even if just for a few minutes, utter joy without requiring anything from you. It’s not about consumerism. As far as you know, no one buys you these presents. They come out of nothingness, with fantasies of elves attached. You aren’t required to be grateful to your parents or anything like that. They can give to you and nothing is required in return. When you get old enough, when you have kids, you get to enact this myth for them. It has nothing to do with any fat man in a red suit, no matter what we tell ourselves. It’s about owing nothing, and then realizing that you have to do this job of perpetuating this… this fantasy world, whether you like it or not.
Emily C.A. Snyder, Nachtstürm Castle: A Gothic Austen Novel|Another strike of lightening – now accompanied by the deep-bellied rumble, and the horse reared, incidentally setting Henry very picturesquely against the inconstant moon. Alas, Catherine was deeply engaged in her argument with Old Edric and this missed entirely the melodramatic display. But we may assume that, possessing so strong an imagination, Catherine had often pictured Henry thus...
Shawn Amos|Look at Jessica Simpson. She's famous for being dumb. I guess it started with Marylyn Monroe, and she actually wasn't that dumb, but that's how she was perceived - and that's what got popular.
Emily Lloyd-Jones, The Hearts We Sold|That is why I take the younger ones, you see. You already give parts of your hearts away so easily--little fragments attached to celebrities, to hobbies, to ill-fated love affairs. Your kind have the best chance at survival.
Saint Teresa of Avila|When I was a seminarian, I was dazzled by a girl I met at an uncle's wedding. I was surprised by her beauty, her intellectual brilliance... and, well, I was bowled over for quite a while.
Barbara Rogan|Life's full of surprises, and they ain't all bad.
Peter Redgrove|Consistency is a virtue for trains: what we want from a philosopher is insights, whether he comes by them consistently or not.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|What rent do you pay here?" I inquired. "I don’t know,—what is it, Sam?" "All we make," answered Sam. It is a depressing place,—bare, unshaded, with no charm of past association, only a memory of forced human toil,—now, then, and before the war. They are not happy, these black men whom we meet throughout this region. There is little of the joyous abandon and playfulness which we are wont to associate with the plantation Negro.
Paul Auster, The Invention of Solitude|Memory, therefore, not simply as the resurrection of one’s private past, but an immersion in the past of others, which is to say: history - which one both participates in and is a witness to, is a part of and apart from. Everything, therefore, is present in his mind at once, as if each element were reflecting the light of all the others, and at the same time emitting its own unique and unquenchable radiance.
Jessica Valenti, Sex Object|Still, somehow, inexplicably, “man-hater” is a word tossed around with insouciance as if this was a real thing that did harm. Meanwhile we have no real word for men who kill women. Is the word just “men”?
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|I knew a girl, once, immortal like me-""And she was with someone mortal?" said Alec. "What happened?""He died," Magnus said. There was a finality to the way he said it that spoke of a deeper grief than words could paint.
Jack Kornfield, Bringing Home the Dharma: Awakening Right Where You Are|Attachment is conditional, offers love only to certain people in certain ways; it is exclusive. Love, in the sense of metta, used by Buddha, is a universal, nondiscriminating feeling of caring and connectedness.
Debasish Mridha|Speak blessings, and write wishes. ~T.F. Hodge
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is The Destination: A Photo Journal|Freedom for freedoms sake."~R. Alan Woods [2006]
Nursery Rhyme|I have known him (Micawber) come home to supper with a flood of tears  and a declaration that nothing was now left but a jail  and go to bed making a calculation of the expense of putting bow-windows to the house  "in case anything turned up " which was his favorite expression.
Debasish Mridha|When you love, lover is loving you.
A.F. Stewart, Ruined City|I look at the others, simpering courtiers and visiting dignitaries, all unsuspecting of what is to come. A merciful man should spare them, but I had mercy cut out of me at a young age.
Khaled Hosseini, And the Mountains Echoed|This was a factory, a sorting house. We were no different from dogs and pigs and cows: all of us were allowed to play when we were small, but then, just before reaching maturity, we were sorted and classified. Being a high school student was the first step toward becoming a domestic animal.
Heather Graham, Night Moves|Each man follows his own path - his own destiny, if you will. And only he is responsible for the choice.
Michael Ende, The Neverending Story|It was a wonderful feeling, a sense of release and boundless freedom that he had never known before. He was beyond the reach of all the things that had weighed him down and hemmed him in.
Michael  Grant, Light|Come live with us, Diana. Don't argue. Just say yes."Diana looked at the ground to hide her emotions. Then she said, "Would I have to be hearing you two going at it night and day?
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...how are you sacred to me? your lines are golden threads - your patter, my patten - I explore the liturgy of your words...
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|I could leave—because I could return. I could return—because I knew adventure lay just beyond an open door. Instead of either/or, I discovered a whole world of and.
Annie Caulfield|It takes time to see the desert; you have to keep looking at it. When you've looked long neough, you realise the blank wastes of sand and rock are teemming with life. Just as you can keep looking at a person and suddenly realise that the way you see them has completely changed: from being a stranger, they've gradually revealed themselves as someone with a wealth of complexities and surprising subtleties that you're growing to love. 
Sanjida Kay, Bone by Bone|He tried to recall the look of her eyes the day they first met. He closed his eyes and concentrated, but as he envisioned Kalila's car passing by, he couldn't decide if it was a memory or a dream.
Mercedes Lackey, Exile's Honor|There’s a saying in Hardorn,” she continued. “‘You shouldn’t attempt to teach a goat to sing. It will waste your time, hurt your ears, and annoy the goat.’ I can say without fear of contradiction that the goat is getting annoyed.
C.C. Hunter, Taken at Dusk|Okay... My name is Ellie Mason and I have a feeling you don't like me." Kylie stopped and swerved around... "Okay, let's get something out in the open. I know you had sex with Derek." "Damn!" Perry said, and grinned. "This is gonna be better than I thought.
Cole Ryan, Dating: I Think We've Missed The Point|I thought of Marius. Wild, wonderful, Byronic-fantasy Marius, who had somehow found something he wanted in the everyday quietness of me. Until he hadn't.
Maud Hart Lovelace, Betsy and Tacy Go Downtown|Well, Betsy," he said, "your mother tells me that you are going to use Uncle Keith's trunk for a desk. That's fine. You need a desk. I've often noticed how much you like to write. The way you eat up those advertising tablets from the store! I never saw anything like it. I can't understand it though. I never write anything but checks myself. ""Bob!" said Mrs. Ray. "You wrote the most wonderful letters to me before we were married. I still have them, a big bundle of them. Every time I clean house I read them over and cry.""Cry, eh?" said Mr. Ray, grinning. "In spite of what your mother says, Betsy, if you have any talent for writing, it comes from family. Her brother Keith was mighty talented, and maybe you are too. Maybe you're going to be a writer."Betsy was silent, agreeably abashed."But if you're going to be a writer," he went on, "you've got to read. Good books. Great books. The classics.
Albert Brooks|Even though my father was a radio comedian, it wasn't cool to say, at a young age, 'I want to be a comedian.'
Debi Gliori|In essence, the Thai people are not materialistic at all. They're not in the least driven by the kind of ambition that drives us. The more I got to know them, and the more time I spent with them, the more I understood that this was a totally legitimate attitude to life, and why not?
Margaret Atwood, Bluebeard's Egg|Like all good mothers, she always knew the worst was going to happen and was disappointed and relieved when it finally did.
Thomas Buergenthal|We will make ourselves comfortable and sleep, and eat as much as we can stuff into our bellies, and drink and smoke so that hours are not wasted. Life is short.
Nicholas Gane, Max Weber and Postmodern Theory: Rationalization Versus Re-enchantment|Processes of rationalization and disenchantment engender a shift from a social order founded upon value-rational beliefs and governed through charismatic and traditional forms of authority, to an order ruled by the force of instrumental reason and dominated by new forms of institutional bureaucracy. This movement results in the depersonalization of the social world: instrumental calculation steadily suppresses the passionate pursuit of ultimate values, and bureaucracy reduces the scope for individual initiative and personal fulfillment... instrumental reason... is not only tied to the devaluation or disenchantment of the highest and most sublime values and ideals, but places important limits on the scope for individual autonomy and freedom in the modern world.
George Gaylord Simpson|To put it crudely but graphically, the monkey who did not have a realistic perception of the tree branch he jumped for was soon a dead monkey—and therefore did not become one of our ancestors.
Quinton Skinner|Led Zep played with light and shade, ear-splitting noise and echoing quiet. They could do it all.
Deyth Banger|Thus his belief was that in a service where feeling could be restrained it ought to be restrained. The power of God was more likely to be known in a solemn stillness than amid noise and excitement. Silence and an expectant seriousness, born of a realisation of the nearness of God, were striking characteristics of the services at Sandfields.
Greg Dutilly|I've always liked rooms where the party hasn't started yet...I love the feeling that anything could happen. After the party, when anything already has happened, there's usually the inevitable fact to face that anything wasn't all you'd hoped it to be.
Venus Williams|As far as oligarchs who acquire sports team abroad, and invest money abroad, I wouldn't treat this phenomenon as something bad.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|There must be a demand, there must be an urge and there must be a will and where there is a demand and a will, there will also be a way.
Mark Twain|The expression often used by Mr. Herbert Spencer of the Survival of the Fittest is more accurate, and is sometimes equally convenient.
Ogwo David Emenike|Genius is always allowed some leeway, once the hammer has been pried from its hands and the blood has been cleaned up.
Cass van Krah|It's so frustrating that everybody rags on eighties music, when there's a lot of terrific stuff out there," he said. "There's no irony to it. It's not afraid to just be happy or enthusiastic or earnest. Or to have melody. Sure, you can blame it for being naive, but isn't that refreshing next to the whiny navel-gazing that came after it?
Amartya Sen|The poor man is called a socialist if he believes that the wealth of the rich should be divided among the poor, but the rich man is called a financier if he devises a plan by which the pittance of the poor can be converted to his use.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|But I’ve kept first of March as my birthday as I like to tease Zed about dating an older woman. And my parents wouldn’t understand if I told them about the soulfinder bond and tried to change it.”“They don’t know?”“Well, I think they’ve picked up that there’s something special between Zed and me but I’m not sure how I’d even start to explain to non-savants. I was exactly overjoyed when Zed filled me in about it all the first time.”“What did you do?”“Thumped him with a shopping bag and told him he was a jerk.”“Ouch.
Margaret Atwood|We need intelligence services to fight against terrorism, but they have to respect the principles of good relationships between allies and protect personal, confidential data.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|The attitude of the city on his action was of no importance to him, not because he was going to leave the city, but because any outside attitude on the situation seemed superficial. He was completely indifferent to popular opinion.
Italo Calvino, Mr Palomar|A person, for example, reads in adulthood a book that is important for him, and it makes him say, "How could I have lived without reading it!" and also, "What a pity I did not read it in my youth!" Well, these statements do not have much meaning, especially the second, because after he has read that book, his life becomes the life of a person who has read that book, and it is of little importance whether he read it early or late, because now his life before that reading also assumes a form shaped by that reading.
Ron Rolheiser|Some primal force roared inside him, his possessive streak taking charge. He cupped the back of her head, her hair falling over the back of his hand like silk, and tightened his grip. The moment she softened against him, he took control.
Bryce Dallas Howard|Around '93, '94, the conventional wisdom about the Internet was that it was a toy for academics and researchers. So it was very, very underestimated for about two years.
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|The beauty of a living thing is not the atoms that go into it, but the way those atoms are put together.
Susan Weitzman, Not To People Like Us: Hidden Abuse In Upscale Marriages|Canadian researcher Donald Dutton . . has written that marital work with a man who has a history of relationship violence may be a “conflict-generator” and that individual work . . should come first for both husband and wife. …Marital therapy does not provide the battered woman the kind of safety she needs for rebuilding her strength and finding her identity. The consequences may be severe if she is truthful in a couple’s session. She may be too afraid. Moreover, many upscale batterers can be charming and persuasive and may convey a far different image of themselves to the therapist than the one that reflects the woman’s reality at home.
R.B. O'Brien|I was always the girl growing up who just wasn’t quite like the rest of them. I liked working hard. I liked contorting my body until I could feel the ache inside my bones, until I could feel the pain in my teeth. I liked to wear lipstick and nothing else and found myself fascinated with the shape of my lips and the different colors I could make them. I ate too little. Slept too much. Masturbated far too often and at far too young an age. I enjoyed the feeling of being naked alone behind closed doors, exploring my deepest secrets within my imagination, as I put my hand over the rapid pace of my heart to feel how nervous it made me. I blushed at the faintest mention of my name and almost perished when complimented. I loved to find the answers behind someone’s eyes. There’s nothing quite like the feeling of when someone REALLY looks at you. And I read. Every chance I got.
Hezekiah Butterworth, The Story of the Hymns and Tunes|A theology that endangers life rather than "giving life" is one that cannot accept the title of being adequately Christian.
Harold Prince|You learn something out of everything, and you come to realize more than ever that we're all here for a certain space of time, and, and then it's going to be over, and you better make this count.
Gordon Donaldson, Eighteen Men: The Prime Ministers Of Canada|[Richard Bedford Bennett] was the richest Prime Minister and the only millionaire to hold office before Pierre Trudeau. His money obviously colored his thinking -- colored it true blue -- but he did not consider it a political drawback. No leader, he said, could serve the public properly if he was constantly looking over his shoulder at the shadow of debts. This theory is now widely accepted in the United States where it has become practically impossible for a non-millionaire to run for high office without selling pieces of himself like a prize-fighter. Yet the public still suspects a self-made millionaire like Lyndon Johnson while revering the much-richer John F. Kennedy, who got it all from his father. 
Alan Moore, The Ballad of Halo Jones|You people do not have to live like this!" the man pleaded. "We are humans, made in the image of God. No machine has the right to order us around." The man reached inside his box, no bigger than a foot square, and took out a small black book. "Here is the truth. Read it!"Before anyone could act, one of the Sentries aimed its red eye at the babbling man, and shot out a deadly energy ray. With a final shout of defiance, the man fell to the ground, dead. The contents of his container spilling out onto the spaceport's floor. Marcellus looked down at the items, so precious to the man: they were copies of The Koran and The Bible.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|I rose from marsh mudalgae, equisetum, willows,sweet green, noisybirds and frogs.
Ian Lamont|In the online math class, there was almost no meaningful student/teacher or student/student interaction. To equate this type of online learning with a real-world classroom experience is a major stretch.
Tessa Dare, A Week to Be Wicked|Her chin lifted. "Very well. Here is my best offer. Half of my nakedness for all of yours."He pretended to think on it. " It's a bargain.
Sadhguru, Mystic's Musings|We must stand up against old age and make up for its drawbacks by taking pains. We must fight it as we should an illness. We must look after our health, use moderate exercise, take just enough food and drink to recruit, but not to overload, our strength. Nor is it the body alone that must be supported, but the intellect and soul much more.
Victoria Manning, Broken Chains: Broken Chains|The dark, cold grasp you took on me, has tangled me completely
Alister E. McGrath, Mere Apologetics: How to Help Seekers and Skeptics Find Faith|For Christian writers, religious faith is not a rebellion against reason, but a revolt against the imprisonment of humanity within the cold walls of a rationalist dogmatism.
Thucydides, History of the Peloponnesian War|I think the two things most opposed to good counsel are haste and passion; haste usaully goes hand in hand with folly, passion with coarseness and narrowness of mind.
Thomas Harding|Medicine directly to the disease doesn't work, rather, the root cause needs to be diagnosed! Similarly the evil deeds of Man can never be fixed unless the evil heart behind it, is fixed at the first place!
Craig D. Lounsbrough|We think that boxes take everything that’s bad and they lock all that nasty stuff out, when in reality they take everything that we are and they lock all of those great things in.
Julie Buxbaum, What to Say Next|... life is a series of tiny, unavoidable decisions.
Lisa Kleypas, Mine Till Midnight|Be that as it may, I think someday you'll meet a man worth giving up your independence for.
Kristen Ashley, The Gamble|I looked to the ceiling and told God, “God, next time I want an adventure, strike me with lightning. You have my permission.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|Yes, I am here. And you are lucky to be here too after all the absurd things you've done since you left home.
John Updike, In the Beauty of the Lilies|Dollars had once gathered like autumn leaves on the wooden collection plates; dollars were the flourishing sign of God's specifically American favor, made manifest in the uncountable millions of Carnegie and Mellon and Henry Ford and Catholina Lambert. But amid this fabled plenty the whiff of damnation had cleared of dollars and cents the parched ground around Clarence Wilmot.
Joel Shepherd, Crossover|Capability doesn't equal intent, Doctor. Do you want what she knows or not? Because if you keep looking at her like the caged lab rat, she'll keep looking at you like the evil bloody scientist with the big syringe.
John Ruskin|A coach, especially at a college level - much more at a college or high school level, than at a pro level - you're more of a teacher than an actual coach.
Amy Heckerling|My dad sat me in front of the TV, and instead of putting on Nick Jr. or something, he put me in front of 'Jailhouse Rock' and all the Elvis movies.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Every plant, tree, and animal is a blessing and every person has a purpose for living. Courage, curiosity, and generosity produce noble spirits. Enduring life honorably results in wisdom. Knowledge passed down from one generation to the next along with humankind's tradition of performing charitable and self-sacrificing deeds creates principled legacies for future generations to emulate.
Cathy Bryant, Miller's Creek Forgiveness Collection: Christian Romantic Suspense and Companion Bible Study|Maybe it's just easier to hold onto resentment and bitterness.But when you hold onto them, you're imprisoning yourself, not the other person. Not forgiving is pretty heavy baggage to carry around.
Ben Shapiro|Success is a process, a quality of mind and way of being, an outgoing affirmation of life.
Alaina Stanford, When Magic Fails|Jack sprung to his feet out of reach. "I'd prefer to finish this intact. " "My apologies,” Cabal said, grinning viciously. "l keep forgetting, you're only human." His smile softened to full amusement as Jack raised his sword in challenge."Human or not," Jack said as he slowly approached him. "I carry the advantage of unworldly knowledge. "" Is that what you're doing?" Cabal laughed; "Something unworldly?""I have a vast library of knowledge inside my head from my homeland.""What knowledge could your world offer that would be useful here?""How about a toilet?" Jack winked at Nicole.“Perhaps you should build one and leave us all in awe.” Cabal declared.“People could call them ‘Jacks’ for short.” Nicole added to the conversation.
Fennel Hudson, A Writer's Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 3|There’s no such thing as writer’s block, so long as you’ve had plenty of time to think about what you want to write.
Thucydides, History of the Peloponnesian War|They [his readers, whom he asks to be his friends] will find that I have always loved truth so passionately that I have often resorted to lying as a way of first introducing it into minds which were ignorant of its charms” (Casanova, p.34, Vol 1 Preface).
Paul Bowles, The Spider's House|That still did not invalidate their purity in his eyes, so long as they continued to live the way they lived: sitting on the floor, eating with their fingers, cooking and sleeping first in one room, then in another, or in the vast patio with its fountains, or on the roof, leading the existence of nomads inside the beautiful shell which was the house. If he had felt that they were capable of discarding their utter preoccupation with the present, in order to consider the time not yet arrived, he would straightway have lost interest in them and condemned them as corrupt.
Umberto Eco, Numero zero|Nowhere in the world, Rud reflected, was journalism anything but a malignant and wanton power. Later on, as the Common-sense Movement grew, he had to think a lot about that. He had to spread a new system of ideas throughout the world, and journalism would neither instruct nor inform nor lend itself consistently to any sustained propaganda.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|The idea that the creative endeavor and mind-altering substances are entwined is one of the great pop-intellectual myths of our time. ... Substance abusing writers are just substance abusers — common garden variety drunks and druggies, in other words. Any claims that the drugs and alcohol are necessary to dull a finer sensibility are just the usual self-serving bullshit. I've heard alcoholic snowplow drivers make the same claim, that they drink to still the demons.
Alfred de Musset, Lorenzaccio|Atlas was permitted the opinion that he was at liberty, if he wished, to drop the Earth and creep away; but this opinion was all that he was permitted.
Rudyard Kipling|Do your best when no one is looking. If you do that, then you can be successful in anything that you put your mind to.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|Nine times out of ten, failure is resorting to Plan B when Plan A gets too risky, too costly, or too difficult. That's why most people are living their Plan B. They didn't burn the ships. Plan A people don't have a Plan B...There are moments in life when we need to burn the ships to our past. We do so by making a defining decision that will eliminate the possibility of sailing back to the old world we left behind. You burn the ships named Past Failure and Past Success. You burn the ship named Bad Habit. You burn the ship named Regret. You burn the ship named Guilt. You burn the ship named My Old Way of Life.
Gordon Gee|I encourage everyone to pay attention to the issues that matter to you, from jobs and the economy, to education and our schools, to criminal justice reform. Whatever it is that you care about, make sure you use your voice.
Kiera Cass|Break my heart for what breaks yours. Everything I am for you kingdom's cause, as I walk from nothing to eternity.
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|When we’re all living in the space of the inner child, loving, honoring, respecting, and embracing its desires, we are at peace.
Libbie Hawker, Daughter of Sand and Stone|Because it is my destiny, Zabdas! Because I've always known the gods made me for something more -- more than just a wife, just a mother, just a woman. They made me for power!
Dominic Riccitello|It’ll always be mine, but it’ll always be your heart.
J.C. Patrick, A Hollywood Classic|He stares at me, not saying a word. I stare right back, lost in his eyes and determined to get my point across. If he wants to have a staring contest, he’ll lose, hands down. I know a good thing when I see it.
Emma Roberts|Fashion, for me, is anything that's aesthetic and beautiful. Art, food, film. It's something that I appreciate and really like.
D. H. Lawrence|Knowledge has to be improved, challenged, and increased constantly, or it vanishes.
Sarah Dessen, Dreamland|This is going to hurt, but you will have to watch other couples be happier, richer and louder than you. Wait. No obstacle can withstand patience. Wait. You may not think so now, but there will come a time when you will be tempted to run away. Would that be right? Would that be fair? As every matriarch discovers, entire seasons will pass without reward. As your mate's peculiarities add up, what do you do? Wait!pg 45
Janos Kadar|I am too weary to listen, too angry to hear.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|Christmas Eve, 1955, Benny Profane, wearing black levis, suede jacket, sneakers and big cowboy hat, happened to pass through Norfolk, Virginia. Given to sentimental impulses, he thought he'd look in on the Sailor's Grave, his old tin can's tavern on East Main Street.
Mohammad Azharuddin|I do not believe that sheer suffering teaches. If suffering alone taught, all the world would be wise, since everyone suffers. To suffering must be added mourning, understanding, patience, love, openness and the willingness to remain vulnerable.
Cheryl Strayed, Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail|I was a terrible believer in things,but I was also a terrible nonbeliever in things. I was as searching as I was skeptical. I didn't know where to put my faith,or if there was such a place,or even what the word faith meant, in all of it's complexity. Everything seemed to be possibly potent and possibly fake.
Salman Rushdie, Midnight's Children|Good choice,' Laura Said. 'Our neighbour, Mrs Crabtree, came round this morning and she put it best. Her theory is that fame is like a bubble. It looks gorgeous on the outside, as if it's been painted with pretty colours, but when you pop it there's nothing there. She said that life, love and friendship are what matters, and that what you do is more important than what you show.
Amy Leigh Mercree, The Compassion Revolution: 30 Days of Living from the Heart|Remember, that username is a real person. Choose to spread the love online.
Sherwin Tjia, The World Is a Heartbreaker|die daily.hourly, if you'vegot the energy.
Sylvia Boorstein|The Buddha taught complete honesty, with the extra instruction that everything a person says should be truthful and helpful.
Mary Oliver|There are things you can’t reach. ButYou can reach out to them, and all day long.The wind, the bird flying away. The idea of god.And it can keep you busy as anything else, and happier.I look; morning to night I am never done with looking.Looking I mean not just standing around, but standing aroundAs though with your arms open.
P. J. O'Rourke|Abstract anger is great for rhetorical carrying on. You can go on endlessly about the post office, but it doesn't mean you're mad at your mailman.
Betty White|Humor in a relationship is so important. Many women will say that. Some say, 'If they can make you laugh, it's the sexiest thing on earth.'
Neale Donald Walsch|Do not waste the precious moments of this, your present reality, seeking to unveil all of life's secrets. Those secrets are a secret for a reason. Grant your God the benefit of the doubt. Use your NOW moment for the Highest Purpose- the creation and the expression of WHO YOU REALLY ARE. Decide who you are- who you want to be-and then do everything in your power to be that.It is not nearly so important how well a message is received as how well it is sent. You cannot take responsibility for how well another accepts your truth; you can only ensure how well it is communicated. And by how well, I don't mean merely how clearly; I mean how lovingly, how compassionately, how sensitively, how courageously, and how completely.If you think your life is about DOINGNESS, you do not understand what you are about. Your soul doesn't care what you do for a living-and when your life is over, neither will you. Your soul cares only about what you're BEING while you're doing whatever you're doing. It is a state of BEINGNESS the soul is after, not a state of doingness.
Slavoj Žižek|One the one hand, our economists treat human beings as rational actors making choices to maximize their own economic benefit. On the other hand, the same companies that hire those economists also pay for advertising campaigns that use the raw materials of myth and magic to encourage people to act against their own best interests, whether it's a matter of buying overpriced fizzy sugar water or the much more serious matter of continuing to support the unthinking pursuit of business as usual in the teeth of approaching disaster.
John R. Dallas Jr., We Need to Have a Word: Words of Wisdom, Courage and Patience for Work, Home and Everywhere|Much of the geographical work of the past hundred years... has either explicitly or implicitly taken its inspiration from biology, and in particular Darwin. Many of the original Darwinians, such as Hooker, Wallace, Huxley, Bates, and Darwin himself, were actively concerned with geographical exploration, and it was largely facts of geographical distribution in a spatial setting which provided Darwin with the germ of his theory.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|When you accept that there is no success greater than inner-peace and contentment, you instantly qualify yourself for more success.
Derek Keck|233Life is for the living and the dead, she said in a smile,And flashed me a bit of pale thigh in the summer time
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|No one is responsible for what he is nor even for what he does. This is obvious and everyone more or less agrees that it is so. Then why celebrate or denigrate? Because to exist is to evaluate, to emit judgments, and because abstention, when it is not the effect of apathy or cowardice, requires an effort no one manages to make.
Michael Bassey Johnson, Classic Quotations From The Otherworlds|If you are not selfish and greedy, you picked up riches along the street.
James Rozoff|My Blood flows towards India ,bcoz India is in my Hear
Ronald Reagan|I have a foreboding of an America in my children's or grandchildren's time -- when the United States is a service and information economy; when nearly all the manufacturing industries have slipped away to other countries; when awesome technological powers are in the hands of a very few, and no one representing the public interest can even grasp the issues; when the people have lost the ability to set their own agendas or knowledgeably question those in authority; when, clutching our crystals and nervously consulting our horoscopes, our critical faculties in decline, unable to distinguish between what feels good and what's true, we slide, almost without noticing, back into superstition and darkness...The dumbing down of American is most evident in the slow decay of substantive content in the enormously influential media, the 30 second sound bites (now down to 10 seconds or less), lowest common denominator programming, credulous presentations on pseudoscience and superstition, but especially a kind of celebration of ignorance
John Corey Whaley, Highly Illogical Behavior|Why doesn't she want me? The sun is rising now, but it is 93,000,000 miles away and I can't get warm... She won't be cold. She has the sun inside her.
Karan Mahajan|Believe it or not, Christianity is not about good people getting better. If anything, it is good news for bad people coping with their failure to be good.
Lee Bice-Matheson, Destiny's Gate|WHO IS YOUR TEACHER?Everyone you come across is your Teacher,..Family members, as they teach you sacrifice and unconditional love;...Friends, as they teach you how to share joy and sorrow;...Young kids, as they teach you patience, and “to live for the day”;...Beggars, as they teach you generosity and compassion;... L-learner drivers, as they teach you patience;....Pick-pockets, as they teach you to manage emotions, letting go, forgive and forget; and .... Those who are with disability and those with dementia; as they teach you empathy and (lots of) patience.So you see, there is no lack of good Teachers, it’s just that we are bad Students,We learn but we never practise.
Amit Ray|Life may try to knock you down but be persistent with your passions - cultivate grit, resilience, tenacity and endurance success will come.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Mermaid Chair|Still everyone, including the abbot, had said that he was running away from his grief. They'd had no idea what they were talking about. He'd cradled his grief, almost to the point of loving it. For so long he refused to give it up, because leaving it behind was like leaving her.
Margaret Mahy, The Haunting|Now and adult, allowed a glimpse of these first cracks in my family's perfect surface, I couldn't help but wonder what else I didn't understand about us all.p 60
Hélène Berr|Betrayal is a more subtle, twisted feeling than terror. It burns and eats, but terror stabs right through.
Byron Katie|The only way I can be angry at you is when I have thought, said, or done something that is unkind in my own opinion.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|We must remember that nature is the supreme cradle of life, and must be protected and treated with the highest respect and care.
Jeffrey Eugenides|We knew the pain of winter rushing up your skirt, and the ache of keeping your knees together in class, and how drab and infuriating it was to jump rope while the boys played baseball. We could never understand why the girls cared so much about being mature, or why they felt compelled to compliment each other...
Bruce Lee|Love is the strongest bond. Nothing can break it, not even death.
Rick Riordan, The Ship of the Dead|Percy's ears turned as pink as Alex's jeans. "Anyway, maybe we've been looking at this all wrong. I've been tying to teach you sea skills. But the most important thing is to use whatever you've got to hand - your team, your wits, the enemy's own magical stuff.""And there's no way to plan for that," I said."Exactly!" Percy said. "My work here is done!"Annabeth frowned. "Percy, you're saying the best plan is no plan. As a child of Athena, I can't really endorse that.
Dave Barry, Big Trouble|We don't shoot somebody soon, I'm gonna forget how
Ad De Bont, Mirad, A Boy From Bosnia|Only Gatsby, the man who gives his name to this book, was exempt from my reaction -- Gatsby, who represented everything for which I have an unaffected scorn ... No -- Gatsby turned out all right in the end; it was what prayed on Gatsby, what foul dust floated in the wake of his dreams that temporarily closed out my interest in the abortive sorrows and the short-winded elations of men.
Aldo Leopold|A partner's different perspective is valuable, but the very fact that it is different means that it will require work, humility, time, and resources to incorporate that perspective. At times, this will require checking one's pride at the door.
Nicki Minaj|My goal in the beginning was to buy my mother a house. Now I realize, okay, if I really focus and become a key player in business, then I can build an empire.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Do you yearn for loving, loyal relationships? Be that for others
Ray Romano|Having children is like living in a frat house - nobody sleeps, everything's broken, and there's a lot of throwing up.
Guy Murchie|The family trees of all of us, of whatever origin or trait, must meet and merge into one genetic tree of all humanity by the time they have spread into our ancestries for about 50 generations.
Dean Koontz, Brother Odd|Translating the words on the door, he said, "Light from light." "Waste and void, waste and void. Darkness on the face of the deep," I said. "Then God commanded light. The light of the world descends from the Everlasting Light that is God.""That is surely one thing it means," said Romanovich. "Bit it may also mean that the visible can be born from the invisible, That matter can arise from energy that thought is a form of energy and that thought itself can be concretized into the very object that is imagined.
Cherrie Lynn, Rock Me|Let me tell you something you haven’t learned yet, something you learn only by living awhile. As you get older, you find that life begins to wear you down. Doesn’t matter who you are or what you do, it happens. Experience, time, events—they all conspire against you to steal away your energy, to erode your confidence, to make you question things you wouldn’t have given a second thought to when you were young. It happens gradually, a chipping away that you don’t even notice at first, and then one day it’s there. You wake up and you just don’t have the fire anymore.” He smiled...
Paul F. Dell|Didn’t you find it all … rather unsatisfying?”“Yes, but I couldn’t seem to see a way out. It was like being three different people, and they all wanted to go different ways.”A slight smile. “The result was I went nowhere.
Daniel C. Dennett, Darwin's Dangerous Idea: Evolution and the Meanings of Life|If you want to teach your children that they are the tools of God, you had better not teach them that they are God's rifles, or we will have to stand firmly opposed to you: your doctrine has no glory, no special rights, no intrinsic and inalienable merit. If you insist on teaching your children false-hoods—that the Earth is flat, that "Man" is not a product of evolution by natural selection—then you must expect, at the very least, that those of us who have freedom of speech will feel free to describe your teachings as the spreading of falsehoods, and will attempt to demonstrate this to your children at our earliest opportunity. Our future well-being—the well-being of all of us on the planet—depends on the education of our descendants.
Anne Fine, Madame Doubtfire|There are all sorts of different families, Katie. Some families have one mommy, some families have one daddy, or two families. And some children live with their uncle or aunt. Some live with their grandparents, and some children live with foster parents. And some live in separate homes, in separate neighborhoods, in different areas of the country - and they may not see each other for days, or weeks, months... even years at a time. But if there's love, dear... those are the ties that bind, and you'll have a family in your heart, forever.
Bill Gaede, Why God Doesn't Exist|Define the word exist, and you'll know whether God exists.
Lauren Tarshis, Emma Jean Lazarus Fell in Love|That was how it always was with Colleen: No matter how sad she felt, there was always this little bit of hope - like a speck of glitter caught in your eyelash - that never went away, no matter what.
Swami Dhyan Giten|The Art of Living is to be yourself. It is to be true to yourself. The Art of Living is learning to live with love, awareness and truth. Meditation is the way to learn The Art of Living. Being is you. To discover your being is the beginning of life.You can live in two ways:1. Ego - effort and desire and 2.Being - no-effort, being in a let go with existence. Religion is The Art of Living.Five keys to The Art of Living: 1. Be life-affirmative. Life is synonymous with God.Live with reverence, great respect and gratitude for life. Feel thankful and prayerful. 2. Make life an heartful, aesthetic experience.Become more sensitive, sensuous and creative - and you will become more spiritual.3.Experience life in all possible ways.Experience all dualities and polarities of life: good/bad, bitter/sweet, summer/winter, happiness/sadness and life/death.Do not be afraid of experience, because the more experiences you have, the more spiritually mature you become. 4. Live in the present.Forget the past and the future - this moment is the only reality.This moment has to become your whole love, life and death.5.Live courageously.Do not become too result-oriented, because result-oriented people miss life. Do not think of goals, because goals are in the future - and life is in the moment, in the here and now.
Joss Whedon|I just thought, ‘Wait a minute, if I’m going to start writing again, I have to go to the quiet place.' And this is the least quiet place I’ve ever been in my life. … It’s like taking the bar exam at Coachella. It’s like, ‘Um, I really need to concentrate on this! Guys! Can you all just…I have to…It’s super important for my law!
Anthony Liccione|MORE THAN ONCE I'VE AWAKENED WITHTEARS RUNNING DOWN MY CHEEKS.I HAVE HAD TO THINK WHETHERI WAS CRYING OR WHETHER ITIS INVOLUNTARY, LIKE DROOLING.
Walter Cronkite|Though you may feel that you cannot improve the world, you can always improve yourself. In doing so, the world becomes a better place.
Simon Sinek|We can play, hide and seek if you want, you will hide and i will love you
Marva J. Dawn, Keeping the Sabbath Wholly: Ceasing, Resting, Embracing, Feasting|A great benefit of Sabbath keeping is that we learn to let God take care of us — not by becoming passive and lazy, but in the freedom of giving up our feeble attempts to be God in our own lives.
Andy Crouch, Culture Making: Recovering Our Creative Calling|The God who impoverished himself is also the God of abundance, and somehow, perhaps at times nonsensically, Christians are called to live out of an ethic not of scarcity but of abundance—an abundance that extends both to the homeless neighbor and to the artist neighbor. . .
Jaron Lanier|Style used to be an interaction between the human soul and tools that were limiting. In the digital era, it will have to come from the soul alone.
Douglas Slocombe|Verbally, I'm quite fast on my feet. I could embarrass or anger most people if I wanted to.
Gillian Bradshaw|There is no any secret to being a genius, all you have to do is be yourself.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|There is no study that is not capable of delighting us, after a little application to it.
Robert Lane Greene, You Are What You Speak: Grammar Grouches, Language Laws, and the Politics of Identity|Though it's true that (dictionary-maker Samuel) Johnson sometimes seem to feel that the language was in decline, he didn't rail against it with (Jonathan) Swift's anger. Instead, he hoped the example of his dictionary would temper that change by providing a distinguished literary example
CrimethInc., Anarchy and Alcohol|Think of the power we could have if all the energy and effort in the world – or maybe even just your energy and effort? – that goes into drinking were put into resisting, building, creating. Try adding up all the money anarchists in your community have spent on corporate libations, and picture how much musical equipment or bail money or food it could have paid for – instead of funding their war against all of us.
Rebecca West, The Fountain Overflows|She understood children, and knew that they were adults handicapped by a humiliating disguise and had their adult qualities within them.
Andy Cohen|Sometimes just when I say hello the right way, I'm like, 'Whoa, I'm so cool.'
Jim Butcher, Changes|Murphy hung up and I said, to the still-open line, "Hey, if you've got someone watching my place, could you call the cops if anyone tries to steal my Star Wars poster? It's an original."Then I vindictively hung up on the FBI. It made my inner child happy.
Albert Camus, Notebooks 1935-1942|His mouth would have given despair to even the drollest of fools; it was a mouth made for frowns and scowls and sharply worded commands, all thin pale lips and clenched muscles, a mouth that had forgotten how to smile and had never known how to laugh
rahul kushwaha|in our life many moments which can only be set-forth as best and described as perfect, only these are the moments that you wish were rooted in heart, in mind, in time, and effectively ignore all kind of cruelty and sadness this world has to offer. Unfortunately we can not prevent it from our life, because fortunate or unfortunate finally we’re all going to have to live it. And as perfect as a moment is, don’t be shocked, don't be scared to let it go and confront the world with your true-cent, with your positive impact and move forward in this unstable/unexpected journey of life. As appealing it is to have that one moment where life made sense and beautiful frozen in time, remember that there are many more ‘perfect’ moments fabricated on your way waiting for you…to sweep over the challenges of life to make each moment worth it..
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|A man who respects his wife, does not sleep with other women. And a woman who respects herself does not allow her husband to get away with it
Bryan Lee O'Malley, Scott Pilgrim, Volume 1: Scott Pilgrim's Precious Little Life|If you choose to not deal with an issue,then you give up your right of control over the issue and it will select the path of least resistance.
Michele Jennae|At the base level, it is about making connections and building relationships, but if you take the letters from networker out of the word COnNeCtworker, you are left with 4 letters. C. O. N. C. Victor, we actually talked about this at Carina’s the other day with Sheila. C. O. N. C. stands for Considering Others’ Needs Continually.
Colm Meaney|I'm a great admirer of Primo Levi's work. It's always mind-boggling, the idea of how much pain people can endure and still come back from the edge with a sense of humor, with this tremendous animal desire we have to get on with life.
Stephen Reid Andrews, The Visions of David Palmer: Rising Phoenix|To live for your dreams, you have to be fearless in life.
Walt Whitman, Drum Taps|poor boy! I never knew you, Yet I think I could not refuse this moment to die for you, if that would save you
Veronica Roth, Divergent|I have realized that part of being Dauntless is being willing to make things more difficult for yourself in order to be self-sufficient. There's nothing especially brave about wandering dark streets with no flashlight, but we are not supposed to need help, even from light. We are supposed to be capable of anything. I like that. Because there might come a day when there is no flashlight, there is no gun, there is no guiding hand. And I want to be ready.
Sarah Ban Breathnach|Trust in dreams, for in them is hidden the gate to eternity.
Clifford Cohen|All too often, our elegant political theories amount to nothing more than ideology triumphing over common sense.
Carlo Rovelli, Seven Brief Lessons on Physics|What are we, in this boundless and glowing world?
Cora Carmack, Keeping Her|The truth may hurt, but lies-they're vicious. They hide coiled up inside you, ready to strike without warning, without your even knowing they're there. Until it's too late.
Agatha Christie, Cards on the Table|Do you believe in the value of truth, my dear, or don’t you?”“Of course I believe in the truth,” said Rhoda, staring.“Yes, you say that, but perhaps you haven’t thought about it. The truth hurts sometimes – and destroys one’s illusions.”“I’d rather have it all the same.” said Rhoda. “So would I. But I don’t know that we’re wise.”Mrs. Oliver; Rhoda Dawes
Hank Bracker|As with millions of others, Adeline Perry and her two young daughters endured the horrors of the Second World War in NAZI Germany. Following her death and armed with her manuscript, Captain Hank Bracker and his wife Ursula, Adeline’s youngest daughter, followed in Adeline’s footsteps to better understand the ordeal she experienced. Realizing that this book was the only way that her story could be preserved, Captain Hank took on the task of recording it. Ursula’s brother-in-law and stepsister, Peter Klett and his wife Jutta drove them to many of the places described in this book including Bischoffsheim, Strasbourg and Rosheim, in what was known as Reichsland Elsaß-Lothringen during World War II and which is now recognized as the administrative territory of Alsace-Moselle, France. He found the still existing bunker in Feudenheim and talked to people in Mannheim, Überlingen and Bischoffsheim who still remembered some of the details of the incidents in this book. Ursula’s sister Brigitte wrote her own manuscripts which helped fill in some previously unknown facts. “Suppressed I Rise” is an insight into how individual people’s lives were adversely affected by the insane acts of one man and the country he decimated.
Shahla Khan|When I write fiction, I struggle to decide the fate of two people created by my mind and spend countless hours to give them a happy ending. God, the Almighty has created infinite human beings till date and runs all our lives with such ease. He is the BEST WRITER of all.
Kautilya, The Arthashastra|That's the secret - to distract the senses. Have I told you my theory about them? I think that our sight, smell, taste, touch, hearing are all calibrated for the enjoyment of a perfect world. But since the world is imperfect, we must put blinders on the senses.
Michael Bassey Johnson|A celebrity starts being a cele-crazy when he's seen often, he's just like the ordinary man in the streets. Without much ado to shout his name, i go my way.
Ajay Chandan|Keep at it! Remember marketing is building a relationship! If you use marketing for a year and stop, you cut off your relationship with the larger community. Then you will have to re-start the relationship all over again. The old adage “it takes six to stick” is proven true over and over again. I realized this in year three of our church plant. I think of the hundreds of people that came to our services that had no connection with me or our people because we were willing to build a sustained relationship with them through marketing.
Renee Carlino, Swear on This Life|Are we star-crossed?" I asked quietly, a whisper."Yes," he said. "But I would fight against the stars for you.
SOUDHA Kompella|Each blooming flower breathe an open soul of nature's gratitude. Every blooming friendship is an opening of both heart and mind to touch a unique growth of one's soul. Jolly good friends make you bloom with joy even on a coldest winter as you share your common interests in life, in work, in art, with people and of your passion. Treasure your true friends and feel blessed in your life to have them.
Kathy Cyr, Max Hamby and the Blood Diamond|Hurry up, Hodgeyboy! You run like a fat badger after Sunday tea." Mibbitwiss
Mehmet Murat ildan|Hungry people need food, definitely not an advice!
Mindy Kaling|While yes, it’s good to have a fair amount of haters, it’s not good to have them on the street, where their anonymity can let them slip away without serious repercussions if they slight you, and this made me realize that fame, on its own, without fear, actually totally fucking sucks.
Stefan Zweig, The Post-Office Girl|For this quiet, unprepossessing, passive man who has no garden in front of his subsidised flat, books are like flowers. He loves to line them up on the shelf in multicoloured rows: he watches over each of them with an old-fashioned gardener's delight, holds them like fragile objects in his thin, bloodless hands.
Friedrich Nietzsche|It is hard enough to remember my opinions, without also remembering my reasons for them!
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|Let us find the dam snack bar," Zoe said. "We should eat while we can."Grover cracked a smile. "The dam snack bar?"Zoe blinked. "Yes. What is funny?""Nothing," Grover said, trying to keep a straight face. "I could use some dam french fries."Even Thalia smiled at that. "And I need to use the dam restroom."...I started cracking up, and Thalia and Grover joined in, while Zoe just looked at me. "I do not understand.""I want to use the dam water fountain," Grover said."And..." Thalia tried to catch her breath. "I want to buy a dam t-shirt.
Debasish Mridha|In the difficult moments believe in yourself.Believe that you are whole, perfect, powerful, and blessed.
Pat Conroy, The Prince of Tides|Bill Bright, founder of Campus Crusade for Christ and author of the Four Spiritual Laws chose three words for his tombstone: "slave for Jesus".
Daniel Handler, Why We Broke Up|There are so many movies like this, where you thought you were smarter than the screen but the director was smarter than you, of course he's the one, of course it was a dream, of course she's dead, of course, it's hidden right there, of course it's the truth and you in your seat have failed to notice in the dark.
Bluenscottish|Laws, like sausages, cease to inspire respect in proportion as we know how they are made.
Michael Chabon, Wonder Boys|Very gently. Like there are eggshells on your pedals, and you don’t want to break them. That’s how you drive in the rain.
Ka Chinery, Perceptions from the Photon Frequency: The Ascended Version|The deterioration of individual thought has resulted in a morbidly dependent society that has lost its sense of personal responsibility and accountability. Society has devolved into a state of thoughtless stagnancy, accepting the tyrannical laws and deleterious social structures without question or reason. This is the downfall of the human race, and the roadblock to Divinity.
Issey Miyake|A proper respect for nature means that you can't pollute the air, poison the rivers and chop down the forests indiscriminately without suffering greatly.
Mary-Kate Olsen|Once a bustling logging town, Sandpoint has embraced its natural beauty to become an amazing resort town drawing people near and far to enjoy its beauty and recreational possibilities. It's truly a small town with a huge backyard.
Liz Williams|In January 1776, Thomas Paine issued 'Common Sense,' advocating independence from Great Britain.
A. American, Going Home|Let the Unions become engines for the working people to right their wrongs. Not benefit societies, or burial clubs. Let the Unions become civilian regiments to fight in the cause of the people.
Pierre-Jean de Béranger|Old age doth in sharp pains abound;We are belabored by the gout,Our blindness is a dark profound,Our deafness each one laughs about.Then reason's light with falling rayDoth but a trembling flicker cast.Honor to age, ye children pay!Alas! my fifty years are past!
Stephen Cosgrove, Rhubarb|A friend cannot be ownedThat is plain to seeFriendships must be shared, Just like our friend, Ruby
Helen Boswell, Mythology: The Wicked|I tell my girls when you have done everything humanly possible, when you have fought with everything in you for something you truly believe in and it is still out of reach, it's time to become a feather. Let the wind guide you for awhile....
Shelly Thacker, Forever His|What are you cooking this night, wife?” One of the crepes picked that moment to dislodge itself from the ceiling. It landed at her feet with a plop as if on cue. “Crepes.” She kept a straight face and tried to look like this was the normal way to make crepes.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I lived in the city of light for 4 years 10 months, the generosity of sacred souls sustain my livelihood.
Stefan  Emunds|Optimism: things will go my way. Positivism: everything is perfect right here and now, whether I like it or not.
Thomas Merton|When it comes to my salvation, all I need is Jesus; after my salvation, everything is Jesus plus the church... When people preach that all you need is Jesus, they cut you and I off from one of the greatest sources of healing, which is the body of Christ. Don't go it alone - you won't make it.
Umberto Eco, Numele trandafirului|Atât de mare e puterea adevărului care, precum binele, se răspândește de la sine.
Heather Graham|I think the men in L.A. are very rugged, good-looking. Men in New York look metro with their manis and pedis and their Bruno Magli loafers, but inside they're very masculine - aside from the Meatpacking District. The problem is the men in New York are five to one: five women to one man.
Tamora Pierce, Page|No man stops caring as long as he breathes. As long as he has a mind and memory, he will care. This is what separates us from the animals. We have feelings.
Giselle Simlett, Girl of Myth and Legend|You tell anyone I cried, I'll find a dead fish, put it in a sock, hide it in your room, and let it putrefy.""Fair enough.
Shannon L. Alder|Honesty is to truth as prow is to stern. Honesty appears first and truth appears last. The interval between varies in direct proportion to the size of ship. With anything of size, truth takes a long time in coming. Sometimes it only manifests itself posthumously.
Rachel Brosnahan|If you have a good support system like your family and your friends around you, then you can't go wrong. So just believe in yourself, do you your thing, and stay strong in what you believe in.
Rebecca McNutt, Super 8: The Sequel to Smog City|I love the smell of old books,” Mandy sighed, inhaling deeply with the book pressed against her face. The yellow pages smelled of wood and paper mills and mothballs.
Betty White|Today the demands are for even higher standards in the quality of care, for greater flexibility and convenience in treatment times, and for more prevention through screening and health checks.
G.K. Chesterton, Heretics|John Quincy Adams, denying his sons permission to come home for college holidays for under-performance: "I would feel nothing but sorrow and shame at your presence.
Zora Neale Hurston|I like smart, funny, self-deprecating men.
Charles W. Colson|Christians ought to have a different approach to business. As believers, we should view work as both service and a form of worship.
Philip K. Dick, Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep? 1|Above all, the sense of personal responsibility was reduced by the way agency was fragmented. Among the airmen who obeyed the order to drop the bomb, the many scientists who helped to make it, the President, the many political and military advisers involved in the decision, who killed the people of Hiroshima? No one seems to have felt that the responsibility was fully his.
Andy Couturier, A Different Kind of Luxury: Japanese Lessons in Simple Living and Inner Abundance|Often I'll go outside and just place my hands on the soil, even if there's no work to do on it. When I am filled with worries, I do that and I can feel the energy of the mountains and of the trees.
Matt Walsh|Jews and Asians are only 7 percent of the total population, and between them they dominate in fields like medicine and engineering, not to mention entrepreneurship and academics. They rarely end up in prison or gangs (this is especially true of Jews). And while they are historically poor and persecuted, they have not allowed themselves to stay in that position. Take their story and compare it to black Americans and how can we explain the canyon that separates them? I’m sure the Jesse Jacksons of the world would sooner become Holocaust deniers than admit to the real answer: Family. Education. Ambition.Family.Education.Ambition.Whenever the plight of the minority in America is discussed, you’ll notice that Jews and Asians are left out of the conversation. In fact, many school systems are now trying to figure out how to get LESS of them in advanced placement courses and prestigious colleges. They’ve become too successful, apparently. But it’s not just their success that the race mongers hate, it’s HOW they accomplished it. Their men don’t father dozens of out-of-wedlock babies with dozens of women. Their households insist on discipline and academic success. They work hard, they are driven. Asians may now be at the point where they actually enjoy preferential bias. If I’m an employer and an Asian walks in to apply for a job, I’m going to assume he’s an achiever. That’s not a stereotype, that’s called a reputation. And they’ve freaking earned it.Family. Education. Ambition. These three things really are a recipe for success. If you don’t believe me, ask the next Asian or Jew you meet. And then make sure to take care of your co-pay on the way out.
Paige Tyler, Wolf Trouble|Danny quickly changed the topic and all talk of Heather and Graham was well and truly forgotten with marriage banished from the minds of most, but not all of the party.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|[Jesus] did not say, 'Simon, son of Jonas, fearest thou me.' He did not say, 'Dost thou admire me? Dost thou adore me?' Nor was it even a question concerning his faith. He did not say, 'Simon, son of Jonas, believest thou in me?' but he asked him another question, 'Lovest thou me?' I take it, that is because love is the very best evidence of godliness. Love is the brightest of all the graces; and hence it becomes the best evidence.
G.K. Chesterton, The Man Who Was Thursday: A Nightmare|The confrontation lasted about five minutes; then the display died out as quickly as it had begun, and everyone drank his fill of the muddy water. Honor had been satisfied; each group had staked its claim to its own territory.
Byron White|But poetry is a way of language, it is not its subject or its maker's background or interests or hobbies or fixations. It is nearer to utterance than history.
Kevin DeYoung, Crazy Busy: A (Mercifully) Short Book about a (Really) Big Problem|In fact, ambitious tension actually limits our ability to succeed because it keeps us in a state of contraction emotionally and physically. It seems to give us energy but doesn't really.  Like the white sugar of mental health, there's a short high followed by a crash.  The cultivation of mental rest or surrender is like eating healthy food.  It doesn’t give us an immediate rush, but over time it provides a lot more energy.
Oscar Bimpong|Success is for those that presses on when they see a wall, find ways around a road block and consistently push boundaries and conquer territories against all odds.
Louise Nurding|Since I travel so much, it's always great to be home. There's nothing like getting to raid my own refrigerator at two in the morning.
Aireen C. Pontillo|Liars don't lie to those who are innocent, they lie to those who know the truth
Somaly Mam, The Road of Lost Innocence: The True Story of a Cambodian Heroine|Sometimes you can learn, even from a bad experience. By coping you become stronger. The pain does not go away, but it becomes manageable.
Gary Patton|The Bible is useful because it opens our eyes, and because it’s highly impractical to walk through life with our eyes closed.
Patricia A. McKillip, The Forgotten Beasts of Eld|In a Fisherian world, animals are slaves to evolutionary fashion, evolving extravagant and arbitrary displays and tastes that are all "meaningless"; they do not involve anything other than perceived qualities.
Jagdish Poudel|Everyone has their opinion and everyone loves it. Nobody wants to accepts others opinion. So to make them happy be diplomatic and speak unclearly, let them interpret your thoughts by themselves, let them think what they want to think
Tonya Hurley, Ghostgirl|Whatever they said, whatever they told you about yourself, it’s not true
Vannevar Bush, Endless Horizons|A blind man knows he cannot see, and is glad to be led, though it be by a dog; but he that is blind in his understanding, which is the worst blindness of all, believes he sees as the best, and scorns a guide.
Felix Salten, Bambi|Why, God? You made man in your own image. Why then do so many lack good sense? And why is that we are so easily drawn to hate and kill each other? Why, God?
C. JoyBell C.|Misunderstandings are a normal part of life, and the outcomes of these depend upon how we choose to react to them.
Elizabeth Goudge, The Scent of Water|So this blessing of loneliness was not really loneliness. Real loneliness was something unendurable. What one wanted when exhausted by the noise and impact of physical bodies was not no people but disembodied people; all those denizens of beloved books who could be taken to one's heart and put away again, in silence, and with no hurt feelings.
Napz Cherub Pellazo|Timing is everything, call it a plan; there is nothing in this world that can trouble you more than your own thoughts.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|When a person exudes passion, it is evident that they love what they are doing. Their passion projects an aura of confidence and decisiveness.
K. Weikel, Building Monsters|Fight, Zinnia, for your soul. You only have one, and one shall remain once you've escaped his clutches... Do not give up on yourself, for strength... it comes... from God.
Catherine Austen, All Good Children|I can do it, Max. I still have my thoughts. I just can't say them out loud. I still have my friends. I just can't show them. I still have all the things that used to matter. They're inside of me. They can't take that away.
Jamie Campbell Bower|The philosophical point is that our happiness and wellbeing is not based on incomes rising. This is not just the wisdom of sages but of ordinary people. Prosperity is more social and psychological: it's about identification, affiliation, participation in society and a sense of purpose.
Israelmore Ayivor, You Can Rise|Some people just win, while others win with indelible styles. Don’t just dream to win; dare to be remain a winner!
Nate Ruess|Divorce was very sad, obviously, but now I've gotten over it.
Wayne Gerard Trotman, Kaya Abaniah and the Father of the Forest|Anyone can possess, anyone can profess, but it is an altogether different thing to confess.
Debasish Mridha|You are my loveMy source of joyYou are the joy You are the love Every chamber of your heart is like a flower, blooming and blooming Spreading love with the wind of thoughts I am floating in those divinely pure thoughts and feeling the happinessWhen I am in deep love, I gain the power of love, When I feel beloved, I feel divine happiness.
Bertrand Russell, A History of Western Philosophy|To teach how to live without certainty, and yet without being paralyzed by hesitation, is perhaps the chief thing that philosophy, in our age, can still do for those who study it.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|This book consists not only of my stories of mistakes, rather it’s all our stories of mistakes and heart aches. It’s the plight of all of us who were rebelling, and kicking against the social messes we found ourselves in. Yet there are so many others who are not alive today, and I feel obligated in not allowing the lessons of their mistakes to lie in the grave with them. It was the United States Senator, Al Franken, who stated, “Mistakes are a part of being human. Precious life lessons that can only be learned the hard way unless it's a fatal mistake, which, at least, others can learn from.” I’m revealing all of those mistakes and more, sadly a lot of them are fatal. In an attempt to have these real life lessons obtained in blood, prevent the blood-shedding of so many others. These stories are ones that young people can understand and identify with. While at the same time empowering them, to make better decisions about their choice of friends, the proper use of their time and how one wrong move can be fatal. I guess the major question that we all have to ask ourselves at the end of the day would be: how could I and so many others have been prevented from becoming monsters? You be the judge. I now extend my hand to you, and personally invite you to take a journey with me into the heartlands of innocence to menacing, from a youngster to a monster, and the making of a predator. I will safely walk you down the deserted and darkened street corners which were once my world of crime, gang violence and senseless murders. It’s a different world unto itself, one which could only be observed up close by invitation only. Together we will learn the motivation behind hard-core gangsters, and explore the minds of cold-blooded murderers. You will discover the way they think about their own lives, and why they are so remorseless about the taking of another’s life. So, if you will, please journey with me as we discover together how the fight of our lives were wrapped up in our fathers.
Jeaniene Frost, Halfway to the Grave|You! You tricked me! I never want to see you or that bottle of liquid arsenic again!”I chucked the empty moonshine jug at him. Or tried to. It missed him by a dozen feet.He picked it up in astonishment. “You drank the whole bloody thing? You were only supposed to have a few sips!”“Did you say that? Did you?” He reached me just as I felt the ground tip. “Didn’t say anything. I’ve got those names, so that’s all that matters, but you men…you’re all alike. Alive, dead, undead—all perverts! I had a drunken pervert in my pants! Do you know how unsanitary that is?”Bones held me upright. I would have protested, but I couldn’t remember how to. “What are you saying?”“Winston poltergeisted my panties, that’s what!” I announced with a loud hiccup.“Why, you scurvy, lecherous spook!” Bones yelled in the direction of the cemetery. “If my pipes still worked, I’d go right back there and piss on your grave!
Dalai Lama|WWI is a romantic war, in all senses of the word. An entire generation of men and women left the comforts of Edwardian life to travel bravely, and sometimes even jauntily, to almost certain death. At the very least, any story or novel about WWI is about innocence shattered in the face of experience.
Colleen Ladd, The Duke's Despair|I've seen enough cowboys in my life to know I don't want one for a husband."...Victoria"Every good man I know is a cowboy."...ColtPromises Kept
Rainer Maria Rilke|It was immediately clear that the book had been undisturbed for a very long time, perhaps even since it had been laid to rest. The librarian fetched a checked duster, and wiped away the dust, a black, thick, tenacious Victorian dust, a dust composed of smoke and fog particles accumulated before the Clean Air acts.
Julie Maroh, Le bleu est une couleur chaude|you asked me if I believed in eternal love. Love is something way too abstract and indefinable. It depends on what we perceive and what we experience. If we don't exist, it doesn't exist. And we change so much; love must change as well.
Mary Balogh, Then Comes Seduction|To sit and contemplate - to remember the faces of women without desire, to be pleased by the great deeds of men without envy, to be everything and everywhere in sympathy and yet content to remain where and what you are.
Dean Ornish|Whether it's by helping us search for health-related information, connecting us with doctors through online portals, or enabling us to store and retrieve our medical records online, the Internet is starting to show the promise it has to transform the way people interact with and improve their own health and wellness.
Sylvain Cappell|...The pages and pages of complex, impenetrable calculations might have contained the secrets of the universe, copied out of God's notebook. In my imagination, I saw the creator of the universe sitting in some distant corner of the sky, weaving a pattern of delicate lace so fine that that even the faintest light would shine through it. The lace stretches out infinitely in every direction, billowing gently in the cosmic breeze. You want desperately to touch it, hold it up to the light, rub it against your cheek. And all we ask is to be able to re-create the pattern, weave it again with numbers, somehow, in our own language; to make the tiniest fragment our own, to bring it back to eart.
Debasish Mridha|I don’t teach. I just show them why to learn, what to learn, how to learn, and the ultimate purpose of learning.
Eric Metaxas, Amazing Grace: William Wilberforce and the Heroic Campaign to End Slavery|...you cannot eat every tadpole and frog in the pond, but you can eat the biggest and ugliest one, and that will be enough, at least for the time being.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Truth is the preferred weapon of God, and censorship is the most abused tool of the Devil.
Robert  Black|I've stopped drinking, but only while I'm asleep.
Andrew Wilson, Patricia Highsmith, Ζωή στο σκοτάδι|Throughout her life, Highsmith looked for women whom she could worship. Sex was far from the most important factor in any relationship; rather, it was this near-divine quality for which she yearned.
|Stop making some excuses why you are unhappy with your life, and start finding some reasons why you should be happy with the gift of life that you have.
Dulara Perera|Anything is possible if you just believe. But if you want to start believing, start with yourself.
Henry Ford|A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.
Hugh Ross|Trust in the great American ingenuity. We can derive more intelligent, more brain-friendly ways we can play football.
Cheryl Strayed, Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail|There was the woman I was before my mom died and the one I was now, my old life sitting on the surface of me like a bruise.
Jimi Hendrix|The music industry is a strange combination of having real and intangible assets: pop bands are brand names in themselves, and at a given stage in their careers their name alone can practically gaurantee hit records.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Experience is based on knowledge, not by years
Janet Evanovich, Four to Score|She'll be back," Ranger said. "But not tonight."[Stephanie] "How'd you get her to leave?""Told her I was gonna spend the next twelve hours ruining you for all other men, and so she might as well go home."I could feel the heat rush to my face.Ranger gave me the wolf smile. "I lied about it being tonight," he said.
Gloria Smith|Sometimes the emptiness in a room becomes palpable as if you could reach out and touch it real, hear its silence, feel its black nothingness. It invades your spirit, your soul like a stealthy misperception; a liquid lie that whispers and will not die, and makes you fight to stay alive.
Kij Johnson, The Dream-Quest of Vellitt Boe|When a man dies, his wife is burned alive with him, but if the wife dies before her husband, the man does not suffer the same fate. If a man dies before marriage, he is given a posthumous wife. The women passionately want to be burned because they believe they will enter paradise.
Debasish Mridha|A good writer sees the world, not through his own eyes, but through his reader's mind.
Ban Ki-moon|As you get older, you grow and mature, and that should never stop. As soon as you stop growing, you're done living. I'll always be growing, forever learning, forever taking in advice from people I deeply respect.
Audrey Hepburn|My life isn’t theories and formulae. It’s part instinct, part common sense. Logic is as good a word as any, and I’ve absorbed what logic I have from everything and everyone… from my mother, from training as a ballet dancer, from Vogue magazine, from the laws of life and health and nature.
John Malkovich|Unemployment is sky-rocketing; deflation is in our future for the first time since the Great Depression. I don't care whose fault it is, it's the truth.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|Keep your dreams, you will never know when you need them
Natalie Massenet|As a model, I really stand for not being a model, if that makes sense. When I started, the whole idea of the model was very different; it was a bit stuck-up. Not stuck-up, but no one was trying to have fun, or not even have fun, but be willing to smile.
Debasish Mridha|Feel the joy of life when you cry,when you smile, love or feel shy.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|We couldn’t have done it without somebody else! We couldn’t have won this race or got the Fleece or saved Grover or anything! We owe our lives to Tyson, Percy’s…’‘Brother!’ I said, loud enough for everybody to hear. ‘Tyson, my baby brother.’Tyson blushed. The crowd cheered. Annabeth planted a kiss on my cheek.
U.G. Krishnamurti, The Mystique of Enlightenment: The Radical Ideas of U.G. Krishnamurti|What you know can never be the beyond. Whatever you experience is not the beyond. If there is any beyond, this movement of 'you' is absent. The absence of this movement probably is the beyond, but the beyond can never be experienced by you; it is when the 'you' is not there. Why are you trying to experience a thing that cannot be experienced?
David Morrell, First Blood|Frankly, the only good people who I know are dogs.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|Nice moves, darlin’.” He gripped her hands gently and pried them off his shirt. “You’re getting stronger. That almost hurt.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|The body can be a marvel of resiliency, a cactus when it comes to sleep - capable of surviving on mere drops.
Salman Rushdie, Joseph Anton: A Memoir|Sisters and brothers just happen, we don't get to choose them, but they become one of our most cherish relationships.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|Love has no limits, which is why we fall impulsively into the depths of our feelings.
Deyth Banger|I'm glad that there is somebody who likes what I do, but up to when he will continue?Will he stop?
Andrew Loomis|It is ten per cent how you draw, and ninety per cent what you draw.
Debasish Mridha|If you can't find peace inside you, you will not be able to find it anywhere else.
Julia Hoban, Willow|How can she explain to him that every tear takes her further and further away from the box of razors that lies between them. How can she explain that she is terrified of such a thing happening. That although she thought she wanted freedom from her implements, she doesn't know if she can handle what she's experiencing now. That she wants to know that she is still in charge of her grief. That her blades have always done her bidding.
Duo Duo|Remember, what goes around comes around, if you give out venom, sooner or later it will come back to poison you
Ashlecka Aumrivani|Right expectations, from the right people at the right time, that’s the art of expecting.
Jeff Duncan|I was told by so many people that I wouldn't succeed because I was too different. Ironically, the very reason that people watch my channel and travel thousands of miles to see a show... is because it's different. God didn't send us to Earth to just blend in. We are here to share what makes us unique.
Sam Crescent, Bully No More|KERRYANNE: Well, if I’m so spectacular why did my husband leave me for her?” KURT: (Poor baby.) Because he’s a weak *ssh*le, and you were way too much woman for him.
Stephen Sondheim, Into the Woods|Can you not see, […] that fairy tales in their essence are quite solid and straightforward; but that this everlasting fiction about modern life is in its nature essentially incredible? Folk-lore means that the soul is sane, but that the universe is wild and full of marvels. Realism means that the world is dull and full of routine, but that the soul is sick and screaming. The problem of the fairy tale is-what will a healthy man do with a fantastic world? The problem of the modern novel is-what will a madman do with a dull world? In the fairy tales the cosmos goes mad; but the hero does not go mad. In the modern novels the hero is mad before the book begins, and suffers from the harsh steadiness and cruel sanity of the cosmos. 
Edgar Maass, Don Pedro and the Devil|For the soul, understand, is itself the whole world.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Since the earliest days of our youth, we have been conditioned to accept that the direction of the herd, and authority anywhere — is always right.
Claudia Rankine|At present, the most effective way of preventing war would be for statesmen to direct politics so as to support a sound nationalism. This leads to concordance between people of kindred race and languages, whereas the conquest and coercion of people of different race and language inevitably lead to new wars.
Mensah Oteh|Self-discipline is a learned habit that should be developed and continuously worked on through regular application, practice, and repetition.
Bob Glover|He was filled with loss and an off-brand of nostalgia for events that were supposed to become part of his past but now wouldn't at all. In the mind's special processes, a ten-mile run takes far longer than the minutes reported by a grandfather clock. Such time, in fact, hardly exists in the real world; it is all out on the train somewhere, and you only go back to it when you are out there. He and Mize had been through two solid years of such regular time-warp escapes together. There was something different about that, something beyond friendship; they had a way of transferring pain back and forth, without the banality of words.
Julie Cross, Fifty First Times|I want to hear one more of your storiesTangle up in your dreams, give up the fight‘Pour one more glass of that wineAnd I might not go home tonight...
Chris Hardwick|Boxing combines, in perfect proportion, strength, speed, and endurance. Normally, most sports are either about one of the three: either about speed or endurance or strength. Boxing combines all three of them. It's really intense.
Malala Yousafzai|I buy about $1,500 worth of papers every month. Not that I trust them. I'm looking for the crack in the fabric.
Hélène Berr, The Journal of Hélène Berr|She [Ayn Rand] had to declare that....altruism was despicable, that only self-interest is good and noble. (About Ayn Rand)
Diane Kruger|The movies I like watching the most are these sort of cinema verite, handheld films where you really get gritty with people. But I also have this strange affinity for old Rock Hudson/Doris Day movies and things that sort of pop out where you see the frames, where you have these 2D animation moments and split-screens and things like that.
Gary Snyder, The Gary Snyder Reader, Volume 1: Prose, Poetry and Translations 1952-1998|But if you do know what is taught by plants and weather, you are in on the gossip and can feel truly at home. The sum of a field's forces [become] what we call very loosely the 'spirit of the place.' To know the spirit of a place is to realize that you are a part of a part and that the whole is made or parts, each of which in a whole. You start with the part you are whole in.
Hilary Mantel, Bring Up the Bodies|No man as godly as George, the only fault he finds with God is that he made folk with too few orifices. If George could meet a woman with a quinny under her armpit, he would call out 'Glory be' and set her up in a house and visit her every day, until the novelty wore off. Nothing is forbidden to George, you see. He'd go to it with a terrier bitch if she wagged her tail at him and said bow-wow.'For once he is struck silent. He knows he will never get it out of his mind, the picture of George in a hairy grapple with a little ratting dog.
Philip Roth, American Pastoral|The strength of a man is in his character. A strong man is a great man of wisdom who understands, his top priority is to his family.
Neil Gaiman, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|You're Hell's Angels, then? What chapter are you from?''REVELATIONS. CHAPTER SIX.
Jaye Wells, Red-Headed Stepchild|I walked to the door where Clovis waited. When I looked up, he was staring at Adam. A quick glance backward confirmed Adam was returning his stare. Freaking males, I thought, they couldn’t be more obvious about their territorial dispute if they’d both peed on me.
Theodore Roethke|We have looked at some of the things that a female might do if she has been deserted by her mate. But these all have the air of making the best of a bad job. Is there anything a female can do to reduce the extent to which her mate exploits her in the first place? She has a strong card in her hand. She can refuse to copulate. She is in demand, in a seller's market. This is because she brings the dowry of a large, nutritious egg. A male who successfully copulates gains a valuable food reserve for his offspring. The female is potentially in a position to drive a hard bargain before she copulates. Once she has copulated she has played her ace — her egg has been committed to the male. It is all very well to talk about driving hard bargains, but we know very well it is not really like that. Is there any realistic way in which something equivalent to driving a hard bargain could evolve by natural selection? I shall consider two main possibilities, called the domestic-bliss strategy, the he-man strategy. The simplest version of the domestic-bliss strategy is this. The female looks the males over, and tries to spot signs of fidelity and domesticity in advance. There is bound to be variation in the population of males in their predisposition to be faithful husbands. If females could recognize such qualities in advance, they could benefit themselves by choosing males possessing them. One way for a female to do this is to play hard to get for a long time, to be coy. Any male who is not patient enough to wait until the female eventually consents to copulate is not likely to be a good bet as a faithful husband. By insisting on a long engagement period, a female weeds out casual suitors, and only finally copulates with a male who has proved his qualities of fidelity and perseverance in advance. Feminine coyness is in fact very common among animals, and so are prolonged courtship or engagement periods. As we have already seen, a long engagement can also benefit a male where there is a danger of his being duped into caring for another male's child.
Grace Sara, Awakening in the 21st Century: Surviving a Spiritually Dormant Society|To act upon the outer world and change it, you must be first be fine to act upon yourself.
Michael Ende, Momo|Not being tense but ready.Not thinking but not dreaming.Not being set but flexible.Liberation from the uneasy sense of confinement.It is being wholly and quietly alive, aware and alert, ready for whatever may come.
William Glasser|But at a certain point in our lives, we cannot passively allow our upbringing to define us. We must choose it or choose other.
Bill Blais|You want me to join your group of demon hunters," I can’t believe I just said that out loud, "because of a can of pepper spray and a boat load of luck? You’re insane.
Paul Graham, Paul Graham Essays|You can be anything, you want to be in this life.
Christopher  Nolan|I have to believe that when my eyes are closed, the world's still there. (Leonard Shelby, Memento)
Reese Witherspoon|Animals that we eat are raised for food in the most economical way possible, and the serious food producers do it in the most humane way possible. I think anyone who is a carnivore needs to understand that meat does not originally come in these neat little packages.
Tanner Colby, Some of My Best Friends Are Black: The Strange Story of Integration in America|A godly woman is beyond average because she keeps her word. She honors her vows. She exhibits great faith. She overcomes great obstacles. And she affects her family, her community, even the world.
Duane Chapman|To be misunderstood can be the writer's punishment for having disturbed the reader's peace. The greater the disturbance, the greater the possibility of misunderstanding.
David Nicholls, One Day|I am vain, or once was, and one of my vanities was to feign that I was not.
Jim Gaffigan, Food: A Love Story|They say you can fool some of the people all of the time. Accordingly, I think we should concentrate on this group initially. We can move on to the people you can only fool some of the time at a later date if we deem it necessary.
Debasish Mridha|You will succeed in everything you want to do, so start today with your heart and with your love.
Vilém Flusser, Towards a Philosophy of Photography|Both those taking snaps and documentary photographers, however, have not understood 'information.' What they produce are camera memories, not information, and the better they do it, the more they prove the victory of the camera over the human being.
Benjamin Robbins Curtis|The cinema has done more for my spiritual life than the church. My ideas of fame, success and beauty all originate from the big screen. Whereas Christian religion is retreating everywhere and losing more and more influence; film has filled the vacuum and supports us with myths and action-controlling images.
Pedro Pierluisi|Net neutrality was essential for our economy; it was essential to preserve freedom and openness, both for economic reasons and free speech reasons, and the government had a role in ensuring that Internet freedom was protected.
Robert Frost|This is a wonderful planet, and it is being completely destroyed by people who have too much money and power and no empathy.
Jorge Gw, Awesome Happiness Now|If you only do what others have already done, you will only feel what others have already felt. However, if you choose to achieve something that no one has ever done, then you will have a satisfaction that no one else has ever had.
Adhish Mazumder|A lot can be changed in a span of a year. A thousand lives can be moulded, a lot many lessons can be learnt and life can show its unpredictability. Even so, one year is enough to prove to yourself that you are worth the struggle that you undertake just to reap a momentary fruit of that labour. If fighting a new fight keeps us motivated each year, so be it. Here is wishing every fighter, struggling to make a break and succeed in life a memorable New Year. Do what you do best and don't trade your passion for fame but rather earn the fame through your passion. May your fight be fruitful this year and your name engraved in hearts of horde in the form of your work.A Happy New Year to all my well wishers, peers, friends, colleagues, acquaintances and readers. May your year be blessed with good fortune and health with added wealth.My message this New Year is that in a world full of possibilities never limit yourself to the sky for what is sky when there is endless darkness beyond to lighten up. Take care.
Kiera Cass, The Selection|The picture of me just after I’d found out Aspen was saving up to marry me. I looked radiant, hopeful, beautiful. I looked like I was in love. And some idiot thought that love was for Prince Maxon.
Michel Foucault|I think it better that in times like these a poet's mouth be silent, for in truth we have no gift to set a statesman right.
Anne Graham Lotz|Different people, in good faith, can look at the same fact and interpret it differently. But that's where an interesting conversation begins.
Joseph O'Neill, Netherland|...even my work, the largest of the pots and pans I'd placed under my life's leaking ceiling, had become to small to contain my misery.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|During the Vietnam War, every respectable artist in this country was against the war. It was like a laser beam. We were all aimed in the same direction. The power of this weapon turns out to be that of a custard pie dropped from a stepladder six feet high.
Wizard101|Together, we will prevail, and we will be free.
Sufe Bradshaw|To be honest, I haven't seen a lot of the current crop of teen movies because there's only so much time and there's nothing that really drives me to do it.
Ally Carter, Out of Sight, Out of Time|Do you know what pain is, Cammie? It’s thebody’s physical response to imminent harm.It is the mind’s way of telling us to move ourhand off the stove or let go of the brokenglass.
Ron Moody|But when I would see the surrogate, my first instinct, my first reaction would be jealousy, because she was doing what I wanted to do.
Deyth Banger|Eventually you will find something to put that energy into and you will be unstoppable. Even now with something you take no joy in, you do your task dutifuly, because it's all you can do. There's something beautiful in that, Collin.
George Bernard Shaw, Man and Superman|The Doktor was an old man. When he was a kid, his Dad bought him a chemistry set. He never played with silly putty like the other kids. The first time he lost his eyebrows he was only five.
J.K. Rowling|Me? Books and cleverness? There are more important things in life. Friendship, and bravery, and Harry, just be careful.
Yuval Noah Harari, Homo Deus: A Brief History of Tomorrow|Immaterial as water, too vast for any mortal apprehension, the Web's outstanding qualities allow us to confuse the ungraspable with the eternal.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|In fact, in recent years I have become more and more didactic about pubic hair - to the point where I now believe that there are only four things a grown, modern woman should have: a pair of yellow shoes (they unexpectedly go with everything), a friend who will come and post bail at 4 a.m., a fail-safe pie recipe, and a proper muff. A big, hairy minge. A lovely furry moof that looks - when she sits, naked - as if she has a marmoset sitting in her lap. A tame marmoset, that she can send of to pickpocket things, should she so need it - like that trained monkey in Raiders of the Lost Ark.
Ahmed Mayouf|When you wake up each morning, remember to live as though it were your last day on earth, because you never know if it's going to be.
Samuel Beckett|All I know is what the words know, and dead things, and that makes a handsome little sum, with a beginning and a middle and an end, as in the well-built phrase and the long sonata of the dead.
C.D. Wright, Cooling Time: An American Poetry Vigil|Poetry is the language of intensity. Because we are going to die, an expression of intensity is justified.
Alexis de Tocqueville|I'm not interested in making money. It's just that with my talent, I'm cursed with it.
Ambrose Bierce|Thou must be emptied of that wherewith thou art full, that thou mayest be filled with that whereof thou art empty.
Joseph B. Wirthlin|Many people have asked me, 'How do you make a single life a happy one? My answer is, 'Create the best life possible. The decisions you make determine where life takes you. I would make every effort, married or single, to get closer to Heavenly Father, to get the most education possible, to make my home a heaven on earth, and to learn how to manage my time and finances.' I sought for and still seek for any experience I can have to make my life happier and more fulfilling; being single or married has nothing to do with it.
Mary  Stewart, Thornyhold|I still believe in you, as a writer, but the only stuff we ever had in common doesn't travel very far.""What stuff is that?" he'd asked her."We're completely at ease being naked in front of strangers and total fuckheads", she'd told him. Maybe that's part of what being a writer entails, Danny Baciagalupo found himself thinking on that rainy spring night in Iowa city.
Stephen Fry|That's why I write, because life never works except in retrospect. You can't control life, at least you can control your version.
Amanda Steiger, Dark Geist|If I catch you, I might do anything. I might strip the skin from your bones as I drain you dry. Or I might drag you into my chambers and have you pleasure me in ways you cannot even imagine. I might even take mercy on you, and that would be the cruelest injustice of all, because for you, it would only be a temporary reprieve.
Pamela Clare, Defiant|He didn't see the look his brothers shared or overhear the vow they made to one another--that if any one of the four of them were to make it back from Ticonderoga, it would be Iain.
Maxwell Maltz, Psycho-Cybernetics, Updated and Expanded|Our errors, mistakes, failures, and sometimes even our humiliations, were necessary steps in the learning process. However, they were meant to be means to an end - and not an end in themselves. When they have served their purpose, they should be forgotten. If we consciously dwell on the error, or consciously feel guilty about the error and keep berating ourselves because of it, then - unwittingly - the error or failure itself becomes the "goal" that is consciously held in imagination and memory.
Samuel Beckett|drill one hole after another into [language] until that which lurks behind, be it something or nothing, starts seeping through – I cannot imagine a higher goal for today’s writer.
Trisha Leigh, Summer Ruins|I love him, and he loves me. And being together makes even the little things better.
Dana Spiotta, Stone Arabia|The issue isn't, Am I good enough? No. The issue is, Do I not have any other choice? Will and desire don't matter. Ability doesn't matter. Need is the only thing that matters.
Barbara Kingsolver|If you sell the film rights to your book, it doesn't mean there will be a film. I have sold the rights to five books and had zero films made. Take the money and be thankful.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...if you don't regard your word as a sacred covenant, then there is nothing in you I can honor ...
Ahdaf Soueif, The Map of Love|Ya Ummi(my mother), I cannot live my life with a woman who has no key to my mind and does not share my concerns. She cannot - will not - read anything. She shrugs off the grave problems of the day and asks if I think her new tablecloth is pretty. We are living in difficult times and it is not enough for a person to be interested in his home and his job - in his own personal life. I need my partner to be someone to whom I can turn, confident of her sympathy, believing her when she tells me I'm in the wrong, strengthened when she tells me I'm in the right. I want to love, and be loved back - but what I see is not love or companionship but a sort of transacton of convenience santioned by religion and society and I do not want it.
R.A. Torrey|Sin is what is new, strong, surprising, strange. The theatre must take an interest in sin if the young are to be able to go there.
Jettie Necole, The Vault|Biblical eschatology fundamentally challenges the "official" scientific idea that the universe will end in a violent heat death, and instead that the cosmos will be set free from its decadence. It calls us to consider the sobering similarities between ancient pagan cosmologies (creation began with war & violence between the gods) and modern naturalism as a nihilistic, philosophical worldview (all will end in astronomical war & violence). Instead, the revelation (apocalypse) of the Lamb is that God created out of love and love will win in the end.
Toni Morrison|It comforts everybody to think of all Negroes as dirt poor, and to regard those who were not, who earned good money and kept it, as some kind of shameful miracle. White people liked that idea because Negroes with money and sense made them nervous. Colored people liked it because, in those days, they trusted poverty, believed it was a virtue and a sure sign of honesty. Too much money had a whiff of evil and somebody else's blood.
Napoleon Bonaparte|If you have always believed that everyone should play by the same rules and be judged by the same standards, that would have gotten you labeled a radical 60 years ago, a liberal 30 years ago and a racist today.
Sarah Strohmeyer, Smart Girls Get What They Want|…girls were like poems: weird, incomprehensible and boring, but those “in the know” assured me that they were beautiful.
Herbert M. Shelton|Health and disease are the same thing—vital action intended to preserve, maintain, and protect the body. There is no more reason for treating disease than there is for treating health.
Samuel Lover|It's important to maintain an attractive smile as you age. A lighter, less beige, more white tooth color is key, but no Chiclets.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|Too much of water hast thou, poor Ophelia,And therefore I forbid my tears.
Anne Giardini, The Sad Truth About Happiness|I used to float along in all of this, like a leaf on a coursing stream, but i am heavier now, less easily moved, more resolute and steadfast. I am no longer in pursuit of happiness. As I stand here at my front door, key in hand, I think it is just possible that happiness, at least for now, today, this hour, may be in pursuit of me.
Elif Shafak|Boys. Nine times out of ten, they're wrong and the tenth time they made a lucky guess.
Andrew Neff|When he thought about how he had been slighted, condescended to, manipulated and deceived, he became angry. Obedience was a monastic virtue, but outside the cloisters it had its drawbacks, he thought bitterly. The world of power and property demanded that a man be suspicious, demanding, and insistent.
Tony Kushner, Angels in America|All that damn therapy you made me go through — and sometimes, Dad, it takes going through hell to reach your heaven.” I looked at the door. “That bad huh?” “What?” “You like her that much?” “No.” I swallowed. “I love her.
Eyden I., Woman's Book: Only For Men|Woman won't accept to be your second opinion, either you choose her or you lose her.
Julia Cameron, Finding Water: The Art of Perseverance|God does not give us more than we can handle," I am told but I wonder if God doesn't overestimate me just a little. Or perhaps, and this is likely, I underestimate God.
Nick Clooney|I admired Eugene McCarthy's courage and although I left his Senate staff after four years to accept a job as the researcher on the editorial page of the 'Washington Post,' I remained an admirer.
E. L. Doctorow, The City of God|It seemed that our family had been on this land for thousands of years; that we had sprung from the earth, born of its flesh like a tree or a flower, deep-rooted, not by our feet, but by our hearts.
Logan Pearsall Smith|The notion of making money by popular work, and then retiring to do good work, is the most familiar of all the devil's traps for artists.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|It was times like these when I thought my father, who hated guns and had never been to any wars, was the bravest man who ever lived.
Joel M. McMains, Dog Logic: Companion Obedience, Rapport-Based Training|...lack of leadership can have fearsome consequences. A dog's mental health, after all, depends to a large degree on leadership: dogs get enormously distressed when they think no one is in charge. Accordingly, it's not only nonsensical to fail to establish rules and limits with a dog...but cruel.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Because," he said in an even voice, "you're used to winning, so you don't even think about how, every time there's a game, both sides get that 'rah, rah, team' speech from their coaches both sides hear 'you're the best!' 'You've got to win!' 'You're the greatest!' But half of the people playing that game are going to walk away losers. Half!
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Alas, impatience is but another form of unhappiness. It is true, it is true. I have never met a happy impatient person.
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|No one would argue that we owe a debt of gratitude to the Goliath Corporation. They helped us to rebuild after the Second War and it should not be forgotten. Of late, however, it seems as though the Goliath Corporation is falling far short of its promises of fairness and altruism. We are finding ourselves now in the unfortunate position of continuing to pay back a debt that has long since been paid--with interest...
Rachel Hawkins, Spell Bound|So hologram means--" I finally said."It means non-corporeal, yeah. Which sucks seeing as how there are a lot of very corporeal things I'd like to do with you right now.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne's House of Dreams|Even when I'm alone I have real good company — dreams and imaginations and pretendings. I like to be alone now and then, just to think over things and taste them. But I love friendships — and nice, jolly little times with people.
Adam Johnson, The Orphan Master's Son|Of all the world's civilizations, America was the one that most needed losers.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|Save yourselves!” Percy warned. “It is too late for us!”Then he gasped and pointed to the spot where Frank was hiding. “Oh, no! Frank is turning into a crazy dolphin!”Nothing happ
Alexander McCall Smith, The Double Comfort Safari Club|The shots had dispersed the birds; there remained only two marabous, standing between ten and twenty paces away and plunged in reverie. They were like two old men with bald heads pressed between the shoulders.
Margaret Atwood, Morning in the Burned House|The truth is seldom welcome, especially at dinner.
Lois Greiman, Unmanned|If you don't scare the neighbors while copulating, I'm afraid you're doing something terribly wrong.
