Stephen Richards|When you accept you are a winner, that is when you will triumph.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|Her mind is a mess, and she has no intention of cleaning today.
Christina Engela, Innocent Minds|If you are not happy with your life, it is most probably because you have eagle eyes to see the negative parts of your life and almost blind to the beautiful side!
Milena Michiko Flašar, I Called Him Necktie|There is a very great difference between older and old, the former being desirable and the latter being inevitable.
A. J. Liebling|If you don't deal with your shadows, you are condemned to repeat the same mistake over and over, as a human being or as a society.
Bob Proehl, A Hundred Thousand Worlds|Part of the job of adults was to set limits. But the last rule, the unspoken rule of any story or journey, is that all limits are suspect. All warnings show only the point where the last story stopped, the boundary past which the map is unmapped. The Kingdom of Here There Be Dragons is the province of explorers, magicians, and kids.
Charmaine Smith Ladd, Shake Hands with Yourself: A Peacemaker's Guide to Happiness & Inner Peace|A double bed can seem awfully small if your'e sharing it with someone you don't love." -Misia ― Coco Chanel & Igor Stravinsky
Debasish Mridha|If you want to live forever, give yourself away for others.
Sandeep N. Tripathi|Ego said, 'I will not apologize for who I am'. Soul replied, 'unless your self-realization comes to light, your apology is worthless. And, when your self-realization does come to light, which it will, your apology will be of little or no value at all'.
Ritu Lalit, Wrong, for the right reasons|Genius does not need to be validated, it just needs a legal pad and a pen.
Daley Thompson|Entrepreneurs can't forecast accurately, because they are trying something fundamentally new. So they will often be laughably behind plan - and on the brink of success.
Jessica Valenti, The Purity Myth: How America's Obsession with Virginity is Hurting Young Women|I’ve always found the idea of 'saving' your virginity intriguing: it’s not as if we’re packing our Saran-wrapped hymens away in the freezer, after all, or pasting them in scrapbooks. But packed-away virginities aside, the interesting — and dangerous — idea at play here is that of 'morality.” When young women are taught about morality, there’s not often talk of compassion, kindness, courage, or integrity. There is, however, a lot of talk about hymens (though the preferred words are undoubtedly more refined — think 'virginity' and 'chastity'): if we have them, when we’ll lose them, and under what circumstances we’ll be rid of them.
Mina Holmes, "Small Bump" Songs of my Selfie|Why is it so hard? It's hard because it matters, I think.
Olli Jalonen|Anyone even remotely suspect was interrogated, because interrogation is by far the most effective method of speedily banishing inappropriate thoughts from the mind.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|To cultivate bravery and courage, ground yourself in your character values:Building a solid foundation of integrity and character will fortify your confidence to face down fears and take bold action.
Nathaniel Branden|It is humiliating to realize that when you drive yourself underground, when you fake who you are, often you do so for people you do not even like or respect.
Barbara Freethy, Just the Way You Are|Growing older is mandatory, but growing up is optional.
Prabidh|Life is not about running away from your problems. It is about facing the problem, fixing it and then keep going until you stumble to another problem. The most important thing is never stopping.
Alin Sav|If there is no desire for prayer, maybe there is no hunger for God.
Suzi Banks Baum, An Anthology of Babes: Thirty-Six Women Give Motherhood a Voice|Ah, selfish. There’s that word again.” Sherry smirked. “It’s been hurled at me many a time, because being a mother and wife is all about selflessness, see?” She imitated a perky, syrupy-sweet voice. “Giving up every molecule of your soul. If you want anything for yourself, you’re accused of being selfish. Marriage and especially motherhood mean being condemned to play second fiddle your entire life.
C. JoyBell C.|People who are unable to stand within the dark places of life, those who are always running towards their happy places, are the same things as candles without flames. There is no worth in a candle without a flame, and we only add the flame when there is darkness. Without darkness, there would be no need for warriors and angels. Warriors are not made because the whole world is happy and angels were not formed because there are no demons. Be of worth, have a flame.
Alice Hoffman, Here on Earth|The unwelcome November rain had perversely stolen the day's last hour and pawned it with that ancient fence, the night.
Nick Hornby|I would never attempt to dissuade anyone from reading a book. But please, if you're reading something that's killing you, put it down and read something else, just as you would reach for the remote if you weren't enjoying a TV program...All I know is that you can get very little from a book that is making you weep with the effort of reading it. You won't remember it, and you'll be less likely to choose a book over [insert popular contemporary TV program] next time you have a choice.
Cyndi Tefft, Hell Transporter|The little weasel ripped all the buttons off my couch.Ivan Petrovsky, pg 350
Yaganesh Derasari|Everyone knows that how to love, But every relationship do not come out as romeo and Juliet.
André Gide|To tell the truth, my dear count, I must own that of all nauseating human emanations, literature is one of those which disgust me most. I can see nothing in it but compromise and flattery. And I go so far as to doubt whether it can be anything else.
Guy Clark|Change is not only likely, it's inevitable.
Ana Claudia Antunes, The DAO (Dancing As One) Workbook Illustrated|If it´s cold and cloudy outside,And you want to be a great fella,Make all your troubles go glideOpening a smile as your umbrella.
Adele          Rose, Awakening|One person on their own may be able to save the world. But a team of friends, all working together, have a much greater chance of succeeding…providing that no-one succumbs to evil.’ Adele Rose, Awakening.
Edward Snowden|If you would have your son to walk honourably through the world, you must not attempt to clear the stones from his path, but teach him to walk firmly over them - not insist upon leading him by the hand, but let him learn to go alone.
Charles Dickens|There are good and bad times, but our mood changes more often than our fortune.
Christine Lakin|My husband John Lennon was a very special man. A man of humble origin, he brought light and hope to the whole world with his words and music.
Jim Butcher, Skin Game|A kiss, he said, is a conversation. Easing closer, he continued to speak as he caressed her cheeks with featherlight stokes of his thumbs. "A first kiss", his lips neared hers, is an introduction and then his mouth brushed against hers. The contact sparked, sharp and bright like lightning, yet his lips were soft, unexpectedly so. Her breath caught the same instant his did. Against her mouth he whispered "That was Hello" His breath mingled with hers as he waited, his lips so close she could feel their warmth. For a moment she simply breathed him in growing heady on the scent of him and the tight anticipation gathering in her belly. Then she understood. Nerves fluttering, she brushed her lips across his as he had done. Again his breath hitched, as if he too felt that same spark, that hot need. Her eyes drifted closed and his voice poured over her like warm cream. "This is, 'I'm Jack'.
Debasish Mridha|Oh, let me love with all my power all the way.Let me love like stars love the moon rest of my day.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you treat yourself well, you will be good to others,
Bryce Courtenay, The Power of One|Talent can be a nice thing to have sometimes. You look good, attract attention, and if you’re lucky, you make some money. Women flock to you. In that sense, having talent’s preferable to having none. But talent only functions when it’s supported by a tough, unyielding physical and mental focus. All it takes is one screw in your brain to come loose and fall off, or some connection in your body to break down, and your concentration vanishes, like the dew at dawn.[…]If talent’s the foundation you rely on, and yet it’s so unreliable that you have no idea what’s going to happen to it the next minute, what meaning does it have?
Ramananda Prasad, The Bhagavad Gita|You have control over doing your respective duty, but no control or claim over the result. Fear of failure, from being emotionally attached to the fruit of work, is the greatest impediment to success because it robs efficiency by constantly disturbing the equanimity of mind.
Sara  Humphreys, Trouble Walks In|Lindsay strode to the door and picked up his overcoat from the back of the couch, where he'd tossed it when they came in. She wheeled around to hand him his coat; once again, as expected, Fred was standing right behind her. But this time he wasn't looking at her. He was looking up.	At the mistletoe, directly over their heads.	He met her eyes with a look that glimmered with promise. Then he took the overcoat from her hand and tossed it, lightly, onto the back of the sofa once again.	Everything seemed to slow. His intentions were clear, and she had plenty of time to step back. Yet Lindsay did nothing to stop him when he took her chin in his hand, tipped it upward, and brought his lips down to hers, as purposefully as if he'd meant to do it all along.	Lindsay could have sworn she heard bells....	Still dazed, she followed his eyes upward. "And what's the penalty for ignoring mistletoe?"	"Struck by lightning, I think.
Nikki Rowe|People are always relying on another, i always feel more comfortable alone. Art knows my pain, its not just a desire to paint, a hobby to distract me from living my truth, it is my truth.
Louisa May Alcott|And all Negroes at some period of their lives there is that yearning for a sense of group unity that is the yearning of men for a flag: for a unity that cannot be compromised, that cannot be bought; that is conscious of itself, of its strength, that is militant.
Ryan O'Neal|All my grandchildren bake. On a Saturday, Annabel's boys, Louis and Toby, always bake. Louis makes a chocolate cake, Toby makes banana or lemon drizzle. They're 12 and 10, and they can do it totally on their own. My son's twin girls, Abby and Grace, are 14; they make birthday cakes and like to do it on their own with Mum out of the way.
Robert Pinsky|Yet for my part, deeply as I am moved by the religious architecture of the Middle Ages, I cannot honestly say that I ever felt the slightest emotion in any modern Gothic church.
George Pólya|I started studying law, but this I could stand just for one semester. I couldn't stand more. Then I studied languages and literature for two years. After two years I passed an examination with the result I have a teaching certificate for Latin and Hungarian for the lower classes of the gymnasium, for kids from 10 to 14. I never made use of this teaching certificate. And then I came to philosophy, physics, and mathematics. In fact, I came to mathematics indirectly. I was really more interested in physics and philosophy and thought about those. It is a little shortened but not quite wrong to say: I thought I am not good enough for physics and I am too good for philosophy. Mathematics is in between.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Think of the end when you begin! Though the end may not be all that certain, you are sure of getting something, mostly and surprisingly, above the target in the end! Bind yourself to Persistence and tenacity, courage and vigor, Wisdom and faith, and dare unrelentingly! Sometimes it is never okay to feel okay at all. Some shall continue to feel okay until they meet what would tell them what they could have done whilst feeling okay! So it was in the days of the Fig tree. It thought portraying its flourishing leaves would have pleased Jesus Christ but Jesus needed a fruit! We are all having flourishing leaves (life,) but think of the fruits we must bear (living) when it is time to bear them, in season and out of season! May enough be enough and when you feel you have had enough, may you be pushed by enough to go beyond enough and dare to live a distinctive footprint! It all begins with a step and ends with a step! Start your day with vigor and an utmost tenacity and end your day with something! Be poised to do something distinctive each day for that is all life is about! Life is an adventurous journey and you cannot forever skip mistakes but if you make a mistake, learn from the mistake, do something with the mistake and avoid that mistake happening again and you least did made a mistake! You only took a different root than the usual to your final destination. The meaning we have given to words is what makes words have meaning! Breathe whilst you have breath and do something with the air you breathe whilst you have breath!
Chloe Thurlow, A Girl's Adventure|It made the woman feel like a thousand seas had come together from all worlds, like faraway lands had been bridged together, and the vastness of the known and the unknown were somehow easier to comprehend.
John P. Avlon, Wingnuts: How the Lunatic Fringe is Hijacking America|Godwin's law states that the longer any online debate goes on, the likelier it is that someone will play the Nazi card. It's the rhetorical equivalent of going nuclear and stupid at the same time.
Everett Ruess|Speaking of happiness, those distinctive moments are found outdoors – in the fall, in the winter and always in the mountains where people are few, wildlife is abundant and there is peace in the quiet.
Christopher Isherwood, Prater Violet|We don't fall in love, we fall in lust. We ascend to love.
Kasey Michaels, How to Tempt a Duke|I know,” he said, very softly. “Let’s go home. Let’s go home, and you can tell me whatever you want, and I’ll believe you.
Walter M. Miller Jr, A Canticle for Leibowitz|Memory is always in art, even when it works involuntarily.
Jonathan Cainer|If I Ain't Got You"Some people live for the fortuneSome people live just for the fameSome people live for the powerSome people live just to play the gameSome people think that the physical thingsDefine what's withinAnd I've been there beforeBut that life's a boreSo full of the superficial[Chorus:]Some people want it allBut I don't want nothing at allIf it ain't you, babyIf I ain't got you, babySome people want diamond ringsSome just want everythingBut everything means nothingIf I ain't got youSome people search for a fountainThat promises "forever young"Some people need three dozen rosesAnd that's the only way to prove you love themHand me the world on a silver platterAnd what good would it be?With no one to shareWith no one who truly cares for me[Chorus:]If I ain't got you with me, babySo nothing in this whole wide world don't mean a thingIf I ain't got you with me, baby
Amit Ray, Yoga and Vipassana: An Integrated Life Style|Exercises are like prose, whereas yoga is the poetry of movements. Once you understand the grammar of yoga; you can write your poetry of movements.
Michael Burry|The dual scourge of hunger and malnutrition will be truly vanquished not only when granaries are full, but also when people's basic health needs are met and women are given their rightful role in societies.
Babyface|You know, all my songs are relatives, brothers, sisters, cousins.
Charley Pride|See, when I paint, it is an experience that, at its best, is transcending reality.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|I was desperate not to confront the fact that this really could be it—that "nineteen" didn't matter, that there really was a point at which even young bodies fail. I was not immortal.
Robert A. Heinlein|Political tags — such as royalist, communist, democrat, populist, fascist, liberal, conservative, and so forth — are never basic criteria. The human race divides politically into those who want people to be controlled and those who have no such desire. The former are idealists acting from highest motives for the greatest good of the greatest number. The latter are surly curmudgeons, suspicious and lacking in altruism. But they are more comfortable neighbors than the other sort.
Andrew James Pritchard|Why the tag of ‘aspiring’ writer be the wishful cliché? It’s like a bumper sticker. Say it! I am a Writer. Period. We may all have a target and gradation toward successes, a personal illusion/perception. The quality or perseverance in one’s craft is your act. Flaws? Sure. Yet, you are a Writer, not a wannabe. Let go of the tags. Just write!
Patti Smith|When I was a kid, there were no credit cards. Instead, retailers offered layaway plans. My mom would go to a store, such as a furniture outlet, choose the sofa she wanted, and put it on layaway. That meant she put a little money down to hold the sofa, and every payday she'd pay a little toward the purchase.
Ahmir Questlove Thompson, Mo' Meta Blues: The World According to Questlove|That sounds silly, doesn't it? Running away just because you don't want to hurt somebody's feelings? But did you ever think how much of our lives we spend,dodging and twisting and making things difficult for ourselves, to avoid hurting somebody's feelings. Even people with absolutely no claim on us?
Lauren Oliver, Pandemonium|If you’re smart, you care. And if you care, you love.
Gaia B. Amman, Sex-O-S: The Tragicomic Adventure of an Italian Surviving the First Time|Everything seemed less frightening with music, even more so with music I knew by heart. It forced a familiar perspective on the scary unknown that was about to happen.
Gary Zukav|Whether you're keeping a journal or writing as a meditation, it's the same thing. What's important is you're having a relationship with your mind.
Kate Douglas Wiggin, Penelope's Irish Experiences|I am not wise enough to say how much of all this squalor and wretchedness and hunger is the fault of the people themselves, how much of it belongs to circumstances and environment, how much is the result of past errors of government, how much is race, how much is religion. I only know that children should never be hungry, that there are ignorant human creatures to be taught how to live; and if it is a hard task, the sooner it is begun the better, both for teachers and pupils. It is comparatively easy to form opinions and devise remedies, when one knows the absolute truth of things; but it is so difficult to find the truth here, or at least there are so many and such different truths to weigh in the balance....
Olga Kurylenko|Let's drink to the spirit of gallantry and courage that made a strange Heaven out of unbelievable Hell, and let's drink to the hope that one day this country of ours, which we love so much, will find dignity and greatness and peace again.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|As a lifetime optimist, my first tendency has always been to look for the best in others, the best in situations, and focus on what is working rather than what is not. Noticing the good has helped me immensely in life and business and it can do the same for you.
Alyssa Reyans, Letters from a Bipolar Mother|Bipolar robs you of that which is you. It can take from you the very core of your being and replace it with something that is completely opposite of who and what you truly are. Because my bipolar went untreated for so long, I spent many years looking in the mirror and seeing a person I did not recognize or understand. Not only did bipolar rob me of my sanity, but it robbed me of my ability to see beyond the space it dictated me to look. I no longer could tell reality from fantasy, and I walked in a world no longer my own.
Nicolas Cage|God has placed no limits to the exercise of the intellect he has given us, on this side of the grave.
Tim Wise|To do all that one is able to do, is to be a man; to do all that one would like to do, is to be a god.
G.K. Chesterton, The Everlasting Man|In evolutionary terms, that means we asked for it.
A.P.J. Abdul Kalam|The boy answers, "Don't ask unless you are willing to be hurt."Indra says, "I ask. Teach." (That, by the way, is a good Oriental idea: you don't teach until you are asked. You don't force your mission down people's throats.)
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If you are ignorant of God’s Word, you will always be ignorant of God’s will.
John Morgan|Content Is King, Distribution is Queen
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|Better to put your heart on the line, risk everything, and walk away with nothing than play it safe. Love is a lot of things, but “safe” isn’t one of them.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The leaves of the trees are like the thoughts of the men: Some are bright, some dark; some fresh, some rotten; some healthy, some diseased.
Arthur Schnitzler, Selected Short Fiction|Of all ghosts, the ghosts of our old loves are the worst.
Philippe Cousteau, Jr.|As one ages, eventually, no matter what regime you've followed, no matter how fiercely you've fought the fight, good health becomes harder to maintain. It may disappear overnight or simply dwindle, but with every year that passes, the odds shorten.
Bill Viola|Corn ethanol can help in the short term, but it has serious limitations, and none of this is going to work if we don't dramatically improve the efficiency of our cars and trucks.
Robin Wall Kimmerer, Braiding Sweetgrass: Indigenous Wisdom, Scientific Knowledge, and the Teachings of Plants|Whenever I have nothing better to do, I roast a chicken.
James Henry Breasted, The Edwin Smith Surgical Papyrus, Vol 1: Hieroglyphic Transliteration, Translation and Commentary|Without a response, I just stand there like an idiot. Like she just slapped my brain out of my skull and I can’t think.
Philippe Petit|The mental capacity of a person to make reasonable contracts, is the only criterion, by which to determine his legal capacity to make obligatory contracts. And his mental capacity to make reasonable contracts is certainly not to be determined by the fact that he is, or is not, twenty-one years of age.
Elton John|Unless we place our religion and our treasure in the same thing, religion will always be sacrificed.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Not every lost soul wants to be found, because not every lost is lost, some of them found something or many thing or even everything in their lostness!
Ella Wheeler|Men trip not on mountains, they stumble on stones.
Lionel Suggs|I remind you that I have no faith. If I sought God, I find myself.
Melyssa Winchester, Stairway to Heaven|ALATE POSTULATEWhen angels were invented, flight required wings
Nabil Saleh, The Qadi and the Fortune Teller|The sun is setting on the New Republic,” Leia said. “It's time for the Resistance to rise.
George Orwell, 1984|The strangeness of the Barrayaran government system with all its unwritten customs, pressed on Cordelia not so much as first glance but gradually. And yet it seemed to work for them somehow. They made it work, pretending a government into existence.  Perhaps all governments were all consensus fictions at their hearts.
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|I think so,” she [Claire] said. “Just watch your back, okay?” “Nah, Michael’s got mine.” He [Shane] looked straight into her eyes.“I’ve got yours.
Alice Hoffman, Skylight Confessions|She had been grief stricken as her father lay dying but now she felt weightless, the way people do when they're no longer sure they have a reason to be connected to this world. The slightest breeze could have carried her away, into the night sky, across the universe.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Lathe of Heaven|George, it's impossible to correct a defective reality-orientation overnight.
Louisa May Alcott|Marmee: Oh, Jo. Jo, you have so many extraordinary gifts; how can you expect to lead an ordinary life? You’re ready to go out and – and find a good use for your talent. Tho’ I don’t know what I shall do without my Jo. Go, and embrace your liberty. And see what wonderful things come of it.
Brendan Myers|To my mind, ‘magic’ is the hard-to-define quality of the things that stir up mystical feelings like amazement, curiosity, imagination, and above all wonder. Magic is that which renders something beautiful in a spiritual sense. It is that which makes one feel as if the world is more than it is presently understood to be, and yet at the same time the world is working itself out in a good and beautiful way. Magic underlies the relationship between us, and the greater immensities of birth and death. Thus the experience of being in the presence of something magical is an empowering, uplifting experience. Magic, understood this way, contributes meaning to life. 
Zoe Rosenberg|If one lied, or put you down, don't mourn don't grieve, for why do you care, you don't want to be friends with the mean.
Jack London|Love, love, love, says Percy.And hurry as fast as you canalong the shining beach, or the rubble, or the dust.Then, go to sleep.Give up your body heat, your beating heart.Then, trust.
Dada Bhagwan|Human life is not for suffering criticism. If it is the truth and there is no nagging or insistence upon it, others will accept it in their hearts. And if it is the truth and you nag or insist upon it, it will not touch others.
Don Watson, American Journeys|When I opened the curtains in the morning I saw the intersection of two six-lane highways. It was a comfortable, well equipped, practical sort of place, as Holidays Inns tend to be. You can be happy at a place like this so long as you stay away from the coffee. And the restaurant, if you want to be sure. Perhaps not happy, but not unhappy. Or if unhappy, at least not threatened. A good motel creates a kind of stasis for the soul in transit. One should leave no worse than one arrived: that is the minimum requirement.
Zhuangzi|Happiness is a how; not a what. A talent, not an object.
Amy Winehouse|The value of life lies not in the length of days, but in the use we make of them... Whether you find satisfaction in life depends not on your tale of years, but on your will.
Auliq Ice|Justice was like coloured balls in a magician's hand, changing colour and shape all the time beneath the light of politics.
Ashley Benson|Make space in your life for the things that matter, for family and friends, love and generosity, fun and joy. Without this, you will burn out in mid-career and wonder where your life went.
Rachel Lloyd, Girls Like Us: Fighting for a World Where Girls are Not for Sale, an Activist Finds Her Calling and Heals Herself|I am both numb and oversensitive, overwhelmed by the need, the raw and desperate need of the girls I am listening to and trying to help. I'm overdosing on the trauma of others, while still barely healing from my own.I cry for hour at home and have fitful nights of little sleep. My nightmares resurface as my own pain is repeated to me, magnified a thousand times. It feels insurmountable. How can you save everyone? How can you rescue them? How do you get over your pain? How do you ever feel normal?
Robin McKinley, Sunshine|I don't put up with being messed around, and I don't suffer fools gladly. The short version of that is that I'm a bitch. Trust me, I can provide character references.
Shannon Hale, Princess Academy|She's all over us like maggots on garbage, just because I interfered with one pickpocket yesterday.
Arlo Guthrie|There are nuclear weapons in China, Iran, Korea and Pakistan. It wouldn't take much to send a couple of warheads off on this planet somewhere that would cause a lot of environmental damage, then if you have got someone who wants to retaliate you have real problems.
Julian Quintero|You can walk with a clear conscience knowing that this life is all that you believe you have. Although there is always a point in your life that you will see what has been let go. I just hope when that day comes for us all, you wake up to what is really unknown.
Tana French, In the Woods|To my mind the defining characteristic of our era is spin, everything tailored to vanishing point by market research, brands and bands manufactured to precise specifications; we are so used to things transmuting into whatever we would like them to be that it comes as a profound outrage to encounter death, stubbornly unspinnable, only and immutably itself.
George Carlin, When Will Jesus Bring the Pork Chops?|Personally, if I were trying to discourage people from smoking, my sign would be a little different. In fact, I might even go too far in the opposite direction. My sign would say something like, "Smoke if you wish. But if you do, be prepared for the following series of events: First, we will confiscate your cigarette and extinguish it somewhere on the surface of your skin. We will then run you nicotine-stained fingers through a paper shredder and throw them into the street, where wild dogs will swallow them and then regurgitate them into the sewers, so that infected rats can further soil them before they're flushed out to sea with the rest of the city's filth. After such time, we will sysematically seek out your friends and loved one and destroy their lives."Wouldn't you like to see a sign like that?
Elizabeth Bibesco|I find my greatest happiness in thinking of those days in Homestead when I labored to bring a thing to perfection entirely by myself. In the evenings, I would go into the hills and look down on my work, and I knew that it was good, and my heart was elated.
Liane Moriarty, The Husband's Secret|and then you stopped. And looked at me. And I knew then exactly what was going to happen. You kissed me, yes. But it was not just goodnight. Even then, I could feel the promise in it. The promise that you would kiss me just like that, forever.
Samantha Chase, This Is Our Song|What is it you want, Savannah?” His voice was so low it was almost a growl.	She looked up at his face finally as she licked her lips. He was going to make her say the words – to tell him why she was up here, knocking on his door and ogling him like the world’s greatest treat.	“You,” she said, her voice barely audible.
Katlyn Conrad, Spirit on Fire|I know you can read me, and I can often hear your thoughts too. Makes for an interesting relationship, don't you think?
Ivan Alexander Pozo-Illas, A Soul Odyssey Within|Absolute love, heals absolutely.
Haruki Murakami, What I Talk About When I Talk About Running|The thoughts that occur to me while I’m running are like clouds in the sky. Clouds of all different sizes. They come and they go, while the sky remains the same sky always. The clouds are mere guests in the sky that pass away and vanish, leaving behind the sky.
Horace|The head learns new things, but the heart forever practices old experiences.
Cecelia Ahern, A Place Called Here|So blind is the curiosity by which mortals are possessed, that they often conduct their minds along unexplored routes, having no reason to hope for success, but merely being willing to risk the experiment of finding whether the truth they seek lies there.
Annie Wilson, Effect of Meditation on Cardiovascular Health, Immunity & Brain Fitness|During the time of stress, the “fight-or-flight” response is on and the self-repair mechanism is disabled. It is then when we say that the immunity of the body goes down and the body is exposed to the risk for disease. Meditation activates relaxation, when the sympathetic nervous system is turned off and the parasympathetic nervous system is turned on, and natural healing starts.
Chris Tucker|I think real life reflects your movies. In your life, you pick stuff that influences what movie roles you wanna pick. I think if you've got an interesting life, you wanna do interesting movies about interesting things.
René Descartes|Common sense is the most widely shared commodity in the world, for every man is convinced that he is well supplied with it.
Shannon A. Thompson, Seconds Before Sunrise|Remember how far you’ve come, and you won’t have to rely on a destiny for your future. It will come on your own.
Mark Driscoll|England has two books, the Bible and Shakespeare. England made Shakespeare,but the Bible made England.
stephanie   roberts, As We Are|Why not laugh again, and let your joy be my monument?
Arundathi Roy, The God of Small Things|only that once again they broke the Love Laws. That lay down who should be loved. And how, And how much.
Mickey Mouse|I may be small, but I've got friends that make me ten feet tall.
Katherine Paterson|What was the difference between Anne Frank and any other 15 year old girl living the same nightmare? Nothing! Aside from the fact that Anne spoke through her writings while others kept silent. Someone very special to me recently asked how can I write such personal things as child abuse, relationship problems, sexual addiction, and not fear how the family will feel about these revealings. I have the audacity to write such things because it's MY story. Not my parents, not my brothers, not my aunts, uncles, cousins, grandparents... MINE. Note to those contemplating writing nonfiction. Write the story. It's yours to tell. Nevermind how your family will feel. Those that love you will not judge you. I promise. Do not let your testimony be in vain.
Roz Savage, Rowing the Atlantic: Lessons Learned on the Open Ocean|If You Are Feeling Blue, Try To Paint The Sky With It. When Its Done, Look At It And Then Definitely The Golden Sun Will Come Out From You To Brighten Up Your Entire Day....
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Will to Power|However modest one may be in one's demand for intellectual cleanliness, one cannot help feeling, when coming into contact with the New Testament, a kind of inexpressible discomfiture: for the unchecked impudence with which the least qualified want to raise their voice on the greatest problems, and even claim to be judges of things, surpasses all measure. The shameless levity with which the most intractable problems (life, world, God, purpose of life) are spoken of, as if they were not problems at all but simply things that these little bigots KNEW!
Juliette Banks, The Artist|I want to be special to someone again. To know I’m cared for, and not out of obligation.
Chang-rae Lee, On Such a Full Sea|Humility is the only thing that can restore a relationship, when respect has been lost.
Elizabeth Gaskell, Mary Barton|If she lives, she shall be my wedded wife. If she dies--mother, I can't speak of what I shall feel if she dies." His voice was choked in his throat.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Wind, Sand and Stars|What a space between men their spiritual natures create! A girl’s reverie isolates her from me, and how shall I enter it? What can one know of a girl that passes, slow steps homeward, out of thoughts, she can form an empire, locked up in her language, in the singing echoes of her memory. Born yesterday of the volcanoes, of greenswards, of brine of the sea, she walks here already half divine.
Dan Millman Way of the Peaceful Warrior A Book That Changes Lives|The secret of change is to focus all of your energy, not on fighting the old, but on building the new.
Aberjhani, Splendid Literarium: A Treasury of Stories, Aphorisms, Poems, and Essays|Individuals often turn to poetry, not only to glean strength and perspective from the words of others, but to give birth to their own poetic voices and to hold history accountable for the catastrophes rearranging their lives.
Debasish Mridha|If you love what you do, it isn't your job, it is your love affair.
Marya Mannes|I film quite a bit of footage, then edit. Changes before your eyes, things you can do and things you can't. My attitude is always 'let it keep rolling.'
Robert Fulghum, All I Really Need to Know I Learned in Kindergarten|No, you cannot stop the birds of sorrow from flying over your head, but you can stop them from building nests in your hair.
Anthony T. Hincks|There are three choices in this life: be good, get good, or give up.
Mark Batterson, All In: You Are One Decision Away From a Totally Different Life|We give people political labels, sexual labels, and religious labels. But in the process, we strip them of their individuality and complexity. Prejudice is pre-judging. It's assuming that bad stories end badly, but Jesus is in the business of turning bad beginnings into happily ever afters....God cannot give up on you. It's not in His nature. His goodness and mercy will follow you all the days of your life. All you have to do is turn around. All you have to do is crash the party!
Debasish Mridha|I wish you a vivacious day of love, laughter, and joy. Have an awesome birthday!
Auliq Ice|All our dreams can manifest in life not because we are white or black, but because we believe.
Shaun Hick|Cancer gave me an understanding of the point of all this. To survive. Most of our lives it is easy but for the moments when it becomes difficult, when accident or sickness or sadness strikes, it's just about remembering one thing. You must simply survive.
Jody Hedlund, An Uncertain Choice|Ok," he says. "First lesson."Noah broadens his stance, taking his place firmly on the embassy side of the threshold. "in the United States," he says. Then, with both feet, he leaps on to the sidewalk. "Out of the United States." Quickly, he jumps back toward me. "In the United States." Another jump across the threshold. "Out of the United States. In. Out. In --""Is this the part where I hit you?
Alexis de Tocqueville|If you keep saying things are going to be bad, you have a good chance of being a prophet.
Don Tapscott|One of the problems in the biotech world is the lack of women in leadership roles, and I'd like to see that change by walking the walk.
Andrew Jackson|One reason so few of us achieve what we truly want is that we never direct our focus; we never concentrate our power. Most people dabble their way through life, never deciding to master anything in particular.
Alice Hoffman, Local Girls|Because life is a symphony it must have its C Minor. Days there be when we hear only a discord of sharps and flats, and we wonder whether harmony will ever be restored. On other days we hear only an ominous, deep strain which seems to say that hope is fled. But why this chill despair? Symphonies are a blending of many tones, high and low, over and under, major and minor. One day cannot make a life a whole any more than shadows can make a picture or minor notes a symphony. We need to hear life's song, not as the discord of a single day, but as the completed harmony of all the years. Then will today's sorrow and tomorrow's disappointment ring forth in major key as glorious melody.
Georgette Heyer, Frederica|Perhaps,” murmured his lordship, “I yielded to a compassionate impulse.”“A what?” gasped his best friend. “Oh, did you think I never did so?” said his lordship, the satirical glint in his eyes extremely pronounced. “You wrong me! I do, sometimes—not frequently, of course, but every now and then!
Jayne Castel, Darkest before Dawn|Totalitarianism in power invariably replaces all first-rate talents, regardless of their sympathies, with those crackpots and fools whose lack of intelligence and creativity is still the best guarantee of their loyalty.
Mark Waid, Daredevil, Volume 7|I sense that you are nearby, son and daughter of the Almari bloodline. I will soon come for you both.
Isaac Asimov|No matter how much you've done before, you wonder if there will be a light at the end of this particular tunnel. It's the nature of the beast, and it's a part of what compels us. Every movie is a new lesson you learn making your way through it.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|You are always born under the wrong sign, and to live in this world properly you have to rewrite your own horoscope day by day.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Will, is the precursor of possibility, and the foresight of potential.
Vironika Tugaleva|Life is a conversation with yourself. And who are you if not the eternal presence behind everything that is, was, and will be? Like this, the blow of each breeze and the beauty of each sunset can teach you about yourself, if you listen. If you hear.
Paddy Ashdown|Feeling is the consciousness of the resulting conditions - of success, failure, equilibrium, compromise or balance, in this continuous rivalry of ideas.
Nick Cohen|Antisemitism is unique among religious hatreds. It is a racist conspiracy theory fashioned for the needs of messianic and brutal rulers, as dictators from the Tsars to the Islamists via the Nazis have shown. Many other alleged religious 'hatreds' are not hatreds in the true sense. If I criticise Islamic, Orthodox Jewish or Catholic attitudes towards women, for instance, and I'm accused of being a bigot, I shrug and say it is not bigoted to oppose bigotry.
Jay Woodman|Mantra: My swirling mind becomes peaceful, and my body releases all tension. I surrender to the love of the universe, which heals me totally.
Mehmet Murat ildan|As long as there exist summer, we shall love the winter! The day summer disappears from Earth, we shall hate the winter!
Billy Graham|If I had been asked to write 1,200 words for a newspaper tomorrow, on any subject, I would just do it rather than leave a white hole in the page. And I think it's a very healthy attitude to take to writing anything.
Yair Lapid|By incentivizing Wall Street players to sniff out inefficient or corrupt companies and bet against them, short-selling acts as a sort of policing system; legal short-sellers have been instrumental in helping expose firms like Enron and WorldCom.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Let's think like a cop or to be a killer. If I want to be killer I will left some kind a evidence which make me different from the others... so was it this there?? Why you close it?? Was it open?? Did you, you open it???....
Jay Samit|The power of crowd sourcing always remains with the crowd, not the technological implementation.
Andreas Laurencius, Genesis|How the human system is happening, in the same way the universe has happened. In the same way that the micro is happening, that is how the macro has happened. If you look at the micro and perceive it, you will also know existence.
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management|You are blessed, You are great. You are not alone. You are powerful.
Darrin Lunde, Hello, Bumblebee Bat|-Bumblebee bat, how do you see at night?-I make a squeaky sound that bounces back from whatever it hits. I see by hearing.
Amy Hempel, The Collected Stories|I had my own bed. I slept in it alone, except for those times when we needed—not sex—but sex was how we got there.
Ashley Tisdale|We have a host of English teachers in the family. My mum is an English teacher, and so are my dad, my aunt and my uncle. I have grown up with family writing competitions, and I can't remember a birthday or Christmas present that didn't include books.
Linda Kage, Price of a Kiss|...but he tightened his grip so he could kiss my mangled middle finger. Yes, yes, I know. He put his mouth on a part of my body. I'm surprised I'm still conscious enough to talk about it.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Challenges Ahead? Huh! Who cares! I am a CA, Chartered Accountant.
Douglas Rushkoff|The Carter Center has the only existing international taskforce on disease eradication. Which means a total elimination of a disease on the face of the Earth. In the history of the world, there's only been one disease eradicated: smallpox. The second disease, I think, is gonna be guinea worm.
George A. Romero|[Therapist and friend, with a voice like Raul Julia during his Gomez Adam’s days] Rudy studied my face, “I have a two o’clock open on Tuesday.”I sighed, “Yeah, ok. Tuesday at two.”He nodded, pleased. “Bring Starbucks.”“Sure, what do you want?”“My usual. Iced half-caf ristretto quad grade two-pump raspberry two percent no whip light ice with caramel drizzle three-and-a-half-pump white mocha.”“Is any of that actually coffee?”“More or less.”“And you think I’m damaged …
Alan Bradley, The Weed That Strings the Hangman's Bag|But what he said was true enough: I had recently destroyed a perfectly good set of wire braces by straightening them to pick a lock. Father had grumbled, of course, but had made another appointment to have me netted and dragged back up to London, to that third-floor ironmonger's shop in Farringdon Street, where I would be strapped to a board like Boris Karloff as various bits of ironmongery were shoved into my mouth, screwed in, and bolted to my gums.
Matt Drudge|With my natural communication abilities, I could probably gather a crowd even without the Spirit.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|And once again, work is providing us with a comforting sense of normalcy-living and working inside of coding's predictably segmented time/space. Simply grinding away at something makes life feel stable, even though the external particulars of life (like our pay checks, our office, and so forth) are, at best, random.
Henry Martin|In an era where Existence is incontestable, Truth is subjective, and Reality is perceived, fiction must mediate between the three.
Wade Davis, The Wayfinders: Why Ancient Wisdom Matters in the Modern World|Until she went with him to India the first time after they were married. Then it all made sense, and she realized that the hospitality he displayed to all guests was larger than he was - it was cultural, hereditary, something coded into his DNA.
Kate DiCamillo, The Magician's Elephant|He felt a wonderful certainty. The impossible, he thought, the impossible is about to happen again.
Derric Yuh Ndim|Every day you make certain decisions and take specific actions that come about as a result of how you think, feel and the habits you tend to indulge
Shannon L. Alder|When you’re given the gift of truth, you spend a lot of time trying to tone it down because it is already offensive enough.
Marlon Wayans|Humor is perhaps a sense of intellectual perspective: an awareness that some things are really important, others not; and that the two kinds are most oddly jumbled in everyday affairs.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|We avoid risks in life only to die, and end up facing the greatest risk which is having lived life risking nothing at all.
Lindsay J. Pryor, Blood Shadows|You need me, Kane. Maybe even more than I need you.
Toni Sorenson|When negative thinking changes, everything changes.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|To be of value to humanity, start by thinking for yourself.
Andrew Root, Christopraxis: A Practical Theology of the Cross|Human was simultaneously the bearer of God's wise rule into the world, and also the creature who would bring the loyalty and praise of that creation for its Creator into love, speech, and conscious obedience.
Robin Hobb, Fool's Assassin|She heard him speak, but did not recognise the problem in his voice – only later did she realise it was that thing he’d been concealing – known as guilt.
Mark Galli, Chaos and Grace: Discovering the Liberating Work of the Holy Spirit|Life,disassembled andreassembled into a thing of beauty,reflect GOD love in a manifestation of unlimited grace.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|I'm like a starving man who has been given food. Maybe he's cold, and his clothes are torn, and he's ashamed, but he's not unhappy.
Robert H. Schuller|I do sometimes accuse people of ignorance, but that is not intended to be an insult. I'm ignorant of lots of things. Ignorance is something that can be remedied by education.
Anne Rice, The Vampire Lestat|Like so many of our neighbors who latched onto tragedy to stand out from the crowd -- slavery, incest, a suicide -- I had exaggerated the ethnic chip on my shoulder for effect. I've learned since that tragedy is not to be hoarded. Only the untouched, the well-fed and contented, could possibly covet suffering like a designer jacket. I'd readily donate my story to the Salvation Army so that some other frump in need of color could wear it away.
John Newton|I am not what I ought to be, I am not what I want to be, I am not what I hope to be in another world; but still I am not what I once used to be, and by the grace of God I am what I am
Reuben Berger|Most likely, your issue, is that NO ONE has REALLY been there for YOU in YOUR life.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|No matter how sweet is smells, if you know it will give you a discomfort later, don't even attempt to taste it. Discipline yourself to stay out of sin!
Laurie Halse Anderson, Speak|I watch the Eruptions. Mount Dad, long dormant, now considered armed and dangerous. Mount Saint Mom, oozing lava, spitting flame. Warn the villagers to run into the sea.
Deyth Banger, Deeper Level C#N|I'm asking God to bless you with something that unsettles you, disturbs you, and upsets you.
Althea Gibson|Life wasn't easy growing up; it was frustrating. If I had been a better reader, then that would have come easily, sports would have come easily, everything would have come easily, and I never would have realized that the way you get ahead in life is hard work.
Michael Thomas Ford, Looking For It|Faith, he had learned that night in front of the flickering television, was most glorious when it was most untouched by reason.
Sarah Caudwell|The medicine is in the eye of the beholder and right now you be-holding a big ass glass of it. So, shut up and drink your whiskey.
Karl Marx, The Communist Manifesto|A specter is haunting Europe—the specter of Communism. All the powers of old Europe have entered into a holy alliance to exorcise this specter; Pope and Czar, Metternich and Guizot, French radicals and German police spies.Where is the party in opposition that has not been decried as Communistic by its opponents in power? Where the opposition that has not hurled back the branding reproach of Communism, against the more advanced opposition parties, as well as against its reactionary adversaries?Two things result from this fact.I. Communism is already acknowledged by all European powers to be in itself a power.II. It is high time that Communists should openly, in the face of the whole world, publish their views, their aims, their tendencies, and meet this nursery tale of the Specter of Communism with a Manifesto of the party itself.
Roman Payne, The Wanderess|Without knowing why or how, I found myself in love with this strange Wanderess. Maybe I was just in love with the dream she was selling me: a life of destiny and fate; as my own life up until we met had been so void of enchantment. Those things: mystery, fate, enchantment... they are things that young people offer us as soon as we get close to them. And if we're not careful, we can be seduced by, and drawn back into, the youthful world they preside over.
Lisa Wimberger, New Beliefs, New Brain: Free Yourself From Stress And Fear|Maintaining one’s health in today’s toxic rich environment requires proper rest, hydration, an abundant intake of nutrients, and regular internal cleansing practices
H.G. Wells, The History of Mr. Polly|Mr. Polly went into the National School at six and he left the private school at fourteen, and by that time his mind was in much the same state that you would be in, dear reader, if you were operated upon for appendicitis by a well-meaning, boldly enterprising, but rather over-worked and under-paid butcher boy, who was superseded towards the climax of the operation by a left-handed clerk of high principles but intemperate habits,—that is to say, it was in a thorough mess.
Jesikah Sundin, Transitions: Novella Collection|He threw his hands to his eyes and hissed. Like the hiss of incinerating ashes. 'What is this bright, orange orb in the sky that mocks me with its warmth?
Bernhard Schlink, The Reader|Când ne deschidemtu mie şi eu ţie,când ne scufundămtu în mine şi eu în tine,când ne pierdemtu în mine şi eu în tine,Abia atuncieu sunt euşi tu eşti tu.
Nancy Glynn, Black 21|Yes, Daisy. Feel it,” he murmured against her mouth. “Feel what’s in my heart for you.” His hand slipped under the covers...
Fred G. Gosman|To live for some future goal is shallow. It's the sides of the mountain that sustain life, not the top.
Scott Spencer|I thought of my mother (...). Freud wrote that no man is secure in the love of his mother can ever be a failure. Well, I had been busy proving that theory wrong.
William Shakespeare|Perhaps man was neither good nor bad, was only a machine in an insensate universe--his courage no more than a reflex to danger, like the automatic jump at the pin-prick. Perhaps there were no virtues, unless jumping at pin-pricks was a virtue, and humanity only a mechanical donkey led on by the iron carrot of love, through the pointless treadmill of reproduction.
Anthony T. Hincks|Do you love me as the person that I am now, or do you love me as the person I used to be?
Nick Joaquín, Culture and History|The Labour party on the whole has not been a very effective opposition since the election, partly because it spent months and months electing its new leader. I think the Labour party should, for one thing, stress much more that for most people in the past 13 years, the period was not one of collapse into chaos but actually one where the situation improved, and particularly in areas such as schools, hospitals and a variety of other cultural achievements—so the idea that somehow or other it all needs to be taken down and ground into the dust is not valid. I think we need to defend what most people think basically needs defending and that is the provision of some form of welfare from the cradle to the grave.
Jack Kornfield, Buddha's Little Instruction Book|If your compassion does not include yourself, it is incomplete.
Joe Klaas, Twelve Steps to Happiness|The truth will set you free, but first it will piss you off.
Abhijit Naskar, Human Making is Our Mission: A Treatise on Parenting|It is the task of San shamans to activate their supernatural potency, to cause it to ‘boil’ up their spines until it explodes in their heads and takes them off to the spirit realms – that is, they enter a state of trance at the far end of the intensified trajectory.
Jawaharlal Nehru, The Discovery of India|First they came for the verbs, and I said nothing because verbing weirds language. Then they arrival for the nouns, and I speech nothing because I no verbs.
Willie Aames|Well, I could do it for a day, but I wouldn't want to be a teenager again. I really wouldn't.
Morrissey|When Pearl Harbor was bombed, young Japanese-Americans, like all young Americans, rushed to their draft board to volunteer to fight for our country. That act of patriotism was answered with a slap in the face. We were denied service and categorized as enemy non-alien.
Patrick McEnroe, Hardcourt Confidential: Tales from Twenty Years in the Pro Tennis Trenches|I sometimes rented a car and drove from event to event in Europe; a road trip was a great escape from the day-to-day anxieties of playing, and it kept me from getting too lost in the tournament fun house with its courtesy cars, caterers, locker room attendants, and such  all amenities that create a firewall between players and what you might call the 'real' world  you know, where you may have to read a map, ask a question in a foreign tongue, find a restaurant and read the menu posted in the window to make sure you're not about to walk into a joint that serves only exotic reptile meat.
Molly Ringwald, When it Happens to You|The dilemma of the critic has always been that if he knows enough to speak with authority, he knows too much to speak with detach
Dorothy L. Sayers, Have His Carcase|Listen, Harriet. I do unterstand. I know you don't want either to give or to take ... You don't want ever again to have to depend for happiness on another person.""That's true. That's the truest thing you ever said.""All right. I can respect that. Only you've got to play the game. Don't force an emotional situation and then blame me for it.""But I don't want any situation. I want to be left in peace.
R.A. Salvatore, Exile|Spirit. In every language in all the Realms, surface and Underdark, in every time and every place, the word has a ring of strength and determination. It is the hero's strength, the mother's resilience and the poor man's armor. It cannot be broken and it cannot be taken away.
Nikki Rowe|It's him, it always has been and it always will be ~ the only thing left now is timing.
John Barth|I was not born to impress youI am not here to stroke your egoI am going to strip you and expose you and when I'm done, you will be staring at your own naked truth
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|The Fates and Furies, as well as the Graces and Sirens, glide with linked hands over life.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If daughters couldn't soften a man, then nothing would.
Tessa Dare, One Dance with a Duke|I know the truth now. You've figured out I'm falling in love with you and you're trying to make me stop by hurting me this way. Well it won't work.One way or another, I'm going to make you care about me. Yes, I am, unless your cold attitude kills me first.It's only fair, Connor. If I'm going to be miserable, by God, so are you.I am not a common wench and I will not be treated like one.
Dale Carnegie, The Leader In You: How to Win Friends, Influence People and Succeed in a Changing World|You have to look at your life, as a person who must walk with the many, but develop yourselve to be one on the few 
Martine Leavitt, Keturah and Lord Death|His [Death] voice is cold at first, John. It seems unfeeling. But if you listen without fear, you find that when he speaks, the most ordinary words become poetry. When he stands close to you, your life becomes a song, a praise. When he touches you, your smallest talents become gold; the most ordinary loves break your heart with their beauty.
Ronald Reagan|If we ever forget that we're one nation under God, then we will be one nation gone under.
Mickey Hart|While the laughter of joy is in full harmony with our deeper life, the laughter of amusement should be kept apart from it. The danger is too great of thus learning to look at solemn things in a spirit of mockery, and to seek in them opportunities for exercising wit.
Marie Brenner|For her fifth wedding, the bride wore black and carried a scotch and soda.
Pekka Himanen, The Hacker Ethic: A Radical Approach to the Philosophy of Business|One might say that there is an "ethics barrier " a speed above which ethics can no longer exit. After that point the only remaining goal is to survive the immediate moment.
Sabrina Jeffries, Married to the Viscount|Every person, young or old, risks the possibility of their life not turning out as planned. Especially when it comes to marriage. They might find they aren't suited for marriage after all. Or their spouses might die of an early illness. Taking a risk on another person is what marriage is all about.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|The most important thing I learned on Tralfamadore was that when a person dies he only appears to die. He is still very much alive in the past, so it is very silly for people to cry at his funeral. All moments, past, present and future, always have existed, always will exist.
Ogden Nash, The Best of Ogden Nash|My second thoughts condemnAnd wonder how I dareTo look you in the eye.What right have I to swearEven at one a.m.To love you till I die?Earth meets too many crimesFor fibs to interest her;If I can give my word,Forgiveness can recurAny number of timesIn Time. Which is absurd.Tempus fugit. Quite.So finish up your drink.All flesh is grass. It is. But who on earth can thinkWith heavy heart or lightOf what will come of this?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The vanities of life:pleasure, possession, position and power.
Steven Cuoco|You should learn how say things with your eyes that others waste time putting into words,
Beth Fantaskey, Jessica's Guide to Dating on the Dark Side|Good-bye and hello, as always.
Michael Buble|Without exposure to potential failure, there is no risk.
Jeff Buckley|When all of this music sounds like you know what you want to say, then it will have been of all worth, ever. You will be something complete unto yourself, present and unique.
Terry Pratchett, I Shall Wear Midnight|Yes, heaven forbid I not be protected from tanks.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|I have missed you so much I could kiss you,” he whispered.September’s face fell. “Oh, but Saturday! I’ve had my First Kiss and I didn’t mean to, I didn’t want to, but your shadow is very rude and impulsive, and he took it before I could say two words! And I’ve had my second and third and maybe fifth, too. Come to think of it, this has all involved rather a lot of kissing.”Saturday furrowed his brow. “Why should I care about your First Kiss?” he said. “You can kiss anyone you like. But if you sometimes wanted to kiss me, that would be all right, too.” His blush was so deep September could feel the heat of it.She leaned in, and kissed her Marid gently, sweetly. She tried to kiss him the way she’d always thought kisses would be. His lips tasted like the sea.
Debasish Mridha|What we have left behind is beautiful, captivating, and inviting. What lies ahead of us is magnificent and mind boggling.
Dennis Lehane, Gone, Baby, Gone|We have within us the power to choose how we respond to a hurtful situation. We cannot control the actions of others, but we can control how we will respond. As we understand our power to choose, we see that we are in control. Our life is not a result of our environment or upbringing, but a result of our choices. We have the ability to determine the kind of life we want to live and the type of person we wish to be.
Akshay Dubey|How can you expect people never to hurt you? That is not possible, not even in disney land.
George Eliot|There's a constant tension between the excitement of new people and security with one person. If you go with excitement, you create chaos; you hurt people. There's jealousy, and it gets very messy. If you have security, it can be boring, and you die inside because of all the opportunities missed.
Alexandra Robbins, The Geeks Shall Inherit the Earth: Popularity, Quirk Theory and Why Outsiders Thrive After High School|Gaming was "one of the only times when you only have to focus on one thing." But even more than that, "It's like an anchor. As long as I know it's there, it's part of me. It's some form of continuity that in my life I desperately need.
Robert Barltrop|This is the way it ought to be!" said the Little Russian, returning. "Because, mark you, mother dear, a new heart is coming into existence, a new heart is growing up in life. All hearts are smitten in the conflict of interests, all are consumed with a blind greed, eaten up with envy, stricken, wounded, and dripping with filth, falsehood, and cowardice. All people are sick; they are afraid to live; they wander about as in a mist. Everyone feels only his own toothache. But lo, and behold! Here is a Man coming and illuminating life with the light of reason, and he shouts: 'Oh, ho! you straying roaches! It's time, high time, for you to understand that all your interests are one, that everyone has the need to live, everyone has the desire to grow!' The Man who shouts this is alone, and therefore he cries aloud; he needs comrades, he feels dreary in his loneliness, dreary and cold. And at his call the stanch hearts unite into one great, strong heart, deep and sensitive as a silver bell not yet cast. And hark! This bell rings forth the message: 'Men of all countries, unite into one family! Love is the mother of life, not hate!' My brothers! I hear this message sounding through the world!
Samuel R. Delany, Nova|The yellow eyes had fallen from the tired star. Lorq's face erupted about the scar at some antic from the Mouse that Katin had missed. Rage, Katin pondered. Rage. Yes, he is laughing. But how is anyone supposed to distinguish between laughter and rage in that face? But the others were laughing too. Yet some way, somehow, we do.
Samuel Johnson, The Rambler|I no longer have patience for certain things, not because I’ve become arrogant, but simply because I reached a point in my life where I do not want to waste more time with what displeases me or hurts me. I have no patience for cynicism, excessive criticism and demands of any nature. I lost the will to please those who do not like me, to love those who do not love me and to smile at those who do not want to smile at me.
Banana Yoshimoto, Kitchen|We've been very lonely, but we had it easy. Because death is so heavy - we, too young to know about it, couldn't handle it. After this you and I may end up seeing nothing but suffering, difficulty and ugliness, but if only you'll agree to it, I want for us to go on to more difficult places, happier places, what ever comes, together. I want you to make the decision after you're completely better, so take your time thinking about it. In the mean time, though, don't disappear on me.
Samantha Chase, Jordan's Return|Hopefully we'll be doing this forever, but we'll only have one first time.
George Takei|Greatness lies, not in being strong, but in the right using of strength; and strength is not used rightly when it serves only to carry a man above his fellows for his own solitary glory. He is the greatest whose strength carries up the most hearts by the attraction of his own.
Santōka Taneda|How muchI want you,I don't know.
Erik Pevernagie|All incidents which we experience are warily interpreted and translated in the dark chamber of our mind. They inspire us how to behave, how to think, how to act and prompt our predilections and our way of visualizing the world. The mind opens itself then to welcome the enchantments of life or to tear up destructive thinking patterns. The brain becomes truly a precious resilient partner. ( "Camera obscura of the mind" )
Roy Mustang|Nothing's perfect, the world's not perfect, but it's there for us, trying the best it can. That's what makes it so damn beautiful.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|What they say doesn't matter because it can be lies, but it's what they do that matters because it always speaks truth.
John E. Sarno, Healing Back Pain: The Mind-Body Connection|It is perfectly acceptable to have a physical problem in our culture, but people tend to shy away from anything that has to do with the emotions.
J. Wrice Sr.|If you can't participate in someone else's good fortune and show them love. How can you get offended when they don't partake in yours. Good fortunes are made to be enjoyed. Like a old wise pimp will say "Don't hate, participate.
Jeff Bridges|My teacher Tom Spanbauer, the man who got me started writing in his workshop, used to say: 'Writers write because they weren't invited to a party.' That always struck so true, and people always nod their heads when they hear that. Especially writers.
Catherine Friend, Compassionate Carnivore: Or, How to Keep Animals Happy, Save Old Macdonald's Farm, Reduce Your Hoofprint, and Still Eat Meat|If you are able to introduce a white person to a new cheese, it's like introducing them to a future spouse.
Mehek Bassi|A Good Relationship is like a neat and defined nail art. It requires a lot of concentration, time devotion and patience, to take it to perfection!
Heywood Broun, The Fifty-First Dragon|He couldn't take his eye off that dragonThere was something odd about the swaying of his tail...he watched his curved and voluptuous reptilian legs move with grace......its stare was docile and...loving...He wanted that creatureHe wanted him all to himselfHe slapped his forehead, "Get ahold of yourself, George. It's a dragon!"He couldn't hold himselfHe followed the dragon-shifter into it
Kelly Easton, The Life History of a Star|I will always love you Drizzt Do'Urden my life was full and without regret because I knew you and was completed by you. Sleep well, my love.
Amanda Craig, A Vicious Circle|There was a certain usefulness in having a husband whom most people could barely tolerate: it deflected envy, for one thing.
Brandi Salazar, Buried Secrets|Virginia screamed, grabbing for the door handle and nearly throwing herself from the moving car. James swerved to the side of the road, slamming on the brakes before she killed herself trying to escape. As it was, she flung herself from the car, falling to her knees and scrambling to her feet. Then she ran. Took off like a bolt until she rounded the bend and disappeared from view. 'Way to go, slick,' AJ said snarkily, climbing into the front seat. 'You ran her off.
Rabindranath Tagore|YOU are the big drop of dew under the lotus leaf, I am the smaller one on its upper side,'said the dewdrop to the lake.
Beth Kempton, Freedom Seeker: Live More. Worry Less. Do What You Love.|I am a Freedom Seeker, willing and able to choose my own path.
Ivy Devlin, Low Red Moon|Life and death lived inside each other. That's what occured to me. Death was inside all of us, waiting for warmer nights, a compromised system, a beetle, as in the now dying black timber on the mountains.
Deyth Banger|Your defeat begins of the exact spot, which you had felt secure.
Arthur Martine, Martine's Hand-Book of Etiquette, and Guide to True Politeness|So many people come up to me and said “Nick, I don’t have a purpose, I don’t know what to do in my life.” Let me ask you one thing, if you went through your life full of pain, full of tears, and at the end of your life, you actually save somebody’s life, is your life worth living? Is the pain worth someone’s life? If you could actually save somebody? Can you imagine? If you actually saw somebody nearly get run over by a car and you dive and get them out of the way of the car? For instance – an example, would that be worth living? You’ve saved somebody’s life, I don’t know. What about this? Let’s say you have a problem in your life. And you want to give up now. Imagine if someone 10 years older who’s gone through the exact same thing that you have – actually got through it and came to you and said, “you know what, I know how it feels. I’ve been there! I’ve been going through what you’re going through now. But I’m still here. Would that not encourage you? Could that possibly save your life? Yes. Is that not a purpose worth living for? And that’s why I believe in you because that is the greatest purpose! It’s to love! Honest! It sounds corny - whatever you want to say, I don’t care! I love people because there is freedom and power in loving people.
Pope John XXIII|I had the chance to make every possible mistake and figure out a way to recover from it. Once you realize there is life after mistakes, you gain a self-confidence that never goes away.
Tamron Hall|Neither man nor woman is perfect or complete without the other. Thus, no marriage or family, no ward or stake is likely to reach its full potential until husbands and wives, mothers and fathers, men and women work together in unity of purpose, respecting and relying upon each other's strengths.
Veronica Roth|Fortune helps the intrepid and abandons the cowards. I am the daughter of a man who did not know of fear. Whatever may come, I am resolved to follow that course until death.
Jasper Fforde, The Eyre Affair|It is not easy to explain why God permits evil; but it is impossible for an atheist to explain the existence of goodness. How could a spiritless, soul-less, cross-less, Godless universe become the center of faith, purity, sacrifice, and martyrdom? How can decency be the decent thing if there is no God? Since God is love, why should we be surprised that want of it should end in pain, hate, broken hearts, and war?
Margaret Lazarus Dean, Leaving Orbit: Notes from the Last Days of American Spaceflight|If someone asked me to sum up what is great about my country, I would probably tell them about Apollo 11, about the four hundred thousand people who worked to make the impossible come true within eight years, about how it changed me to see the space-scarred Columbia capsule in a museum as a child, about how we came in peace for all mankind.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|A quality education prepares you to make a living, make better choices, and have more doors open as you build a solid life.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|From our first breath to our last, we’re presented again and again with the opportunity to experience deep, lasting, and trans-formative connection with other beings: to love them and be loved by them; to show them our true natures and to recognize theirs.
Alisa Hope Wagner|Sometimes you gotta let go. It's hard to walk away from something you love, really hard. But there are times when it's the only sensible thing to do.
Linda Bloom|He knew that if Michelle entered into the walls of the Vatican, she’d corrupt every single clergyman within, causing them to forsake their vows in trade for a few moments with her. With one glance men would happily follow her to the bowels of hell and swim across the lake of fire to get to her.
Cristin Milioti|Groceries became a revelation: the people coming out with bundles of food. It's all like a great ceremony, and the whole drudgery of shopping has become my inspiration.
Arthur Laffer|When I was 12, all I wanted for Christmas was a trampoline or a four-wheeler. I ended up getting both presents for Christmas.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Swiftly Tilting Planet|When they were being blessed, there was no limit-now I am blessing others- I am giving too much!!
Alice Walker, Now Is the Time to Open Your Heart|Man must learn that his current path is not suitable for Earth, and soon, Earth won't be suitable for Man.
V.C. Andrews, Flowers in the Attic|Can we make promises to each other, as if we were truly married? Can we swear to be true and faithful and love only each other and all those things? Because I'm in such pain, Margherita, I need to have you, I need to know that you're mine. I've been in torment since I first saw you. No, since I first heard you singing from you tower height. Please, mia bella bianca, please let us swear to each other. Love breaks all spells, I know it does. Wear my ring and let me know-"She stopped his words with her mouth, cupping both hands about his face. Then she sat back to show him the ring on her finger. "I swear it all. Is that good enough? Because I really need you to kiss me again.
Timi Nadela, Get To The Top|Habits are nothing but a form of performing work with some satisfaction... We allow them to persist by being content with the outcome they provide. It's fine in some cases, but it becomes a disaster when it gets involved with our sales approach. We continue following the same approach despite not getting favorable results, eventually we accept the outcome so much that realization of becoming habitual losers becomes another habit.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I joy, that in these straits I see my west;
Lemony Snicket, Shouldn't You Be in School?|It's hard when you're missing your family," Pip said, and started the motor. " You wake up every morning like someone took one of your legs.
Stephen Richards|No matter what your wishes, they are not crazy so long as they are not crazy to you!
Nāgārjuna|Although you may spend your life killing, you will not exhaust all your foes. But if you quell your own anger, your real enemy will be slain.
J.M.  Richards, Tall, Dark Streak of Lightning|Let's say that it belong to me as much as it belongs to anyone alive today. If I am, strictly speaking, living. The old word was undead, you know, but aren't all living things undead. I dislike imprecision.
Joseph Barber Lightfoot|That's the key to success, isn't it? It has to be fun.
Orhan Pamuk, Snow|A man could be at the coffee-house every evening laughing and playing cards with his friends, he could have so much fun with his classmates that there is never a moment they arent´t exploding into laughter, he could spend every hour of the day chatting with his intimates, but if that man has been abandoned by God, he´d still be the loneliest man on earth.
Nina George, The Little Paris Bookshop|And yes, being lovesick is like being in mourning. Because you die, because your future dies and you with it...There is a hurting time. It lasts for so long. But it gets better. I know that now.
Shashi Tharoor|In the past, the U.S. has shown its capacity to reinvent its gifts for leadership. During the 1970s, in the aftermath of the Nixon abdication and the Ford and Carter presidencies, the whole nation peered into the abyss, was horrified by what it saw and elected Ronald Reagan as president, which began a national resurgence.
Debasish Mridha|I realized everyone around me was wearing a uniform. Black pants, white button-down shirts, green ties. Gotta love the smell of institutional equality in the morning.
Luther E. Vann, Elemental: The Power of Illuminated Love|The greater puzzle of universal wisdom and beauty that we have strived to honor through our work includes the profound legacies of world artistic and spiritual traditions, the innate integrity of human communities where people seek to live in social harmony, and that regenerative stream of life sustained upon the earth itself as it spins through the cosmos to the music of the spheres.
Dr. Vivencio Ballano|You are still what you think, despite what others think about you!
Noam Chomsky|Over the last 25 years, the major popular movements that have had significant impact on the general society and have changed it, that have had a major civilizing effect – the feminist movement, the environmental movement, and so on – these are mostly developments of the ‘70s and ‘80s. Their roots might be in the activism of the ‘60s, but the movements themselves developed and extended later. The same is true of the changes in respect for other cultures, rights of oppressed people, and so on. These are quite significant changes. If you compare the United States now to what it was, say, 35 years ago, the changes are quite dramatic. These are changes in popular consciousness that are quite deeply embedded.
Chapman Cohen|If god created man in his own image, how come I'm not invisible?
Rob Cowen, Common Ground|Time spent in one place deepens this interaction, creating a melding and meshing that can feel a bit like love. In the drowsy light of the coming evening I not only see where I've walked before, but who I was when I walked there. What I was feeling; what I was thinking. And isn't this how we navigate this sphere? Creating fusions of human and place, attaching meaning and emotions, drawing cognitive maps that make scenes of the realm beyond our comprehension? Our connection to the world is always two things at once: instinctive and augmented.
Diana Gabaldon, "I Give You My Body . . .": How I Write Sex Scenes|Good sex scene is about the exchange of emotions, not bodily fluids
Robin Sacredfire|If you want to accurately judge the spiritual level of any human being, count the number of religions that he is capable of understanding and observe how effective he is in applying the lessons learned to his own life or the life of others.
Hugh Laurie, The Gun Seller|I once met an RAF pilot who told me of what he called a "bird strike". This, rather unfairly in my view, made it sound as if it was the bird's fault; as if the little feathered chap had deliberately tried to head-butt twenty tons of metal travelling in the opposite direction at just under the speed of sound, out of spite.
Rhonda Byrne|You have the sense of sight, hearing, taste, smell, and touch, so that you can feel everything in life. They are "feeling" senses, because they enable you to feel what you see, feel what you hear, feel what you taste, feel what you smell and touch. Your entire body is covered with a fine layer of skin, which is a feeling organ, so you can feel everything. How you feel in any one moment is more important than anything else, because how you feel right now is creating your life.
Himmilicious|A woman settles down when she meets a gentleman among escaping chickens, funny baboons, and tricky hyenas .I'm yet to meet a homosapien.
Alexander Kjerulf, Happy Hour is 9 to 5|Happiness at work is not about eliminating all the bad stuff from your job. It’s about being happy at work even though some of these bad things are present. It’s about building your skills and your energy to fix the problems, and to create more and more positive experiences at work.
E.B. White, The Trumpet of the Swan|People cannot escape the looming specter of a deathwatch and the imposing emptiness that comes with the termination of their existence. People resist going silently into the night. We seek to howl at the moon and make known our search for a diagrammatic overture that voices our unquantifiable existence. Terrified of squandering our existence, we each seek to break out from our muteness and strike an accord with our brothers and sisters whom share our inherent desire to reach a global consilience.
Vik Muñiz|The really magical things are the ones that happen right in front of you. A lot of the time you keep looking for beauty, but it is already there. And if you look with a bit more intention, you see it.
Anuradha Bhattacharyya, One Word|That day I behaved like a good artist, one whose job is to build rather than break.
Emily Ruskovich, Idaho|I remember at that time I went to the hairdresser's. I did this regularly, but I remember that visit for two particular reasons. The first was that next to me was a young mother with a little girl aged about three. The child, whose hair was about to be cut for the first time, screamed with terror and clung to her mother. The hairdresser stood by gravely, comb in hand: he recognised that this was a serious moment. The mother, blushing, tried to comfort the child who had suddenly plunged into despair; all around the shop women smiled in sympathy. What impressed me, and what I particularly remember, was the child's passionate attempt to re-enter her mother, the arms locked around the woman's neck, the terrified cries of unending love. So dangerous is it to be so close! I had tears in my eyes, witnessing that bond, seeing that closeness, of which only a sorrowful memory remained in my own life. One loses the capacity to grieve as a child grieves, or to rage as a child rages: hotly, despairingly, with tears of passion. One grows up, one becomes civilised, one learns one's manners, and consequently can no longer manage these two functions - sorrow and anger - adequately.
Gustavo Adolfo Bécquer|¡Los suspiros son aire y van al aire!¡Las lágrimas son agua y van al mar!Dime, mujer, cuando el amor se olvida¿sabes tú adónde va?
Omoruyi Uwuigiaren, The City Heroes and Other Stories from the Heart of Africa|Our part in life is to persevere and learn as quickly as we can, for our victory depends upon our perception of the world".
Gift Gugu Mona|Always distance yourself from gossip, because it is the worst form of self-disruption.
Ricky Nelson|The biggest risk is not taking any risk... In a world that changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Color is one of the most important and distinctive elements in enhancing your image. Wearing the colors which are best matched to your personality, energy, skin tone, hair color, and body type will make you look healthier, more vibrant, confident, successful, and approachable.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Every journey conceals another journey within its lines; the path not taken and the forgotten angle. These are the journeys I wish to record. Not the ones I made, but the ones I might have made, or perhaps did make in some other place or time.
George Gordon Byron|...methinks the older that one grows, Inclines us more to laugh the scold, though laughterLeaves us so doubly serious shortly after.
Alfred Hitchcock, Alfred Hitchcock Presents: Stories That Go Bump in the Night|It's kind of like... It's kind of like playin' a basketball game. I am there and the other player is there, and it's just the two of us and I put the other player's body in my van. And I am the winner.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Unlocking Closed Doors|How much of what you accomplish today will bring you, or anyone else, closer to Christ?
Alice Munro|People suffer all over the world, every day. But people triumph all over the world every day, too.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Freedom is the decision to live and die, doing what you love.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox|We flatter those we scarcely know,We please the fleeting guest;And deal full many a thoughtless blow,To those who love us best.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|By experimenting with sympathetic joy, we break from the constricted world of individual struggle and see that joy exists in more places than we have yet imagined.
Deyth Banger|You are not first, second or third neither and fourth, fifth, sixth... (up to the endless), with this thought, - the probability is that you are somewhere in the middle (WOW AVERAGE PERSON!)...
Nat Turner|A lot of people are crazy, cruel and negative. They got a little too much time on their hands to discuss everybody else. I have a limited amount of energy to blow in a day. I'd rather read something that I like or watch a program I enjoy or ride my damn motorcycle or throw back a couple of shots of tequila with my friends.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|This is my greatest desire, to move heavenly onward.
Adrian Peter Schmidt|Flowers are conscious, intelligent forces. They have been given to us for our happiness and our healing.We can hasten our own evolution by through employing the tools offered to us by a conscious, caring Mother Nature—flowers and their essences.Flower essences allow us to see into the soul of things—into ourselves, our world, and all living beings.Flower essences are a response to the call of an ever-awakening humanity to minister to its spiritual needs.Mother Nature’s pharmacy has long been accessible to those who have pried open her botanical medicine chest. And to those who wish to learn her language—the language of flowers—she bestows her most wonderful secrets of perfect well-being.In keeping with herbalism’s ancient tradition of communing with the plant kingdom, flower essences have evolved as a natural expression of healing—in the simplest ways, through the simplest means.(The) principle of magnetism is strongly operative in flower essences that vibrationally align us with the positive qualities that we seek to uncover within ourselves.How, then, do flower essences work? Very well indeed.
Socrates|If a man comes to the door of poetry untouched by the madness of the Muses, believing that technique alone will make him a good poet, he and his sane compositions never reach perfection, but are utterly eclipsed by the performances of the inspired madman.
James Joseph Sylvester|Beethoven can write music, thank God, but he can do nothing else on earth.
Keri Hilson|My ideal relationship with the reader is that at certain points they will have said, 'I'm finding this quite tough, but I'm going to hang in there,' then at the end they will say, 'Oh God, I'm glad I hung on, it was so worth it.'
Michel Faber, The Book of Strange New Things|Being apart was wrong. Simply lying side by side did more for a relationship than words. A warm bed, a nest of animal intimacy. Words could be misunderstood, whereas loving companionship bred trust.
Stephen Richards|When you love yourself, when you appreciate yourself, and are able to make peace with yourself, then because you are the same energy as the universe, it responds. It loves you in return, appreciates you in return, and makes its peace with you in return.
AainaA-Ridtz|Life before consciousness was like blank paper, so be it.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|In someone's darkest hour your simple act of kindness may imitate the sunrise, and to sad eyes you become their only source of light.
Stephen Richards, Street Warrior: The True Story of the Legendary Malcolm Price, Britain's Hardest Man|Obviously it’s hard for anyone to imagine, but these dance halls were powder kegs just waiting to erupt. Names were made and reputations were enhanced or blown in a flash!
Nigel Slater, Tender: Volume I: A Cook and His Vegetable Patch|Pamper a tomato, overfeed it, overwater it and you will get a Paris Hilton of a tomato.
Molly Harper, How to Flirt with a Naked Werewolf|Well, that cinched it. He was an asshole. I was definitely going to end up sleeping with him.
Ally Carter, The Grift of the Magi|When you are happy, you are free; when you are free, you can be creative; when you are creative, your divine self comes out.
Dhani Harrison|It really is a fact that liberals are much higher than conservatives on a major personality trait called 'openness to experience.' People who are high on openness to experience just crave novelty, variety, diversity, new ideas, travel. People low on it like things that are familiar, that are safe and dependable.
Brian Lumley|Something like 'Without a Paddle' does really well at the box office and I'm like, 'Oh, here we go.' In 'Without a Paddle' I'm the romantic lead - great! A comedy and that's what America wants. Then it did nothing for me and I went into kind-of a work abyss. I just didn't get another shot.
Lisa Carlisle, Dark Velvet|Remind me who you are,” he said in a gentler tone, almost a please. “How we know each other.”“Okay,” she began. “I’m Savannah Evans, a grad student and teaching assistant who teaches English at a college in Cambridge. I applied to the colony to work on my poetry and arrived six weeks ago. “We’ve spoken many times. You’ve praised my work, which I find a great honor as I’m a fan of your art.
Robert Jastrow, The Enchanted Loom|For the scientist who has lived by his faith in the power of reason, the story ends like a bad dream. He has scaled the mountain of ignorance; he is about to conquer the highest peak; as he pulls himself over the final rock, he is greeted by a band of theologians who have been sitting there for centuries.
Nessie Q., Snippets of Imagery|Let’s take it slow because I’d like each moment we share to be etched in my memory. And I’d like these memories to make me smile wistfully someday. Let’s take it slow because I’m keeping a journal of our journey, and someday I’ll turn it into a book. I’d like our story to be rich in detail, and full of laughter and intriguing conversations. Let’s take it slow because all my life, I’ve always rushed into so many things, and they were all mistakes — I’d like you to be one of those things I’m going to do right. You deserve that much.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Raynor slapped her so hard her teeth rattled and eyes stung, but she refused to react except to say saucily,"You must have heard how I like foreplay.""I hope you like it a lot, because with your mouth, you'll be getting it nonstop.""Goody," she said dryly. "Because I so love a man who needs to prove his masculinity by beating on women. Do you hit children and kick cats, too?
Sharon Ashwood|Oh, I'm starting to cry again. That's what happens when you think about life being fair. And I can't explain why it isn't . . . I don't think it's something anybody knows.
Franklin Gillette|To see the divine in others, we have to love. Where love is thick, faults are thin. If you really love someone, then it is difficult to find fault with him. His faults seem negligible, for love means oneness. This oneness comes from our conscious acceptance of his reality as it is.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you run a hundred miles in your heart, you are ready to run a hundred miles on your feet.
Gabriel García Márquez, One Hundred Years of Solitude|Tell him,' the colonel said, smiling, 'that a person doesn’t die when he should but when he can.
Cheryl Strayed, Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail|What is it precisely, that they are doing when they are doing science. Are they refining their instruments for observation or discovering new aspects of reality?
Matshona Dhliwayo|Wisdom is better than flattery, even if bitter in your ears.
Daniel Kahneman, Thinking, Fast and Slow|...the characters are useful because of some quirks of our minds, yours and mine. A sentence is understood more easily if it describes what an agent (system 2) does than if it describes what something is, what properties it has.
Danielle LaPorte, White Hot Truth: Clarity for Keeping It Real on Your Spiritual Path from One Seeker to Another|The elements of chemistry are many, but finite so are the techniques of enlightenment; everybody falls in love somehow.
Thomas Szasz|I'm very involved with kids because after being a teacher for seven years, I just can't stop loving the kids. I am a teacher forever.
Lisa Kleypas, Mine Till Midnight|I was fascinated by information about the Earth's magnetic field in my geological studies, and started wondering what would happen if long-overdue changes in geomagnetism manifested in modern times. I decided, working with my wife Tiane, to take these ideas further by adding a dash of adventure and dramatic twists and turns exploring how different types of people, good and bad, might react.
Alain de Botton|I regretted what a serious teenager I'd been: There were no posters of pop stars or favorite movies, no girlish collection of photos or corsages. Instead there were paintings of sailboats, proper pastel pastorals, a portrait of Eleanor Roosevelt. The latter was particularly strange, since I'd known little about Mrs. Roosevelt, except that she was good, which at the time I suppose was enough. Given my druthers now, I'd prefer a snapshot of Warren Harding's wife, "the Duchess," who recorded the smallest offenses in a little red notebook and avenged herself accordingly. Today I like my first ladies with a little bite.
Delmore Schwartz, In Dreams Begin Responsibilities and Other Stories|What was the freedom to which the adult human being rose in the morning, if each act was held back or inspired by the overpowering ghost of a little child?
Janet Taylor Lisle, Forest|It is fundamental to both Taoist and Confucian thought that the natural man is to be trusted, and from their standpoint it appears that the Western mistrust of human nature-whether theological or technological-is a kind of schizophrenia. It would be impossible, in their view, to believe oneself innately evil without discrediting the very belief, since all the notions of a perverted mind would be perverted notions.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Neglected But Undefeated: The Life Of A Boy Who Never Knew A Mother's Love|Anger makes you smaller, while forgiveness forces you to grow beyond who you were.
Will McIntosh, Love Minus Eighty|She felt a soft brush of lips against her forehead, heard the other woman murmur, "Sleep now, chére."Chére, Hannah though. Cherished. It was a good thing to be. She wrapped the word around her and carried it down with her into sleep.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you allow someone else to convert more time than you in your chosen territory, you automatically become a servant or a second class citizen in that territory and whoever it is who converted more time than you in that territory becomes your king and will lord it over you in that territory.
Larry Wilmore|Happiness is just a positive perception from our brain. Some days, you will be unhappy. Our brain is a tool we use. It's not who we are.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|The possible is just the impossible that we've come to accept,
Thomas Hobbes|It is not light that we need, but fire; it is not the gentle shower, but thunder. We need the storm, the whirlwind, and the earthquake.
China Anne McClain|My mother was a very wonderful woman. When she and my dad divorced, she moved to California and worked two jobs in the cannery at night and as a waitress during the day. But she saved enough money to establish a restaurant.
Steven Magee|If I were to go back in time with the knowledge that I have today about Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity (EHS), I would invest the money into changing the electrical characteristics of my body and exhaust that route first, particularly if no one else in the home is showing the condition. If everyone is sick in the home, it is probably an environmental issue that warrants expense on changing the environmental factors.
Frank Herbert, The Dosadi Experiment|The first people to get the new money are the counterfeiters, which they use to buy various goods and services. The second receivers of the new money are the retailers who sell those goods to the counterfeiters. And on and on the new money ripples out through the system, going from one pocket or till to another. As it does so, there is an immediate redistribution effect. For first the counterfeiters, then the retailers, etc. have new money and monetary income they use to bid up goods and services, increasing their demand and raising the prices of the goods that they purchase. But as prices of goods begin to rise in response to the higher quantity of money, those who haven't yet received the new money find the prices of the goods they buy have gone up, while their own selling prices or incomes have not risen. In short, the early receivers of the new money in this market chain of events gain at the expense of those who receive the money toward the end of the chain, and still worse losers are the people (e.g., those on fixed incomes such as annuities, interest, or pensions) who never receive the new money at all.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|And with a relentlessness that comes from the world's depths, with a persistence that strikes the keys metaphysically, the scales of a piano student keep playing over and over, up and down the physical backbone of my memory. It's the old streets with other people, the same streets that today are different; it's dead people speaking to me through the transparency of their absence; it's remorse for what I did or didn't do; it's the rippling of streams in the night, noises from below in the quiet building.I feel like screaming inside my head. I want to stop, to break, to smash this impossible phonograph record that keeps playing inside me, where it doesn't belong, an intangible torturer. I want my soul, a vehicle taken over by others, to let me off and go on without me. I'm going crazy from having to hear. And in the end it is I – in my odiously impressionable brain, in my thin skin, in my hypersensitive nerves – who am the keys played in scales, O horrible and personal piano of our memory.
Clarice Lispector|I carry out sun rituals on the slopes of high mountains. But I am also taboo for myself, untouchable because forbidden.
Mercedes Lackey, Winds of Change|It's just as easy to be lonely in a city as out in the wilderness. Easier, really. It's harder to get to know someone when you meet in a crowded place. People can freely ignore you in the city; they can assume they don't have any responsibility for you. When there are fewer people, (...) they begin assuming some kind of responsibility, simply because you naturally do the same.
Jonathan Stroud, The Whispering Skull|Rosehill was shady and beautiful, the most serene place I could imagine. It had been closed to the public for years, and sometimes as I wandered alone - and often lonely - through the lush fern beds and long curtains of silvery moss, I pretended the crumbling angels were wood nymphs and fairies and I their ruler, queen of my own graveyard kingdom.
Francis de Sales|The body is poisoned through the mouth, even so is the heart through the ear ... And even if we do mean no harm, the Evil One means a great deal, and he will use those idle words as a sharp weapon against some neighbor's heart.
Stefan Emunds|Like flowers we grow, bloom, and whither - each day and each life. In our next life we'll grow, bloom, and whither even more beautifully. But although we blossom more grandiose in each new life, all our lives are perfect in their own way.
Beryl Markham, West with the Night|He had fought wizards (though not because he wished to), battled goblinkin (only because running hadn't been an option at the time), and faced incredible monsters (drat the luck he sometimes had when he thought about it).
Suzanne Rindell, Three-Martini Lunch|A hero is merely a man never afraid of being called to heaven because he is certain he has done his duty, Nicholas."  -Admiral Lord Nelson (fictional)
Daniel Quinn, Providence: The Story of a Fifty-Year Vision Quest|We should be told: Write fast, write close to the bone, write for ten hours straight until you’re not thinking in words anymore, but in colors, in smells, in waves of memory. Right what you care about. Don’t write one more word you don’t care about. Don’t waste any more of your life on what does not matter to you. Write only what matters to you—those scenes, those dialogues. Get messy. Before you get neat, get very, very messy. Write until you are more alive than you have ever been before.
Teju Cole, Open City|There was no starting point for the rebellion, but I could mark an arbitrary one: that a grown-up was someone who, first and foremost, could drink a Coke at whim.
Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe|Part of what drives us to explore and discover is the intangible: expanding our horizons, feeding our curiosity, finding all those unexpected things, and trying to answer those profound questions discussed in previous chapters, like how did the universe begin? How did life begin? Are we alone?
Laurieann Gibson|Let's face it: fitness is boring. But it's critical to be extremely dedicated to whatever you decide to take up to achieve a desired result. There's no way you are going to get there without dedication, which is the key for me.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|In order to reach for the stars, you must have both feet planted firmly on the ground.
Marcel Duchamp|To all appearances, the artist acts like a mediumistic being who, from the labyrinth beyond time and space, seeks his way out to a clearing.
Frank Peretti|I got into computers back in the early '80s, so it was a natural progression of learning about e-mail in the mid-'80s and getting into the Internet when it opened up in the early '90s.
Marie Helvin|I have no idea what it would be like to be just one thing and speak one language. I feel enormously privileged to travel and be able to mingle and speak to people that, had I only known English, I wouldn't have been able to meet.
Meg Cabot|I have a strong belief that there is a god or a higher power. I think that if you have a strong belief in that, then you won't feel alone in life and you will feel you can get through anything.
Nhat Hanh|Nuclear power is a young technology - there's so much more to be discovered. That's what makes it so exciting to me. Yes, there are problems, but innovative people are going to be able to come up with solutions and bring the technology to its full potential.
Bethany L. Brand|The SCID-D may be used to assess the nature and severity of dissociative symptoms in a variety of Axis I and II psychiatric disorders, including the Anxiety Disorders (such as Posttraumatic Stress Disorder [PTSD] and Acute Stress Disorder), Affective Disorders, Psychotic Disorders, Eating Disorders, and Personality Disorders.The SCID-D was developed to reduce variability in clinical diagnostic procedures and was designed for use with psychiatric patients as well as with nonpatients (community subjects or research subjects in primary care).
Ludwig Wittgenstein, Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus|That of which we cannot speak, we must pass over in silence
Demi Lovato|Strength lies in differences, not in similarities.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters on Life|I have often wondered whether especially those days when we are forced to remain idle are not precisely the days spend in the most profound activity. Whether our actions themselves, even if they do not take place until later, are nothing more than the last reverberations of a vast movement that occurs within us during idle days.In any case, it is very important to be idle with confidence, with devotion, possibly even with joy. The days when even our hands do not stir are so exceptionally quiet that it is hardly possible to raise them without hearing a whole lot.
Florence King, Confessions of a Failed Southern Lady|In the South, Sunday morning sex is accompanied by church bells.
Christine Fonseca, Mea Culpa|She slips into the seat at our table, refusing to look up at me. I reach for her hand, sending a shiver through me when our finger tips touch. She glances at me, her eyes filled with a feral fear that reaches into my depths, pulling on emotions I refuse to acknowledge. Things I can’t feel now. Won’t feel ever again.
Steve Gleason|The older we get, the swifter time seems to pass and the quicker memories seem to fade.
Chuck Palahniuk, Rant|The future you have, tomorrow, won't be the same future you had, yesterday.
Cory Booker|Even in the deepest love relationship - when lovers say 'I love you' to each other - we don't really know what we're saying, because language isn't equal to the complexity of human emotions.
Dara Reidyr|This system that has been created for us, stifles the mind, thus the profuse amount of mental illness among society. To hold back a fluid being from mental development is to ask for trouble. When society begins to exhibit the symptoms of this break down, the creators of this system decided to label the behavior mental illnesses, so as to ensure that blame is placed upon the individual. You cannot blame someone who might have developed into someone great, for the break down of their mental constitution; it's to be expected.
Nathaniel Branden|Out of fear, out of the desire for approval, out of misguided notions of duty, people surrender themselves--their convictions and their aspirations--every day. There is nothing noble about it. It takes far more courage to fight for your values than to relinquish them.
Andy Harglesis|Time is rarely the limiting factor -- more so, structure often is.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|What are the key elements for a fabulous, well-delivered compliment? You . . .•	are sincere and genuine.•	give it freely without expecting anything in return. Your compliment is a selfless gift, not a boomerang.•	are specific and detailed.•	elaborate on why you like something.•	describe how their positive virtue has positively impacted you.•	can use adjectives for more colorful descriptions.•	keep it positive.•	say it like you mean it with intentional impact.•	use discretion and good judgment.•	leave no room for misinterpretation or misunderstanding.•	say the right thing at the right moment and let it flow organically.Finding sincere ways to compliment others is a powerful way to make a great first and last impression.
Ava Dellaira, Love Letters to the Dead|I know I wrote letters to people with no address on this earth, I know that you are dead. But I hear you. I hear all of you. We were here. Our lives matter.
Lisa Kleypas, It Happened One Autumn|Honesty is overrated. As someone once said, 'Secrecy is the first essential in affairs of the heart.'""It was the Duc de Richelieu," said Lillian, who had read the same book of philosophy during their schoolroom lessons. "And the accurate quote is, 'Secrecy is the first essential in affairs of the State.'""He was French, though," Daisy argued. "I'm sure he meant the heart as well."Lillian laughed and glanced at her sister affectionately. "Perhaps he did. But I don't want to keep secrets from Lord Westcliff.""Oh, very well. But heed my words- it wouldn't be a true love affair if you didn't have a few little secrets.
Melissa Marr, Ink Exchange|Getting ink felt right, like it would help her put her life in order, to move forwards. It was her body, despite the things that'd been done to it, and she wanted to claim it, to own it, to prove that to herself. She knew it wasn't magic, but the idea of writing her own identity felt like the closest she could get to reclaiming her life. Sometimes there's power in the act; sometimes there's strength in words. She wanted to find an image that represented those things she was feeling, to etch it on her skin as tangible proof of her decision to change.
Lee Wilkinson, Ruthless!|There was an infinitesimal pause while he watched her face, as though he half expected her to recognise it, before he went on, 'My friends call me Thorn,' and gave her a smile of such devastating charm that she blinked.Her hand clasped in his, her senses zinging from his touch and that stunning smile, she stared into his dark, handsome face until, realising that she was gawking at him like some overgrown schoolgirl, she withdrew her hand and asked quickly, 'What do your enemies call you?
Neal Shusterman, Challenger Deep|And I think, if thoughts are worth a penny, how much less promises must be worth. Especially the ones you're likely to break.
Brynn Kelly, Deception Island|You really need better spatial awareness.” A familiar, deep voice from behind her made her jump out of her skin.Feeling almost numb, she turned to find Graysen West standing there—and looking way too sexy for his own good. Or for her own good. She’d thought she was completely alone in the elevator.She blinked once. Yep, he was still there. Well over six feet of raw masculinity, bright blue eyes she could drown in, and a disapproving frown that somehow made him look sexy.Isa felt almost possessed as she lashed out. A year of built-up anger and hurt came bursting to the surface. Her arm was moving before she’d processed what she was doing but when her fist connected with his nose, she cursed at the pain that jolted through her hand. Punching someone hurt.
Holly Holm|You have to be sincere in your feelings. And fear is one of those, sometimes; doubt is one of those; jealousy, anger - all your emotions are not going to be considered the strong emotions; all of them are not going to be love, happiness, joy.
Veronica Roth|Since I was young, I have always known this: Life damages us, every one. We can’t escape that damage. But now, I am also learning this: We can be mended. We mend each other
W.T. Stace|Spinoza formulated the profoundly important principle that *all determination is negation*. To determine a thing is to cut it off from some sphere of being and so to limit it. To define is to set boundaries. To say that a thing is green limits it by cutting it from the sphere of pink, blue, or other-coloured things. To say that it is good cuts it off from the sphere of evil. This limitation is the same as negation. To *affirm* that a thing is within certain limits is to *deny* that it is outside those limits. To say that it is green is to say that it is not pink. Affirmation involves negation. Whatever is said of a thing denies something else of it. All determination is negation.This principle is fundamental for Hegel also, but with him it takes rather the converse form that *all negation is determination*. Formal logicians will remind us that we cannot simply convert Spinoza's proposition. But it is sufficient to point out in reply that not only does affirmation involve negation; negation likewise involves affirmation. To say that a thing belongs to one class is to affirm that it belongs to some other class,—though we may not know what that class is. Positive and negative are correlatives which mutually involve each other. To posit is to negate: this is Spinoza's principle. To negate is to posit: this is Hegel's.When, therefore, we meet Hegel talking about "the portentous power of the negative," we have to consider that for him negation is the very process of creation. For the *positive* nature of an object consists in its determinations. The nature of a stone is to be white, heavy, hard, etc. And since all determinations are negations, it follows that the positive nature of a thing consists in its negations. Negation, therefore, is of the very essence of positive being. And for the world to come into being what is above all necessary is the force of negation, "the portentous power of the negative." The genus only becomes the species by means of the differentia, and the differentia is precisely that which carves out a particular class from the general class by excluding, i.e., negating, the other species. And the species again only becomes the individual in the same way, by negating other individuals. These thoughts are no causal reflections of Hegel. They underlie his entire system. We must get to understand that these three ideas, determination, limitation, and negation, all involve each other."—from_The Philosophy of Hegel_
Ursula K. Le Guin|While we read a novel, we are insane—bonkers. We believe in the existence of people who aren't there, we hear their voices... Sanity returns (in most cases) when the book is closed.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, The First Circle|General Gary Prado Salmón, retired, had been the commander of the unit that had captured Guevara. He confirmed General Vargas’ statement and added that the guerrilla fighters had been burned, before dumping their bodies into a mass grave, dug by a bulldozer, at the end of the Vallegrande airstrip. He explained that the body of “Che” Guevara had been buried in a separate gravesite under the runway. The morning after the burials, “Che” Guevara’s younger brother, Juan Martin Guevara, arrived in Vallegrande, hoping to see his brother’s remains. Upon asking, he was told by the police that it was too late. Talking to some of the army officers, he was told lies or perhaps just differing accounts of the burial, confusing matters even more. The few peasants that were involved and knew what had happened were mysteriously unavailable. Having reached a dead end, he left for Buenos Aires not knowing much more than when he arrived.
Mensah Oteh|Give yourself permission to dream, to choose, to decide.
Colin S. Smith, The 10 Greatest Struggles of Your Life|God had spoken to His people through His Word. It had humbled them in their sins, but it had lifted them up to see the grace and mercy of God, and then had directed them into a new life of obedience. In all our desperate searching for ways to find joy, God is telling us that we will never find joy like the joy of knowing God, being humbled in our sins, experiencing His grace, and walking in a life of obedience.
Jad Alhadad|The Days tried to put inside me " weakness ..." .. But my soul will always beat " strength".
General Grievous|The ruthless, in the end, are the ones that will succeed.Those not held down by moral, by law, by emotion will triumph.Ruthlessness is the father of victory.Ruthlessness brings victory, but it also brings pain. The loss on one’s own hands and at the hands of others will burden one forever. But pain, too, is an advantage. Pain is a driving force. Pain can incinerate worlds.Pain creates drive, but it will take its toll.The victory that it brings lasts for a while, but the loss lasts forever.Loss without victory brings bitterness.Bitterness has advantages as well.Bitterness always remembers.Bitterness is the father of vengeance.But while it can lead to vengeance, it can also lead to self-destruction.Ruthlessness, pain, and bitterness are dangerous.If you are not careful, they will betray you. If you are not careful, they can very well destroy you.But to the shrewd, even this can be made an opportunity.Even ruin has its benefits.When ruination is at hand, there is nowhere to go but higher.Ruination is a chance for rebirth.Rebirth is a chance to correct old mistakes.Rebirth is a chance to destroy your enemy forever.
Cindy Williams|Then, when I got in the military, I used to host - even in high school - I hosted the talent shows, and when I was in the military I would host all of our base Christmas parties and stuff.
Tan Twan Eng, The Garden of Evening Mists|The best narrative is one of infinite love. A spiritual affair--one not of the material world. Intermingled, with no beginning nor end--it will always stand the test of time.
Yuri Herrera, Signs Preceding the End of the World|Rucksacks. What do people whose life stops here take with them? Makina could see their rucksacks crammed with time. Amulets, letters, sometimes a huapango violin, sometimes a jaranera harp. Jackets. People who left took jackets because they’d been told that if there was one thing they could be sure of over there, it was the freezing cold, even if it was desert all the way. They hid what little money they had in their underwear and stuck a knife in their back pocket. Photos, photos, photos. They carried photos like promises but by the time they came back they were in tatters.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|I have stolen princesses back from sleeping barrow kings. I burned down the town of Trebon. I have spent the night with Felurian and left with both my sanity and my life. I was expelled from the University at a younger age than most people are allowed in. I tread paths by moonlight that others fear to speak of during day. I have talked to gods, loved women, and written songs that make the minstrels weep. You may have heard of me.
Thomas Gibson|One of the things that got me interested in genetics was the relationship between genes and environment. We are all dealt a certain deck of cards, but our environment can influence the outcomes.
Theognis|No matter how unattractive your job is, once you are earning with honesty and dignity you need not care what people think of you in your work uniform.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When love enters your heart, hate is given an eviction notice.
Nicos Anastasiades|I don't think people are fools, and I think they deserve a good attitude and smart entertainment.
Lars Fr. H. Svendsen, A Philosophy of Boredom|Just as, at least in one religion, accidia is the first of the cardinal sins, so bordom, and particularly the incredible circumstance of waking up bored, was the only vice Bond utterly condemned.
Gena Showalter, Alice in Zombieland|Should I pull on a shirt?" he asked with hint of amusement. I WILL NOT BLUSH. "No." He'd be doing the world a favor if he never wore a shirt again, but I wasn't going to tell him that part. "You're fine.
Jan Jansen|The story of two dreams is a coincidence, a line drawn by chance, like the shapes of lions or horses that are sometimes formed by clouds.
Louis L'Amour, Education of a Wandering Man|Books are precious things, but more than that, they are the strong backbone of civilization. They are the thread upon which it all hangs, and they can save us when all else is lost.
Elizabeth Heiter, Seized|Even in hell, there are rules.
T. Harv Eker|For the prosperous, it's not about getting more stuff. It's about having the freedom to make almost any decision you want.
Pauline Seaport|Our own way is what our heart wants, and do not let others influence us.
Traci Chee, The Reader|She is a figure of legend and fairy tale, one to be taken seriously, or she might knock you off your feet with a quick whirl of the staff she carries everywhere.
Christy Turlington|People always think that if you eat anything as a model, it's amazing. I used to tease them and say, you know I'm going to throw up afterwards.
Katie Reus, Hunter Reborn|Aiden whirled on the tall cowboy. "What the fuck's your problem? Teresa looks like sex on heels so pull that stick out of your ass.
Sri Jibankrishna or Diamond|To a realized master, death and rebirth is in every breath. Death is that of body consciousness, ego and limits of the mind. Rebirth is that of the cosmic mind of being the Spirit. In this realization is liberation.When awake as liberated, each prayer and each moment of meditation is for humanity as there is no more individual ego or identity left. Such realized masters continually gift humanity with the grace of higher consciousness- so that each of us attain our fullest potential in goodness.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|it's a smile, it's a kiss, it's a sip of wine ... it's summertime!
Jon Secada|On my wedding day, I gifted my wife a platinum ring.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Are we insane? The moment we awake, we shall acknowledged God as the Divine Being.
Anaïs Nin|I, with a deeper instinct, choose a man who compels my strength, who makes enormous demands on me, who does not doubt my courage or my toughness, who does not believe me naïve or innocent, who has the courage to treat me like a woman.
ted talk|The major barrier to skill acquisition is not intellectual, it is emotional.
Wolfgang Pauli|It can only be our familiarity with soap bubbles from our earliest recollections, causing us to accept their existence as a matter of course, that prevents most of us from being seriously puzzled as to why they can be blown at all.
Rudyard Kipling|Anyone can talk,   but to listen is a gift,     we should all exchange
James A. Chu|Treatment for DID should adhere to the basic principles of psychotherapy and psychiatric medical management, and therapists should use specialized techniques only as needed to address specific dissociative symptomatology.Guidelines for Treating Dissociative Identity Disorder in Adults, Third Revision
Dexter Palmer, Version Control|First, the idea of the multiverse is essentially the fantasy of preserving perfect information. One of the hard things to deal with in life is the fact that you destroy potential information whenever you make a decision. You could even say that's essentially what regret is: a profound problem of incomplete information. If you select one thing on a diner's menu, you can't know what it would have been like to taste other things on it, right then, right there. When you marry one person, you give up the possibility of knowing what it would have been like to have married any number of others. But if the multiverse exists, you can at least imagine there's another version of you who's eating that other thing you thought about ordering, or who's married to that other man you only went on two dates with. Even if you'll never see all the information for yourself, at least you'll be able to tell yourself that it's 
Rosie Blythe, The Princess Guide to Life|I know my father blamed himself, since he is the one who discovered me pawing through his pornography in the basement as a child. Even then, I marveled at the strangeness of the women in the magazines, their hair feathered in a style I struggled to believe was ever in fashion.
Flannery O'Connor, A Prayer Journal|When something is finished, it cannot be possessed. Nothing can be possessed but the struggle.
Michael Bassey Johnson|If a friend starts behaving silly because you bother him so much, don't worry, you're not the first person, he has got a sting in his stomach, an hunger that causes an epidemic hatred.
Ella Dominguez, The Art of Control|Everybody! This is my cousin right here, and he just dethroned God's gift to Women - Griffin
Edward O. Wilson|If all mankind were to disappear, the world would regenerate back to the rich state of equilibrium that existed ten thousand years ago. If insects were to vanish, the environment would collapse into chaos.
Joel Osteen (Your Best Life Now: 7 Steps to Living at Your Full Potential)|If you want to see God do wonders in your marriage, start praising your spouse. Start appreciating and encouraging her. Every single day, a husband should tell his wife, “I love you. I appreciate you. You’re the best thing that ever happened to me.” A wife should do the same for her husband. Your relationship would improve immensely if you’d simply start speaking kind, positive words, blessing your spouse instead of cursing him or her.
Cormac McCarthy, All the Pretty Horses|A goodlookin horse is like a goodlookin woman, he said. They're always more trouble than what they're worth. What a man needs is just one that will get the job done.
Kytka Hilmar-Jezek, Born To Learn|The primary difference I see is that unschooling is an invitation to awaken and ennoble capabilities that exist within the child. Where traditional schooling is to fill the child with facts that we, as a collective have decided upon.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|That is a dream also; only he has remained asleep, while you have awakened; and who knows which of you is the most fortunate?
Haritha Velpureddy|Gun for sure is louder than a Pen, bullet is hotter than Ink, but Death is not a silencer for Pen.
Debasish Mridha|To improve your being, appreciate yourself for simplest of reasons.
Erin Kellison, Lay Me Down|He dragged her to him, and she, being equally focused on attaching her mouth to his, lost her balance. Stepping in for the save, he held her up against the doorjamb with his hard body, mouth rasping hers, tongue deep enough to touch her soul. Could be oxygen deprivation, but she saw stars behind her closed lids.
Erin Morgenstern|It was all a matter of timing," she says. "My train was late that day. The day I saw you drop your notebook. Had it been on schedule we never would have met. Maybe we were never meant to. It was a possibility, one of thousands, and not inevitable, the way some things are.
Doris Anderson, Rebel Daughter : An Autobiography|If I had had a daughter, I always knew what I would tell her. First of all, I would try to counter all outdated stereotypical claptrap that girls are commonly told about their sex--that women are valued far more for their sexual characteristics than their character and brains--and encourage her to be a truly independent person. Only knowing who she is herself will she be able to find find her own life's work and make good decisions in choosing a partner and having children.
Hadley Freeman, Be Awesome: Modern Life for Modern Ladies|Pubic hair is proof of sexual maturity and if your partner finds that a turn-off, you should probably reconsider that partner.
Rutina Wesley|If I could get any animal it would be a dolphin. I want one so bad. Me and my mom went swimming with dolphins and I was like, 'How do we get one of those?' and she was like, 'You can't get a dolphin. What are you gonna do, like, put it in your pool?'
Amit Chaudhuri, Freedom Song|Elle wondered if heart could smile, because she felt that her joy reached her inner being.
Kim Gordon, Girl in a Band|Even at a time like this, the street is bright enough and filled with people coming and going—people with places to go and people with no place to go; people with a purpose and people with no purpose; people trying to hold time back and people trying to urge it forward.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|Perhaps I cannot make my people good, she told herself, but I should at least try to make them a little less bad.
Ken Ham|I felt sad because everyday I had to wake up early to practice before going to school. After school I had to go back to tennis again, and then after tennis I had homework. I didn't have time to play.
Bill Hicks|They lie about marijuana. Tell you pot-smoking makes you unmotivated. Lie! When you're high, you can do everything you normally do just as well — you just realize that it's not worth the fucking effort. There is a difference.
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|What a marvelous cooperative arrangement - plants and animals each inhaling each other's exhalations, a kind of planet-wide mutual mouth-to-stoma resuscitation, the entire elegant cycle powered by a star 150 million kilometers away.
Hmong Proverb|Feelings that would not have disgraced a leader who, now that the snow has begun to fall and the mountain-top is covered in mist, knows that he must lay himself down and die before morning comes, stole upon him, paling the colour of his eyes, giving him, even in the two minutes of his turn on the terrace, the bleached look of withered old age. Yet he would not die lying down; he would find some crag of rock, and there, his eyes fixed on the storm, trying to the end to pierce the darkness, he would die standing. He would never reach R.
Marc Ashton|While explaining God to his granddaughter Daska, Horace Dade Ashton said, 'God was everything she breathed and walked on, everything that lived, everything she saw, touched, and felt. God was in every one of us.
Mark Twain|My job is to preach the Gospel, which has the power to change men’s lives from the inside out.
Santiago Ramón y Cajal, Advice for a Young Investigator|Any man could, if he were so inclined, be the sculptor of his own brain.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|I wondered about the explorers who'd sailed their ships to the end of the world. How terrified they must have been when they risked falling over the edge; how amazed to discover, instead, places they had seen only in their dreams.
Jay Woodman|The angel of God, having secretly Betrothed us one winter day,Watches over our carefree livesWith fixed, darkening eyesBecause of this we love the sky,Keen air, the fresh windAnd the blackening branchesBehind the iron fence.Because of this we love the sternDark city with its many waterways.And we love our partings,And our brief meetings.
Adam Zagajewski, A Defense of Ardor: Essays|Read for yourselves, read for the sake of your inspiration, for the sweet turmoil in your lovely head. But also read against yourselves, read for questioning and impotence, for despair and erudition, read the dry sardonic remarks of cynical philosophers like Cioran or even Carl Schmitt, read newspapers, read those who despise, dismiss or simply ignore poetry and try to understand why they do it. Read your enemies, read those who reinforce your sense of what's evolving in poetry, and also read those whose darkness or malice or madness or greatness you can't understand because only in this way will you grow, outlive yourself, and become what you are.
Guillaume Faye, Why We Fight|It wasn't an attack. We'd been together too many times before, made love together too many times before, for it to be that. It was just that fear had suddenly entered, and made us dangerous strangers.("New York Blues")
Derek Landy, Mortal Coil|They say sarcasm is the lowest form of wit," Valkyrie said. China glanced at her. "They've obviously never met me.
RVM|Whatever we do in Life, let us not forget to enjoy it. Life is a Gift and will soon end. We may have Goals and Aspirations, but we must enjoy every Moment of Life.
Hasse Jerner|Facts and science without the presence of wisdom and reason are worth a little less than nothing, while wisdom and reason without the presence of facts and science are worth far more than people without wisdom and reason are capable to expect.
Human Angels, 365 Wisdom Pills|A word is worth one coin, silence is worth two
Human Angels|Ego is based on judgment. Stop judging and you will be free from the ego: in the Oneness there is no judgment, only Unconditional Love.
Elsie Lincoln Benedict|A distaste for the new is not always fear of the unknown, but sometimes ambition. Some people don't like the new way simply because they never got a chance to master the old way.
Donald Trump|The great thing about irony is that it splits things apart, gets up above them so we can see the flaws and hypocrisies and duplicates.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Don’t ever let desperation take the seat of inspiration in you! Always live inspired no matter what! For though something might be wrong somewhere, something is always right somewhere! If you have life, be alive and smile!
William Dalrymple, White Mughals: Love and Betrayal in Eighteenth-Century India|When we choose a mobile network, do we check whether Airtel or Vodafone belong to a particular caste? No, we simply choose the provider based on the best value or service. Then why do we vote for somebody simply because he belongs to the same caste as us?
Angela Khristin Brown, Love|An experience which seeks not to change you, is one not worth having.
David Eso, Where the Nights Are Twice as Long: Love Letters of Canadian Poets|Hooking up with people who do not care about your happiness or you; is a serious and big decision. If you do decide to hook up, you must have a good reason for it just as you would to have a relationship.
Mark Helprin|Reason excludes faith," Alessandro responded, watching the blood-red mite as it made a dash for the rim. "It's deliberately limited. It won't function with the materials of religion. You can come close to proving the existence of God by reason, but you can't do it absolutely. That's because you can't do anything absolutely by reason. That's because reason depends on postulates. Postulates defy proof and yet they are essential to reason. God is a postulate. I don't think God is interested in the verification of His existence, and, therefore, neither am I. Anyway, I have professional reasons to believe. Nature and art pivot faithfully around God. Even dogs know that.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever| When a “runner” runs, they run. But in time the “runner” finds themselves in a no-brain situation. They are faced with the choice of living in pain from the separation from the twin soul, or returning and facing that deep love, working through their fears (often unfounded) of possible rejection and reaching their own personal Eden. 
Jackie Kessler, Hell's Belles|Sweetie, this is Hell. We invented paperwork.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|Now you know that the fascinating phenomenon of love has nothing to do with the supernatural entity known as Cupid, but everything to do with neurochemistry. Likewise, divinity is a cerebral creation, not a supernatural one. And it has been long since thinking humanity has learnt that love is a majestic creation of the brain, yet that knowledge hasn’t made love be deemed any less glorious. Then why should it threaten the religious believer to learn that divinity as well is a natural creation of the brain!
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, Aristotle and Dante Discover the Secrets of the Universe|One summer night I fell asleep hoping the world would be different when I woke. In the morning, when I opened my eyes, the world was the same.
Stephen Richards, NAPS: Discover The Power Of Night Audio Programs|If you are overweight then what is the basis of this self-limiting belief, and so on and so on. All of these things come about because people still have limiting-beliefs inside their subconscious minds.
Zinzi Clemmons, What We Lose|When I was a child, my mother would try to convince me of a woman's need for a secret stash. "It can be anything: land, property, even a couple hundred dollars. You know, in case anything goes wrong and you have to get the hell out of there." Her mother had told her this, as her mother before had told her.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The book of Revelation may be difficult and demanding to read, yet it is the only biblical book whose author promises a blessing to those who read it.
Ron Currie Jr., Everything Matters!|instead of venting my anger, which is really just hurt dressed up for a night on the town, I ask if anyone needs a drink.
Peter Abbs, Against the Flow: The Arts, Postmodern Culture and Education|Paradoxically, our imperial global Anglo-American language is dull with the glitter of its own decay. In response, the new meta- physical poet might consider the following cleansing strategies: keep faith with the canonical writers of the past, study Homeric Greek, excavate etymologies, embrace threatened languages, practice the fine art of translation, listen regularly to the musical flow of the breath and the beat of the heart, switch off the television, become a votary of silence.Here lies the beginning of freedom.
Carl Sagan|The way to find out about our place in the universe is by examining the universe and by examining ourselves - without preconceptions, with as unbiased a mind as we can muster.
Jeremy Hunt|When you realize the value of all life, you dwell on what is past and concentrate more on the preservation of the future.
Jennifer Lynn Barnes, Bad Blood|Home isn't a place. It's not having a bed to come home to, or a yard, or a Christmas tree at the holidays. Home is the people who love you.
Ben Tolosa, Masterplan Your Success|When you work on what you love, you have the best job in the world.
Melissa Heisler, From Type A to Type Me: How to Stop "Doing" Life and Start Living It|Life is about choosing, experiencing, learning, and choosing again.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Beautiful is he who recognizes what is truly beautiful,Even if the surface is ugly.Truthful is he who says what is true,Even if the truth is ugly.Ugly is he who measures beauty by its exterior,Without first weighing the interior.And ugly is the man who judges harshly what he sees looking out,Without first judging what he sees in the mirror.Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun (2010)
Charlotte Stein, Sheltered|And there was something both frustrating and maddeningly arousing about that. His restraint made something burn low and deep in her belly, and then his mouth, oh God his mouth. He tasted like cinnamon, again, and every now and then he’d pull away, just a little — just enough to make her want to drag him back. Before giving her a teasing lick with that perfect, curling tongue of his. It set all the nerve endings in her upper lip on fire.
Bernice L. McFadden, Glorious|In 1922 everything changed again. The Eskimo pie was invented; James Joyce's Ulysses was printed in Paris; snow fell on Mauna Loa, Hawaii; Babe Ruth signed a three-year contract with the New York Yankees; Eugene O'Neill was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Drama; Frederick Douglass's home was dedicated as a national shrine; former heavyweight champion of the world Jack Johnson invented the wrench...
Fabian W. Williges, Lucias Aufbrüche|Was ist schon das Licht der kleinen Schreibtischlampe gegen das Licht der Sonne? Die Sonne bescheint die ganze Welt. Und Lucias Schreibtischlampe schafft es nicht mal, ein Zimmer zu erhellen. Immer wieder gibt es dunkle Ecken, die der Mensch allein nicht durchschauen kann.
Tavi Gevinson|There's all this stuff that is happening in Edinburgh now, it's a sad attempt to create an Edinburgh society, similar to a London society, a highbrow literature celebrity society.
Andrea Bocelli|Happiness isn't getting what you want, it's wanting what you got.
Mohit Manke|Doing better is creativity,doing faster is creativity,doing smarter is creativity,doing right is creativity.doing Exclusive is creating identity.
Haroutioun Bochnakian, The Human Consensus and The Ultimate Project Of Humanity|The fury of those nativists advocating wholesale slaughter was what struck Nadia most, and it struck her because it seemed so familiar, so much like the fury of the militants in her own city. She wondered whether she and Saeed had done anything by moving, whether the faces and buildings had changed but the basic reality of their predicament had not.
Mikhail Lermontov, A Hero of Our Time|Yes, life is hard,” whispers Erika, “but knowing about other people, other civilisations, other ways of living, other places – that’s your escape route, a magical journey. Once you know about these things, no matter what happens, your mind can create stories to take you anywhere you want to go.
Richard Mourdock|I have great respect for Catholic traditions; my family is Catholic, and it's part of my life.
Jenny Slate|Metal isn't necessarily aggressive. There's metal that's contemplative, there's metal that's sad, and there's metal that's exuberant. No genre is limited in what it can express.
Myrtle Reed, Old Rose and Silver|The heart's seasons seldom coincide with the calendar. Who among us has not been made desolate beyond all words upon some golden day when the little creatures of the air and meadow were life incarnate, from sheer joy of living? Who among us has not come home, singing, when the streets were almost impassable with snow, or met a friend with a happy, smiling face, in the midst of a pouring rain?
Audre Lorde|I said nothing for a time, just ran my fingertips along the edge of the human-shaped emptiness that had been left inside me.
Jaeda DeWalt|The dark hills, with the darker spruces marching over them, looked grim on early falling nights, but Ingleside bloomed with firelight and laughter, though the winds come in from the Atlantic singing of mournful things. "Why isn't the wind happy, Mummy?" asked Walter one night. "Because it is remembering all the sorrow of the world since it began," answered Anne.
Dosung Yoo, Thunderous Silence: A Formula for Ending Suffering: A Practical Guide to the Heart Sutra|As long as we practice with a vow to help others, we are the Bodhisattva of Great Compassion, and we become the leading figure in the Heart Sutra, whether we are a layperson or are ordained, whether celibate or married, living in the monastery or living in secular society.
Nicholas Sparks, The Lucky One|It was their secret, a secret meant for just the two of them, and she'd never been able to imagine how it would sound coming from someone else. But, somehow, Logan made it sound just right.
Anne Carson, Autobiography of Red|I was afraid and knew I had every right to be, but he had awakened a part of me that no longer cared.
Stephen Harrod Buhner|The most frustrating thing about our doctrine in the modern church is that the unbelievers who have never been to church, the agnostics, those who are out rightly atheist, don’t have to fight with whether they are supposed to dominate the earth or not, they just go ahead and do it
Nils Forsander, Life Pictures from Swedish Church History|In the cross of Christ God is taking man dead-seriously so that he may open up for him the happy freedom of Easter. God takes upon himself the pain of negation and the God forsakenness of judgement to reconcile himself with his enemies and to give the godless fellowship with himself.~ Theology of Play, p.33
Ashish Patel|Rather than crying & craving for those who left our path during dark moments of our life, lets spend some time to thank them who stood and helped us to pass those dark paths.
Andrew Carnegie|My objection to Liberalism is this that it is the introduction into the practical business of life of the highest kind namely, politics of philosophical ideas instead of political principles.
Elizabeth Gilbert|We need courage to take ourselves seriously, to look closely and without flinching, to regard the things that frighten us in life and art with wonder.
Daniel Friday Danzor|DID YOU KNOW that the UNBELIEVING, the FEARFUL and LIARS are no better than the MURDERERS, the SORCERERS and the IDOLATERS? In fact, they will all go to hell. The Bible says, "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death." (Revelation 21:8). The Bible did not say those wearing jewelry and trouser will go to hell. Don't allow the religious and legalistic people to divert your heart from the real issues. Stop playing with sin. No sin is greater than another. All lead to hell fire.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Start planning from your internal or spiritual view of things. The external view always has a way of distorting, discouraging and limiting your dream.
Brian Doyle|You cannot edit your life, and even if I was today offered the chance to never meet her, and so not leave the city I loved, I would decline, for life is a verb, life swerves and lurches no matter how cautious and careful your driving, and I would not be who I am, surrounded by those I love most in this world, had I not left Chicago when I did.
J. Budziszewski, What We Can't Not Know: A Guide|When, despite considerable intelligence, a thinker cannot think straight, it becomes very likely that he cannot face his thoughts.
Julian Assange|It was as impersonal as the Internet itself, the object responsible for connecting you to long lost people in your life, and many new ones, none of whom you will ever see.
Carl Lotus Becker, The Heavenly City of the Eighteenth Century Philosophers|Serious thinkers are few, and the world is ruled by crude ideas.
Nathaniel Branden, How to Raise Your Self-Esteem: The Proven Action-Oriented Approach to Greater Self-Respect and Self-Confidence|Our liabilities pose the problem of inadequacy; our our assets, the challenge of responsibility. Our strengths or virtues can make us feel alone, alienated, cut off from the common herd, a target for envy and hostility, and our desire to belong can overcome any desire to actualise our highest potential.
Mary Astell|If someone is going down the wrong road, he doesn't need motivation to speed him up. What he needs is education to turn him around.
Brenna Yovanoff, Fiendish|There was so much about our past that I still didn't understand, and I wasn't one to tell the future. I could only tell the way the world worked. History was a tangled thing, people were resilient, and the one constant law of the world was that it would heal.
Langston Hughes|I definitely consider myself a Christian. There's things that I believe in, there's things I have a self-belief on. I know I got a great relationship with God and the universe. I just believe in being a righteous person and karma. Doing unto others as you would have done unto you. I really want to help teach that.
Edward Abbey|Anarchism is founded on the observation that since few men are wise enough to rule themselves, even fewer are wise enough to rule others.
Christopher Moore, Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal|It’s sarcasm, Josh.”“Sarcasm?”“It’s from the Greek, sarkasmos. To bite the lips. It means that you aren’t really saying what you mean, but people will get your point. I invented it, Bartholomew named it.”“Well, if the village idiot named it, I’m sure it’s a good thing.”“There you go, you got it.”“Got what?”“Sarcasm.”“No, I meant it.”“Sure you did.”“Is that sarcasm?”“Irony, I think.”“What’s the difference?”“I haven’t the slightest idea.”“So you’re being ironic now, right?”“No, I really don’t know.”“Maybe you should ask the idiot.”“Now you’ve got it.”“What?”“Sarcasm.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|Willow, there is a lot of prejudice around magickal families. I think your terms are snobby and over privileged brats. Whether it be light dark or anything between, they will have it measured in percentages like DNA. For Wiccan culture, it’s about purity above all. One with nature, the goddess, and the spirit. It’s not that different with other magickal beings. - Aiden Warrington
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|The staying awake was a great self-sacrificaing gesture of friendship, and wonderfully in keeping with our current mood of intense friendship and religious fervour. We were all in a state of shock. We engaged in a long Dostojevskyan conversations and drank one black coffee after another. It was sort of night typical of youth, the sort you only can look back on with shame and embarassment once you've grown up. But God knows, I must have grown up already by then, because I don't feel the slightest embarassment when I think back to it, just a terrible nostalgia.
Zakes Mda, Ways of Dying|Yes, we will marry you!” she exclaimed.
Rick Riordan, The Lost Hero|O, to be sure, we laugh less and play less and wear uncomfortable disguises like adults, but beneath the costume is the child we always are, whose needs are simple, whose daily life is still best described by fairy tales.
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|If we never experienced the the valuable lessons from failure, then we would never truly appreciate the pure joy of our success.
Ellen DeGeneres|I ask people why they have deer heads on their walls. They always say because it's such a beautiful animal. There you go. I think my mother is attractive, but I have photographs of her.
Sunday Adelaja|Specific knowledge is needed in every work, if we want to have success
Walter Scott|Love rules the court, the camp, the grove, and men below, and the saints above, for love is heaven, and heaven is love. 
Richard Dawkins|Liberty, according to my metaphysics is a self-determining power in an intellectual agent. It implies thought and choice and power.
Beverly Bartlett|Those of us who believe in princesses are often laughed at. But I believe the world needs princesses and dukes and queens and kings. We need people who glitter and shine and make a room silent with their entrance. We need them the same way we need ice cream and soccer and music and stories. Oh, how we need stories.
Nancy Reagan|In my country of South Africa, we struggled for years against the evil system of apartheid that divided human beings, children of the same God, by racial classification and then denied many of them fundamental human rights.
Tang Fei, Clarkesworld Magazine, Issue 100|I listened to make sure I was meeting the minimum requirement to stay out of jail, so to speak.
Girdhar Joshi, Some Mistakes Have No Pardon|... Of his sins [Heavenly Father] does not want [man] to think [on them] too much: once they are repented, the sooner the man turns his attention outward, the better [Heavenly Father] is pleased.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The love of Christ is always there and unchanging, no matter what we do, but it is when we are obedient that we actually begin to feel it.
Nora Roberts, Heaven and Earth|So from then on, he looked at all his choices and said, What would a good person do, and then did it. But he has now learned something very important about human nature. If you spend your whole life pretending to be good, then you are indistinguishable from a good person. Relentless hypocrisy eventually becomes the truth.
Lish McBride, Necromancing the Stone|So what were your favorite subjects in school?""School?" He leaned back in his chair as though he needed the extra space to think about it. "Probably math. It always made sense. Unlike English, economics, and girls.""And exactly how do you plan on taking over the free world if you don't understand economics?""I'll hire advisers. I'll hire you, in fact.""Okay. Let me know when your army of junior high zombies is ready.
Jennifer Donnelly, These Shallow Graves|...she was betting on the fact that people were basically good, despite all the Evil in the world.
Ida Løkås|Great minds think alike, but lovers think as one.
Isaac Asimov, Foundation and Empire|Were I to use the wits the Spirits gave me, then I would say this lady cannot exist - for what sane man would hold a dream to be reality. Yet rather would I not be sane and lend belief to charmed, enchanted eyes.
Heather Dowell|Book marketing is like opening doors for your readers to find you, not a stick you hit them with.
Priya Sachdev|All conventional wisdom has an element of truth to it, but good design requires more than an element of truth - it requires an ensemble of correct assumptions and valid calculations.
Val Uchendu|If you’re to choose to paint your life today... What will it be? Remember, you’re the artist, not the canvas.
Dave Grohl|When people say they prefer organic food, what they often seem to mean is they don't want their food tainted with pesticides and their meat shot full of hormones or antibiotics. Many object to the way a few companies - Monsanto is the most famous of them - control so many of the seeds we grow.
Shannon L. Alder|My father taught me that you can you read a hundred books on wisdom and write a hundred books on wisdom, but unless you apply what you learned then its only words on a page. Life is not lived with intentions, but action.
Paulo Coelho, Eleven Minutes|but something always went wrong, and the relationship would end precisely at the moment when she was sure that this was the person with whom she wanted to spend the rest of her life. After a long time, she came to the conclusion that men brought only pain, frustration, suffering and a sense of time dragging.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Lord Henry smiled. "He gives you good advice, I suppose. People are very fond of giving away what they need most themselves.
Knisztina|Success is the accomplishment of any number of possible aims, dreams, aspirations or goals. It’s very personal and unique to you. Your greatest desire could be someone else’s idea of hell; you might want to be an award-winning chef while your best friend hates cooking.
Pearl  Zhu, It Innovation: Reinvent It for the Digital Age|A transformation often needs to break down the outdated rules, and a transaction is following the rules.
Michael J. Sullivan, Age of Myth|That’s what a good wife does, keeps your dreams alive even when you don’t believe anymore
Thomm Quackenbush, Pagan Standard Times: Essays on the Craft|Nothing in my beliefs tells me to let my relationship with the divine interfere with romantic love, the friction of sects never getting in the way of the friction of sex.
Alexandra Bracken, Sparks Rise|I may be fucked up, I may be a mess, but you are my salvation.
Tracy Morgan|My style is bad white-boy dancing. I can do swing a little bit, but nothing beyond that. My solo dancing is sad. I use my arms, badly.
john ignatius|Thinking outside the box only works if you know everything inside it. Don’t compare your chapter 1 to someone else’s chapter 20. That’s the biggest mistake young entrepreneurs do and end up getting disappointed. The ones you call conventional are the business models, which have been optimized and modified at various stages over a long period of time. You need to work hard and be a bit more patient.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|In short, this or that behavior wasn't good because scripture said so. Scripture mandated this or that behavior because it was good, and if it was already good before scripture said so, then it was good for some reason inherent to itself, some reason that reason could discover.
Mia Kirshner|As I've said many times, the single most oppressed class in America right now is the teenager.
Peggy Perry|Dad fastens his knife jacket before putting his black pea coat on. He’s like a walking armoury. He has two guns on either side of his chest secured in his black shoulder holsters, an array of magazines on his belt and of course the knives. I don’t need to check to know he has two more guns strapped to both his legs. With his dark coat on, dark jeans and boots, and his weapons hidden away, he looks imposing but harmless. Unsuspecting people would never think of him otherwise.He cocks his head. “Too much?” he asks.
Rachael Leigh|A dog can’t think that much about what he’s doing, he just does what feels right.
Paul Beatty, The Sellout|As no designation of good and evil can be absolute, neither can it be fixed; no law which is just now will be forever just, and no political institution designed to secure the good can remain the best means to that good.
Edie Littlefield Sundby, The Mission Walker: I was given three months to live...|I walk to rid myself of the terror of cancer, and to overcome the fear of it coming back. The fear may never completely fade, but actively engaging life – whatever that may involve – reminds me of the joy each day can bring.
Eric Clapton|At first the music almost repelled me, it was so intense, and this man made no attempt to sugarcoat what he was trying to say, or play. It was hard-core, more than anything I had ever heard. After a few listenings I realized that, on some level, I had found the master, and that following this man's example would be my life's work.
Ilya Ehrenburg, People, Years and Life|All around us are complex people trying to live simple lives,” she said. “Wanting simple things with tangled hearts.
Khali Raymond|For the sun to shine, you gotta have some rain. You need the damn rain.
Shweta Ganesh Kumar, Between The Headlines|The walls, where there was room, were well decorated with calendars and posters showing bright, improbable girls with pumped-up breasts and no hips - blondes, brunettes and redheads, but always with this bust development, so that a visitor of another species might judge from the preoccupation of artist and audience that the seat of procreation lay in the mammaries. Alice Chicoy...who worked among the shining girls, was wide-hipped and sag-chested and she walked well back on her heels...She was not in the least jealous of the calendar girls and the Coca-Cola girls. She had never seen anyone like them, and she didn't think anyone ever had.
Jayden Pearce|Mamoon went on, “The news I bring is to say that, man being the only animal who hates himself, the likely fate of the world is total self-destruction.” He raised his glass. “All the best then, my friends. Here’s to a happy apocalypse.”“Happy apocalypse,” murmured the other guests, obediently.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|As long as we dare dream, we can occupy new land.
Charlaine Harris, Dead and Gone|There’s a good kind of crazy, Kaylee,” he insisted softly, reaching out to wrap his warm hand around mine. “It’s the kind that makes you thinkabout things that make your head hurt, because not thinking about them is the coward’s way out. The kind that makes you touch people who bruise yoursoul, just because they need to be touched. This is the kind of crazy that lets you stare out into the darkness and rage at eternity, while it stares back atyou, ready to swallow you whole.
Carlos Wallace, Life Is Not Complicated-You Are: Turning Your Biggest Disappointments Into Your Greatest Blessings|No one makes it to the "top" by themselves. Each step you take is guided by at least one person's blood, sweat and tears. Appreciate those who stand behind you as you rise. They are the only ones who will catch you if you fall. The ladder of success is steadiest when someone's there to support it.
Stephen King, Bag of Bones|I see things, that's all. Write enough stories and every shadow on the floor looks like a footprint; every line in the dirt like a secret message.
John Steinbeck|It was the quartets of Beethoven (numbers 12,13,14, and 15) which over fifty years, created and expanded the the audience of listeners to the quartets of Beethoven, thus achieving, as all masterpieces do, progress if not in the quality of artists, at least in the company of minds, which is largely composed these days of what was missing when the work appeared: people capable of liking it.
Boris Johnson|It contributes greatly towards a man's moral and intellectual health, to be brought into habits of companionship with individuals unlike himself, who care little for his pursuits, and whose sphere and abilities he must go out of himself to appreciate.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In deep suffering, you know the sacred soul.
Gary Snyder|Today is half of Yesterday and Tomorrow, Choose Today to make Tomorrow
Anuradha Bhattacharyya, The Road Taken|If you are a writer May words twirl around your place If you are a dreamer, May visions placate your days with solaceIf you are a lover May fragrant freedom grace your daysIf you are a visionaryMay the hues of rainbow seep into your ways
Toni Blake, Tempt Me Tonight|Stay here with me, Trishy. Don’t go back to your old life. Make a new one, here. With me. I know it’s a hell of a big thing I’m asking—but I’m asking. Stay.- Joe
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|Dusk At The CountrysideThe fire-glow greetsthe ingress of nightfalland thenceforth, over the sublime specter, argent stars convene.
John Stuart Mill|Such is the facility with which mankind believe at one and the same time things inconsistent with one another, and so few are those who draw from what they receive as truths, any consequences but those recommended to them by their feelings, that multitudes have held the undoubting belief in an Omnipotent Author of Hell, and have nevertheless identified that being with the one best conception they were able to form of perfect goodness.
Aidan Gillen|I think it's important to keep things positive. Sometimes you don't win, and that sucks, and you work on improving.
Gaston Bachelard, The Poetics of Space|Sometimes the house of the future is better built, lighter and larger than all the houses of the past, so that the image of the dream house is opposed to that of the childhood home. Late in life, with indomitable courage, we continue to say that we are going to do what we have not yet done: we are going to build a house. This dream house may be merely a dream of ownership, the embodiment of everything that is considered convenient, comfortable, healthy, sound, desirable, by other people. It must therefore satisfy both pride and reason, two irreconcilable terms.
Tom Ford|I love to design. I am a commercial fashion designer. I always design jackets with two sleeves. I don't design jackets with three sleeves, or the layers and layers come off like little dolls from Russia. Fashion for me is a creative endeavor, but it is not art for me.
James Morgan Pryse, The Apocalypse Unsealed|Abandon all nations, the planet drifts to random insect doom.
Josh Lanyon, Sort of Stranger Than Fiction|I liked you the first time I saw you. You were sitting on the floor surrounded by books, and you looked up when I opened the door and smiled right at me. It felt like you had been waiting for me, like you were welcoming me home.
Ashley Pullo, The Bridge|When it's summer, people sit a lot. Or lie. Lie in the sense of recumbency. A good heavy book holds you down. It's an anchor that keeps you from getting up and having another gin and tonic. Many a person has been saved from summer alcoholism, not to mention hypertoxicity, by Dostoyevsky. Put The Idiot in your lap or over your face, and you know where you are going to be for the afternoon.
Ryan Buell, Paranormal State: My Journey into the Unknown|Scared?" "You haven't lived until you go grave robbing.
Sabrina Jeffries, Wed Him Before You Bed Him|Advising Mrs. Harris was the least I could do," David said smoothly. "After all, she was the one who brought me and my late wife together."That was stretching it a bit, since all Charlotte had done was give Sarah lessons in how to avoid fortune hunters, thus ensuring that the recalcitrant girl went right out and married the first one who approached her.
Jaeda DeWalt|Depend only upon yourself, but work in harmony with all things.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|Art, like morality, consists of drawing the line somewhere.
Minae Mizumura, The Fall of Language in the Age of English|The first prerequisite for fine literature is that the writer must see the language not as a transparent medium for self-expression or the representation of reality, but as a medium one must struggle with to make it do one's bidding.
H.G. Wells, The Invisible Man|Since the so-called Age of Enlightenment, our shaky anthropocentric, rationalist egos have been brainwashed to forget what 'primitive' cultures once understood: Animals can be manifestations of celestial beings in disguise; they possess supernatural abilities, and they can be our spiritual guides and healers.
Stephen Dau, The Book of Jonas|But if the cause be not good, the king himself hath a heavy reckoning to make, when all those legs and arms and heads, chopped off in battle, shall join together at the latter day and cry all 'We died at such a place;' some swearing, some crying for a surgeon, some upon their wives left poor behind them, some upon the debts they owe, some upon their children rawly left. I am afeard there are few die well that die in a battle; for how can they charitably dispose of anything, when blood is their argument? Now, if these men do not die well, it will be a black matter for the king that led them to it; whom to disobey were against all proportion of subjection.[Henry V, Act IV Scene I]
Alice Hoffman, Practical Magic|Some things, when they change, never do return to the way they once were. Butterflies for instance, and women who've been in love with the wrong man too often.
Karina Halle, Dirty Angels|The time approachesThat will with due decision make us knowWhat we shall say we have and what we owe.Thoughts speculative their unsure hopes relate,But certain issue strokes must arbitrate;Towards which, advance th
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Oh, you mysterious girls, when you are fifty-two we shall find you out; you must come into the open then. If the mouth has fallen sourly yours the blame: all the meanness your youth concealed have been gathering in your face. But the pretty thoughts and sweet ways and dear, forgotten kindnesses linger there also, to bloom in your twilight like evening primroses.
Nick Flynn, Another Bullshit Night in Suck City|Even a life raft is only supposed to get you from the sinking ship back to land, you were never intended to live in the life raft, to drift years on end, in sight of land but never close enough.
Ilona Andrews, Fate's Edge|That's all right," she told him. "I can manage. I can sleep outside just fine."Four pairs of eyes looked at her with a distinctly male skepticism.
Roger Kimball, The Rape of the Masters: How Political Correctness Sabotages Art|It is often said that great works of art are “inexhaustible”—capable, as Stanley Olson put it, of “endless interpretation. But Lubin, the Charlotte C. Weber Professor of Art at Wake Forest University, demonstrates in painful if inadvertently hilarious detail that this does not mean that works of art are immune from - that they are not in fact often subject to—wild and perverse misinterpretation.
Nora Roberts|Love and magic have a great deal in common. they enrich the soul, delight the heart. And they both take practice.
Ai Weiwei|In a person who is open to experience each stimulus is freely relayed through the nervous system, without being distorted by any process of defensiveness.
Tijan, Fallen Crest Public|Seriously, how many times can a person break before the only things left are shattered fragments too small to piece back together?
Amanda Mosher, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|If I could bottle kindness, I wonder if formaldehyde would preserve it.
Stephen Richards|You are human, so stop acting as if though you are a sheep and start thinking for yourself.
Anthony Doerr, All the Light We Cannot See|Trust your luck, Taran Wanderer. But don't forget to put out your nets!
Michael Bassey Johnson|Don't be a zombie for anyone, if your oppressor likes zombies, cinemas are not located in mars.
Rose Leslie|I mean, my dad's a television producer, and I knew I could get a job as an assistant or a reader with one of his friends, but it wasn't exactly what I wanted to do.
Barbara Ehrenreich|In matters of the heart as well, a certain level of negativity and suspicion is universally recommended. You may try to project a thoroughly positive outlook in order to attract a potential boyfriend, but you are also advised to Google him.
David Liss, The Whiskey Rebels|Yes, I know this narrative is crowded with beautiful women - Mrs. Pearson, Mrs. Maycott, Mrs. Lavien, Mrs. Bingham. We might form a cricket team of beautiful women. I cannot help it if they are the ones who excite my notice and so trouble myself to describe.
Robert Lynn Asprin, Myth Conceptions|Diplomacy is the delicate weapon of the civilized warrior."- Hun, A. T.
James Caskey, Charleston's Ghosts: Hauntings in the Holy City|Twas now the very witching time of night,When churchyards groan, and graves give up their dead,And many a mischievous, enfranchised spriteHad long since burst his bonds of stone or lead,And hurried off, with schoolboy-like delight,To play his pranks near some poor wretch's bed,Sleeping, perhaps serenely as a porpoise,Nor dreaming of this fiendish Habeas Corpus.
P. J. O'Rourke|I come from Toledo, Ohio, a town that has been hurt badly by the shift of the automobile business towards Japan. And yet I remember how the car workers lived in the neighborhood that I grew up in. My father was a car salesman, and I remember how we lived. I remember how modestly we lived.
Mary MacLane, I Await the Devil's Coming|I shall have to miss forever some beautiful, wonderful things because of that wretched, lonely childhood. There will always be a lacking, a wanting -- some dead branches that never grew leaves. It is not deaths and murders and plots and wars that make life tragedy. It is day after day, and year after year, and Nothing. It is a sunburned little hand reached out and Nothing put into it.
Christopher Hitchens, Christopher Hitchens and His Critics: Terror, Iraq, and the Left|Bluebell had been saying that he knew the men hated us for raiding their crops and gardens, and Toadflax answered, 'That wasn't why they destroyed the warren. It was just because we were in their way. They killed us to suit themselves.
Lora Leigh, Megan's Mark|Once everyone thought you were crazy, they ignored you even when you told the truth.
Terry Pratchett, Small Gods|I don't know what it is about "magic happens"-stickers on cars but every time I see one I wanna get out my permanent marker and sneak over and write underneath it "so does cot death".
Maggie Stiefvater, The Scorpio Races|Loyalty, while it can be admirable is also conditional. Dependent on forces inside and out, on perceptions, on likes and dislikes. It can be misguided and flawed, even dumb depending on circumstance.Integrity, however, has no conditions. It cannot be earned. It is not based on circumstance, but on inherent strength, belief and purpose. To be called loyal isn't necessarily a compliment. Hitler's henchman were loyal. To be recognized for integrity is a true honor.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|For years, I had fought against my heart, because I was afraid of sadness, suffering, and abandonment. But now I knew that true love was above all that and that it would be better to die than to fail to love.I had thought that only others had the courage to love. But now I discovered that I too was capable of loving. Even if loving meant leaving, or solitude, or sorrow, love was worth every penny of its price.
Derek Thompson, Hit Makers: The Science of Popularity in an Age of Distraction|It is not merely the feeling that something is familiar. It is one step beyond that. It is something new, challenging, or surprising that opens a door into a feeling of comfort, meaning, or familiarity. It is called an aesthetic aha.
Robert Ferrigno, Heart of the Assassin|Hell is nothing but a place we wish God has created for our enemies, we ourselves think that he will ultimately show some kind of clemency towards us
Jamie Scallion, Losing It|My head’s swimming. Sorry, sis. I’m a useless brother. You’re best off shot of me. - Burt
Josh Stern, And That's Why I'm Single: What Good Is Having A Lucky Horseshoe Up Your Butt When The Horse Is Still Attached?|Sopping, and with no sign of stopping, either- then a breather. Warm again, storm again- what is the norm, again? It's fine, it's not, it's suddenly hot: Boom, crash, lightning flash!
Noam Shpancer, The Good Psychologist|I've always thought of wholeness and integration as necessary myths. We're fragmented beings who cement ourselves together, but there are always cracks. Living with the cracks is part of being, well, reasonably healthy
Antonia Perdu|Never say: "Who cares?!" Because there's always someone that cares. You.
Nick Hornby|He's a sweet man whose crime was that he didn't love me quite enough, and because this wasn't much of a crime I had to make up some bigger ones.
Paige Tyler, Her Rogue Alpha|Layla smiled through her tears, "If I'd known that all it would take to get us talking is a romantic getaway to a bombed-out part of Eastern Europe, I would have gotten Kendra to set it up a long time ago."	"Romantic, huh?" He smiled. "I like romantic.
Euripides, The Phoenician Women|This is slavery, not to speak one's thought.
Kalle Lasn, Culture Jam: How To Reverse America's Suicidal Consumer Binge - And Why We Must|A great deal of democratic enthusiasm descends from the ideas of people like Rousseau, who believed in democracy because they thought mankind so wise and good that everyone deserved a share in the government. The danger of defending democracy on those grounds is that they’re not true. . . I find that they’re not true without looking further than myself. I don’t deserve a share in governing a hen-roost, much less a nation. The real reason for democracy is: Mankind is so fallen that no man can be trusted with unchecked power over his fellows. Aristotle said that some people were only fit to be slaves. I do not contradict him. But I reject slavery because I see no men fit to be masters.
Pope Francis, Amoris Laetitia: Apostolic Exhortation on the Family|A child deserves to be born of that love, and not by any other means, for “he or she is not something owed to one, but is a gift”, which is “the fruit of the specific act of the conjugal love of the parents”. This is the case because, “according to the order of creation, conjugal love between a man and a woman, and the transmission of life are ordered to each other (cf. Gen 1:27-28). Thus the Creator made man and woman share in the work of his creation and, at the same time, made them instruments of his love, entrusting to them the responsibility for the future of mankind, through the transmission of human life”.
Christopher Paul Curtis, Bud, Not Buddy|As soon as I got into the library I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. I got a whiff of the leather on all the old books, a smell that got real strong if you picked one of them up and stuck your nose real close to it when you turned the pages. Then there was the the smell of the cloth that covered the brand-new books, books that made a splitting sound when you opened them. Then I could sniff the the paper, that soft, powdery, drowsy smell that comes off the page in little puffs when you're reading something or looking at some pictures, kind of hypnotizing smell.I think it's the smell that makes so many folks fall asleep in the library. You'll see someone turn a page and you can imagine a puff of page powder coming up real slow and easy until it starts piling on a person's eyelashes, weighing their eyes down so much they stay down a little longer after each blink and finally making them so heavy that they just don't come back up at all. Then their mouths open and their heads start bouncing up and down like they're bobbing in a big tub of of water for apples and before you know it... they're out cold and their face thunks smack-dab on the book.That's the part that makes librarians the maddest. They get real upset if folks start drooling in the books
Alan Moore, Promethea, Vol. 2|And it's only symbolism puts magic and meaning into anything. You of all people should know that. We can make love amongst the gods, or we can screw on a dirty mattress. It's our choice.
Patrice Michelle, Insurrection|Caro: "Bite me."Ruby: "I gave that up in kindergarten.
Esther Perel, Mating in Captivity: Reconciling the Erotic and the Domestic|Love is a vessel that contains both security and adventure, and commitment offers one of the great luxuries of life: time. Marriage is not the end of romance, it is the beginning.
Gregor Mendel|Fitness is important, but the most important thing is how you adapt and the way you feel physically. To adapt to a new position. To try to change your game.
Joe Abercrombie, Best Served Cold|Are you entirely sure of that knot?' asked Morveer. 'There is no place in the plan for a lengthy drop'.'Twenty-eight strides', said Friendly.'What?''The drop'.A brief pause, 'That is not helpful'.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|If you add your hot passion to the cold attitude of another person, it becomes lukewarm. Don’t stand on the toes of dwarfs; stand on the shoulders of giants!
Lester B. Pearson|But while we all pray for peace, we do not always, as free citizens, support the policies that make for peace or reject those which do not. We want our own kind of peace, brought about in our own way.
Shiv Nadar|Education must, be not only a transmission of culture but also a provider of alternative views of the world and a strengthener of the will to explore them.
Alin Sav|The Gospel is the walking life, not the walking dead.
Chris     Murray, Selling with EASE: The Four Step Sales Cycle Found in Every Successful Business Transaction|The salesperson you’d ideally like to be and the salesperson you’d like to encounter as a customer should roughly be the same, shouldn’t they?
Lynn Coady|There is an interaction and action, reaction between two people. One should show honesty in a relationship. Be honest to your partner and tell him everything. How long can you do things with dishonesty and that's wrong. Don't get into a relationship if you can't be honest.
Malcolm Mclaren|Nothing. We're all friends and friendly. So when the cameras go down, depending on the mood or the nature of the material we're dealing with, there's usually a kind of a prevailing light attitude that's floating around.
Alain de Botton, The News: A User's Manual|Rather than heralding a new era of easy living, the Agricultural Revolution left farmers with lives generally more difficult and less satisfying than those of foragers. Hunter-gatherers spent their time in more stimulating and varied ways, and were less in danger of starvation and disease. The Agricultural Revolution certainly enlarged the sum total of food at the disposal of humankind, but the extra food did not translate into a better diet or more leisure. Rather, it translated into population explosions and pampered elites. The average farmer worked harder than the average forager, and got a worse diet in return. The Agricultural Revolution was history’s biggest fraud.
Marguerite Duras|You have to be very fond of men. Very, very fond. You have to be very fond of them to love them. Otherwise they're simply unbearable.
Van Harden, Life in the Purple Wedge!|Christians want to whine to everyone under the sun about their problems, instead of actually going to the only one who not only cares, but can actually do something about their problems. Next time you are sick, broken hearted or having problems, before you call your friends, post it on Facebook, or tell your pet fish, try going to God with it, and see how much better that works for you.
Lemony Snicket, The Austere Academy|Occasionally, events in one's life become clearer through the prism of experience, a phrase which simply means that things tend to be clearer as time goes on. For instance, when a person is just born, they usually have no idea what curtains are and spend a great deal of their first months wondering why on earth Mommy and Daddy have hung large pieces of cloth over each window in the nursery. But as the person grows older, the idea of curtains becomes clearer through the prism of experience. The person will learn the word "curtains" and notice that they are actually quite handy for keeping a room dark when it is time to sleep, and for decorating an otherwise boring window area. Eventually, they will entirely accept the idea of curtains of their own, or venetian blinds, and it is all due to the prism of experience.
Blaize Clement, Curiosity Killed the Cat Sitter|Left alone, human beings are a plague. They multiply relentlessly, consuming every resource, destroying everything they touch.
Sunday Adelaja|When there is a challenge to be met, you can be sure someone will rise to it. When there is a job to be done, someone will do it and get the deserved praise for it. Will that person be you?
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, The Untapped Wonderer in You: Dare to Do the Undone|The, per second great thought investment will yield the best hourly harvest of great life.
J. Richard Singleton, Glyphics|He was breathtaking. There was simply no other way to describe him. Her eyes started with his long, black hair before slowly perusing every inch of him. He was dressed in a white shirt and black vest with pants that hugged every inch of his muscular legs. Across his back hung a black cape, in his hand he held a cane with a golden handle. She squinted as she peered at it closely. A golden bat adorned the curved surface, its small wings spread wide, as if it were in flight.
John Muir, The Mountains of California|Deep in the recesses of her mind, she knew they were probably watching. They watched everything, after all.Let them watch. Let them see what it meant to be human. To live.Let them see what it meant to love, and be loved in return.
Steve Keen, Adbusters #84 Pop Nihilism|The 9/11 Commission warned that Al Qaeda "could... scheme to wield weapons of unprecedented destructive power in the largest cities of the United States." Future attacks could impose enormous costs on the entire economy. Having used up the surplus that the country enjoyed as part of the Cold War peace dividend, the U.S. government is in a weakened financial position to respond to another major terrorist attack, and its position will be damaged further by the large budget gaps and growing dependence on foreign capital projected for the future. As the historian Paul Kennedy wrote in his book The Rise and Fall of Great Powers, too many decisions made in Washington today "bring merely short-term advantage but long-term disadvantage." The absence of a sound, long-term financial strategy could bring about a deterioration that, in his words, "leads to the downward spiral of slower growth, heavier taxes, deepening domestic splits over spending priorities and a weakening capacity to bear the burdens of defense."Decades of success in mobilizing enormous sums of money to fight large wars and meet other government needs have led Americans to believe that ample funds will be readily available in the event of a future war, terrorist attack, or other emergency. But that can no longer be assumed. Budget constraints could limit the availability or raise the cost of resources to deal with new emergencies. If government debt continues to pile up, deficits rise to stratospheric levels, and heave dependence on foreign capital grows, borrowing the money needed will be very costly. [Alexander] Hamilton understood the risks of such a precarious situation. After suffering through financial shortages, lack of adequate food and weapons, desertions, and collapsing morale during the Revolution, he considered the risk that the government would have difficulty in assembling funds to defend itself all too real. If America remains on its dangerous financial course, Hamilton's gift to the nation - the blessing of sound finances - will be squandered.The U.S. government had no higher obligation that to protect the security of its citizens. Doing so becomes increasingly difficult if its finances are unsound. While the nature of this new brand of warfare, the war on terrorism, remains uncharted, there is much to be gained if our leaders look to the experiences of the past for guidance in responding to the challenges of the future. The willingness of the American people and their leaders to ensure that the nation's finances remain sound in the face of these new challenges - sacrificing parochial interests for the common good - is the price we must pay to preserve the nation's security and thus the liberties that Hamilton and his generation bequeathed us.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|...as we rise from the organic and sink back ignominiously into the organic, it is a glory and a privilege to love what Death doesn't touch.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, Before We Visit the Goddess|In April war was declared with Germany. Wilson and his cabinet—a cabinet that in its lack of distinction was strangely reminiscent of the twelve apostles—let loose the carefully starved dogs of war, and the press began to whoop hysterically against the sinister morals, sinister philosophy, and sinister music produced by the Teutonic temperament. Those who fancied themselves particularly broad-minded made the exquisite distinction that it was only the German Government which aroused them to hysteria; the rest were worked up to a condition of retching indecency. Any song which contained the word "mother" and the word "kaiser" was assured of a tremendous success. At last every one had something to talk about—and almost every one fully enjoyed it, as though they had been cast for parts in a sombre and romantic play.
Henry Ward Beecher|A mother's happiness is like a beacon, lighting up the future but reflected also on the past in the guise of fond memories.
Mehmet Murat ildan|We have invented the literature because the reality wasn’t imaginative enough and we also wanted to be alone, at least for a while!
Steven Wright|Now and then, someone is able to look at an empty space, conclude it would be a great place to start a revolution, and bravely go forward.
Emily Murdoch, If You Find Me|...Things happenedwhen you were little. Things youdon't remember now, and don't wantto. But they need to escape,need to worm their way outof that dark place in your brainwhere you keep them stashed.
Julia Hoban, Willow|Every lineament of the girl's wasted body is a testament to her inner turmoil. Willow can only imagine what kind of pain she must be in to destroy herself that way. She knows there's something ironic in her compassion for the other girl, but she can't help feeling that this utter mortification of the flesh is far worse than anything that she herself has done.
Jeffrey Eugenides, The Marriage Plot|He had withdrawn solely for his own personal pleasure, only to be near to himself. No longer distracted by anything external, he basked in his own existence and found it splendid.
John Green|Any conversation including the mention of Roald Dahl, Ray Bradbury, or Emily Dickinson is one worth getting into or at least eavesdropping.
George Gordon Byron, Don Juan|Don't drink too much.""When I can spell out your name in shot glasses, I'll stop.""I'll have to get a shorter name.""I'll have to forget how to spell it.
Winifred Gallagher|Research shows that when they confront a potentially unpleasant situation, such as some unfriendly faces at a gathering, these extraverts are apt to shift their attention rapidly around the room and zero in on amiable or neutral visages, thus short-circuiting the distressing images before they can get stored in memory.
Carl Sagan|I would say that introverts make some of the best international philosophers. The less common attribute of the introverted lifestyle - a close societal connection, as such a connection disappears or changes in relevance as the currents of the winds change - leaves too much room for one's own cultural bias. Instead, introverts tend to turn inward, the laboratory of being and all its forms. This is the most accurate study of the individual human being, which is in turn, rather than those affected by cultural limitations, the most universal reflection of human understanding and human behavior.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|My experience of what can happen and what actually happens is a world apart, so stop worrying!
P. J. O'Rourke|There are a few things that people all around the world need to admit to themselves. Trade restraints slow economic growth, the euro is not a reserve currency, and scoreless sports ties are boring.
Anne Rice, Pandora|What is written beneath this heavy handsome book cover will count, so sayeth this cover…
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|When people believe that the form is more important than the Truth, they will not find truth, but will stay with form.
Shirley Corder, Strength Renewed: Meditations for Your Journey through Breast Cancer|We can look at our tattoos from cancer treatment as awful reminders of a ghastly time in our lives, or we can use them as reminders of what God brought us through.
Jonathan P. Lamas, Sanctuary of Expression|Tahtahta-ha-ha' clattered the wheels. A lamp outside the window nodded to him. Another. A third. The lamps ceased to wink. Night without winking clung to the windows.("Adam")
Ginny McMath|It was strange to have those papers signed. Like any big project or crisis that takes every waking and non-waking moment in your life, it was odd to have it concluded. A move, a college degree, a wedding--something long-strived-for is completed, whatever the outcome, and there is a huge space where it all once was. All that open time now, and a continuing nagging sense that there's something you need to be doing.
Noam Chomsky, The Culture of Terrorism|There are few genuine conservatives within the U.S. political system, and it is a sign of the intellectual corruption of the age that the honorable term 'conservatism' can be appropriated to disguise the advocacy of a powerful, lawless, aggressive and violent state, a welfare state for the rich dedicated to a lunatic form of Keynesian economic intervention that enhances state and private power while mortgaging the country's future.
Elizabeth Hoyt, Scandalous Desires|Silence rose and crossed to the connecting door and knocked.The door was opened almost at once.Michael leaned a shoulder against the doorjamb, a wicked smile playing about his sensuous lips. He was so very big this close—every time it surprised her and made her breathless. “Well, now, and when did ye decide to start knockin’ at me door?”Silence fought to keep her face from flaming as she remembered the last time she’d peeked through Michael’s door.She swallowed. “We’re bored.”“Is that so?” Michael glanced down.Silence followed his gaze and saw that Mary had crawled over to investigate. The baby grabbed a handful of her skirt and stood up. She kept one hand on Silence’s skirt and popped two fingers from the other into her mouth as she stared solemnly at Michael.“She looks a rare treat,” Michael said softly, watching the toddler.Silence smiled down at Mary. “She does indeed.”She glanced up and her heart squeezed at the gentle look on Michael’s face.As if she understood she was the subject of conversation, Mary lifted her arms—to Michael. “Up!”Michael arched an eyebrow. “Mouthy little thing, ain’t she?”But he bent and lifted the toddler.
Meghan Markle|In a multicultural, diverse society there are countless ways in which people negotiate the everyday lived experience and reality of diversity.
Merrill Markoe, Walking in Circles Before Lying Down|Maybe your empathy's just a comforting lie, you ever think of that? Maybe you think you know how the other person feels but you're only feeling yourself, maybe you're even worst than me. Or maybe we're all just guessing.
Mark Denman|Having a camera is not enough. You must understand, appreciate, and harness the power you hold!
Dennis Liggio, Support Your Local Monster Hunter|I don't know how it got to this, but I'm in a war. There's no chance for diplomacy. They want me dead and I don't think I can run from this. Not after what they've done to me. So if this is a war, then I'm going to take the fight to them. I'll raid their lair and I'll kill as many as I can. There seem to be endless numbers of them, but they've got to have a limit. Tonight we'll find out if there are more of them than there is fight in me.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Sometimes we are asking God to reveal his presence, provisions and purpose in our lives and we pray like we are trying to get God's attention but I think prayer has less with getting God's attention but He getting mine.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|Our dedication to charity guides our purpose. The love of laughter inspires our vision. The generous support of supporters, friends and fans along with the finest businesses in Houston and throughout America helps drive our mission. Thank you to those who generously donate to one or all of the charities Sol-Caritas supports.
Jodi Meadows, Incarnate|Breathing in the scent of his hair, I realized I'd needed him my whole life, before we even met. First, his music and the way he taught me through books and recordings. Then, he saved my life and refused to abandon me no matter how much I deserved it.
Julie Kagawa, Legion|Without St. George, that balance would tip. Without the Order, there would be nothing to stop Talon and the Elder Wyrm from achieving what they wanted from the start: complete and utter dominion.
Kenneth Patchen|I tell you that what has changed is the whole conception of human life- that men of every race on this earth may have the same opportunity to live beautifully- to live in purity without fear or hunger or hatred- as brothers, not as brutes tearing through these hideous swamps of ignorance and war. Men speak of a belief in God. I am beginning to understand what every Christ- and their skins have been every color- what every Christ has taught: That love of God is love of mankind. That no one can profess to love God while he hates the least of his fellows. Jesus, if He were on earth right now, would fight to free men from oppression and evil and war; and you who have made a pious mockery of his every commandment- you would kill Him.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|If I could somehow know the future, then now should not be like this time.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|A certain something, he felt, had managed to work its way in through a tiny opening and was trying to fill a blank space inside him. The void was not one that she had made. It had always been there inside him. She had merely managed to shine a special light on it.
John Maynard Keynes|The businessman is only tolerable so long as his gains can be held to bear some relation to what, roughly and in some sense, his activities have contributed to society.
Rupert Murdoch|Gymnastics, especially in my family, is more than a sport. It's our life, it's our careers, it's our family business.
|If you are living an original life, there is absolutely no need to compete with anyone else.
Vita Sackville-West|There is nothing more lovely in life than the union of two people whose love for one another has grown through the years, from the small acorn of passion, into a great rooted tree
Narendra Modi|Every country has the right to nuclear technology as long as they use it safely, peacefully and in a secure way.
Jeanette Winterson, The Passion|The future is foretold from the past and the future is only possible because of the past. Without past and future, the present is partial. All time is eternally present and so all time is ours. There is no sense in forgetting and every sense in dreaming. Thus the present is made rich.
Leigh Bardugo, Shadow and Bone|What is she to you anyway?""Here's my answer captain. She's the thing that made this all okay-the threadbare coats and the old boots and the guns that jams when you most need them to fire, the loneliness of knowing that you don't matter, that you will never matter, the fact that you're just another body, another uniform to be sent into the fold or the frost, another good boy who knows his place, who does his job, who doesn't ask questions, who will lie down and die and be forgotten. What is she? She's everything, you dumb son of a bitch.
Dada Bhagwan|Worldly things (laukik) are perceived through the senses (indriya-gamya). That, which is beyond the world (alaukik), is perceived [through the knowledge which is] beyond the senses (atindriya-gamya).
Criss Jami, Healology|God loves each person, I believe; although, just like we do in our private homes, He reserves His kingdom only for those whom He enjoys.
Richard Armour, The Classics Reclassified|I have my first review this is exciting I write a passage to introduce the book and want to share it on SNS . As below words,hope you can give me some a
ShahenshahHK|The best preparation is to dream about your success while you are awake, the good feeling out of that dream will make us work towards making it a success. The best part about that dream is that it has a repeat value & each time the process towards success can be improvised.
Thomm Quackenbush, Danse Macabre (Night's Dream, #2)|She had seen this relationship dying before it ever lived, but allowed optimism and lust to blind her.
Charlie Parker|Don't be afraid, just play the music.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Double|Beside himself with shame and despair, the utterly ruined though perfectly just Mr. Golyadkin dashed headlong away, wherever fate might lead him; but with every step he took, with every thud of his foot on the granite of the pavement, there leapt up as though out of the earth a Mr. Golyadkin precisely the same, perfectly alike, and of a revolting depravity of heart. And all these precisely similar Golyadkins set to running after one another as soon as they appeared, and stretched in a long chain like a file of geese, hobbling after the real Mr. Golyadkin, so there was nowhere to escape from these duplicates — so that Mr. Golyadkin, who was in every way deserving of compassion, was breathless with terror; so that at last a terrible multitude of duplicates had sprung into being; so that the whole town was obstructed at last by duplicate Golyadkins, and the police officer, seeing such a breach of decorum, was obliged to seize all these duplicates by the collar and to put them into the watch-house, which happened to be beside him . . . Numb and chill with horror, our hero woke up, and numb and chill with horror felt that his waking state was hardly more cheerful . . . It was oppressive and harrowing . . . He was overcome by such anguish that it seemed as though some one were gnawing at his heart.
Hilary Mantel, Wolf Hall|This visit has compacted the court's quarrels and intrigues, trapped them in the small space within the town's walls. The travelers have become as intimate with each other as cards in a pack: contiguous, but their paper eyes blind.
Alexei Maxim Russell, Forgotten Lore: Volume I|I had a friend once who looked at his library and discovered that even if he completely stopped filmmaking (he was a filmmaker too) and just decided to read the books he had in his library, it would take him until he was 100 years old. He was a little bit panicked. But he was courageous. He went out of his house. He went to the bookstore. And he bought ten books.
Rebecca Goldstein, Plato at the Googleplex: Why Philosophy Won't Go Away|It is also possible to say precisely why. Truth seduces us very easily into a kind of joy of possession: I have comprehended this and that, learned it, understood it. Knowledge is power. I am therefore more than the other man who does not know this and that. I have greater possibilities and also greater temptations. Anyone who deals with truth - as we theologians certainly do - succumbs all too easily to the psychology of the possessor. But love is the opposite of the will to possess. It is self-giving. It boasteth not itself, but humbleth itself.
Lynn Povich|He thought of women in terms of breasts, not minds, and it always seemed to irritate him that most women had both.
Max Lucado, Grace for the Moment|He hadn’t been peeping intentionally; he’d been trying to sneak into my room. So that was slightly less creepy, I supposed.
Eleanor Roosevelt|The purpose of life is to live it, to taste experience to the utmost, to reach out eagerly and without fear for newer and richer experience.
Donald Barthelme|--Why are we fighting them?--They're mad. We're sane.--How do we know?--That we're sane?--Yes.--Am I sane?--To all appearances.--And you, do you consider yourself sane?--I do.--Well, there you have it.--But don't they also consider themselves sane?--I think they know. Deep down. That they're not sane.--How must that make them feel?--Terrible, I should think. They must fight ever more fiercely, in order to deny what they know to be true. That they are not sane.
Tamora Pierce, Cold Fire|The bravest person I know is afraid of the dark. She sleeps with a night lamp always, but if her friends are threatened? She suddenly thinks she's a bear twelve feet tall and attacks whoever scared her friends.
John Oates|I had always sung in choirs. Even when it was something to be laughed at or made fun of, you know, in school. And I was always the kid who was picked at the Christmas concert to sing the solo, you know, while the other kids snickered in the front few rows.
Yukio Mishima, Spring Snow|For everything sacred has the substance of dreams and memories, and so we experience the miracle of what is separated from us by time or distance suddenly being made tangible.
W. H. Murray|Gravity may put the planets into motion, but without the divine Power, it could never put them into such a circulating motion as they have about the Sun; and therefore, for this as well as other reasons, I am compelled to ascribe the frame of this System to an intelligent Agent.
Rupi Kaur|I used to buy scented poetry books on tour and read aloud to the band. Not what you'd expect, huh?
Joe Abercrombie, Red Country|Evil turned out not to be a grand thing. Not sneering Emperors with their world-conquering designs. Not cackling demons plotting in the darkness beyond the world. It was small men with their small acts and their small reasons. It was selfishness and carelessness and waste. It was bad luck, incompetence, and stupidity. It was violence divorced from conscience or consequence. It was high ideals, even, and low methods.
Jeanne A. Estes, Start a Business Step-by-Step Workbook|No matter what your reason for wanting to start your own business, developing the foundation is the same. Laying a solid foundation for you business will provide you with a road map to follow as you build your business. As you work through the Start a Business Step-by-Step Workbook you will define the company’s mission, decide what business entity is right for your business, name your business, determine the pricing for your products or services, formulate your financial projections, define your competitors, survey consumers regarding your products or services, determine the marketing methods right for your business and more.
Terry Pratchett, Equal Rites|I saved a man's life once,' said Granny. 'Special medicine, twice a day. Boiled water with a bit of berry juice in it. Told him I'd bought it from the dwarves. That's the biggest part of doct'rin, really. Most people'll get over things if they put their minds to it, you just have to give them an interest.'She patted Esk's hand as nicely as possible. 'You're a bit young for this,' she said, 'but as you grow older you'll find most people don't set foot outside their own heads much.
Louise Erdrich, The Master Butchers Singing Club|Would the truth be silenced, or would it try to break throughMeaning if someone loves you and its meant to be but for unknown reasons it seems to be over would you somehow get fatalistic messages that would hint at you the truth behind the relationship- are forces at play to try and waken you up to the idea that you're actually meant to be and should be together?
Flannery O'Connor, Collected Works: Wise Blood / A Good Man is Hard to Find / The Violent Bear it Away / Everything that Rises Must Converge / Essays and Letters|The ancient commission of the writer has not changed. He is charged with exposing our many grievous faults and failures, with dredging up to the light our dark and dangerous dreams for the purpose of improve
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|There is no physician like Him, none can save as He can; we love Him, and He loves us, and therefore we put ourselves into His hands, accept whatever he prescribes, and do whatever He bids.We feel that nothing can be wrongly ordered while He is the director of our affairs; for He loves us too well to let us perish, or suffer a single needless pang
Dee Williams|Truly, you understand the reverse art of alchemy, the depreciating of the most valuable things! Try, just for once, another recipe, in order not to realise as hitherto the opposite of what you mean to attain: deny those good things, withdraw from them the applause of the populace and discourage the spread of them, make them once more the concealed chastities of solitary souls, and say: morality is something forbidden! Perhaps you will thus attract to your cause the sort of men who are only of any account, I mean the heroic. But then there must be something formidable in it, and not as hitherto something disgusting!
Matthew T.  Cross, The Resume Design Book: How to Write a Resume in College & Influence Employers to Hire You|No matter how your dreams are impossible if you keep in dreaming, your wishes will come true.
Liam Neeson|In the fifth grade I discovered something I could do better than the other kids. One day, the teacher set up a bunch of chairs, and she had everyone run to the chairs and back while she timed us. I had the fastest time in the whole school!
Andrew Wilson, Patricia Highsmith, Ζωή στο σκοτάδι|[Patricia Highsmith] was overwhelmed by sensory stimulation - there were too many people and too much noise and she just could not handle the supermarket. She continually jumped, afraid that someone might recognise or touch her. She could not make the simplest of decisions - which type of bread did she want, or what kind of salami? I tried to do the shopping as quickly as possible, but at the check-out she started to panic. She took out her wallet, knocked off her glasses, dropped the money on the floor, stuff was going all over the place.
Sarah J. Maas|Annabeth glared at me like she was going to punch me. And then she did something that surprised me even more. Shd kissed me. "Br careful Seaweed Brain." she put her cap back on and vanished. I probably would have sst there fir the rest of the day, staring at the lava and trying to remember what my name was.
Kiera Cass, The Elite|It's the most wonderful and terrible thing that can ever happen to you," she said simply. "You know that you've found something amazing, and you want to hold on to it forever; and every second after you have it, you fear the moment you might lose it."I sighed softly. She was absolutely right.Love was beautiful fear.
Veronica Rossi, Roar and Liv|Two days after my dad's funeral, my mom went on a mission. I never understood it until then--that sometimes a spy doesn't need a cover so much as she needs a shield.
Stanislaw Sielicki, Handsome Yeva: An Indo-European Tale: Reconstruction Based on Balto-Slavic Folklore and Parallels with Other Indo-European Myths|Sleep my baby, rock-a-bye,On the edge you must not lie.Wolf the Fluffy roams astray,Will he grab you, drag away?Into Furthest Darkest Woods,Hide you under Willow roots?There birdies chirp and squeak,Will they let you fall asleep?
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|You know, I don’t get why Fred and George only got three O.W.L.s each,” said Harry, watching as Fred, George, and Lee collected gold from the eager crowd. “They really know their stuff. . . .”“Oh, they only know flashy stuff that’s no real use to anyone,” said Hermione disparagingly.“No real use?” said Ron in a strained voice. “Hermione, they’ve got about twenty-six Galleons already. . . .
Anne Rice, Interview with the Vampire|The world changes, we do not, therein lies the irony that kills us.
Mehmet Murat ildan, Award Winning Plays -2|drugs, hard. Under the Misuse of Drugs Act 1971, the law was changed in the United Kingdom to ensure that the production and supply of dangerous drugs should henceforth be in the hands of criminal organisations. Some people have argued that this is not an ideal arrangement.
Evangeline Lilly|I know what my limitations are as an actor, but my strength is putting myself into a well-written part. When I get in trouble is when I have to fix it, or when I have to carry it on personality.
ANIKOR Daniel|To know is the male, to act is the female, for there to be production, to know need to meet with to act.
Leslie Moak Murray|There are two kinds of people in the world: those who love chocolate, and communists.
Anthony Robbins|If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten. 
Idries Shah, Sufi Thought and Action|When there is a true or useful thing, there is sure to be a counterfeit.
Victoria Pendleton|In tennis, you can have a bad set and still win. The part of track cycling that is difficult to find in other sports is that it's so final; there's no second chance if you make a mistake.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|Psychologically speaking, far from being worthless, a system is indeed necessary, for any kind of human endeavor. A structure aids in the mind’s endeavor of learning. But the moment the mind becomes dependent on the system and starts trusting the system more than the internal faculties of the mind, the very element of education fades away from the system.
Loretta Graziano Breuning, Habits of a Happy Brain: Retrain Your Brain to Boost Your Serotonin, Dopamine, Oxytocin,  Endorphin Levels|Music gives pleasure because your mind keeps predicting what comes next. Each correct prediction triggers dopamine. You can't make good predictions for unfamiliar music, so you don't get the dopamine. But when music is too familiar, something strange happens. You don't get the dopamine either because your brain predicts it effortlessly. To make you happy, music must be at the sweet spot of novelty and familiarity.
Richard Foster|Every November on National Adoption Day, courts set aside time to finalize adoptions from foster care that might otherwise be delayed for months, and communities celebrate adoption with retreats, proclamations, and other events. National Adoption Day was started in 2000 and has grown each year. In 2004, courts and community organizations finalized the adoptions of more than 3,400 children from foster care as part of 200 National Adoption Day events in 37 states.
Angela B. Wade, Breaking Sea|Stay with me always, my sweet, my love . . . my Claire.
Liberty Ross|These days I travel so much it's hard to get into a routine. When I'm on the road, I tend to use hotel gyms. When I'm home in L.A., I like to hike and hit the surf. All in all, I try to keep a balanced diet and exercise routine, which has stood me in good stead to date.
Amber Schamel, The Healer's Touch|I looked up, it was the first drop of rain.Tearing through the clouds, screaming as it did.For all this effort, it had to head towards the drain,So I looked up and caught it in my eye instead.
A.E. Via|Syn finished with dispatch then called his first officer. While waiting for the phone to be answered he told Furi to pack a bag with whatever he would need for the next couple of days. Furi didn’t move.“Furious,” Syn growled. He wanted to get the hell out of that apartment just in case Sasha wanted to come finish the job.“I’m not leaving. She is not going to run me out of my own damn place.” Furi jutted out his chin in defiance.Syn forgot about his phone call and came to stand directly in front of Furi. “Go and pack a bag now. That crazy bitch is not going to get a second chance if I have anything to say about it.”“You don’t have anything to say about it.”“The hell I don’t,” Syn barked. “Your foolish pride will get you killed. Let's deal with her and then you’re more than welcome to come home. Don’t let your stubbornness make you an easy target, because that’s just stupid.”“You calling me stupid?” Furi snapped right back.Syn rolled his eyes in frustration. “Are you fuckin’ kiddin’ me? Furious we don’t have time for this Mickey Mouse bullshit right now. Go get your shit and let’s move.” Syn went over to the only window in Furi’s apartment and stood watch while Furi threw some clothes, toiletries, books and a laptop into a bag, grumbling curses the entire time. Syn let him say whatever he wanted to, as long as he was doing what needed to be done.Furi had a large duffle draped over his shoulder when he came to stand in front of Syn. “Done, Detective. Anything else you want to order me to do?”Syn took a quick calming breath. He took Furi’s duffle off his shoulder and set it gently at his feet. He put his arms around Furi’s waist and pulled him to him. “I’m not trying to order you around. I just can’t let anyone hurt you.” Syn squeezed his eyes shut.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Palm Sunday: An Autobiographical Collage|A society, on occasion, can be the worst possible describer of mental health.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|Of course, minute as its impact may be in our physical universe, the fact of quantum entanglement is this: If one logically inexplicable thing is known to exist, then this permits the existence of all logically inexplicable things. A thing may be of deeper impossibility than another, in the sense that you can be more deeply underwater--but whether you are five feet or five fathoms from the surface you are still all wet.
Maz Jobrani|I am a political human being. I have - that's one of my interests. I studied political science in college. I was actually going to get my Ph.D. in poli-sci. And a lot of my material from early on in my career dealt with politics, so I've always considered myself as somebody who enjoys political humor. So I'm not going to stop.
Christina Engela, The Time Saving Agency|714 Pages of Reddit Collection #6 will be never enough, will they be?
Deyth Banger|A wiry crewman named Kobis sat at the end of a couch, reading a book in the low light, clearly relishing the closest thing he ever found to peace and quiet
Michael Cox, The Meaning of Night|I had retained little of what is generally called religion, except for a visceral conviction that our lives are controlled by some universal mechanism that is greater than ourselves. Perhaps that was what others called God. Perhaps not.
Charles Fort, The Book of the Damned|The aggregate appearance is of dignity and dissoluteness. The aggregate voice is a defiant prayer. But the spirit of the whole is processional. The power, that has said to all these things that they are damned, is dogmatic science. But they'll march! The little harlots will caper and the freaks will distract the attention and the clowns will break the rhythm of the whole with their buffooneries. But the solidity of the procession as a whole, the solidity of things which pass and pass and pass, and keep on and keep on coming, the irresistibleness of things that neither threaten, nor jeer, nor defy, but arrange themselves in mass formations that pass and pass and keep on passing. So, by the damned, I mean the excluded.
Janet Reno|It's luck that one thing works out and one doesn't, it's sort of happenstance.
Erich Fromm, Escape from Freedom|The development of man's intellectual capacities has far outstripped the development of his emotions. Man's brain lives in the twentieth century; the heart of most men lives still in the Stone Age. The majority of men have not yet acquired the maturity to be independent, to be rational, to be objective. They need myths and idols to endure the fact that man is all by himself, that there is no authority which gives meaning to life except man himself.
Deyth Banger|Be glad that I'm not a horror writer, some people write about it, other make images... but third just create it??? As for me, I have create it from horror up to nightmares!
Jean-Paul Sartre|But I can't see anything any more: however much I search the past I can only retrieve scraps of images and I am not sure what they represent, nor whether they are remembered or invented.
Hilaire Belloc|No doctor knows everything. There's a reason why it's called "practising" medicine.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Nico found a sort of freedom in knowing that eventually, no matter what happened, he would end up at the foot of his father’s throne.
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|Seconds passed, then ... La Dorada skulked into view. She was half-mummified, but sodden. 
Bret Easton Ellis, Less Than Zero|I'm sorry I'm young," Deborah answered with a bitterness that was half prose. "We have a right to be as crazy as anyone else." The second part was more a plea, and to her surprise the superbly inhuman fighter smiled softly and said, "Yes ... I suppose that's true, though I never thought of it in those terms before.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|Panem et Circenses translates into 'Bread and Circuses.' The writer was saying that in return for full bellies and entertainment, his people had given up their political responsibilities and therefore their power.
Melissa Simmons, Resistance|Even when someone hurts you, you choose how to struggle, resist, deny and receive.
Akhenaton|Anger is a killing thing: it kills the man who angers, for each rage leaves him less than he had been before - it takes something from him.
Aberjhani, Songs from the Black Skylark zPed Music Player|The gentle pulsing and flickering of stars and nebulae made a kind of music, a sweet easy mesh of whispered tones and sighing harmonies that held him in its force like the earth [holding] the moon.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Someone has said, “Prayer is the highest use to which speech can be put.
Fay Weldon|Take me! Well, not quite take me, love me now, take me eventually
Rajen Jani, Once Upon A Time: 100 Management Stories|Any work not executed honestly, fails to fulfill its objective.
Plamen Chetelyazov, Flaws of Oblivion|Life is an addiction Wind to feel ,Love to crave ,Power to have ,Cigarette's to smoke.
Jessie Burton, The Muse|I felt nothing change in the room, except the shock of my voice alone and the peculiar euphoria one feels in the wake of applause, feeling at once cheapened and triumphant.
William James, The Will to Believe, Human Immortality and Other Essays in Popular Philosophy|There were no footmarks.''Meaning that you saw none?''I assure you, sir, that there were none.''My good Hopkins, I have investigated many crimes, but I have never yet seen one which was committed by a flying creature. As long as the criminal remains upon two legs so long must there be some indentation, some abrasion, some trifling displacement which can be detected by the scientific searcher.
Ravi Zacharias, The Grand Weaver: How God Shapes Us Through the Events of Our Lives|Redemption precedes morality, and not the other way around.
Bill Watterson|If you can't win by reason, go for volume.
Dada Bhagwan|One creates ownership and then does egoism towards it, that is why suffering arises. No one is a boss/owner of anyone. Whose things and whose goods? However many fishes one catches from the sea, they are his. After he catches them, he gives rise to its ownership, he creates a liability for it.
Ruth Reichl, Not Becoming My Mother: and Other Things She Taught Me Along the Way|I believe I’m very normal. I’m hyper-normal. I’m more normal than anyone else I know. I think my thoughts, my indulgences, my desires, my pleasures may at first appear different, but that is only because they are more normal, not because they are more esoteric.I believe I am bored when other people are bored, only faster. I am interested when others are interested, only more interested. But I also think I’m less, rather than more, intelligent than other people.By indulging my interests through my life, and perhaps because of rather than despite many failures, I have been able to design my life.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Divine Misdemeanors|Crying had made her want a shoulder on which to rest her head, arms to hold her. She'd wasted too many tears alone in her room, her garden, walking along the shore, praying for God to send her someone to share her sorrows along with her joys.
Combahee River Collective, The Combahee River Collective Statement: Black Feminist Organizing In The Seventies and Eighties|Although we are feminists and lesbians, we feel solidarity with progressive black men and do not advocate the fractionalization that white women who are separatists demand.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|It's all right to hold a conversation, but you should let go of it now and then.
Quentin Crisp, How to Have a Lifestyle|All the golden societies of the past to which historians point and turn their wistful smiles have had what patience-players would call a discard pile. They operated on two levels with a slave class who worked, ate, slept, and died and a leisured class who reclined on one elbow and spoke. Naturally it is from this latter group that we learn what life at that time was like. It often makes charming reading but we can hardly take it to be the whole truth.
James    Wood, The Broken Estate: Essays on Literature and Belief|If religion is true, one must believe. And if one chooses not to believe, one’s choice is marked under the category of a refusal, and is thus never really free: it has the duress of a recoil.” With literary belief, however, “one is always free to choose not to believe.” This, Wood argues, is the freedom of literature; it is what constitutes its “reality.
Thomas Jane|Man's respect for the imponderables varies according to his mental constitution and environment. Through certain modes of thought and training, it can be elevated tremendously, yet there is always a limit.
Suzanne  Johnson, Royal Street|I grabbed a shard of glass and spun around, brandishing it in front of me. It was a pretty, stippled blue piece, nice and sharp.“Hold on, tiger. I give up.”A bear of a man stood in front of me, hands raised in mock surrender— well, except for the shotgun in his right hand. He towered well over six feet and was shaped like a linebacker, one who’d gone a little too long between haircuts. Dark curls hugged the collar of a basic black T-shirt that almost camouflaged a black shoulder holster holding some type of nasty-looking black handgun. It all matched his black jeans and boots. He looked like the poster child for an upscale GQ mercenary. The only shred of color on him was his eyes, and they were dark brown. Mr. Monochromatic.He laid the shotgun on the table near the door and stepped back, hands up, watching me from beneath hooded lids. A lesser woman would have noticed the thick muscles moving under his tanned skin when he raised his arms, or the T-shirt that fit just snugly enough to send a girl’s thoughts to the Promised Land. Good thing I don’t notice stuff like that.“If you want to search me for more weapons, I’m game.”My eyes shot back to his, and I felt my cheeks flush, hot and bothered on the way to angry. Leave it to a guy to open his mouth and ruin a perfectly good moment.
Kourtney Kardashian|Summer blockbusters are very expensive to make. They have things that have to be expensive, such as 600 effects shots or CG characters that have to go a certain way, or a film design that is different but expensive.
Igor Stravinsky|Just as God's love entered the world, thereby submitting to the misunderstanding and ambiguity that characterize everything worldly, so also Christian love does not exist anywhere but in the worldly, in an infinite variety of concrete worldly action, and subject to misunderstanding and condemnation. Every attempt to portray a Christianity of 'pure' love purged of worldly 'impurities' is a false purism and perfectionism that scorns God's becoming human and falls prey to the fate of all ideologies. God was not too pure to enter the world.
Sunday Adelaja|If during the day, a person did not do anything about his purpose and calling, he did nothing at all
Colleen Hoover, Confess|Sometimes we don’t get second chances, Owen. Sometimes things just end.”He winces. “We didn’t even get a first chance.
Robert Penn Warren, A Place to Come To|I know nothing I’m doing is important,' he said. 'Sure, I’m just a waste product of history. Maybe nothing I’m doing is even real, after all. But I was born right here, in this old house, and I look out the window and know what I’m seeing, and I know some people I like to be with, and I like what I do all day long, and maybe that’s all that realness is, anyway
Jodi Picoult, House Rules|It's never the differences between people that surprise us. It's the things that, against all odds, we have in common.
T.K. Naliaka, Iron Mixed with Sand Salt without Memory|If no one knew them well enough to trust them, then no one was going to speak with them, then they would never get the information that would have warned them to be cautious.
Charles Portis, True Grit|I will go further and say all cats are wicked, though often useful. Who has not seen Satan in their sly faces? Some preachers will say, well, that is superstitious "claptrap." My answer is this: Preacher, go to your Bible and read Luke 8: 26-33
Saleem Sharma|I have created something and let it loose upon the world. Whether it was my right to do so or not, I cannot say. At times I am filled with love for my creation. At others I am filled with regret and horror. But it is done. It has been created.
Lindsey Rietzsch, The Happy Lady|Having a positive attitude gives you the power to uplift, the power to create change, the power to motivate, the power to inspire, the power to influence, the power to cultivate happiness, and the list goes on.
Siri Hustvedt, A Plea for Eros: Essays|I had no friends. Was I happy? I was wildly happy. Sitting on my bed, which took up most of the space in that narrow room, I whispered prayers of thanks that I was really and truly here in New York, beginning another life. I worshipped the place. I feasted on every beautiful inch of it - the crowds, the fruit and vegetable stands, the miles of pavement, the graffiti, even the garbage. All of it sent me into paroxysms of joy. Needless to say, my elevation had an irrational cast to it. Had I not arrived laden with ideas of urban paradise, I might have felt bad losing sleep, might have felt lonely and disoriented, but instead I walked around town like a love-struck idiot, inhaling the difference between there and here.
Kristi Hayes, Bring Me To Life|In my head, owning a bookstore meant I could hide in the back reading all day, while other bookworms came and went without a sound, resembling almost a library or, better yet, a convent. People never talked to me or to each other, we were just a secret society of readers, alone but together in silent unity. In reality though, owning a bookstore meant that I never actually had time to read a book myself. And being a newer bookstore, meant that I was broke and couldn’t actually afford staff so I had to do most things myself. Alone. In front of people. With my face showing. And sometimes having to make eye contact. It was awful.
Whipplesnaith|She's growing up," Sister Evangeline said.And I wanted to tell her no, I'm not. Everything is exactly the same.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|First, if you are a homosexual or feel that inclination, keep yourself pure. If you are unmarried, you should practice abstinence from all sexual activity. I know this is difficult, but really what God is asking you to do is pretty much the same thing that he requires of all single people. That means not only keeping your body pure, but especially your mind. Just as heterosexual men should avoid pornography and fantasizing, you, too, need to keep your thought-life clean. Resist the temptation to rationalize sin by saying, “God made me this way.” God has made it very clear that He does not want you to indulge your desires, but to honor Him by keeping your mind and body pure. Finally, seek professional Christian counseling. With time and effort, you can come to enjoy normal, heterosexual relations with your spouse. There is hope.
Laura Pedersen, Best Bet|Hey there, Hallie, welcome to the next place we need a Deer Crossing sign.' I didn't know that deers could 
Dani Shapiro, Still Writing: The Perils and Pleasures of a Creative Life|To forget oneself-to lose oneself in the music, in the moment- that kind of absorption seems to be at the heart of every creative endeavor.
John Updike|No one has yet realized the wealth of sympathy, the kindness and generosity hidden in the soul of a child. The effort of every true education should be to unlock that treasure.
Amos Bronson Alcott|My mind withdrew its thoughts from experience, extracting itself from the contradictory throng of sensuous images, that it might find out what that light was wherein it was bathed... And thus, with the flash of one hurried glance, it attained to the vision of That Which Is.
James Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|Love me!Hate me!I don't care which because either way,you're still talking about me!
Michelle M. Pillow, Love Potions|If Scotsmen don't wear anything under their kilts and they ride a horse, do you think they chafe their manbits?
Drew Fuller|The death of Garang has unfortunately unleashed emotions of anger; some genuine, others cultivated by elements who wanted to pit one group of Sudanese against another.
Marine Le Pen|The day you decide to pursue your dreams, don't forget that this is a game you don't enter to compete, but to win. And there will always be someone booing you in the stands, and everything you accomplish could be jeered and hissed at. This is a game between two that you have to win for the people who came to watch you be triumphant.
Philip Reeve, Starcross|I endured all our hardships as if they had been luxuries: I made light of scurvy, banqueted off train-oil, and met that cold for which there is no language framed, and which might be a new element; or which, rather, had seemed in that long night like the vast void of ether beyond the uttermost star, where was neither air nor light nor heat, but only bitter negation and emptiness. I was hardly conscious of my body; I was only a concentrated search in myself.
Thomas Mann, The Magic Mountain|No, not of course at all—it is really all hocus-pocus. The days lengthen in the winter-time, and when the longest comes, the twenty-first of June, the beginning of summer, they begin to go downhill again, toward winter. You call that ‘of course’; but if one once loses hold of the fact that it is of course, it is quite frightening, you feel like hanging on to something. It seems like a practical joke—that spring begins at the beginning of winter, and autumn at the beginning of summer. You feel you’re being fooled, led about in a circle, with your eye fixed on something that turns out to be a moving point. A moving point in a circle. For the circle consists of nothing but such transitional points without any extent whatever; the curvature is incommensurable, there is no duration of motion, and eternity turns out to be not ‘straight ahead’ but ‘merry-go-round’!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|I do not understand, why should mankind destroy each other?. Instead of building and working together for the common good?
William S. Wilson, Why I Don't Write Like Franz Kafka|Killing is killing, whether done for duty, profit or fun
Kendare Blake, Girl of Nightmares|I once went to report on a village in Russia, a community of artists who were forced to flee the cities! I'd heard that paintings hung everywhere! I heard you couldn't see the walls through all of the paintings! They'd painted the ceilings, the 82plates, the windows, the lampshades! Was it an act of rebellion! An act of expression! Were the paintings good, or was that beside the point! I needed to see it for myself, and I needed to tell the world about it! I used to live for reporting like that! Stalin found out about the community and sent his thugs in, just a few days before I got there, to break all of their arms! That was worse than killing them! It was a horrible sight, Oskar: their arms in crude splints, straight in front of them like zombies! They couldn't feed themselves, because they couldn't get their hands to their mouths! So you know what they did!' 'They starved?' 'They fed each other! That's the difference between heaven and hell! In hell we starve! In heaven we feed each other!
MaryJanice Davidson, Sleeping with the Fishes|I walked in on my folks doing it doggy style less than four hours ago.""Waitress!" Jonas screamed, clicking his fingers madly. "Bring two!" then, more quietly,"You want a neck massage? A bedtime story? A bullet in the ear?
Arthur Schopenhauer|Vladimir Kush , Shell Bronze , Lovers Entwined (painting)“Why, then, does the man in love hang with complete abandon on the eyes of his chosen one, and is ready to make every sacrifice for her? Because it is his immortal part that longs for her; it is always the mortal part alone that longs for everything else. That eager and even ardent longing, directed to a particular woman, is therefore an immediate pledge of the indestructibility of the kernel of our true nature…”―from_The World as Will and Representation_. Translated from the German by E. F. J. Payne. In Two Volumes, Volume II, p. 559
Heidi Klum|If women had to promise to provide for a man for a lifetime before he removed his veil and showed her his smile, would we think of this as a system of female privilege?
Richie Norton|We cry the same tears. We feel the same pain, of hurt, of hunger, of thirst. When we bleed, our blood is one color. The color of the price of freedom.
A.M. Homes|He laid there realizing how thoroughly he'd removed himself from the world or obligations, how stupidly independent he'd become: he needed no one, knew no one, was not a part of anyone's life. He'd so thoroughly removed himself from the world of dependencies and obligations, he wasn't sure he still existed.
David Talbot|I've got tapes that I'm so thankful that my father made - old reel-to-reel tapes. I've got a ton of those things at home. He kept those like fine diamonds, I mean he kept them, you know, in a box and was very, very careful of them, you know.
Thomas Love Peacock|Safaris through ancestral memories teach me many things. The patterns, ahhh, the patterns. Liberal bigots are the ones who trouble me the most. I distrust extremes. Scratch a conservative and you find someone who prefers the past over any future. Scratch a liberal and find a closet aristocrat. It's true! Liberal governments always develop into aristocracies. The bureaucracies betray the true intent of people who from such governments. Right from the first, the little people who formed the governments which promised to equalize the social burdens found themselves suddenly in the hands of bureaucratic aristocracies. Of course, all bureaucracies follow this pattern, but what a hypocrisy to find this even under a communized banner.
Vironika Tugaleva|A butterfly does not wonder how it can stop being a caterpillar. It simply feels some feeling from within that tells it: isolate yourself in this cocoon and grow within it. It trusts that feeling. When it comes out, it is radiant and beautiful. All the little bug did was follow its nature. You are no different.
Amanda Craig, A Vicious Circle|Novelists,’ said Ivo, ‘are to the nineties what cooks were to the eighties, hairdressers to the seventies and pop-stars to the sixties… Merely, you know, an expression of the Zeitgeist, Nobody actually reads novels any more, but it’s a fashionable thing to be a novelist – as long as you don’t entertain people of course. I sometimes think,’ said Ivo, his eyes like industrial diamonds, ‘that my sole virtue is, I’m the only person in London who has no intention of writing any kind of novel, ever.
Ratish Edwards|I am kinda lost, don't know who I am, what am doing, and why I am in it. Everything around me is more like a weird dream. I wish I could wake up. Before the dream finishes me.
Shannon L. Alder|Never sever ties with a family member you once loved. Each of you might be on different spiritual paths, but both trails are leading you home.
Sandhya Jane, Second Spring|Just because we want makes ourself happy, it doesn't meant we must cheating to others . remember, "Feeling" .
Elizabeth J. Church, The Atomic Weight of Love|We have to take flight. It's not given to us, served up on a pretty, parsley-bordered platter. We have to take wing. Was I brave enough to do that? Or would I be content to remain earthbound?
Ashley Gardner, The Hanover Square Affair|I roamed alone;O, barren dreams.My echoed voice,what lonely comfort.Here is my salvation:I hear the triumph drum;the rhythm of the rising,the long-awaited sun.
Baron D. Holbach|It was clear to me that it wouldn't matter what I did - they would never truly appreciate me or learn what I had to offer. They were far beyond fickle - they were insensible, like kittens,predatory little things, distracted by the first bit of string or shiny bauble that rolled across the floor, and nothing I could ever say or do could possibly make any kind of dent in their willful ignorance.
Jill D. Block|If I'd learned nothing else in my twenty-seven years on this planet, I'd learned that when someone gives you something totally unexpected and undeserved, you don't ask questions.
Neil Gaiman, Preludes & Nocturnes|DEATH: "Mostly they aren't too keen to see me. They fear the sunless lands. But they enter your realm each night without fear."MORPHEUS: "And I am far more terrible than you, sister.
Graham Allison, Destined for War: Can America and China Escape Thucydides’s Trap?|Changing entrenched systems is daunting; the odds against reshaping the nation's police forces are high. But there are few things more important than making sure their profession is the brave, honorable service it should be. We have to do it, or watch our communities and our democracy disintegrate.
Francis of Assisi|And where I excel is ridiculous, sickening, work ethic. You know, while the other guy's sleeping? I'm working.
Bill Richardson, Bachelor Brothers' Bed & Breakfast|The heart, I think, which is the home of all things rhythmic, is where learned poems go to live.
Isabella Rossellini|Love bravely, live bravely, be courageous, there's really nothing to lose. There's no wrong you can't make right again, so be kinder to yourself, you know, have fun, take chances. There's no bounds.
Terry Pratchett, Carpe Jugulum|A smile, like the poet's muse,Inspires passion in the lover's heart
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Raced Fairyland All the Way Home|Do not say the land ahead does not exist, simply because you cannot see it.
John Ruskin|Even with all our technology and the inventions that make modern life so much easier than it once was, it takes just one big natural disaster to wipe all that away and remind us that, here on Earth, we're still at the mercy of nature.
James Lusarde, The Apartment of Sex|No words. Just my finger pointing in silence. My finger silently saying, ’Unwrap me, darling.
Elizabeth Goudge, The White Witch|One is seldom unchanged by the death of those one loves. It gives me a deeper knowledge of them, and so of oneself in regard to them.
Lady Gaga|To me, the greatest pleasure of writing is not what it's about, but the inner music that words make.
Hope Mirrlees, Lud-in-the-Mist|McAfee, I could try this case in my sleep and still win.""Guess that's your plan, then, since you're clearly dreaming.
Eugene V. Debs|I know it is very hard to rise above the influences of party prejudice. Often, it almost drowns the sentiment of patriotism. Party rancor and party hatred are the last serpents which the genius of patriotism can crush.
Chester Elijah Branch|Whether this tale be true or false, none can tell, for none were there to witness it themselves.
Ellen Emerson White, The Road Home|And I tell her about his description because I want her to know what I now know, which is that the place where the pepper grows is not a place to be afraid of…I tell her: Mama, exile is not always the darkest corner of the earth. Sometimes it is lush and plentiful, sometimes it is full of life…
Arkady Strugatsky, Roadside Picnic|How can I give up stalking when I have a family to feed? Get a job? I don't want to work for you, your work makes me puke, do you understand? This is the way I figure it: if a man works with you, he is always working for one of you, he is a slave and nothing else. And I always wanted to be myself, on my own, so that I could spit at you all, at your boredom and despair.
Steve Erickson|Coming from a small town, I didn't have big dreams. My biggest ambition was to find a job for myself.
lauren klarfeld|If you cannot afford yourself any luxuries for the time being, at least offer yourself the one priceless luxury no one can take away from you – your time
Mohammed Abdel-Mohsen|Good Things Never Stay ..This what People Say..So,When I met you I knew That Oneday ,You Will just Go Away !STILL...I'll pray & prayThat we walk The Same WAY ( :
Shannon L. Alder|We add caveats to prayers like seasoning to bad sauce. We hope for something else or something more, but we forget. Sometimes life isn’t the pleasure of the taste, rather the nutrition we get from it.
C.E. Montague, A Writer's Notes On His Trade|Each word's evocative value or virtue, its individual power of touching springs in the mind and of initiating visions, becomes a treasure to revel in. Besides this hold on affection a word may well have about it the glamorous prestige of high adventures in great company. Think of that the plain word "dust" calls to mind. "Then shall the dust return to the earth as it was." "Dust hath closed Helen's eye." "All follow this and come to dust." "The way to dusty death." So, to the lover of words, each word may be not a precious stone only, but one that has shone on Solomon's temple or in Cleopatra's hair.
Shannan Jacoby|I wrenched open the windows. I stood while the cold air poured around my face like dark water, as if I was a rock and it was chiselling me into a new shape.
Parker Bilal, The Golden Scales|Makana stared up at the stars and marvelled at how clear they were out here, so far from human habitation. It was remarkable, just how many there were. They felt comforting, despite his situation. They took him back to his life with Muna, the happiest time he could remember, when the world had been simple. Sitting out in the yard in the evenings, watching the sky revolve slowly around them. It seemed like another world.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Marry your friend, and you will be reasonably happy. Marry your lover, and you will be abundantly happy. Marry your soulmate, and you will be infinitely happy.
Iain M. Duguid, Esther & Ruth|This is, indeed, an insightful observation. The Archbishop [Joseph L. Berardin] insists that the natural resemblance between Christ and his priests must not stop merely with the fact that they share a common masculinity. Our question is, 'Why must it BEGIN there?' If the faithful cannot see Christ in a male who exemplifies no godlike virtues - humility, gentleness, and self-effacing service - can they not see him in a female who does? Indeed, if the priest acts 'in persona Christi,' not 'in masculinitate Christi,' then 'NATURAL resemblance' between Christ and the priest, it would seem, does not entail PHYSICAL, that is SEXUAL resemblance, but a resemblance which is natural to the SPIRITUAL order with which the worshiping congregation has to do. And in this order there is neither male nor female, even as there is neither Jew nor Greek. We would, therefore, conclude that since the Word was made flesh, as the apostle John has declared him (John 1:14), we rightly heed those who, in the flesh, symbolize his presence as they speak and act in his name. But we see no reason to add to what the apostle said by insisting that the Word was made MALE flesh, for both male and female are equally bearers of the divine image. And since God created humankind in his image, male AND female, we can only conclude that women as well as men should be ordained to the priesthood, because femaleness, like maleness, is a fitting symbol (sacramental sign) of Deity.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|The basis of Cosmic Ordering is the belief that the universe is not dead matter, but pure energy which responds to our vibrations and to our frequencies.
Matthew Perry|I'd love to be an artist that's multifaceted. At the moment, I am not. But wouldn't that be cool if I was like, 'Yeah, let me pull out my guitar and play you a song.' I would adore that. I am so far not gifted in that way. But I am a very hard worker and a very determined person, so who knows?
George Orwell, Politics and the English Language|These were the facts. Facts were important. They separated fiction from reality, the tawdry world of Mike Longshott from the concrete spaces of Joe's world.
Janis Joplin|The biggest problem is the funerals that don't exist. People call the funeral home, they pick up the body, they mail the ashes to you, no grief, no happiness, no remembrance, no nothing. That happens more often than it doesn't in the United States.
François Lelord, Hector and the Search for Happiness|Men who are afraid to feel must keep women around to do their feeling for them while dismissing us for the same supposedly "inferior" capacity to feel deeply. But in this way also, men deny themselves their own essential humanity, becoming trapped in dependency and fear.
Theodore Roosevelt|What is objectionable, what is dangerous about extremists is not that they are extreme, but that they are intolerant. The evil is not what they say about their cause, but what they say about their opponents.
Renee Vincent, The Temperate Warrior|Dying a thousand deaths in my head to protect you is better than losing you one time in the flesh."~ Gustaf Ræliksen
Sarah Dessen, Lock and Key|You get what you give, but also what you're willing to take.
Dada Bhagwan|Until egoism reaches the non-existent state, there is nothing but fear in the worldly life.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we put faith in Christ Jesus, we are justified by faith in Christ.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|Thank you, I think. And what is your name?" Keirah called out a bit more loudly, as she watched Darius retreat..."His name is of no consequence." A male's loud, booming voice came from behind the two men who remained. The sound of his voice was gritty, husky, and the sound brought a spark to Keirah's blood.
G.I. Gurdjieff|If you are going to sin, sin against God, not the bureaucracy. God will forgive you but the bureaucracy won't.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Fools|Kestrel's cruel calculation appalled her. This was part of what had made her resist the military: the fact that she could make decisions like this, that she did have a mind for strategy, that people could be so easily become pieces in a game she was determined to win...
Gail Blanke|Courage comes with action. The minute you step forward, the minute you declare your decision, the minute you say, "This is how it's going to go," courage comes. It floods through you and energizes every single fiber of your being. You don't have to wait for it. It'll be there.
Steven Pressfield, Do the Work|That’s how you tell what a man’s really made of. It’s one thing for a man to be big and brave and kill a spider. Any man could do that. Trailin’ after a woman when she’s shopping for thongs and push-up bras is a whole other category of man. And then if you want to see how far you can go with it, you ask him to carry one of those little pink bags they give you.
Lailah Gifty Akita|God's grace is sufficient for us to overcome any situation,
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|An intelligent, informed mind is more powerful than a loaded gun.
Austin Aragon, Travesty|Perhaps it started as a whisper in some white wilderness ... ' Jaycee's voice.The pain and the consciousness flooded back as the semantic trigger threw off the protective blackout. The mongol's eyes widened, and a vicious thrust to the solar plexus made Bron scream with what little breath he still retained.' ... a broken body, cradled in cold, crying futility unto a futile wind.''Jaycee, for God's sake stop it! Let me go.' He made no attempt at subvocalizing. It was as much as he could do to form the words at all. She was playing with him, deliberately using the trigger to keep him conscious so that his awareness of the torment would continue. Again and again the blows fell savagely.' ... the mind mazed not by the searing steel, the nibbling nerve ... ''Jaycee, in the name of pity!' He no longer cared whether he lived or died. All he wanted was release from the scientific and merciless battering which his body was taking.' ... some maimed martyr, crazed upon the cross, held up his head and cried unto the heavens: LORD, WHY HAST THOU FORSAKEN ME?
Melody  Lee|I loved you unabashedly in the rain, you were real, raw, accustomed to pain. I loved you mostly in the rain, where you exposed your broken soul, unashamed, dancing despite it all.
Richard Russo, Straight Man|Nor do I want the woman that I’m married to and that I love to leave me, but the thought of her doing so moves me in a way that our growing old together and contentedly slipping, in affectionate tandem, toward the grave does not.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|Somewhere out in the darkness, a phoenix was singing in a way Harry had never heard before: a stricken lament of terrible beauty. And Harry felt, as he had felt about phoenix song before, that the music was inside him, not without: It was his own grief turned magically to song..
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|It is often asked, “How could the early disciples turn the world upside downwhen millions of Christians can’t even keep it right side up today?” The answer is they didn’t conform their faith to match the world. They had the truth, and they refused to water it down. They had a faith that would not compromise.
Michael Eric Dyson|Obviously when you're a teen you have no money, so you make, like, three outfits out of one dress. You're like, 'OK cut the arms here. Alright: New party, cut them to here.'
Amos Tversky|It's frightening to think that you might not know something, but more frightening to think that, by and large, the world is run by people who have faith that they know exactly what is going on.
Sheri S. Tepper, Raising the Stones|There is no honour in battle, Dogalas. Men killing men.....no honour. Honour is doing a noble deed and living to tell about it." He glanced over at him. "Remember that.
Nick Hornby, The Polysyllabic Spree|All the books we own, both read and unread, are the fullest expression of self we have at our disposal. ... But with each passing year, and with each whimsical purchase, our libraries become more and more able to articulate who we are, whether we read the books or not.
Tim O'Brien, The Things They Carried|It’s a hard thing to explain to somebody who hasn’t felt it, but the presence of death and danger has a way of bringing you fully awake. It makes things vivid. When you’re afraid, really afraid, you see things you never saw before, you pay attention to the world. You make close friends. You become part of a tribe and you share the same blood- you give it together, you take it together.
George R.R. Martin|Besides, if one little kiss makes her a slut, I'd hate to know what that makes you.
Richard Rumbold|I never could believe that Providencehad sent a few men into the world,ready booted and spurred to ride, andmillions ready saddled and bridled to be ridden.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|Knowing that one thing you want is a great step. Sure, whether you prefer or not, you'll get offers, and many will seem that one thing you want.
Vladimir Nabokov, Lectures on Literature|In this course I have tried to reveal the mechanism of those wonderful toys — literary masterpieces. I have tried to make of you good readers who read books not for the infantile purpose of identifying oneself with the characters, and not for the adolescent purpose of learning to live, and not for the academic purpose of indulging in generalizations. I have tried to teach you to read books for the sake of their form, their visions, their art. I have tried to teach you to feel a shiver of artistic satisfaction, to share not the emotions of the people in the book but the emotions of its author — the joys and difficulties of creation. We did not talk around books, about books; we went to the center of this or that masterpiece, to the live heart of the matter.
Sarah Dessen|Can you remember when you finished primary, how about when you passed matric, graduation day, your learner's & license, getting your first salary slip and the most valuable of them all; having your first child, walking down the isle and even buying your first car:-) These are the common feelings from all those achievements: Gratitude, Fulfillment, Joy, Appreciation, Pride & your Worthiness. Now go achieve more
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|I’m seventeen years old, my name is Juan García Madero, and I’m in my first semester of law school. I wanted to study literature, not law, but my uncle insisted, and in the end I gave in. I’m an orphan, and someday I’ll be a lawyer. That’s what I told my aunt and uncle, and then I shut myself in my room and cried all night.
Shannon L. Alder|Distance and time might keep people apart, but the heart and mind will always stay connected by memories, miracles and the power of two unlikely souls that were destined to meet.
Stephen King, The Stand|Love didn't grow very well in a place where there was only fear, just as plants didn't grow very well in a place where it was always dark.
Norman MacCaig, The Many Days: Selected Poems|I project myself to love and devote my time and attention to someone without a reason, so at least I can give someone the feelings of being the most special person in someone’s life.
Elizabeth Coatsworth, Personal Geography: Almost an Autobiography|I say that almost everywhere there is beauty enough to fill a person's life if one would only be sensitive to it. but Henry says No: that broken beauty is only a torment, that one must have a whole beauty with man living in relation to it to have a rich civilization and art. . . . Is it because I am a woman that I accept what crumbs I may have, accept the hot-dog stands and amusement parks if I must, if the blue is bright beyond them and the sunset flushes the breasts of sea birds?
John F. Kennedy|The words 'Space Age' have a quaint, nostalgic tone - sitting on midcentury modern furniture watching 'The Jetsons.'
Foz Meadows|For centuries, no one was concerned that books weren’t girl-friendly, because no one really cared if girls read; but even so, we persisted for long enough that literature has slowly come to accommodate us. Modern boys, by contrast, are not trying to read in a culture of opposition. Nobody is telling them reading doesn’t matter, that boys don’t need to read and that actually, no prospective wife looks for literacy in a husband. Quite the opposite! Male literary culture thrives, both teachers and parents are throwing books at their sons, and the fact that the books aren’t sticking isn’t, as the nature of the complaint makes clear, because boys don’t like reading – no. The accusation is that boys don’t like reading about girls, which is a totally different matter.Because constantly, consistently, our supposedly equal society penalises boys who express an interest in anything feminine. The only time boys are discouraged from books all together is in contexts where, for whatever reason, they’ve been given the message that reading itself is girly – which is a wider extrapolation of the same problem.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Obsidian|Dee loves it here. Before you came, she spent most of her days here."To Daemon, my arrival was the beginning of the end. The apocalypse. Kat-mageddon. "You know, I'm not going to get your sister in trouble.""We'll see.
Kellan Lutz|By no definition of any modern scientist is intelligent design science, and it's a waste of our students' time to subject them to it.
Dave Eggers, A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius|And how did little Tim behave?” asked Mrs Cratchit, when she had rallied Bob on his credulity and Bob had hugged his daughter to his heart’s content. “As good as gold,” said Bob, “and better. Somehow he gets thoughtful, sitting by himself so much, and thinks the strangest things you ever heard. He told me, coming home, that he hoped the people saw him in the church, because he was a cripple, and it might be pleasant to them to remember upon Christmas Day, who made lame beggars walk, and blind men see.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|If you don't like something in your life, look only at who you are.
Nancy Glynn, Black 21|Yes, Daisy. Feel it,” he murmured against her mouth. “Feel what’s in my heart for you.” His hand slipped under the covers... - Christian Stone
Edward Abbey|One final paragraph of advice: do not burn yourselves out. Be as I am - a reluctant enthusiast....a part-time crusader, a half-hearted fanatic. Save the other half of yourselves and your lives for pleasure and adventure. It is not enough to fight for the land; it is even more important to enjoy it. While you can. While it’s still here. So get out there and hunt and fish and mess around with your friends, ramble out yonder and explore the forests, climb the mountains, bag the peaks, run the rivers, breathe deep of that yet sweet and lucid air, sit quietly for a while and contemplate the precious stillness, the lovely, mysterious, and awesome space. Enjoy yourselves, keep your brain in your head and your head firmly attached to the body, the body active and alive, and I promise you this much; I promise you this one sweet victory over our enemies, over those desk-bound men and women with their hearts in a safe deposit box, and their eyes hypnotized by desk calculators. I promise you this; You will outlive the bastards.
Christina Engela, Black Sunrise|Half-Lieutenant Marsh’k Kluss’ta was not a happy man. Naturally, that didn’t bother him as things were rarely otherwise. As the commanding sub-officer of the Black Sunrise, happiness was not a state of mind expected of him, though in reality – our reality – he was probably not such a bad person. The crew, though terrified of him even under normal circumstances, believed that he had the heart of a little child. (Let’s leave it at that, shall we?)
Henry David Thoreau, Slavery in Massachusetts|Never underestimate the power of human stupidity, especially when it comes to bureaucrats in a government who has no clueabout money matters
Rick Riordan, Camp Half-Blood Confidential|Don't destroy Half-Blood while we're gone," was Chiron's parting instruction. Argus pointed two fingers at his eyes and then at us. This took a few minutes since he has one hundred eyes, but we got the message - be good, or else.
Harper Lee, Go Set a Watchman|I mean this: every time I come home, I feel like I'm coming back to the world, and when I leave Macomb it's like leaving the world.
C.J. Carlyon|Love me like Saturday night, like three glasses of champagne, like the room is spinning, like you're drunk on my love.
Seth Godin, Unleashing the Ideavirus: Stop Marketing AT People! Turn Your Ideas into Epidemics by Helping Your Customers Do the Marketing thing for You.|I also wish I'd been born with a clearly defined talent for something, or else stupid.
Me|A friend: What book haven't you read yet?Me: I'm not sure. I have read the Percy Jackson series or Mortal Instrument series in a whil--Friend: I mean, like, a book you haven't read at all.Me: Oh. I'm not sure then, let me get back to you after I finish this six-book series.
Debasish Mridha|The universe created us for and with love, joy, charm and beauty; but we are always running behind what is dirty.
Summer Lane, Running with Wolves|We'll fight,' I interrupt. 'And if we die, that's how it ends. Fighting. With purpose.
Lee Bice-Matheson|Takes birth in me,also, dies in debris.I am a Potpourri.A mix of dead petals,effusing divine fragrance.Walking on the journey,of controversy.I am a Potpourri.
Plato, The Allegory of the Cave|It is the task of the enlightened not only to ascend to learning and to see the good but to be willing to descend again to those prisoners and to share their troubles and their honors, whether they are worth having or not. And this they must do, even with the prospect of death.
Conn Iggulden, Conqueror|History was more than just stories, he reminded himself as the men walked forward with their burdens. It taught lessons as well.
Russell Simmons|In tough times, some of us see protecting the climate as a luxury, but that's an outdated 20th-century worldview from a time when we thought industrialization was the end goal, waste was growth, and wealth meant a thick haze of air pollution.
Unknown|He gently takes the lead, and I trail behind him up the narrow spiral stairway at the back of the kitchen. His hand is warm, and holding it feels like the easiest thing in the world. Too easy. I’m going to get myself in trouble.
Emily Dickinson|Because I could not stop for Death,He kindly stopped for me;The carriage held but just ourselvesAnd Immortality.We slowly drove, he knew no haste,And I had put awayMy labour, and my leisure too,For his civility.We passed the school where children played,Their lessons scarcely done;We passed the fields of gazing grain,We passed the setting sun.We paused before a house that seemedA swelling of the ground;The roof was scarcely visible,The cornice but a mound.Since then 'tis centuries; but eachFeels shorter than the dayI first surmised the horses' headsWere toward eternity.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|Alex: "You asked earlier why us humans fear death. I suppose it is the unknown - not knowing what awaits on the other side. But now I know, and I still fear it."The Darkness: "?"Alex: "But now I fear the living - in fact, I now fear life more than death!
Laura Kaye, Dare to Resist|Since he couldn't give in to what he really wanted from Kady Dresco, he picked on her and snarked at her and generally gave her grief. And she gave it right back. Sometimes he thought they were engaged in one long round of mental foreplay.
L.A. Casey, Alec|Roses are read, violets are blue; I'm using my hand, but I'm thinking of you.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Good works is giving to the poor and the helpless, but divine works is showing them their worth to the One who matters.
Angela Y. Davis|We have inherited a fear of memories of slavery. It is as if to remember and acknowledge slavery would amount to our being consumed by it. As a matter of fact, in the popular black imagination, it is easier for us to construct ourselves as children of Africa, as the sons and daughters of kings and queens, and thereby ignore the Middle Passage and centuries of enforced servitude in the Americas. Although some of us might indeed be the descendants of African royalty, most of us are probably descendants of their subjects, the daughters and sons of African peasants or workers.
Domashita Romero, El Presidio Rides North|And then everything was in the hands of gravity, which has never had much love for the terminally stupid.
Charles F. Stanley|[Prayer] is the link between God's inexhaustible resources and people’s needs...God is the source of power, but we are the instrument He uses to link the two together.
Maya Angelou|Every single experience enriches the soul, like sun and water to the soil, depends how you make most of it.
Frederik L. Schodt, Professor Risley and the Imperial Japanese Troupe: How an American Acrobat Introduced Circus to Japan--and Japan to the West|In the Catskills, nostalgia runs backwards. The upwardly mobile Jewish masses of the 1950s and 1960s have been replaced by the Jews of 19th century Poland.
Andrea Dworkin|Feminism is a political practice of fighting male supremacy in behalf of women as a class, including all the women you don't like, including all the women you don't want to be around, including all the women who used to be your best friends whom you don't want anything to do with anymore. It doesn't matter who the individual women are. They all have the same vulnerability to rape, to battery, as children to incest. Poorer women have more vulnerability to prostitution, which is basically a form of sexual exploitation that is intolerable in an egalitarian society, which is the society we are fighting for.
Cherise Sinclair, To Command and Collar|You’re so damn big,” she whispered.“Why, thank you cariño,” he said.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Whatever happens when the seed meets the soil, the same thing happens when you meet the wisdom!
Madonna Ciccone|In journalism, we recognize a kind of hierarchy of fame among the famous. We measure it in two ways: by the length of an obituary and by how far in advance it is prepared. Presidents, former presidents, and certain heads of state are at the top of the chain.
Azin Sametipour, Tehran Moonlight|On the misty window of her room, she let her finger trace a broken line. She was that line.
Helen Hunt Jackson|Bee to the blossom, moth to the flame; Each to his passion; what's in a name? 
Franz Kafka|We need the books that affect us like a disaster, that grieve us deeply, like the death of someone we loved more than ourselves, like being banished into forests far from everyone, like a suicide. A book must be the axe for the frozen sea inside us.
Naomi Wolf, Give Me Liberty: A Handbook for American Revolutionaries|I try to construct a theory of how a moral person should live in these circumstances, and how such a person should love.
Plutarch, Lives of the Noble Greeks|If theft is advantageous to everyone who succeeds at it, and adultery is a good strategy, at least for males, for increasing presence in the gene pool, why do we feel they are wrong? Shouldn't the only morality that evolution produces be the kind Bill Clinton had - being sorry you got caught?
Cindy L. Rodriguez|Because no one can make another person happy", said George. "He was happy when he was with me, but otherwise he wasn't. That's not enough. I mean, in a relationship, you have your ups and downs, sure, and you help each other through, but if a person is genuinely unhappy, it won't work. No amount of love or laughter from the other person can fix that. Each person has to love and laugh on their own They need to feel it for real, deep down, in here.
Emmet Fox, The Sermon on the Mount: The Key to Success in Life|To the extent that we believe we can skip steps, avoid the process, magically gain power through political connections or easy formulas, or depend on our natural talents, we move against this grain and reverse our natural powers. We become slaves to time – as it passes, we grow weaker, less capable, trapped in some dead end career. We become captive to the opinions and fears of others.” (9) “This intense connection and desires allows them to withstand the pain of the process – the self-doubts, the tedious hours of practice and study, the inevitable setbacks, the endless barbs from the envious. They develop a resiliency and confidence that others lack.
Roddy Doyle|Exercise, from a public health perspective, is an unmitigated failure. The world's longest-lived people live in environments that nudge them into more movement. They don't use power tools, they do their own yard work, they grow a garden.
John Wesley|Organized religion, wielding power over the community, is antithetical to the process of what modern democracy should define as liberty. The sooner we are without it, the better.
Parker Posey|Usually, I work every day, seven days a week. When I go three days without writing, my body aches with anxiety; my mood is irritable. My night dreams grow wild with unconscious invention.
Goran Spasa|Be knowledgeable, but not realistic!
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Man suppresses the truth, mixes it with error, and develops the religions of the world.
Paulo Coelho, Eleven Minutes|Facing the difficulties, I can choose either to be a poor victim or a great adventurer.
J.R. Ward, Crave|He swiveled his head towards Eddie. "Tell me how to get over to the Four Lads. Do I have to die again?"If he did, he had a Beretta on him and he knew what kicking the bucket from a gunshot was like. Snore."Don't bother." Adrian cracked his knuckles. "They're not going to tell you anything. They can't."What the fuck? "I thought I worked for them.""You work for both sides, and they've given you all the help they can."Jim looked back and forth between the two angels. Each of them had the tight expression of a guy with a shoestring noosing up his balls."Help?" he said. "Where's my goddamned help?""They gave you us, asshole," Adrian snapped. "And that's all they can do--I've already gone over and asked them who's supposed to be next. I figured it would help you, you ungrateful bastard.
Nikos Kazantzakis, Zorba the Greek|How could I, who loved life so intensely, have let myself be entangled for so long in that balderdash of books and paper blackened with ink!
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|The wind god Favonius had warned him in Croatia: If you let your anger rule you … your fate will be even sadder than mine. But how could his fate be anything but sad? Even if he lived through this quest, he would have to leave both camps forever. That was the only way he would find peace. He wished there was another option – a choice that didn’t hurt like the waters of the Phlegethon – but he couldn’t see one.
TheKatAttack|Depression's a mood killer. People crowding you, asking if you're okay. Deperssion; the world's worst thing.
David Arnold|Ahhh." Anubis narrows his eyes at me. “I’ve given you inspiration. Now you’re thinking about bringing the lightbulb to ancient Egypt. It would be a hit––all those dark tombs.”You. I was thinking about you. His eyebrows rise. “Huh? Me?”Fluorine uranium carbon potassium. I said that out loud. "I mean," I stutter, "I was thinking about…unimolecular reactions.
Edmund Beecher Wilson|The Sufi way is through knowledge and practice, not through intellect and talk. As Prince Dara Shikoh says, in a Persian poem: Do you wish to be included with the Lords of Sight? From speech (then) pass on to experience. By saying 'Unity', you do not become a monotheist; The mouth does not become sweet from the word 'Sugar
Liza Palmer, Conversations With the Fat Girl|Because I have loved life, I shall have no sorrow to die.I have sent up my gladness on wings, to be lost in the blue of the sky.I have run and leaped with the rain, I have taken the wind to my breast.My cheek like a drowsy child to the face of the earth I have pressed.Because I have loved life, I shall have no sorrow to die.I have kissed young love on the lips, I have heard his song to the end.I have struck my hand like a seal in the loyal hand of a friend.I have known the peace of heaven, the comfort of work done well.I have longed for death in the darkness and risen alive out of hell.Because I have loved life, I shall have no sorrow to die.I give a share of my soul to the world where my course is run.I know that another shall finish the task I must leave undone.I know that no flower, nor flint was in vain on the path I trod.As one looks on a face through a window, through life I have looked on God.Because I have loved life, I shall have no sorrow to die.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Profound Living|A parent holds within their hands the gift of a child to which they must expend the gift of themselves. And in such a monumental outpouring, the parent will lose both the child and the gifts given, but they will possess the far greater gift of knowing that they gave both.
Michael Sheen|If the human condition were the periodic table, maybe love would be hydrogen at No. 1. Death would be helium at No. 2. Power, I reckon, would be where oxygen is.
Jerry Gladstone, The Common Thread of Overcoming Adversity and Living Your Dreams|Life with through punches at you and sometimes knock you down. Learn to take the hit ,but more importantly learn to get back up and keep punching every single day!
Bob Ross|The more we come out and do good to others, the more our hearts will be purified, and God will be in them.
Sabrina Jeffries, One Night with a Prince|The man is always the last to know whenCupid has struck him-Anonymous, Memoirs of a Mistress
Dara Reidyr|Mostly, it is lies that will destroy a relationship. Deceit is a barrier to intimacy. André Chevalier
Nikki Rowe|Selfish in his posture; material at his grasp, smirk upon his face; but this success will not last. For you see, son, his purpose; lost along the way, He started only living; for the dollar that he made. Never make that error; for a dime to loose sight of your seek, For value is not measured, by the wealth at your feet
Adam Levine|I think that the Information Age is great, but there's a downside to it obviously as well, and it's that false information can be perpetuated so quickly. And it's sad that so many people will believe it.
Chris Rose, 1 Dead in Attic: Post-Katrina Stories|If there was no New Orleans, America would just be a bunch of free people dying of boredom." -Judy Deck in an e-mail sent to Chris Rose
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|John Brooke is acting dreadfully, and Meg likes it!
Lauren DeStefano|People are constantly applying double standards. Take the United States, for example. Washington wants the whole world to admire the country for its democracy. Then the government sends out its army, in the name of this democracy, and leaves behind the kind of chaos we see in Iraq.
Ashay Abbhi|Though my eyes cannot see beyond what I can see, I can see beyond what I cannot see
Auliq Ice|It's hard to decide matters of the heart, especially when Self-love is rooted in our decisions. You'll need to balance your needs with the people you love in order to avoid hurting others.
Joseph Heller|There's nothing wrong with being a loser, it just depends on how good you are at it.
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|Farewells can be shattering, but returns are surely worse. Solid flesh can never live up to the bright shadow cast by its absence. Time and distance blur the edges; then suddenly the beloved has arrived, and it's noon with its merciless light, and every spot and pore and wrinkle and bristle stands clear.
Annie Barrows|But life never lets you go, does it? You can't put down life the way you put down a book.
Denis Villeneuve|So far as hypotheses are concerned, let no one expect anything certain from astronomy, which cannot furnish it, lest he accept as the truth ideas conceived for another purpose, and depart from this study a greater fool than when he entered it.
Paulo Coelho, The Witch Of Portobello|It is always a great honor to be the driver of your own car, to be the boss of your own fate!
Gabriel García Márquez, One Hundred Years of Solitude|Amaranta, however, whose hardness of heart frightened her, whose concentrated bitterness made her bitter, suddenly became clear to her in the final analysis as the most tender woman who had ever existed, and she understood with pitying clarity that the unjust tortures to which she had submitted Pietro Crespi had not been dictated by a desire for vengeance, as everyone had thought, nor had the slow martyrdom with which she had frustrated the life of Colonel Gerineldo Márquez been determined by the gall of her bitterness, as everyone had thought, but that both actions had been a mortal struggle between a measureless love and an invincible cowardice, and that the irrational fear that Amaranta had always had of her own tormented heart had triumphed in the end.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you do not stand firm in your faith, you will not stand at all.
Ben Aaronovitch, Moon Over Soho|Crime should not pay, it must be punished. Unfortunately, in Pakistan big crimes do get rewarded.
Neil Gaiman, Fragile Things: Short Fictions and Wonders|I’ve seen him before you know. In real life.” “What? When?” I catch a twinge of hurt in her voice for not filling her in on it earlier. “When I was at Sephora,” I tell her. “So he’s a metrosexual ghost as well?” Dex asks.
Katja Millay, The Sea of Tranquility|We don't have to know everything. If you believe in fate and some kind of meaning and sense in this fucked-up world, then believe with abandon, love. Enjoy it.
Aldous Huxley|My father always said, 'Malala will be free as a bird.'
Sara Sheridan|She wishes her grandmother had not been so protective, and that she understood better what passes between a man and woman. As it is, she simply enjoys the feelings and wonders if they are what lightning is made of, for everything comes back to the weather. Tears like rain. Smiles like the sun. Hair as dry as sand and fear like the dark ocean.
Bob Dylan|A good compromise, a good piece of legislation, is like a good sentence; or a good piece of music. Everybody can recognize it. They say, 'Huh. It works. It makes sense.'
Jonathan Brown|Of course great hotels have always been social ideas, flawless mirrors to the particular societies they service.
Gene Roddenberry|The longest and most destructive party ever held is now into its fourth generation and still no one shows any signs of leaving. Somebody did once look at his watch, but that was eleven years ago now, and there has been no follow up.
Roxanne Snopek, The Millionaire Daddy Project|It’s about showing someone you care for them, wanting them to care for you, doing things they like because you want them to be happy. Because their happiness makes you happy. That’s love, Dane. That’s how you’ll win…your daughter over.
George Orwell, Facing Unpleasant Facts: Narrative Essays|Every line of serious work that I have written since 1936 has been written, directly or indirectly, against totalitarianism and for democratic socialism, as I understand it. It seems to me nonsense, in a period like our own, to think that one can avoid writing of such subjects. Everyone writes of them in one guise or another. It is simply a question of which side one takes and what approach one follows. And the more one is conscious of one's political bias, the more chance one has of acting politically without sacrificing one's aesthetic and intellectual integrity.
J.L. McCoy, The Original Sin|How does one go on after doing such unspeakable things? It'sall rather simple, really," he continued, speaking in someone else's voice. "Say to yourself, 'What things?' And it becomes clear...you are blameless. They brought it on themselves. What have they ever done for you except control your life? They tore you away from your sister; they ripped you from your home. Did you ask to be saved? No! Forget them and start over...with us, your true family, my Corcitura, my own.
Ving Rhames|Fiction leaves us so much work to do, allows the individual so much input; you have to see, you have to hear, you have to taste the madeleine, and while you are seemingly passive in your chair, you have to travel.
Mike McCaul|For something that's supposed to be secret, there is a lot of intelligence history. Every time I read one book, two more are published.
Cherise Sinclair, To Command and Collar|She couldn’t take her eyes from the dancing flame. No, this was so wrong. Candles should be used for meditation…for romance. Or on a birthday cake at least.So where was the cake? The present? The song? As he stepped closer to her—as the damned flame got way too close—she started singing. “Happy birthday to me. Happy birthday to me…” Marcus paused, looking at her in disbelief. See. I knew he didn’t have a sense of humor. “Happy birthday, dear Gabi”—she lifted her head and blew out the candle—“happy birthday to me.
Chögyam Trungpa, Cutting Through Spiritual Materialism|Are the great spiritual teachings really advocating that we fight evil because we are on the side of light, the side of peace? Are they telling us to fight against that other 'undesirable' side, the bad and the black. That is a big question. If there is wisdom in the sacred teachings, there should not be any war. As long as a person is involved with warfare, trying to defend or attack, then his action is not sacred; it is mundane, dualistic, a battlefield situation.
Stefan Molyneux|Many people are seeking, at this very moment, to shelter themselves under the wing of the federal eagle; imagining, I presume, that her bosom has all the softness and snugness of an eider-down pillow. But she has no great tenderness, even in her best of moods, and, sooner or later, --oftener sooner than late,-- is apt to fling off her nestlings with a scratch of her claw, a dab of her beak, or a rankling wound from her barbed arrows.
Arthur Conan Doyle|Is your dog in a coma?" Quinn asked when the dog didn't move a muscle."No. Lump leads an active and demanding internal life that requires long periods of rest.
- Nirav Sanchaniya|I was not looking for HIM, he was just always there, the little BOY! I have not seen HIM, because I did not want to see, but HE was standing next to my bed every night, the little BOY! I have not heard their cry because I have forbidden HIM there to cry. But one day, when I woke up, did I knew seen, so sad and lonely! I wanted to tell HIM that it's all going to be good. But I could not because I knew that it is not so! And we both cried, I and the LITTLE BOY IN ME!
Raquel Cassidy|I have won many awards and I am very happy about this, but I am not the best player in the world.
Edward Lee Thorndike, The Psychology of Arithmetic|Seven Rules Formulated for Teaching Arithmetic:1) Consider the situation the pupils faces.2) Consider the response you wish to connect with.3) Form the bond; do not expect it to come by miracle.4) Other things being equal, form no bond that will have to be broken.5) Other things being equal, do not form two or three bonds when one will serve.6) Other things being equal, form bonds in the way that they are required later to act.7) Favor, therefore, the situations which life itself will offer, and the responses which life itself will demand. (p. 101)
Dauglas Dauglas, Roses in the Rainbow|Until a man comes to saving grace in Christ, everything he prides himself of knowing or having is a lie.
Vivien Alcock, The Mysterious Mr. Ross|We need never to be hopeless, because we can never be irreparably broken.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|The same styles you used earlier may become monotonous over time. You want to remain relevant, so you got to change that style. Reinvent yourself always: You must create a new you
Rebecca Solnit, Men Explain Things to Me|At my glummest, I sometimes think women get to chose- between being punished for being unsubjugated and the continual punishment of subjugation.
Laura L. Sullivan, Love by the Morning Star|Anna gave her that disjointed look with which so many people regarded Hannah, as if they has fallen too many words behind to ever catch up.
Annabel Lyon, The Golden Mean|He was walking around in circles, the smell of the old furniture suddenly very distinct. There was a newspaper in his hand and he started reading it, paying particular attention to the headlines which seemed to be floating towards him so that now a band of black print encircled his forehead. He was curled upon the bed, hugging his knees, when the next horror came upon him: those who heard him last night would now have to report his theft, and his employer would call the police. He saw how the policeman took the telephone call at the station; how his name and address were spoken out loud; how he looked down at the floor as they led him away; how he was in the dock, forced to answer questions about himself, and now he was in a cell and had lost control of his own body. He was staring out of the window at the passing clouds when it occurred to him that he should write to his employer, explaining his drunkenness and confessing that he invented the story of theft; but who would believe him? It was always said that in drink there was truth, and perhaps it was true that he was a convicted thief. He began to sing,One fine day in the middle of the night,Two dead men got up to fightand then he knew what was meant by madness.
Eric Maskin|My folks were busy. My dad was a teacher, and it was during the Second World War, and my mother was working. So I got my stories from films and books. I read a lot, and I love to read to this day.
Mariel Hemingway, Invisible Girl|Babies have the power to make grumpy people happy because they love you no matter what. Dogs are that way, too.
Brandon R. Chinn, First Fragment|Red, orange and green geometric designs painted its body as well as the flimsy collar around its neck. The creature flicked its tail and blinked its deep-set eyes, apparently oblivious to their presence."That's a yraglian lizard," Deven whispered. "We need to stay back. They smell really bad if you upset them. I mean, really, really bad."Dirck nodded, unsurprised that the first native creature he encountered on Cyraria represented it so well.
Jerzy Kosiński, Steps|But I never just quite liked that ryhme.''Why not, child?''Because it seems to say one's as good as another, or two new ones are better than one that's lost. . . . Somehow, when once you've looked into anybody's eyes, right deep down into them, I mean, nobody will do for that one any more. Nobody, ever so beautiful or so good, will make up for that one going out of sight.
Virginia Woolf, The Waves|But for pain words are lacking. There should be cries, cracks, fissures, whiteness passing over chintz covers, interference with the sense of time, of space; the sense also of extreme fixity in passing objects; and sounds very remote and then very close; flesh being gashed and blood spurting, a joint suddenly twisted - beneath all of which appears something very important, yet remote, to be just held in solitude.
Abhijit Naskar|Religions began as realization of the self, but ended up being retaliation against each other.
Wilson M. Mukama|Stupidity is a pretence to know unkowns, where as learning is a solution
Susan Andersen, Burning Up|This is where we go our seperate ways.Aware of the almost feel of his hand on my arm when he pulls me back to him and says, "Yes."I look at him, unsure of what he's saying yes to."The questions you asked earlier, about wanting to settle down, start a family, see my family? Yes. Yes to all of it."I try to swallow but can't, try to speak but the words just won't come.His hands sliding around me, grasping me to him, he lets go of the vial, allows it to fall, to crash to the ground. The sparkling green liquid seeping out all around as he says, "But mostly yes to you.
Jo Grafford, Viking For Hire|My heart might very well beat itself from my chest," she whispered, "and 'tis difficult to breathe.""How odd." Passion thickened his voice. "I seem to be suffering the same symptoms. Does anything else plague you?""A terrible weakness," she whispered shakily. "If you let me go, I am not entirely certain I shall be able to stand."He buried his face in her neck. "Then I shall never let you go.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Strategic Spiritual Warfare|HE TEN LEPERS: Handling ingratitude with disapproval-And Jesus Answer, were there not 10 cleansed but where are 9?
Miroslav Volf|Forgiveness flounders because I exclude the enemy from the community ofhumans even as I exclude myself from the community of sinners. But no onecan be in the presence of the God of the crucified Messiah for long withoutovercoming this double exclusion — without transposing the enemy from thesphere of the monstrous… into the sphere of shared humanity and herself fromthe sphere of proud innocence into the sphere of common sinfulness. Whenone knows [as the cross demonstrates] that the torturer will not eternallytriumph over the victim, one is free to rediscover that person’s humanity andimitate God’s love for him. And when one knows [as the cross demonstrates]that God’s love is greater than all sin, one is free to see oneself in the light ofGod’s justice and so rediscover one’s own sinfulness.
