Rafael Nadal|What did I discover during my solo—besides learning to unwrap my energy bar ahead of time? That you ask yourself a lot of questions when you're alone on a bike for that long. One question more than others: Why the heck am I doing this? When I was done, I think I had found the answer: For the satisfaction that comes with pushing your body to the breaking point and conquering the unknown.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Dandelions: The Disappearance of Annabelle Fancher|Frozen yogurt is tastier than ice cream; nobody is too old for cartoons; bald men are sexy; chocolate is the best medicine; BIG books are better; cats secretly rule the planet; and everything should be available in the color pink, including monster trucks.
Stephanie Coontz|It wasn't until the 1920s that a bare majority of children grew up in families where the father's labor purchased the family's provisions, while their mother did unpaid child care, elder care, and housework.The Great Depression and World War II disrupted this family form, but it roared back in the 1950s, when the percentage of wives and mothers who were supported entirely by their husbands' wages reached a high that has never been equaled, before or since.
Margaret Atwood, The Robber Bride|Condoms seemed to her inherently wicked. But they were also inherently funny. They were like rubber gloves with only one finger, and every time she saw one she had to be severe with herself or she’d get the giggles, a terrifying thought because the man might think you were laughing at him, at his dick, at its size, and that would be fatal.
Sayed Kashua|On the morning of Thanksgiving, I would wake up to the home smelling of all good things, wafting upstairs to my room. I would set the table with the fancy silverware and china and hope that my parents and grandmother wouldn't have the annual Thanksgiving fight about Richard Nixon.
Debasish Mridha|Human life is a great story written by the mysterious, mystical and magical human mind.
Charles Murray, Coming Apart: The State of White America, 1960-2010|Data can bear on policy issues, but many of our opinions about policy are grounded in premises about the nature of human life and human society that are beyond the reach of data.
Chuck Palahniuk, Rant|If you look at old pictures, Irene Casey is so pretty. Not just young, but pretty the way you look when your face goes smooth, the skin around your eyes and lips relaxed, the pretty you only look when you love the person taking the picture.
Dominique Eastwick, Siren's Serenade|I think you’ll find since I already love you, your Siren’s serenade will have no effect on me.
Carol Cassella|Tears of grief are unique. They contain chemicals that aren't found in the more mundane droplets of moisture that bathe the eyes, as if our tears wash us free of some noxious cause of sorrow. And tonight, after crying until I am empty, I have a rare glimpse of my own interior landscape - wounds piled like tiny skeletons into the reef of conscious adult life. I am aground amid my conquered traumas, stranded as a consequence of my achievements.
Heather   Hackett, Restless: Memoir of an Incurable Traveller|I learnt a lot from the simple lives our friends lived. I saw them living with so much less than we, as westerners, were used to. I couldn't even begin to imagine how to prepare a meal for four people using a bucket, one saucepan and a wok. More than likely, I would have been outraged if asked to do so. I can hear myself saying words to the effect of, ‘Bugger off! Let’s just get take out.’ Anyone who knew me would have known better than to ask.
Wendy Davis|I hope telling the story of how I went from being a single mom to serving in the Texas State Senate to running for governor will remind others that with the right leadership in government, where you start has nothing to do with how far you go.
O. J. Simpson|Because its hard to realize now that that was the end of the great depression, you know. All of a sudden all of this is in front of me and I'm solvent, you know. I'm making some money and I know where my next meal is coming from, and I have a new pair of shoes and that's it.
Guillaume Musso, Que serais-je sans toi?|I lit the candles and said out loud, “what am I waiting on? Someone to sell them in a garage sale for a quarter after I die?” And it was beautiful. And the smell was even more incredible than I remembered.
Ravi Zacharias, Jesus Among Other Gods: The Absolute Claims of the Christian Message|The first and foremost reality is that suffering and death are not only enemies of life, but a means of reminding us of life's twin realities, love and hate.
Jim Jordan|Making a record? You've got to have the song, then you create a record. I think it's the same with a live performance. If the material is strong, you're already 90% there. I always tell young people it's all about the music, the songs. Work on the songs, work on the songs, work on the songs.
Leon Trotsky|You may not be interested in war, but war is interested in you.
Cornel West, Democracy Matters: Winning the Fight Against Imperialism|To be a Christian - a follower of Jesus Christ - is to love wisdom, love justice, and love freedom.
Derek Landy, Mortal Coil|Her smile, I'm sure, burnt Rome to the ground.
Sting, Nothing Like the Sun|Jane! will you hear reason?' (he stooped and approached his lips to my ear) 'because, if you won't, I'll try violence.
Ayman Odeh|The best therapists can do with sadness, anger, and anxiety is to help patients live in the more comfortable part of their set range.
Ray Bradbury, The October Country|People die every day, psychologically speaking. Some part of them gets tired. And that small part tries to kill off the entire person.
Dana Marton, Flash Fire|She sighed. "You're not without fault, but you're not rotten. Although you're very disorderly. You're pigheaded, cocky beyond bearing, arrogant." She stopped when she realized she'd just said the same thing three times over. "You have a troubling obsession with vigilante justice." She cleared her throat. "Well, I'm sure there are things you don't like about me."	"You're not naked, and you're not under me." His voice was thick with passion.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|I have noticed that most times, the least that you give out is the best that someone really needs. So, don't always wait till you have something big to give before you do so! Someone's "big" is your "little"!
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Many „pathogens“ (both chemical and behavioral) can influence how you turn out; these include substance abuse by a mother during pregnancy, maternal stress, and low birth weight. As a child grows, neglect, physical abuse, and head injury can cause problems in mental development. Once the child is grown, substance abuse and exposure to a variety of toxins can damage the brain, modifying intelligence, aggression, and decision-making abilities. The major public health movement to remove lead-based paint grew out of an understanding that even low levels of lead can cause brain damage that makes children less inteligent and, in some cases, more impulsive and aggressive. How you turn out depends on where you´ve been. So when it comes to thinking about blameworthiness, the first difficulty to consider is that people do not choose their own developmental path.It´s problematic to imagine yourself in the shoes of a criminal and conclude, „Well, I wouldn´t have done that“ – because if you weren´t exposed to in utero cocaine, lead poisoning, or physical abuse, and he was, then you and he are not directly comparable.
Jane Badler|Every time I decide I want a child I get another pet. I have 3 dogs, 13 birds and 3 horses, what does that tell you?
Terry Goodkind, The Pillars of Creation|A postsexist environment is not something that animal liberationists need passively await, in the meantime deferring to present sexism in the manner of our presentation.
Felicity Chapman|If you have ever felt slightly nauseous walking through an aged care facility, puckered your face against a smell, observed a grown woman clutching a dolly with desperation, felt a flood of melancholy as death fills your view – then you are in a perfect position to be a supportive psychotherapist for those whose lives are peppered with this everyday.
Stokely Carmichael, Black Power: The Politics of Liberation|Racism is both overt and covert. It takes two, closely related forms: individual whites acting against individual blacks, and acts by the total white community against the black community. We call these individual racism and institutional racism. The first consists of overt acts by individuals, which cause death, injury or the violent destruction of property. This type can be recorded by television cameras; it can frequently be observed in the process of commission. The second type is less overt, far more subtle, less identifiable in terms of specific individuals committing the acts. But it is no less destructive of human life. The second type originates in the operation of established and respected forces in the society, and thus receives far less public condemnation than the first type. When white terrorists bomb a black church and kill five black children, that is an act of individual racism, widely deplored by most segments of the society. But when in that same city - Birmingham, Alabama - five hundred black babies die each year because of the lack of proper food, shelter and medical facilities, and thousands more are destroyed and maimed physically, emotionally and intellectually because of conditions of poverty and discrimination in the black community, that is a function of institutional racism. When a black family moves into a home in a white neighborhood and is stoned, burned or routed out, they are victims of an overt act of individual racism which many people will condemn - at least in words. But it is institutional racism that keeps black people locked in dilapidated slum tenements, subject to the daily prey of exploitative slumlords, merchants, loan sharks and discriminatory real estate agents. The society either pretends it does not know of this latter situation, or is in fact incapable of doing anything meaningful about it.
Mikhail Bulgakov|God created things which had free will. That means creatures which can go wrong or right. Some people think they can imagine a creature which was free but had no possibility of going wrong, but I can't. If a thing is free to be good it's also free to be bad. And free will is what has made evil possible. Why, then, did God give them free will? Because free will, though it makes evil possible, is also the only thing that makes possible any love or goodness or joy worth having. A world of automata -of creatures that worked like machines- would hardly be worth creating. The happiness which God designs for His higher creatures is the happiness of being freely, voluntarily united to Him and to each other in an ecstasy of love and delight compared with which the most rapturous love between a man and a woman on this earth is mere milk and water. And for that they've got to be free.Of course God knew what would happen if they used their freedom the wrong way: apparently, He thought it worth the risk. (...) If God thinks this state of war in the universe a price worth paying for free will -that is, for making a real world in which creatures can do real good or harm and something of real importance can happen, instead of a toy world which only moves when He pulls the strings- then we may take it it is worth paying.
Roberta Pearce, Famous Penultimate Words|When just a kid, moved back to Canada and looking for a taste of England, I’d picked up a book of my Gram’s, a dog-eared romance from the ’sixties about English hospital ‘sisters’ trying to get it on with the doctors, and thought it very shocking behaviour for nuns.
Robert Silverberg, The Masks of Time|Can the future hsitory of the world be so fragile that it will not allow two high school teachers to meet and fall in love? To marry, to dance to Beatles tunes like "I Want to Hold Your Hand," and live unremarkable lives?
Nikki Rowe|The world is a big place for a little heart like mine, I have kept it locked away until I meet warrior that tames my wild.
Yōko Ogawa, The Housekeeper and the Professor|To return to the general analysis of the Rosicrucian outlook. Magic was a dominating factor, working as a mathematics-mechanics in the lower world, as celestial mathematics in the celestial world, and as angelic conjuration in the supercelestial world. One cannot leave out the angels in this world view, however much it may have been advancing towards the scientific revolution. The religious outlook is bound up with the idea that penetration has been made into higher angelic spheres in which all religions were seen as one; and it is the angels who are believed to illuminate man's intellectual activities.In the earlier Renaissance, the magi had been careful to use only the forms of magic operating in the elemental or celestial spheres, using talismans and various rituals to draw down favourable influences from the stars. The magic of a bold operator like Dee, aims beyond the stars, aims at doing the supercelestial mathematical magic, the angel-conjuring magic. Dee firmly believed that he had gained contact with good angels from whom he learned advancement in knowledge. This sense of close contact with angels or spiritual beings is the hallmark of the Rosicrucian. It is this which infuses his technology, however practical and successful and entirely rational in its new understanding of mathematical techniques, with an unearthly air, and makes him suspect as possibly in contact, not with angels, but with devils.
Rachel Hunter|I don't think any of the early Romantic composers knew how to write for the piano... The music of that era is full of empty theatrical gestures, full of exhibitionism, and it has a worldly, hedonistic quality that simply turns me off.
Robert Fanney|Othalas: Words. What are they but shadows on a page or howling on the wind? They are as ever-changing as the mists below us and it is just as easy to lose sense of yourself among them. I am older than most sorcerers so what I know may, indeed, be close to the truth. Magic, wyrd, words, dreams, they all come from the spirit. Within them lie both power and peril. For to misuse any is to warp your sense of self. To lie in words, or in magic, or in dreams -- that is how you become lost. The lights you see, they were lost long before they came to the Vale. 
Mehmet Oz|The thing about all my food is that everything is a remembered flavor. Maybe it's something I had as a child or maybe it's something I had in Milan, but I want it to taste better than you ever thought.
Fakeer Ishavardas|Tantric scholars and Kundalini gurus often draw a distinction between the chakras as witnessed through Kundalini experiences and the Westernized model of the chakras as a "personal growth system." Some claim that this distinction is so great that there is no meaningful relationship between the two...yet I do not see these experiences as unrelated, but existing on a continuum. I firmly believe that clearing the chakras through understanding their nature, practicing related exercises and using visualization and meditation, prepares the way for a spiritual opening that is apt to be less tumultuous than is so often the case for Kundalini awakenings. I believe this Westernization is an important step for speaking to the Western mind in a way that is harmonious with the circumstances in which we live, rather than antithetical to it. It gives us a context in which these experiences can occur.Likewise, there are many who say that the chakras, as vortices in the subtle body, have nothing whatsoever to do with the physical body or the central nerve ganglia emanating from teh spinal column, and that a spiritual awakening is not a somatic experience. Because an experience is not *entirely* somatic does not mean that its somatic aspect is negated.... I believe this view is just more evidence of the divorce between spirit and body that I find to be the primary illusion from which we must awaken.
Mark Lawrence, Prince of Thorns|This was worse than a coke binge. Worse than black tar or the thrill of E. This was the devil himself snaking his way inside of my heart and bending me to his will. This was addiction, quickly morphing into obsession. And somewhere in the clouded fog that was my brain, I knew this was a game I was going to lose.
Barbara Demick, Nothing to Envy: Ordinary Lives in North Korea|Tech-savvy types had figured out how to get around the system. With radios it was easy—open up the set, cut the conveyor belt attached to the dial, and replace it with a rubber band that could turn the dial wherever you liked. Television required a little more expertise.
Erich Fromm|One never learns how the witch became wicked, or whether that was the right choice for her - is it ever the right choice? Does the devil ever struggle to be good again, or if so is he not a devil? It is at the very least a question of definitions.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The demands of the science, of the ethics and of the reason are superior to the demands of the people!
Neil deGrasse Tyson|I was transformed by picking up a pair of binoculars and looking up, and that's hard to do for a city kid because when you look up you just see buildings - and really, your first thought is to look in people's windows. So to look out of the space - out of living space - and look up to the sky, binoculars go far, literally and figuratively.
Gyalwa Dokhampa, The Restful Mind|Western "freedom" is a sophisticated form of control.
Marc Newson|I think space, architectural space, is my thing. It's not about facade, elevation, making image, making money. My passion is creating space.
Gregory Maguire, Son of a Witch|I believe that when a woman is given the chance to come to the defense of another woman, that is an opportunity that she should take in behalf of not only that woman; but in behalf of herself and all other women, everywhere. Men don't have low opinions of women because women are sluts and whores; but men have low opinions of women because they see how women compete with one another, pull one another down in order to rise above and backbite one another endlessly. There are men who have low opinions of women because of how women treat other women. They see that and they think, "What kind of a species can do that to their own species?" So if you really want the guy, why not get him by showing him what a true friend you are to your girlfriends? Or by showing him how happy you are for the good fortune of another woman and how much you admire her? And if he doesn't appreciate that then he doesn't deserve you! I know we've got a long, long way to go before we change the way our gender treats one another; but it's got to start somewhere and I suggest we start right now.
Barry  Webster, The Lava in My Bones|Sam believes now that people repeatedly collide with each other swiftly, brutally – not to produce children but to shatter their sense of self, and be thrust into a creative space beyond reason, where anything can happen. Only through the destruction of psychological borders is freedom possible.
Marlena de Blasi, A Thousand Days in Venice|It never leaves, not with someone we love. Their presence burns too vivid in our memories. Happen that is as it should be, for otherwise we would too easy forget.
Loriliai Biernacki, Renowned Goddess of Desire: Women, Sex, and Speech in Tantra|The feet and their tappingWrite many a lovely coupletThe body dances to your rhythm O lordAfter all, you are the master and I a puppet
Stephanie Barron|The boy was beginning to understand that intuition is really a sudden immersion of the soul into the universal current of life, where the histories of all people are connected, and we are able to know everything, because it's all written there.
Deborah Tannen|When two people in an intimate-couple relationship look at their interactions as opportunities to learn about themselves instead of change each other, they are infusing their relationship with the energy of spiritual partnership.
Isabel Allende|My death..I mean..will it be quick,and with dignity? How will i know when the end is coming?""When you vomit blood,sir," Tao Chi'en said sadly.That happened three weeks later,in the middle of Pacific,in the privacy of the captain's cabin. As soon as he could stand , the old seaman cleaned up the traces of his vomit, rinsed out his mouth , changed his bloody shirt, lighted his pipe, and went to the bow of his ship , where he stood and looked for the last time at the stars winking in a sky of black velvet. Several sailors saw him and waited at a distance, caps in hands. When he had smoked the last of his tobacco, Captain John Sommers put his legs over the rail and noiselessly dropped into the sea.-Portrait in Sepia by Isabel Allende.
Alan Connor, Two Girls, One on Each Knee (7): The Puzzling, Playful World of the Crossword|It's from the newspapers that people I know - relatives and co-workers - have got the idea that crosswords are a prophylactic against Alzheimer's. Newspapers are of course also the place where crosswords (and now sudokus) are most readily available, so the association is presumably good for circulation.
Thomas Jefferson|If you are a pastor there is no way you can lose faith without losing face, you are considered the devil incarnate by your former congregation
Rebecca Traister|As the second decade of the twenty-first century has worn on, politicians of all stripes, aware of the political power of the unmarried woman yet seemingly incapable of understanding female life outside of a marital context, have come to rely on a metaphor in which American women, no longer bound to men, are binding themselves to government.
Ryanne Salve, She's Older Than Me|Don’t take it so hard, Joel,” Johnson cut in. “After all, prayer isnot the monopoly of one.” (Chapter 18)
Liam Hemsworth|I was a good student until I turned 15. Then, all of a sudden, it didn't matter to me anymore. Isn't that funny. I don't want to go to college. I always knew that. But it's hard. My friends are going, and I feel a little left behind.
Maya Angelou|You can't use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have.
Richard Walter|Open the curtains of your mind, my friend; let the world know who you are! Do not hide your ideas; set them free, let them free! Open the curtains! Feel no fear! If there is truth in your ideas, you become invincible!
Richard C. Wydick, Plain English for Lawyers|Do you want to know about what is consideration contract law? Contact My Law Tutors, we are law tuition provider. Our skilled staff can teach you a-level revision about contract law.
Max McKeown, #NOW: The Surprising Truth About the Power of Now|If life is fast, live faster.
Rohit Omar|Aspirations; be careful with those, if noble they will emancipate you, if corrupt you will be condemned
Socrates|Surround yourself with human beings, my dear James. They are easier to fight for than principles.
Logan Henderson|At the risk of appearing disingenuous, I don't really think of myself as 'writing humor.' I'm simply reporting on the world I observe, which is frequently hilarious.
Thucydides, History of the Peloponnesian War|Under democracy one party always devotes its chief energies to trying to prove that the other party is unfit to rule—and both commonly succeed, and are right.
John Kennedy Toole, The Neon Bible|It is under all circumstances an advantage to be in full possession of one's personality, otherwise the repressed elements will only crop up as a hindrance elsewhere, not just at some unimportant point, but at the very spot where we are most sensitive. If people can be educated to see the shadow-side of their nature clearly, it may be hoped that they will also learn to understand and love their fellow men better. A little less hypocrisy and a little more self-knowledge can only have good results in respect for our neighbor; for we are all too prone to transfer to our fellows the injustice and violence we inflict upon our own natures.
David J. Anderson|Unlike science, creationism cannot predict anything, and it cannot provide satisfactory answers about the past.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The dimension of space and time, represented by what is transpiring in the here and now, is all that we will ever know. Unlike the continuum of perpetual time and infinite space, everything that we know will experience disruption, dissolution, disintegration, dismemberment, and death. The inevitability of our ending represents the tragic comedy of life. Much of our needless suffering emanates from resisting our impermanence rather than embracing our fate. Only through acceptance of the events and situations that occur in a person’s life including suffering, and by releasing our attachments, will a person ever experience enlightenment.
Maria Dahvana Headley, Magonia|I can hear my mom.I can hear her take a deep breath. I hear her pushing words out, and I can almost see her, for a second, the look on her face, her hand pressed to her own heart, the other in a fist."You can go if you have to go," my mom says, and her voice shakes, but she's solid. She says it again, so I'll know. "You can go if you have to go, okay, baby? Don't wait for me. I love you, you're mine, you'll always be mine, and this is going to be okay, you're safe, baby, you're safe-"...And after that? There's nothing.
Charlotte Perkins Gilman, The Yellow Wall-Paper|I really have discovered something at last. Through watching so much at night, when it changes so, I have finally found out. The front pattern does move - and no wonder! The woman behind shakes it! Sometimes I think there are a great many women behind, and sometimes only one, and she crawls around fast, and her crawling shakes it all over. Then in the very ' bright spots she keeps still, and in the very shady spots she just takes hold of the bars and shakes them hard. And she is all the time trying to climb through. But nobody could climb through that pattern - it strangles so:...
Jorge Luis Borges, Collected Fictions|If your preaching of the gospel of God's free grace in Jesus Christ does not provoke the charge from some of antinomianism, you're not preaching the gospel of the free grace of God in Jesus Christ.
Lydia Minatoya, The Strangeness of Beauty|Why do I write? Because, I am able to create wonders with a click of my keyboard. I turn my computer on, and suddenly, I’m whisked into a world full of wonder and amazement. The universe bends to my will and defies physics. But when the afternoon arrives, I must return to my duties. I leave the comfort of my home and crawl through the elementary school carpool line. When I see the brightened faces of my children, my heart flutters, and I realize I can live with a few straggling toys … as long as I can escape into the shower later.
Athenaeus|Employees are a company's greatest asset - they're your competitive advantage. You want to attract and retain the best; provide them with encouragement, stimulus, and make them feel that they are an integral part of the company's mission.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann, Love Poems: Love Conquers All|She is my morning, she is my evening; we have a love that blooms over and again, more beautifully each time than the last.
Christopher Walken|If you die you're completely happy and your soul somewhere lives on. I'm not afraid of dying. Total peace after death, becoming someone else is the best hope I've got.
Emily Rapp, The Still Point of the Turning World|You can, for just a moment, fuse grief like a bone, but the memory of the ability to bend lingers inside, like an itch running in the blood, just beneath the skin: relief is always only temporary. Grief, we understood, would now hijack a part of our day for the rest of our lives, sneaking in, making the world momentarily stop, every day, forever.
Jennifer Arnett|Oh sky...I won't ask so much as to become the sun or the moon, just one of the stars in between...
Ilchi Lee, Inspiration for Your Day Poems and Messages to Lift Your Heart|LifeParticles are the particles of Nothingness that have attributes of being and nonbeing, and the particles of energy and consciousness, which are the essence of Life.
Stephanie Lahart|I don’t mind failing because that means I’m trying. But giving up, now that’s something that I’m just not willing to do. I will continue to try and try again. I will keep my peace, stay focused, and know that my time will come. My positive attitude will not depart me. I will hold it close and keep on striving, knowing that what’s meant for me, will be. Nothing and nobody can stop it! My dedication and hard work won’t fail me, but most importantly, I won’t fail myself. I’m a winner and I’m a fighter! I don’t allow challenges to stop me.
Jonathan Maberry, The King of Plagues|I don’t much care for people—never have, never will. I got my reasons. I never met a man half so true as a dog. Treat a dog right and he’ll treat you right—he’ll keep you company, be your friend, never ask you no questions. Cats is different, but I never held that against them.
Thornton Wilder, The Bridge of San Luis Rey|Remember, you can be exalted without a college degree. You can be exalted without being slender and beautiful. You can be exalted without having a successful career. You can be exalted if you are not rich and famous. So focus the best that you can on those things in life that will lead you back to the presence of God - keeping all things in their proper balance.
Dora J. Arod, I Had a Dream About You|I had a dream about you. You were you, but you were many—a multitude of mannequins, each named Manny. And I was me, but I was Dark Jar Tin Zoo, and as such I made love to you—all of you. Then I woke up alone, naked, cuddling a mannequin I named after you who smells like you, because I spray it with the same fragrance you used to wear. Is that crazy? No, I didn’t think so either.  
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Smartass Disciple: Master, what will happen to the men right after their death ?Master of Stupidity: They live with a same or different part of their consciousness.
Charlie Hunnam|Love is about mutual respect, apart from attraction.
Ray Bradbury, Dandelion Wine|A woman is a deep Ditch, said he, her House inclines to Death and her Paths unto the Devil
Richard Yates, Revolutionary Road|Intelligent, thinking people could take things like this in their stride, just as they took the larger absurdities of deadly dull jobs in the city and deadly dull homes in the suburbs. Economic circumstances might force you to live in this environment, but the important thing was to keep from being contaminated. The important thing, always, was to remember who you were.
Bertrand Russell|I love the song 'I Hope You Dance' by Lee Ann Womack. I was going to write that song, but someone beat me to it.
Debasish Mridha|You don't need to be a great singer to sing, but you have to practice singing to be a great singer.
John Tesh|To understand this Christmas record, you have to understand our ministry.
Oscar Wilde, Vera or the Nihilists|I would sooner lose my best friend than my worst enemy. To have friends, you know, one need only be good-natured; but when a man has no enemy left there must be something mean about him.
Hugo Black|Mountaineering is one of the most difficult sports - we are away from routine life for days, living in tents, and it requires high degree of physical and mental strength.
Charles Bukowski|If something burns your soul with purpose and desire, it’s your duty to be reduced to ashes by it. Any other form of existence will be yet another dull book in the library of life.
Euginia Herlihy|To expect the other people to spoon-feed you shows the lack of hunger, thirst or drive to push forward the things you desire to accomplish.
Markham Shaw Pyle|Regarding 'Jabez's Prayer', I will say at once that I am a very poor Christian, and indeed a bad man. My besetting sins are many, and the least of them are the fleshlier ones: the really deadly ones are pride and intellectual arrogance. But I can honestly say I have never sunk to confusing prayer: the soul's colloquy with the Creator, mortal man's dialogue with the Deity: with magical incantation and the ritual of the 'spell.
Shirley Jackson|Anything which begins new and fresh will finally become old and silly. The educational institution is certainly no exception to this, although training the young is by implication an art for old people exclusively, and novelty in education is allied to mutiny. Moreover, the mere process of learning is allied to mutiny. Moreover, the mere process of learning is so excruciating and so bewildering that no conceivable phraseology or combination of philosophies can make it practical as a method of marking time during what might be called the formative years.
Jean-Paul Sartre, Existentialism Is a Humanism|The existentialist, on the contrary, finds it extremely embarrassing that God does not exist, for there disappears with Him all possibility of finding values in an intelligible heaven. There can no longer be any good a priori, since there is no infinite and perfect consciousness to think it. It is nowhere written that “the good” exists, that one must be honest or must not lie, since we are now upon the plane where there are only men. Dostoevsky once wrote: “If God did not exist, everything would be permitted”; and that, for existentialism, is the starting point. Everything is indeed permitted if God does not exist, and man is in consequence forlorn, for he cannot find anything to depend upon either within or outside himself. He discovers forthwith, that he is without excuse.
Jack Kerouac|Scribbled secret notebooks, and wild typewritten pages, for yr own joy 
Terry Pratchett, The Carpet People|So by the time the morning came, Odysseus and I were indeed friends, as Odysseus had promised we would be. Or let me put it another way: I myself had developed friendly feelings towards him - more than that, loving and passionate ones - and he behaved as if he reciprocated them. Which is not quite the same thing.
Afrika Bambaataa|Money never stays with me. It would burn me if it did. I throw it out of my hands as soon as possible, lest it should find its way into my heart.
Debasish Mridha|To be ethical, never think of anything unethical. To be moral, never hurt anyone.
W. Bruce Cameron|I would love to be associated with some sports organization. I was a journalism major. That's kind of intriguing, to do something in the political-commentary arena.
Tom Hanks|You can have a wrestling idea, but you need to have these momentum-shifting moves. We had the Hulkamania movement, then it shifted to the beer-drinking, Stone Cold era, we reinvented the business with growing the black beard and becoming the bad guy, what's that next level.
Debra Anastasia|And then he began to laugh in a peculiar way of his own which was both violent and soundless. His heavy reclining body, draped in its black gown, heaved to and fro. His knees drew themselves up to his chin. His arms dangled over the sides of the chair and were helpless. His head rolled from side to side. It was as though he were in the last stages of strychnine poisoning. But no sound came, nor did his mouth even open. Gradually the spasm grew weaker, and when the natural sand colour of his face had returned (for his corked-up laughter had turned it dark red) he began his smoking again in earnest.
Anna Godbersen, The Luxe|The first stab of love is like a sunset, a blaze of color -- oranges, pearly pinks, vibrant purples...
Donna Grant, Hot Blooded|Never stray from your own kind, Jessen,” my mother would say, “or you could end up like Princess Morga, a slave and outcast to be abhorred.”The problem was, I’d never been a very obedient daughter. Never the one to do exactly as I was told. And fairy tales have no meaning when the stars align and Fortune spins her wheel, weaving her own story for your heart.
Nikola Tesla|To feel much for others and little for ourselves; to restrain our selfishness and exercise our benevolent affections, constitute the perfection of human nature.
Neil Patrick Harris|On my wedding day. I didn't want a natural, blushing-bride look - I had a full-on hairdo and red lips. I thought it would be disingenuous to do the whole virginal look, so even though I had the white dress, I had pink net underneath.
Donald Miller|Freedom from anxiety is characterized by three inner attitudes. If what we have we received as a gift, and if what we have is to be cared for by God, and if what we have is available to others, then we will possess freedom from anxiety.
Kelly Wilson, Caskets from Costco|The morning after Jim’s death, as I dried off after my shower, I wondered to what extent, if at all, Jim was…around. Could he be with us, unseen or unsensed by us, but able to observe? Most importantly at this moment, could he possibly see me naked?
Albert Borris, Crash Into Me|Lies are just stories, and stories are all that matter. We all tell stories. Some are more truthful than others, maybe, but in the end the only thing that counts is what you can make people believe.
Greg Graffin, Anarchy Evolution: Faith, Science, and Bad Religion in a World Without God|For me, the existence of nonexistence of God is a nonissue.
Henry Miller, The Cosmological Eye|Tomorrow is no hazardous affair, a day like any other day: tomorrow is the result of many yesterdays and comes with a potent, cumulative effect. I am tomorrow what I chose to be yesterday and the day before. It is not possible that tomorrow I may negate and nullify everything that led me to this present moment.
Christopher Buehlman, The Lesser Dead|Look, I’ll tell you what I do, but you won’t believe me.” …	“Given that I just found you bound and gagged, my mind is somewhat more receptive than it might normally be.”	“Well then, here’s the deal,” Krystal said as she sat down next to me. “Everything you think you know about monsters is a lie. Ghouls, ghosts, werewolves and more are real and hiding out behind the scenes in our world. Officially, they are known as parahumans.
Samuel Lee, The Bible and the Closet or How We May Read the Scriptures with the Most Spiritual Profit: And Secret Prayer Successfully Managed|Nay, in many cases open denials of prayer prove the most excellent answers, and God's not hearing us is the most signal audience. Therefore at the foot of every prayer subscribe "thy will be done," and thou shalt enjoy preventing mercies that thou never soughtest, and converting mercies to change all for the best, resting confident in this, that having asked according to his will he heareth thee.
Julie Kagawa, Talon|A ruse. That's all it was. Pretend to like this girl. Pretend to have feelings, to pursue some kind of relationship. Earn her friendship and trust, knowing I might have to destroy it, and her, in the end.
Paulo Freire, Pedagogy of the Oppressed|Voldemort himself created his worst enemy, just as tyrants everywhere do! Have you any idea how much tyrants fear the people they oppress? All of them realize that, one day, amongst their many victims, there is sure to be one who rises against them and strikes back!
David Gaider, The Stolen Throne|He may be old now, but he is still a hero in their eyes
Henri Nouwen|The little things, I can obey. But the big things - how we think, what we value - those you must choose yourself. You can't let anyone - or any society - determine those for you.
Tim Tharp, The Spectacular Now|Although much has been written of the exploits of Canadians who answered the call to arms in World Wars I and II, nothing has been written about the young men who flocked to join the Cold War. Thanks to Canada's menacing presence, Russia has never invaded Germany.	The author menaced Russia, as a fighter pilot based in NATO Europe during the 1950s. Much of the material herein is derived from his diaries of that period. Some names have been changed to protect the guilty. Accounts have been embellished. No harm or libel is intended. The harm is to the author's self-image. The diaries reveal that he was brash and intolerant. He considers it one of life's miracles that his friends put up with him.
Rachel Stevens|Congress has an obligation to protect our country's natural beauty, embodied in our nation's parks, rivers, and breathtaking landscapes.
Belinda Jeffrey, One Long Thread|If there was some way of knowing which boys were likely to turn out to be decent men, boys that could love us back as passionately as we felt we could love them, then we could banish the likelihood of divorce and unhappiness to a statistically unlikely outcome.
Christina Engela, Space Vacation|When the feminine and our vitality become lost to power drives and life becomes a wasteland, the stage is set for the mythic world to give rise to a hero to transform and revitalize the situation. They mythic hero is a metaphor for our struggle to transform our consciousness and bring new life to ourselves.
Leslie Jamison, The Empathy Exams: Essays|Don’t be afraid, Queen, the blood has long run down into the earth. And on the spot where it was spilled, grapevines are growing today.
Jed Diamond, Stress Relief for Men: How to Use the Revolutionary Tools of Energy Healing to Live Well|Research shows that sincere positive feelings--like love, care, gratitude, appreciation, compassion, or joy--smooth out our heart rhythm into a harmonious coherent pattern.
Abhijit Naskar, Rowdy Buddha: The First Sapiens|When we're consciously aware, we receive the messages the universe sends to answer us through intuition that could be easily missed if we weren't living in the moment. These messages will guide us to our true path.
Jerry Pournelle|If I steal money from any person, there may be no harm done from the mere transfer of possession; he may not feel the loss, or it may prevent him from using the money badly. But I cannot help doing this great wrong towards Man, that I make myself dishonest.
Marty Rubin|Love is a wild child, always at odds with society.
José de Alencar|And if I please you so, my lover,Remember praise is comely.
Katelyn Lillis|Worry is blind, and cannot discern the future; but Jesus sees the end from the beginning.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|You might get only one shot. So shoot. You know who said that?"The rifle clatters to the bloody floor."Hanna FUCKING Donnelly. That's who.
Lee Strauss, Playing with Matches|She dropped her head again on Marius' knees, and her eyelids closed. He thought the poor soul had departed. Eponine remained motionless. All at once, at the very moment when Marius fancied her asleep forever, she slowly opened her eyes in which appeared the sombre profundity of death, and said to him in a tone whose sweetness seemed already to proceed from another world:--"And by the way, Monsieur Marius, I believe that I was a little bit in love with you."She tried to smile once more and expired.
Sara Sheridan|Scientists gladly accept any new truth demonstrated by evidence, that is, proved by the very law of the cosmos. Not so with any new conceptions of religion; these are fought by the use of persecution and venom. Many of the current religious beliefs literally carried into practice would stampede humanity into the old jungle ideas and habits.
Georgette Heyer|Nothing more likely,"said Hannasyde. "I've got to try and rattle him.""It's him that'll do the rattling,"said the Sergeant darkly. "he's the nearest thing to a snake I've seen outside of the Zoo.
Theresa J. Knight|Around the time my first marriage of twenty-one years was ending, I had spent a lot of time reflecting on the fairytale promises of living "happily ever after and being "forever in love." I thought about how the expectations of our families, friends, religion and society each contribute to the guilt and shame many of us experience when our partnerships and marriages do not work out the way we expected. The familiar promises of being together until death do us part" seemed antiquated and misguided in our modern world. Why wan't being happy, in love and committed 'for now' a more widely accepted and reasonable vision?
Noam Chomsky|The evolution of technology is, like the evolution of literature, heavily path-dependent. Culture plays a far more important role in the acceptance, adoption, and spread of technology than many of us are willing to acknowledge.
Steph Bowe, Girl Saves Boy|Sometimes you see someone doing something that does not fit at all with your idea of that person. You realise that, a lot of the time, you don't really know people, even one of your best friends.Instead, you get to know a little bit about that person - the little things they want to reveal, or inadvertently reveal - and then you make up a whole lot of rubbish that's your idea of the person.
David Tennant|I began to realize that when people experience the love of God, it casts out their fear and frees them from guilt.
Bobby Bridger, Where the Tall Grass Grows: Becoming Indigenous and the Mythological Legacy of the American West|What sells a book sells a book, same in traditional or self-publishing. You gotta shake your tail feathers.
Jay Woodman|The enormous vermilion sun was dropping toward the sea, its reflected glow making a blazing path across the water to the very beach, where the last ripple was spangled with garnets. Otherwise, the sea was periwinkle purple, spilling and whispering and sidling with an easy going prattle of foam round the steeper rocks.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|Sometimes when I'm alone, I take the pearl from where it lives in my pocket and try to remember the boy with the bread, the strong arms that warded off nightmares on the train, the kisses in the arena.
Will Hazlitt|In so far as the purported use of "violence" by the Animal Liberation Front in the furtherance of its fundamental mission is concerned; The fact of the matter is that violence cannot be committed against an inanimate object.
Debasish Mridha|Kindness rarely costs anything, but its worth is immeasurable.
Faraaz Kazi, More Than Just Friends|Steven and I had always come to the market to check out the fresh flowers, so when Friday came around with the fresh roses, I always stood in the middle of it all, breathing in the memories and breathing out the hurt.
Vinod Varghese Antony|Centuries had passed since the dawn of science, yet men offer riches in the name of God.
Franz Kafka|Truth is always strange, stranger than fiction.
Harrish Sairaman|Muscle breakdowns are important for muscle growth and similarly, Life breakdowns are important for quantum Life growth
Marie Zhuikov, Plover Landing|We are all inclined to accept conventional forms or colours as the only correct ones. Children sometimes think that stars must be star-shaped, though naturally they are not. The people who insist that in a picture the sky must be blue, and the grass green, are not very different from these children. They get indignant if they see other colours in a picture, but if we try to forget all we have heard about green grass and blue skies, and look at the world as if we had just arrived from another planet on a voyage of discovery and were seeing it for the first time, we may find that things are apt to have the most surprising colours.
Philip Sidney|Nature is the source of all true knowledge. She has her own logic, her own laws, she has no effect without cause nor invention without necessity.
Sarah Hepola, Blackout: Remembering the Things I Drank to Forget|A person whom is unhappy with life realizes that their construction of a self-image is incompatible with their earthly reality. An unhappy person must alter their internal or external world; otherwise, their sadness, sorrow, grief, and misery will remain unabated. Misery and desperation can lead to change, but only if a person is willing to learn, explore, and try.
Assata Shakur|The world, in spite of oppression, is a beautiful place.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Alignment of vision, mission, values and attitudes need to be matched between you and those you choose to surround yourself with. The cost of training or replacing will be very minimal and less painful if recruitment, selection and positioning are done well. This applies even to general employment processes, whether at leadership or staff levels.
Thomm Quackenbush, Danse Macabre (Night's Dream, #2)|A watched pot never boils, but if I took my eyes from these negative thoughts for a second they would spill over the edges of my lips, and boil the beautiful moment alive as we lived it.
Douglas Rushkoff|Everyone knows, or should know, that everything we type on our computers or say into our cell phones is being disseminated throughout the datasphere. And most of it is recorded and parsed by big data servers. Why do you think Gmail and Facebook are free? You think they're corporate gifts? We pay with our data.
Milan Kundera, Testaments Betrayed: An Essay in Nine Parts|a city square that's designed on a scale to express national greatness is hostile to the human intimacy necessary for freedom's space [George Packer, "History: Influence on Humanity"].
George Orwell, 1984|In the past the need for a hierarchal form of society has been the doctrine specifically of the High. It had been preached by kings and aristocrats and the priests, lawyers and the like who were parasitical upon them, and it had generally been softened by promises of an imaginary world beyond the grave.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Being disciplined with an ego that makes you to feel like you can never be disciplined by any other person is "indiscipline".
Albert Schweitzer|While we ourselves are the living graves of murdered beasts, how can we expect any ideal conditions on this earth?
Ishmael Beah|On our way back to her house, I didn’t look at the city lights any longer. I looked into the sky and felt as if the moon was following us.When I was a child, my grandmother told me that the sky speaks to those who look and listen to it. She said, “In the sky there are always answers and explanations for everything: every pain, every suffering, joy, and confusion.” That night I wanted the sky to talk to me.
Elisabeth Elliot|We are women, and my plea is Let me be a woman, holy through and through, asking for nothing but what God wants to give me, receiving with both hands and with all my heart whatever that is.
Paul Theroux, My Secret History|One of my luckiest instincts lay in being able to tell when I was happy— at the time, not afterwards. Most people don’t realize until long afterwards that they have passed through a period of happiness. Their enjoyment takes the form of reminiscence, and it is always tinged with regret that they had not known at the time how happy they were. But I knew, and my memory (of bad times too) was detailed and intense.
Brandon Sanderson, Firefight|I hadn’t been a nerd, mind you. I’d just been the type of guy who spent a lot of time by himself, focused entirely on a single consuming interest.
Derek Landy, The Maleficent Seven: From the World of Skulduggery Pleasant|This is stolen? We're in a stolen jet?""Not stolen," said Donegan Bane from the co-pilot's seat."Almost stolen," Gracious corrected."Semi-stolen," said Donegan."Quasi-stolen," said Gracious. Aurora's frown did not turn upside down. "So is it stolen or not?"Donegan and Gracious hesitated."Yes," they both said together.
Dada Bhagwan|When Boredom comes, it is the time during which discovery is to be made. That is the time during which real effort (purushartha) can be made. But instead, people push it aside.
Chamera Sampson|I just want to feel like home. I just want Rosabelle. My other half. Where she was day, I was night. While I was earth, she was sky." -Dreams, Smiles, and Bloody Tears
William Landay|Smartphones can relay patients' data to hospital computers in a continuous stream. Doctors can alter treatment regimens remotely, instead of making patients come in for a visit.
Randall Jarrell|A poet is a man who manages, in a lifetime of standing out in thunderstorms, to be struck by lightning five or six times.
Gary Johnson|Equal protection under the law - for race, religion, gender or sexual orientation - should not be subject to the most popular sentiments of the day.
Darrel Ray, Sex & God: How Religion Distorts Sexuality|Many religions start with the notion that the deity is male and that, therefore, males are superior to women. This irrational idea informs boys' sexual map as they grow into men and breeds ideas such as the following: women are subservient to men; men have control over women's bodies; and men are more intelligent and closer to their god.
Byron Katie, Loving What Is: Four Questions That Can Change Your Life|A thought is harmless unless we believe it. It’s not our thoughts, but our attachment to our thoughts, that causes suffering. Attaching to a thought means believing that it’s true, without inquiring. A belief is a thought that we’ve been attaching to, often for years.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn, Noah's Story|But a guy didn’t have to be a charmer with the right girl. No, the right girl made him say the right things, feel like he could stand on top of the world. The right girl laughed at his jokes and met his eyes with a smile that said he could do no wrong.
Leland Hall, Cold Harbour / Sinister House|(This is from me: I found this and I'm dying I apologize for any non-Supernatural fans out there but omg the fandom must read this.)Dean: Dad, this is Cas.John: I'm not working with any other hunters, Dean.Dean: He's not a hunter, Dad. He's an angel. John: Well, I knew you were gay but that's no way to introduce me to your boyfriend.Dean: What? No Dad, he's literally an angel. From Heaven.
Felicity Jones|What spectacle can be more edifying or more seasonable, than that of Liberty and Learning, each leaning on the other for their mutual and surest support?
Carl Sagan|The idea that God is an oversized white male with a flowing beard, who sits in the sky and tallies the fall of every sparrow is ludicrous. But if by 'God,' one means the set of physical laws that govern the universe, then clearly there is such a God. This God is emotionally unsatisfying... it does not make much sense to pray to the law of gravity.
Ágota Kristóf, The Notebook, The Proof, The Third Lie: Three Novels|On our way home we throw the apples, the biscuits, the chocolate and the coins in the tall grass by the roadside. It is impossible to throw away the stroking on our hair
Niklas Luhmann, Art as a Social System|In the twentieth century, one encounters artworks that seek to cancel the difference between a real and an imagined reality by presenting themselves in ways that make them indistinguishable from real objects. Should we take this trend as an internal reaction of art against itself? … No ordinary object insists on being taken for an ordinary thing, but a work that does so betrays itself by this very effort. The function of art in such a case is to reproduce the difference of art. But the mere fact that art seeks to cancel this difference and fails in its effort to do so perhaps says more about art than could any excuse or critique.
Brynn Myers, Redemption|Aerric’s skill as a fighter, along with the fact that he could not be killed, made him the ultimate weapon. Morrigan and Brighid had used the hide of a phoenix and a bit of Pandra’s dragon blood to create him.
Simone de Beauvoir, The Second Sex|We will not let ourselves be intimidated by the number and violence of attacks against women; nor be fooled by the self-serving praise showered on the “real woman”; nor be won over by men’s enthusiasm for her destiny, a destiny they would not for the world want to share.
Donna Gillespie, The Light Bearer|For him (LBJ) food was not an indulgence but and intoxicant, an object he reached for to fill a gaping void, one he could never fill up.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Don’t look for trouble, because troubles look for being found by those who look for them!
Roxane Gay|White privilege is an absence of the consequences of racism. An absence of structural discrimination, an absence of your race being viewed as a problem first and foremost.
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|Too much of anything could destroy you, Simon thought. Too much darkness could kill, but too much light could blind.
Bashar al-Assad|Fear, conformity, immorality: these are heavy burdens. They drain us of creative energy. And when we are drained of creative energy, we do not create. We procreate, but we do not create.
Arthur Machen, The Hill of Dreams|What up you guys, I'm back!
Tina Sequeira, SOUL SOJOURN|All great books contain boring portions, and all great lives have contained uninteresting stretches. Imagine a modern American publisher confronted with the Old Testament as a new manuscript submitted to him for the first time. It is not difficult to think what his comments would be, for example, on the genealogies. 'My dear sir,' he would say, 'this chapter lacks pep; you can't expect your reader to be interested in a mere string of proper names of persons about whom you tell so little. You have begun your story, I admit, in fine style, and at first I was very favourably impressed, but you have altogether too much wish to tell it all. Pick out the highlights, take out the superfluous matter, and bring me back your manuscript when you have reduced it to a reasonable length.' So the modern publisher would speak, knowing the modern reader's fear of boredom.
Gabriel Medina|I don't hear a lot about elected officials that are men talking about whether they smile a lot. My dad was in elected office my entire life. I don't remember many smiles, and nobody commented about it. He was serious about his job, and so am I.
Stan Slap|The company may have captured their minds, their bodies and their pockets, but that doesn’t mean it’s captured their hearts.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|Good night - may you fall asleep in the arms of a dream, so beautiful, you'll cry when you awake.
Dada Bhagwan|As long as the egoism is there, how can one attain the true religion?
Jesse J. Jacoby, Society's Anonymous: The True 12 Steps to Recovery from What Brings Us Down|He wanted to be an artist, an artist of life wasn't enough for him, although precisely this concept provides everything we need to be happy if we think about it.
Deb Caletti, The Nature of Jade|Balanced relationships are always based in freedom, not obligation.
Evelyn Underhill|As the genuine religious impulse becomes dominant, adoration more and more takes charge. 'I come to seek God because I need Him', may be an adequate formula for prayer. 'I come to adore His splendour, and fling myself and all that I have at His feet', is the only possible formula for worship.
Azhar  Ali|Do much more than you are being paid for today because someday, you will be paid much more than you are doing.
Brad Leithauser|Maybe you didn’t need to know anything special to write a work of fiction. Maybe you didn’t need to delve into some kind of life question you knew you’d lived. Perhaps your subconscious would do the job for you, if only you dared to dream.
David Levithan, Love Is the Higher Law|I want to have faith in strangers. I want to have faith in what we're all going to do next. But I'm worried. I see things shifting from United We Stand to God Bless America. I don't believe in God Bless America. I don't believe a higher power is standing beside us and guiding us. I don't believe we're being singled out. I believe much more in United We Stand. I have my doubts, but I want it to be true. Wouldn't it be wonderful if we really came together, if we really found a common humanity? The hitch is that you can't find a common humanity just because you have a common enemy. You have to find a common humanity because you believe that's true. 
Thomas Wolfe|There is a time to take counsel of your fears, and there is a time to never listen to any fear.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|I heard the old, old, men say 'all that's beautiful drifts away, like the waters.
Martin Freeman|Economics is not a science; it is a quasi-religion: part superstition, part mystique, part sentimentality. Bankers dream like other men, the only difference being that when their dreams turn to nightmares, we all lose sleep. There can be no trusting the muttering of any prelate when it comes to money.
Ganesh Shiva Aithal, The Drought Within|The definition of teachers or gurus was unknown to everyone including the teachers in the campus. So the people present in the school campus weren’t teachers at all, he thought.They were just people supposed to act like robots and cram things related to the subjects in the brains of their students. A bit of general imparting of knowledge wasn’t allowed and wasconsidered as impudence. With this brief recap of his past, the wandering mind of Mr. Patil came back to the present.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Styxx|You aren’t old enough to have such regrets.”“Pain doesn’t respect age, my lady.
Sarah Kay|The wind whirls and whistles and strip pink blooms from the mimosas, scatters twigs, broken limbs, pine needles and pine cones across our yard, and robs the pecan trees of a thousand leaves. The storm eventually dies, but the bruised trees continue to weep into the night, still shimmering with dewy leaves when the sun comes up the next morning.
Karen Thompson Walker|Non-fiction, and in particular the literary memoir, the stylised recollection of personal experience, is often as much about character and story and emotion as fiction is.
Mother Teresa|You learn from the things that happen in your career. You get up and down. You never give up. All the things that happened in my career, thank God it happened early rather than late in my career.
Libba Bray, The Sweet Far Thing|But Gemma, you could change the world.""That should take far more than my power," I say."True. But change needn't happen all at once. It can be small gestures.""Moments. Do you understand?" He's looking at me differently now, though I cannot say how. I only know I need to look away...We pass by the pools, where the mud larks sift. And for only a few seconds, I let the magic loose again."Oi! By all the saints!" a boy cries from the river."Gone off the dock?" an old woman calls. The mud larks break into cackles."'S not a rock!" he shouts. He races out of the fog, cradling something in his palm. Curiosity gets the better of the others. They crowd about trying to see. In his palm is a smattering of rubies. "We're rich mates! It's a hot bath and a full belly for every one of us!"Kartik eyes me suspiciously. "That was a strange stroke of good fortune.""Yes it was.""I don't suppose that was your doing.""I'm not sure I don't know what you mean," I say.And that is how change happens. One gesture. One person. One moment at a time.
A.S. Byatt, Possession|My Solitude is my Treasure, the best thing I have. I hesitate to go out. If you opened the little gate, I would not hop away—but oh how I sing in my gold cage.
Jennifer McMahon, My Tiki Girl|Home is a little kingdom with rulers, laws, and subjects, each with a part to perform in order that life there shall be perfect.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|So you're a Shadowhunter,' Nate said. 'De Quincey told me that you lot were monsters.''Was that before or after he tried to eat you?' Will inquired.
Mahatma Gandhi|Here's the reality. The image of a white Jesus has been used to justify enslavement, conquest, colonialism, the genocide of indigenous peoples. There are literally millions of human beings whose lives have been snuffed out by people who conquered under the banner of a white god.
Julie Buxbaum, What to Say Next|We don’t talk on the ride home. We don’t have to. I feel warm and giddy and like I have a secret that I want to keep all to myself. David Drucker, who is so many different people all at once: the guy who always sits alone, the guy who talked quantum physics even in my dad’s dental chair, the guy who held my hand in the snow. I kissed David Drucker, the guy I most like to talk to, and it was perfect.
Chuck Palahniuk|Ideas come at any moment -- except when you demand them. Most ideas come while I'm physically active, at the gym, with friends, gardening, so I always carry pen and paper.My first draft is always written in longhand. But once the first dozen chapters, more like short stories, are written, then momentum builds until I can't leave the project until it's done.
Nikki Rosen, In The Eye Of Deception: A True Story|I shall not lie!" Eilonwy cried, "not for this traitor and deserter." "It is not for him," Taran said quietly, "but for the sake of our quest." "It isn't right," Eilonwy began, tears starting in her eyes. "We do not speak of rightness," Taran answered. "We speak of a task to be finished.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If I disagree with you sometimes, it's because I have a mind of my own.
Fredrik Backman, Philémon, Tome 9 : L'Arche du "A"|One of the first things you learn as a leader, whether you choose the position of have it forced upon you, is that leadership is as much about what you don't say as what you do say.
Wassily Kandinsky, Concerning the Spiritual in Art|With cold eyes and indifferent mind the spectators regard the work. Connoissers admire the "skill" (as one admires a tightrope walker), enjoy the "quality of painting" (as one enjoys a pasty). But hungry souls go hungry away. The vulgar herd stroll through the rooms and pronounce the pictures "nice" or "splendid." Those who could speak have said nothing, those who could hear have heard nothing.
John Wesley|Purge me from every sinful blot;My idols all be cast aside: Cleanse me from every evil thought,From all the filth of self and pride.The hatred of the carnal mind Out of my flesh at once remove:Give me a tender heart, resigned, And pure, and full of faith and love.
Shan Sa, Empress|I am alone so I dream of the being who has cured my solitude, who would be cured by solitudes. With its life, it brought me the idealizations of life, all the idealizations which give life a double, which lead life toward it summits, which make the dreamer too live by splitting...
Richard Dawkins|So it is best to keep an open mind and be agnostic. At first sight that seems an unassailable position, at least in the weak sense of Pascal's wager. But on second thoughts it seems a cop-out, because the same could be said of Father Christmas and tooth fairies. There may be fairies at the bottom of the garden. There is no evidence for it, but you can't prove that there aren't any, so shouldn't we be agnostic with respect to fairies?
Sarah Michelle Gellar|Our growing softness, our increasing lack of physical fitness, is a menace to our security.
Rich Mullins|What a grand thing, to be loved! What a grander thing still, to love!
James Cash Penney|You can change your world by changing your words... Remember, death and life are in the power of the tongue.
Janet Evanovich, The Heist|They were actually sitting at a table, like two old friends, not like the hunterand the hunted. And it wasn't especially awkward. They were comfortable together,despite the fact that she'd hit him with a bus. Maybe his scheme would work.
Elizabeth  Good, Trampled Underfoot: The Dirt on Vic and Lia|The effects of Fate come together like stew simmering with provisions from the universe. Which ingredients we’ve used make the end result easy to swallow or bitterly distasteful. So choose wisely for, when our lot in life is done, only those young enough or strong enough can toss their destiny aside and start over.
St. John|Jesus said to her, “I am the resurrection and the life. The one who believes in me will live, even though they die; and whoever lives by believing in me will never die. Do you believe this?
Isaac Newton|The motions of the comets are exceedingly regular, and they observe the same laws as the motions of the planets, but they differ from the motions of vortices in every particular and are often contrary to them.
Andrew Dalby, Language in Danger: The Loss of Linguistic Diversity and the Threat to Our Future|On the basis of this information, it would be possible to argue that if everybody spoke English (or Chinese or Esperanto for that matter) everybody would be at war even more often.
Marquita Burke-DeJesus, Radically Ordinary|Bravery is an amazing and aggressive teacher. Its gives me the energy to dive into life, recover from disappointment, and mentally escape whatever locked door holds me in.
Todd Stocker|If we head in the direction of our dreams and accept the winds and rains that will test our resolve, we can experience the deep satisfaction of looking back upon the path of a life well lived.
Tennessee Williams, Camino Real|When so many are lonely as seem to be lonely, it would be inexcusably selfish to be lonely alone.
Marty Rubin|It had belonged to that idea of the exasperated consciousness of his victim to become a real test for him; since he had quite put it to himself from the first that, oh distinctly! he could "cultivate" his whole perception. He had felt it as above all open to cultivation--which indeed was but another name for his manner of spending his time. He was bringing it on, bringing it to perfection, by practice; in consequence of which it had grown so fine that he was now aware of impressions, attestations of his general postulate, that couldn't have broken upon him at once.
Elisabeth Naughton, All He Wants for Christmas|Which one of us, went and fucked up?
V.S.Atbay|A thousand lips, a thousand eyes,a thousand hearts will read these words,as you read them, graze them, this moment. Thousands will utter them into the abyss, someday, perhaps for years to come; loudly, softly,repeatedly, again and again and again.Some will mock, some will laugh. Somewill shed a tear. But it is writtenonly for your lips, your eyes, your heart,beloved.
Victoria Woodhull|So many people have said that to me, that what they really like about Alex is what she brings out in Marissa, and what this situation brings out in her, a hint of happiness and another side to her character.
Tom Tancredo|The Republican Party looks at massive immigration, legal and illegal, as a source of cheap labor, satisfying a very important constituency.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|And what little she allowed herself to say was said in a strained tone, in which her ingrained timidity paralysed her tendency to freedom and audacity of speech.
Helene Hanff, 84, Charing Cross Road|It looks too new and pristine ever to have been read by anyone else, but it has been: it keeps falling open at the most delightful places as the ghost of its former owner points me to things I've never read before.
Morgan Matson, Amy & Roger's Epic Detour|It was like a bomb had just gone off in the kitchen, and instead of cleaning up the rubble, people were stepping around it and eating mini-quiche.
Raven Goodwin|Choose wisely, then eat in moderation. When I know I'm going to Mom's for dinner, I throw an extra 20 minutes on the cardio machine so I can be ready to eat.
Mila Ferrera, Everything Between Us|I was afraid to go into a restaurant because I was intimidated by the waiters furtively hovering behind me waiting for my plate to be emptied. Most of all I dreaded paying a bill-my awkwardness when I handed over the money after buying something did not arise from my stinginess, but from excessive tension, excessive embarrassment, excessive uneasiness and apprehension.
Auliq Ice|The city of Paris, France, became a place of refuge for biracial Americans during slavery and at the time of the Harlem Renaissance for black musicians, fine artists, writers and others seeking opportunities to practice their craft free from American racism.
Thea Harrison, Dragos Goes to Washington|Do you have to take note of every little thing I do? I mean every tiny, little thing, Dragos?""Yes," he said simply. "When I look at you, even when things are going to hell, somehow everything is all right.
Bluenscottish|To create oneself as a Leader the foundation of Integrity must be laid, built with character and aspirations of greatness
Reid Hoffman, The Alliance: Managing Talent in the Networked Age|I couldn’t bring myself to call him either “Bill,” which would signal friendly familiarity, or “Doctor Vogel,” which would imply respect.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|We are forlorn like children, and experienced like old men, we are crude and sorrowful and superficial—I believe we are lost.
Idowu Koyenikan, Wealth for All Africans: How Every African Can Live the Life of Their Dreams|Skills are keys to the lock of success, as the time passes the effort in opening the lock becomes more intense, we start blaming the lock, but we seldom realize that the keys also need polishing, we keep checking the lock but fail to understand that the rust can form on keys as well.
David Amerland, SEO Help: 20 Semantic Search Steps that Will Help Your Business Grow|If something is built to show, it's build to grow.
Lacey Sturm|Anticipating God's blessings is a great way to begin a new week! When we look for the things that could go wrong, we just may find what we had been looking for.
Sigmund Freud|Cooking is in an honest profession where you cannot hide and let others do the work for you. You have to show up, work hard and prove you can do it faster and better. And find a mentor who will recognize your talent and push you in the right direction.
Linda Howard, Blood Born|It's daylight. Shouldn't you have burned to a crisp, or something? Don't you have to crawl into a coffin? Where do you keep it stashed, anyway?""I've never owned a coffin," he admitted, unable to hold back a smile.
Ellen J. Barrier|That said, the question remains: how to strike the balance between free speech and mutual respect in this mixed-up world, both blessed and cursed with instant communication? We should not fight fire with fire, threats with threats.
Mehmet Murat ildan|There is nothing sacred about any beliefs! They are all the apparent inventions of human mind! Beliefs of the billions have nothing to do with the truth! If the world can stop deceiving itself, there will emerge a new world, a world that represents the truth!
Antonin Scalia|A 'good' family, it seems, is one that used to be better.
Louis de Bernières, Corelli's Mandolin|Marx hated weakness in men, and considered the making of moral judgements as the last resort of the weak. To say 'That is morally wrong' is implicitly to say ' I am powerless to stop that, so I will inveigh against it'.
Zhuangzi, The Complete Works of Chuang Tzu|The Perfect Man uses his mind like a mirror - going after nothing, welcoming nothing, responding but not storing.
Ann Patchett, This is the Story of a Happy Marriage|Forgiveness. The ability to forgive oneself. Stop here for a few breaths and think about this because it is the key to making art, and very possibly the key to finding any semblance of happiness in life. Every time I have set out to translate the book (or story, or hopelessly long essay) that exists in such brilliant detail on the big screen of my limbic system onto a piece of paper (which, let’s face it, was once a towering tree crowned with leaves and a home to birds). I grieve for my own lack of talent and intelligence. Every. Single. Time. Were I smarter, more gifted, I could pin down a closer facsimile of the wonders I see. I believe, more than anything, that this grief of constantly having to face down our own inadequacies is what keeps people from being writers. Forgiveness, therefore, is key. I can’t write the book I want to write, but I can and will write the book I am capable of writing. Again and again throughout the course of my life I will forgive myself.
Obert Skye, Pillage|Stupid deer," I said, embarrassed about being startled. "We need a ladder.""I think they're easier to shoot with a rifle.""I'm not talking about the deer," I said, hitting Milo on the back of his shoulder. "We need a ladder to look over the wall.""Or a catapult," Milo said seriously.
Pittacus Lore, The Fate of Ten|It is ok to question yourself, but never ok to doubt yourself.
Nora Roberts, Born in Ice|Grayson: Fiction is just a lie anyway.Brianna: But it's not - it's a different kind of truth - it would be your truth at the time of the writing, wouldn't it?
Luigi Pirandello, Pirandello's One Act Plays|When you remove the concept of reward and punishment on merit, the result is the utter destruction of social fabric.
Walter Wangerin Jr., Swallowing the Golden Stone: Stories and Essays|So they went out for a walk. They went through narrow, lightless lanes, where houses that were silent but gave out smells of fish and boiled rice stood on either side of the road. There was not a single tree in sight; no breeze and no sound but the vaguely musical humming of mosquitoes. Once, an ancient taxi wheezed past, taking a short-cut through the lane into the main road, like a comic vintage car passing through a film-set showing the Twenties into the film-set of the present, passing from black and white into colour. But why did these houses – for instance, that one with the tall, ornate iron gates and a watchman dozing on a stool, which gave the impression that the family had valuables locked away inside, or that other one with the small porch and the painted door, which gave the impression that whenever there was a feast or a wedding all the relatives would be invited, and there would be so many relatives that some of them, probably the young men and women, would be sitting bunched together on the cramped porch because there would be no more space inside, talking eloquently about something that didn’t really require eloquence, laughing uproariously at a joke that wasn’t really very funny, or this next house with an old man relaxing in his easy-chair on the verandah, fanning himself with a local Sunday newspaper, or this small, shabby house with the girl Sandeep glimpsed through a window, sitting in a bare, ill-furnished room, memorising a text by candlelight, repeating suffixes and prefixes from a Bengali grammar over and over to herself – why did these houses seem to suggest that an infinitely interesting story might be woven around them? And yet the story would never be a satisfying one, because the writer, like Sandeep, would be too caught up in jotting down the irrelevances and digressions that make up lives, and the life of a city, rather than a good story – till the reader would shout "Come to the point!" – and there would be no point, except the girl memorising the rules of grammar, the old man in the easy-chair fanning himself, and the house with the small, empty porch which was crowded, paradoxically, with many memories and possibilities. The "real" story, with its beginning, middle and conclusion, would never be told, because it did not exist.
Paige O'Hara|Mathematics are the result of mysterious powers which no one understands, and which the unconscious recognition of beauty must play an important part. Out of an infinity of designs a mathematician chooses one pattern for beauty's sake and pulls it down to earth.
Bill Willingham|Baba Yaga: "... What are his powers"Mirror on the wall: "He reads
Daphne du Maurier, Rebecca|The moment of crisis had come, and I must face it. My old fears, my diffidence, my shyness, my hopeless sense of inferiority, must be conquered now and thrust aside. If I failed now I should fail forever.
Derek Landy, Playing with Fire|Now that he was semidressed, I recovered enough to say, “Not really. But I guess if you want me to hold a conversation with you, you should keep your clothes on.”He gestured for me to follow him through the house, and I thought I heard him mutter, “Conversation is so overrated.
Richard Holbrooke|My father was very disappointed by war and fighting. And he thought language could help us out of cycles of revenge and animosity. And so, as a journalist, he always found himself asking lots of questions and trying to gather information. He was always very clear to underscore the fact that Jewish people and Arab people were brother and sister.
Munindra Misra, Eddies of Life|He who is not satisfied with himself will not grow certainly,For he will be but ever lost in his unquenchable thirst surely.[224]	- 4 (Thoughts)
Orrin Woodward|Repentance is a result of God's kindness, not a prerequisite to it.
Anneliese Blakeney, The Princess and The Sage|You tried to kill me. Don't think we won't be telling that story to our kids someday," David said."Kids?" she asked, feeling breathless."You heard me," he said, eyes intent. "At least three of them. I figure as soon as we're married we should get started on that first one.""Okay," she said, voice shaking."Glad that's settled. When we get back to Prague I'll get you a ring.""Okay," she said again, her heart soaring. "I'm going to sleep now, I think.""You do that.
Jean Rhys, Sleep it Off Lady: Stories by Jean Rhys|I had started out in life trusting everyone and now I trusted no one. So I had a few acquaintances and no close friends. It was perhaps in reaction against the inevitable loneliness of my life that I'd find myself doing bold, risky, even outrageous things without hesitation or surprise. I was usually disappointed in these adventures and they didn't have much effect on me, good or bad, but I never quite lost the hope of something better or different.
Andrzej Stasiuk, On the Road to Babadag: Travels in the Other Europe|I lack the imagination. For that reason I have to pack, stuff into my pockets odds and ends, passport, money, and go see what it's really like. Whenever the time of year or the weather changes, I have to pack up whatever I can't do without and visit all those places I've been before, to make sure they still exist
Joanna Faber, How to Talk so Little Kids Will Listen: A Survival Guide to Life with Children Ages 2-7|When there is conflict between us, we don't need to put our energy into fighting each other. We can combine forces to search for a solution that respects the needs of all parties. The child is an active participant in solving his problems. This will stand him in good stead in the years to come.
N. K. Jemisin|When you think about things like power efficiency or performance or Internet connectivity as major technology areas where you have multiple investments, multiple products - security is like that.
Tommy Douglas|Man is now able to fly through the air like a bird, he is able to swim under the sea like a fish, he is able burrow beneath the ground like a mole. Now if only he could walk the earth like a man, this would be paradise.
Daisy Goodwin, The Fortune Hunter|we're just paper on a shelf, in the end
Chris DiSano Davenport, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea|OHHHH don’t make me cry, I’m a big strong guy, I can make you laugh and I’d never tell a lie, See my muscles on my legs when I swim, I can do back spins with the force of my fins. SOOOOO don’t make me cry, I’m a big strong guy, I can make you laugh and I’d never tell lie. The muscles in my heart are tougher than my shell, To “love” makes me stronger than to lift a barbell.”Willard the Sea Turtle, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
Carl Sagan|The entire evolutionary record on our planet, particularly the record contained in fossil endocasts, illustrates a progressive tendency toward intelligence. There is nothing mysterious about this:smart organisms by and large survive better and leave more offspring than stupid ones.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|A system is corrupt when it is strictly profit-driven, not driven to serve the best interests of its people.
Ash Gray, The Harvest|All I am, and all I love, is war. I don't know who I will be if I stop. The world, if it is to survive, needs a leader, not a warmonger. The world I want to make does not require me
Buzz Aldrin|As the Palestinian leadership never seems to pay any penalty for its words, America's seriousness about the peace process is in doubt.
Flannery O'Connor, The Artificial Nigger|To Jesus, "by faith alone" did not mean "by belief alone." To Jesus, faith was invariably linked to obedience.
Thich Nhat Hanh|Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace.
Jennifer Crusie, Bet Me|This is a woman you've known less than twelve hours. It took you a year to pick out a couch, but you're seriously—"“Yes,” Roger said. “She's the one.
Warren Eyster, The Goblins of Eros|Hi, Hello and Welcome to the blobby community here we support all different sizes of DOGS!
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|I listen to silence. And you have a lot to say. Although I haven't quite figured out what it is yet....I promise not to delve into what makes your silence so loud, if you promise not to walk out on me.
Oscar Wilde, The Soul of Man Under Socialism|The only thing that one really knows about human nature is that it changes. Change is the one quality we can predicate of it. The systems that fail are those that rely on the permanency of human nature, and not on its growth and development.
Lisa Murkowski|With the notion of marriage - an exclusive, emotional, binding 'til death do you part' tie - becoming more and more an exception to the rule given a rise in cohabitation and high rates of divorce, why should the federal government be telling adults who love one another that they cannot get married simply because they happen to be gay?
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If you are not willing to stand up for anything or anybody, then why should the Creator take a single step to help you?
Eric Chaisson, Epic of Evolution: Seven Ages of the Cosmos|It seems to me that the Russian prestige is declining and that America holds in its hands the immediate future of the world: as long as America knows how to develop the sense of the earth at the same time as her sense of liberty." [Written from Peking, October 1945, on the eve of departure, after having been stuck there since the war began.]
Umberto Eco, How to Travel with a Salmon and Other Essays|It's extraordinary, the amount of misunderstandings there are even between two people who discuss a thing quite often - both of them assuming different things and neither of them discovering the discrepancy.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, This Is My Life|A gift freely given,I did not ask to be in this state: living.
Lucille Ball|Heaven knows that I have done all that a mortal could do, to save the people, and the failure was not my fault, but the fault of others.
Connie Willis, The Winds of Marble Arch and Other Stories|I was on a walking tour of Oxford colleges once with a group of bored and unimpressable tourists. They yawned at Balliol's quad, T.E. Lawrence's and Churchill's portraits, and the blackboard Einstein wrote his E=mc2 on. Then the tour guide said, 'And this is the Bridge of Sighs, where Lord Peter proposed (in Latin) to Harriet,' and everyone suddenly came to life and began snapping pictures. Such is the power of books.
Marian Tee, Heart Racer|You know you really love someone when you do not hate them for breaking your heart.True and unconditional love is a song that never ends, never goes away completely. It has its commas, but never a period. You will still always care. And a piece of your heart is forever dedicated to someone you truly loved.﻿
Julianna Baggott|When people unfortunately use religion to facilitate their envy, arrogance and hate, communalism surfaces.
Frank MacDonald, Tinker and Blue|Just love everybody!? Do you love everybody, Karma? Could you love Hitler? Answer me that! Could you love Hitler, huh?""I wonder what would have happened if somebody did, Blue?
James A. Baldwin|Money doesn't talk, it swears.
Ross  Turner, Midnight|Death, child. It’s beckoning us both, my brother and I.
C. JoyBell C.|The coward says in his heart “There is no love.” Because, standing in the shadows of the big, grand, and powerful existence of love, his small spirit is left feeling even smaller and less significant. And so he chooses to deny the existence of love altogether. Because he is too small to have it.
George A. Romero|How do you rate works of genius? Partly by personal inclination, partly by accepted wisdom, partly by popularity.
Sharon Kay Penman, Time and Chance|In the tide of these wild thoughts we checked our fancy, remembering that only on the rare grains called planets can life gain foothold, and that all this wealth of restless jewels was but a waste of fire.
Swami Dhyan Giten, The Silent Whisperings of the Heart - An Introduction to Giten's Approach to Life|Through becoming aware of how the inner man and woman relates and communicates inside ourselves, it creates a joy and satisfaction in the three life areas that they influence: our meditation and inner growth, our relationships and our work and creativity.
Sharon Weil, Donny and Ursula Save the World|Visits always give pleasure--if not the arrival, the departure.
Jeffrey Hopkins, Meditation on Emptiness|...if we seek the permanence of an object as something existing from its own side, we discover something inexpressible. If we take three sticks and place them together in a certain way, they will all stand up. If each of the sticks could stand under its own power, it would remain standing even if the others were removed, but they cannot. In this way we must understand dependent arising precisely. Another way of thinking about it is to consider clothing. Only when cloth is of the correct color, shape, and so forth is it labeled "clothing." Or think of a clock. Whenever we see a clock, we label it a clock, but if we were to separate the component pieces, then the "clock" would cease to exist, because no basis of imputation would remain. In actuality there was no truly existent clock in the first place—only the causes and conditions fit to be labeled a "clock.
Kelly Clarkson|No matter how dark things may get in a story, I feel it's the responsibility of the storyteller to leave the audience with at least a shred of hope.
Kady Cross, The Girl in the Clockwork Collar|Be ready for every moment, you don’t know which check is the checkmate.
Christian Louboutin|I never was interested in being part of the fashion world - I just wanted to design shoes. I didn't even know 'Vogue' existed when I was growing up. 'Vogue,' what is that?'
Kyo Maclear, Virginia Wolf|If I were flying, I would travel to a perfect place. A place with frosted cakes and beautiful flowers and excellent trees to climb and absolutely no doldrums.
Philip Roth, Everyman|The worst part of childhood is not knowing that bad things pass, that time passes. A terrible moment in childhood hovers with s kind of eternity, unbearable.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Be assured that any hurt to your spirit will pass in time. It is the nature of Death to take, but the nature of Life to give.
Jennifer Hillman|For love, as she knew it now, was something without shame and without reserve, the possession of two people who had no barrier between them, and no pride; whatever happened to him would happen to her too, all feeling, all movement, all sensation of body and of mind.
E.L. Konigsburg|If you begin to understand what you are without trying to change it, then what you are undergoes a transformation.
Glen Hirshberg, Motherless Child|More than anything, Natalie wanted to move to the bed, take Sophie's hand, sit beside her.Lay her head against her shoulder. But she didn't dare. Or maybe just couldn't. Fear. Friendship. Desire. Regret. Remorse. Longing. Hunger. Terror. It was getting so hard to tell the difference between any of those things. If she'd ever been able to. If anyone really could.
Pat Conroy, The Prince of Tides|The most tragic consequence of our criticism of a man is to block his way to humiliation and grace, precisely to drive him into the mechanisms of self justification and into his faults instead of freeing him from them. For him, our voice drowns the voice of God.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah|Come forward as servants of Islam, organize the people economically, socially, educationally and politically and I am sure that you will be a power that will be accepted by everybody.
Joshua Fields Millburn, Everything That Remains: A Memoir by the Minimalists|I used to think of work as a bad word. Back in the corporate world, work was something that prevented me from living, something that kept me from feeling satisfied or fulfilled or passionate. Even the word itself carried with it a negative connotation. Work—bluck! When I left the corporate world, I swore off the word altogether. Noun, verb, adjective—I avoided all of work’s iterations. I no longer ‘went to work,’ so that was easy to remove from my vocabulary. In fact, I no longer ‘worked’ at all; instead I replaced the word with a more specific verb: I would ‘write’ or ‘teach’ or ‘speak’ or ‘volunteer,’ but I refused to ‘work.’ I no longer went to the gym to ‘workout’; instead I ‘exercised.’ And I stopped wearing ‘work clothes’; I chose instead to wear ‘dress clothes.’ And I avoided getting ‘worked up,’ preferring to call it ‘stress’ or ‘anxiety.’ And I didn’t bring my car to the shop to get ‘worked on,’ deciding instead to have my vehicle ‘repaired.’ Hell, I even avoided ‘handiwork’ 92 and ‘housework,’ selecting their more banal alternatives. Suffice it to say, I wanted nothing to do with the word. I wanted it not only stricken from my lexicon, but from my memory, erasing every shred of the thing that kept me from pursuing my dream for over a decade. But after a year of that nonsense, I realized something: it wasn’t the word that was bad; it was the meaning I gave to the word. It took removing the word from my everyday speech for a year to discover that it wasn’t a bad word at all. During that year, I had been pursuing my dream, and guess what—when I looked over my shoulder at everything I’d accomplished, I realized that pursuing my dream was, in fact, a lot of work. It took a lot of work to grow a website. It took a lot of work to publish five books. It took a lot of work to embark on a coast-to-coast tour. It took a lot of work to teach my first writing class. It took a lot of work to pursue my dream. Work wasn’t the problem. What I did as my work was the problem. I wasn’t passionate about my work before—my work wasn’t my mission—and so I wanted to escape from work so I could live a more rewarding life, looking to balance out the tedium of the daily grind. But work and life don’t work that way. Even when you’re pursuing your dream, there will be times of boredom and stress and long stretches of drudgery. That’s alright. It’s all worth it in the end. When your work becomes your life’s mission, you no longer need a work-life balance.
Percy Bysshe Shelley, The Necessity of Atheism|To talk of immaterial existences is to talk of nothings. Tosay that the human soul, angels, god, are immaterial, is tosay they are nothings, or that there is no god, no angels,no soul. I cannot reason otherwise .. . without plunginginto the fathomless abyss of dreams and phantasms. I amsatisfied, and sufficiently occupied with the things whichare, without tormenting or troubling myself aboutthose which may indeed be, but of which I have noevidence.
Sarah Bessey, Jesus Feminist: An Invitation to Revisit the Bible’s View of Women|And now for me, faith is less of a brick edifice of belief and doctrine and right answers than it is a wide-open sky ringed with pine trees black against a cold sunset, an altar, a welcome, bread and wine, an unfathomably ferocious love, and a profound sense of my belovedness.
Edmund Phelps|We were told this war would be over in a matter of weeks, and that the Iraqis would be able to finance it with oil sales. We were promised it was not a mission of nation building.
Michael Nutter|So I feel like success is opportunity plus preparation, so work begets work, and as long as you're prepared it's going to continue to come your way.
Vinnie Tesla|We have held the peculiar notion that a person or society that is a little different from us, whoever we are, is somehow strange or bizarre, to be distrusted or loathed. Think of the negative connotations of words like alien or outlandish. And yet the monuments and cultures of each of our civilizations merely represent different ways of being human. An extraterrestrial visitor, looking at the differences among human beings and their societies, would find those differences trivial compared to the similarities.
Patricia Briggs|It didn't matter; by now she knew she loved him in any skin. In her book there was another tale - one of the original eighteen - of a dragon who had a human wife, and Neve had never understood it before, at least from the wifes point of view. Love was love. But she hoped that he was not a dragon.
Marcus Samuelsson|You have to balance, but you can be aggressive as a chef. It benefits the food. You have to be passionate. You can't be angry cooking.
Katlyn Charlesworth, Where Men Sit|Everything beautiful has a story it wants to tell'" she said reading aloud the store's tagline at the top of the form.. "I love that.
Debasish Mridha|Love has power in it; it can melt any heart, if your love is true and divine.
Jonathan Lynn, Mayday|..all subjects are forms of discourse and that, therefore, almost all education is a form of language education. Knowledge of a subject mostly means knowledge of the language of that subject. Biology, after all, is not plants and animals; it is a special language employed to speak about plants and animals. History is not events that once occurred; it is a language describing and interpreting events, according to rules established by historians. Astronomy is not planets and stars but a special way of talking about planets and stars, quite different from the language poets use to talk about them.
James Klise|If we could visit Highsmith today, I would lead you down the silent corridors until we came to a striking seal on the floor, a blood-red H carved in stone. This hallowed seal represents the sacred Honor of every student who spends four years at Highsmith. The stone seal is indelible, consecrated by the generations of alumnae who have passed by, understanding and believing. No outsider, no matter how cunning, can ever steal that belief away.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|A 'good man' is a male creature that survives the endless episodes that its woman spends complaining about women who she hates, and, women who hate her.
Jeffrey Fry|In times of great chaos, people tend to follow a man with a plan.
Arima Kousei|Maybe...just maybe, the light can reach even the bottom of a dark ocean.
Will Smith|Disco deserved a better name, a beautiful name because it was a beautiful art form. It made the consumer beautiful. The consumer was the star.
Gillian Anderson|I am a child of the American Century, and I feel a genetic commitment to understanding why it happened, and why I take it so personally.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Depreciation of money can benefit debtors only when it is unforeseen. If inflationary measures and a reduction of the value of money are expected, then those who lend money will demand higher interest in order to compensate their probable loss of capital, and those who seek loans will be prepared to pay the higher interest because they have a prospect of gaining on capital account.
Salman Rushdie, Haroun and the Sea of Stories|Stories are the only enchantment possible, for when we begin to see our suffering as a story, we are saved.
Rose Wynters, My Wolf Cowboy|He laughed and it sounded startled and a bit rusty, as if he didn't do that very often.
C. JoyBell C.|Men are taught how to be what a woman wants and women are taught how to be what a man wants, therefore, people end up with people because there is something offered which they want; not because they see the other person, understand the other person, share the other person's dreams... why are not men and women being taught how to show other people their dreams, the colours of their souls, their fears and pains, their joys and laughters? People should be falling in love with people! Not with ideas!
Ridley Scott|In '83, not only was there no such thing as performance motion capture technology, there was no such thing as digital animation. This was the analog era.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|To many people, the mention of the blood of Christ is distasteful. However, on [a] visit to Mayo Clinic I noticed that at each reception desk there were pamphlets entitled A Gift of Life, urging people to donate blood.Anyone who has gone through surgery and looked up to seethe bag of blood dripping slowly into his veins,realizes with gratitude the life-giving property of blood.5
Valeria Luiselli, Los ingrávidos|In writing I try to pare down the descriptive bits. If I feel that I could say something in as few words as possible, then I would rather do it than to go on padding. One should describe sufficiently to give the reader a sense of what one feels, but not at the same time overwhelm the reader in any way. For example, I feel that if you use lots of adjectives they have a mutually cancelling effect. If you can describe a scene well enough, without having to use far too many words, I would rather do so.
John W. Whitehead, A Government of Wolves: The Emerging American Police State|People ask me what my greatest strengths are and I say perspective. The best way to get that is to meet people that are polar opposites; you learn the most from them. There are pieces of you that are inherently yours, but everything else is a collection of the things you’ve seen and the people you’ve met.
Bindi Irwin|My dad was the way he was, but he also gave me a motto: never say die. Just to keep pushing and pushing, fighting until the end. He put it in my head that you're always going to fight, and you're always going to beat them.
Drew Magary, Someone Could Get Hurt: A Memoir of Twenty-First-Century Parenthood|It's a fact that every minute you hold a child, it triples in mass.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|She said, "It's not life or death, the labyrinth.""Um, okay. So what is it?""Suffering," she said. "Doing wrong and having wrong things happen to you. That's the problem. Bolivar was talking about the pain, not about the living or dying. How do you get out of the labyrinth of suffering?... Nothing's wrong. But there's always suffering, Pudge. Homework or malaria or having a boyfriend who lives far away when there's a good-looking boy lying next to you. Suffering is universal. It's the one thing Buddhists, Christians, and Muslims are all worried about.
Mike Basevic, No Limits, Mastering the Mental Edge|Focus your thoughts on what you want in every area of your life...the more you think and focus on something, the more you will bring energy to it and make it happen.
George P. Shultz|The minute you start talking about what you’re going to do if you lose, you have lost.
William Shakespeare, The Rape of Lucrece|Manifest plainness,Embrace simplicity,Reduce selfishness,Have few desires.
Ruth Fulton Benedict|Warriors, warriors we call ourselves. We fight for splendid virtue, for high endeavor, for sublime wisdom, therefore we call ourselves warriors.
Dinesh Kumar Biran|What haunts me most about her eyes is the pain I put in them...In the corner of my dark soul, her passion is dark like a kohl.She is giving new meaning to these feelings...She is complete, she is whole.
Maureen F. McHugh, After the Apocalypse|Sydney did not believe in life after death, but in her experience, admitting this could lead to long and complicated discussions in which people seemed to think that since she did not believe in God or the afterlife, there was nothing to stop her from becoming an ax murderer.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|I celebrate who I am, what I love, and all of my blessings that lead to joy.
Henry James|I have been with Donald for 18 years, and I have been aware of his love for this country since we first met. He never had a hidden agenda when it comes to his patriotism because, like me, he loves this country so much.
Ian Fleming, From Russia With Love|Fate has her golden sons, and her bastards.
Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, Flashes of Thought|I am a writer, period!
Brigid Brophy, Fifty Works of English Literature We Could Do Without|In a sense, the first (if not necessarily the prime) function of a novelist, of ANY artist, is to entertain. If the poem, painting, play or novel does not immediately engage one's surface interest then it has failed. Whatever else it may or may not be, art is also entertainment. Bad art fails to entertain. Good art does something in addition.
Tony Robbins|If you plan on being anything less than you are capable of being, you will probably be unhappy all the days of your life.
Marc Jacobs|I'm not really well educated - other than an art survey course at the High School of Art and Design in New York when I was, like, 15. I don't know the history of art, but I got over intimidation from the art world when I realized that I was allowed to feel whatever I want and like whatever I want.
Jennifer Turner, Eternal Seduction|Does your license plate mean something?" Bing asked. "En-o-ess-four-a-two?""Nosferatu," the man Charlie Manx said."Nosfer-what-who?"Manx said, "It is one of my little jokes. My first wife once accused me of being a Nosferatu. She did not use that exact word, but close enough.
William Lloyd Garrison|The word 'God' usually signifies 'Lord', but every lord is not a God. It is the dominion of a spiritual being which constitutes a God: a true, supreme, or imaginary dominion makes a true, supreme, or imaginary God.
Robert James Waller, The Bridges of Madison County|We have both lost ourselves and created something else, something that exists only as an interlacing of the two of us. Christ, we're in love. As deeply, as profoundly, as it's possible to be in love.
Jake Byrne, First and Goal: What Football Taught Me About Never Giving Up|Plowing through life, you’re bound to run into obstructions. Some of life’s trials result from mistakes and missteps, and some from poor choices. I know about that too, because I’ve made my share of blunders and had to face the consequences.Other times, the unexpected lands in your hands like a wayward ball and the “trouble” coming at you is like a 250-pound linebacker blitzing straight off the edge.￼
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|Hello!" He said hello and then said, "What are you up to now?" "I'm still crazy. The rain feels good. I love to walk in it. "I don't think I'd like that," he said. "You might if you tried." "I never have." She licked her lips. "Rain even tastes good." "What do you do, go around trying everything once?" he asked. "Sometimes twice.
Efrat Israeli, Her Promised Road|A day will come when a woman will be elected to the top of the pyramid, to be a prime minister or a president, and the whole world will know her and hear about her. She may be sitting here amongst us.
Frank Herbert, Dune Messiah|The reason the very concept of God has become at once so impoverished, so thoroughly mythical, and ultimately so incredible for so many modern persons is not because of all the interesting things we have learned over the past few centuries, but because of all the vital things we have forgotten.
Stacey O'Neale, Under His Skin|Hilary peered over her shoulder at Cam, letting her eyes lazily take him in, "See you soon, tiger."	They both watched as the door closed behind her. 	Cam made a moaning sound with a wild expression across his face. "She's going to be fun to tame.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|If you hide the talents, you hide your brand. It’s simple.
Asrie Budiasriati|the art of reading, it occupies your mind no matter at any situation or mood you're in..bringing you to completely different world, the enchanting world of the characters..giving you the best feeling after reading it..the art of writing, it shows who you are, what are your real passions, what you've been through..inviting other people to see and experience your own world..hoping they have the best feeling that you have when writing it. As much as the feeling you always have when you read the books you've read before..
Bruce Sterling|For me, going vegan was an ethical and environmental decision. I'm doing the right thing by the animals.
Mike Resnick|The Boy looked at him for a long time before responding. “Well, as long as you’re my friend, I’ll never ignore you,” he said with conviction. “I know what it’s like to be invisible to other people.
Aldous Huxley, The Genius And The Goddess|The trouble with fiction," said John Rivers, "is that it makes too much sense. Reality never makes sense.
Russell Anthony Gibbs, The Six Principles of Enlightenment and Meaning of Life|Sometimes I think evil is a tangible thing--with wave lengths, just as sound and light have. An evil place can, so to speak, broadcast vibrations of evil.
James D. Sass, Essays in Satanism|I do detest the human race as a whole, but some groups are more deserving than others,
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The devil has successfully fooled many churches, convincing them to follow the world. Biblical standards have been compromised by convenient social theories.
|Life is always sweet on the positive lane, but you must give it a try and a try and a try for however long it would take to find out.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|A man cannot realize that above such shattered bodies there are still human faces in which life goes its daily round. And this is only one hospital, a single station; there are hundreds of thousands in Germany, hundreds of thousands in France, hundreds of thousands in Russia. How senseless is everything that can ever be written, done, or thought, when such things are possible. It must be all lies and of no account when the culture of a thousand years could not prevent this stream of blood being poured out, these torture chambers in their hundreds of thousands. A hospital alone shows what war is.
Russell Anthony Gibbs, The Six Principles of Enlightenment and Meaning of Life|Conscious Parenting on Children's Happiness and matrix of influences: 'We live surrounded by an increasingly complex matrix of impulses allowing strangers of all sorts (TV, media, Internet) interfere in our children’s mental, emotional and spiritual development. Understanding this intricate network and how does the human brain interacts with it is increasingly becoming our door to happiness and health.
Terri Fields, After the Death of Anna Gonzales|I could always accept not being the prettiest or the smartestBecause I had the best of friends.A and A they called us.But, Anna, somehow, I failed you. And now I've lost the best part ofMe.
Steven Magee|You will serve. Either someone else's vision and purpose, or your own.
Cardeno C., Something in the Way He Needs|It’s one way or another, Summer. For me, it’s black and white. You’re either in the friend zone or the lover zone. And with you…Gosh, Summer, you’re in my danger zone. My rip-my-heart-out and change-me-forever zone. I have to tread lightly with you. Because if I don’t, I may never be able to find my way back.
Paul  Travis, Who I Am: Poetry|Their words also make it a lot easier for people to justify that shift -- to convince themselves that surfing the Web is a suitable, even superior, substitute for deep reading and other forms of calm and attentive thought. In arguing that books are archaic and dispensable, Federman and Shirky provide the intellectual cover that allows thoughtful people to slip comfortably in the permanent state of distractedness that defines the online life.
Max Weber|The intellect, like all cultural values, has created an aristocracy based on the possession of rational culture and independent of all personal ethical qualities of man. The aristocracy of intellect is hence an unbrotherly aristocracy.
Dada Bhagwan|All those that don’t allow us to do things for the Soul (our True Self), they are our opposers (kashays); we shouldn’t listen to them.
Thomas Piketty|The question will arise and arise in your day, though perhaps not fully in mine: Which shall rule — wealth or man? Which shall lead — money or intellect? Who shall fill public stations — educated and patriotic freemen or the feudal serfs of corporate capital?
Daniel Gottlieb, Letters to Sam: A Grandfather's Lessons on Love, Loss, and the Gifts of Life|When we stop fighting against death, we are able to wake up to our lives.
Suzanne Brockmann, Out of Control|You love me,” he said. “That’s all I need to know.” “You always say the right thing,” Savannah told him, her eyes so filled with love that he almost wept. “Sometimes it takes you awhile to get to it, but you always get there, and what you say is always worth waiting for.
Joseph de Maistre|War is thus divine in itself, since it is a law of the world. War is divine through its consequences of a supernatural nature which are as much general as particular. War is divine in the mysterious glory that surrounds it and in the no less inexplicable attraction that draws us to it. War is divine by the manner in which it breaks out.
Matthew Woodring Stover, Blade of Tyshalle|We realized that the version of the world [our parents] rendered for us was not the world they really believed in, and that for all their caretaking and bitching about crabgrass they didn't give a damn about lawns.
Regina Sirois, On Little Wings|[Aunt] Patricia smiled, and we walked in silence for a while. But it wasn't a poisonous silence. It was the sort of silence shared by two people who're comfortable enough not to force a conversation ahead of its logical progression. I found this woman's company to be incredibly soothing.
Kate Noble, Compromised|Where there is a will, there is a way.
Robin S. Sharma, Megaliving!: 30 Days to a Perfect Life - The Ultimate Action Plan for Total Mastery of Your Mind, Body and Character|If you focus on good, you will excel and reach higher planes. if you dwell on the negative aspects of life, you will get nowhere fast.
Benjamin Lotter|All our time spent making lists would be better spent painting, or writing, Or singing, or learning to speak stories. Sometimes I feel as though the Church has a kind of pity for Scripture, Always having to come behind it and explain everything, put everything into actionable steps, acronyms and hidden secrets, as though the original writers, and for that matter the Holy Spirit Who worked in the lives of the original writers, were a bunch of you literate hillbillies. I think the methodology God used to explain His Truth is quite superior. My life is a story, more than a list. I don't feel that a list could ever explain the complexity of all this beauty.
Marianne Moore|Let me also say I wanna make you sandwhiches,And soup,And peanut butter cookies,Though, the truth is peanutbutter is actually really bad for you 'cause they grow peanuts in old cotton fields to clean the toxins out of the soil,But hey, you like peanutbutter and I like you!
Chris Wooding, Poison|By nature, a storyteller is a plagiarist. Everything one comes across—each incident, book, novel, life episode, story, person, news clip—is a coffee bean that will be crushed, ground up, mixed with a touch of cardamom, sometimes a tiny pinch of salt, boiled thrice with sugar, and served as a piping-hot tale.
P.D. James, An Unsuitable Job for a Woman|What more is required than a kind of stupid, insensitive doggedness, as lover, as writer, together with a readiness to fail and fail again?
Bonnie Tyler|When we understand the connection between how we live and how long we live, it's easier to make different choices. Instead of viewing the time we spend with friends and family as luxuries, we can see that these relationships are among the most powerful determinants of our well-being and survival.
Meghan Markle|At a show, I'll look out from the stage and see a woman with a pearl necklace next to a guy in a Grateful Dead T-shirt next to a young kid with his mom. It's fun to see them all together.
Martin Filler|Very few people possess true artistic ability. It is therefore both unseemly and unproductive to irritate the situation by making an effort. If you have a burning, restless urge to write or paint, simply eat something sweet and the feeling will pass.
Lenny Bruce, The Essential Lenny Bruce: his original unexpurgated satirical routines|Satire is tragedy plus time. You give it enough time, the public, the reviewers will allow you to satirize it. Which is rather ridiculous, when you think about it.
Robin Jones Gunn, Surprise Endings|We all need to have dreams. The question is, does the dream control you or do you control the dream?
Ramona Ausubel, A Guide to Being Born: Stories|Petra, people tell me that I will 'move on' and I can't believe it. But if it ever does happen, and I forget to feel this pressing absence of you, if I make it through a meaningless party and don't remember to hate everyone for their peaceful lives until the morning, please know that I am already sorry. I am going to try to be brave like you asked me to, but I don't have any idea yet what that means. Is it braver to allow the sadness of your leaving to spread into each of my bones until it is as big as you were to me? Or is it braver to let you drift out into what may very well be a brighter, finer place than this and be happy to think of your joy there? I hope, Petra, that I get it right.
Charles Dickens|This boy is Ignorance. This girl is Want. Beware them both, and all of their degree, but most of all beware this boy.
Sunday Adelaja|We must stop seeing our anointed men and women of God as Seers, magic workers, Herbalist and native doctors.
Neil Gaiman|In every town we lived in, there was one great big door ready to open for anyone — the library. And I never met a library I didn’t like.
Amit Ray, Mindfulness Meditation for Corporate Leadership and Management|Compassionate leaders know their stakeholders and address their concerns, their hopes, dreams and fears.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With gentleness, you will calm every aggressive action.
Elizabeth McCracken, The Giant's House|Can I tell you something? It wasn't so bad. Not so bad at all right then, me scowling at the dirt, James in his bed, the way it always always was. Look, if that's all that happened, if his dying just meant that I would be waiting for him to say something instead of listening to him say something, it would have been fine.
Mussadiq Abdul Rahim|Genius is one per cent inspiration, ninety-nine per cent perspiration.
Kevin Hart|Being a stand-up is my mission in life; it's my passion. My ongoing goal is to simply be funny, on my own, in front of a roomful of strangers.
Susan Sarandon|[I]t takes so little effort and money to get rid of malaria, to bring in clean water, to give people a chance at an education. When you don't have hope, that's when people start to do weird, horrible, violent things. That's at the bottom of it. It's just a question of prioritizing. The funds are t
G.S. Jennsen, Starshine: Aurora Rising Book One|The brain represented the most complex organism ever to exist, and impossible to tame. Morality could not be spawned by tweaking a few genes or shutting off a few neurons. Not yet. So though humanity conquered the very stars, it remained unable to conquer the darkness within.
Julien Gracq|Often, beyond the next turning, footfalls of a herd galloping across stone were heard, or further in the distance, with reassuring grunts, a wild boar could be seen, trotting with steady stride along the edge of the road with her sow and a whole procession of young in tow. And then one's heart beat faster upon advancing a little into the subtle light: one might have said that the path had suddenly become wild, thick with grass, its dark paving-slabs engulfed by nettles, blackthorn and sloe, so that it mingled up time past rather than crossing country-side, and perhaps it was going to issue forth, in the chiaroscuro of thicket smelling of moistened down and fresh grass, into one of those glades where animals spoke to men.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Writing is an exemplary means to make contact with the whole of the self. What ultimately makes up the self is a collation of personal knowledge derived from physical, mental, and emotional experiences. The only way to divine the self is to understand what comprises its constituent components. The self is what we do, think, and act. Writing is not merely a documenter of the actions of the self. Writing, similar to other artistic activities, is one of the fundamental activities that a self can perform.
|Life has never been about dwelling on the past negative chapters of your life; instead, it is about creating new fulfilling ones.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Since the end of the postwar economic boom, certain strategies have been intensified to stimulate consumption, especially strategies aimed at American youth that project sexual activity as instant fulfillment and violence as the locus of machismo identity. This market activity has contributed greatly to the disorientation and confusion of American youth, and those with less education and fewer opportunities bear the brunt of this cultural chaos.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we had given up too soon, we would have miss the sunniest of today.
Winston S. Churchill|Instead of the word 'love' there was an enormous heart, a symbol sometimes used by people who have trouble figuring out the difference between words and shapes.
Lost|I wasn't always who I am now. No one ever is. I've spent my entire lifetime becoming who I am. Finally, I'm here and I'm old. It's depressing, it really is.
Bible Review|Resurrection hope turned those who believed it into a counter-empire, an alternative society that knew the worst that tyrants could do and knew that the true God had the answer.
Mother Teresa, In the Heart of the World: Thoughts, Stories and Prayers|Suffering is nothing by itself. But suffering shared with the passion of Christ is a wonderful gift, the most beautiful gift, a token of love.
Meera Syal, Anita and Me|But tonight I finally made the connection that change always strolled hand in hand with loss, with upheaval, and that I would always feel it keenly because in the end, I did not live under the same sky as most other people. (p179)
Pixie Lott|As a songwriter I hate this whole, 'If it's a sad song, it has to sound like a sad song thing.' And that goes all the way back to my days with the Format. I'm an insane narcissist, so if I have to get something off my chest, I'll get something off my chest.
Daniel Willey|I swear from the bottom of my heart I want to be healed. I want to be like other men, not this outcast whom nobody wants.
George Orwell, 1984|Beyond the late Fifties everything faded. When there were no external records that you could refer to, even the outline of your own life lost its sharpness. You remembered huge events which had quite probably not happened, you remembered the details of incidents without being able to recapture their atmosphere, and there were long blank periods to which you could assign nothing. Everything had been different then.
NoViolet Bulawayo, We Need New Names|Americans became so thoroughly democratic that much of the period's political activity, beginning with the Constitution, was diverted to finding means and devices to tame that democracy.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|It is a sea of blood. We come from the sea, Tim; our blood is salt, and strange tides ebb and flow within us all.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Things that are truly great need nothing from me, and to somehow think that they do speaks to my utter lack of greatness.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The state of no being, knows neither pleasure nor pain. It is purely divine.
Marilyn Manson|If you want to find out who your real friends are, sink the ship. The first ones to jump aren't your friends.
Tig Notaro|When your dreams are close to coming true, it does not feel real at first.
Gift Gugu Mona|I understand why King Solomon asked for wisdom from God. For wisdom is like oil to a lamp, what would be the essence of having a lamp without oil in darkness?.
Melissa  Brown, Picturing Perfect|Enjoy the movie. I hear the guy gets the girl” I said, my tone bold and flirtatious. “Which guy?” She laughed, playing along. I could hear her smile through the phone. It felt good to make her smile. Really good.I paused before answering, “The one who deserves her.
Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.|If we had failed to pursue the facts as far as they led, we would have denied the public any knowledge of an unprecedented scheme of political surveillance and sabotage.
William Apess, Eulogy on King Philip|We want trumpets that sound like thunder, and men to act as though they were going to war with those corrupt and degrading principles that rob one of all rights, merely because he is ignorant, and of a little different color. Let us have principles that will give every one his due; and then shall wars cease, and the weary find rest.
Eric Micha'el Leventhal|Our instrumental part in the symphony of life is to allow love to create a space within our own awareness, through which the undreamed mystery may emerge as a knowable reality.
Terry Spear, Hawk Fae|There are a lot of reasons why everyone in the known universe has a boyfriend except for me. I can list the top five on command, just in case anyone’s ever interested. No one ever has been, but that’s no reason not to be prepared.
Jaeda DeWalt|Nature is our spirit, breathing.
John Updike, Rabbit Redux|Women, fire in their crotch, won't burn out, begin by fighting off pricks, end by going wild hunting for one that still works.
Joseph Joubert, The Notebooks of Joseph Joubert|Those for whom the world is not enough: saints, conquerors, poets, and all lovers of books.
Arianna Huffington|It's good to have a manager who shares your interests, or goals. You can presumably trust a husband. I don't know if it's the best way to work. I really shouldn't discuss this.
Richard Dawkins, The Greatest Show on Earth: The Evidence for Evolution|Life on earth evolved gradually beginning with one primitive life form – perhaps a self-replicating molecule – that lived more than 3.5 billion years ago; it then branched out over time, throwing off many new and diverse species; and the mechanism for most (but not all) of evolutionary change is natural selection. 
Lailah Gifty Akita|Live each day with great love, hope and faith.
Charles M. Blow|I've been working with Pat Robertson on Africa debt-relief, and we disagree on virtually everything except certain very specific, inalienable rights, and the truth is that morality and patriotism come in all shapes and sizes.
Giridhar Alwar, My Quest For Happy Life|Everything is in you, Sad, Joy, Mercy... Those you think of, you feel... when you feel, you act... So be wise in thinking....
Christopher Potter, How to Make a Human Being: A Body of Evidence|One of the easiest things in life is to judge others. One of the simplest things we can ever do is to tell how wrong people are. One of the most thoughtless things we can ever do is to show people their faults unconstructively. It is always so easy and common to do such things but, before you do that, find the uncommon reasons for the faulty life.Yes! before you do that, identify how to correct a faulty life and before you do that, think of what drives and invokes the joy, slothfulness or the melancholy in people. Until you go through what people have been through, until you experience what has become a part of people, until you understand what drives the real interest of people and until you become fully aware of the real vision, aspirations, desires and the needs of others, ponder before you criticize!
David Levithan, Another Day|Buy Facebook Likes: Buy Real Facebook Likes in Cheap Price | LiftLikes.comSocial Media Marketing ServicesWe’ll help you to improve your Social Media presence by offering some simple, clean and best packages with money back guarantee.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Have you ever said, “Well, all we can do now is pray”? . . . When we come to the end of ourselves, we come to the beginning of God.
Edward Herrmann|Flirting with the dark side has always had it's fascination. Because you learn, and there's wisdom there. Escpecially with the post-Freudian era with the young, the shadow is ninety percent gold. You hold treasures there that you need to learn about yourself to be a whole person.
Elaina Marie, Happiness is Overrated - Live the Inspired Life Instead|We can let our goals motivate and inspire us, but we don’t want to let them determine our happiness or self worth.
Virginia Postrel|All of us gave it all we've got, overcame a whole lot just being on the show and learned a lot about ourselves. We're just normal people trying to do what we love and follow our dreams.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|When I was a wee little kid," remarked Roic, watching over their shoulders, "there was a time I thought that any skinny old man I saw was my grandfather. It was pretty confusing.
J.A. Konrath, Whiskey Sour|Sorry to hear about your Dad."He shrugged. "He was seventy, and we always told him fast food would kill him.""Heart attack?""He was hit by a Pizza Express truck.
Nicholas Sparks, Dear John|Believe me, I'm no romantic, and while I've heard all about love at first sight, I've never believed in it, and I still don't. But even so, there was something there, something recognizably real, and I couldn't look away.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|It's like a big circle. I've gone on a get-a-man crusade, but so far it's been a disaster and I'm feeling as bad about myself as I ever have. I know I'm a great person and all that, a good friend, but I feel like real bottom of the barrel girlfriend material.
Finis Jennings Dake, God's Plan for Man: Contained in Fifty-Two Lessons, One for Each Week of the Year|There is no excuse for anyone to misunderstand God's Word if he will, like a child, accept the Bible for what it says, and be honest enough to consecrate himself to obey it. He must accept the Bible as God's Word. He must believe that God could not be honest if He sought to hide from man the very things He will judge him by in the end. He must accept the Bible as the final Court of Appeal on its own subjects, and forget man's interpretations and distortion of the Word. He must believe that God knows what He is talking about; that He knows how to express Himself in human language; that He said what He meant, and meant what He said; and that what He says on a subject is more important than what any man may say about it.
Christopher Mart, In the Shreds of Reality: Nameless|Christians believe their God gave us all free will - strange that for over 2000 years, they have tried to take that choice away.
Henri Poincare|The existence of symmetry laws is in full accordance with our daily experience. The simplest of these symmetries, the isotropy and homogeneity of space, are concepts that date back to the early history of human thought.
David Consuegra, On Trademarks: A Thesis|Everything great that has ever happened to humanity has begun as a single thought in someone's mind, and if anyone of us is capable of such a thought, then all of us has the same capacity, capability, because we're all the same.
Edna Stewart, Carpe Diem|You are who you are what you say you are to people, but who are you when no one is watching?
Laurence Sterne, The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman|If death, said my father, reasoning with himself, is nothing but the separation of the soul from the body;--and if it is true that people can walk about and do their business without brains,--then certes the soul does not inhabit there.
James Avery|By including children with different learning abilities in mainstream and specialized schools, we can change attitudes and promote respect. By creating suitable jobs for adults with autism, we integrate them into society.
Mary E. DeMuth, Wall Around Your Heart|Fear is just like mist. Don’t let it disorient you from living outside God's palm. Acknowledge it, then take any one step in any one direction... and repeat.
Anthony T. Hincks|If you take each step, as if it was your last. You would appreciate the world in all its glory and bask in the glory of god for in his wisdom he created us and the universe all around us.
Elizabeth Wein, Code Name Verity|Mary Queen of Scots had a little dog, a Skye terrier, that was devoted to her. Moments after Mary was beheaded, the people who were watching saw her skirts moving about and they thought her headless body was trying to get itself to its feet. But the movement turned out to be her dog, which she had carried to the block with her, hidden in her skirts. Mary Stuart is supposed to have faced her execution with grace and courage (she wore a scarlet chemise to suggest she was being martyred), but I don’t think she could have been so brave if she had not secretly been holding tight to her Skye terrier, feeling his warm, silky fur against her trembling skin.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|When you do fall in love with me, Eena, I don’t want it to be because I gave into your demands, but because your heart gave into its desire to truly be loved.” With an injured frown he uttered goodnight and left the room.	She stood alone, chastised and bruised. It seemed right to apologize for her insensitive words, but not now. Not while a room full of people remained out there.
Magan Vernon, The Only One|It wouldn’t be long until I made my declaration. I didn’t just need my position to be clear, I needed to blind Whitney with blazing fireballs of glory. Real hardcore knock-em-down shit.
George Orwell|The men I idolized built their bodies and became somebody - like Sylvester Stallone and Arnold Schwarzenegger - and I thought, 'That can be me.' So I started working out. The funny thing is I didn't realize back then that I was having a defining moment.
Ludwig von Mises, Theory and History: An Interpretation of Social and Economic Evolution|Only stilted pedants can conceive the idea that there are absolute norms to tell what is beautiful and what is not. They try to derive from the works of the past a code of rules with which, as they fancy, the writers and artists of the future should comply. But the genius does not cooperate with the pundit.
Nikos Kazantzakis, Saint Francis|Whenever you become aware of a conflict in the world, realize that you only perceive it as a conflict because it resonates with something that's already inside of you.
Shahenshah Hafeez Khan|Let them judge you.Let them misunderstand you.Let them gossip about you.Their opinions aren’t your problem.You stay kind, committed to love, and free in your authenticity.No matter what they do or say,don’t you dare doubt your worthor the beauty of your truth.Just keep on shining like you do.
David Finkel, Thank You for Your Service|The greatest regret of my military career was as Commanding General of the 1st Cavalry Division in Iraq in 2004-2005, he later wrote of the decision he made. I lost 169 soldiers during that year-long deployment. However, the monument we erected at Fort Hood, Texas, in memoriam lists 168 names. I approved the request of others not to include the name of the one soldier who committed suicide. I deeply regret my decision.
James Joyce, A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man|Beauty is an advantage, smile is guarantee.
Mary-Ellen Peters|Whether it's something that happened twenty years ago or only yesterday I must start out with an emotion, one that's close to me and that I can understand.
Nikos Kazantzakis, Saint Francis|You can steal someone's Art,But not their Heart.You can immitate them,But you can never be like them.You can hurt them,But you cannot kill their will to love again.You can leave,But your space will always be filled by someone better than you.
William Marshall, The Far Away Man|He placed a pinch of snow on his tongue and thought of making snow ice cream with Frank and their mother when they were small boys - 'First you stir in the vanilla' - Frank standing on a stool on his wondrously functional pre-Libya legs, the bullet that would sever his spinal cord still twenty-five years away but already approaching: a woman giving birth to a child who will someday pull the trigger on a gun, a designer sketching the weapon or its precursor, a dictator making a decision that will spark in the fullness of time into the conflagration that Frank will go overseas to cover for Reuters, the pieces of a pattern drifting closer together.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|The idea that I might not-- in an earlier era, or a different country-- have a choice in the matter seems both emotionally and physically barbaric.
John O'Donohue|You is blessin’ folks with your dollars and service, but a dollar bill and plate of food ain’t changin’ a life. That takes love.
Laura Kinsale, Flowers from the Storm|He put his fist against his chest. “Burn, Maddygirl,” he said. Then he turned and left her in the flickering gloom and thunder.
Ray Charles|The guard rails on a highway may restrict some folks from driving the way they want, but those rules mostly end up saving the lives of those other drivers who understand that living in a society means behaving in a commonly beneficial way.
W.E.B. Du Bois, The Autobiography of W.E.B. Du Bois: A Soliloquy on Viewing My Life from the Last Decade of Its First Century|The Rochester group [of VOTF], however, was met with some concern as they found it hard to believe my account as it unfolded before them. I feel that some people have a hard time with the truths around us, not only the sexual abuse by priests, but all bad things. I call it chosen ignorance. This modified form of ignorance is found in people who, if confronted with certain truths realize that they have to accept them and thereby acknowledge evil, and that scares them. Opening up and letting the truth in might knock them off their perceived center. It is too hard, period."(VOTF - Voice of the Faithful - a Catholic group that wants to change the Church, keep the faith.)
Pearl  Zhu, Unpuzzling Innovation: Mastering Innovation Management in a Structural Way|Creativity is a flow, an abstract and an imagination.
Cheryl Ladd|My father comes from a generation of film that actors my age don't even know about, which is really sad.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|Jeez, Hazel," Percy said, "tell your horse to watch his language."Hazel tried not to laugh. "What did he say?""With the cussing removed? He said he can get us to the top."Frank looked incredulous. "I thought the horse couldn't fly!"This time Arion whinnied so angrily, even Hazel could guess he was cursing."Dude," Percy told the horse, "I've gotten suspended for saying less than that...
George Orwell, The Road to Wigan Pier|If you took the most ardent revolutionary, vested him in absolute power, within a year he would be worse than the Tsar himself.
Dada Bhagwan|By saying ‘this is wrong’, one is selling (wasting away) an invaluable human life!
Jean Rhys, Good Morning, Midnight|I had had the job for three weeks. It was dreary. You couldn't read; they didn't like it. I would feel as if I were drugged, sitting there, watching those damned dolls, thinking what a success they would have made of their lives if they had been women. Satin skin, silk hair, velvet eyes, sawdust heart - all complete.
Georgia Kakalopoulou, Θεοί και φύλακες|You are a guardian ... arent you?"He nailed me with his eyes. "Yes.""So .... why are you with me?
Ann Aguirre, Doubleblind|I'll always want him. Until every sun goes dark in every sky, until I am nothing more than long-forgotten cosmic dust, I will want him. And even then I suspect my particles will long for his.
Neil Harbisson|For centuries, cultures throughout the world have used indigenous technologies to navigate life's complexities. From navigator-priests in Micronesia to mystics in India, vast sums of knowledge are available if we but recognize it.
Ryan Graudin, Invictus|You’ll live for as long as you live, and once you stop living, you don’t have to worry about staying alive any more because you’ll be dead.
Joanne Walsh, A Wife in Every Sense|It's hard to unlock a door with a condom," Emma shot back.His brilliant smile stole her heart. "Honey, you'd be surprised how many doors those babies have unlocked.
Søren Kierkegaard|Life is not a problem to be solved, but a reality to be experienced.
Kate Klise|I was no chief and never had been, but because I had been more deeply wronged than others, this honor was conferred upon me, and I resolved to prove worthy of the trust.
Loretta Young|Without realizing it, the individual composes his life according to the laws of beauty even in times of greatest distress.
Cortney S. Warren, Lies We Tell Ourselves: The Psychology of Self-Deception|At the most basic level, self-deception is fooling ourselves into believing something that is false -- or -- not believing something that is true.
Dejan Stojanovic|Before the first before and after the last after, there is night waiting.
John N. Thompson|Every time you think about settling on a more mundane question to answer, or reducing your sample size, or skipping an experiment that would strengthen your interpretation, remember that reviewers and editors of the major journals are looking for the small minority of papers that stand out from the rest.
Jay Woodman|The only problem with the Angels' new image was that the outlaws themselves didn't understand it. It puzzled them to be treated as symbolic heroes by people with whom they had almost nothing in common. Yet they were gaining access to a whole reservoir of women, booze, drugs and new action -- which they were eager to get their hands on, and symbolism be damned. But they could never get the hang of the role they were expected to play, and insisted on ad-libbing the lines. This fouled their channels of communication, which made them nervous ... and after a brief whirl on the hipster party circuit, all but a few decided it was both cheaper and easier, in the long run, to buy their own booze and hustle a less complicated breed of pussy.
R.C. Sherriff|I don’t want people to fall in love with my smile, my face or my body. I am waiting for somebody to love the mess I can be and fall in love with my emotional scars.
Tahar Ben Jelloun|False friendship, like the ivy, decays and ruins the walls it embraces; but true friendship gives new life and animation to the object it supports.
Kate Atkinson|Very often do the captains of such ships take those absent-minded young philosopher to task, upbraiding them with not feeling sufficient "interest" in the voyage; half-hinting that they are so helplessly lost to all honourable ambition, as that in their secret souls they would rather not see whales than otherwise. But all in vain; those young Platonists have a notion that their vision is imperfect; they are short-sighted; what us, then, to strain the visual nerve? They have left their opera glasses at home.
Eric Bana|I collect vintage cars, so you always find them in my books.
|While you are waiting for that special opportunity, be sure to prepare yourself well enough to seize it when it comes.
Golda Meir|Usually, I'm only sad when something sad happens. I am not a melancholic person. I like to live very much in the present. If I was an animal, I'd be a little cat. They like to live life.
Rebecca Solnit|In that moment, we knew that we were all weird, all in this together, and that addressing our own suffering, while learning not to inflict it on others, is part of the work we’re all here to do. So is love, which comes in so many forms and can be directed at so many things.
James Thurber|True human goodness, in all its purity and freedom, can come to the fore only when its recipient has no power. Mankind's true moral test, its fundamental test (which is deeply buried from view), consists of its attitude towards those who are at its mercy: animals.
Luan|It's the same old story. A man came like the beautiful wind, left like a destructive storm.
Stevan V. Nikolic, Truth According to Michael|Violent … check! Dominant … check! Predatory … check! Unable to control deviant sexual urges … check, check, check! Perhaps I will write a case study.
Cassandra Rose Clarke, Cover the Silence|They thought they were so different, Flame and Ice. Enemies always do. The Soviets and the West, they were the same. They looked at each other and saw monsters; they looked at themselves and saw men. But Jordan stood on the outside and knew them each for both monsters and men, the good and the bad bleeding together. They were only villains and heroes in their own stories.
Eric Davis|Every story I write adds to me a little, changes me a little, forces me to reexamine an attitude or belief, causes me to research and learn, helps me to understand people and grow.
Joni Eareckson Tada|Losing faith in your own singularity is the start of wisdom, I suppose; also the first announcement of death.
Will Bowen, Complaint Free Relationships: Transforming Your Life One Relationship at a Time|Hurt people hurt people. We are not being judgmental by separating ourselves from such people. But we should do so with compassion. Compassion is defined as a "keen awareness of the suffering of another coupled with a desire to see it relieved." People hurt others as a result of their own inner strife and pain. Avoid the reactive response of believeing they are bad; they already think so and are acting that way. They aren't bad; they are damaged and they deserve compassion. Note that compassion is an internal process, an understanding of the painful and troubled road trod by another. It is not trying to change or fix that person.
Ring Lardner|A good many young writers make the mistake of enclosing a stamped, self-addressed envelope, big enough for the manuscript to come back in. This is too much of a temptation to the editor.
Sunday Adelaja|when the uncertainty is known, certainty is guaranteed. Until we unravel the uncertainties of our lives, we shall always be uncertain with the life we live
Sharon Salzberg|What I needed most was to love and to be loved, eager to be caught. Happily I wrapped those painful bonds around me; and sure enough, I would be lashed with the red-hot pokers or jealousy, by suspicions and fear, by burst of anger and quarrels.
Nathan Filer, The Shock of the Fall|HELLO, my name is your potential. But you can call me impossible. I am the missed opportunities. I am the expectations you will never fulfil. I am always taunting you, regardless of how hard you try, how hard you hope.
Adam Hochschild|The instant that any government obtains a monetary printing press, it becomes a deeply dishonest government, empowered to rob people by stealth. A government with the power to print money knows no limits.
Ava, This Is How You Know I Want You.|i'm so hookedon how your mind works,on what you notice,on everything that excites you.i'm so caught up inhow you see the world,how you see everythingand still offer up your lovefor all to take it.you give me a glimpse of your heartand i can't tell youhow much you turn me on.
Richard Bach, Jonathan Livingston Seagull|Like everything else, Fletcher. Practice.
Ruth Reichl, Delicious!|As a boy, Ogion like all boys had thought it would be a very pleasant game to take by art-magic whatever shape one liked, man or beast, tree or cloud, and so to play at a thousand beings. But as a wizard he had learned the price of the game, which is the peril of losing one's self, playing away the truth. The longer a man stays in a form not his own, the greater this peril. Every prentice-sorcerer learns the tale of the wizard Bordger of Way, who delighted in taking bear's shape, and did so more and more often until the bear grew in him and the man died away, and he became a bear, and killed his own little son in the forests, and was hunted down and slain. And no one knows how many of the dolphins that leap in the waters of the Inmost Sea were men once, wise men, who forgot their wisdom and their name in the joy of the restless sea.
Frank Sheed, Theology and Sanity|The less instructed atheist will ask whether God can make a weight so heavy that He cannot lift it, in the happy belief that, whichever answer we give, we shall admit that there is something God cannot do. But the question is literally meaningless: a weight than an omnipotent Being cannot lift is as complete a contradiction in terms as a four-sided triangle. In either case the words are English, but do not mean anything because they cancel each other out. There is no point in piling together a lot of words, regardless of their meaning, and then asking triumphantly: 'Can God make that?' God can do anything, but a contradiction in terms is not a thing at all. It is nothing. God Himself could not make a four-sided triangle or a weight that Almighty power could not lift. They are inconceivable, they are nothing; and nothing--to give a slightly different emphasis to Scripture--is impossible to God.
Catie Hartsfield, The Year Of The Cicadas|Some people would rather be right that happy, I choose to be happy".
Benjamin R.  Smith, Atlas|In some literature, I’ve read, weather is used as a metaphor. The darker and stormier the weather outside the more diabolical the deeds done. When the clouds roll away, however, the rain has washed away all the blood in the streets and the world is clean and new again, as if all the violence and destruction of the storm served a divine purpose.
Joseph Heller|Man is the only Patriot. He sets himself apart in his own country, under his own flag, and sneers at the other nations, and keeps multitudinous uniformed assassins on hand at heavy expense to grab slices of other people's countries, and keep them from grabbing slices of his. And in the intervals between campaigns, he washes the blood off his hands and works for the universal brotherhood of man, with his mouth.
Don Tapscott|Sometimes, people can be extraordinarily judgmental and closed-minded to anyone different or special, which is why it's so hard for young people in this day and age to be comfortable enough in their own skin to not listen to the people picking on them.
Joseph Conrad|What makes mankind tragic is not that they are the victims of nature, it is that they are conscious of it.
Will Durant|Stay low, stay quiet, keep it simple, don't expect too much, enjoy what you have.
Dan Ariely, Predictably Irrational: The Hidden Forces That Shape Our Decisions|Understand that relativity is everywhere, and that we view everything through its lens - rose-colored or otherwise. When you meet someone in a different country or city and it seems that you have magical connection, realize that the enchantment might be limited to the surrounding circumstances.
Aaron Hirsh|Software will give you respect, but hardware will give you the Power.
Nathan Hill, The Nix|When all you have is the memory of a thing, all you can think about is how the thing is gone.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury|A man wasn't equal to an animal, not one particle of him. Human life was stinking corrupt, and meanwhile there were beautiful creatures who lived with delicacy on the earth without doing anyone harm. "We should be dying." the judge almost wept.
Cindi Madsen, Cinderella Screwed Me Over|So you like to read? Or listen, anyway?""I've found it helps me stay on the treadmill longer. But I always like to have a paperback on hand, too. I need to swing by the bookstore for another one, actually.
Roberto Hogue, Real Secrets of Sex: A Women's Guide on How to Be Good in Bed|Leave it to a dude to roll in with your technique, but use a jackhammer instead of jeweler’s screwdrivers.
José Saramago, The Cave|A person is not like a thing that you put down in one place and leave, a person moves, thinks, asks, questions, doubts, investigates, probes, and while it is true that, out of a long habit of resignation, he sooner or later ends up looking as if he has submitted to the objects, don't go thinking that this apparent submission is necessarily permanent.
Ernest Hemingway, A Farewell to Arms|Life is just there, to be made the best of, until it isn't. And that's all right, too.
Chris Rock|I don't get high, but sometimes I wish I did. That way, when I messed up in life I would have an excuse. But right now there's no rehab for stupidity. 
Spike Jonze|You made a lot of mistakes, and you wrote a lot of crap. But it was all part of the learning process.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self-Reliance|I ought to go upright and vital, and speak the rude truth in all ways.
Jenni Schaefer, Goodbye Ed, Hello Me: Recover from Your Eating Disorder and Fall in Love with Life|Connect with supportive people who empower you. The more you jump into your life, the further away from Ed you can get. Don’t have a backup plan for living. Live today. […] Trust in God. Believe in yourself. Get friends and family members to stand behind you. That’s the only backup you’ll need.
Elizabeth Jane Howard, Mr. Wrong|Wisdom of the Ages: "National Symbol" With the preponderance of lawyers, banksters, arms, drug and tobacco dealers in our government, shouldn't our national symbol be changed from the eagle to the vulture?
Mensah Oteh|You don’t choose your purpose, you simply discover it.
Sarah Dalton|I am Mae Waylander from Halts-Walden, daughter of Robert Waylander, a good man who lost his life saving hers.' I point to Ellen. 'And I am the girl who has saved your brother's life on numerous occasions in the Waerg Woods - who fought off a wood nymph, a psychotic pre-adolescent prophet, and a determined flock of killer birds - only to have your father shoot an arrow in my side because I wouldn't let him kill my stag.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Bed of Procrustes: Philosophical and Practical Aphorisms|For in today’s generation of teenagers finding acceptance is hard, especially for those who dare to be different-then it’s impossible.
Ace Antonio Hall|Instantaneous forgiveness can bring longstanding self-preservation, not to mention a cheaper Ralph's bill on Rolaids.
Ned Beauman, The Teleportation Accident|Loeser's favourite book in Blimk's shop, where he spent most of his afternoons, was still Dames! And how to Lay them. He referred to it constantly, like a psalter, with an inexhaustible excitement at the notion that it was possible to seduce a woman just by following a rigorous system of instructions. The problem was, there wasn't much in it that he felt he could put to practical use. 'Want to impress a dame with morning after the night before? Run to the kitchen while she's still snoozing fit to bust, and come back with what I like to call the Egg Majestique. That's one of every type of egg on a tray: a soft-boiled egg, a hard-boiled egg, an egg over easy, an egg sunny side up, a poached egg, a devilled egg, a pickled egg, a coddled egg, a scrambled egg, a one-egg omelette, and a shot of egg nog for the hangover. No dame will be able to believe you know so many ways to cook eggs. Egg protein is good for the manly function, and after you've pulled off the Egg Majestique, you'll probably need it, if you know what I mean.' This sounded pretty authoritative to Loeser but he just wasn't quite sure.
D. Love, Today Only|What I want from you is simple. I want today only.If it’s laughter, I want it. If it’s pain, I want it.Whatever today holds, as long as the day holds you, I want it.I want today only.
Debasish Mridha|I can’t tell you what consciousness is, but I know I can only think when I am conscious.
Terry Pratchett, Maskerade|You know, you're rather amusingly wrong.
Michael Richardson, Dedalus Book of Surrealism 2: The Myth of the World|By giving words the latitude she does, (Marianne) Van Hirtum emphasizes their contagious qualities: they become almost like viruses, with which it is necessary to put oneself in harmony by sympathetic magic if one is not to be overwhelmed. ... What is essential is to become one with the sickness, that is, in the context of language as a whole, to enter into contact with words.
David Levithan, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|now, if there's anything stupider than buddy lists, its lol. if anyone ever uses lol with me, i rip my computer right out of the wall and smash it over the nearest head. i mean, it's not like anyone is laughing out loud about the things they lol. i think it should be spelled loll. like what a lobotomized person's tongue does. loll. loll. i can't think anymore. loll. loll! or ttyl. bitch, you're not actually talking. that would require actual vocal contact or <3. you honestly think that looks like a heart? if you do, that's only because you'v never seen scrotum. (rofl! what? are you really rolling on the floor laughing? well, please stay down there a sec while i KICK YOUR ASS)
Ramana Pemmaraju|Mind is like an archaeologist, it can only dissect and research dead things, events on how, when, where & why. It can never be on the NOW. Only BEING is capable to be in the NOW and EXPERIENCE!
Zack Love, Stories and Scripts: an Anthology|Did you really think I'd steer you wrong?" Then William pointed to the wide-open country beyond the next ridge. "New York's that way. My compass is unerring.
David W. Earle|I glanced up at the trees too. Dead. Every one of them gray and white, needles rusted, leaves shriveled at the tips of branches. All the life sucked out of them. Not just the trees. All the plants, ferns, grasses and brush were shriveled, brown, barren.As if a month of winter had set down right here in my driveway and gone on a killing spree...."Love what you've done with the landscape," Cody said. "You could open your own business, you know."..."The hell you talking about, Miller?" I asked Cody."Yard care. You're poison and weed whacker all in one. You can call it Death to All Shrubbery.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|Dear God . . . the dread hour is nigh." - Jace Wayland
Sunday Adelaja|The miracle centered gospel gives rise to a generation of people that believes that they don’t need to be good, better than anybody else but just want to pray and get favor.
H.M. Ward, Backdraft|I just wished they'd see Mari, their daughter. I wished they saw how much I liked art and how much I didn't want to dedicate my life to something I wasn't passionate about.
Anaïs Nin|We write to taste life twice, in the moment and in retrospect.
Bee Wilson, First Bite: How We Learn to Eat|You were sizzling, like sausages in a frying pan.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|When you loose my Energy, you'll loose it all.Petra HermansOctober 30, 2016
Emmanuelle Chriqui|A lot of people, when a guy scores a lot of goals, think, 'He's a great player', because a goal is very important, but a great player is a player who can do everything on the field. He can do assists, encourage his colleagues, give them confidence to go forward. It is someone who, when a team does not do well, becomes one of the leaders.
Jack Ma|You have reached the pinnacle of success as soon as you become uninterested in money, compliments, or publicity.
Stefan Zweig, Beware of Pity|There is no right and wrong, and precepts are for fools. Every thing is just as it is! And we must experience things without condemning them, because if we condemn them, then we are becoming too involved.
Stanley Hauerwas, Resident Aliens: Life in the Christian Colony|The task is to become church for them, among them and with them, and under Spirit of God to lead them to become church in their own culture.
David W. Earle|Many people look at their past and bemoan their mistakes. Those errors in judgment, behavior, hurting others, and the wrong decisions may be what consumes them now. It does not have to be that way, for recovering from a traumatic situation is all a matter of how we think about what happened. It is not so much about what happened to us as what we make of the circumstance.
C.J. Duggan, The Boys of Summer|That’s the thing. I’ve never met anyone like you, Tess. You think you’re a no one? You’re so wrong. So wrong. You stand in a room with all the Angelas, even the Ellies. None of them can compare to you. I remember when you started working at the Onslow, I couldn’t keep my eyes off you. You were so terrified. You weren’t full of yourself like other girls. Every time you walked into the bar, you were like a breath of fresh air. Even when Angela was a bitch to you, you rose above it. You made me see the difference in people. You’re not a nobody, Tess, you’re a somebody.
Kim Quindlen|What will a man gain by winning the whole world, at the cost of his true self?
Christine Feehan, Dark Prince|Alone, I often fall down into nothingness. I must push my foot stealthily lest I should fall off the edge of the world into nothingness. I have to bang my head against some hard door to call myself back to the body.
KV Findthings|success is a conscious effort to make a change in your current situation and sticking to it ,your current position is a result of how much change you made yesterday, your future depends on what you are willing to change today.
Margaret Atwood, The Animals in That Country|Whenever people talk in the abstract about the pros and cons of immigration, one should not forget that immigrants are individual human beings whose lives happen not to fit neatly within national borders – and that like all human beings, they are all different.How different, though? Different better, or different worse? Such basic questions underlie whether people are willing to accept outsiders in their midst
Brandon Sanderson, Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones|People don't read anymore. And, when they do, they don't read books like this one, but instead read books that depress them, because those books are seen as important. Somehow, the Librarians have successfully managed to convince most people in the Hushlands that they shouldn't read anything that isn't boring.It comes down to Biblioden the Scrivener's great vision for the world — a vision in which people never do anything abnormal, never dream, and never experience anything strange. His minions teach people to stop reading fun books, and instead focus on fantasy novels. That's what I call them, because these books keep people trapped. Keep them inside the nice little fantasy that they consider to be the 'real' world. A fantasy that tells them they don't need to try something new.After all, trying new things can be difficult.
Afsaneh Najmabadi, Women with Mustaches and Men without Beards: Gender and Sexual Anxieties of Iranian Modernity|A unified Iran is constituted not only politically but also affectively. Liberty and constitutional rule bring "Affection among us." The affective sentiment- that of bonding among differing brothers-produces political bonds of national unity and was associatively linked with other desires. Perhaps foremost was the desire to care for and defend the mother, in particular her bodily integrity. The same words were commonly used to discuss territory and the female body. Laura Mulvey calls these words keys "that could turn either way between the psychoanalytic and the social" (1980, 180). They are not "just words" that open up to either domain; they mediate between these domains, taking power of desire from one to the other. More appropriately, they should be considered cultural nodes of psyhosocial condensation. Tajavuz, literally meaning transgression, expresses both rape and the invasion of territory. Another effective expression, as already noted, was Khak-i pak-i vatan, the pure soil of the homeland. The word used for "pure," pak, is saturated with connotations of sexual purity. Linked to the idea of the purity of a female vatan was the metaphoric notion of the "skirt of chastity" (daman-i 'iffat) and its purity-whether it was stained or not. It was the duty of Iranian men to protect that skirt. The weak and sometimes dying figure of motherland pleaded t her dishonorable sons to arise and cut the hands of foreigners from her skirt. Expressing hope for the success of the new constitutional regime by recalling and wishing away the horrors of previous years, an article in Sur-o Israfil addressed Iran in the following terms: "O Iran! O our Mother! You who have given us milk from the blood of your veins for many long years, and who have fed us with the tissues of your own body! Will we ever live to see your unworthy children entrust your skirt of chastity to the hands of foreigners? Will our eyes ever see foreigners tear away the veil of your chastity?
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|If you pay the price for success, you win. If you avoid payment, you lose. It’s really that simple.
J.G. Ballard|When the New York Times scratches its head, get ready for total baldness as you tear out your hair.
Charlie Jane Anders, All the Birds in the Sky|Loneliness was a full-body sensation, an anti-exhilaration, from his core outward.
CLAMP, Kobato., Vol. 03|With me, the present is forever, and forever is always shifting, flowing, melting. This second is life. And when it is gone it is dead. But you can’t start over with each new second. You have to judge by what is dead. It’s like quicksand … hopeless from the start. A story, a picture, can renew sensation a little, but not enough, not enough. Nothing is real except the present, and already, I feel the weight of centuries smothering me. Some girl a hundred years ago once lived as I do. And she is dead. I am the present, but I know I, too, will pass. The high moment, the burning flash, come and are gone, continuous quicksand. And I don’t want to die.
Paul Tournier|In almost every profession - whether it's law or journalism, finance or medicine or academia or running a small business - people rely on confidential communications to do their jobs. We count on the space of trust that confidentiality provides. When someone breaches that trust, we are all worse off for it.
Tom Brady|When you give up yourself, that's when you will feel the true spirit of Christmas. And that's giving that's serving others and that's when you feel fulfilled.
Andrew James Pritchard, The Man in Seat 11B|by travelling to all the corners of the globe it allows me to further define the ever changing world we live in, which in turn helps me to redefine myself, therefore it is an important process towards becoming a complete person.
Vidya Balan|I am generally a very happy and easygoing person. I also believe it's always better to meet people with a smile rather than looking cold, especially when you first meet. It changes everything.
Steven L. Sheppard, The Untold Story Of Pyramus And Thisbe|Do not forget to put it here where it never gets lost,”his mother said, pointing to his heart.
David Bentley Hart, The Experience of God: Being, Consciousness, Bliss|Comrades in the struggle! The position of modern man is not merely lamentable; one might even say that there is no condition, because man hardly exists. Nothing exists to which one could point and say: 'There, that is Homo Zapiens.' HZ is simply the residual luminescence of a soul fallen asleep; it is a film about the shooting of another film, shown on a television in an empty house.
Michael Muhammad Knight, The Taqwacores|You know,” said Jehangir, breaking the silence, “it's only Muslims who use the term 'innovation' to mean something bad.
Lailah Gifty Akita|THAT you abstain from things offered to idols, from blood, from things strangled, and sexual immorality. If you keep yourselves, from these you do well." Acts 15:29
Andrew Jackson|I like to see myself as a bridge builder, that is me building bridges between people, between races, between cultures, between politics, trying to find common ground.
Gérard de Nerval, Selected Writings|Even as it clouds our corporeal vision, intoxication clarifies our spiritual vision. The mind, set free from the heavy bondage of the body, flees away like a prisoner whose guard has fallen asleep, leaving the keys at the prison gate.
Fakeer Ishavardas|A night of exhilaration, of boredom and terror, in which the merest of sounds took on other forms - grew large in the expanse of darkness. After several hours the sheep gradually stopped calling to each other from accross the river banks, and a brittle quiet descended. I desperately wanted to walk down to the water's edge. To see the black river in the moonlight. But a mixture of reason and fear kept me locked along the safe paths high above.
Henry Hazlitt, Economics in One Lesson: The Shortest & Surest Way to Understand Basic Economics|Mere inflation-that is, the mere issuance of more money, with the consequence of higher wages and prices-may look like the creation of more demand. But in terms of the actual production and exchange of real things it is not.
Jessica Valenti, The Purity Myth: How America's Obsession with Virginity is Hurting Young Women|One of the greatest of human follies is that we think we know ourselves so well, that we know how we would act under any conditions, that we would under any circumstance 'do the right thing.' Well, as many have discovered, you don't really know what you'll do in the dark till the lights go out.
Joan Ambu|The thing that seemed like silence must have been the endless cry of all the crickets and locusts in the world, rising and falling.("The Wide Net")
Brian Krans, A Constant Suicide|The wind made me shiver as i pulled my arms into my T-shirt. There I was, cold, isolated and desperate for something I knew I couldn't have.A solution. A remedy. Anything.The silence continued except for my own footsteps. I hated it. Alone and confused was the last place I wanted to be.Somehow I knew I deserved this.
Jesse Petersen, Married with Zombies|Talk openly about important issues like money, sex, and religion. They can affect your life and happiness a great deal. Especially when it comes to cults.
Philip Yancey, The Jesus I Never Knew|It seems that God arranged the most humiliating circumstances possible for His entrance, as if to avoid any charge of favoritism.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|I have two great duties in each day: firstly, to identify why I woke up and secondly to be convinced of why I must retire!
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|The sea had jeeringly kept his finite body up, but drowned the infinite of his soul. Not drowned entirely, though. Rather carried down alive to wondrous depths, where strange shapes of the unwarped primal world glided to and fro before his passive eyes; and the miser-merman, Wisdom, revealed his hoarded heaps; and among the joyous, heartless, ever-juvenile eternities, Pip saw the multitudinous, God-omnipresent, coral insects, that out of the firmament of waters heaved the colossal orbs. He saw God’s foot upon the treadle of the loom, and spoke it; and therefore his shipmates called him mad. So man’s insanity is heaven’s sense; and wandering from all mortal reason, man comes at last to that celestial thought, which, to reason, is absurd and frantic; and weal or woe, feels then uncompromised, indifferent as his God.
Debasish Mridha|To control yourself, control your fear first.
Nadège Richards, 5 Miles|I don't like forgetting, Elías," I said with my eyes closed. A single tear slipped down my cheek and I let it. "I don't want to forget these moments that constantly remind me of who I am, who I was, and who you are. I don't want to forget my past and all the things about this world that's brought me here. With you.""So then why do you try?" he asked, his gaze searching my face. "Be here with me, T. Exist with me, because there isn't any other way I'd love you more.""I-I don't belong to you.""Bullshit. You've belonged to me since that night on the alabaster hill. I had you then, and I swore to keep you.""You-""Just stop." Eli placed a finger to my lips as he held me closely and slid a hand down my back. He palmed my shoulder and the place where a piece of him would forever harbor. "Stop making up excuses. Stop hiding. Stop running from me. You're the light at the end of my tunnel, my saving grace, and you don't even know it, Trinity.
Chang-rae Lee, On Such a Full Sea|Does any program really improve anybody, as much as simply identifying them? And, after identifying them, not ruining them?
Olivier Theyskens|With couture, you feel obligated to design something modern each season, but with Theyskens Theory, I don't question anything. I'm thinking of what I'd like to wear.
Sameh Elsayed|Make a decision to perform something great, something that requires skill, something special for the Kingdom of God.
Unknown|The moment you can visualize being free from the things that hold you back, you have indeed begun to set yourself free
Romeo Jr Baguyo|Life is like our heart, the people are the nerve's and society is the brain
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Sapiens don’t behave according to a cold mathematical logic, but rather according to a warm social logic. We are ruled by emotions.
Leah Broadby, A Dreadful Daughter's Spells|There exists a microscopic breed of brain beetle, commonly known as an ‘idea’. An idea desires only one thing: To catch the perfect brain wave.
Dan Chaon, Stay Awake|I guess I always thought it would be bigger, when a terrible thing happened. Didn't you think so? Doesn't it seem like houses ought to be caving in, and lightning and thunder, and people tearing their hair in the street? I never - I never thought it would be this small, did you?
Oche Otorkpa, The Unseen Terrorist|Promises are perhaps made in haste or out of emotions, that is why people do not afford to keep them
Amy Tan|But at any rate, the point is that God is what nobody admits to being, and everybody really is.
Monica Chrisandtras Hines|We don’t make the decisions, just does what we’re told where and when we’re told. We lives by rules made somewhere else by sons a bitches don’t know nothin’ about this place.
Marisha Pessl, Night Film|she was flighty and poor, a French studies major who quoted Simone de Beauvoir. She wiped her runny nose on her coat sleeve when it was snowing, stuck her head out of car windows the way dogs do, the wind fireworking her hair. That woman was gone now. Not that it was her fault. Vast fortunes did that to people. It took them to the cleaners, cruelly starched and steam-pressed them so all their raw edges, all the dirt and hunger and guileless laughter, were ironed out. Few survived real money.
Madeleine L'Engle, A Circle of Quiet|Parenthood...It's about guiding the next generation, and forgiving the last.
Don Maruska, Take Charge of Your Talent: Three Keys to Thriving in Your Career, Organization, and Life|Take 5" is the practice if spending 5 minutes a day giving focused attention to your hopes for your talent.
Wally Lamb, I Know This Much Is True|-- that books were mirrors, reflective in sometimes unpredictable ways.
Thomas Hardy, Jude the Obscure|--the ethereal, fine-nerved, sensitive girl, quite unfitted by temperament and instinct to fulfil the conditions of the matrimonial relation with Phillotson, possibly with scarce any man...
Heywood Broun, The Fifty-First Dragon|What happened out there?”“I almost got quarking toasted by a dragon.”“A dragon,” he repeats, scandalized. “Are you mad? Or have you been skulking around the bars of Barbary XIII?
W.B. Yeats, In the Seven Woods: Being Poems Chiefly of the Irish Heroic Age|Never give all the heart, for loveWill hardly seem worth thinking ofTo passionate women if it seemCertain, and they never dreamThat it fades out from kiss to kiss;For everything that's lovely isBut a brief, dreamy, kind delight.O Never give the heart outright,For they, for all smooth lips can say,Have given their hearts up to the play.And who could play it well enoughIf deaf and dumb and blind with love?He that made this knows all the cost,For he gave all his heart and lost.
Mark Fuhrman|Today the people from my State of Tennessee would listen to this debate, or even talk about a reference to God on our money or in the Halls of Congress or in our Pledge and say, please, let common sense and logic win the day and prevail versus legal mumbo jumbo.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Positive impact, positive society.
Laura Florand, The Chocolate Kiss|She loved sinking into her bed on evenings like this, but apparently she shouldn't, because it worried her aunts, who thought she ought to be out dancing. It worried her a little bit, too, because what if they were right, and because sometimes a great loneliness welled up in her and threatened all the dams she built to hold it back. You couldn't cure loneliness by wallowing in it, up above the world, on an island removed from everything. She knew that. But she had such a hard time with all the cures. They seemed rough and brusque and brutal, as if they abused her skin with a pot scrubber . . . forcing herself into a mass of people, a stranger among strangers. . . . But it was much more tempting to curl up with a book under her thick white comforter.Still, sometimes after she curled up, she regretted her lack of courage and felt bleakly l
Martin Jacques|If there is a God, it's going to be a whole lot bigger and a whole lot more incomprehensible than anything that any theologian of any religion has ever proposed.
Washed Out|I still find it quite easy to find my way into a child's imagination. We're all Peter Pan ourselves in some respects. Everybody should keep some grip on childhood, even as a grownup.
David Cunliffe|We should conceive of ourselves not as rulers of Earth, but as highly powerful, conscious stewards: The Earth is given to us in trust, and we can screw it up or make it work well and sustainably.
C.S. Lewis, C.S. Lewis's Mere Christianity|Christ makes Heaven the standard for God's will be done on Earth. What a high ideal is this! What power it would take to bring such a thing about! Nothing short of the Kingdom of God pulling down strongholds, overthrowing bastions of deeply entrenched sin, and then conquering this present world in such a way as to establish righteousness – nothing short of such things as these can meet the standard that Christ sets before us.
Chuck Palahniuk, Invisible Monsters Remix|I asked the boy who wept what it felt like, crystal meth, the prettiest name for a drug besides heroin. Crystal methamphetamine. His head fell back. He closed his eyes, then opened them. 'Come on, you know . . . you're just high as fuck.' Then in a dramatic whisper: 'Everything goes silent like a midnight of the mind.
Sanjida Kay, The Stolen Child|Hello my darling, I’m your real father. I’ve been searching for you ever since you were stolen from me. I love you so much. Daddy
Ramana Pemmaraju|Complexity is a product of unawareness and simplicity a result of awareness! Uncomplex yourself, Live Life!
Thomas Hardy, Jude the Obscure|I think that whenever children be born that are not wanted they should be killed directly, before their souls come to 'em, and not allowed to grow big and walk about!
Craig Ferguson, American on Purpose: The Improbable Adventures of an Unlikely Patriot|Peter was not very well during the evening. His mother put him to bed, and made some chamomile tea: "One table-spoonful to be taken at bedtime.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|The word connects the visible trace with the invisible thing, the absent thing, the thing that is desired or feared, like a frail emergency bridge flung over an abyss.
Manoj Vaz|To win the rat race, you have to think and behave like a cat.
Ethel Lilian Voynich, Овод|It matters just as much what to do, whether people hate you or love you
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|Arab nationalism in its traditional form was the way in which secular Arab Christians like Edward had found and kept a place for themselves, while simultaneously avoiding the charge of being too 'Western.' It was very noticeable among the Palestinians that the most demonstrably 'extreme' nationalists—and Marxists—were often from Christian backgrounds. George Habash and Nayef Hawatmeh used to be celebrated examples of this phenomenon, long before anyone had heard of the cadres of Hamas, or Islamic Jihad. There was an element of overcompensation involved, or so I came to suspect.
Leinad Eibam, Published Poet|To truly strip a man of everything, one must take away his community, money, and corrode the core of his beliefs until he is left bathed in the agony of isolation.
Robert Browning|That's your response to everything: drink?""No, that's my response to nothing.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|Day by day we increase in age. Step by step we reduce the number of our steps. When you grow old, you shall see life differently and you shall get a better understanding of the journey of life: how you lived it and how you should have lived it!
Connie Willis, Bellwether|Eureka!"s like the one Archimedes had when he stepped in a bathtub and suddenly realized the answer to the problem of testing metals' density are few and far between, and mostly it's just trying and failing and trying something else, feeding in data and eliminating variables and staring at the results, trying to figure out where you went wrong.
Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go|A tale is told of twin boys born to different mothers.One is dark by nature, the other light. One is rich, the other poor. One is harsh, the other gentle. One is forever youthful, the other old before his time.One is mortal.They share no bond of blood or sympathy, but they are twins nonetheless.They each live without ever knowing that they are brothers.They each die fighting the blind god.
Richelle Mead, The Fiery Heart|Our lips met hungrily, and his clever artistic hands wrapped around my hips. A sudden buzz from my regular cell phone startled me from the kissing."Don't," said Adrian, his eyes ablaze and breathing ragged."What if there's a crisis at school?" I asked. "What if Angeline 'accidentally' stole one of the campus buses and drove it into the library?""Why would she do that?""Are you saying she wouldn't?"He sighed. "Go check it.
H.L. Mencken|Because I care about human beings, I want them to be free to do what is right for them. Isn't that more important than mere peace on earth? Isn't freedom, even dangerous freedom, preferable to the safest slavery, to peace bought with ignorance, cowardice, and submission?
Avijeet Das|When you would be looking somewhere maybe standing near a window and looking outside, I will come slowly towards you. And first I will inhale your sublime fragrance that emanates from your soft and tender body. Then slowly inching towards you I would hug you from behind and take you in my arms.
Robin Sloan, Mr. Penumbra's 24-Hour Bookstore|It was tall, made of pale blue light, a creature with long arms and long legs and the shadow of a smile, and above it all, eyes that shone bluer still than its body. "What do you seek in this place?" the shade asked plainly.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|I will keep writing about these intersections as a writer and a teacher, as a black woman, as a bad feminist, until I no longer feel like what I want is impossible. I no longer want to believe that these problems are too complex for us to make sense of them.
Haruki Murakami, Blind Willow, Sleeping Woman|Once he gets to the fort the colonel turns to John Wayne and says, "I did see a few Indians on the way over here." And John Wayne, with this really cool look on his face, replies, 'Don't worry. If you were able to spot some Indians, that means there weren't any there.' I don't remember the actual lines, but it went something like that. Do you get what he means?
Yasmin Tirado-Chiodini, Antonio's Will|Pardon me for this resolution … I know that this will be a disgrace that I bring to my people, but I cannot help it. Love is the blame for it. I go in peace ... pray for me ... good-bye all.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D.|In moments of great change we suffer, somehow hoping deep down that our emotions and our dramas can change the future or prevent it from happening. Future happens regardless.
Emily Nagoski|Not being assaulted is not a privilege to be earned through the judicious application of personal safety strategies. A woman should be able to walk down the street at 4 in the morning in nothing but her socks, blind drunk, without being assaulted, and I, for one, am not going to do anything to imply that she is in any way responsible for her own assault if she fails to Adequately Protect Herself. Men aren’t helpless dick-driven maniacs who can’t help raping a vulnerable woman. It disrespects EVERYONE.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|I will not let those, who cannot recognise how I can be of service, dissuade me from showing them how I can help.
Arash Pakravesh, The Letter|I can't fathom my love for you, but I know that it makes me want to drown inside of you.
Lyndon B. Johnson|Negro poverty is not white poverty. Many of its causes and many of its cures are the same. But there are differences - deep, corrosive, obstinate differences - radiating painful roots into the community and into the family, and the nature of the individual. These differences are not racial differences. They are solely and simply the consequence of ancient brutality, past injustice, and present prejudice.
Ian M. Duguid|A bowl of diligence and perseverance, a cup of faith and a pinch of inspiration mixed with a spoon of contentment are the ingredients of a delicious success. Cook yours well.
Harold Bloom, The Western Canon: The Books and School of the Ages|Greatness recognizes greatness, and is shadowed by it.
Charles W. Colson, How Now Shall We Live?|the ultimate aim of government is not to rule, or restrain by fear, nor to exact obedience, but to free every man from fear that he may live in all possible security... In fact the true aim of government is liberty.
Richie Singh, Chasing Butterflies|Time for us began to be measured by moments when we spoke, and moments when we longed to speak again.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|We're no longer young men. We've lost any desire to conquer the world. We are refugees. We are fleeing from ourselves. From our lives. We were eighteen years old, and we had just begun to love the world and to love being in it; but we had to shoot at it. The first shell to land went straight for our hearts. We've been cut off from real action, from getting on, from progress. We don't believe in those things any more; we believe in the war.
Al Sharpton|My grandfather was a persuasive man who made friends with people at every level of influence. In order to fight against our tribe's termination, he went to newspapers and politicians and urged them to advocate for our tribe in Washington. He also supported his family through the Depression as a truck farmer.
Robert Hass, Twentieth Century Pleasures: Prose on Poetry|From oriole to crow, note the declineIn music. Crow is realist. But, then,Oriole, also, may be realist.
Bertrand Russell, История западной философии|Это не вина психологии романтиков, это их стандарт ценностей. Они восхищаются сильными страстями, безразлично какого рода и каковы бы ни были их социальные последствия. Романтическая любовь, особенно когда она несчастлива, достаточно сильна, чтобы заслужить их одобрение, но большинство сильнейших страстей разрушительно: ненависть, негодование и ревность, раскаяние и отчаяние, поруганная гордость и ярость несправедливо притесняемого, воинственный пыл и презрение к рабам и трусам. Следовательно, тип человека, поддерживаемый романтизмом, особенно в его байроновском варианте, – это склонный к насилию и антисоциальный, анархический бунтарь или побеждающий деспот.Причины того, что это мировоззрение обладает притягательной силой, лежат очень глубоко в природе человека и условиях его существования. Из чувства самосохранения человек стал стадным существом, но инстинктивно он остается в очень большой степени одиночкой; следовательно, необходимы религия и мораль, чтобы подкрепить этот инстинкт. Но привычка воздерживаться от удовольствий в настоящем ради преимуществ в будущем утомительна, и когда возбуждаются страсти, трудно держать себя в благоразумных рамках общественного поведения. Те, кто в такие моменты отбрасывает их, приобретают новую энергию и ощущение силы от прекращения внутреннего конфликта, и, хотя в конце концов они могут попасть в беду, они наслаждаются чувством божественной экзальтации, которое, хотя известно великим мистикам, никогда не может быть испытано теми, чье поведение не выходит за рамки прозаической добродетели. Индивидуалистическая сторона их природы утверждает себя, но, если сохраняется интеллект, это утверждение должно облекать себя в миф. Мистик пребывает наедине с Богом и, созерцая бесконечное, чувствует себя свободным от обязанностей по отношению к своему ближнему.
Brandon Sanderson|As far as I can figure, the way that it works is this: everyone has something that happened to them. The thing that we each carry. And you can see it in people, if you look. See it in the way someone walks, in the way someone takes a compliment, sometimes you can just see it in someone’s eyes. In one moment of desperation, of fear, in one quick moment you can see that thing that happened. Everyone has it. The thing that keeps you up at night, or makes you not trust people, or stops love. The thing that hurts. And to stop it, to stop the hurt, you have to turn it into a story. And not just a story you play over and over for yourself, but a story that you tell. A story’s not a story unless you tell it. And once you tell it, it’s not yours anymore. You give it away. And once you give it away, it’s not something that hurts you anymore, it’s something that helps everyone who hears it. It’s the kind of thing that’s hard to explain. It’s probably best if we just show you how it works.
Braden Pedersen|If I had the authority to pick and choose who gets to know Christ as Savior, that would make me God. Thank the one true God that I am not.
Dejan Stojanovic, Serbian Satire and Aphorisms|Knowing how to dream is more important than the story, because the story tells itself.
Terry Pratchett, Witches Abroad|The dead think they can get away with anything because you'll feel sorry for them. If you play cards with the dead, make sure you deal and don't let them buy you drinks. They'll slip you a formaldehyde roofie and pry the gold fillings out of your teeth.
David K. Brown, Before the Ironclad: Warship Design and Development, 1815-1860|If lawyers are disbarred and clergymen are defrocked, shouldn't it follow that cowboys would be deranged?
Dennis Lehane, Shutter Island|But as the years passed, he missed her more, not less, and his need for her became a cut that would not scar over, would not stop leaking.
David Furnish|The positive aspect of my negative view is essentially that you shouldn't own cash and government bonds, but you should be in assets like real estate or equities or precious metals or in commodities.
Christopher Hitchens, Hitch-22: A Memoir|I suppose that one reason I have always detested religion is its sly tendency to insinuate the idea that the universe is designed with 'you' in mind or, even worse, that there is a divine plan into which one fits whether one knows it or not. This kind of modesty is too arrogant for me.
Gayathri Jayakumar, Blossoms In The Mist|My love will not wither awayLike the momentous beauty of a Rose,But I am the weed, no matter how much you pluck awayIt sprouts again and grows…"-(Precious Love)
Blaise Pascal|I don't trust anyone... It's something that I have to live with, and I have to find the balance of who I want in my life and who isn't good for me.
George Orwell, Politics and the English Language|Make time to write every day. The writing muscle is like any other muscle; the more you exercise it, the stronger it becomes.
J.R. Rim, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|Inside your dream is a nation. To the rest of the world it is invisible, yet it is the only thing you see. It is your imagination.
David Levithan, Two Boys Kissing|You know, when I came home after our day in the city, I just crashed, thinking about Remi and how much I missed him. And then the next day was worse, And when you walked up to me at that ice cream machine, I just felt myself crumble inside. Around Remi, I felt like I was always trying to act like I was good enough. But around you, I don't want to pretend or hide. That's why I didn't say anything in the cafeteria that day, I knew that in five seconds, I'd be crying on your shoulder.""That's what it's there for, Ethan."Alek leaned in, took Ethan's face in his hands, and kissed him.
Chris Mentillo|In my opinion, not all famous people are loaded with tons of money.
Ron Eglash|I think that narrative, fiction filmmaking is the culmination of several art forms: theater, art history, architecture. Whereas doc filmmaking is more pure cinema, like cinema verite is film in its purest form.
Ron Paul|It must be remembered that a vast majority of mankind’s history has been spent living under the rule of tyrants and authoritarians. The ideas of Liberty are very new when you consider the big picture. By contrast, various forms of socialism and fascism have been adopted over and over again. Be wary of those who try to present these old and tired ideas as something new and exciting. Liberty and free markets are the way forward if we truly desire peace and prosperity.
Athol Fugard|It's very shocking, I think, for people caring for the dying to realise how unsaintly they feel, how much anger is mixed up with their grief. In fact, often I think the anger that they feel is a form of grief; it's a kind of raging against what's happening.
Tanya Shaffer|Here's what I love about travel: strangers get a chance to amaze you. Sometimes a single day can bring a blooming surprise, a simple kindness that opens a chink in the brittle shell of your heart and makes you a different person when you go to sleep--more tender, less jaded--than you were when you woke up.
Julian Barnes, The Noise of Time|It had been a slow and painful business, discovering that the theory of love did not match the reality of life. It was like expecting to be able to write a symphony because you had once read a handbook of composition.
William Shakespeare|A right fair mark, fair coz, is soonest hit.
André Gide, The Counterfeiters|There's no better cure for the fear of taking after one's father, than not to know who he is.
J. Loren Norris|21st century leaders will be growers, not knowers.
Paul  Reid|He is dressed in a long, white robe and in his hand is a white cap. I draw up as he passes down the hall; he does not see me. Shortly I hear a horse leaving. There is much I do not know about him, but tonight I know one of his secrets. He is a midnight rider.
William Faulkner|A hack writer who would not have been considered fourth rate in Europe."(on Mark Twain)
Yusuf Hamied|Of course, we avoid death. To know something is inevitable is one thing. To accept, to truly feel it... that's different.
Dominic Riccitello|I romanticized him until he was the perfect being. A soul so beautiful, but so immensely evil too.
Hilary Spurling, Anthony Powell: Dancing to the Music of Time|That thing some people call boredom, in the correct if elusive dosage, can be a form of inoculation against itself. Once you struffle through that swamp of monotony where time bogs down in excruciating ticks from your wristwatch, it becomes possible to break through to a state of equilibrium, to reach a kind of waiting and watching that verges on what I can only call the holy.
Jervin Balmediano|If you get stuck, get up, and go ahead.
Marilynne Robinson, When I Was a Child I Read Books|I experience religious dread whenever I find myself thinking that I know the limits of God’s grace, since I am utterly certain it exceeds any imagination a human being might have of it. God does, after all, so love the world.
Robert Redford|A living art of teaching, one that rests on a true understanding of the human being, has a thread of strength running through it that stimulates individual students to participate so that it is not necessary to keep their attention through direct 'individualized' treatment.
Kin Hubbard|Be thou incapable of change in that which is right, and men will rely upon thee. Establish unto thyself principles of action; and see that thou ever act according to them. First know that thy principles are just, and then be thou.
Yaa Gyasi, Homegoing|Prayer was not a sacred or holy thing. It was not spoken plainly, in Twi or English. It need not be performed on the knees or with folded palms. For Akua, prayer was a frenzied chant, a language for those desires of the heart that even the mind did not recognize were there.
E.J. Squires, Savage Run|Don't oppress, don't accept to be oppressed and you will live free.
Nikhil Sharda, Sans Destination|Shocked my old friend from China, Deja Vu, when I turned up at his door without notice.
Jasper Fforde, Shades of Grey|Rouge of my heart, intertwined with double-hued destiny,Thread of my thoughts, constant and rubicund legacy,Filament of my future, endeared unto my expectation,Cord of my emotion, seared with eternal elation.
Harrison Salisbury|Inductive reason, which alone makes man master of his environment, is an achievement; and when once born it must be reinforced by inhibiting the growth of other modes of knowledge.
Mary Kay Ash|Everything turns on grasping and expressing the True, not only as Substance, but equally as Subject.
Anne Michaels, Fugitive Pieces|Love makes you see a place differently, just as you hold differently an object that belongs to someone you love. If you know one landscape well, you will look at all other landscapes differently. And if you learn to love one place, sometimes you can also learn to love another.
Lucy Adlington, The Red Ribbon|You've got to cram it into your thick heads: the sickos that sent us to this place are so stuffed with hate they've got to spew it out on someone, it almost doesn't matter who. If it's not one race, face or religion it'd be another. Right now it's us they vomit on. Next war it'll be some other poor beggars, then some others, then -''I want to go home!' the poor woman gasped, in between shakes and sobs.'And I want to murder every last beast in this hellhole with my bare hands,' Girder raged. She had hands as big as dinner plates. 'The best we can do instead is live. Are you listening? The only way to beat them is by not dying. So shut up and survive, you miserable cow. And let the rest of us sleep.
Carol Bellamy|If inequalities of taxable wealth backing up a government service are construed as denying equality before the law, then there is no solution but to have every government service whatever financed out of Washington.
Anna Kournikova|People hate me because I am a multifaceted, talented, wealthy, internationally famous genius.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Night Bookmobile|Each spine was an encapsulated memory, each book represented hours, days of pleasure, of immersion into words.
Zadie Smith|Faith in God is a promise that we’re never alone, that there’s a higher power that will look over us in times of despair. If people would just grasp this, even as an idea, they’ll soon find that it’s not just an idea, but the truth to a more meaningful life.
Maxwell Maltz|People can't stand to be alone with themselves, so they bother me when I'm trying to be alone with myself.
Michael J. Sullivan|When we rely on our own strength, God’s opportunities become inaccessible to us.
Vladimir Nabokov, Speak, Memory|Strange, how the best moments of our lives we scarcely notice except in looking back.
Donald Trump|On the battlefield, the military pledges to leave no soldier behind. As a nation, let it be our pledge that when they return home, we leave no veteran behind.
Jeramy Dodds, Crabwise to the Hounds|After the fierce midsummer all ablaze Has burned itself to ashes, and expires In the intensity of its own fires,There come the mellow, mild, St. Martin daysCrowned with the calm of peace, but sad with haze. So after Love has led us, till he tires Of his own throes, and torments, and desires,Comes large-eyed friendship: with a restful gaze,He beckons us to follow, and across Cool verdant vales we wander free from care. Is it a touch of frost lies in the air?Why are we haunted with a sense of loss?We do not wish the pain back, or the heat;And yet, and yet, these days are incomplete
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|I no longer think that laziness is all about being idle. I now know when I become lazy- when I stop learning new things, and cease to grow.
Joan Cusack|I'm at peace with my family, my friends, myself and God so there's really nothing else that I worry about.
Voltaire|Supporting the definition of marriage as one man and one woman is not anti-gay: it is pro-traditional marriage. And if support for traditional marriage is bigotry, then Barack Obama was a bigot until just before the 2012 election.
Jennifer Crusie, Manhunting|You know, I'm not even sure how we ended up living together.""I am," Jake said, turning back to the lake. "Sex. It's a powerful force, my boy, and women use it.""Is that why you gave them up?" Will asked, sympathetically. "Did paranoia drive you to celibacy?
James Jean-Pierre|In order to know the world from the outside, you must know yourself from the inside.
Gudjon Bergmann|Although the repetition of a word or phrase is a preparatory practice and is itself not meditation, choosing a word or phrase that honors your belief system can be the linchpin you need for your mediation practice, providing both motivation and philosophical coherency.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Things you call wrong, describe your levels of acceptance and understanding..
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Trust in God, gives us the hope to survive any situation.
Awdhesh Singh, Practising Spiritual Intelligence: For Innovation, Leadership and Happiness|People like the leaders; they like to follow them; they let the leaders to think on behalf of them; they like shepherds; they like to behave like sheep! For god’s sake, follow your own path, be an individual, be independent! Stop being a coach in the train, a duck in the row! Get some personality! Use your own mind to determine your own path! Forget the leader, forget the shepherd, forget the guru, and forget the protagonist! Be the leader of yourself!
Mark  Donnelly|Gemma, I’m not going to hurt you.” His voice is as smooth as silk as he winds around the bed, his radiant, green eyes fixed on me. “I promise I won’t hurt you. Everything’s okay.”I laugh sharply as I put weight on my weak legs. “That’s the biggest lie I’ve ever heard come out of your mouth, which says a lot since you’re the biggest liar I’ve ever met.
Laini Taylor, Lips Touch: Three Times|Thane - She grasped my face in her hands and pulled me to her, pressing soft kisses on my lips. My arm slid around her waist, and my hand pressed against the small of her back until her body melded with mine. My tongue demanded entrance, and she opened to me, allowing me to taste her, tease her, devour her. 	And in that moment, I claimed her as mine.
Diane Ackerman|Under any circumstance, simply do your best, and you will avoid self-judgment, self-abuse and regret.
Abhijit Naskar, Illusion of Religion: A Treatise on Religious Fundamentalism|Everything feels like the end of the world, and you can't reason with someone who can't see tomorrow.
Dan Savage|We're giving our freedoms away. The American experiment was about freedom. Freedom to be stupid, freedom to fail, freedom to succeed.
Deborah Hopkinson, Titanic: Voices From the Disaster|Technology isn’t what makes us “post-human” or “transhuman,” as some writers and scholars have recently suggested. It’s what makes us human. Technology is in our nature. Through our tools we give our dreams form. We bring them into the world. The practicality of technology may distinguish it from art, but both spring from a similar, distinctly human yearning.
Debasish Mridha|I am in love, I became an angel; flowers bloom with my touch, birds comes to me and sing love song,air touches my cheeks to feel my love,leaves are dancing around me with the melody of love.Oh love, I am in love, I am the love.
Tahereh Mafi, Ignite Me|I want you to be happy," I tell him, my eyes searching his. 'I want you to have a family. I want you to be surronded by people who care about you," I say. 'You deserve that.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|I got tired, I told him. Not worn out, but worn through. Like one of those wives who wakes up one morning and says I can't bake any more bread.You never bake bread, he wrote, and we were still joking.Then it's like I woke up and baked bread, I said, and we were joking even then. I wondered will there come a time when we won't be joking? And what would it look like? And how would that feel?When I was a girl, my life was music that was always getting louder. Everything moved me. A dog following a stranger. That made me feel so much. A calender that showed the wrong month. I could have cried over it. I did. Where the smoke from the chimney ended. How an overturned bottle rested at the edge of a table.I spent my life learning to feel less.Every day I felt less.Is that growing old? Or is it something worse?You cannot protect yourself from sadness without protecting yourself from happiness.
Jennifer Malone Wright, The Vampire Hunter's Daughter|The day stared back an empty gray, with not a speck of white to give character to the lifeless sky.
James Reston Jr.|In 1487 alone, two hundred heretics had-in one of the greatest euphemisms in the history of language-"relaxed," that is, burned at the stake. Dogs of God, Columbus, the Inquisition, and the Defeat of the Moors
George B. McClellan|Our souls may lose their peace and even disturb other people's, if we are always criticizing trivial actions - which often are not real defects at all, but we construe them wrongly through our ignorance of their motives.
Alison Weir, Eleanor of Aquitaine: A Life|Instead of saying that all gender is this or all gender id that, let's recognize that the word gender has scores of meanings built into it. It's an amalgamation of bodies, identities, and life experiences, subconscious urges, sensations, and behaviours, some of which develop organically, and others which are shaped by language and culture. Instead of saying that gender is any one single thing, let's start describing it as a holistic experience.
Ashley Stoyanoff, Two Truths and a Lie|Sometimes, 'someday' means 'I know it will never happen'.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|I had such plans for this evening. The pursuit of blind drunkenness and wayward women was my goal. But alas, it was not to be. No sooner had I consumed my third drink in the Devil than I was accosted by a delightful small flower selling child who asked me for twopence for a daisy. The price seemed steep, so I refused. When I told the girl as much, she proceeded to rob me.”“A little girl robbed you?” Tessa said.“Actually, she wasn’t a little girl at all, as it turns out, but a midget in a dress with a penchant for violence, who goes by the name of Six-Fingered Nigel.
Charles Dickens, Little Dorrit|It was a bad night to be about with such a feeling in one's heart. The rain was cold, pitiless and increasing. A damp, keen wind blew down the cross streets leading from the river. The fumes of the gas works seemed to fall with the rain. The roadway was muddy; the pavement greasy; the lamps burned dimly; and that dreary district of London looked its very gloomiest and worst.("The Old House In Vauxhall Road")
Gore Vidal|I’ve always said, ‘I have nothing to say, only to add.’ And it’s with each addition that the writing gets done. The first draft of anything is really just a track.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Although it pains me, I must admit that I have never found what I ‘need.’ And I am in this place because long ago I took it upon myself to decide what I ‘want’ to need, verses surrendering to what I ‘need’ to need. And thankfully I have realized that God made Christmas everything that I ‘want,’ but more so He made it everything that I ‘need.
Kevin Mitnick|Steve Wozniak and Steve Jobs founded Apple Inc, which set the computing world on its ear with the Macintosh in 1984.
Mac MacKenzie|When we are courageous enough to begin exploring the ‘Why’s” and the ‘Who’s' of life, the ‘How’s’ and ‘What’s’ of life start to come into focus as well. "﻿
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|Sex with a married woman ten years his senior was stress free and fulfilling, because it couldn't lead to anything
Henry James, Theory of Fiction: Henry James|You mustn't get so upset about what you feel, Spud. No one's a hundred per cent consistent all the time. We might like to be. We can plan our lives along certain lines. But you know, there's no future in screwing down all the pressure valves and smashing in the gauge. You can do it for a bit and then something goes. Sometimes it gets that the only thing is just to say, 'That's what I'd like to feel twenty-four hours a day; but, the hell with it, this is how I feel now.
Florence   Williams|If to have breasts is to be human, then to save them is to save ourselves.
Sara Sheridan|Did it matter? George thought perhaps it did, and not in terms of finding truth or of any hope of discovering what really happened at any given moment. There were as many truths - overlapping, stewed together - as there were tellers. The truth mattered less than story's life. A story forgotten died. A story remembered not only lived, but grew.
Henry Miller|I don't want to discredit people's individuality, but I think people are pretty much the same. People are very similar. If you have a good enough imagination then you can feel things that you personally have never done before. That's acting.
Rohinton Mistry, Such a Long Journey|When travelling, concentrate on the path! Don’t sleep! Don’t read! Just live the journey in full by observing the path instead of wandering in your own world!
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Kiss|You will be lonely, but you'll become strong.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|The point is, education in its truest form, is the foundation of all human endeavors. It is the most noble of all the civilized elements of human consciousness. Education enables the humans to achieve their fullest mental and physical potential in both personal and social life. The ability of being educated is what distinguishes humans from animals. You can teach a cockatoo to repeat a bunch of vocabularies, but you cannot teach it to construct a space shuttle and go to the moon.
Skyla Madi, Forever Consumed|When limitations breaks ,multiplication sets in. Brimekonsult
Jerry Spinelli, Stargirl|When a stargirl cries, she sheds not tears but light.
Latika Teotia|Difficult times always make us realize the true value of good times. Only a hungry person can appreciate the taste of a loaf of bread- however hard and old that loaf may be. Only a homeless person can truly appreciate the value of a roof over the head- even if it’s in an old unpainted building. Only the blind can appreciate the true value of sight- even if it’s hazy. And so on. So problems and difficulties teach us to better appreciate the good times. They are very important or else our lives would be partial. God is ALWAYS with us; never think, even in your wildest dreams, that He can ever forsake us. If you have been through only good times, you may have forgotten Him, because you were too busy celebrating and enjoying life. He was always there watching over you and keeping you out of harm’s way. It is only during your difficult times that you turn to Him. When things get out of hand you started cribbing and complaining that He has left you to the wolves. No, that’s not true; He was and is always there by your side. He’s now busy solving your problems and showing you a way out of the mess you are in. It is, perhaps, His way of showing the other side of life; of making you realize that things do go wrong and sunshine as well as rain should be taken in your stride. He sends rain to you to make you appreciate the warmth of sunny days. He puts you through difficult times to teach you the value of good times. It’s His way of teaching you to see the silver lining. You will not crib about the huge electricity bill, because you are earning enough to afford a good house with lights and heating gadgets to keep it warm. You will not feel irritated with the out of tune singer in the row behind you because it means that you can hear well. You will not feel miffed with your daughter for having dropped coffee on your clothes, because it means you have a family to come home to. Appreciate what you have and have thank the Lord for all that He has given you instead of crying for what you don’t have.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Your mission statement, vision statement, core values, and service standards provide a clear focus for all while keeping your team humble and hungry. It creates that family environment in which your employees enjoy coming to work and dealing with the challenges they face each day.
Gordon B. Hinckley|I believe that it should be the blessing of every child to be born into a home where that child is welcomed, nurtured, loved, and blessed with parents, a father and a mother, who live with loyalty to one another and to their children.
John Dewey, Democracy and Education|As a Republic governed through the utilization of a democratic process, elections are necessary in order to give every United States citizen a voice in the governing of this great nation.
Deyth Banger|After all answering "mmm" or silence in the story "The story in the Jail", it's shown that isn't the best idea.
Jean-Paul Sartre, The Flies|Ive told you before and my feelings haven't changed. I love you Sakura. Even if I cant match up to Natsume, my feelings would not lose to his. Even if we part ways and you forget about me, I will always think of you. Even if I grow old and leave this academy, I will definitely come see you. I'm here for you, until the day you look my way, I will always... I will always wait for you, together with Natsume. And this time around, I wont let Natsume steal you away again. Next time we meet, I will be more straight forward with my feelings, so that this time around, it wont be Natsume, but me you will choose, and me you will love. I wont lose, definitely." - Ruka
Shannon L. Alder|It takes courage to let go of the past and all the mechanisms you have put in place, in order to ease your pain, regret and fear through avoiding responsibility for it.
Andrew Smith, Moondust|Neruda had his first dream, First meeting with the Moon and the Sun In sunny La Mancha, hiding in his heart,Where he learned how to sing like a nightingale.
Saminu Kanti|Politics is a serious business dealing with serious issues and it should be taken very seriously, and seriously intelligent people should pronounce on political matters.
James Randolph Adams|My dad wanted me to be a professional person, which I was - I was a civil engineer. I graduated from civil engineering at USC in California. I became an engineer, and I helped design the roads for the L.A. County Roads Department. And I did that for about one and a half years in a sense to please my parents - to be a 'respectable' person.
Tara Brach, Radical Acceptance: Embracing Your Life With the Heart of a Buddha|Clearly recognizing what is happening inside us, and regarding what we see with an open, kind and loving heart, is what I call Radical Acceptance. If we are holding back from any part of our experience, if our heart shuts out any part of who we are and what we feel, we are fueling the fears and feelings of separation that sustain the trance of unworthiness. Radical Acceptance directly dismantles the very foundations of this trance.
Victoria Osteen|I cannot think that we are useless or God would not have created us. There is one God looking down on us all. We are all the children of one God. The sun, the darkness, the winds are all listening to what we have to say.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Pure|I love redheads. It’s not the hair color, it’s the crazy.
Neal Stephenson, Snow Crash|Madness, and then illumination.
Indrajit Garai|Not the measure of words is necessary, but their meaning.
Connor Franta, A Work in Progress|Now, four years out of high school, I'm in an environment where people appreciate personality over appearance, and that makes me happy.
Laini Taylor, Dreams of Gods & Monsters|Superficial efficiency seems cheaper at first, but it costs more the long run, with the cost being pushed off onto someone other than the one who saves a few bucks.
Richard P. Feynman|Wanted: a man who will not lose his individuality in a crowd, a man who has the courage of his convictions, who is not afraid to say 'No,' though all the world say 'Yes.'
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|In the construction of houses, choice of woods is made. Straight un-knotted timber of good appearance is used for the revealed pillars, straight timber with small defects is used for the inner pillars. Timbers of the finest appearance, even if a little weak, is used for the thresholds, lintels, doors, and sliding doors, and so on. Good strong timber, though it be gnarled and knotted, can always be used discreetly in construction.
Anthony Liccione|If you have not been served personally by caring hands in your own life, do not be bitter, but instead, ask yourself who you can now serve.
Charles Bukowski, The Last Night of the Earth Poems|Up until then, whenever anyone had mentioned the possibility of making a film adaptation, my answer had always been, ‘No, I’m not interested.’ I believe that each reader creates his own film inside his head, gives faces to the characters, constructs every scene, hears the voices, smells the smells. And that is why, whenever a reader goes to see a film based on a novel that he likes, he leaves feeling disappointed, saying: ‘the book is so much better than the film.
Edward Abbey, Confessions of a Barbarian|The whole crowd interrupted and told him, 'No, we won't let you go. You have worked hard for our rights and you can't quit now.''Then,' said Riel, 'if I must, I will desert.''If you desert, we will desert with you.
Dean Koontz, Odd Interlude: A Special Odd Thomas Adventure|I sold my first short story to Pyramid Press, where it was chiseled onto fifteen slabs of granite, and for which I was paid nine goats.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|If you want to strike, strike now. No matter how skillfully a footballer strikes beyond the 90 minutes' regulated time, he makes no influence. Strike now before it becomes too late!
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|Not knowing is half the fun," Aphrodite said, "Exquisitely painful isn't it? Not being sure who you love and who loves you? Oh, you kids! It's so cute I'm going to cry!
Ernest Vincent Wright, Gadsby|If You Want To Learn About LOVE,Happiness And Joy, Please Go To Your Childhood and Learn.
Thomas Harris, The Silence of the Lambs|When we die, our bodies turn to dust,” he says. “If you were nobody of consequence, you're forgotten unless you do something worth remembering.” When he looks my way, I purse my lips and look down. “Otherwise, you're just another place marker in the ground. These buildings will rot here, their bodies are above the ground taunting us with what we did wrong as a people. Reminding us of the evil we're capable of. They are constant.
Lisa Sanchez, Eve of Samhain|What the hell was going on, why did I care, and why, oh why, did I not carry a pocket rocket in my purse? My girlie bits were still on fire, screaming for release after Mr. Sex God’s orgasmic touch.
Muhammad Saqib|People wears a mask of lie so they look attractive , so be careful
Mark Twain, Following the Equator: A Journey Around the World|Simply put, dramatic irony is when a person makes a harmless remark, and someone else who hears it knows something that makes the remark have a different, and usually unpleasant, meaning. For instance, if you were in a restaurant and said out loud, "I can't wait to eat the veal marsala I ordered," and there were people around who knew that the veal marsala was poisoned and that you would die as soon as you took a bite, your situation would be one of dramatic irony.
Russell Blackford|In moments of unmet desire, heartbreak, or grief, Satan sends a poisonous arrow of doubt straight at your heart. This was his plan with Eve. He persuaded her to think God was "holding out on her" and that she would be better off not listening to Him.
Clive Barker|There is no such thing as originality. It has all been said before, suffered before. If a person knows that, is it any wonder love becomes mechanical and death just a scene to be shunned? There is no absolute knowledge to be gained from either. Just another ride on the merry-go-round, another blurred scene of faces smiling and faces grieved.
Francis Bacon|Anyone can see that intending and not acting when we can is not really intending, and loving and not doing good when we can is not really loving.
Vivienne Westwood|You always bump into politics in life, and as a man, I'm party to a number of environmental issues that concern me first and foremost, as a man, as a father.
Stephen King, Bag of Bones|And at night the river flows, it bears pale stars on the holy water, some sink like veils, some show like fish, the great moon that once was rose now high like a blazing milk flails its white reflection vertical and deep in the dark surgey mass wall river's grinding bed push. As in a sad dream, under the streetlamp, by pocky unpaved holes in dirt, the father James Cassidy comes home with lunchpail and lantern, limping, redfaced, and turns in for supper and sleep.Now a door slams. The kids have rushed out for the last play, the mothers are planning and slamming in kitchens, you can hear it out in swish leaf orchards, on popcorn swings, in the million-foliaged sweet wafted night of sighs, songs, shushes. A thousand things up and down the street, deep, lovely, dangerous, aureating, breathing, throbbing like stars; a whistle, a faint yell; the flow of Lowell over rooftops beyond; the bark on the river, the wild goose of the night yakking, ducking in the sand and sparkle; the ululating lap and purl and lovely mystery on the shore, dark, always dark the river's cunning unseen lips, murmuring kisses, eating night, stealing sand, sneaky.'Mag-gie!' the kids are calling under the railroad bridge where they've been swimming. The freight train still rumbles over a hundred cars long, the engine threw the flare on little white bathers, little Picasso horses of the night as dense and tragic in the gloom comes my soul looking for what was there that disappeared and left, lost, down a path--the gloom of love. Maggie, the girl I loved.
David Sedaris|To sin by silence, when they should protest, makes cowards of men.
Dada Bhagwan|Is it not necessary to eat? Is it not necessary to go to the toilet? They are necessary. In the same way, money is also required. Just as one does not have to think about going to the toilet; it happens automatically, in the same way, money comes without you having to think about it.
S.R. Gibbs, The Inner Kingdom|That is when you know you have reached the point of no return, when you began to stalk a ghost.
Na, I'll Be Seeing You|Tonight started innocently enough. Most terrible things do, right?
Neil Gaiman, Marvel 1602|There are people.There are stories.The people think they shape the stories, but the reverse if often closer to the truth.Stories shape the world. They exist independently of people, and in places quite devoid of man, there may yet be mythologies.
Victoria Rice, Blood Ties|Though lovers be lost, love shall not; And death shall have no dominion.-Dylan Thomas
مُضر آل أحميّد, Dismantling ISIS|It was inevitable, as soon as legends of miracles became attached to the names of the great mystics, that the credulous masses should applaud imposture more than true devotion; the cult of the saints, against which orthodox Islam ineffectually protested, promoted ignorance and superstition, and confounded charlatanry with lofty speculation. To live scandalously, to act impudently, to speak unintelligibly—this was the easy highroad to fame, wealth, and power.
Reese Witherspoon|I was often very, incredibly naughty, and if I didn't come home at tea time I used to be sent to bed without any dinner. But people used to bring me things: I was better fed in bed.
Iris Johansen, The Ugly Duckling|Wine?" I asked, ready to order."I’d rather have Sex on the Beach." He winked at me with a devilish grin.
Gary Johnson|We have a legal immigration system that's outdated, it's primarily based on whether you have family members living here. In the 21st century, it has to be more of a merit-based system, and that is why our legal immigration system is in need of modernization.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The entire world is in turmoil. We are living in a time of enormous conflict and cultural transformation. We have been stunned by shockwaves of change in nation after nation, all around the globe.
Compton Gage|The thing that had been, it is that which shall be; And that which is done is that which shall be done.
Dianna Hardy, The Sands Of Time|It took Pueblo a few seconds to take in his surroundings. The first thing he realised was that he felt bruised all over; the second was that his clothes were waterlogged, even more than before, from the quicksand; and the third, was that he had landed on his front and was lying on a large, uncomfortable stone.No, wait… In his disoriented state, he shifted his weight. The stone didn't move. He was lying on his own fucking erection.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|...it only takes one voice, at the right pitch, to start an avalanche.
Peter Block, Community: The Structure of Belonging|We abuse land because we regard it as a commodity belonging to us. When we see land as a community to which we belong, we may begin to use it with love and respect.
Andrea Lochen, The Repeat Year|Thus the 'fortune-teller' is trying to foresee something that is really quite unforeseeable. This is characteristic of all forms of foreseeing. And precisely because what they 'see' is so vague, it is hard to repudiate fortune-tellers' claims.
Suzette R. Hinton|Pay your bills, yes. But don't invest in them. Invest in your dreams. What you invest in grows.
Michael  Grant, Plague|Stupidity is not a disease, it's a choice.
Dada Bhagwan|The entire world is surviving only due to ‘beliefs’, not because of ‘Knowledge’ (Gnan). Every human being is (living) only because of beliefs.
Harold Brodkey|I figured I had kept her from being too depressed after fucking--it's hard for a girl with any force in her and any brains to accept the whole thing of fucking, of being fucked without trying to turn it on its end, so that she does some fucking, or some fucking up; I mean, the mere power of arousing the man so he wants to fuck isn't enough; she wants him to be willing to die in order to fuck. There's a kind of strain or intensity women are bred for, as beasts, for childbearing when childbearing might kill them, and child rearing when the child might die at any moment: it's in women to live under that danger, with that risk, that close to tragedy, with that constant taut or casual courage. They need death and nobility near. To be fucked when there's no drama inherent in it, when you're not going to rise to a level of nobility and courage forever denied the male, is to be cut off from what is inherently female, bestially speaking.
Ajay Chandan|One who hates to be driven through suffering has no right to expect the pleasure, for pleasure may give joy but the pain gives meaning; Meaningless Joy is like anchor-less Ship sailing in a shoreless sea
Gil Asakawa, Being Japanese American: A JA Sourcebook for Nikkei, Hapa . . . and Their Friends|For while spirituality has the dynamic to transcend and transform culture, it invariably expresses itself in and through culture.
Patty Jenkins|Teaching emotional intelligence skills to people with life-threatening illnesses has been shown to reduce the rate of recurrence, shrink recovery times, and lower death rates.
Jaeda DeWalt|We can't worry away our problems, but we can worry anxiety into our mind and body. Thought energy is powerful. It's not easy to do, but we serve our well-being best, when we face our struggles head on and accept difficulties that are beyond our control and trust that we can garner the support and strength we need to jump the hurdles. Life needn't feel like a walking on a tightrope of tension. True peace is the calm within the storm.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Dear Ijeawele, or a Feminist Manifesto in Fifteen Suggestions|Teach her about difference. Make difference ordinary. Make difference normal. Teach her not to attach value to difference. And the reason for this is not to be fair or to be nice but merely to be human and practical. Because difference is the reality of our world. And by teaching her about difference, you are equipping her to survive in a diverse world. She must know and understand that people walk different paths in the world and that as long as those paths do no harm to others, they are valid paths that she must respect. Teach her that we do not know – we cannot know – everything about life. Both religion and science have spaces for the things we do not know, and it is enough to make peace with that. Teach her never to universalise her own standards or experiences. Teach her that her standards are for her alone, and not for other people. This is the only necessary form of humility: the realisation that difference is normal.
Sukant Ratnakar, Open The Windows: To the World around You|When rate of problems is greater than rate of solutions, only radical changes can make the difference.
Steven Poore, The Heir to the North|Here's a tragedy for you. Arca the Brave, one of the last heroes of Cape Magister, the man who held the line at the Usurper's Fields, who saw even the mighty Guhl fall and die... now he sleeps on my floor and begs for scraps like a dog. Perhaps there are some wars that are not worth fighting.
Leslie A. Gordon, Cheer|.....what happened to my little brother had to fit into my life, not consume or define it.
Sarah Dessen, Keeping the Moon|If you try anything, if you try to lose weight, or to improve yourself, or to love, or to make the world a better place, you have already achieved something wonderful, before you even begin. Forget failure. If things don't work out the way you want, hold your head up high and be proud. And try again. And again. And again!
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|Character is what the world needs - character that will empower the mind with such an unimaginable strength that one would meet death face to face and say “some other time, pal!
Kate McGahan, The Lizard from Rainbow Bridge: A True Tale of an Unexpected Angel|There is a strange intangible place on the outside edges of the human mind. It hangs there like a constant witness. It judges a person's every move, every thought and every action. Some people think it is “big brother” or God, but it is just a critical place inside the person’s own mind that judges and condemns. It is the very place where we judge ourselves when we cross Rainbow Bridge into Heaven.
Alyssa Cole, Let Us Dream|Women helped each other in ways small and large every day, without thinking, and that was what kept them going even when the world came up with new and exciting ways to crush them.
Robert E. Lee|Which was worse, telling a person you loved them when you didn’t mean it? Or loving them and never telling them at all?
Guy Kawasaki, Enchantment: The Art of Changing Hearts, Minds, and Actions|While we're living, we need to get over ourselves and accept others if we want to enchant people.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Relationship for someone it's like to life, as life happens once its happens once.Relationship for someone it's like a night,which come every day in new forma with new dreams, same like this every new night,new person, new relation.
Sara Winters, Worth the Wait|Marc had grown up, gotten away from the partying lifestyle that made him feel as if his mere presence was a gift to those around him and knew himself for what he'd truly been back then. A fool. Hopelessly in love with a friend who'd never wanted more from him than he'd already given. This weekend, Marc hoped to change that.
Cyc Jouzy|Do You Know That By Just Saying "I WANNA DIE" Or "I WISH I COULD DIE" ...God Can Answer That Prayer???You Will Be Cancelled In The Book Of Life And At Heaven You Will Be Dead, But You Will Just Be Walking On Earth Waiting To Go To Hell. Thats What Most People Call HELL OF A LIFE... A Life Of Someone Who Is Not Written In The Book Of Life.So People Stop Playing With Those Words.And If You Once Said That, PRAY TONIGHT SO THAT GOD RE-WRITES YOU IN THE BOOK OF LIFE.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In suffering, we build our strength for ultimate success.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|I had a fair idea how it felt to get spanked with a large flat surface, and my rump clenched in sympathy.
Maya Angelou|Education can become a self-fulfilling activity, liberating in and of itself.
Tara Sim, Timekeeper|And now that I've been exposed to this feeling, perfect mouth against perfect mouth, the natural order of things, I wonder why people don't kiss all day, every day. How does anything ever get done?
Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation|... each gratification points to the ultimate one, and that all happiness has some connection with eternal beatitude. Some connection, if only this: that every fulfillment this side of Heaven instantly reveals its inadequacy. It is immediately evident that such satisfactions are not enough; they are not what we have really sought; they cannot really satisfy us at all.
Kevin Brockmeier, The View from the Seventh Layer|...When you die, the energy that kept you alive filters into the people you loved. Did you know that? It's like a fire you've tended all your life, and the sparks are all scattered into the wind.... That's why we survive as long as we do, because the people who loved us keep us going.
Brian Greene|I love getting my nails done. My mom's best friend is a manicurist. When I was little, she'd do little paintings on my nails, like flowers.
Oscar Bimpong|Whether in Career or Business, those at the top of the ladder use their MIND to make money whilst those at the bottom use their energy and strength.
Emily Littlejohn, Inherit the Bones|What else is a child, but hope? Hope for the future, hope for one's own salvation, hope for a tomorrow that shines as bright and warm as the best yesterday you can remember.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Astrophysics for People in a Hurry|We are stardust brought to life, then empowered by the universe to figure itself out—and we have only just begun.
S. Kelley Harrell, Gift of the Dreamtime - Reader's Companion|All wisdom contracts then expands, contracts then expands. That is how consciousness evolves.
Louis Pasteur|The British nation is unique in this respect. They are the only people who like to be told how bad things are, who like to be told the worst.
Maysoon Zayid|The aim of the Revolution is, so far as the interests of China herself are concerned, the restoration of her original frontiers and, in regard to the rest of the world, a gradual advance of all nations from the stage of equality to that of an ideal unity.
Brian Celio, Catapult Soul|When I left high school with my diploma, it felt like I was holding a key that would unlock the door to a better world. Every teacher I passed on my way down to the parking lot—the ones who suspended me for questioning them both earnestly and in jest, suspended me for using a contumacious hip-shake as my hallway gait, suspended me for me being me—the ones who would roll their eyes if my behavior was, on the whole, unpatriotic, unjustified, and immature—well, on the way down that long black declivity, their faces seemed so contorted as if lurking shadows had vice grips locked on their kidneys, wrenching it every time a teacher didn't want to remain upright and respectful. Yes, they didn’t want to me to succeed either! I pledge allegiance to the flag that united every authority in that indefensible school looked at me, even treated me, as if I was a terrorist, or at the very least, unpatriotic. But God—didn’t the red blood, white skin, and blue balls that flagged my physical existence suffice for me to have a little liberty and justice?
Robert Sarah, The Power of Silence: Against the Dictatorship of Noise|Our world no longer hears God because it is constantly speaking, at a devastating speed and volume, in order to say nothing.
Pat Schneider, How the Light Gets in: Writing as a Spiritual Practice|I will age for you, if it pleases you. I will match you, wrinkle for wrinkle, grey hair for grey hair, crease for crease, wrinkle for wrinkle. You will be so beautiful when you are old.
Jiddu Krishnamurti|Judaism is a brilliant religion, and the main function of Judaism is to learn and read.
Plato|Nice enough?” he asked, tendons tightening in his neck like he intended to Hulk out on me. “Did you just call my kiss ‘nice enough’?
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry|A coward,' he declared with dignity, when he'd stopped coughing and had got his breath back, 'dies a hundred times. A brave man dies but once. But Dame Fortune favours the brave and holds the coward in contempt.'— 	Dandelion
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|What if dragons breathed bubbles and purred when they cuddled and giggled at chivalrous knights for their troubles?What if dragons felt soft, having scales made of cloth,and they moved rather slow like a brown-throated sloth?What if dragons were shyand did easily crywhen confronted by characters callous and sly?What if dragons did goodbut were misunderstoodso men mercilessly slew the beasts right where they stood?What if dragons aren’t missedbecause there is no listof extinct types of quarry that now don’t exist?
Bijou Hunter, Train Wreck|POPPY (standing up to Paul): He fits me, and I don’t want to change. Not for you or anyone. I’m deeply in love with myself, and Emmett respects that...“I’m not her (Christine). I don’t have a dream to fix animal boo-boos. Loving Emmett and living close to my family are the only dreams I see as worth having.
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Match Me If You Can|I'll teach you how to come with a man inside you. Not a boy, Addison, a man.
Sydney Logan, Lessons Learned|LARRY--(with increasing bitter intensity, more as if he were fighting with himself than with Hickey) I'm afraid to live, am I?--and even more afraid to die! So I sit here, with my pride drowned on the bottom of a bottle, keeping drunk so I won't see myself shaking in my britches with fright, or hear myself whining and praying: Beloved Christ, let me live a little longer at any price! If it's only for a few days more, or a few hours even, have mercy, Almighty God, and let me still clutch greedily to my yellow heart this sweet treasure, this jewel beyond price, the dirty, stinking bit of withered old flesh which is my beautiful little life! (He laughs with a sneering, vindictive self-loathing, staring inward at himself with contempt and hatred. Then abruptly he makes Hickey again the antagonist.) You think you'll make me admit that to myself?
Kamaran Ihsan Salih, The Revealed Sense|Do not afraid of your previous mistakes, try to fix them.
Andrew Peterson|Wild Fremen said it well: "Four things cannot be hidden -- love, smoke, a pillar of fire and a man striding across the open bled.
Charles Bukowski, Sifting Through the Madness for the Word, the Line, the Way|As an improviser, I always find it jarring when I meet someone in real life whose first answer is no. “No, we can’t do that.” “No, that’s not in the budget.” “No, I will not hold your hand for a dollar.” What kind of way is that to live?
sambalme|... because one kingdom goes to war with another, it does not mean all citizens of that kingdom agree with it. It is not always they have a choice.
James C. Collins|I don't know where we should take this company, but I do know that if I start with the right people, ask them the right questions, and engage them in vigorous debate, we will find a way to make this company great.
Farshad Asl|Someone is closing deals today, regardless of the weather, economy, politics, or any other excuses. Get out there and add value to people's lives by helping them move forward toward their financial freedom, peace of mind, and legacy.
Cheryl Hughes|If you don't want to slip up tomorrow, speak the truth today.
Cornell Woolrich, Tales of Obsession: Mystery Stories of Fatal Attractions and Deadly Desires|An old dream with a shiny new veneer. It's fascinating, you know, how an obsolete madness is sometimes adopted and stylized in an attempt to ghoulishly preserve it. These are the days of second-hand fantasies and antiquated hysteria.("The Chymist")
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Appreciate the creation, respect the creator of it, and admire the source of all creativity.
Michael T. Flynn|The intelligence community does not have complete 'eyes on' the totality of the Iranian nuclear program, nor can it guarantee that we have identified all of Iran's nuclear facilities and processes.
Zack Love, The Doorman|O God, help me to believe the truth about myself, no matter how beautiful it is.
Cristiane Serruya, Love Painted in Red|War comes home— invades it, literally— and every day is another combat. Only, there’s nothing available, nothing real to fight. And you never know when the next attack will come, only from whom it will come.
Reza Aslan, Zealot: The Life and Times of Jesus of Nazareth|The Romans may be known for many things, but humor isn't one of them. As usual, this interpretation relies on a prima facie reading of Jesus as a man with no political ambitions whatsoever. That is nonsense. All criminals sentenced to execution received a titulus so that everyone know the crime for which they were being punished and thus be deterred from taking part in similar activity. That the wording on Jesus's titulus was likely genuine is demonstrated by Joseph A. Fitzmeyer, who notes that "if [the titulus] were invented by Christians, they would have used Christos, for early Christians would scarcely have called their Lord 'King of the Jews'."[..] the notion that a no-name Jewish peasant would have received a personal audience with the Roman governor, Pontius Pilate, who had probably signed a dozen execution orders that day alone, is so outlandish that it cannot be taken seriously.
Janae Mitchell, For Always|It's a damn shame that when I finally fall in love that it had to be after I died." He dropped his head and shut his eyes.Oh, mylanta. Did he just say what I think he did?He looked back up at me, taking my breath. "What are we gonna do?"I knew what I was gonna do—hyperventilate.
Napoleon Hill, You Can Work Your Own Miracles|Memory is the 'filling cabinet' of the brain wherein is stored all thought impulses, all conscious experiences, and all sensations which reach the brain through the five physical senses.
Dorothy L. Sayers, Gaudy Night|Yimello,' said Bernard finally, breaking the silence.'Gesundheit?' I asked.'It's a name for one of the colors that's invisible to us. Yimello," said Bernard. "There could also be glowl and novaly and replitz."'Yes.' I nodded, stunned the kid could actually string together so many words at once. 'And, uh, don't forget the beautiful grynn, the luminous dulloff, or the subtle winooze.'Bernard's face lit up. He stood and started pacing the room, speaking quickly. 'Or salty, and insomnia, and carefree, and talkative, and lonely, and burnt, and punctual.''Some of my favorite colors,' I agreed, nodding. 'We could paint this room whisper. Or zigzag. Or maybe a nice shade of ignored and invisible.
Iain Banks, A Song of Stone|You may have misery,” she continued, ignoring my plea, “you may lose hope in the sorrow of an unplanned life but as long as you have faith and trust in adoration, in affection, in love, that sorrow will turn to happiness. And that is a constant, dear.” She breathed deeply and steadily for a moment, seemingly catching her breath.“No one can know sincere happiness, Sophie, without first having known sorrow. One can never appreciate the enormity and rareness of such a fiery bliss without seeing misery, however unfair that may be.“And you will know honest happiness. Of that I am certain. Certain because it’s why you are here and also because here is your inevitability.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, Between the World and Me|You were born into a society which spelled out with brutal clarity, and in as many ways as possible, that you were a worthless human being. You were not expected to aspire to excellence: you were expected to make peace with mediocrity.
Roland Barthes, Camera Lucida: Reflections on Photography|We all perform. It's what we do for each other all the time, deliberately or unintionally. It's a way of telling about ourselves in the hope of being recognized as what we'd like to be.--PERFORMANCE
Cora Carmack|Ava,"Since shewas right, Daddy Shane has been calling her ourwalking, talking Magic 8 Ball, although we’re notallowed to shake her when we want answers.
Steven Heighton|It is not my methodology to engage too much with critics for many reasons:- I honestly believe that my ego is not worthy of my having to defend it. There are far more important things in the ummah than me having to respond to critics.- By and large, criticism is a part of human life and nature and we have ourselves to accomplish more than just responding to what people say about us.- The best way to silence the speech of the critics it through the deafening noise of your own actions.- Criticising is the job that requires zero qualifications.
Charbel Tadros|If the only way for you to get people to do your bidding is through force or intimidation, you are neither a leader nor a boss: you are an a**hole.
Martin Luther|It's just a whole different thing, and it's just that my life has been a blessing, and I thank god every day for the gifts that he has given me and for my daughter and to be able to watch her grow and be a part of her joys and her excitement and what she wants to do in life.
Chetan Bhagat|If you're a citizen of the State of New York, your kid has as much a right as another kid to an education, and the best education. The money should be distributed equally to all.
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|I heard raindrops in the nightPattering upon my eaves,Like a pleasing lullabyEasing me back to sleep,Which I thought was odd a bit,For I awoke because of it.
Randi Weingarten|I am indebted to my father for living, but to my teacher for living well.
Elisabeth Elliot|Do you often feel like parched ground, unable to produce anything worthwhile? I do. When I am in need of refreshment, it isn't easy to think of the needs of others. But I have found that if, instead of praying for my own comfort and satisfaction, I ask the Lord to enable me to give to others, an amazing thing often happens - I find my own needs wonderfully met. Refreshment comes in ways I would never have thought of, both for others, and then, incidentally, for myself.
Gudjon Bergmann|Meditation is a state, often defined as deep dreamless sleep awake. But, in the same way that you cannot sleep on demand, you cannot meditate on demand—that is, you can’t reach the state instantly in the same way that you can raise your right hand. The practices preceding meditation are relaxation, stillness and mental focus. Those are all things you can do. They are the preparation. Then, if you the circumstances are right, you can transition from the waking to the meditative state.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Crime and Punishment|I took a few dragging steps toward the locker-room door. 'You're doing something to me that I wouldn't do to a dog,' I mumbled. 'What you're doing to me is worse than if you were to kill me. You're locking me up in shadows for the rest of my life. You're taking my mind away from me. You're condemning me slowly but surely to madness, to being without a mind. It won't happen right away, but sooner or later, in six months or in a year - Well, I guess that's that.'I fumbled my way out of the locker room and down the passageway outside, guiding myself with one arm along the wall, and past the sergeant's desk and down the steps, and then I was out in the street.("All At Once, No Alice")
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Not until your heart and mind comes into a total agreement for the approval of your true purpose on earth, you shall least unleash your full energy and true strength to accomplish your true mission with enthusiasm and full tenacity.
Jacob Nordby|Among the greatest tragedies is a person who believes that they aren't meant to win--by winning I mean find their purpose, passion and joy in life.They believe that other people have better DNA or happiness genes or something, but that they themselves are missing a critical chromosome.This is a lie and it is begging to be un-believed.For the moment we know the truth about ourselves, we can take both responsibility for our own lives and inspired action to create exactly the life which is our birthright.In other words, you were meant to win. You were created for joy.
Colleen Hoover, November 9|No, that I love you. I love you, Isabel Marie Nichols, and I have since the first day I watched your golden blonde hair dance in the sunlight. That day, you became mine.
L. Frank Baum, The Marvelous Land of Oz|All magic is unnatural, and for that reason is to be feared and avoided ~ The Scarecrow
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...You say you don't mistrust me, yet you quote Chrysostom - Hell is paved with priests' skulls....
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|There are possibilities that exist beyond our present "knowing," and to see those possibilities, we must abandon that which makes us feel safe.
J.R.R. Tolkien|There's a tree," Starflight said, jumping to his feet. "In the fo
Mohith Agadi|While farmers contribute to our survival, let us also do our part by showing them respect in form of not wasting food.
Shweta Ganesh Kumar, Between The Headlines|She still loved the profession and enjoyed the lives and piece to cameras, but she knew it was all a tad too farcical at times. There were far too many stories they reported and forgot. Far too many conflicts that were once headlines and had captured the imaginations of many now awaited resolution, stale and unwanted as yesterday’s tea. It was hard to keep up your spirit when you started realizing it was just a job after all and that a headline did not change someone’s destiny. Except maybe the reporter’s if she or he was picked up by a rival channel for better pay. So getting into the profession wanting to make a difference and working for the greater good as the journalists of yore had done was certainly not an option anymore.
Mark Hyman|Lifestyle change and changes in diet work faster, better and more cheaply than any medication and are as effective or more effective than gastric bypass without any side effects or long-term complications.
Kate Lattey, Flying Changes|As the most powerful people in history, we have climbed to the top of the world food chain, so to speak. Facing not one single enemy or predator who poses to us any danger of consequence, we've found the only prey left: ourselves.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Or yet in wise old Ravenclaw, if you've a ready mind, Where those of wit and learning, Will always find their kind.
Debasish Mridha|Do what you like and like what you doIt will bring success, joy and happiness to you.
Wayne Kramer|I find Indian music very funky. I mean it's very soulful, with their own kind of blues. But it's the only other school on the planet that develops improvisation to the high degree that you find in jazz music. So we have a lot of common ground.
Jacob Nordby|I am not a genuine woman, but I am not interested in genuineness.
Graham Greene, The Quiet American|They killed him because he was too innocent to live. He was young and ignorant and silly and he got involved. He had no more of a notion than any of you what the whole affair's about, and you gave him money and York Harding's books on the East and said, 'Go ahead. Win the East for democracy.' He never saw anything he hadn't heard in a lecture hall, and his writers and his lecturers made a fool of him.
Maria Mazziotti Gillan, Writing Poetry to Save Your Life: How to Find the Courage to Tell Your Stories|Sometimes in composition class, when I have been confronted by someone who simply cannot get the first word written on paper, I give the following advice: Say your essay into a tape recorder and then write it down.
Marie-Sabine Roger, Das Labyrinth der Wörter|Books should not be loved selfishly. Neither books nor anything else, in fact.
Laurie Nadel, Dancing with the Wind: A True Story of Zen in the Art of Windsurfing|Lucid dreams often feel like this—as if you are observing yourself from a point over your shoulders-arm flexed, hands curving around the boom, breathing, in three dimensional silence.
Nina Croft, His Fantasy Girl|Hey, she was his fantasy girl. She was supposed to act in an appropriate fantasy-like manner. She wasn’t supposed to look at him as though he was all her nightmares rolled up into one big pile of dog crap that she couldn’t wait to scrape off her sensible shoes. And that was only after she’d finally recognized him—which had taken far longer than it should have done considering they’d had hot, mind-blowing sex every night for a year...In his dreams.
Henry David Thoreau|May your trails be crooked, winding, lonesome, dangerous, leading to the most amazing view. May your mountains rise into and above the clouds.
Stacie Hammond, Ana J. Awakens|Teachers and leaders and storytellers and healers will grow from the earth like blessed flowers, blossoming outward with Divine guidance, to lead the rest.
Justin Cronin, The City of Mirrors|How wonderful to be read to. To be carried from this world and into another, born away on words.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|When all is said and done, the invention of writing must be reckoned not only as a brilliant innovation but as a surpassing good for humanity. And assuming that we survive long enough to use their inventions wisely, I believe the same will be said of the modern Thoths and Prometheuses who are today devisingcomputers and programs at the edge of machine intelligence.
Vijaya Gowrisankar|Your exuberance, passion, mesmerizing voice, animated actions, and eyes full of dreamscaptured my attentionso completely, that I didn't feel the bitter taste of coffee
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|I would stand there at times and remember how beautiful God created this world, and then I would be reassured that he would certainly take care of me and all of my loved ones.
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|Would not a rational society spend more on understanding and preventing, than on preparing for, the next war?
Stephanie Tom|When they see the light at the end of the tunnel, some people run towards it. I, however, run from it as fast as I can because I know that it's attatched to a speeding train coming in our direction. And if I were you, staring at that light drooling and saying "Ooh, pretty," I would run as fast as my legs could carry me, because I don't plan on dying early with the rest of you fools.
Thiruman Archunan|While the United States is becoming the most culturally diverse nation in the world, less than 5.5% of Christian congregations are multiethnic.
Courtney Summers, All the Rage|I wished at that moment that the Wests had killed me, it would have been a merciful release from the hell that DC Smith was putting me through. This barrage of questions by DC Smith and his heavy-handedness into this inquiry and his bullying barrack-room interrogation style of interviewing had left me feeling shamed.
Eric Berlin, The Puzzling World of Winston Breen|He hadn't woken a day since my death when the day wasn’t something to get through. But the truth was, the memorial service day was not the worst kind. At least it was honest. At least it was a day shaped around what they were so preoccupied by: my absence. Today he would not have to pretend he was getting back to normal—whatever normal was.
― Tony "Success Activator" Dovale|As Technology Revolutionizes the Workplace, we must Revolutionise our thinking to make the Workplace a HUMANE and GREAT place to Work.. or we will surely lose our Souls to business profiteers.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Be calm when your wife yells at you, calmer when she chastens you, but be terrified when she ignores you.
Vann Chow, The White Man and the Pachinko Girl|What happens to you here is forever. Understand that in advance. We shall crush you down to the point from which there is no coming back. Things will happen to you from which you could not recover, if you lived a thousand years. Never again will you be capable of ordinary human feeling. Everything will be dead inside you. Never again will you be capable of love, or friendship, or joy of living, or laughter, or curiosity, or courage, or integrity. You will be hollow. We shall squeeze you empty and then we shall fill you with ourselves.
Rebecca Solnit, A Field Guide to Getting Lost|David had been photographing endangered species in the Hawaiian rainforest and elsewhere for years, and his collections of photographs and Suzie's tarot cards seemed somehow related. Because species disappear when their habitat does, he photographed them against the nowhere of a black backdrop (which sometimes meant propping up a black velvet cloth in the most unlikely places and discouraging climates), and so each creature, each plant, stood as though for a formal portrait alone against the darkness. The photographs looked like cards too, card from the deck of the world in which each creature describes a history, a way of being in the world, a set of possibilities, a deck from which cards are being thrown away, one after another. Plants and animals are a language, even in our reduced, domesticated English, where children grow like weeds or come out smelling like roses, the market is made up of bulls and bears, politics of hawks and doves. Like cards, flora and fauna could be read again and again, not only alone but in combination, in the endlessly shifting combinations of a nature that tells its own stories and colors ours, a nature we are losing without even knowing the extent of that loss.
Helen Fielding, Bridget Jones's Diary|It struck me as pretty ridiculous to be called Mr. Darcy and to stand on your own looking snooty at a party. It's like being called Heathcliff and insisting on spending the entire evening in the garden, shouting "Cathy" and banging your head against a tree.
Hillary Rodham Clinton|And, and to all the little girls who are watching this, never doubt that you are valuable and powerful and deserving of every chance and opportunity in the world to pursue and achieve your own dreams.
Andy Lane, Slow Decay|Ever seen a two-year-old tattering around a garden? There might be a poison ivy, or rose bushes or hawthorne around the edges. There might be spades or secateurs lying on the lawn. The kid doesn't care. He just wants to play with all those brightly coloured things he sees. To him, the world is a safe place. And you might want to rush out and cut back all those sharp spiky plants so they can't hurt him, and you might want to clear away all those dangerous tools just in case, he picks them up and cut himself on them, but you know you shouldn't because if you keep doing that then he either will grow up thinking the can never hurt him, or he might go the other way, and think that everything is dangerous, and he should never go far from your side. So you just watch. And wait. And if he does get rush from the poison ivy or if he does cut his fingers off with the secateurs, then you get him to the hospital as quickly as you can, in the reasonably sure knowledge the he'll never make the same mistake again.
Anthony T Hincks|We never stop loving,No matter what we say,because we say just empty words,to keep our hurt away.
Peter David, Q-In-Law|If we can't alter the tide of events, at least we can be nearby with towels to mop up.
Ezra Pound, Selected Poems of Ezra Pound|And round about there is a rabbleOf the filthy, sturdy, unkillable infants of the very poor.They shall inherit the earth.
Thomas E. Mann, It's Even Worse Than It Looks: How the American Constitutional System Collided With the Politics of Extremism|So there are countless reasons to remain on this Godforsaken planet that was long considered the only world, if for no other reason than to learn the end of our story: what the author of our lives has not yet taken the trouble to finish.
Julie Powell, Julie and Julia: 365 Days, 524 Recipes, 1 Tiny Apartment Kitchen: How One Girl Risked Her Marriage, Her Job, and Her Sanity to Master the Art of Living|Which just goes to show, I guess, that dinner parties are like everything else - not as fragile as we think they are.
J.M.Barrie|Dreams do come true, if only we wish hard enough. You can have anything in life if you will sacrifice everything else for it.
Mel Brooks|Every human being has hundreds of separate people living under his skin. The talent of a writer is his ability to give them their separate names, identities, personalities and have them relate to other characters living with him.
Gabriel García Márquez|The only consolation, even for someone like him who had been a good man in bed, was sexual peace: the slow, merciful extinction of his venereal appetite. At eighty-one years of age he had enough lucidity to realize that he was attached to this world by a few slender threads that could break painlessly with a simple change in position while he slept, and if he did all he could to keep those threads intact, it was because of his terror of not finding God in the darkness of death.
Stormie Omartian, Prayer Warrior: The Power of Praying Your Way to Victory|Jesus is the Commander of two armies. One is an army of angels in heaven and one is the army of prayer warriors on earth. As Commander of these armies, He shows us how to take back from the enemy all he has stolen that is rightfully ours. We do that in prayer as prayer warriors!
Dylan West|Love connects a man to his woman, money a woman to his man
Stephen Richards|When you begin to actively participate in the creation of your life, there is never an end, even in death, for physics tells us that nothing is ever created nor destroyed, merely transformed.
Charlie Huston, Sleepless|Pain cannot be ignored. However, it can be endured. When necessary, a great deal of pain can be endured. Just ask my mother.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|[Friendship] It was two people who remained together, day after day, bound not by sex or physical attraction or money or children or property, but only by the shared agreement to keep going, the mutual dedication to a union that could never be codified. Friendship was witnessing another's slow drip of miseries, and long bouts of boredom, and occasional triumphs. It was feeling honored by the privilege of getting to be present for another person's most dismal moments, and knowing that you could be dismal around him in return.
Cornelia Funke, Inkheart|I know the resolution. I know the end of the story before it ever begins. I must choose love. And for this, I will surely die.
Maureen Johnson, The Name of the Star|I looked at the stained-glass image of the lamb in the window above me, but that only reminded me that lambs are famous for being led to slaughter, or sometimes hanging out with lions in ill-advised relationships.
Haruki Murakami, Pinball, 1973|I didn’t have the vaguest idea of what to do – I couldn’t keep staring at the wall forever, I told myself. But even that admonition didn’t work. A faculty advisor reviewing a graduation thesis would have had the perfect comment: you write well, you argue clearly, but you don’t have anything to say.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|He himself was one of your noisy roisterers, for whom life holds no greater pleasures than wine and bought women. Outside these two poles of existence, he understood nothing. Braggart, brawler, contemptuous of every living person, he despised the whole world from the heights of his ignorance.
Teresa of Ávila, The Life of Saint Teresa of Ávila by Herself|It is of great importance, when we begin to practise prayer, not to let ourselves be frightened by our own thoughts.
Christopher  Ryan, Sex at Dawn: The Prehistoric Origins of Modern Sexuality|I’d been traveling in Asia long enough to know that monkeys there are nothing like their trombone-playing, tambourine-banging cousins I’d seen on TV as a kid. Free-living Asian primates possess a characteristic I found shocking and confusing the first time I saw it: self-respect. If you make the mistake of holding the gaze of a street monkey in India, Nepal, or Malaysia, you’ll find you’re facing a belligerently intelligent creature whose expression says, with a Robert DeNiro–like scowl, “What the hell are you looking at? You wanna piece of me?” Forget about putting one of these guys in a little red vest.
Cecelia Ahern|I don't know why, but there's always the part of you, the part that hides in the shadows protecting the self-destruct button, that doesn't ever want to leave the dark behind.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|As we plant in tears, we shall harvest with joy.
Dennis Prager, The Ten Commandments: Still the Best Moral Code|I am empty only in the sense that there is nothing fixed or intrinsically real at the core of my identity as a person.Recognition of such emptiness therefore liberates one to change and transform oneself. And this, it seems, is precisely what the Jungian theory of individuation describes, yet in a language that is affirmative rather than negative.
Beth Revis, A Million Suns|If you ever feel lazy or dull, take heart: you’re the busiest, brightest thing on the planet.
Kahlil Gibran, Sand and Foam|You often say ; I would give , but only to the deserving, The trees in your orchard say not so , nor the flocks in your pasture.Surely he who is worthy to receive his days and nights is worthy of all else from you.And he who has deserved to drink from the ocean of life deserves to fill his cup from your little stream. See first that you yourself deserve to be a giver , and an instrument of giving.For in truth it is life that gives unto life-while you , who deem yourself a giver , is but a witness.
L.A. Meyer|And if that is the Foremast, what do you think that sail might be called, Mr. Wheeler?""The Foresail?""Very good, Mr. Wheeler, and the next one up would be called..."..."The Next Sail, Sir?""Alas, no, Mr. Wheeler.
Michael Bassey Johnson|There should be a little gap between you and your friends, though you'll miss their companionship and you'll also miss their disrespect.
Pablo Neruda|I crave your mouth, your voice, your hair.Silent and starving, I prowl through the streets. Bread does not nourish me, dawn disrupts me, all day I hunt for the liquid measure of your steps. I hunger for your sleek laugh, your hands the color of a savage harvest, hunger for the pale stones of your fingernails, I want to eat your skin like a whole almond. I want to eat the sunbeam flaring in your lovely body, the sovereign nose of your arrogant face, I want to eat the fleeting shade of your lashes, and I pace around hungry, sniffing the twilight, hunting for you, for your hot heart, Like a puma in the barrens of Quitratue.
Victoria Vane, A Wild Night's Bride|Hang you, DeVere! She's a close friend, nothing more." He furrowed his brow once again. "Though I do fear of late that she entertains some...expectations.""You think the young widow may aspire to quite another surrogate role? They all do, ol' chap. Expectations and demands—titles, money, time, attention. The female half of the species are little better than vampires, sucking away one's very lifeblood.
Tom Clancy, Debt of Honor|For without a measure of arrogance, how can one attempt the impossible?
Art of War, The Art of War|If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles.
Kim Harrison, For a Few Demons More|Sure am glad I'm not royalty," I muttered. "I wouldn't want to have to bump uglies with someone I can't stand. On a regular basis. And no one else.""Ow!" I exclaimed, trying to yank my fingers from Trent but finding them caught. Then I colored, realizing what I'd said. "Oh… sorry," I stammered, meaning it. "That was insensitive."Trent's frown turned into a sly smirk. "Bump uglies?" he said, eyes on the table behind me. "You are a font of gutter slang, Rachel. We must do this again.
Xiaobo Liu|So let us recognise our shame and guilt; let us ache with self-reflection; let us eradicate the repetition of suffering and resist anger; let us learn to concretely tend to the suffering of an individual, of our common citizens, with equality; let us learn to live life with honour and dignity and a wealth of humanity.
Lucy Christopher, Stolen: A Letter to My Captor|I mean, that star over there is blinking at me madly now, but for how long? An hour or two, or for the next million years? And how long will we sit here like this? Just another moment, or the rest of our lives? You know which one I'd prefer...
Beatrix Campbell, Stolen Voices: The People And Politics Behind The Campaign To Discredit Childhood Testimony|I put fear into the eyes of a member of the Mafia. I’m doing well, she thought, now keep him scared.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|Tsze-kung wished to dispense with the sacrifice of a sheep for the New Moon ceremony. The Master said, "You love the sheep; I love the ceremony.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|Every day I give you my heart. At the end of the year, there are hundreds of hearts, which I will give to you. Heart to heart only for you, and even more hearts - in a heartless time.
Tracy Cooper-Posey|Some say we’re already damned,” Nathanial replied coolly, sitting back in his chair. “So you’re too late to send him to Hell.” -- BLOOD KNOT
Abhijit Naskar|If a person takes comfort in his or her faith upon divinity in times of distress, then who the hell am I to say, that the person is delusional.
A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh|And at the risk of sounding like Andy Rooney on Sixty Minutes, have you ever wondered why we say fiddle-faddle and not faddle- fiddle? Why is it ping-pong and pitter-patter rather than pong-ping and patter-pitter? Why dribs and drabs, rather than vice versa? Why can't a kitchen be span and spic? Whence riff-raff, mish-mash, flim-flam, chit-chat, tit for tat, knick-knack, zig-zag, sing-song, ding-dong, King Kong, criss-cross, shilly-shally, see-saw, hee-haw, flip-flop, hippity-hop, tick-tock, tic-tac-toe, eeny-meeny-miney-moe, bric-a-brac, clickety-clack, hickory-dickory-dock, kit and kaboodle, and bibbity-bobbity-boo? The answer is that the vowels for which the tongue is high and in the front always come before the vowels for which the tongue is low and in the back.
Katie Kacvinsky, Awaken|Groceries, you need to learn how to select your thoughts just the same way you select what clothes you're gonna wear every day. This is a power you can cultivate. If you want to control things in your life so bad, work on the mind. That's the only thing you should be trying to control. Drop everything else but that. Because if you can't learn to master your thinking, you're in deep trouble forever.
Robert C. Solomon, No Excuses: Existentialism and the Meaning of Life|[W]hat we also see in sex is a kind of submissiveness. But not a kind of submissiveness which is simply 'do what you like, I'm just here for you', but it...is, or can be, very manipulative. It is a way of getting the other person to exercise all his or her efforts towards pleasing you, and in that way controlling what they're thinking, and in particular what they're thinking of you.
Francisco Grant|Sure, it may be a little misleading, but who cares? What is truth anyway? Really, who cares about actuality? You and I, we are in the business of perception, of catching eyes, and shaping minds. We tell people what to think before they can decide what to think for themselves. People are vile animals, just like pigs. There is no such thing as ethics. Ha! There is nothing wrong with a Machiavellian trick. People don’t know what they want. That is why they need people like you to lead them. And they will follow you, like a dog following its master. It is quite simple really. The only thing is, you can’t allow them to make up their own mind. You’ve gotta make it up for them. And, like I said, they will follow you. We humans are programmed—maybe genetically, maybe by some predestination—to seek a leader and follow him with unquestioning devotion. It is easier than thinking for ourselves.
Charlotte Munro, Down by The Mausoleum|I stared down at my hands and saw the blood coat them, how warm and real something felt when it wasn’t just ink and stains. This was life and I was holding it in my hands. I drew my eyes back up and beneath the flickering streetlight and the throng of drunken cattle, I saw nothing else but the dead girl. Somebody out there had taken her life, her heart, and there I was with her warm, sticky blood. Feeling the most alive I’d felt in years.I had to find him. I just had to.
Amin Maalouf, Leo Africanus|let us thank God for having made us this gift of death, so that life is to have meaning; of night, that day is to have meaning; silence, that speech is to have meaning; illness, that health is to have meaning; war, that peace is to have meaning. Let us give thanks to Him for having given us weariness and pain, so that rest and joy are to have meaning. Let us give thanks to him, whose wisdom is infinite.
William E. Paden|Human cultures construct an enormous variety of environments through language, technology, and institutions. We are born in and die in these systems of symbols and imagination.
Stephen Burt|One chance, One life. Make it or screw it up, it's your choice. Don't wait to long or your time will be up.
Henry Hitchings|Speak English!" said the Eaglet. "I don't know the meaning of half those long words, and, what's more, I don't believe you do either!" And the Eaglet bend down its head to hide a smile: some of the other birds tittered audibly.
Douglas Self|Mmhh! I have several ideas, but I don't know where to start.’‘You mean to hear me shout your name?’‘Yes, that's one of the ideas I have in mind.
Lana Del Rey|My heart's in the Highlands, my heart is not here;My heart's in the Highlands a-chasing the deer;A-chasing the wild-deer, and following the roe,My heart's in the Highlands wherever I go.
Samuel R. Delany, Stars in My Pocket Like Grains of Sand|Desire isn’t appeased by its object, only irritated into something more than desire that can join with the stars to inform the chaotic heavens with sense.
Miranda July, No One Belongs Here More Than You|And it struck me that maybe True magazine had been wrong. Maybe there are no New Men. Maybe there are only the living and the dead, and all those who are living deserve each other and are equal to each other.
Elyse M. Fitzpatrick, Give Them Grace: Dazzling Your Kids with the Love of Jesus|Everything that isn't gospel is law. Let us say it again: Everything that isn't gospel is law. Every way we try to make our kids good that isn't rooted in the good news of the life, death, ressurection, and assension of Jesus Christ is damnable, crushing, despair-breeding, Pharisee-producing law. We won't get the results we want from the law. We'll get either shallow self-righteousness or blazing rebellion or both (frequently from the same kid on the same day!). We'll get moralistic kids who are cold and hypocritical and who look down on others (and could easily become Mormons), or you'll get teens who are rebellious and self-indulgent and who can't wait to get out of the house. We have to remember that in the life of our unregenerate children, the law is given for one reason only: to crush their self-confidence and drive them to Christ.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Beauty is a form of Genius--is higher, indeed, than Genius, as it needs no explanation. It is one of the great facts of the world, like sunlight, or springtime, or the reflection in the dark waters of that silver shell we call the moon. It cannot be questioned. It has divine right of sovereignty. It makes princes of those who have it.
Ivanka Trump|It's been a lot of fun getting to work with Tracy Middendorf, who plays my mom. As an actor, it's always fun to have different parents and to create different familial dynamics than you have in your real life.
Regina Griffin|Ish #1 "It's not your mama's macaroni and cheese if you used spaghetti noodles.
Virginia Madsen|Men, we don't need you in shining armor.We just need you a little bit brave, just a little bit brave.
Bernie Sanders|There's a snobbery at work in architecture. The subject is too often treated as a fine art, delicately wrapped in mumbo-jumbo. In reality, it's an all-embracing discipline taking in science, art, maths, engineering, climate, nature, politics, economics.
Philippa Gregory, The White Queen|When I touch you, I’m touching you because I want to make you happy. When I kiss you, I’m kissing you because you have the most incredible mouth I’ve ever seen and you know I can’t not kiss it. And when I make love to you—I’m doing exactly that. I’m making love to you because I’m in love with you... I’m touching you because I’m in love with you and for no other reason.
Blue Tent Carla R. Herrera|We know we are all tarnished, so we doubt everyone else too. It is sad situation, where we need a leader but cannot really trust anyone.
Christopher Hitchens, Christopher Hitchens and His Critics: Terror, Iraq, and the Left|Watching the towers fall in New York, with civilians incinerated on the planes and in the buildings, I felt something that I couldn’t analyze at first and didn't fully grasp (partly because I was far from my family in Washington, who had a very grueling day) until the day itself was nearly over. I am only slightly embarrassed to tell you that this was a feeling of exhilaration. Here we are then, I was thinking, in a war to the finish between everything I love and everything I hate. Fine. We will win and they will lose. A pity that we let them pick the time and place of the challenge, but we can and we will make up for that.
Sophocles, Oedipus at Colonus|…nostalgia is, by definition, the least authentic of all feelings.
Jeanette Coron|If any writer in this country has collected as fine and passionate a group of readers as I have, they’re fortunate and lucky beyond anyone’s imagination. It remains a shock to me that I’ve had a successful writing career. Not someone like me; Lord, there were too many forces working against me, too many dark currents pushing against me, but it somehow worked. Though I wish I’d written a lot more, been bolder with my talent, more forgiving of my weaknesses, I’ve managed to draw a magic audience into my circle. They come to my signings to tell me stories, their stories. The ones that have hurt them and made their nights long and their lives harder.
Jay Wickre|When your past shows up to haunt you, make sure it comes after supper so it doesn't ruin your whole day.
Jorge P. Guerrero|It is your life, accept the responsibility.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|I am no bird; and no net ensnares me; I am a free human being, with an independent will; which I now exert to leave you.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Wind, Sand and Stars|even so did you feel yourself swept away by that inward migration about which no one had ever said a word to you…A great wind swept through and delivered from the matrix the sleeping prince you sheltered- man within you. You are the equal of the musician composing his music, of the physicist extending the frontier of knowledge…you have reached an altitude where all loves are of the same stuff.
Neil Postman|In every remark he found a meaning, but not always the true meaning, and his life, though vivid, was largely a dream.
Italo Calvino, If on a Winter's Night a Traveler|Because in this way all I did was to accumulate past after past behind me, multiplying the pasts, and if one life was too dense and ramified and embroiled for me to bear it always with me, imagine so many lives, each with its own past and the pasts of the other lives that continue to become entangled one with the others.
Linda Hogan, People of the Whale|Remembering, in Spanish, means to pass something through the heart again, and now all the years are going through his heart again as he tries to turn away from the ocean. But he hears it and he knows it is out there. Some sleepless nights he goes out. But this night in his sleep he says, "Oh, look at all those beautiful life rafts.
Karen Blixen, Out of Africa|A visitor is a friend, he brings news, good or bad, which is bread to the hungry minds in lonely places. A real friend who comes to the house is a heavenly messenger, who brings the panis angelorum.
Richard Linklater|...When the bespangled Miss Charisse wraps her phenomenal legs around [Fred] Astaire, she can be forgiven everything—even the fact that she reads her lines as if she learned them phonetically.
Socrates|I love everything that's old, - old friends, old times, old manners, old books, old wine.
H.G. Wells|There is something I want to do. But it's something to work towards, not something that should be handed to me on a plate. What's the point of doing something if you know you've got someone to rescue you if you fail? I like to work hard at something and then to reap the rewards. I take pride in what I do. What's the point if I know my rich husband will bail me out if I mess up?
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|I am not the heroine of this story.And I'm not trying to be cute. It's the truth. I'm diagnosed borderline and seriously fucked-up. I hold grudges. I bottle my hate until it ferments into poison, and then I get high off the fumes. I'm completely dysfunctional and that's the way I like it, so don't expect a character arc where I finally find Redemption, Growth, and Change, or learn How to Forgive Myself and Others.
Rush Limbaugh|The teacher is the one who gets the most out of the lessons, and the true teacher is the learner.
Chris Mentillo|I Have Always Had A Facination With England, And Their History.
Amanda  Carlson, Ante Up|Diesel," she moaned, "you are so damn sexy."He paused, breaking the kiss, his eyes filled with wanting as he gazed down on her. Then his mouth went up at an angle. "No, that would be you, Sofia. You are unbelievable. I don't think I've ever seen anyone who hold a candle to you.
Lim Thean Soo, Ricky Star|It was past midnight. From the carpark of the apartment blocks, a human figure with an unsteady gait emerged.
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|Laches faded away, leaving Miriam standing facing Hyperion, the Metigen who had orchestrated the slaughter of over fifty million people a short year ago.There were limits to even deals with the devil, lines which should never be crossed…but she was beginning to wonder when she might find one.
Tatyana Tolstaya, Pushkin's Children: Writing on Russia and Russians|Now that you have been touched by death, you’re going to feel its presence all around you. You’re going to realize your own mortality, and that death can happen at any time to anyone. It’s going to scare you to your core. It did me.
Jury Nel|The Doctor: You betrayed me. You betrayed my trust, you betrayed our friendship, you betrayed everything I ever stood for. You let me down!Clara: Then why are you helping me?The Doctor: Why? Do you think I care for you so little that betraying me would make a difference?
Samuel Butler|Dogs feel very strongly that they should always go with you in the car, in case the need should arise for them to bark violently at nothing right in your ear.
Horace Walpole, The Castle of Otranto|I never really feel that I’m stuck. I actually think that people are never stuck, there’s no such thing as writers block, I think that theres terror that can silence you. But if you can think of it as a dynamic thing I mean a writers block, it’s a paralysis an immobility and the thing that has immobilized you is a very powerful force. Immobility is itself an act, it’s a choice. It can sometimes take as much energy to remain immobile as it does to be mobile. And if you think of it in a dynamic way then it’d freeze you from the sense that at some point your talent will simply abandon you and you’re just a vacant shell with nothing to say, I don’t think that ever really happens. But I think that terror, bad experience, trauma and so on can absolutely silence you.
Kimberly Giles, Choosing Clarity: The Path to Fearlessness|Life is not out to get you, even though it feels that way sometimes. You are totally safe every step of the way (at least you have the option of seeing life that way if you want to). Life is about learning to walk the tightrope, find your balance, and trust God, life and yourself in the process. And you can do this, because there is really nothing to fear. When you get this concept it is going to change everything.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Do not be a "go along, get along" person when it comes to the suffering of others. Integrity is not a popularity contest. Stand for love!
Ana Claudia Antunes, Pierrot & Columbine|If you want to heal a broken heart,Be smart! That's all an ancient art.Start by loving the very small partsThat were left there shattered apart.
Josephine Hart, Damage|When we mourn those who die young – those who have been robbed of time – we weep for lost joys. We weep for opportunities and pleasure we ourselves have never known. We feel sure that somehow that young body would have known the yearning delight for which we searched in vain all our lives. We believe that the untried soul, trapped in its young prison, might have flown free and known the joy that we still seek.
Bella Vespira|The epiphany in this thought is that we simply cannot and do not create in isolation. As I paint my blank canvas others leave their mark on my masterpiece. Many have added colors and textures I knew not existed, greatly improving my creation..and yet...and yet... There are those who have punctured the fine leather and scraped at the rainbows of my mind ... creating stormy patches where there were once colors beaming from the page.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|I am not shy about admitting my modest talents. For example, I am happy to admit that I am better than average at clever remarks, and I also have a flair for getting people to like me. But to be perfectly fair to myself, I am ever-ready to confess my shortcomings, too, and a quick round of soul-searching forced me to admit that I had never been any good at all at breathing water. As I hung there from the seat belt, dazed and watching the water pour in and swirl around my head, this began to seem like a very large character flaw.
Virginia Satir|Number one, cash is king... number two, communicate... number three, buy or bury the competition.
Gary Zukav|Time travel was once considered scientific heresy, and I used to avoid talking about it for fear of being labelled a 'crank.'
Melanie Joy, Why We Love Dogs, Eat Pigs, and Wear Cows: An Introduction to Carnism: The Belief System That Enables Us to Eat Some Animals and Not Others|The carnistic schema, which twists information so that nonsense seems to make perfect sense, also explains why we fail to see the absurdities of the system. Consider, for instance, advertising campaigns in which a pig dances joyfully over the fire pit where he or she is to be barbecued, or chickens wear aprons while beseeching the viewer to eat them. And consider the Veterinarian's Oath of the American Veterinary Medical Association, 'I solemnly swear to use my...skills for the...relief of animal suffering,' in light of the fact that the vast majority of veterinarians eat animals simply because they like the way meat tastes. Or think about how poeple won't replace their hamburgers with veggie burgers, even if the flavor is identical, because they claim that, if they try hard enough, they can detect a subtle difference in texture. Only when we deconstruct the carnistic schema can we see the absurdity of placing our preference for a flawless re-creation of a textural norm over the lives and deaths of billions of others.
Ron       Jacobs|I'm not trying to tell you," he said, "that only educated and scholarly men are able to contribute something valuable to the world. It's not so. But I do say that educated and scholarly men, if they're brilliant and creative to begin with — which, unfortunately, is rarely the case—tend to leave infinitely more valuable records behind them than men do who are merely brilliant and creative. They tend to express themselves more clearly, and they usually have a passion for following their thoughts through to the end. And — most important—nine times out of ten they have more humility than the unscholarly thinker.
Nazim Ambalath|We always get help we ask for. "Knock and the door will open" Make sure it's the right door.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Never adjust your goals, amplify your might.
Victor Hugo, Ninety-Three|I am fit to capture a unicorn, and I should not be so questioned.
|Imagine how much you could have saved if you didn't spend a lot of your money on those unnecessary things with the intention of getting attention or feeling "important" in the eyes of others.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Rainbows are birthed in storms, not in sunshine.
D.J. Jouett|i've loved you since the sun first rose," he read. "Ive loved you through God send Catastrophe and manmade Disaster. I've loved you though my heart stopped beating and my eyes ran dry, through time and in spite of it, for our love has its roots in eternity and cannot fall victim to time or death. My love has no shame, no pride. it is only what it is, always has been and always will be. It is Yours. all Yours. Only Yours Gregory went cold with fear-
Ritu Lalit, Wrong, for the right reasons|The truth is, the notion that gay marriage is harmful to marriage, is sort of mind-boggling, because these are people trying to get married. But it seems to me, if you want to defend marriage against something, defend it against divorce.
