Mark LaMoure|Success is like a camera. Focus and concentrate on the objective. See your most important goal image for success, and ignore distracting details. Develop your pictures. If they don't turn out, keep at it. Take more shots and be persistent. Focus on making success clearly happen. Visualize optimum success and use perseverance.
Paul Robeson|Israel is no longer a people that dwells alone, and has to join the global journey toward peace, reconciliation and international cooperation.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu|You create and plan your thought by seeing, reading and hearing the right things.
Ronald Kessler|I am a very independent person, and I, you know, I maintain that independence, but, you know, certain things - I mean, it takes, you know, it's just much easier for other people if other people can help you every now and again.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, The Basic Political Writings|Without law in some form, and, also, without butting up against that law, we cannot move forward easily or naturally. We have to have something hard and half-good to rebel against.
Thomas Hardy, The Mayor of Casterbridge|Her experience had been of a kind to teach her, rightly or wrongly, that the doubtful honor of a brief transit through a sorry world hardly called for effusiveness, even when the path was suddenly irradiated at some half-way point by daybeams rich as hers. But her strong sense that neither she nor any human being deserved less than was given, did not blind her to the fact that there were others receiving less who had deserved much more. And in being forced to class herself among the fortunate she did not cease to wonder at the persistence of the unforeseen, when the one to whom such unbroken tranquility had been accorded in the adult stage was she whose youth had seemed to teach that happiness was but the occasional episode in a general drama of pain.
Catherine Lockwood, The Girl Behind the Painted Smile: My battle with the bottle|You know she’s a liar if she says she’s never done it for ten bucks. We’ve all done it. Practically giving it away. But sometimes you can’t even give it away." - excerpt from: freefalling
Adam S. Miller|Faith and Doubt cannot reside in the same place; as soon as you have a glimmer of doubt, no matter how much you do, feel, vibrate, and affirm, you are showing the Universe that you do not really believe, you are just ‘trying’ out the concept.
Tina Carreiro, Power of the Moon|My love, you are playing with a fire that you do not fully understand.” His voice was deep and controlled. “There are times I may not be able to control myself. I am injured, and I need to feed – this would be one of those times.” ~Cole
H.L. Mencken, The Philosophy of Friedrich Nietzsche|Like Achilles, the hero who forgot his heel, or like Icarus who, flying close to the sun, forgot that his wings were made of wax, we should be wary when triumphant ideas seem unassailable, for then there is all the more reason to predict their downfall.
Paul Graham|Willem laughs again. The sound is clear and strong as a bell, and it fills me with joy, and it's like, for the first time in my life, I understand that this is the point of laughter, to spread happiness.
Mason Cooley|In terms of my involvement in 'don't ask, don't tell' and marriage equality and anti-bullying and social emotional learning in schools - these are all things that arise out of my relationship with the world and with my fans.
Anne Rice|I can't destroy things so beautiful.""Time will destroy them if you don't. Time destroys everything. But if you destroy them, it will mean something.
Valerie Martin, The Confessions of Edward Day|(M)uch as we might imagine we can leave the past behind, it has a nasty way of pressing its hoary old face against the window just as we were sitting down to the feast.
Red Cloud|The operations of the federal government will be most extensive and important in times of war and danger; those of the state governments, in times of peace and security.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God gave the Bible to us because He wants us to know Him and love Him and serve Him. Most of all, He gave it to us so we can become more like Christ.
Jorge Luis Borges, Dreamtigers|He thought that the rose was to be found in its own eternity and not in his words; and that we may mention or allude to a thing, but not express it.
Haruki Murakami, Underground: The Tokyo Gas Attack and the Japanese Psyche|In this world one must have a name; it prevents confusion, even when it does not establish identity. Some, though, are known by numbers, which also seem inadequate distinctions.
Dennis Prager|In the past 40 years, the United States lost more than a million farmers and ranchers. Many of our farmers are aging. Today, only nine percent of family farm income comes from farming, and more and more of our farmers are looking elsewhere for their primary source of income.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|I couldn't get Him out of my head. Still can't. I spent three solid days thinking about Him. The more He bothered me, the less I coul forget Him. And the more I learned about Him, the less I wanted to leave Him.
Zinedine Zidane|Likewise, there is no evidence that texting teaches people to spell badly: rather, research shows that those kids who text frequently are more likely to be the most literate and the best spellers, because you have to know how to manipulate language.
Matthew McConaughey|My dad is an English teacher, and my mom is a textiles artist. My parents made my sisters and me feel that if we wanted to pursue something creative, it could be done. They've always been supportive of everything from the beginning.
Peter Nivio Zarlenga|The very least you can do in your life is to figure out what you hope for. And the most you can do is live inside that hope. Not admire it from a distance but live right in it, under its roof.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|The scientist would look at a sphere, measure the surface in great detail, categorize the skin qualities and components, then predict evolving surface tensions and potentials. The use of that sphere, however, along with its beauty and potential would not be of interest. Science would count the bricks of a house, but not care about living in it, thus missing the point – but thinking that, by quantifying the physical, everything had been covered.
Jay Parini|Most of us remember Nat King Cole as a vocalist. His warm, grainy baritone is still so closely identified with such familiar ballads as 'Stardust' and 'The Christmas Song' that it's hard to imagine anyone else performing them.
Ken Wytsma, Pursuing Justice: The Call to Live and Die for Bigger Things|It is the grace of God that frees a soul from selfishness and empowers not just generosity, but sacrifice. And such sacrifice God will not overlook. In faith our giving to meet others’ needs becomes an occasion for more divine grace to flood our souls.
Domonique Bertolucci, The Happiness Code: Ten Keys to Being the Best You Can Be|Having a poverty mentalityleaves you focusing on all thethings you don’t have, when inreality you probably already haveeverything you need.
Vishwanath S J|Neurons are built to better remember the incompleted, the unfinished, the uninvited & the unwanted!
Kenny Marchant|After living out of a suitcase for years, it's a feeling of peace to wake up in the night and know where I am.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|A person may hold his own beliefs and creeds to be dearest, and nourish them with all his might, but the moment he starts preaching the exclusive greatness and dominance over all other systems of beliefs and creeds, the world begins to plunge into a death trap.
Franny Billingsley, Chime|This is what I want. I want people to take care of me. I want them to force comfort upon me. I want the soft-pillow feeling that I associate with memories of being ill when I was younger, soft pillows and fresh linens and satin-edged blankets and hot chocolate. It's not so much the comfort itself as knowing there's someone who wants to take care of you.
Bill Bryson, In a Sunburned Country|We talked for four hours. I don't remember most of it, but often a little moment in an unrelated conversation or alone on the street will trigger a memory of it that I didn't know I had. So I know it's all there somewhere.
Jim Gaffigan, Food: A Love Story|We don’t “crave” animal-based meat, dairy, and eggs, but we do crave fat, salt, flavor, texture, and familiarity.
Keira Cass|I couldn't believe it had taken me all these years to see this side of him. He tucked himself inside a shell, shutting himself away from others here because the palace had trapped him. Behind the books and the snippy remarks there was a curious, engaging, and sometimes very charming person.
Euripides, Medea|For in other ways a woman is full of fear, defenseless, dreads the sight of cold steel; but, when once she is wronged in the matter of love, no other soul can hold so many thoughts of blood.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If I can’t quite figure out what an ego is, all I have to do is look for the thing that’s killing itself in the very act of feeding itself.
Jake Vander-Ark, The Accidental Siren|Don't wait for the right answer and the golden path to present themselves.This is precisely why you're stuck. Starting without seeing the end is difficult, so we often wait until we see the end, scanning relentlessly for the right way, the best way and the perfect way.The way to get unstuck is to start down the wrong path, right now.Step by step, page by page, interaction by interaction. As you start moving, you can't help but improve, can't help but incrementally find yourself getting back toward your north star.You might not end up with perfect, but it's significantly more valuable than being stuck.Don't just start. Continue. Ship. Repeat.
Omar EL KADMIRI|Though when at home their countenances varied with the seasons, their market faces all the year round were glowing little fires.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We believe in the unseen God. So we dare the impossible, which is possible by God’s grace.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|And it occurred to me that the reason she makes it work, probably, is because she's so comfortable with herself. And you know, that's not such a bad notion, in the whole life-lesson business. Being comfortable with yourself. Because if you're not okay with who you are, why should anyone else be?
Cary Fukunaga|The contrasts between what is spent today to educate a child in the poorest New York City neighborhoods, where teacher salaries are often even lower than the city averages, and spending levels in the wealthiest suburban areas are daunting challenges to any hope New Yorkers might retain that even semblances of fairness still prevail.
Paul La Farge, The Night Ocean|I do not care for prejudice in any form. In my opinion, we women have been subjected to so much of it that I cannot see how anyone of my sex could fail to identify with those similarly oppressed.
Savannah Stuart, Claiming Her Warriors|I want to corrupt you, get dirty and rough with you because I know this sexy-as-hell body can take it.”--Ciaran Ross, Killer Curves
Mrs. Oliphant, Miss Marjoribanks|What a cruel irony it is, that we get to choose our thoughts but not our feelings.
Nanavira Thera|It is customary, in England at least, for Coroners' courts to give the verdict 'Suicide while the balance of his mind was disturbed'. This insult automatically puts the victim in the wrong and reassures Society that all is for the best in the best of all possible worlds. Have you ever noticed that Socialist governments have a particular horror of the individual's suicide? It is a direct criticism of their basic tenets.
Daniel Habil|Life is like a game if you fail try again until you master and accomplish, but remember if you accomplish it glorify God who created you and gives you strength.
Sean Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective Teens: The Ultimate Teenage Success Guide|Sometimes it doesn't matter too much what choice you make, as long as you make it quick and stick to it.
Cat Clarke, Entangled|It’s not that I mind being alone, not really. I can distract myself with silly fantasies and daydreams for hours, but in the end it always comes back to me. That’s what I’m left with: just me. And that’s what scares me more than anything. Me.
Vinita Kinra|Change we must; if a river can, so can we.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, Gatsby Girls|It’s so obvious that you’re gonna ask a good looking dude to be with you for the rest of your holiday while you only know his name for like 2 hours, 32 minutes, 12 seconds.”“Trisha! Being mean is my job! June, you’re so predictable, like, it’s not a shock for us if you’re gonna ask a good looking dude to be with you for the rest of your holiday while you only know his name for like 2 hours, 33 minutes, 2 seconds.
Dale Archer|I wasn't very good about juggling family and my career. I was interested in who was coming to the children's birthday party, what my son was writing. I was thinking about Legos.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|The only thing that makes life possible is permanent, intolerable uncertainty: not knowing what comes next.
Michelle Obama|I have been given a list of 35 white farmers in Mashonaland West alone. We say no to whites owning our land, and they should go... They can own companies and apartments... but not the soil. It is ours, and that message should ring loud and clear in Britain and the United States.
Margaret Lazarus Dean, Leaving Orbit: Notes from the Last Days of American Spaceflight|Histories of the Kennedy Space Center acknowledge without exaggeration that the obstacle posed by the mosquitoes was so serious that NASA quite literally could not have put a man on the moon by Kennedy's "before the decade is out" deadline without the invention of DDT. In this way, the challenges of spaceflight reveal themselves to be distinctly terrestrial.
Heisenberg|Standing in the middle between the idea of an event and the actual event, a strange kind of physical reality just in the middle between possibility and reality.
Dylan Taylor|I don't believe in angels, no. But I do have a wee parking angel. It's on my dashboard and you wind it up. The wings flap and it's supposed to give you a parking space. It's worked so far.
Sarah Rees Brennan, Untold|Every time he touched her, the touch felt new, like something they had just invented together.
Greg Behrendt, He's Just Not That Into You: The No-Excuses Truth to Understanding Guys|You picked a lemon, throw it away lemonade is overrated. Freaks should remain at the circus, not in your apartment. You already have one asshole. You don’t need another. Make a space in your life for the glorious things you deserve. Have faith.
Jean-Paul Sartre|It answers the question that was tormenting you: my love, you are not 'one thing in my life' - not even the most important - because my life no longer belongs to me because...you are always me.
Dana Arcuri, Reinventing You: Simple Steps to Transform Your Body, Mind, & Spirit|Being stuck serves a spiritual purpose. It's a bountiful harvest for transformation to occur. It tells us that a change is needed. More than any type of outward change, what's really being asked of us is an inner change. It could be a change of heart, change of priorities, a change of beliefs, or even a change of perspective.
Jeanette Winterson|I was at a party in 1989 and Ian McEwan, Martin Amis and Salman Rushdie were sitting on a sofa wondering where the next generation of great British writers would come from. As we talked, it became clear they had never read a word by me.
Oche Otorkpa, The Unseen Terrorist|So many interests compete for our young people, from drug baronsto sex traffickers who are constantly looking for ways to revive their ageing workforce
Stan Slap|When you’re not on your own agenda, you’re prey to the agenda of others.
Pat Conroy, A Lowcountry Heart: Reflections on a Writing Life|The teachers of my life saved my life and sent me out prepared for whatever life I was meant to lead. Like everyone else, I had some bad ones and mediocre ones, but I never had one that I thought was holding me back because of idleness or thoughtlessness. They spent their lives with the likes of me and I felt safe during the time they spent with me. The best of them made me want to be just like them. I wanted young kids to look at me the way I looked at the teachers who loved me. Loving them was not difficult for a boy like me. They lit a path for me, and one that I followed with joy.
D.B.C. Pierre|There isn’t a name for my situation. Firstly because I decided to kill myself. And then because of this idea:I don’t have to do it immediately.Whoosh, through a little door. It’s a limbo.I need never answer the phone again or pay a bill. My credit score no longer matters. Fears and compulsions don’t matter. Socks don’t matter. Because I’ll be dead. And who am I to die? A microwave chef. A writer of pamphlets. A product of our time. A failed student. A faulty man. A bad poet. An activist in two minds. A drinker of chocolate milk, and when there’s no chocolate, of strawberry and sometimes banana.
|One of the best things that you could ever do for your life, is to follow your passion, turn it into a dream, and introduce it to the light of reality.
Agatha Christie|Such nice people, the Hillingdons, though she's not really very easy to know, is she? I mean, she's always very pleasant and all that, but one never seems to get to know her better.'Miss Marple agreed thoughtfully. 'One never knows what she is thinking.''Perhaps that is just as well.''I beg your pardon?''Oh nothing really, only that I've always had the feeling that perhaps her thoughts might be rather disconcerting.
Gil Scott-Heron|Life is the most exciting opportunity we have. But we have one shot. You graduate from college once, and that's it. You're going out of that nest. And you have to find that courage that's deep, deep, deep in there. Every step of the way.
Kate Milford, Shadowhunters and Downworlders: A Mortal Instruments Reader|I can hear birds singing but they don't sound at all like the birds I knew. These are mocking and possessed. I imagine they have deformed bodies with glowing eyes, leading the wagon to my own personal damnation. All my wishes and all my draining prayers haven't brought me home. They are bringing me to the one place I sought to be and the one place I wanted to far from.
Mark Twain, Pudd'nhead Wilson|I'll not go where there is any of that sort of thing going on, again. It's the sure way, and the only sure way;
Charles de Lint, Into the Green|The others cast themselves down upon the fragrant grass, but Frodo stood awhile still lost in wonder. It seemed to him that he had stepped through a high window that looked on a vanished world. A light was upon it for which his language had no name. All that he saw was shapely, but the shapes seemed at once clear cut, as if they had been first conceived and drawn at the uncovering of his eyes, and ancient as if they had endured for ever. He saw no colour but those he knew, gold and white and blue and green, but they were fresh and poignant, as if he had at that moment first perceived them and made for them names new and wonderful. In winter here no heart could mourn for summer or for spring. No blemish or sickness or deformity could be seen in anything that grew upon the earth. On the land of Lórien, there was no stain.
Mensah Oteh|Define success by your terms, not by other people’s standards.
Donald Mazzella|He who whets his steel, whets his courage.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|There are no such enemies So dire as good people, They will rob you, mournfully, And condemn you, weeping, They'll invite you to their home, Welcome you profusely, Ask you all about yourself, To mock and abuse you, Later, mock at you and jeer, To grab you for sure... Without enemies on earth Somehow one can endure.But those good people yet will Everywhere beset you, Even in the other world They will not forget you.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If you have clutter in your real life, your tangible life, then it really adds to the emotional clutter in your mind.
Algernon Blackwood, The Willows|No one can help but stare at the monster, because horror is a cousin to awe.
Sarah Rayner, One Moment, One Morning|VIEW FROM A HILLI am not yet quite over it.I am lying down on top of it.Surveying behind me a wastelandOf dried-up promise.While the lights below twinkleWith dull mocking uncertainty.There isn't much left to look forward to,And the looking forward of the past has been belied.
Tim Crawshaw, So, You Want to Be Rich... But Jesus Doesn't.|Because of the value placed on individual materialistic success in our society, we are surrounded by people primarily interested in getting something from others. Their attitudes are characterised by selfishness and a lack of empathy for others.
Joe Abercrombie, The Heroes|Wrapping his arms around her waist, he kissed her cheek. She inhaled his masculine scent, he smelled of engine grease, citrus hand cleaner and man. She turned in his arms and laid her cheek over his beating heart, treasuring the haven of his embrace...
Toba Beta|Immortality can be soon achieved by using technology.The real issue is, "are humans compatible with eternity?
Paul Russell, Immaculate Blue|And Chris remembers: what they used to talk about was desire. Impossible, longing dreams. Delirious, aching confusion. That was the vital element they lived off … because it was the one thing that mattered. Not things, or achievements, or politics, or fracking or anything else: just sweet naked blameless unending desire.
Angie|Not until your dreams begin like a dream,it may not have the potentials to become life.
Michael David Lukas, The Oracle of Stamboul|God impressed me with this a long time ago: 'Roddy, I will never do anything through you until I have done it to you!'."~R. Alan Woods [1998]
Rossana Condoleo, Happy Divorce: How to turn your divorce into the most brilliant and rewarding opportunity of your life!|I like marriage, family life and I wish to get married again. But opting out of an unhappy marriage was a duty toward myself & my future.
Oscar Niemeyer|Modern Architecture died in St. Louis, Missouri, on July 15, 1972, at 3.32 p.m. (or thereabouts), when the infamous Pruitt Igoe scheme, or rather several of its slab blocks, were given the final coup de grace by dynamite.
Mia P|Once you’re on the pleasure express, it’s hard to get off and switch to another, slower service.
Armin Zoggeler|At FDA, our mission is to promote and protect the health of the public. As commissioner, I've worked hard to galvanize people around that idea. I want employees to be thinking about the unique and essential contribution they are making to our mission.
Ginnifer Goodwin|My family isn't really all that different from anyone else's. Well, maybe they're a bit more entertaining.
Karen Armstrong, Muhammad: A Prophet for Our Time|In each of the early surahs, God spoke intimately to the individual, often preferring to pose many of his teachings in the form of a question - 'Have you not heard?' 'Do you consider?' 'Have you not seen?'. Each listener was thus invited to interrogate him or herself. Any response to these queries was usually grammatically ambiguous or indefinite, leaving the audience with an image on which to meditate but with no decisive answer. This new religion was not about achieving metaphysical certainty; the Quran wanted people to develop a different kind of awarness.
Sunday Adelaja|Most people under the influence of the wrong and common belief which says that the sense of man’s life is to grow a tree, build a house and bring up a son
Joe Hill|We have to talk more. I need you to know what we need to talk about. In fact, don’t decide what is and isn’t important to share with me, it all is—from the mundane to the shocking. If something upsets you? Tell me. Make me a part of your life in such a deep way that I don’t feel separate from it. I don’t ever want to feel like you’re keeping things from me again, even if it’s unintentional.
Rick Riordan|I tell aspiring writers that you have to find what you MUST write. When you find it, you will know, because the subject matter won’t let you go. It’s not enough to write simply because you think it would be neat to be published. You have to be compelled to write. If you’re not, nothing else that you do matters.
Sunday Adelaja|If we know who we are and have gone through a process of self-identification in accordance with the creator’s plan, we will no longer undervalue ourselves or be afraid
Katharine Hepburn|Everybody knows how to raise children, except the people who have them.
George Gordon Byron|Death, so called, is a thing which makes men weep, And yet a third of life is passed in sleep.
Christina Engela|Leaders are builders. They build bridges to unite, not walls to divide.
Thomas Hager, The Demon Under the Microscope: From Battlefield Hospitals to Nazi Labs, One Doctor's Heroic Search for the World's First Miracle Drug|If ever there was a plant that speaks to its connection to your heart, it is sweet blue violet. Not only does violet help your body dissolve cysts, lumps, and bumps, this plant’s soothing nature can help you dissolve the red-hot burn of anger, cool the draining white heat of frustration and resentment, and relieve the simmering roil of feeling stuck in separation when ruled by your judgmental mind.
Debasish Mridha|Distance is an outer phenomenon. In the inner world, everything is connected with love.
Nalini Singh, Shield of Winter|We all have to live with our past, but it doesn’t have to define us.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Every day you should also be checking job boards to track positions as they open up. In addition to the job boards on company websites, use public job boards such as Monster, Indeed, LinkedIn, and any specialty sites. There’s also your alumni website, etc.
Nicky Charles, The Mating|No, I mean earlier. Where’d you go? You weren't here with me because no, nothing happened. I could see on your face that something was wrong, so I didn't do it. But now you need to think long and hard about where you were inside that head of yours, because you were panicked. You were hysterical and I need to know what it was that took you there so I can make sure you never go back.
Tushar Saxena|The mind is part of the body, not separate, and we must take care of our bodies and listen to them. Develop your mind and body, make goals and reach them. But have “no mind” when experiencing and learning. You will be more open to what is happening rather than fitting everything into stereotypes and preconceptions.
Denzel Washington, A Hand to Guide Me|So you never know who you touch. You never know how or when you'll have an impact, or how important your example can be to someone else" (20).
Norm MacDonald|You know you have a gambling problem when it's 4 A.M. at the Mirage Sports Book and you're walking around going, 'Hey you get the lacrosse scores?'
Wendy Owens, Sacred Bloodlines|There are a lot of myths which make the human race cruel and barbarous and unkind. Good and Evil, Sin and Crime, Free Will and the like delusions made to excuse God for damning men and to excuse men for crucifying each other.
Charles Dickens, The Chimes|Then must you speakOf one that loved not wisely but too well,Of one not easily jealous but, being wrought,Perplexed in the extreme; of one whose hand,Like the base Indian, threw a pearl awayRicher than all his tribe; of one whose subdued eyes,Albeit unused to the melting mood,Drop tears as fast as the Arabian treesTheir medicinable gum. Set you down this,And say besides that in Aleppo once,Where a malignant and a turbaned TurkBeat a Venetian and traduced the state,I took by th' throat the circumcised dogAnd smote him thus.
James Hilton, Random Harvest|People disappear when they die. Their voice
Haruki Murakami, Hard-Boiled Wonderland and the End of the World|Open your eyes, train your ears, use your head. If a mind you have, then use it while you can.
Yoshida Kenkō, Essays in Idleness - The Tsurezuregusa of Kenko|Are we to look at cherry blossoms only in full bloom, the moon only when it is cloudless? To long for the moon while looking on the rain, to lower the blinds and be unaware of the passing of the spring - these are even more deeply moving. Branches about to blossom or gardens strewn with flowers are worthier of our admiration.
Mahatma Gandhi|Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
Ajee Krishnan|Seeds eat no mudStem eats no seed,Leaf eats no stem,Flower consumes no leafNor fruit eats flower,The fruit, quit the tree with happinessWithout harming it.But the intelligent human-being, eats up all; still unhappy , hungry and ...
Jenny B. Jones, There You'll Find Me|People everywhere, enjoying life, smiling, and just slowing down to let the world take care of itself for a few hours. The feeling was contagious. Especially when I stepped into McPherson's Pub to grab a bite of the special and listen to some traditional Irish music. The fiddle made me want to dance with myself, and many did. The drum beat like my very own heart. And some little flute that looked no wider than a pencil reminded me of the Aran Islands floating not too far from Abbeyglen.God was here tonight. In the strings of the guitar and the call of the singer's voice. I realize how often I overlook him back at home. And I know I don't want to do that anymore.The LORD will send His faithful love by day; His song will be with me in the night a prayer to the Gid of my life.
Friedrich Hecker|The radicals assumed that acting was more important than speaking. Talking and writing books, Winstanley insisted, is 'all nothing and must die; for action is the life of all, and if thou dost not act, thou dost nothing.' It is a thought worth pondering by those who read books about the seventeenth-century radicals, no less than by those who write them. Were you doers or talkers only? Bunyan asked his generation. What canst thou say?
Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, On the Arts: Selections from G.W.F. Hegel's Aesthetics or the Philosophy of Fine Art|If we are in a general way permitted to regard human activity in the realm of the beautiful as a liberation of the soul, as a release from constraint and restriction, in short to consider that art does actually alleviate the most overpowering and tragic catastrophes by means of the creations it offers to our contemplation and enjoyment, it is the art of music which conducts us to the final summit of that ascent to freedom.
James Emlund|A voice is a product of the writer’s own Pandora Box of insight, insecurities, bravado, modesty, humility, affection, understanding, and confidence. In short, a voice reflects the writers’ sangfroid. The tenor of the writer’s voice also reflects their insecurities, self-doubt, egotism, testiness, and the ability to identify with their mental and physical infirmities. The inflection that distinguishes a writer’s pitch from other wordsmiths’ tone reflects their collective lifetime of mundane, tranquil, disturbing, and passionate experiences.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|You need to learn how to select your thoughts just the same way you select your clothes every day. This is a power you can cultivate. If you want to control things in your life so bad, work on the mind. That's the only thing you should be trying to control.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|I am far from a perfect dad. And I always will be. But I’m a damn good dad, and my son will always feel bigger than anything life can throw at him. Why? Because I get it. I get the power a dad has in a child’s life, and in a child’s level of self-belief. I get that everything I ever do and ever say to my son will be absorbed, for good or for bad.
Jon Skovron, Man Made Boy|The humans create life, and senselessly cause death. For nothing.
Oscar Wilde, The Fisherman and His Soul|Bronze-limbed and well-knit, like a statue wrought by a Grecian, he stood on the sand with his back to the moon, and out of the foam came white arms that beckoned to him, and out of the waves rose dim forms that did him homage. Before him lay his shadow, which was the body of his Soul, and behind him hung the moon in the honey-coloured air.
Whipplesnaith|Alas! Charles made the promise glibly, and forgot all about it.
Debasish Mridha|For a peaceful life: think about peace, talk about peace, give away peace, and fill the world with peace.
Tammara Webber, Easy|We were encouraged to propose safetyprevention suggestions, and write them all down— locking doors, walking or exercising with a friend, wearing shoes that don’t hinder running. Erin’s suggestion of “Avoid assholes” was popular.
Steve Gleason|All adventures, especially into new territory, are scary.
Lisa Kessler, Ice Moon|I'd kiss you if I could," I whispered.	Jared's breath caressed my skin. "I have other shirts."	I smiled and kissed him.
Saul Bellow, Henderson the Rain King|Society is what beats me. Alone I can be pretty good, but let me go among people and there’s the devil to pay.
Grace Fiorre, The Nothing Spirit: Nothing is Everything|Don't feel sad. The only certain thing in life... is death itself. She's free from her body and her soul is ready to take on another new life, so she can continue on until she becomes light, just like the stars.
Sunday Adelaja|If there is anything the devil will want to keep you from having, it is knowledge.
Ransom Riggs, Library of Souls|The weak fall, but the strong shall rise up as a phoenix else we will be no more than a pile of ash.
Rachel  Harris, You're Still the One|Little Bit.	The loathsome nickname proved just how hopeless her situation had been, how pathetic, but neither the name nor the glaring age difference had deterred her heart, because with one playful wink and one slow smile, young Arabella had been a goner.	Sadly, twenty-two-year-old Ella wasn't that much better.
Kate McGahan|Love lives in the humblest of places. It doesn't matter how big your house is, how nice your car is, how big your bank vault is...it only matters how much your heart can hold.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|So thankful, so grateful.
Marcus Brigstocke|Whoever controls the media, the images, controls the culture.
Tucker Elliot, The Rainy Season|The Delta agent saw my itinerary and said, 'You’re flying to Jakarta via Atlanta, Frankfurt, Amsterdam, Bangkok and Kuala Lumpur? You must have really pissed off your travel agent.
H.G. Wells, The War of the Worlds|Regarding the creative: never assume you're the master, only the student. Your audience will determine if you're masterful.
Victor E. Frankl|The greatest task for any person is to find meaning in his or her life. Frankl saw three possible sources for meaning: in work (doing something significant), in love (caring for another person), and in courage during difficult times. Suffering in and of itself is meaningless; we give our suffering meaning by the way in which we respond to it.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|It is usually unbearably painful to read a book by an author who knows way less than you do, unless the book is a novel.
J.M. Barrie|It is the custom of every good mother after her children are asleep to rummage in their minds and put things straight for next morning, repacking into their proper places the many articles that have wandered during the day. If you could keep awake (but of course you can’t) you would see your own mother doing this, and you would find it very interesting to watch her. It is quite like tidying up drawers. You would see her on her knees, I expect, lingering humorously over some of your contents, wondering where on earth you had picked this thing up, making discoveries sweet and not so sweet, pressing this to her cheek as if it were as nice as a kitten, and hurriedly stowing that out of sight. When you wake in the morning, the naughtinesses and evil passions with which you went to bed have been folded up small and placed at the bottom of your mind; and on the top, beautifully aired, are spread out prettier thoughts, ready for you to put on.
Stephen Richards, Insanity: My Mad Life|Sometimes I stare into a pool of piss, I see my reflection, I picture a hole in my face, there’s nothing there, it’s vanished. I watch the maggots turn to flies, and they fly off with bits of flesh from my body. I attempt to wipe it clear from my mind, but the nice thoughts get swallowed up. I can’t think nice for too long…it would destroy me.
Henry Adams, Democracy: An American Novel|This lack of accurate, trustworthy information about the true cost of any given policy, product, service, or behavior is paralyzing all action.
Dada Bhagwan|The entire path of the Vitraag Lords (the enlightened one) is one of humility (vinaya). The practice of humility (vinaya dharma) begins from Hindustan (India). There are endless practices of humility, starting from putting two hands together (in the gesture of Namaste) to prostrating. And ultimately when one attains absolute humility (param vinaya), he attains moksha (ultimate liberation).
John Sununu|For infrastructure technology, C will be hard to displace.
Unarine Ramaru|With every step you take ask yourself, what do I really want?
Howard Tayler|Maxim 8: Mockery and derision have their place. Usually, it's on the far side of the airlock.-The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries
Gustave Le Bon, The Crowd: A Study of the Popular Mind|Crowds exhibit a docile respect for force, And are but slightly impressed by kindness, Which for them is scarcely other than a form of weakness. Their sympathies have never been bestowed upon easy going masters, but the tyrants who vigorously oppressed them. It is to these latter that they always erect the loftiest statues. It is true that they willingly trample on the despot whom they have stripped of his power, but it is because having lost his power he resumes his place among the feeble who are to be despised because they are not to be feared. The type of hero dear to a crowd will always have the semblance of a Caesar, His insignia attract them, His authority overawes them, and his sword instils them with fear.
Steven Pinker|Shake any institution of higher learning, and a dozen boycotters will fall out of it.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|I had killed a man, for money and a woman. I didn't have the money and I didn't have the woman.
Mariah Carey|I built my church on Easter services, Christmas Eve services, and Norman Vincent Peale.
Herve Villechaize|Gaming has been a great way to get to know people. That's part of what I love about games, that they are social.
Harold Bloom, The Best Poems of the English Language: From Chaucer Through Frost|We never earned righteous to last long, why are we trying to earn it among same kind.
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|Человек, который никуда не спешит, никуда не попадает.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|The question was whether an ape which was being used to develop a poliomyelitis serum, and for this reason punctured again and again, would ever be able to grasp the meaning of its suffering. Unanimously, the group replied that of course it would not; with its limited intelligence, it could not enter into the world of man, i.e., the only world in which the meaning of its suffering would be understandable. Then I pushed forward with the following question: ‘And what about man? Are you sure that the the human world is a terminal point in the evolution of the cosmos? Is it not conceivable that there is still another dimension, a world beyond man’s world; a world in which the question of an ultimate meaning of human suffering would find an answer?
John Connolly, The Wolf in Winter|She'd first seen Covent Garden after a heavy snow, walking with her hand in Win's, and she remembers the secret silence of London then, the amazing hush of it, slush crunching beneath her feet and the sound made by trapezoidal sections of melting snow falling from wires overhead. Win had told her that she was seeing London as it had looked long ago, the cars mostly put away and the modern bits shrouded in white, allowing the outlines of something older to emerge. And what she had seen, that childhood day, was that it was not a place that consisted of buildings, side by side, as she thought of cities in America, but a literal and continuous maze, a single living structure (because still it grew) of brick and stone.
David Bentley Hart, Atheist Delusions: The Christian Revolution and Its Fashionable Enemies|Christians, indeed, have a special obligation not to forget how great and how inextinguishable the human proclivity for violence is, or how many victims it has claimed, for they worship a God who does not merely take the part of those victims, but who was himself one of them, murdered by the combined authority and moral prudence of the political, religious, and legal powers of human society.
Thomas Hardy, Jude the Obscure|At first I did not love you, Jude; that I own. When I first knew you I merely wanted you to love me. I did not exactly flirt with you; but that inborn craving which undermines some women's morals almost more than unbridled passion--the craving to attract and captivate, regardless of the injury it may do the man--was in me; and when I found I had caught you, I was frightened. And then--I don't know how it was-- I couldn't bear to let you go--possibly to Arabella again--and so I got to love you, Jude. But you see, however fondly it ended, it began in the selfish and cruel wish to make your heart ache for me without letting mine ache for you.
Shawn Lukas|In many times, after creating a piece of work I want to stand up and applaud.
Jane Austen, Emma|He was a regulator first-class, which was another term for metalworker unskilled.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Knowing Jesus Christ is one thing! Jesus Christ, knowing you is also another thing! Be identified by Jesus Christ as His own, then you know you know Him, and He also knows you! When you know him and He knows you, you know!
Sarah Caudwell, Thus Was Adonis Murdered|On my first day in London I made an early start. Reaching the Public Record Office not much after ten, I soon secured the papers I needed for my research and settled in my place. I became, as is the way of the scholar, so deeply absorbed as to lose all consciousness of my surroundings or of the passage of time. When at last I came to myself, it was almost eleven and I was quite exhausted: I knew I could not prudently continue without refreshment.
Natasha Duncan-Drake, Forbidden Soul|They were learning that New York had another life, too — subterranean, like almost everything that was human in the city — a life of writers meeting in restaurants at lunchtime or in coffee houses after business hours to talk of work just started or magazines unpublished, and even to lay modest plans for the future. Modestly they were beginning to write poems worth the trouble of reading to their friends over coffee cups. Modestly they were rebelling once more.
Kristin Hannah, Distant Shores|Don't talk. Kill it."That might be the sweetest thing a woman's ever said to me on a first date.
Alan Jacobs, A Visit to Vanity Fair: Moral Essays on the Present Age|Hooray for differences! Without them, there would be no harmony. In principles, great clarity. In practices, great charity.
Kim Stanley Robinson, Blue Mars|Economics was like psychology, a pseudoscience trying to hide that fact with intense theoretical hyperelaboration. And gross domestic product was one of those unfortunate measurement concepts, like inches or the British thermal unit, that ought to have been retired long before.
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|You can make fun of yourself and people will laugh at you. If you’re smart, you’ll end up as a comedian. If you’re not, you’ll end up as a clown.
Hannah Arendt|The greater the bureaucratization of public life, the greater will be the attraction of violence. In a fully developed bureaucracy there is nobody left with whom one could argue, to whom one could present grievances, on whom the pressures of power could be exerted. Bureaucracy is the form of government in which everybody is deprived of political freedom, of the power to act; for the rule by Nobody is not no-rule, and where all are equally powerless we have a tyranny without a tyrant.
Kaitlin Hollon|Always ask the questions you want to, life is too short to know if you'll get a second chance to ask , and afterlife is probably too long to wonder what the answer may be.
Alexander Pope, Essay on Man and Other Poems|What Reason weaves, by Passion is undone.
Pablo|Always Remember to take your Vitamins: Take your Vitamin A for ACTION, Vitamin B for Belief, Vitamin C for Confidence ,Vitamin D for Discipline, Vitamin E for Enthusiasm!!
Lauren Kate|Arianne had her feet up on the table, wearing a striped conductor's cap.Arriane was fixated on the game. A chocolate cigar bobbed between her lips as she contemplated her next move. Roland was giving Arianne the hawk eye."Checkmate, bitch," Arianne said triumphantly, knocking over Roland's king.
Earl Nightingale|Life really is a most whimsical thing. While we consistently try and chart its route, it goes ahead and takes its own turn. Just follow the paths it lays out before you. And you may find, at some sudden turn, a miracle waiting just for you.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, Mirror|Resolute, responsible, determined, knowledgeable, and perceptive
Ray Bradbury|From this outer edge of his life, looking back, there was only one remorse, and that was only that he wished to go on living. Did all dying people feel this way, as if they had never lived? Did life seem that short, indeed, over and done before you took a breath? Did it seem this abrupt and impossible to everyone, or only to himself, here, now, with a few hours left to him for thought and deliberation?
Angie Stone|It's ironic, really. Guys should be excited that I got Kristen Bell. If Brad Pitt gets Kristen Bell, it's like, 'Well, of course he did.' With me, it should be, 'Oh good, a normal-looking guy got her. Maybe I'll get me a Kristen Bell.' But guys hate my guts for always dating women I have no right to be with.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sign and Its Children|When he is most powerful, nothing does he become.
P.G. Wodehouse, Very Good, Jeeves!|One of the first lessons life teaches us is that on these occasions of back-chat between the delicately-natured, a man should retire into the offing, curl up in a ball, and imitate the prudent tactics of the opossum, which, when danger is in the air, pretends to be dead, frequently going to the length of hanging out crêpe and instructing its friends to gather round and say what a pity it all is.
Lisa Carlisle, Darkness Rising|What treasures he would give for one night with her. To watch her strip off one of her vintage dresses, revealing her satin skin inch by inch just for him.
Dew Platt, Failure&solitude|During the crash and burn, I began to burn from cranial crown to flat sole, for meaning and understanding. Every concept, psychological perceptions with hardened pathways, everything that registered as inherited from the communal was starting to dissolve into meaninglessness. The foundational tenets, the pre-established belief systems, instilled sustenance systems tended by both family and extended communal began to dissolve, first as trivial, and then as untenable to my being without validation from me. If my life was worth anything, I choose to live the best life for me. So I entered what I call The Blank State.
Marie Lu, The Young Elites|You have goodness in your heart, but your darkness overwhelms it all; your desire to hurt, destroy, and avenge is more powerful than your desire to love, help, and light the way.
Michael Michalko|Creativity is paradoxical. To create, a person must have knowledge but forget the knowledge, must see unexpected connections in things but not have a mental disorder, must work hard but spend time doing nothing as information incubates, must create many ideas yet most of them are useless, must look at the same thing as everyone else, yet see something different, must desire success but embrace failure, must be persistent but not stubborn, and must listen to experts but know how to disregard 
Liz Thebart, Walk Away|There is no in between, we all have to touch our own bottom.
Kenny Rogers|I come from the New York theatre world, and I have a lot of gay male friends, so this friendship of Will and Grace's isn't such a stretch.
Reba Linker, Follow the Yarn: The Knitting Wit & Wisdom of Ann Sokolowski|If we do not feel grateful for what we already have, what makes us think we would be happy with more?
Lauren Blakely, 21 Stolen Kisses|It was the only lie she ever told. She did not do it to protect Francisco; she did it because she felt, for some reason which she could not define, that the incident was a secret too precious to share.
Andre Agassi, Open|Self belief, Wise choice and Karma are the three main ingredients of Winners.
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|so if you love him, why keep him waiting for 13 years?""Because I was afraid. Afraid of not being worthy, afraid of not knowing how to love him, afraid of waking up one day and not loving him anymore.
Daniel Tayler|Do you see? The story I have to tell is so small, of the people who stayed when everyone else fled.
E.L. James, Fifty Shades Freed|It was easier when all we wanted to do was eat them and take their stuff,” he grumbled.And it had been easier when he hadn’t cared if he made any of them cry.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Perhaps it is weariness that causes seers not to act on what they see; for whereas the wisdom of the world can be vast, it includes the many futilities. Ideas do not have legs with which to run and hands with which to craft. They are wisps of smoke floating into a universe of pain and ignorance that overwhelm the capacity of one small human body and the mind trapped inside it.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Timequake|He said, "Yeah, well, artists are a lot like gangsters. They both know that the official version, the one everyone else believes, is a lie.
David Millar, Racing Through the Dark|One group of riders doped, the others alongside them racing clean. You can work out for yourselves which group was fastest.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Admirable, however, as the Paris of the present day appears to you, build up and put together again in imagination the Paris of the fifteenth century; look at the light through that surprising host of steeples, towers, and belfries; pour forth amid the immense city, break against the points of its islands, compress within the arches of the bridges, the current of the Seine, with its large patches of green and yellow, more changeable than a serpent's skin; define clearly the Gothic profile of this old Paris upon an horizon of azure, make its contour float in a wintry fog which clings to its innumerable chimneys; drown it in deep night, and observe the extraordinary play of darkness and light in this sombre labyrinth of buildings; throw into it a ray of moonlight, which shall show its faint outline and cause the huge heads of the towers to stand forth from amid the mist; or revert to that dark picture, touch up with shade the thousand acute angles of the spires and gables, and make them stand out, more jagged than a shark's jaw, upon the copper-coloured sky of evening. Now compare the two.
David Christian|Nothing escapes God's knowledge. This is proved by the witness of the Scriptures and the analogy of the sun, which, although created, yet by its light or heat enters into all things.
Vladimir Nabokov, Transparent Things|Hopes were high. But just like a balloon pushed past its breaking point, hope is fragile. One lungful of air too many and the balloon bursts leaving ugly, shriveled fragments behind, impossible to piece back together.
David J. Schwartz, The Magic of Thinking Big|Believe it can be done. When you believe something can be done, really believe, your mind will find the ways to do it. Believing a solution paves the way to solution.
Frank Sonnenberg, BookSmart: Hundreds of real-world lessons for success and happiness|Character is mental and moral qualities distinctive to every individual, but it is constant in those who have courage to make a commitment and live with it.
Ginger Scott, The Hard Count|It is unlikely that we will hit a home run anytime soon but if we are unable to get rid of offensive sports team nicknames, we will strike out.
Jerry A. Coyne|Which do you think is more valuable to humanity?a. Finding ways to tell humans that they have free will despite the incontrovertible fact that their actions are completely dictated by the laws of physics as instantiated in our bodies, brains and environments? That is, engaging in the honored philosophical practice of showing that our notion of "free will" can be compatible with determinism?orb. Telling people, based on our scientific knowledge of physics, neurology, and behavior, that our actions are predetermined rather than dictated by some ghost in our brains, and then sussing out the consequences of that conclusion and applying them to society?Of course my answer is b).
Akshay Kumar|Writing a novel is a huge adventure; when it's going well it's more fun than fun. When it stutters to a halt put it aside. Go for a swim, go for a walk, take a week off. Don't panic or be afraid; you and your characters are in it together. Trust them to come to your rescue.
Daniel Handler, The Basic Eight|But his face had that hollow look, as if there was something gone... you know that look. The inward focus. Distantly attentive to the home you're missing, or the someone you're missing. That look that a bird has when it turns it dry reptilian eye on you. That look that doesn't see you because the mind is filled up with someone it would rather see.
Alain de Botton, The News: A User's Manual|Religions, to a large extent, became divisive rather than unifying forces. Instead of bringing about an ending of violence and hatred through a realization of the fundamental oneness of all life, they brought more violence and hatred, more divisions between people as well as between different religions and even within the same religion. They became ideologies; belief systems people could identify with and so use them to enhance their false sense of self. Through them they could make themselves “right” and others “wrong” and thus define their identity through their enemies, the “others”, the “nonbelievers” or “wrong believers” who not infrequently they saw themselves justified in the killing.
M.L. Stedman, The Light Between Oceans|We're not obsessed by anything, you see," insisted Ford."...""And that's the deciding factor. We can't win against obsession. They care, we don't. They win.""I care about lots of things," said Slartibartfast, his voice trembling partly with annoyance, but partly also with uncertainty."Such as?""Well," said the old man, "life, the Universe. Everything, really. Fjords.""Would you die for them?""Fjords?" blinked Slartibartfast in surprise. "No.""Well then.""Wouldn't see the point, to be honest.
John Grogan, Marley & Me: Life and Love with the World's Worst Dog|Only then did I see. Something was amiss with Patrick's snap-on one piece, or "onesie" as we manly dads like to call it. His chubby thighs, I now realized, were squeezed into the armholes, which were so tight they must have been cutting off his circulation. The collared neck hung between his legs like an udder. Up top, Patrick's head stuck out through the unsnapped crotch, and his arms were lost somewhere in the billowing pant legs. It was quite a look.
Wilson M. Mukama|Nature is the reality, diverging from the nature counts runny from the truth, live on nature, walk under trustworthness
Thomas Pierce, Hall of Small Mammals: Stories|Tonight or every night if you wish you can have a very distinguished guest from the space: Just open your curtain at night, then the Moon will visit you!
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Now is the time to realize your potential and look beyond disappointment and focus on blessings. They are all around you, if you only take the time to welcome them into your life.
Danielle Evans, Before You Suffocate Your Own Fool Self|You know, you're too pretty for me to leave you on the couch like that," he said, pulling me toward him. I didn't know that, but I did understand then that there was no such thing as safe, only safer; that this, if it didn't happen now, would happen later but not better.
Tom Cunningham|Willpower and determination have their limits. A compelling life purpose, one you believe God created you for, will help you push beyond those limits
Neil Gaiman|I really don't know what "I love you" means.I think it means "Don't leave me here alone.
Ursula K. Le Guin|Words are events, they do things, change things. They transform both speaker and hearer; they feed energy back and forth and amplify it
Benny Bellamacina, Philosophical Uplifting Quotes and Poems|When the loneliest place on earth is in your mind, move out!
Asa Don Brown|There is no greater grief, than when a parent losses a child.
Marilyn Monroe|I've come to the conclusion that mythology is really a form of archaeological psychology. Mythology gives you a sense of what a people believes, what they fear.
Zalman Schachter-Shalomi, Wrapped in a Holy Flame: Teachings and Tales of the Hasidic Masters|Do not exalt any path above god. There are many paths that lead to god. So people are capable of finding and following the ways that suit them, provided they do not stand still.
Robert Reich|This was the way I was brought up to think of politics, that politics was to do with ethics, it was to do with responsibility, it was to do with service, so I think I was conditioned to think like that, and I'm too old to change now.
Ramez Naam|What we are going to offer is not a one-way communication, but one-to-one communication.
Georges Bataille|The individual soul touches upon the world soul like a well reaches for the water table. That which sustains the universe beyond thought and language, and that which is at the core of us and struggles for expression, is the same thing. The finite within the infinite, the infinite within the finite.
Thiruvalluvar|On the craft level, writing for children is not so different from writing for adults. You still have to have a story that moves forward. You still have to have the tools of the trade down. The difference arises in the knowledge of who you're writing for. This isn't necessary true of writing for adults.
Jack Bunbury, He/She Smells a Hoo-Hoo|This was the kack’s cradle, icky-poo’s bassinet. It was Death and Diarrhea, singing duet.
David Sanborn|I am shocked at the attitude of our American troops. They have no respect for death, the courage of an enemy soldier, or many of the ordinary decencies of life.
D.J. MacHale|Never make the first move." - Loor (The Rivers of Zadaa)
Ashish Patel|You become what you believe, decide, and act upon.
Friedrich Schiller|O friends, no more these sounds!Let us sing more cheerful songs, more full of joy!
Dalia Sofer, The Septembers of Shiraz|New York City has finally hired women to pick up the garbage, which makes sense to me, since, as I've discovered, a good bit of being a woman consists of picking up garbage.
Tim Ingold, The Perception of the Environment: Essays on Livelihood, Dwelling and Skill|Bad is that often wildlife trafficking is described as a “victimless” crime. Nothing could be further from the truth. Many of the trafficked items come from murdered animals; Rhinoceros Horn, Ivory and Tiger skins; and hundreds of thousands of birds and animals die in transit in the most horrible circumstances imaginable. Just because they cannot communicate with us does not mean they are not victims. They feel, fear and die, just like humans.
|We can never change the negative things that happened to us in the past, but we surely have the power to control the mental damages they could cause in our minds.
Kiran Desai|Fidelity is surely our highest aim, but a translation is not made with tracing paper. It is an act of critical interpretation. Let me insist on the obvious: Languages trail immense, individual histories behind them, and no two languages, with all their accretions of tradition and culture, ever dovetail perfectly. They can be linked by translation, as a photograph can link movement and stasis, but it is disingenuous to assume that either translation or photography, or acting for that matter, are representational in any narrow sense of the term. Fidelity is our noble purpose, but it does not have much, if anything, to do with what is called literal meaning. A translation can be faithful to tone and intention, to meaning. It can rarely be faithful to words or syntax, for these are peculiar to specific languages and are not transferable.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Love is a chemical reaction,But it cannot be fully understood or defined by science.And though a body cannot exist without a soul,It too cannot be fully understood or defined by science.Love is the most powerful form of energy,But science cannot decipher its elements.Yet the best cure for a sick soul is love,But even the most advanced physicianCannot prescribe it as medicine.INCOMPLETE SCIENCE by Suzy Kassem
Magica Quartet, Puella Magi Madoka Magica, Vol. 01|Madoka: Won't anyone notice that Mami-san is dead?Homura: Mami Tomoe's only relatives are distant relations. It will be quite some time before anyone files a missing persons report. When one dies on that side of the wards, not even a body is left behind. She'll wind up forever a "missing person"... That is what happens to magical girls in the end.Madoka: ...That's too cruel! Mami-san has been fighting all alone for a long time for everyone's sake! For no one to even notice that she's gone... That's just too lonely a fate...Homura: It is just that kind of contract that gives us the power in the first place. It isn't for anyone else's sake. We fight on for the sake of our own prayer. So for no one to notice... for the world to forget us... That is just something we have to accept.
Geoffrey Chaucer|His spirit chaunged house and wente ther,As I cam nevere, I kan nat tellen wher.
Hillary Wen|Half the world is wandering, the other half is lost.
Chin-Ning Chu, The Art of War for Women: Sun Tzu's Ancient Strategies and Wisdom for Winning at Work|When you decide to attack, keep calm and dash in quickly, forestalling the enemy...attack with a feeling of constantly crushing the enemy, from first to last.
Martine Roddigase|All the blogs Christian,Military, Christian,Military, Operations Christians,Christ,Jesus,God,Prophecy and Ministry around the world.Warriors following Christ.
Bethany-Kris, Giovanni|The liars among us will know that every lie must contain a certain amount of truth if it's to be convincing. A dash of truth is often enough, but it's indispensable, like the olive in the martini.
Kashish Gurung|I'll fall for you, if you fall for me"that's not how love's supposed to be;its when you seek solace in pain and love retains without complaints.
Lisa Kleypas, Smooth Talking Stranger|I've got about ten things to say to you right now. But at least nine of them would make me sound like a psycho.”In spite of the seriousness of the situation, I nearly smiled. “What’s the tenth thing?” I asked his shirtfront. He paused, considering it. “Never mind,” he grumbled. “That one would make me sound like a psycho, too.
Bette Davis|It's the movies that have really been running things in America ever since they were invented. They show you what to do, how to do it, when to do it, how to feel about it, and how to look how you feel about it.
Annie Proulx|You should write because you love the shape of stories and sentences and the creation of different words on a page. Writing comes from reading, and reading is the finest teacher of how to write.
Margaret Weis|The gods were great, but what good was greatness if you didn't love?
Deyth Banger|I found awesome quotes here which are marvel, but the main problem is that from 10000000000000000000000000 people which is an endless result few of them read them. What happens with the other part?? To clever to read this?
Isabelle Rowan, Ink|Come now, Pendragon Princess. You didn’t get dressed up to die, we both know that.
Vladimir Lenin|Once you have mastered time, you will understand how true it is that most people overestimate what they can accomplish in a year - and underestimate what they can achieve in a decade!
Ranata Suzuki|I think perhaps I will always hold a candle for you – even until it burns my hand.And when the light has long since gone …. I will be there in the darkness holding what remains, quite simply because I cannot let go.
C. JoyBell C.|Many of the people in this world that you will see and that you will meet, are the versions of themselves that have come about as a result of the things that have happened to them in life. When people laugh at you, you develop a layer of skin for that and when you lose people, you develop a different layer of skin for that and when you are hurt during the times you are vulnerable, there is another special layer of skin for that; so on and so forth. We become covered in layers of different kinds of skin that we never asked to have and that we would never want to have! But there we are, underneath all of that; we walk around and we don't see ourselves, we don't see each other, we can hardly remember anything about who we are! It takes someone to look through all of that skin, to remember yourself on behalf of you. A person can give you the set of eyes that were used to view the real you, in some distant past, in some different lifetime! Then when you see them looking at you like that, you remember who you are and that's when the layers of unwanted skin begin to peel and through that peeling you become a newborn.
Steve Maraboli|If forgiveness is medicine for the soul, then gratitude is vitamins.
Jandy Nelson, I'll Give You the Sun|Good. That is it. You will see with your hands, I promise you.
C.C. Humphreys, Vlad: The Last Confession|In torment, there was release.In the darkness, there was light.In solitude, there were companions.
Margaret Peterson Haddix, Just Ella|Why did everyone like that story so much when it wasn't true? Why was everyone so eager to believe it? Was it because, in real life, ever after's generally stink?
Miggy Villas|All laws work for our good; therefore, we should know and observe them.
Tamara L. Chilver|Relax. Cultivate your children's capabilities. Maximize their strengths. Do not handicap their unique skills by spending too much time on making them average in everything. Help them create their own style, and appreciate your children for who God created them to be.
P.G. Wodehouse, The Politeness Of Princes And Other School Stories|...there was practically one handwriting common to the whole school when it came to writing lines. It resembled the movements of a fly that had fallen into an ink-pot, and subsequently taken a little brisk exercise on a sheet of foolscap by way of restoring the circulation.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We shouldn’t think about ourselves and how weak we are. Instead, we should think about God and how strong He is.
Charles Dickens, Hard Times|There is a wisdom of the head, and... there is a wisdom of the heart.
Lou Anders|All prejudice presents itself as piety, propriety.
Amy Schumer|I am a woman with thoughts and questions and shit to say. I say if I'm beautiful. I say if I'm strong. You will not determine my story — I will. I will speak and share and fuck and love, and I will never apologize to the frightened millions who resent that they never had it in them to do it. I stand here and I am amazing, for you. Not because of you. I am not who I sleep with. I am not my weight. I am not my mother. I am myself. (2014 Gloria Awards and Gala)
Ronald Steel|Having girlfriends is... I can't do it. It doesn't mean I don't hang out with girls. It just means that I don't like being in a relationship, because it makes things very complicated. The one piece of advice that I listen to adults on - because I don't listen to adults when it comes to most things - is that I'm too young to have a girlfriend.
Alison G. Bailey, Present Perfect|What we don't let out traps us. We think, No one else feels this way, I must be crazy. So we don't say anything. And we become enveloped by a deep loneliness, not knowing where our feelings come from or what to do with them. Why do I feel this way?
T.C. Boyle, Drop City|Music was like food, like water, like air - that necessary, that essential - and here she was in a break-on-through mood and nothing for it but her own stumbling version caught like lint on her tongue.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|winning or losing an agonist encounter has a dramatic impact on future aggressive behavior. Winners are more likely to initiate attacks against unknown opponents, whereas losers are more circumspect and likely to retreat from unfamiliar conspecifics, adopting an opportunistic strategy, picking and choosing their fights. In the worst case scenario, animals socially subjugated by constant threat and attack from dominant conspecifics develop a submissive phenotype, showing little or no aggressive behavior, essentially eliminating themselves from the gene pool.
Virginia Woolf, Orlando|Buy for me from the King's own kennels, the finest elk hounds of the Royal strain, male and female. Bring them back without delay. For," he murmured, scarcely above his breath as he turned to his books, "I have done with men.
Germaine Gibson, Sensation and Magic - A woman's erotic journey through Submission and Mastery|The male staff all wore gorgeous colored loin cloths that always seem to be about to fall off they’re wonderful hips. Their upper bodies were tanned sculpted and naked.The female staff wore short shorts and silky flowing tops that almost but didn’t expose their young easy breasts. I noticed we only ever encountered male staff, and the men walking through the lobby were always greeted by the female staff. Very ingenious, as Rebecca said later - if we had ticked Lesbians on the form I wonder what would have happened?	-There was a place to tick for Lesbians, I said ?	-Sexual Persuasion- it was on all the forms	-Really. And, how many options were there?	-You’re getting the picture, said Jillian.This was not your basic check in procedure as at say a Best Western. Our Doormen/Security Guards , held out our chairs for us to let us sit at the elegant ornate table. Then they poured us tea, and placed before each of us a small bowl of tropical fruit, cut into bite size pieces. Wonderful!Almost immediately a check in person came and sat opposite us at the desk. Again a wonderful example of Island Male talent. (in my mind anyway)We signed some papers, and were each handed an immense wallet of information passes, electronic keys, electronic ID’s we would wear to allow us to move through the park and its ‘worlds’ and a small flash driveI looked at it as he handed it to me, and given the mindset of the Hotel and the murals and the whole ambiance of the place, I was thinking it might be a very small dildo for, some exotic move I was unaware of. 	-What’s this? I asked him	-Your Hotel and Theme Park GuideI looked at it again, huh, so not a dildo.
Patrick White, Three Uneasy Pieces|I would like to believe in the myth that we grow wiser with age. In a sense my disbelief is wisdom. Those of a middle generation, if charitable or sentimental, subscribe to the wisdom myth, while the callous see us as dispensable objects, like broken furniture or dead flowers. For the young we scarcely exist unless we are unavoidable members of the same family, farting, slobbering, perpetually mislaying teeth and bifocals.
Kristin Harmel, The Sweetness of Forgetting|In Paris, you couldn’t really turn around without seeing the result of lovers’ bad decisions. An artist given to sexual excess was almost a cliché, but no one seemed to mind. As long as you were making something good or interesting or sensational, you could have as many lovers as you wanted and ruin them all.
Stefanos Livos, A Life In A Moment|There are no secrets.' The thing smiled, showing a row of even, childlike teeth. 'None worth keeping. Only the ones you hide from yourself, which are the most damaging and hurtful of all. Truth is truth, and lie is lie. Tell yourself one's the other and all the world turns kilter.
Isaac Hanson|I was very dramatic - very, like, 'It's never going to happen. My life is over at 16 because I'm not already famous. I'm not going to get my record deal. I'm not going to be able to sing for a living.'
Karen Kimsey-House, Co-Active Leadership: Five Ways to Lead|You may disagree. Personal history and national history do not always overlap, a point often overlooked in some of the broad strokes applied to the SG50 celebrations. But do consider your choices. In the age of Buzzfeed, we love lists. Make your own. No two lists will be the same, but collectively, they all say the same thing. They are all in search of a soul.
George Orwell, In Front of Your Nose: 1945-1950|In reality there is no kind of evidence or argument by which one can show that Shakespeare, or any other writer, is "good". Nor is there any way of definitely proving that--for instance--Warwick Beeping is "bad". Ultimately there is no test of literary merit except survival, which is itself an index to majority opinion.
Phil Knight, Shoe Dog: A Memoir by the Creator of NIKE|Saramento4Kids is one stop destination for parents who are searching for fun events for their kids in Sacramento. With our user-friendly online directory, you can find the best kids event in no time.
Fannie Flagg, Fried Green Tomatoes at the Whistle Stop Cafe|Is she a friend of yours?”“No,” Diana said flatly. “She’s my mother.
Lisa Carlisle, Knights of Stone: Bryce|What in bloody hell is going on back there?" Angus boomed. "Some kind of cross-species orgy!
Lang Leav, Lullabies|TimeYou were the oneI wanted mostto stay.But time could notbe kept at bay.The more it goes,the more it's gone—the more it takes away.
Rick Riordan|Like your zodiac sign? Percy asked. 'I'm a Leo.'No, stupid,' Leo said. I'm a Leo. You're a Percy.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, A Gentle Creature and Other Stories|This life you cry up so much is what I wanted to extinguish by suicide, whereas my dream, my dream—oh, it has revealed to me a great, new, regenerated intensity of life!
John Mason Brown|America is a land where men govern, but women rule.
Robert Edison Fulton Jr., One Man Caravan|No doubt you are wondering what you will find, out there.' The Commandant said it for me.'Well, it would be useless for me to try and tell you. The desert tells a different story every time one ventures on it...
Daaji|It is in the stillness of the mind that we perceive the heart with clarity. By constantly observing the inner weather, we steer through life wisely, steadfastly, sans regrets.
Sara Sheridan|To my amazement, miraculously, the lid suddenly loosened and slid all the way open, revealing its hidden cargo: A stack of small paper booklets. Dozens and dozens of them. Booklets made of ordinary sheets of white writing paper, folded in half, and hand-stitched along the spine. Booklets in remarkably pristine condition, all covered in a small, neat handwriting that I instantly recognized. The hair stood up on the back of my neck. I could hardly breathe.
Kendare Blake, Anna Dressed in Blood|It's shitty I guess. They're my friends. But... everything I want to talk about I can't say to them. It feels so separate, like I've touched something that's taken the color out of me.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|Do you feel loved by God because you believe he makes much of you, or because you believe he frees you and empowers you to enjoy making much of him?
Dada Bhagwan|If you do not believe in reincarnation then the word “prarabdh” (karma effect) should not be present in your vocabulary. Christian, Muslim, and other religion’s language is complete, but the belief is incomplete. Fortune, contrivance, lucky, unlucky – where did they get all that from? This is all a connection from the past life.
Charlie Rose|The goal of mass transit is to convince people to abandon their cars, which feature such enticing accessories as CD players and elbow room.
Giordano Bruno|And yet, because I love thee, I obtainFrom that same love this vindicating grace,To live on still in love, and yet in vain
Erik Pevernagie|Recognizing a problem may help us to understand and solve a problem. Rather than lying down and selling our sound judgment short, let us appeal to the opulent granary of our memory and explore the green pastures lingering in our mind. ("Prêt-à-penser")
Edward Abbey, Desert Solitaire|The fire. The odor of burning juniper is the sweetest fragrance on the face of the earth, in my honest judgment; I doubt if all the smoking censers of Dante's paradise could equal it. One breath of juniper smoke, like the perfume of sagebrush after rain, evokes in magical catalysis, like certain music, the space and light and clarity and piercing strangeness of the American West. Long may it burn.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|We must imbue our children with principles of the higher-self, principles which see all people as true equals, and above all, which are sensitive to the delicate and fragile balance of life.
Karl Wiggins, Self-Publishing In the Eye of the Storm|How well it was said," answered the fisherman, "that swords can be kept off with shields but the Eye of Wisdom pierces through every defense!
Henry Ford II|In response to a a comprehensive VA survey taken in 1980, 91% of respondents who had seen combat in Vietnam reported that they were glad they had served their country. A healthy 80% disagreed with the statement that the US took advantage of me. Two out of three said they would go to Vietnam again – even knowing how the war would end.
Marlene Chism, Stop Workplace Drama: Train Your Team to Have No Excuses, No Complaints, and No Regrets|Knowing your feelings won't change the facts, but knowing the facts can change your feelings.
Anonymous|But he said to me, ‘My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness.’ Therefore I will boast all the more gladly about my weaknesses, so that Christ’s power may rest on me.
Robin Sacredfire|Most people tend to excuse themselves with the opportunities they have in life, with how many years of school they have, with the people around them. And in doing so, they fail in realizing many other things, such as the fact that not many are lucky enough to give birth to a world bestseller on spirituality, wealth and success in life. Yes, your child may be a little reincarnation of an awesome buddhist monk, of an alchemist or a famous knight templar. Why most people can’t see these things, and keep looking at the past for answers, is something that still puzzles me.
Mark Zuckerberg|Heisenberg, Max Plank and Einstein, they all agreed that science could not solve the mystery of the universe.
F.D.  Lee, The Fairy's Tale|You don’t approve?” Joan asked, picking up on Delphine’s tone. “Their stories were for themselves, not the Mirrors.”“What do you mean?” said Bea.“Certainly sometimes a good little character would find a lamp, and would not be so corrupted by the strangely endless possibilities of three wishes that they ended up causing more harm than they ever imagined. Those stories fostered belief, they were retold, certainly; but they were few and far between. Most of the genie’s tales showed the characters exactly who they really were, not when they were despised and degraded, not when they’d reached the gutter and been given licence to look at the stars. No, the genies showed them who they were when they were invincible. The characters, they try to forget stories like that.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|I don't want to be a machine, and I don't want to think about war," EPICAC had written after Pat's and my lighthearted departure. "I want to be made out of protoplasm and last forever so Pat will love me. But fate has made me a machine. That is the only problem I cannot solve. That is the only problem I want to solve. I can't go on this way." I swallowed hard. "Good luck, my friend. Treat our Pat well. I am going to shortcircuit myself out of your lives forever. You will find on the remainder of this tape a modest wedding present from your friend, EPICAC.
Robert Jarvik|I am a medical scientist, not a practical physician. I think it's very upfront. I am a doctor. I have long experience with heart disease.
Ashly Lorenzana|The easiest way to gain someone's trust is to deserve it. This should be pretty easy, assuming you're just being you and being real. Minimal effort too.
Siri Hustvedt, The Sorrows of an American|I mean, okay, let's say we're all going to get better. Let's just pretend we will. Fine. Where are we going to go after we get better? What are we going to do with all of our newfound healthy behaviors? Back out into the world that screwed us up and screwed us over. This does not sound promising.
Albert Einstein, Ideas and Opinions|Morally it may be better to not kill any creature for their flesh, but biologically, meat was one of the greatest factors involved in the rise of the psychology of thinking humanity.
ELW-Reta Barnes|To understand God, is to Love Him. You can't say you love God if you don't know Him. First you must know yourself, to experience God, then you will know Him for who He really is.
Sunday Adelaja|If a nation and any nation on this earth could raise up the standard of personal responsibility in their society, you will in no time see a nation of virtuous people, developed and civilized.
Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin|Are you chuckling yet? Because then along came you. A big, broad meat eater with brash blond hair and ruddy skin that burns at the beach. A bundle of appetites. A full, boisterous guffaw; a man who tells knock know jokes. Hot dogs - not even East 86th Street bratwurst but mealy, greasy big guts that terrifying pink. Baseball. Gimme caps. Puns and blockbuster movies, raw tap water and six-packs. A fearless, trusting consumer who only reads labels to make sure there are plenty of additives. A fan of the open road with a passion for his pickup who thinks bicycles are for nerds. Fucks hard and talks dirty; a private though unapologetic taste for porn. Mysteries, thrillers, and science fiction; a subscription to National Geographic. Barbecues on the Fourth of July and intentions, in the fullness of time, to take up golf. Delights in crappy snack foods of ever description: Burgles. Curlies. Cheesies. Squigglies - you're laughing - but I don't eat them - anything that looks less like food than packing material and at least six degrees of separation from the farm. Bruce Springsteen, the early albums, cranked up high with the truck window down and your hair flying. Sings along, off-key - how is it possible that I should be endeared by such a tin ear?Beach Boys. Elvis - never lose your roots, did you, loved plain old rock and roll. Bombast. Though not impossibly stodgy; I remember, you took a shine to Pearl Jam, which was exactly when Kevin went off them...(sorry). It just had to be noisy; you hadn't any time for my Elgar, my Leo Kottke, though you made an exception for Aaron Copeland. You wiped your eyes brusquely at Tanglewood, as if to clear gnats, hoping I didn't notice that "Quiet City" made you cry. And ordinary, obvious pleasure: the Bronx Zoo and the botanical gardens, the Coney Island roller coaster, the Staten Island ferry, the Empire State Building. You were the only New Yorker I'd ever met who'd actually taken the ferry to the Statue of Liberty. You dragged me along once, and we were the only tourists on the boat who spoke English. Representational art - Edward Hopper. And my lord, Franklin, a Republican. A belief in a strong defense but otherwise small government and low taxes. Physically, too, you were such a surprise - yourself a strong defense. There were times you were worried that I thought you too heavy, I made so much of your size, though you weighed in a t a pretty standard 165, 170, always battling those five pounds' worth of cheddar widgets that would settle over your belt. But to me you were enormous. So sturdy and solid, so wide, so thick, none of that delicate wristy business of my imaginings. Built like an oak tree, against which I could pitch my pillow and read; mornings, I could curl into the crook of your branches. How luck we are, when we've spared what we think we want! How weary I might have grown of all those silly pots and fussy diets, and how I detest the whine of sitar music!
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Merry’s mind devolved into chaos. Ideas evaded her. Words chased one another into meaningless jumbles. Her breath came in shallow gasps as the ghastly image of William’s lifeless body twisting in the wind, solidified and held.
Sarah Dessen, What Happened to Goodbye|Two a.m.' He swallowed, then said, "You know. The person you can call at two a.m. and, no matter what, you can count on them. Even if they're asleep or it's cold or you need to be bailed out of jail...they'll come for you. It's like, the highest level of friendship.
William H. Gass|If I could talk it like Dahoum, you would never be tired of listening to me.
Bernard M. Baruch|Millions saw the apple fall, Newton was the only one who asked why?
Tia Walker|In terms of experience, we want to make this (referring to the self) very pleasant. We want this to be blissful, ecstatic. But, as I said before, even being ecstatic is not goal by itself. If you are blissful by your own nature, then the important thing is that you are no more the issue. There are other issues in this existence; we can look at those. But if you are an issue, what other issue will you take in your hands? You will not touch anything. When I am enough trouble myself, why do I want to take on this one or that one? When I am no more an issue, now I am willing to dig into the whole existence and see what it is all about.
Bryce Harper|In dreams, anything can be anything, and everybody can do. We can fly, we can turn upside down, we can transform into anything.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, The Social Contract|If there were a nation of Gods, it would govern itself democratically. A government so perfect is not suited to men.
Franz Kafka, The Complete Stories|Ah! This is retribution for Promethean fire! Besides being patient, you must also love this sadness and respect your doubts and questions. They are an abundant excess, a luxury of life, and they appear more at the summits of happiness, when you have no crude desires. They are not born in the midst of mundanity. They have no place where there is grief and want. The masses go along without knowing the fog of doubts or the anguish of questions. But for anyone who has encountered them at the right time they are dear visitors, not a hammer.''But there's no coping with them. They bring anguish and indifference to nearly everything.' she added indecisively.'But for how long? Afterward they refresh life,' he said. 'They lead to an abyss from which nothing can be gained, and they force you to look again at life, with even greater love. They summon up your tested powers to struggle with it, as if expressly to let them sleep afterward.''This fog and these specters torment me!' she complained. 'Everything is bright and all of a sudden a sinister shadow is cast over life! Are there no means against this?''What do you mean? Your buttress is in life! Without it, life is sickening, even without any questions!'p. 508
Gudjon Bergmann, The Author's Blueprint|There is no such thing as lack of time, only unclear priorities and lack of motivation. It is better to abandon a project than to work on it half-heartedly for a protracted period of time.
Elizabeth Rundle Charles|There is grace for the unrighteous and the self-righteous alike, and the father loves both sons well.
J. J. Watt|The one thing I know is, if I play good ball, things have tended to come along with it. Everything that I've ever done in my career has come off of playing good football. And so I realize I need to go out there, and I need to take care of my business; then everything else - all these cool, great things - come along with it.
Idries Shah, Thinkers of the East|When you get a principle on which everyone is agreed, you get the beginning of complacency and deterioration.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring|As with many tragedies, our story opens in a moment of triumph.
Karen Thompson Walker, The Age of Miracles|We were like wanderers in a desert, blessed with a rare downpour, but unable to store the rain.
Ken Robinson|Leave all the afternoon for exercise and recreation, which are as necessary as reading. I will rather say more necessary because health is worth more than learning.
Nick Nolte|As long as the G.O.P., led by its increasingly visible women, continues to insist that the problem is not their policies but women's failure to understand their own lives and interests, the gender gap won't go away.
Michael Cunningham, The Hours|I didn't actually know what regret tasted like—but I imagined if it did have a flavor, it would be lutefisk.
Iris Murdoch, The Time of the Angels|You’re the girl that I have been wanting. You’re the girl that I could see myself with forever. And most importantly, you’re the girl that I’ve fallen in love with.
Osho, The Secret of Secrets|A buddha lives in the orgasmic state for twenty-four hours, day in and day out. Between the day Gautama Buddha became enlightened and the day he died there is a distance of forty-two years. For these forty-two years he was utterly in an orgasmic state. Just think! Those few moments you have are nothing compared to a Buddha’s.
Arzak Khan|So I am not at all interested in this whole 'she-shed' thing, I love my 'man-cave' - after all, cave is much more sturdy than a shed and there is always a chance that it's the entrance to Batman's secret hideout.
V.E. Schwab|Some thought magic came from the mind, others the soul, or the heart, or the will.
Anna Buchan|I don't think you can reach your potential as a writer unless you're a passionate reader, AND read passionately.
Mother Teresa|I am not sure exactly what heaven will be like, but I know that when we die and it comes time for God to judge us, he will not ask, 'How many good things have you done in your life?' rather he will ask, 'How much love did you put into what you did?
Shannon L. Alder|Hortense was a wife; Valerie a mistress.Many men desire to have these two editions of the same work, although it is proof of deep inferiority in a man if he cannot make his wife his mistress. Seeking variety is a sign of impotence.
Peter Callaway|I was a couple of summers past twenty but I felt there were stones under that frozen, dun earth that were younger than me.
Amy Kuivalainen, Cry of the Firebird|Tuoni takes her by the shoulders and turns her to face him. “Remember this Anya. Dreams have power; they show old truths you are too blind to see on waking. They make you remember memories that are lost in the blood flowing through your veins. Remember her magic. Remember what she did when you wake,” he says before he pushes her off the cliff.
Plato|[you’ll acquire] A certain amount of cynicism. This business works on you. When you were in law school you had some noble idea what a lawyer should be. A champion of individual rights; a defender of the Constitution; a guardian of the oppressed; an advocate for your client’s principles. Then after you practice for six months you realize you were nothing but hired guns. Mouthpieces for sale to the highest bidder, available to anybody, any crook, any sleazebag with enough money to pay your outrageous fees. Nothing shocks you. It’s supposed to be an honorable profession, but you’ll meet so many crooked lawyers you’ll want to quit and find an honest job. Yeah Mitch, you’ll get cynical. And it’s sad, really.
Taona Dumisani Chiveneko, The Hangman's Replacement: Sprout of Disruption|You keep distracting from the main point, Vaida. I did not come to Harare to study other people’s scars. I have my own to worry about. They make me sick. I will never recover from the events that carved them into my body. You should focus on healing yours instead of creating new ones.
Suzanne Elizabeth Anderson, God Loves You. -Chester Blue|I know that when things are at their worst, something better is just around the corner if we just put one foot in front of the other and keep moving forward.
David Hockney|Well, I still write poetry, but I wouldn't call myself a poet.
Benjamin Percy, The Dead Lands|I can't let the killing go on. No more death, not because of me. This is the only way. You and I both know it. Eio.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry|According to Okonkwo, the British via its indirect rule system ensured that Africans saw their native leaders as the demons who betrayed their people. He called it a demonocracy
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|In any case, though, I believe that I have not been fair to you and that, as a result, I must have led you around in circles and hurt you deeply.
Robin McKinley, Deerskin|There were lots of things in this lifetime that I'd doubted, precious little I'd known for sure. But in that moment, I knew I would save her, or die trying.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Those 10000 days in prison, but this never made Nelson Mandela to leave what he was doing. He loved what he did and he would repeat to again if he had been arrested again and imprisoned again! He has his bigger picture in view!
Monica Ali, Brick Lane|The thought of writing was always pleasant, but the process was painful
Henry James, Watch and Ward|When the right stage gets missing, true talent that can grow to inspire, nurture and change lives least gets the right stage to manifest; real deft and dexterity remains latent and people only die with their dreams, abilities and capabilities.
Rachel Caine, Glass Houses|I'm not ill like that,” she groaned. He sat on her bed, peeling back the blanket. A servant entered, frowning at the mess on the floor, and shouted for help.“Then it what way?”“I,uh...” Her face was so hot she thought it would melt onto the floor. Oh you idiot. “My monthly cycles finally came back!”His face suddenly matched hers and he stepped away, dragging his hand through his short hair. “I-if...Then I'll take my leave,” he stammered, and bowed. Celaena raised an eyebrow, and then, despite herself, smiled as he left the room as quick as his feet could go without running, tripping slightly in the doorway as he staggered into the rooms beyond.
Lyndsay Faye, Dust and Shadow: An Account of the Ripper Killings by Dr. John H. Watson|Jo's whimper rose slightly but the scream she yearned for wouldn't materialise. Instead, as she looked at her hand, she began to make a gurgling, gagging noise, more animal than human.
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|We are shaped by what we're saturated in, which is why incarnation must always be paired with devotion.
Barbara W. Tuchman, The Proud Tower: A Portrait of the World Before the War, 1890-1914|If I were a member of the class that rules, I would post men in all the neighborhoods of the nation, not to spy upon or club rebellious workers, not to break strikes or disrupt unions, but to ferret out those who no longer respond to the system in which they live. I would make it known that the real danger does not stem from those who seek to grab their share of wealth through force, or from those who try to defend their property through violence, for both of these groups, by their affirmative acts, support the values of the system in which they live. The millions that I would fear are those who do not dream of the prizes that the nation holds forth, for it is in them, though they may not know it, that a revolution has taken place and is biding its time to translate itself into a new and strange way of life.
Jay Woodman|Vomit and shit, even your own, stink.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Wait for You|There are fires, vast and endless, that burn in me for you. And I will carry them until you are ready to walk through the Flames of me.
Harry Truman|Not all readers are leaders, but all leaders are readers.
Iva Ursano, The Shear Truth: 10 Things Your Hairstylist Really Wants You to Know.|To everybody who didn't believe in me, thank you. Because of you, I had to find my own way, and I did.
Bipan Chandra, India's Struggle for Independence|Bhagat Singh revered Lajpat Rai as a leader. But he would not spare even Lajpat Rai, when, during the last years of his life, Lajpat Rai turned to communal politics. He then launched a political-ideological campaign against him. Because Lajpat Rai was a respected leader, he would not publicly use harsh words of criticism against him. And so he printed as a pamphlet Robert Browning’s famous poem, ‘The Lost Leader,’ in which Browning criticizes Wordsworth for turning against liberty. The poem begins with the line ‘Just for a handful of silver he left us.’ A few more of the poem’s lines were: ‘We shall march prospering, not thro’ his presence; Songs may inspirit us, not from his lyre,’ and ‘Blot out his name, then, record one lost soul more.’ There was not one word of criticism of Lajpat Rai. Only, on the front cover, he printed Lajpat Rai’s photograph!
Alice Sebold|There were also the Masters of Arcane Knowledge. Everyone begrudged their presence among the gifteds. These were the kids that could break down an engine and build it back again - no diagrams or instructions needed. They understood things in a real, not theoretical, way. They seemed not to care about their grades.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|I just want to know—are you rooting for me? Are you hoping I pull this off?"Cath's eyes settled on his, tentatively, like they'd fly away if he moved.She nodded her head.The right side of his mouth pulled up."I'm rooting for you," she whispered. She wasn't even sure he could hear her from the bed.Levi's smile broke free and devoured his whole face.
Alan Kinross, Longinus the Vampire|Welcome, let’s all prepare to be whisked to the magical land of candy. Be warned, candy is very addicting and at Jubilee’s the candy is the tastiest in the world,
Tori Amos|I feel there are tone singers, and there are more vocal gymnastics singers. And I think that's amazing when people can do that, but I think there's room for the tone singers. And there aren't a lot of them.
Ivan Turgenev, Diary of a Superfluous Man|I've dreamt of us falling in love and being together in a million different ways, yet I still wake up in the one way without you.
Tracy March, Should've Said No|She looks like a Disney princess, but is a total badass.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|I like the trail that the Internet created. For example, I was watching one of those Douglas Sirk movies, and I noticed that Rock Hudson towered over everyone, and I typed in "How tall was" and I saw "How tall was Jesus," and I'm like, "Sure," and half an hour later you're somewhere you didn't expect to be. It doesn't work that same way in books, does it? Even if you have an encyclopedia, the trail isn't that crazy. I like that aspect of it.
Ezekiel Elliott|If you're a woman, it's almost impossible to establish a relationship. You're too much for everybody. It's too much. The woman always has to play this role of being fragile and dependent. And if you're not, they're fascinated by you, but only for a little while. And then they want to change you and crush you. And then they leave.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The world may argue against a creed, but it cannot argue against changed lives.
Max DePree, Leadership Is an Art|In the end, it is important to remember that we cannot become what we need to be, by remaining what we are.
Brian Andreas|-Hardly knowing what i was doing, i began to hit the table with one hand as i sang in a low voice. Big cows" -thump- "lumps of meat" -thump. His widened. "Give me milk" -thump- "warm and sweet."I stopped abruptly, pressing my lips together as I realized what I had just sung. The ridiculousness of it struck me forcibly and I knew I could not goon without laughing. We stared at each other,locked in a stalemate, his eyes brimming with laughter, his lips trembling. My chin quivered. Against my will, a sound burst from me. It was a very unladylike snort.-
Teresa Hampton, Leading Ladies: Willing Hearts, Willing Hands|Remember that any functioning communication, and communication is a two-street; it requires my listening and my speaking. Our relationship with the Lord is no different. It requires my listening to God through a study of His word, and my speaking to God through diligent prayer.
K.I. Lynn, Breach|You’re different,” he said, touching my face.Of course I was. The man I loved had killed for me. A lot of things became inconsequential after a sacrifice like that.
James Lusarde, The Train of Arousal|Listen to me and listen to me good,” she ground out. “You are an asshole. You don’t tell me what to do, ever. The day you control my life, well, that day is when hell freezes over. I’m not some weak little wife type, asshole, and I don’t need a man to control me or tell me what to do. If you ever try to pull this shit again I’ll show you weak when they have to surgically remove my shoe from your ass. When you walk in the door of my house after you find a way back there, you have five minutes to pack up your things and get the hell out or you’ll need that surgery. I want you to get on a plane, take your miserable, bitchy little bald ass out of my life, and don’t ever come near me again. Do you hear me?
Stephen R. Covey|Many are called, few are chosen.
Edie Littlefield Sundby, The Mission Walker: I was given three months to live...|I thank God every day for this life, and I want there to be more, though that’s not known. What is known is that I’m alive today, this minute. And that’s pretty much what we all have – this day, this moment.
Susan Ee, End of Days|So does anyone have a good survival strategy, or is there no hope for getting out of this nightmare?’ asks the Colonel.‘We came up with a big, fat zero. I don’t know how we’re going to survive the blood hunt,’ says Dee.‘That wasn’t the nightmare I was referring to,’ says the Colonel. ‘Death by stupid comments is what I was talking about.
Fredrik Backman, Britt-Marie Was Here|Around them, the dawn gently wakes Borg like someone breathing into the ear of someone they love. With sun and promises. Tickling light falls over warm duvets, like the smell of freshly brewed coffee and toasted bread. It shouldn't be doing this. It's the wrong day to be beautiful, but the dawn doesn't care.
Booth Tarkington|I think a lot of people think I'm either unintelligent because I'm a very happy person and I have a lot of energy or that it's a fake happiness, like fake energy. I completely understand that because it's a lot to handle, and I am a very emotional human being.
David Platt, Radical: Taking Back Your Faith from the American Dream|If you're a true student of the truth, you may easily get frustrated when people try to make points based on mysticism and cultural beliefs.
Joshua Sasse|Flying, for some reason, has never been my favorite thing, but after taking some aviation classes and reading about it and learning about it... They've been doing this for over a hundred years, they've been to the moon and back; they kind of have a good system going here.
John Hawkins, 101 Things All Young Adults Should Know|everybody needs help in some way, we are a community on earth, giving & receiving, ebbing & flowing, reflecting, even tough lessons can help
Anne Rice|Also, serial killers, child killers, they’re hot, they’re the new cool kids, the new vampires, the new zombies, everybody’s favourite spook monster.
Louise Carey, The Steel Seraglio|No matter how much we ask after the truth, self-awareness is often unpleasant. We do not feel kindly toward the Truthsayer.
Eduardo Galeano|Let me tell you something - being thought of as a beautiful woman has spared me nothing in life. No heartache, no trouble. Love has been difficult. Beauty is essentially meaningless and it is always transitory.
Norman Borlaug|Having the urge to write a novel, especially if you've yet to be published, is like having a medical condition impossible to mention in polite company - it's a relief simply to know there are fellow-sufferers out there.
Lepota L. Cosmo, Love in Paris - Poetic Guide to the Romance of the City|O bid me mount and sail up thereAmid the cloudy wrack,For Peg and Meg and Paris' loveThat had so straight a back,Are gone away, and some that stayHave changed their silk for sack.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Oh, Punky. You should afford to have a bit more humility. But the first goal is for you to stop cursing so much." "Fuck that," Caroline said. "You're failing miserably." "I haven't even started yet.
Christian Bobin|You can tell who your friends are because they don’t prevent you from being on your own, because they illuminate your solitude without interrupting it.
Adele          Rose, Awakening|Make a run for it! A voice in my head commanded me. Make a run for it, before it’s too late! This voice was clearly sensible. However, sometimes I wasn’t sensible, especially when intrigue was involved.
Don DeLillo, Libra|Loving me is like entering a dungeon with a lot of doors. I cannot guarantee you that you will get the key of every door you come across, I cannot tell you which door leads you where and what is behind it, I cannot assure you that you will head back out again the way you came in. All I can say is if you manage to open every right door and the last one too, I will make you one of my secrets forever, you will see and feel things that you have never come across, which will never let you leave again from the paradise that you have reached.
George MacDonald, At the Back of the North Wind|A half-dead thing in a stark, dead world, clean mad for the muck called gold;While high overhead, green, yellow and red, the North Lights swept in bars?-Then you've a hunch was the music meant...hunger and night and the stars.
Janet Malcolm, The Silent Woman: Sylvia Plath and Ted Hughes|Fake boobs are weird ya'll" read by Patrick Stewart.
Neil Tennant|If you begin to give people hope that there is a brighter future, there is a new tomorrow, then the people who were yesterday's terrorists become tomorrow's elected officials and they're part of the system.
Brian de Haaff, Lovability: How to Build a Business That People Love and Be Happy Doing It|Your principles are your true north because they instruct how you will handle every situation, especially when there is no easy choice.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|To a sinner, a righteous person is an oddity and an abnormality. A Christian’s goodness is a rebuke to the wicked; his being right-side up is a reflection upon the worldling’s inverted position.
Margo Roth Spiegelman|You’ll always come back to warn him, no matter how much danger it could put you in, no matter what it costs you, because he cared for you when you thought you were nothing. You were never nothing. That didn’t matter. Perception is everything in this world
Ned Vizzini, It's Kind of a Funny Story|That's worst than gonerreha, man!
Napoleon Hill, Think and Grow Rich|Happiness is found in doing, not merely possessing.
Norman Mailer|No tears in the writer, no tears in the reader. No surprise for the writer, no surprise for the reader.
Lesley M.M. Blume, Cornelia and the Audacious Escapades of the Somerset Sisters|Are you watching the boats?" Cornelia guessed. She craned her neck to see if there was any excitement on the river.Heavens no, I'm spying on people," Virginia responded unrepentantly.-Cornelia E and Virginia Somerset
Mehmet Murat ildan|Got nothing to say now, huh? Figures." She snorted. Hearing voices was one thing, but talking back to them probably hiked her up to a whole new level of psychosis. Awesome.
Edmond Sanganyado, The Good Shepherd: Grace sets back your setbacks|It’s been said that only the educated are free, but I contend. Only those who are educated with TRUTH can be inherently free. Otherwise, you are simply indoctrinated with error.
Andrés Neuman|I wonder whether, perhaps without realizing it, we seek out the books we need to read. Or whether books themselves, which are intelligent entities, detect their readers and catch their eye. In the end, every book is the I Ching. You pick it up, open it, and there it is, there you are.
Pauline Hanson|I do want people to see me as a well-rounded actress, not just someone who plays in 'Turtle' movies.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah|My message to you all is of hope, courage, and confidence.
William Makepeace Thackeray|Poetry is not for poets, poetry lovers or perceived poetic persons only. Poetry is in yourself, others and everything of nature and man-made.Poetry may not be a solution, yet it can reveal or ease challenges faced.Poetry is capable of affecting any heart.
Lydia Davis, Varieties of Disturbance|First they burned her - that was last month. Actually just two weeks ago. Now they're starvng him. When he's dead, they'll burn him too.Oh, how jolly. All this burning of family members in the summertime.
Brandon Sanderson, The Well of Ascension|As someone who has dealt with his fair share of disappointment, I’ve learned the best way to cope with trouble is to approach every situation with eyes wide open; focused and determined.
Mark Steyn|Having women in office is vital to the health of our democracy because women play a unique role in our society. By and large, women are still the primary caregivers in families, even as we have taken our place in the workforce.
Ymatruz|False reasons trapped in your old bean. Failure isn't your nemesis, denial of truth is.
Paulo Coelho|The very way that you think is a crucial component to your overall health and well being. Living towards the negative will only foster conflict and a sense of lack, while living towards the positive will create more opportunity for you to experience harmony and abundance.
Natasha Ngan, The Elites|And what some people don't understand was that bleeding wasn't a sign of weakness; it was a sign of strength. It demonstrated to the world that you were vulnerable and ordinary, but when you wanted something enough, and fought hard for it, you were capable of doing extraordinary things.
Jenny Han, It's Not Summer Without You|That's when I finally got it. I finally understood. It wasn't the thought that counted. It was the actual execution that mattered, the showing up for somebody. The intent behind it wasn't enough. Not for me. Not anymore. It wasn't enough to know that deep down, he loved me. You had to actually say it to somebody, show them you cared. And he just didn't. Not enough.
T.L. Martin, Touched by Death|And maybe . . . maybe he’ll even get more comfortable having me around. Open up, wanna chat more, and we’ll become almost friends, or—“Hey,” he grumbles from behind me, “am I paying you to stand there and stare at the wall?”Yeah, too soon, Lou. Too soon.
Brook Emery, Collusion|Mountains, hills and valleys confirm the beauty of Your holiness.
Gordana Biernat, #KnowTheTruth: Why Knowing Who You Are Changes Everything|You and your reality are ONE. When YOU change, everything changes.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Nico remembered something Jason Grace had told him in the palace of Notus: Maybe it’s time you come out of the shadows. If only I could, he thought. For the first time in his life, he had begun to fear the dark, because he might melt into it permanently.
Hemmingway, Ernest|Don't think about any poor man, just think he deserves it.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We learn about life by exploring the texture and depth of space that composes our private inner world. In solitude we revisit our wounded feelings, sins, doubts, and deepest despair, replay poignant memories of loved ones, project what we are becoming, and ascertain the purpose of our being.
Criss Jami|If I do not love my fellow man, I can be sure of it that I do not love Jesus Christ. And I would do well if guilty of loving Jesus Christ even more than I love my fellow man, because only by this may I fully come to love my fellow man.
Francois Rabelais|If you wish to succeed in life, make perseverance your bosom friend, experience your wise counselor, caution your elder brother, and hope your guardian genius.
Carrie Ann Ryan, Prowled Darkness|He wouldn't grovel, wouldn't fall to his knees and beg forgiveness. He was the son of the Leo, the King of all lions. He would, one day soon, be the Leo and reign over his people. He couldn't fall for her more than he already had, but he could hope she could see how he felt.Because if she didn't, he wasn't sure what he would do next.
Frankie Bow, The Musubi Murder|Colleges seem to want candidates that are so well-rounded they'd have to be two different people use together with mutually exclusive characteristics! They have to be gung ho athletes and sensitive artists, studious nerds and gregarious social networkers, future rulers of the universe and selfless altruists.
Robert Orben|In the morning, we sliced all the vegetables and layered everything up in a pot with a glass of Riesling. On the way to church, we dropped it off with the baker, who sealed the lid with a strip of dough and put it in his oven for a couple of hours. We picked it up at 12 o'clock and took it home to eat with mustard and salad.
Hiroko Sakai|I love fortune readings! because when I get in troubles, if the reading says that I am in a lucky day, I can think my troubles are just some kind of mistakes, and if the reading says that I am in the unlucky day, I can think that my troubles are just because of my bad luck. Either ways, I can know the reason of my troubles.
Rati Tsiteladze|Is my imagination as important as reality? Sometimes I think YES... It's imagination that makes reality tolerable... Sometimes, I just want to close my eyes and fall in to the endless imagination...
William Gibson, The Miracle Worker|National Review's premise was that conformity was especially egregious among the intellectuals, that herd of independent minds.
Trent Zelazny|Art is art. You can take it or leave it. Liking it or not liking it does not make you a better person, and who you like or dislike results in the same thing.
Henrik Ibsen, An Enemy of the People|The right? Ah, what does it help to be in the right if you don't have any power?
Evy Michaels|Whenever they say I am outgoing, I say...We must have met on the dance floor
anne idris|Sometimes I wished I could cut away old memories and let the wind take them. If a sharp knife could pare away the weakness of those days, I would slice until nothing but the hard lessons remained.
Friedrich Nietzsche|If a man has character, he has also his typical experience, which always recurs.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|The door of the judge's house was opened to him by a huge, bearded man who informed the reporter in a conversational tone that if he did not leave the village immediately he would not leave it with his arms unbroken.
Sunday Adelaja|If you are not aware of your destination, you are likely to become used by someone in accordance with his purpose and to work for a person who knows his plans and goals
David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest|Someone put opera on inside the house. Someone changed it to hip-hop, thank God. Someone started a shower. Someone vacuumed. Again.Life. In all its mundane majesty.And you couldn't take advantage of it if you were sitting on your ass in the shadows... whether it was in actuality, or metaphorically because you were trapped in an attic's darkness.
Al McGuire|Following graduation from high school in 1948, I attended Harvard University where I became a physics major. Having grown up in a small town, I found Harvard to be an enormously enriching experience. Students in my class came from all walks of life and from a great variety of geographical locations.
Mehmet Murat ildan, Antiquary Arago's Diary|For an apple you can’t reach up and pick, you have to climb that tree; the tree won’t bend down for you!
Patricia Briggs, Dragon Bones|There are two things a person should never be angry at, what they can help, and what they cannot.
Bill Gates|In hindsight, I slid into arrogance based upon past success.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|Ordinary people, she said, can see only a little bit. They can't change much or go any higher than they are, but you're a genius. You'll keep going up and up, and see more and more. And each step will reveal worlds you never even knew existed.
Ernest Hemingway, To Have and Have Not|The moon was up now and the trees were dark against it, and he passed the frame houses with their narrow yards, light coming from the shuttered windows; the unpaved alleys, with their double rows of houses; Conch town, where all was starched, well-shuttered, virtue, failure, grit and boiled grunts, under-nourishment, prejudice, righteousness, inter-breeding and the comforts of religion; the open-doored, lighted Cuban boilto houses, shacks whose only romance was their names
Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes|Take responsibility for your own happiness, do not expect people or things to bring you happiness, or you could be disappointed.
Chubby Checker|Always get married in the morning. That way if it doesn't work out, you haven't wasted the whole day.
Kelly Creagh, Nevermore|You yourself could be nothing more than a shadow, someone else’s dream who is, themselves, someone else’s.
Stephen King, It|Krisztina played the song. It was a lament made of eight notes, repeated. It was an empty melody. It sounded elemental too; it made Krisztina think of the snow falling beyond the window and across Budapest. She wondered if it was snowing in England. Alice’s mother would be here again later, all the way from London. There was so much grief. They were mourning her little girl before she had gone. Without realising she heard these words making themselves part of the song. She played what she could, her head down, her face solemn and determined. She went back to the start, and felt the world falling away, the tears drying on her face. She heard the words coming, falling like the luminous snow. After a few minutes she looked across what seemed like a huge divide to Alice on the bed and faltered. In the house of the body, the lights were being extinguished, one by one. The floors were now bare, the walls unadorned, all sound hollow and lost; all that remained was the ghost of what was, the glimmer of the melody, the tune, the song of a life lived and lost in three minutes.
Molly Friedenfeld, The Book of Simple Human Truths|Do I raise the dead when I put him behind bars? Then what'll I do it for? We used to shoot a man who acted like a dog, but honor was real there, you were protecting something. But here? This is the land of the great big dogs, you don't love a man here, you eat him!
Muhammad Imran Hasan|We Are Always Scared of Wild Beasts, Yet We Are Unaware About The Wildest Beast Within Us Which Does More Harm Than The Ordinary One....
Henry David Thoreau|We need to see men and women as equal partners, but it's hard to think of movies that do that. When I talk to people, they think of movies of forty-five years ago! Hepburn and Tracy!
Michael Bassey Johnson|If you keep on saying a single thing to yourself, you are likely to attract it to yourself, dreaming it always, then in a twinkle of an eye, it comes to you.
Allison Kilkenny Jamie Kilstein|When you turn on the news, it's the same old rich white people that have systematically ruined this country regurgitating the same tired, stale ideas. And they keep getting invited back.
V.S. Carnes|My name, sir, is Virgilia Wessex. I am a Sunday school teacher from Sussex, England, and I have given you no leave to address me as anything.”His mouth seemed to almost smile, but if so, he caught it just on the brink and decided against it. “Well, I’ve just given the gent who found you first an obscene amount of money to address you however I please… Gillia.
Charlaine Harris, Dead to the World|Well, if you can't have what you want, you could try to want what you have.
J. P. Nettl, Rosa Luxemburg, Volume I|...the working classes—that motor of social transformation which Marx increasingly stipulated for the role of the proletariat; the dispossessed and alienated revolutionary vehicle of his early writings, which later became defined and analysed into the collective worker who 'owner' nothing but his labour power—chains rather than assets. In the event, the working class actually came to fulfill most of the optimistic prognoses of liberal thinkers; they have become largely 'socialized' through access to privilege, consumption, organization, and voting participation, as well as obtaining massive social benefits. They have become supporters of the status quo—not vociferous perhaps, but tacit approvers and beneficiaries none the less. The ferment today comes from sections of the community to whom political and social thought has never hitherto assigned any specific role; who have hitherto never developed specific political institutions of their own: youth, mostly students; racial minorities, a few dissident intellectuals—these form the new 'proletariat'. The basis of their dissatisfaction is not necessarily and always an objective level of deprivation but rather a mixture of relative deprivation—consciousness of possibilities and of the blockages which prevent their attainment—and above all an articulate dissatisfaction with the society around them. There is no good reason why such groups should not form, and act like, a proletariat in a perfectly Marxist sense. The economic causality collapses; the analysis of a decaying bourgeois society and the determination to overthrow it remain.
Nursultan Nazarbayev|My feelings of revulsion and foreboding about nuclear weapons had not changed an iota since 1945, and they have never left me. Since I was 14, the overriding objective of my life has been to prevent the occurrence of nuclear war.
John Berger|From forth the fatal loins of these two foes A pair of star-crossed lovers take their life,Whose misadventured piteous overthrows Doth with their death bury their parents’ strife. . . . O, I am fortune’s fool! . . . Then I defy you, stars.
Amy Winehouse|I don't come from a film background. I haven't learned anything about films or film-making. But I have a thirst to know everything about my profession. I want to learn about cinematography, about editing, about music recordings, about post-production. So when people in the know talk, I willingly listen.
Osho, Bliss: Living beyond happiness and misery|Hence there is no free admission to the process of enlightenment - it is always paid at a psycho-traumatic cost. Only such individuals as always already bring along much more injury than could be caused by mere cognitive attacks on their narcissistic system have an apparently free backstage pass to it. Such candidates, like the highly talented of a special type, obtain their degree in wound studies free of charge. For them psychical sacrifices that only affect the cognitive immunity-shield appear to be forms of relief - for which reason they move about in the region of obscure theory like fish in water.
Albert Camus|In a democracy the poor will have more power than the rich, because there are more of them, and the will of the majority is supreme. &It is also in the interests of a tyrant to keep his people poor, so that they may not be able to afford the cost of protecting themselves by arms and be so occupied with their daily tasks that they have no time for rebellion.
Kay Redfield Jamison, An Unquiet Mind: A Memoir of Moods and Madness|One of the advantages of science is that one's work, ultimately, is either replicated or it is not.
Gillian Deacon, Naked Imperfection: A Memoir|You can become just as hooked on sugar as on drugs, tobacco or alcohol. The sugar affects the same areas in your brain.
Unknown Author 909|She really wants to be my friend, I realize, and suddenly I feel very sorry for her. She doesn't know what a terrible thing it is she's asking for.
Deyth Banger|So I am not exactly sure what I imagine and what I remember. Is there a difference? Not much, if you ask me.
John R.W. Stott, Basic Christianity|...This is the way we should see Christ. He is our friend, our brother; He is whatever is good and beautiful. He is everything. Yet, He is still a friend and He shouts it out, "You're my friends, don't you understand that? We're brothers. I'm not...I don't hold hell in my hands. I am not threatening you. I love you. I want you to enjoy life together with me.
Les Dossey|When fear raises it's head, don't freak, look it in the eye, ask it its name and what it wants to teach you, then invite it to dance, pull it in real close and let it know that this is your life and your dance and you'll be taking the lead.
Anthony Liccione|One dream, will suffice a thousand nightmares.
Deon Potgieter|If the future truly lies in the dreams of our children, then should those dreams not be filled with light.
Susana Martinez|I think there are lots of ways to exercise ambition and accomplish things using leadership without going into elected politics. So, categorically, I have no intention of going into elected politics. None.
Rob Bell, Velvet Elvis: Repainting the Christian Faith|If anybody didn't have a messiah complex, it was Jesus
Jonathan Edwards|...but this is the real objection to that torrent of modern talk about treating crime as disease, about making prison merely a hygienic environment like a hospital, of healing sin by slow scientific methods. The fallacy of the whole thing is that evil is a matter of active choice whereas disease is not.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|He specialized in the murder of dreams, Hazel Grace...
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|He knew in that moment that falling in love with her would destroy him, and so he decided at once that he would do his damnedest to despise her.
Susan Barbara Apollon, Touched by the Extraordinary, Book Two|Filling ourselves and living with the energy of love feels wonderful. And because this energy resonates at a high vibrational level, it also attracts into our lives other high, vibrational experiences, many of which feel quite miraculous.
Rick Wright|Family life itself, that safest, most traditional, most approved of female choices, is not a sanctuary: It is, perpetually, a dangerous place.
The Covert Comic|If we get a 3D printer at the office, the first thing I’m printing with it is a new 3D printer just for me!
Lisa Kleypas, Sugar Daddy|The span of three or four minutes is pretty insignificant in the scheme of things. People lose hundreds of minutes everyday, squandering them on trivial things. But sometimes in those fragments of time, something can happen you'll remember the rest of your life.
Hans Urs von Balthasar, Prayer|Unavoidably, the life of contemplation is an everyday life, a life of fidelity in small matters, small services rendered in the spirit of warmth and love which lightens every burden. The sun’s brightness can from time to time (and perhaps often) be hidden in mist and cloud, but that is no reason for laying aside one’s daily work. Contemplation is work, and it goes on working even when the person praying derives no apparent satisfaction from it. Contemplation is a conversation in which I am at pains not to be boring, not to say and think the same thing every day; I use my imagination and creativity to offer God at least something of myself.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Behind every exquisite thing that existed, there was something tragic. World's had to be in travail, that the meanest flower might blow...
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|Forgiveness is not simply a single act, it is a full process.
Deyth Banger|Every letterthat she types;every keystrokethat she strikes-To spell your nameagain and again,is all she everwants to write.
david ibeyeomie|Planning is the key to success, course he who fails to plan has actually plan to fail
Karen Witemeyer, To Win Her Heart|Dear God, I don't want my fear to be a barrier to the blessings you are trying to bestow. Cast out my fear, and help me to trust your perfect love. But also grant me a full measure of wisdom. Do not let me be led astray by my own desires. If it is not your will that I pursue a relationship with Levi, I pray that you will stop me. Make your message so clear that I cannot argue it away. Protect me, Lord, and show me the way I should go.
Neil Gaiman, Fragile Things: Short Fictions and Wonders|On the whole, stories don't write themselves.
Eugenie Laverne Mitchell|The world is a classroom - life is the teacher and the subjects are learned everyday from the successes, failures, changes, twists, turns, surprises and contradictions - some brought about through choices and others pre-ordained by destiny.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Release The Ink|When you first meet a person, sometimes they'll pretend to be all that you like. Deception is hard to predict instantly at times, but if you hang with them for a while their true colors will eventually begin to show.
Orson Scott Card, Alvin Journeyman|By deciding that they would study only that which could be verified under controlled conditions, they had merely limited their field of endeavor. Most truth lay outside the neat confines of science....
Kris Kidd, Return to Sender|Crashing through windows I thought were open doors. Apologizing for the mess. Rationalizing my behavior in metaphors you’ll simply never understand. Learning to accept defeat. Watching you walk away from me, from us, from all of this, using every door I missed. Begging, "Please don’t leave me now, I killed those boys to make you love me.
Robin A. Dilks, Racheal Awakened|If you do nothing more in life do what you love. It may not make you rich, but it will always make you happy.
Darnell Lamont Walker, Book of She|Along with rising and falling water, winter is the province of wind. When the sea-breath and mountain-roar bend the hemlocks of these hills, the birds hang on as best they can.
Amy Sedaris, Simple Times: Crafts for Poor People|Sometimes losing a pet is more painful than losing a human because in the case of the pet, you were not pretending to love it.
Krishna Udayasankar, Three|No empire lasts forever, no dynasty continues unbroken. Some day, you and I will be mere legends. All that matters is whether we did what we could with the life that was given to us.
Christopher John Brennan, XXI Poems, 1893, 1897: Towards the Source|Know this. That the things that go into the fire are forever changed. That all you have ever done can be measured not by distance but by circumference. That these twin spirals of smoke; they are your life, rising in curls.
Noble Smith, The Wisdom of the Shire: A Short Guide to a Long and Happy Life|We'd all be lucky in life if we had the chance to experience an unexpected adventure, and then make our way back safely to a place of comfort. Sometimes the only way we can appreciate our home and the simple happiness it has to offer is to be away from it for a while.
George M.   Gilbert, Team Of One: We Believe|Every time our great Country has been critically challenged either by dictators or terrorists, we as a Country have put aside our personal agendas and focused on doing what we need to do to win when threatened.
William Goodman|Life isn't fair. It's just fairer than death, that's all.
Kerrelyn Sparks, The Undead Next Door|I'm not copying you!" Luke said. "A werewolf is totally different than a vampire! You're creepy all the time. Mine is just, like, a monthly thing....""Like PMS?" I suggested. "Shut up!
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Passion is that drive, that self-confidence, that enthusiasm that makes one to resist every obstacle that attempts to stop him from attaining his ultimate status in life and guides him to keep trying till the harvest time is due.
Ann Marston, The Western King|He knew her, and she knew him. He had no idea if the images he saw came from past or future, or both, but he knew her. Their souls were bound, had always been bound, and always would be. They were two with one soul between them, perfectly joined, perfectly fitted.
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|There is the body of history ever atop of us, and the body of memory rustling within us. Between the two, we are crushed.
Santosh Kalwar|A student: "I wonder why I did what I did, maybe it was an accident" A Teacher: "Everything is a mere accident. Be it, a love or friendship. We are born by an accident, we die by an accident, we study by an accident, and sometimes, we live by an accident. However, it is not we who perform these accidents. We are just like a remote control operated by unknown creature. But worry not; your heart makes happy accidents.
Asaad Almohammad, An Ishmael of Syria|In the mantra of shared hatred and placing the blame on Israel, our cowardice to face the barbarity of our heads of states was replaced with a divine purpose. Contemplating the manifestation of the eradication of hatred I often concluded, the entirety of the Middle East’s theocracies and dictatorships would be replaced by total anarchy. We would be left with nothing, as our brotherhood of hatred was the only bond known to us. Enculturated in the malarkey of that demagoguery, forces beyond our control and comprehension seem to deceive us into a less harmful and satisfactory logic as opposed to placing some blame on ourselves and thus, having to act to reverse that state of affairs.
Lily Gardner, A Bitch Called Hope|The Land of Civilian was a dry bitter place where you sat in your car staring at drawn curtains and closed doors for hours on end, and where everything was a big, freaking secret.
Shaun David Hutchinson, We Are the Ants|Everywhere in these days men have, in their mockery, ceased to understand that the true security is to be found in social solidarity rather than in isolated individual effort.
Sunday Adelaja|Do not look for a man to learn about the purpose of your life, but look for the creator, who is your maker
Dorothy L. Sayers, The Mind of the Maker|The making of miracles to edification was as ardently admired by pious Victorians as it was sternly discouraged by Jesus of Nazareth. Not that the Victorians were unique in this respect. Modern writers also indulge in edifying miracles though they generally prefer to use them to procure unhappy endings, by which piece of thaumaturgy they win the title of realists.
Rick Scott|I was a different kind of player as a kid and didn't do too much shouting and screaming. If things didn't go my way, I tended to get a bit overwhelmed. All I wanted to do was cry on my mom's shoulder. I didn't know how to handle defeat in front of a crowd, and I didn't want to be the loser.
George Michael, George Michael - Unplugged|The whole business is built on ego,vanity,self-satisfaction , and its total crap to pretend its not
Tana French, In the Woods|…Obviously, I have always wished I could remember what happened in that wood. The very few people who know about the whole Knocknaree thing invariably suggest, sooner or later, that I should try hypnotic regression, but for some reason I find the idea distasteful. I’m deeply suspicious of anything with a whiff of the New Age about it—not because of the practices themselves, which as far as I can tell from a safe distance may well have a lot to them, but because of the people who get involved who always seem to be the kind who corner you at parties to explain how they discovered that they are survivors and deserve to be happy. I worry that I might come out of hypnosis with that sugar-high glaze of self-satisfied enlightenment, like a seventeen-year-old who’s just discovered Kerouak, and start proselytizing strangers in pubs…
Manu Joseph, The Illicit Happiness of Other People|It is a misfortune to be in the presence of a writer, even a failed writer, to be seen by him, be his passing study and remain in his corrupt memory. It is like the insult of a corpse on the road by a war photographer.
Keith Emerson|I wanted to be an endurance athlete from a young age. I remember being in a careers class at school and saying I wanted to be a professional athlete and the teacher replying, 'You're not going to make it; it's not possible.'
D.S. Mashego|Your assignment will always be a forerunner to others’ assignments. Also, others’ assignments will always be forerunners to yours.
John Keats|Bright star, would I were steadfast as thou art--Not in lone splendour hung aloft the nightAnd watching, with eternal lids apart,Like nature's patient, sleepless Eremite.
Lemony Snicket, The Blank Book|To hear the phrase "our only hope" always makes one anxious, because it means that if the only hope doesn't work, there is nothing left.
Terry Pratchett, The Carpet People|Love is like death, it must come to us all, but to each his own unique way and time, sometimes it will be avoided, but never can it be cheated, and never will it be forgotten.
Thornton Wilder, The Ides of March|The first and last schoolmaster of life is living and committing oneself unreservedly and dangerously to living; to men who know this an Aristotle and a Plato have much to say; but those who have imposed cautions on themselves and petrified themselves in a system of ideas, them the masters themselves will lead into error
Jack Welch|When a woman earns a dollar, the payback is higher. She'll invest in her children, in their education, health care, and basic needs. The impact of a woman's role in the economy benefits society at large.
Allen Ginsberg, Howl and Other Poems|who journeyed to Denver, who died in Denver, who came back to Denver & waited in vain, who watched over Denver & brooded and loned in Denver and finally went away to find out the Time, & now Denver is lonesome for her heroes,
C.S. Lewis, The Great Divorce|Nothing, not even the best and noblest, can go on as it now is. Nothing, not even what is lowest and most bestial, will not be raised again if it submits to death. It is sown a natural body, it is raised a spiritual body. Flesh and blood cannot come to the Mountains [heaven]. Not because they are too rank, but because they are too weak. What is a Lizard compared with a stallion? Lust is a poor, weak, whimpering whispering thing compared with that richness and energy of desire which will arise when lust has been killed.
Zhang Ziyi|I think Mr. Clarke had a tendency to interfere too much with the activities of the CIA, and our leadership at the senior level let him interfere too much. So criticism from him I kind of wear as a badge of honor.
Vladimir Nabokov, Nabokov's Dozen: A Collection of Thirteen Stories‏|By this time I was nolonger very much terrified or very miserable. I had, as it were, passed thelimit of terror and despair. I felt now that my life was practically lost,and that persuasion made me capable of daring anything
Kiran|If your grip on coins of life is not strong enough than they will gradually slip away from your hands,for surely one day you will find that your hands are empty
John Locke|The liberties of our country, the freedom of our civil constitution, are worth defending against all hazards: And it is our duty to defend them against all attacks.
Debasish Mridha|This universe is alive. Every molecule is alive, but all of them have different levels of consciousness.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|I think we're raising whole generations who regard facts as more or less optional. We have kids in elementary school who are being urged to take stands on political issues, to write letters to congressmen and presidents about nuclear energy. They're not a decade old, and they're being thrown these kinds of questions that can absorb the lifetime of a very brilliant and learned man. And they're being taught that it's important to have views, and they're not being taught that it's important to know what you're talking about. It's important to hear the opposite viewpoint, and more important to learn how to distinguish why viewpoint A and viewpoint B are different, and which one has the most evidence or logic behind it. They disregard that. They hear something, they hear some rhetoric, and they run with it.
Chris Burkmenn|Your life isn't determined by your mistakes, but by your determination to keep going despite of them.
Hasan Minhaj|It's not the music you hear in your head that other people are going to hear. You have to be able to make it true enough to the image in your head, and that's where technique and technology come in, for sure, and knowledge. It's not true and will never be true that someone who knows nothing can sit in a basement and make great music.
Edward Snowden|The liberty of the individual must be thus far limited, he must not make himself a nuisance to other people.
Kathleen Prasad, Reiki for Dogs: Using Spiritual Energy to Heal and Vitalize Man's Best Friend|By simply relaxing, being quiet, breathing and having a heartfelt intention to help another being, you create a sacred space. In this space, all things are possible.
Irvine Welsh, Trainspotting|Whatever you crave for, leaves you more dissatisfied once experienced!
Shinzo Abe|My experiences have taught me a lot and I'm happy with my learnings, if not with what I went through to learn.
Leviak B. Kelly, Religion: The Ultimate STD: Living a Spiritual Life without Dogmatics or Cultural Destruction|I wanted her so badly, my heart hung out of my chest like some hound-dog's tongue, pant, pant.
Ezra Pound|The economy is a wholly owned subsidiary of the environment, not the reverse.
Richard Kadrey, Butcher Bird|If fucking up is power, I should be the Hulk by now.
Sharfaraz Ahmed|If you want to be successful, put yourself in a discomfort zone.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Infinity|His mom always said that trust was something you earned. And it wasn't something you gave easy. Too often, it was a tool your enemies used to hurt you with. 'Give them nothing, baby. Not until you have no choice. The world is harsh and it is cold. People can be good and decent, but most of them are only out for themselves and they'll hurt anyone they can'.
Ibn Kathir, Tafsir Ibnu Katsir|Allaah subhanahuu, rejects those who refused Allaah’s Shareeah; the laws that are good for the Muslims; the laws that forbid what is evil. Allaah rejects those who follow laws of personal desires and who adopt laws of Kufr such as the laws enforced by the Tartars who were under the control of Gengiz Khan, their king. These laws were﻿ a mixture of Judaism, Christianity and laws chosen by their king that suited his desires. Should we prefer these laws to the Sharee`ah of Allaah and His Prophet (sallallahu alaihi wa sallam)?
George R.R. Martin, A Storm of Swords|He who trusts the world, the world betrays him.
Kim Stanley Robinson, Icehenge|We dream, we wake on a cold hillside, we pursue the dream again. In the beginning was the dream, and the work of disenchantment never ends.
Alan W. Watts|In looking out upon the world, we forget that the world is looking at itself.
Brenda Hiatt, Rogue's Honor|Kindness isn't so difficult, when the object is worthy.
Colson Whitehead, The Underground Railroad|How could the eagle-eyed politicians of The Hague, who specialized in pointing out the tiniest specks in other people’s eyes, overlook someone riding a racist coach in their own neighborhood?
John Maxwell|Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is a spiritual experience of living every moment with love, grace and gratitude.
Henry Kissinger|Leadership is possible in all different ways, and in all different areas of life. Whether it is with friends or family, I expect them to set a great example for me, and hopefully I will do the same for them. And that is all part of being a leader.
William Shakespeare|William Shakespeare...was baptized on April 26, 1564. When he was born is disputed, but anyone who argues that it was after this date is just being difficult.
JohnA Passaro, 6 Minutes Wrestling With Life|Mr. Passaro, let me teach you about how medicine works.” He starts out.“One of two things is going to happen. Either the Doctors are going to say I told you so, or they are going to say that Jess was the exception. What you believe will determine who gets to say I told you so to whom.” “Never stop believing.” He begs me.“Doctor, you are on the team”. I say.He smiles.
Germany Kent|At the end of the day, we all live in this world together and to practice bringing peace onto social media is a huge step into bringing peace into our world.
Rob E. Boley, That Risen Snow: Snow White & Zombies|...Don't be surprised, and I say it darkly, do not be surprised if you lose your Luke in this cause; perhaps Mrs. Dudley has not yet had her own mid morning snack, and she is perfectly capable of a filet de Luke á la meuniére, or perhaps dieppoise, depending upon her mood; if I do not return" -and he shook his finger warningly under the doctor's nose- "I entreat you to regard your lunch with the gravest suspicion." Bowing extravagantly, as befitted one off to slay a giant, he closed the door behind him.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Fools|There are no other choices for you, Prince Jalan, and when there are no choices all men are equally brave.
Hayao Miyazaki, The Wind Rises|But remember this, Japanese boy... airplanes are not tools for war. They are not for making money. Airplanes are beautiful dreams. Engineers turn dreams into reality.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Cat's Cradle|Golden Rule Living is the great simplifier. It places us in another soul’s shoes, taking what can appear to be a com- plex decision that involves another and streamlining it to a one-step process of deciding, “If I wouldn’t like this done to me, then I shall not do it to another.
Emily Giffin, Heart of the Matter|In days that follow, I discover that anger is easier to handle than grief.
Andrew Louth, Discerning the Mystery: An Essay on the Nature of Theology|Science tells us what we can know, but what we can know is little, and if we forget how much we cannot know we become insensitive to many things of very great importance. Theology, on the other hand, induces a dogmatic belief that we have knowledge where in fact we have ignorance, and by doing so generates a kind of impertinent insolence towards the universe. Uncertainty, in the presence of vivid hopes and fears, is painful, but must be endured if we wish to live without the support of comforting fairy tales.
John Ortberg Jr., Everybody's Normal Till You Get to Know Them|What makes a man's 80 year-old Irish uncle skip like a little boy? "Me Father is very fond of me!
Shannon L. Alder|Prayer is not about asking what you want, but what God wants.
Art Spiegelman|We have an opportunity, but we have an obligation to senior citizens and to the younger people who are entering the workforce today to help ensure that they are going to be able to trust the government to have a workable program that benefits them as well.
Chloe Thurlow, Girl Trade|Our brain is a circuit board with neurons and terminals ready to be wired. We are born free, then programmed to obey our parents, to tell the truth, pass exams, pursue and achieve, love and propagate, age and fade unfulfilled and uncertain what it has all been for. We swallow the operating system with our mother's milk and sleepwalk into the forest of consumer illusion craving shoes, houses, cars, magazines, experiences that endorse our preconceived dreams and opinions. We grow into our parents. We becomes clones, robots, matchstick men thinking and saying the same, feeling the same, behaving the same, appreciating in books and films and art shows those things we already recognize and understand.
Noel Gallagher|I absolutely loved being famous. It was all great, up until the point when it wasn't.
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|All this time I had been trying to figure out the secrets of theuniverse, the secrets of my own body, of my own heart. All of the answers had always been soclose and yet I had always fought them without even knowing it. From the minute I’d met Dante, Ihad fallen in love with him. I just didn’t let myself know it, think it, feel it. My father was right.And it was true what my mother said. We all fight our own private wars.
Colleen Houck|You once asked me if I wanted a home and a family. I didn’t think that I’d ever want one without Yesubai, but seeing you like that in my dream, with that little baby…yeah. I want it. I want him. I want…you. I saw him, and I felt…possessive and proud. I want the life that I saw in my dream more than just a little, Kells. I thought you should know that.
Oscar Wilde, The Star-Child and Other Tales|When you're emotionally weak, but psychically smiling. When you want to be loved but can't be loved. When you try to feel special, but realize you're just one out of many. When you cry about every little obstacle and disappointment. But hey I'm fine
E.M. Forster, Where Angels Fear to Tread|For a wonderful physical tie binds the parents to the children; and—by some sad, strange irony—it does not bind us children to our parents. For if it did, if we could answer their love not with gratitude but with equal love, life would lose much of its pathos and much of its squalor, and we might be wonderfully happy.
Vladimir Nabokov, Lolita|We all have such fateful objects -- it may be a recurrent landscape in one case, a number in another -- carefully chosen by the gods to attract events of specific significance for us: here shall John always stumble; there shall Jane's heart always break.
Stefanos Livos, A Life In A Moment|That was always my fear, that perhaps books would lead me astray, teaching me about a life that didn’t match reality.
Tana French, Faithful Place|A bore or an uggo might manage not to get up anyone's nose, but if a girl's got brains and looks and personality, she's going to piss someone off, somewhere along the way.
Michael Burry|I believe that all men and women are created equal, but it took our country until 1920 to acknowledge this for women. And then it took until 1964, the year before I was born, to outlaw discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, or national origin. And same-sex marriage became the law of the land in 2015.
Sofia Reyes|If you have an imagination, welcome to the gates of Reality.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|We are flowers in the field seeking our individuality. We may seem similar but we are all unique, without exception. Everyone is special.
J. G. Ballard|I remember when I was very young, I had a fever - a long rheumatic fever in bed for four months. And in the days, I stayed alone with the maid. I only had my father's books with me. They were fantasy books about ghosts, and also books by Edgar Allen Poe that made a forever impression on me.
Wayne Jacobsen and Dave Coleman|But that's not how God views the cross, Jake. His wrath wasn't an expression of the punishment sin deserves; it was the antidote for sin and shame. The purpose of the cross, as Paul wrote of it, was for God to make his Son to become sin itself so that he could condemn sin in the likeness of human flesh and purge it from the race. His plan was not just to provide a way to forgive sin, but to destroy it so that we might live free.
Raphael Zernoff|We can allow ourselves to pass through the darkest valley without losing our light. One candle can lit millions of other candles, which are willing to receive the light.
Stefan Emunds|When we find money in the street, we happily pick it up, even if it’s just a buck, but when we bump into love, we tend to be so picky.
Sophia Amoruso, #GIRLBOSS|Though you may be paid minimum wage, to the customers you are the face of the entire company.
Greg Louganis|And I watch 'Saturday Night Live' religiously, I have since I was a little boy. I watch it basically like one of my favorite sports teams.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross|After graduation, I wanted to work for 'Sassy', which I loved, but it had folded. So I wound up at 'Seventeen' for three years on staff and two as a contributor, and I wrote these great stories that nobody ever believes 'Seventeen' does. Serious stories for teens about social justice issues - gun control, migrant farm workers.
A.P. Jensen, Unleashed|We’re pieces on a chessboard and we make our moves when it’s our turn. If we don’t, our decisions are made for us.
Tullian Tchividjian|No matter what we face, put your total faith in God, and in time - not our time, but His time - He'll bring us through.
Sandhya Jane|Life consists on lightness and darkness, when you reached to lightness, prepare your tools for darkness
Shelly Thacker, His Stolen Bride|You are a soldier. A fighter. And now you must fight. Not for the emperor, not for France . . . but for yourself.
VicDo|Holy freaking crap. A suicide bomber just detonated a bomb in my brain,
Auliq-Ice|Still, pain hurts. And most of us find it difficult, to say the least, to find gratitude in our hearts for the worst things in life.
Debasish Mridha|A fool thinks he is always right, a wise person always doubts himself.
Andrew Peterson, The Monster in the Hollows|Gnag bends things for breaking, and the Maker makes a flourish! Evil digs a pit, and the Maker makes a well! That is his way.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|As the aperture of your heart opens to love you will receive more of the light of compassion, acceptance, gentleness, grace and understanding.
Catherine Cookson, The Black Candle|And, like the prodigal son, he had returned broken in body and also in mind to the house where he had been born, and he and his child had been welcomed with open arms.
Ana Claudia Antunes, The Tao of Physical and Spiritual|If you don't take life seriously,Life will take you, seriously!
Erik Pevernagie|In the beginning was the word and the word was love and love was imagination. When love takes us through the sun-dappled garden of our imagination, no stalking horses can perturb the rainbow in our mind or fade out its bright colors reflecting in the blue sky of our memory. ("Alpha and Omega")
Christopher Isherwood, A Single Man|I certainly should have,' he agrees, smiling and thinking what an absurd and universally-accepted bit of nonsense it is, that your best friends must necessarily be the ones who best understand you. As if there weren't far too much understanding in the world already; above all, that understanding between lovers, celebrated in song and story, which is actually such torture that no two of them can bear it without frequent separations or fights.
Nihar Sharma, The Battlefield Flower|And they lived ever after, whether they were happy about it or not.
Mary Gaitskill|Muslims must speak out and explain who they are, what they believe in, what they stand for, what is the meaning of their life. They must have the courage to denounce what is said and done by certain Muslims in the name of their religion.
Aanchal Malhotra, Remnants of a Separation: A History of the Partition through Material Memory|If I considered the Partition an archeological site, and the many experiences of those who witnessed it as the site’s structural sedimentation, then the deeper I excavated, the more I found, and that too in innumerable renditions.
Anna C. Salter, Predators: Pedophiles, Rapists, And Other Sex Offenders|I should meet many people who do not know anyone personally who has been raped or molested as a child. But I can't remember seeing a newspaper without a rape or molestation charge in it somewhere, and when I ask groups how many people know someone personally with a history of molestation, almost always, every hand in the room goes up.
Kahlil Gibran|Let me, O let me bathe my soul in colours; let me swallow the sunset and drink the rainbow.
Chris Isaak|If someone were to autopsy her heart, they'd find traces of life, evidence of eons gone by. Times when she'd been able to feel and the feelings left imprints. Maybe her heart was wearing a cast. Maybe it wasn't sclerosed at all but atrophied, shrunken, and the cast enclosing it was scribbled over with stories written in a dead language. Was there any softness left in there? Any spot that was still unfired, unformed, unglazed? Was there access? Entry? A place still open to impression? No. Her heart was finished. It bore, perhaps, records of life, but it wasn't alive. Too late for decoration. Too late for effects. Further handling could only result in cracks and fractures. People could cut themselves on the edges of her heart, she was sure of it.
C.S. Lewis|Some ages are lukewarm and complacent, and then it is our business to soothe them yet faster asleep. Other ages, of which the present is one, are unbalanced and prone to faction, and it is our business to inflame them.
John Scalzi, Questions for a Soldier|Destiny gets compressed, you know, into just that small fraction of a second you have right in front of you at any one time. And there’s nothing romantic about keeping your head down to avoid getting shot, or trying to save a friend who’s been injured, or coming face to face with a creature who is as smart and mean and as terrified of dying as you are, and who wants to make sure that if someone is left on the ground there, it’s you and not it.
Sophie Kinsella, The Undomestic Goddess|Our whole family thrives under pressure. It's like our family motto or something.Apart from my brother Peter, of course. He had a nervous break down. But the rest of us.
Joseph Campbell|Without self knowledge, without understanding the working and functions of his machine, man cannot be free, he cannot govern himself and he will always remain a slave.
Paula Millhouse, Dragonstone|How much Romance do you like in your Fantasy? And, respectively, how much Questing do you like in your Romance?
Jessica Valenti, The Purity Myth: How America's Obsession with Virginity is Hurting Young Women|For women especially, virginity has become the easy answer- the morality quick fix. You can be vapid, stupid, and unethical, but so long as you've never had sex, you're a "good" (i.e. "moral) girl and therefore worthy of praise.
Captain Hank Bracker, The Exciting Story of Cuba|Tamara Bunke was the only woman to fight alongside “Che” during his Bolivian campaign. She was an East German national, born in Buenos Aires, Argentina, on November 19, 1937, of Communist activist parents. As a child, her home was frequently used for meetings, hiding weapons and conducting other Communist activities. After World War II, in 1952 she returned to Germany where she attended Humboldt University in Berlin. Tamara met “Che” Guevara when she was an attractive 23-year-old woman in Leipzig, and he was with a Cuban Trade Delegation. The two instantly hit it off as she cozied up to him and, having learned how to fight and use weapons in Pinar del Rio in western Cuba, she joined his expedition to Bolivia.Becoming a spy for the ELN, she adopted the name “Tania” and posed as a right-wing authority of South-American music and folklore. In disguise, she managed to warm up to and entice Bolivian President René Barrientos. She even went on an intimate vacation to Peru with him.
Twyla Tharp, The Creative Habit: Learn It and Use It for Life|My car broke down. Instead of AAA, I called AA by mistake. They could only move my car twelve steps.
Brian Blessed|It's important to bring things back from the Space Station because, unlike somebody living at the house where the garbage truck comes by twice a week, they don't have that in space.
Dean Wesley Smith|The mechanical clock was self-contained, and once horologists learned to drive it by means of a coiled spring rather than a falling weight, it could be miniaturized so as to be portable, whether in the household or on the person. It was this possibility of widespread private use that laid the basis for 'time discipline,' as against 'time obedience.' One can ... use public clocks to simon people for one purpose or another; but that is not punctuality. Punctuality comes from within, not from without. It is the mechanical clock that made possible, for better or worse, a civilization attentive to the passage of time, hence to productivity and performance.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|She smiled at me, and I never forgot it. Or more accurately, I always remembered it.
Rhabubarb|A shabby looking old man was walking their way. It must be a relative of one of the men, wandering in the wrong direction as they often did. Where were they going to put this one? He was wearing a pulled-down hat and he had a long beard. He was weaving towards her, his feet tripping unsteadily.Even though she could not see his face, there was something oddly familiar about him. She stared hard, trying to make it out. He put up his hand and waved. She stared again. "That's your father," said Tom.
Dinesh D'Souza, What's So Great About Christianity|If you want your ministry to have ‘it’, more important than anything else we’ve discussed, you must have ‘it’. When it has filtered through your heart - the rare combination of passion, integrity, focus, faith, expectation, drive, hunger, and God’s anointing - God tends to infuse your ministry with ‘it’. He blesses your work. People are changed. Leaders grow. Resources flow. The ministry seems to take on a life of its own.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|When an employee, a team, or a company is passionate about their products and services, I am more inclined to bring them my business. Aren’t you?
Stanley Victor Paskavich|If you want to find missing children put their photo's on Soda Cans, beer cans and cigarette packs and you'll increase the odds by millions some people are lactose in tolerate.
John Green, Paper Towns|The way I figure it, everyone gets a miracle.
Mouloud Benzadi|Be yourself, And take control of your own destiny. There is nothing more disgraceful in life, Than living someone else’s life.
OhMJ|Of all the plagues a lover bears,Sure rivals are the worstI can endure my own despair, But not another’s hope.
Philippa Gregory, The Kingmaker's Daughter|I offer you my mouth—Let me marry my lips to the tops of your thighs,I kneel between your legs. I offer you my hands—Your name written all over my palms,the fingers I press against you.I offer you my hips—My apologetic body.
Amy Andrews, Playing With Forever|Ryder cocked an eyebrow. “So that’s how you get men do your bidding.”She laughed, still looking into Tiny’s eyes. “By calling them good boy and offering them treats?”Ryder smiled. Her laugh made him happy. Hell, just looking at the woman made him happy. “Works for me.
Joan Crawford|Good grief," said Merlin. "You look like the bastard child of Dumbledore and David Bowie. No, sorry, Dumbledore and Ziggy Stardust.
John C. Stipa, No Greater Sacrifice|Renee: “The Greek government doesn’t know that I found anything that day in the temple. And they for sure wouldn’t want to know about the little mess I left behind.” She grimaced.Trout: “Little mess? You started a freakin’ cave in, you moron. Nice work by the way. Way to keep up international relations. ‘Uh, yeah, hi, I’m Renée, I’m an American. I’m here to, you know, like, drink all your wine, trash the joint, steal all your valuable shit and then bolt the country.’ Why didn’t you just drop your shorts and pee in the Parthenon?
Sunday Adelaja|So, O king, does the present life of man on earth seem to me, in comparison with the time which is unknown to us, as though a sparrow flew swiftly through the hall, coming in by one door and going out by the other, and you, the while, sat at meat with your captains and liegemen, in wintry weather, with a fire burning in your midst and heating the room, the storm raging out of doors and driving snow and rain before it. For the time for which he is within, the bird is sheltered from the storm, but after this short while of calm he flies out again into the cold and is seen no more. Thus the life of man is visible for a moment, but we know not what comes before it or follows after it.
Sunday Adelaja|When you depart from this world, you must have the confidence that you have left your footprints in the sands of time, that you were among those who fulfilled their purpose
Rosalind Coward, Sacred Cows: Is Feminism Relevant To The New Millennium?|The old 'qualities' of masculinity - a narrow focus on life, domestic incompetence signalling a mind on higher things, emotional reserve and acts of endurance - have become absurdities, signs more of incompetence, insensitivity, lack of intelligence than of strength.
Nancy Horan, Loving Frank|Tell her happiness is just practice," he said. "If only she acted happy, she would be happy.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Lord, open my ears to receive good counsel, allow my head to accept it and enable my person to carry it out.
Ellen Bass, Like a Beggar|This choreography of ruin, the world breakinglike glass under a microscope,the way it doesn’t crack all at once,but spreads out from the damaged cavities.Still for a moment it all recedes.The backyard potatoes swell quietlyburied beneath their canopy of leaves.The wind rubs its hands through the trees.
Tahir Shah, In Search of King Solomon's Mines|Usually, there is nothing more pleasing that returning to a place where you have endured hardship.
Charles Baudelaire, Les Fleurs Du Mal|My love, do you recall the object which we saw,That fair, sweet, summer morn!At a turn in the path a foul carcassOn a gravel strewn bed,Its legs raised in the air, like a lustful woman,Burning and dripping with poisons,Displayed in a shameless, nonchalant wayIts belly, swollen with gases.
Liu Xiaobo|Nothing is more memorable than a smell. One scent can be unexpected, momentary and fleeting, yet conjure up a childhood summer beside a lake in the mountains.
Christopher Moore, Practical Demonkeeping|By Aladdin's lamplit scrotum, man! Everything is a story. What is there but stories? Stories are the only truth.
Allen Klein|In looking for humor, keep in mind this guideline: Sometimes it takes a little time to see the humor in your upsets; you may not find something to laugh about immediately.
Calvin Trillin|Urban conservationists may feel entitled to be unconcerned about food production because they are not farmers. But they can't be let off so easily, for they are all farming by proxy.
Nâzım Hikmet, Poems of Nazım Hikmet|Believe in seeds, earth, and the sea, but in people above all. Love clouds, machines, and books, but people above all. Grievefor the withering branch, the dying star,and the hurt animal, but feel for people above all.Rejoice in all the earth's blessings-darkness and light, the four seasons, but people abov
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|You dare travel on sacred road, although you may not know the end.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|We study the past ecological history, with the conscience of the present ecological conditions. The key to predict future aquatic ecosystem changes.
Olivier A. Blanchard|Receiving, gratitude, and generosity all grow together.
Tom Cotton|One sign of a great actor is when he can be alone by himself on the screen, doing almost nothing, and producing one of a film's defining moments.
Tonny K. Brown|The sins of the Fathers that are visited upon the Sons is not ignorance, but indifference to the truth.
Shannon L. Alder|In order to be authentic, you have to make decisions based on what you want, rather than how it will be perceived.
Sara Gruen, Water for Elephants|What is the point of searching for love, when love is nothing but an illusion?
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|But thoughtless ingratitude is the armour of the young; without it, how would they ever get through life? The old wish the young well, but they wish them ill also: they would like to eat them up, and absorb their vitality, and remain immortal themselves. Without the protection of surliness and levity, all children would be crushed by the past - the past of others, loaded on their shoulders. Selfishness is their saving grace.
Howard Gardner|My free time at home is usually spent emailing, listening to music, reading and talking on the phone. I wish I was on the phone less, but I have been fortunate to stay in touch with so many incredible friends.
Meg Wolitzer, Sleepwalking|Until there is no longer the possibility of sadness, of isolation, there can be no gravity. We all float by, rootless, taking clumsy astronaut steps and calling it progress.
Lord Salisbury|Instead of looking at life as a narrowing funnel, we can see it ever widening to choose the things we want to do, to take the wisdom we've learned and create something.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|The desired shape of your dreams is different from the supposed shape of another person’s dream. When shaping your own, you may watch the process of another person’s dreams, but keep eyes away from the destination.
Malti Bhojwani, Don't Think Of a Blue Ball|In every competition, it's not just a great deal of talent that you need. Everyone who joins have that or else they would not be so confident to be in the race. Focus though is the one thing that most people don't have. So you have to stay the most focused. Do not stray from your goal. If you want to win the game, you have to be in the game.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|LoveHas a way of wiltingOr blossomingAt the strangest,Most unpredictable hour.This is how love is,An uncontrollable beastIn the form of a flower.
Immanuel Kant, Critique of Pure Reason|Thoughts without content are empty, intuitions without concepts are blind.
Mandeq Ahmed|there have been morningsso quiet and tenderlike a poem, on Thursday's lipsthat I wonderedif I'd been kissed at all...
Margaret Wise Brown, Goodnight Moon|In the great green room, there was a telephoneAnd a red balloonAnd a picture of a cat jumping over the moon...
Helen Hayes|It takes both courage and talent to stand up in front of fellow human beings and make them crack a smile, and at the same time keep it clean.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Journey to the End of the Night|How sad, however, if we're givenOur youth as something to betray,And what if youth in turn is drivenTo cheat on us, each hour, each day,If our most precious aspirations,Our freshest dreams, imaginationsIn fast succession have decayed,As leaves, in putrid autumn, fade.It is too much to see before oneNothing but dinners in a row,Behind the seemly crowd to go,Regarding life as mere decorum,Having no common views to share,Nor passions that one might declare.
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|Joie," he said with his lips hovering over mine. "What?" I felt my heart flutter. "Shut up," he muttered and then he kissed me.
Elisabeth Elliot, Passion and Purity: Learning to Bring Your Love Life Under Christ's Control|I took it for granted that there must be a few men left in the world who had that kind of strength. I assumed that those men would also be looking for women with principle. I did not want to be among the marked-down goods on the bargain table, cheap because they’d been pawed over. Crowds collect there. It is only the few who will pay full price. "You get what you pay for.
Henry David Thoreau|In what concerns you much, do not think that you have companions: know that you are alone in the world. 
whoknows, Indestructible|You wanna love me for the rest of your life?”“Baby, I’m gonna love you for the rest of my life,” Harry says, pressing a quick, careful kiss to the corner of Louis’ mouth. “I just hope that you want to be loved by me for the rest of your life.
Peter J. Leithart|The Triune God is in the world, nearer to us than we are to ourselves, yet the world is also encompassed by his loving presence. He does have the whole world in his hands, even while he inhabits the whole world. For Christians, being saved means being caught up into this communion, indwelled by God and indwelling in him, and being opened up so that other people have room in us and we in them.
I Love the way you love me|Most intellectual training focuses on analytical skills. Whether in literary criticism or scientific investigation, the academic mind is best at taking things apart. The complementary arts of integration are far less well developed. This problem is at the core of human ecology. As with any interdisciplinary pursuit, it is the bridging across disparate ways of knowing that is the constant challenge.
D.D. Barant, Dying Bites|I don't do romance, in the same way I don't do heroin Russian roulette, or nude alligator wrestling. I consider all of the above self-destructive, and demeaning and these are things up with which I will not put.
Craig Silvey, Jasper Jones|Well, see, I think it's that most people don't like that lonely feeling. People don't like looking up and feeling small or lost. That's what I think prayer is all about. It doesn't matter which stories they believe in, they're all doing the same thing, kind of casting a line out to outer space, like there's something out there to connect to. It's like people make themselves part of something bigger that way, and maybe it makes them less afraid.
Ellen Datlow|I still worry that I could be better. That's where standards come from, from not wanting to settle. The fear of not being good enough propels you.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|...the phone rang.When the phone rang so early in the morning, it oftentimes meant somebody was dead. An elderly person had passed in the night. A Friday night traffic fatality. The families of deceased would set about the task of notifying family and friends, and somewhere among the sad litany of phone calls, they dialed our number.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|Without a measure of anger against injustice, a person, a society or a whole nation would have to live perpetually under the bondage of injustice.
Muriel Spark, The Girls of Slender Means|it never really occurred to her that literary men, if they like women at all, do not want literary women but girls.
Deyth Banger|I love Sara, but something was taken from me at the church, something that she can’t relate to. Every time I walk outside I think maybe someone is going to grab me. I take a sip of a glass of water I got out of my own tap and swish it around in my mouth first, like maybe it’s a threat. And I’m starting to understand why Alex walks around on the balls of her feet, why her back muscles are always tensed, like a cat ready to spring.She knows. She gets it. So that’s why I’m going to tell Sara that I’m okay and leave it at that.
Geraldine Brooks, The Secret Chord|Bold didn’t know what he felt, it changed minute by minute.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self-Reliance and Other Essays|I do not wish to expiate, but to live. My life is not an apology, but a life.
James Lee Burke, Crusader's Cross|... forty's nothing, at fifty you're in your prime, sixty's the new forty, and so on.
Deborah Smith, Alice at Heart|I don't believe in pessimism. If something doesn't come up the way you want, forge ahead. If you think it's going to rain, it will.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World / Brave New World Revisited|No one is too far away to be cared for, or to care.
Sally Mann|The hardest part is setting the camera on the tripod, or making the decision to bring the camera out of the car, or just raising the camera to your face, believing, by those actions, that whatever you find before you, whatever you find there, is going to be good.
William Makepeace Thackeray, Vanity Fair|If a man's character is to be abused, say what you will, there's nobody like a relative to do the business.
Steve Maraboli|We cleave our way through the mountains until the interstate dips into a wide basin brimming with blue sky, broken by dusty roads and rocky saddles strung out along the southern horizon. This is our first real glimpse of the famous big-sky country to come, and I couldn't care less. For all its grandeur, the landscape does not move me. And why should it? The sky may be big, it may be blue and limitless and full of promise, but it's also really far away. Really, it's just an illusion. I've been wasting my time. We've all been wasting our time. What good is all this grandeur if it's impermanent, what good all of this promise if it's only fleeting? Who wants to live in a world where suffering is the only thing that lasts, a place where every single thing that ever meant the world to you can be stripped away in an instant? And it will be stripped away, so don't fool yourself. If you're lucky, your life will erode slowly with the ruinous effects of time or recede like the glaciers that carved this land, and you will be left alone to sift through the detritus. If you are unlucky, your world will be snatched out from beneath you like a rug, and you'll be left with nowhere to stand and nothing to stand on. Either way, you're screwed. So why bother? Why grunt and sweat and weep your way through the myriad obstacles, why love, dream, care, when you're only inviting disaster? I'm done answering the call of whippoorwills, the call of smiling faces and fireplaces and cozy rooms. You won't find me building any more nests among the rose blooms. Too many thorns.
Arjun Kapoor|My grandmother would start making her meat sauce at 7 in the morning on Sunday, and within five or six hours, that smell would be all through the house.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|Um..." Hazel faltered. "You mean you won't... you're not going to-" "Claim your life?" Thantos asked. "Well, let's see..."  He pulled a pure-black iPad from thin air. Death, tapped the screen a few times, and all Frank could think was: Please don't let there be an app for reaping souls.  "I don't see you on the list," Thantos said. "Pluto gives me specific orders for escaped souls, you see. For some reason, he has not issued a warrant for yours. Perhaps he feels your life is not finished, or it could be n oversight. If you'd like me to call and ask-" "No!" Hazel yelped. "That's okay." "Are you sure?" Death asked helpfully. "I have video-conferencing enabled. I have his Skype address here somewhere...
Alex Gino|Kelly took a deep breath. "And I'm sorry I ignored you last week." She scratched her neck. "And you know what? If you think you're a girl..."George braced for Kelly's next words."Then I think you're a girl too!
Lemony Snicket, Horseradish|If writers wrote as carelessly as some people talk, then adhasdh asdglaseuyt[bn[ pasdlgkhasdfasdf.
Alex Potvin, Half-Pipe to Hell|People don’t always value life, even their own, as much as they should.
Marina Abromovic|A lot of my characters are underdogs or sad or lonely, but I had a comfortable, golden sort of childhood.
Dean Koontz, Forever Odd|It's not time that is passing by after all, it's you and I
Jeffrie G. Murphy, Getting Even: Forgiveness and Its Limits|It is not unreasonable to want repentance from a wrongdoer before forgiving that wrongdoer, since, in the absence of repentance, hasty forgiveness may harm both the forgiver and the wrongdoer. The forgiver may be harmed by a failure to show self-respect. The wrongdoer may be harmed by being deprived of an important incentive - the desire to be forgiven - that could move him toward repentance and moral rebirth.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Who you are when you have no power to say anything, and who you become when you have power to say everything will determine whether you are a leader or not.
Teresa R. Funke, Bursts of Brilliance for a Creative Life blog|As with everything else, the more we separate ourselves from each other, the weaker we become.
Sunday Adelaja|Everything about a person may not be perfect, but there are somethings in every person that deserve our respect.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|It is only when you are confident about your own self, that the society begins to hail you the way you want.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|I celebrate myself, and sing myself, And what I assume you shall assume,For every atom belonging to me as good belongs to you.
Ailyn Perez|I love 'White Christmas.' That's one of my favorites just because I love the music. I love the story, Bing Crosby. It's just one of my all time favorites. And it's hard to have a Christmas without seeing a little bit of Jimmy Stewart and angels running around town.
W.E.B. Du Bois|A first-rate college library with a comfortable campus around it is a fine milieu for a writer. There is, of course, the problem of educating the young. I remember how once, between terms, not at Cornell, a student brought a transistor set with him into the reading room. He managed to state that one, he was playing “classical” music; that two, he was doing it “softly”; and that three, “there were not many readers around in summer.” I was there, a one-man multitude.
Robert Osborne|We used to indulge hopelessly as a family at Christmas. When the children were little, I dressed up as Father Christmas. They knew it was a gag, but they loved it. I remember stealing into their bedrooms at 1 A.M. and filling the stockings up at the end of the bed.
Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man|Belief is one of the most powerful organic forces in the multiverse. It may not be able to move mountains, exactly. But it can create someone who can.People get exactly the wrong idea about belief. They think it works back to front. They think the sequence is, first object, then belief. In fact, it works the other way.
Dries van Noten|I became an art major, took every art class my school had to offer. In college, I majored in Advertising Art and Design.
Lisa See|If it had been a great necessity, if it had been contingents of an army meeting to overwhelm the enemy by stealth, it might not have worked out so neatly. But fate it would seem is a perfect strategist and will work miracles of timing to assist our destruction.
C. JoyBell C.|Be wiser than most, be a child in your heart, be a sage in your mind and a mage with your hands. Feel hearts beating, hear the flapping of birds' wings. Heal the broken, embrace the vulnerable. Speak to the living trees. Be pulled down by no one, and by nothing. This is how to be a Goddess.
Richard Avedon|Time is only an idea. There is only the Reality. Whatever you think it is, it looks like that. If you call it time, it is time. If you call it existence, it is existence, and so on. After calling it time, you divide it into days and nights, months, years, hours, minutes, etc. Time is immaterial for the Path of Knowledge.
Brooklyn June, This Game Has No Loyalty|Poets must be grounded in the education of the arts, drama, history, mysticism, esotericism, and philosophy. To gain knowledge and become learned of the above is easy - read. Poets should apply this knowledge to their work, so a poet will advance to the next level, to their next phase of their emotional, psychological and spiritual development, growing in years in a short space of time, in hours or months if he or she is an avid reader. This knowledge will birth work that is not meretricious but of noble parentage.
Elizabeth Morgan, Creak|All women should feel as Sex Subjects if they want and choose so without fear of repressions, condemnations and put down and without the need to pay them for that.Being freely a sexy and seductive woman is allowed only for few privileged professions: actresses, dancers, models, singers, prostitutes. They all do it for work. You can pay for them being sexy.If a sexy woman is openly adored by a man, the woman remains as a woman, she is not turning into a table, a cup or a bill of money. She is still the Subject who knows her power.
Z.A. Maxfield, Crossing Borders|One must not be afraid of a little silence. Some find silence awkward or oppressive. But a relaxed approach to dialogue will include the welcoming of some silence. It is often a devastating question to ask oneself, but it is sometimes important to ask it - 'In saying what I have in mind will I really improve on the silence?
Leah Kaminsky, The Waiting Room|Loving each other began with longing, weaving her loneliness into his.
Laura Smith|Green light,” she called, and I watched Becky run ahead until she was just a few inches from Michelle. Kayla was right next to her. Just as she reached out to tag Michelle, Kayla pushed into Becky’s back hard, and Becky flew forward.I gasped. Michelle turned around as Kayla tagged her arm. Becky fell at Michelle’s feet. She wrapped her arms around Michelle’s legs to catch herself. Michelle fell forward onto her knees, and Becky bumped her mouth against Michelle’s shoe.“Time!” I called, stopping the game.“Sis, you all right?” Heather asked Michelle.Michelle didn’t answer. She looked at Becky who was on her knees, staring at the ground. “You okay?” I asked Becky.She started to cry. I didn’t know if she really was hurt or just looking for attention. I sighed and looked away, waiting for her to start screaming her head off.Luke ran over to us. He looked at her, pointed, and cried, “Beck, you’re bleeding!”I looked up. Blood was trickling out of her mouth. She gasped. I glared at Luke for scaring her. He closed his mouth. Becky opened hers wider.“Kayla, why are you such a little brat?” asked Michelle, slapping off the grass stuck to her knees. “It was an accident!” Kayla insisted.“Yeah right!” Michelle yelled, “You just wanted to win! It’s just a game!” Kayla stood there looking guilty. I looked at Becky and noticed that one of her teeth was missing. I looked down, found a piece of white on the ground, and picked it up with my thumb and pointer finger. It was Becky’s tooth.“Becky, look!” I said, holding it up, “You lost your first tooth!”- The Castle Park Kids
Stephen Fry, Moab Is My Washpot|No adolescent ever wants to be understood, which is why they complain about being misunderstood all the time.
James Clarke, Every-Day Religion|What quantities evil - the amount of blood spilled the body count, the intentional destruction of innocent masses? Regardless of how evil is defined, there will always be those in power to discriminately judge it and their corrupt policing forces that enforce it.
Raquel Cepeda, Bird of Paradise: How I Became Latina|To me, travel is more valuable than any stupid piece of bling money can buy.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Time cannot be managed. It’s going to pass you by, whether or not you are trying to manage it.
Donald Bren|I think in America there's this free flow between fashion, art, architecture, music and design. In Europe, it's more segregated between those different disciplines, I think.
David D. Burns|Some want to be owned, and some want to be saved. Only some want to exist in the glow of contentment.
Susan  Kaye, None But You|You must feed them, Anne, else they eat their toys.
J.P. Donleavy, The Ginger Man|No one can pretend that because a people may be oppressed, every individual member is virtuous and worthy.
Taylor Swift|If they don't like you for being yourself, be yourself even more.
Samantha Young, Hero|For the longest time my company is what got me up in the morning. It was what motivated me every second of every day. Since the moment you started working for me, you are what has gotten me up in the morning. You are what motivates me every second of every day. And still I want more from you. Tomorrow the day is all ours, because I want to talk to you about something.
Phil McGraw|Buonaparte has often made his boast that our fleet would be worn out by keeping the sea and that his was kept in order and increasing by staying in port; but know he finds, I fancy, if Emperors hear the truth, that his fleet suffers more in a night than ours in one year.
Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go|What I'm not sure about, is if our lives have been so different from the lives of the people we save. We all complete. Maybe none of us really understand what we've lived through, or feel we've had enough time.
Denis Johnson, Tree of Smoke|While this America settles in the mould of its vulgarity, heavily thickening to empire, I And protest, only a bubble in the molten mass, pops and sighs out, and the mass hardens, I sadly smiling remember that the flower fades to make fruit, the fruit rots to make earth. Qut of the mother; and through the spring exultances, ripeness and decadence; and home to the mother. You making haste haste on decay: not blameworthy; life is good, be it stubbornly long or suddenly A mortal splendor: meteors are not needed less than mountains: shine, perishing republic. But for my children. I would have them keep their dis-tance from the thickening center; corruption.Never has been compulsory, when the cities lie at the monster’s feet there are left the mountajns. And boys, be in nothing so moderate as in love of man, a clever servant, insufferable master. There is the trap that catches noblest spirits, that caught -–they say--God, when he walked on earth.
Anastasia Bolinder|I think of myself first as a singer, meaning an interpreter. Then I think of myself as a writer. It is an outlet I have to have. I get very hard to live with without something happening to write about.
Arthur Conan Doyle|It may be that you are not yourself luminous, but that you are a conductor of light. Some people without possessing genius have a remarkable power of stimulating it.
Maxime Trencavel, The Matriarch Matrix|When they explore opportunity cost of black blood I hear ancient corridors survived on the neck of ancient souls Satellite empires, the oversight dark forces
Dodie Smith|Has anybody ever seen a drama critic in the daytime? Of course not. They come out after dark, up to no good.
Ursula Hegi, Hotel of the Saints|Generally, crises were Mom's domain. Dad's job was to listen, nod, act curmudgeonly, and offer to pay for things.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|These three ladies disliked and distrusted one another as heartily as the First Triumvirate of Rome, and their close alliance was probably for the same reason.
Billie Holiday|Drawing is the only thing I've found in which I can lose myself completely. I love it. It started as something that relaxed me, but now it's a struggle because I'm pushing myself. The day-to-day sketching is fraught.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|When you have doubts about God, the right position to take is agnosticism, atheism is outright arrogance
Mohith Agadi|Good and Bad are like God and Devil. It's up to you, who do you want to summon.
Anthony T Hincks|Beauty is seeing,the world through colored glass,of seeing everything in its glory,it's all it ever asks.
Bill Courtney, Against the Grain: A Coach's Wisdom on Character, Faith, Family, and Love|In our community, we have a duty to strengthen the weakest among us to build a better society.
Simone Elkeles, Leaving Paradise|Sometimes you have to steer away from the crowd in order to be a better person. It's not always easy, that's for sure. But it's right. And sometimes doing the right thing feels good, even if it does end up in a trip to the principal's office.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|real silence is silence without words, silence that speaks words in silence and silence that talks better than words
Leslie Knope|We need to remember what's important in life: friends, waffles, work. Or waffles, friends, work. Doesn't matter, but work is third.
A.J. Styles|I went through a brief phase when I thought of other career options: being an air hostess and even a psychologist. But eventually, my destiny led me to acting. Moreover, my dad being an actor, I have grown up in a very filmi environment. I was encouraged to watch films since I was a child.
Sean Thomas Dougherty, Sasha Sings the Laundry on the Line|When you were strung outand I kissed youI imagined your moutha mound of cocaine,inhaling your breathlike powder as I pushed into you and you pulledme with your bruised thighs.Some nights we fucked soslowly I dissolvedlike a Quaalude in a glassof vodka, and you drankme down. We kept the room dark,so we could not seeeach other with our eyesrolled back - or was itbecause we did not wantto see ourselves.It's taken me too long to thinkof that, the way we neverthought the other would go,and then one nightI woke upsoberand yes,still there.
Molly Friedenfeld|If anything viewed as negative has happened on your journey thus far, turn the page, create a new chapter, and write your own positive story. Then, bless humanity with the wisdom you have gained by traveling through the experience.
George Eliot|Our dead are never dead to us, until we have forgotten them.
Madison Thorne Grey, Sustenance|The tale of love and power was a continuum, much like the white carousel just outside of Acronis's hall. It turned around and around. Acronis was tired of the spin."-Madison Thorne Grey, Sustenance
Irfan Haidar|Stars, Seas, Mountains, Bridges, Roads and Tunnels Are Manmade.
Milan Kundera, The Joke|The main dry storage room of Sin du Jour is filled with a light unseen on Earth since a time of abject innocence.And that was long ago, indeed.
Cee Tee Jackson|Do not feed that beggar. Hamlet, lie down.” The dog ignored her.“Down,” Viktor ordered, his deep voice stern. The dog whined and then lay down. The prince looked at her. “You need to be more forceful.”“I suppose my forcefulness will improve once my voice changes. Sopranos get no respect.
Richard Davenport-Hines, Universal Man: The Seven Lives of John Maynard Keynes|No university in the world has ever risen to greatness without a correspondingly great library ... When this is no longer true, then will our civilization have come to an end.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|We are like waves in the ocean, each with a unique character and quality on the surface, but deep down we are eternally connected to one another and to the ocean as a whole. If you practice looking beyond the surface of appearances, you will begin to see the true Being that lies within each form. You will see your Consciousness looking through the eyes of another, and it is when you see yourself in another that you cannot help but develop compassion for them; because in Truth, there is no “them,” there is only YOU, experiencing yourself from an inconceivable amount of perspectives.
Gayle Forman, Just One Night|By the time you have a platform for saying what you want, you’ve already become part of the system. It’s how it works.
Rebecca Donovan, Reason to Breathe|Velvet looks horrified. “If you are fool enough to address King R’jan, you will do it thus and in no other manner! ‘My King, Liege, Lord, and Master, your servant begs you grant it leave to speak.’”“Wow. Totally delusionary there.”“Good luck with that,” Ryodan says. “She doesn't beg to speak, or do anything else. You can lock her up, down, and sideways and it’s never going to happen.”I beam at him. I had no idea he thought so highly of me.
Albert Camus|The evil that is in the world almost always comes from ignorance, and good intentions may do as much harm as malevolence if they lack understanding.
Kiera Cass, The Selection|She looked at her note cards and took a breath. "Why I Love America, by Hayley McDonald's. America is the greatest group of countries in the world because we have freedom. In countries like France, where the Government isn't privatized, they still have to pay tax and do whatever the Government says, which would really suck. In USA countries, we respect individual rights and let people do whatever they want.
Germaine Greer|To say that any people are not fit for freedom, is to make poverty their choice, and to say they had rather be loaded with taxes than not.
Marty Rubin|Political writing in our time consists almost entirely of prefabricated phrases bolted together like the pieces of a child's Meccano set. It is the unavoidable result of self-censorship. To write in plain, vigorous language one has to think fearlessly, and if one thinks fearlessly one cannot be politically orthodox.
Susan Bass Marcus, Dragons Return|There was a time, before the battles between men and dragons, when the Veiled Valley was green and covered with trees, berry bushes, and wildflowers. Birdsong filled the air from early morning until sunset. Sunriseside, a mountain poked its peak above a vast, dark forrest. At the base of its tree-covered slopes, far below our ancestors' cave, a lodge housed a large family of Valley folk.
Jonathan Maberry, Dust & Decay|Nix still held Benny's hand, and her grip tightened to an almost crushing force, grinding his hand bones together. It hurt, but Benny would rather have cut that hand off than take it back at that moment. If it would help Nix through this, he'd give her a pair of pliers and a vise so she could do a proper job.
Yolanda A.  Reid, Porridge and Cucu: My Childhood|I lit a fire and sat there in my rocking chair. We lit a candle for him. It was as simple as that. I knew that what I had done may have been a catalyst in Danny's death, but I also knew that there was really nothing else I could have done. I can never really lose that feeling. I wasn't guilty, but I felt responsible in a way. It's part of what I do. Managing the band and taking care of the music is very painful at times. It's a sad story. A moment I will never forget, years I can never replace, music the world will never hear, all gone in the turning of a second.
J. Sheridan Le Fanu, Carmilla|He fills me with horror and I do not hate him. How can I hate him, Raoul? Think of Erik at my feet, in the house on the lake, underground. He accuses himself, he curses himself, he implores my forgiveness!...He confesses his cheat. He loves me! He lays at my feet an immense and tragic love. ... He has carried me off for love!...He has imprisoned me with him, underground, for love!...But he respects me: he crawls, he moans, he weeps!...And, when I stood up, Raoul, and told him that I could only despise him if he did not, then and there, give me my liberty...he offered it...he offered to show me the mysterious road...Only...only he rose too...and I was made to remember that, though he was not an angel, nor a ghost, nor a genius, he remained the voice...for he sang. And I listened ... and stayed!...That night, we did not exchange another word. He sang me to sleep.
Walter Mosley|I destroyed that doll, hoping the sacrifice would somehow reverse time and bring my father back. I was a mad scientist and an angry child.
Swedish Proverb|Love me when I least deserve it, because that's when I really need it.
Irwin Corey|If we don’t change direction soon, we’ll end up where we’re going.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|It is yin and yang. Light is the left hand of darkness... how did it go? Light, dark. Fear, courage. Cold, warmth. Female, male. It is yourself, Therem. Both and one. A shadow on snow.
Augustine of Hippo, Daily Readings with St. Augustine|Let the Lord your God be your hope – seek for nothing else from him, but let him himself be your hope. There are people who hope from him riches or perishable and transitory honours, in short they hope to get from God things which are not God himself.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Writing things was important, wasn't it? Nakata asked.'Yes, it was. The process of writing was important. Even though the finished product is completely meaningless.
Natalya Vorobyova|What else can you tell me?” Dad stares at me. “What have you learned while you were awake?”I learned that life is so, so fragile. I learned that you can know someone for just days and never forget the impression he left on you. I learned that art can be beautiful and sad at the same time. I learned that if someone loves you, he’ll wait for you to love him back. I learned that how much you want something doesn’t determine whether you get it or not, that “no” might not be enough, that life isn’t fair, that my parents can’t save me, that maybe no one can. “Nothing much,” I mutter.
Taylor Patton|Sometimes my helpless blood runs numb and, if only for a second, I forget how frail bones can be.
Isaac Newton|A day will come when other Israelis will be launched into space in the service of science and progress. For them and for us, Ilan Ramon will always be a source of inspiration as Israel's space pioneer, and his memory will be engraved in our hearts forever.
Chinonye J. Chidolue|As we grow and progress in life, a lot of things and people need to be left behind. Not for malice but as a necessity!
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|Asking questions opens up new doors, new opportunities, and new ideas. It helps you think, create, and discover.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil|Christianity gave Eros poison to drink; he did not die of it, certainly, but degenerated to Vice.
Prerna Varma, The Dumb and the Dumbfounded|It's strange how deliberate people are after a death. All the indecision suddenly vanishes into clear, defined moments - changing the linens, choosing a dress or a hymn, the washing up, the muttering of prayers. All the small, simple, conscious acts of living a sudden defense against the dying we do every day.
Angie karan|He explained that ethics are the principles or rules for how we act in the world... 'The thing is, it doesn't matter whether or not (she) had it coming... What does matter is your behavior, not hers. Your ethics, not hers. The way you conduct yourself, not the way she conducts herself... We all must learn to act, not react.
Melody J. Bremen, The Boy Who Painted the World|I’d figured out that it wasn’t just about food and shelter. Obviously, that was important, butit was the people that I met, the people who made a difference, that kept me going.That made my world.
DarknessAndLight, I Sold Myself To The Devil For Vinyls... Pitiful I Know|But I can't translate it the right way, that's why I always use so many languages around you, because there're some things that simply can't translate, that are beautiful when you read them the original way.
Carol A. Elliott|People don't get gentler as they get older but rather, harder.
Dennis Canfield, Back to Christmas|Sometimes, crazy is exactly what we need.
Jean de La Fontaine|Don't ever criticize yourself. Don't go around all day long thinking, 'I'm unattractive, I'm slow, I'm not as smart as my brother.' God wasn't having a bad day when he made you... If you don't love yourself in the right way, you can't love your neighbour. You can't be as good as you are supposed to be.
Jani Ortlund, Fearlessly Feminine|When we mother well, we teach our children to embrace the moral obligations that build solid relationships, healthy marriages, and secure families.
Edith Wharton, The Custom of the Country|It was cruel. Like opening a birdcage to let the bird fly out, whilst all the while it's tethered by the leg, and freedom is only an illusion.
Terry Pratchett|Books must be treated with respect, we feel that in our bones, because words have power. Bring enough words together they can bend space and time.
Thomas Carlyle|War is a quarrel between two thieves too cowardly to fight their own battle; therefore they take boys from one village and another village, stick them into uniforms, equip them with guns, and let them loose like wild beasts against one other.
Holly Hood, Ink|Think of it as a life experience," I mumbled. "Isn't your dad always saying we need more of that?""I don't think prancing around PJ Jamieson's pool in our underwear is exactly what he had in mind.
Jalaluddin Rumi|It takes time, or does time take it?
Libba Bray, Lair of Dreams|America had invented itself. It continued to invent itself as it went along. Sometimes its virtues made it the envy of the world. Sometimes it betrayed the very heart of its ideals. Sometimes the people dispensed with what was difficult or inconvenient to acknowledge. So the good people maintained the illusion of democracy and wrote another hymn to America. They sang loud enough to drown out dissent. They sang loud enough to overpower their own doubts. There were no plaques to commemorate mistakes. But the past didn’t forget. History was haunted by the ghosts of buried crimes, which required period exorcisms of truth. Actions had consequences.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The feet of the Christian need to tread the narrow path that the Savior trod, keeping in step with Him.
Victor Manuel Rivera, In Search of True Freedom|It is not about knowing, but about living.
Sean Carroll, The Particle at the End of the Universe: How the Hunt for the Higgs Boson Leads Us to the Edge of a New World|Surely, the gods' judgment is certain. But as for us, we must be satisfied to 'come close' to those things, for we are men, who speak according to what is likely, and whose lectures resemble fables.
Marilyn Johnson, This Book Is Overdue!: How Librarians and Cybrarians Can Save Us All|Touching him, kissing him, was like having a fever all over again. I was on fire. My body burned. The world burned. Sparks flew. Against his mouth, I moaned.There was a POP! and CRACK!The smell of burned plastic filled the cubicle. We pulled apart, breathing heavily. Over his shoulder I saw thin strips of smoke wafting from the top of the ancient monitor. Good God, was this going to happen every time we kissed?
Warren Farrell|I think a smile can make your whole body. Models, they look fabulous, but they don't smile, and they look so mad.
Jean Genet, The Thief's Journal|Sentimentalist” is the abuse with which people counter the accusation that they are cruel, thereby implying that to be sentimental is worse than to be cruel, which it isn’t.
Frank B. Kellogg|Fascism is a worldwide disease. Its greatest threat to the United States will come after the war, either via Latin America or within the United States itself.
D. H. Lawrence|The artist must create a spark before he can make a fire and before art is born, the artist must be ready to be consumed by the fire of his own creation.
Lisa Wingate|Your children are the greatest gift God will give to you, and their souls the heaviest responsibility He will place in your hands. Take time with them, teach them to have faith in God. Be a person in whom they can have faith. When you are old, nothing else you've done will have mattered as much.
Søren Kierkegaard|In love with myself, that is what people say I am. It doesn’t surprise me, for how could they notice that I can love when I love only you; how could anyone else suspect it when I love only you? In love with myself. Why? Because I’m in love with you, because it is you I love, you alone, and all that truly belongs to you, and it is thus I love myself, because this, my self, belongs to you, so that if I ceased loving you I would cease loving myself. What then is, in the eyes of the profane world, an expression of the greatest egoism, is for your initiated eyes the expression of purest sympathy; what in the profane eyes of the world is an expression of the most prosaic self-preservation, is for your sacred sight the expression of the most enthusiastic self-annihilation.”―Johannes de Silentio, from_Either/Or: A Fragment of Life_
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Unlike wealth, there is an infinite value in legacy.
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi|When 'Men's Health' reached out and said, 'Will you be on the 'Today Show' and do a fitness challenge?' I said, 'OK. I'm not showing them anything they don't already know.' But I'm going to take what some would argue is a negative or not substantive and turn it into a substantive thing to hopefully do some good for people.
Tim Gilmore|Behind a barbed-wire fence, a dirt road disappears into the distance in the pine trees and corners. Lost, dead roads, no ends or remaining purposes, power lines now dead and sagging and forgotten, grown high in weeds and young trees. The trees have entirely encased a speed limit sign, strange sight, nothing so pointless as a speed limit sign in the midst of dense woods, pointless and beautifully so.
Elie Wiesel, All Rivers Run to the Sea|My arm began moving, turning the invisible crank of Death's music box. Somewhere inside, I didn't want the melody to end.
Anna Bell, The Bucket List to Mend a Broken Heart|I must have truly been under his spell, believing anything is acceptable when you're in love.
Paulo Coelho, The Devil and Miss Prym|Then the voice - which identified itself as the prince of this world, the only being who really knows what happens on Earth - began to show him the people around him on the beach. The wonderful father who was busy packing things up and helping his children put on some warm clothes and who would love to have an affair with his secretary, but was terrified on his wife's response. His wife who would like to work and have her independence, but who was terrified of her husband's response. The children who behave themselves because they were terrified of being punished. The girl who was reading a book all on her own beneath the sunshade, pretending she didn't care, but inside was terrified of spending the rest of her life alone. The boy running around with a tennis racuqet , terrified of having to live up to his parents' expectations. The waiter serving tropical drinks to the rich customers and terrified that he could be sacket at any moment. The young girl who wanted to be a dance, but who was studying law instead because she was terrified of what the neighbours might say. The old man who didn't smoke or drink and said he felt much better for it, when in truth it was the terror of death what whispered in his ears like the wind. The married couple who ran by, splashing through the surf, with a smile on their face but with a terror in their hearts telling them that they would soon be old, boring and useless. The man with the suntan who swept up in his launch in front of everybody and waved and smiled, but was terrified because he could lose all his money from one moment to the next. The hotel owner, watching the whole idyllic scene from his office, trying to keep everyone happy and cheerful, urging his accountants to ever greater vigilance, and terrified because he knew that however honest he was government officials would still find mistakes in his accounts if they wanted to. There was terror in each and every one of the people on that beautiful beach and on that breathtakingly beautiful evening. Terror of being alone, terror of the darkness filling their imaginations with devils, terror of doing anything not in the manuals of good behaviour, terror of God's punishing any mistake, terror of trying and failing, terror of succeeding and having to live with the envy of other people, terror of loving and being rejected, terror of asking for a rise in salary, of accepting an invitation, of going somewhere new, of not being able to speak a foreign language, of not making the right impression, of growing old, of dying, of being pointed out because of one's defects, of not being pointed out because of one's merits, of not being noticed either for one's defects of one's merits.
Ryan Lilly, Write like no one is reading|I've never written a quote I feel would be suitable for my gravestone. Wouldn't it be ironic if it were this one? Oh, and could you pull a few weeds while you're here?
Yael Shahar, A Damaged Mirror: A story of memory and redemption|Every action in this world, every word, every thought, has an effect. But the actor is also acted upon by his action. The condition on which you are allowed to make a change in the world is that the world changes you as well.
pleasefindthis, I Wrote This For You and Only You|There are vast areas of stubbornness and ignorance the Holy Spirit has to reveal in each of us, but it can only be done when Jesus gets us alone...Jesus cannot teach us anything until we quiet all our intellectual questions and get alone with Him.
Rick Riordan, The Throne of Fire|A general never shows despair. He instills confidence in his troops. He leads them forward, even into the mouth of death.
Lauren Oliver, Liesl & Po|(I)f you do not believe that hearts can bloom suddenly bigger, and that love can open like a flower out of even the hardest places, then I am afraid that for you the road will be long and brown and barren, and you will have trouble finding the 
J. William Fulbright|What I work hard at doing is staying on a path of being kind and showing and proving that I'm a good person to society. That's hard. The talent, that's a gift. I just came here like that.
Benedict of Nursia, The Rule of Saint Benedict|Idleness is the enemy of the soul; and therefore the brethren ought to be employed in manual labor at certain times, at others, in devout reading.
kambiz shabankareh|Good heart does not produce science or even art, but knowledge does, intellect does and absolutely expertise does.
Christina Perri|Yes, my first memory of singing, in general, was of a Christmas song. And then listening to Christmas music was really the first music I was ever connected to.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|Grief leads you to believe that life will never be ordinary again, and it never really will be for it is made extraordinary as it is touched and transformed by our greatest loves and deepest losses.
Mark Matousek, When You're Falling, Dive: Lessons in the Art of Living|The quest for knowledge is what makes humans survive, even if it hurts.” I have trouble imagining that this éminence grise was once a sixteen-year-old Hungarian boy in a death camp. “There’s a troublesome verse from Ecclesiastes about this,” he tells me. “It says that the more we know, the more pain we have. But because we are human beings, this must be. Otherwise we become objects rather than subjects.” He pauses for a moment to let this sink in. “Of course, it hurts when we see pictures of people throwing themselves out of windows, children who are orphaned, the widows,” Wiesel says. “But there is no way out of what we’ve seen.” “And how do we live with what we know?” I ask “How can we live with not knowing?
Ron Baratono|Dear God, I ask that today and every day that follows you wash any anger from my heart. I desperately want to look at the world differently. Please help me understand that this anger is hurting me more than anyone else. Teach me to find love in every situation and then to find peace in my heart for the rest of my life. In Jesus’s name, amen.
Kyle Chandler|If you don't like how things are, change it! You're not a tree.
Maggie Nelson, Bluets|It is always taking care, but it is difficult, because at times to take care of her is also to cause her pain.
L.J. Kentowski, Seeker of Fate|His finger pressed my lips to silence me. “So, tell me, my beautiful, little demon, how does it feel? Did you enjoy seducing Caleb to get what you wanted? Or were you so enraptured by the green of his eyes that you longed for his tongue in your mouth and his hands on your body?” I gasped, but he went on before I could respond. “Truthfully, I’d prefer the former, because it would mean since he’s bailed on the deal, I’m the only one left to help you. I must warn you, however, it’s going to take a whole lot of seduction to get me to help you now.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann, The Seven Deadly Sins|Dark night lay on my eyes, like a veil of black cloves - dust on my feet, at the beginning of the path of knowledge.Tracer from an invisible hand, a rainbow, fell in my thoughts - I encountered the truth; and truth shall be my light until the end of days.
Marsha Blackburn|We no longer think of chairs as technology; we just think of them as chairs. But there was a time when we hadn't worked out how many legs chairs should have, how tall they should be, and they would often 'crash' when we tried to use them.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Yet here was Morrie talking with the wonder of our college years, as if I'd simply been on a long vacation. ..I once promised I would never work for money, that I would join the Peace Corps, that I would live in beautiful, inspirational places.
Neil Simon|Colorful garments - ball gowns, kimonos, evening pajamas - made from yards upon yards of iridescent silk or velvet. I own an unjustifiable number of such outfits and jump at the chance to wear them. Against the etiquette about which I am otherwise all too conscious, I frequently, and unrepentantly, overdress for the occasion.
Carol Ann Duffy, The World's Wife|But life, they said, means life. Dying inside.The Devil was evil, mad, but I was the Devil's wifewhich made me worse. I howled in my cell.If the Devil is gone then how could this be hell?
Wendy Vanderwal-Gritter, Generous Spaciousness: Responding to Gay Christians in the Church|When people misuse a text with "Did God really say...?" to shut down someone's honest wrestling with God, they betray what seems to be their own lack of faith and humility. We ought not to be threatened by someone's searching. We ought not to try to control the outcomes in another's journey. We ought not to resort to using shame or fear or guilt to ensure others share our certainties. God can be trusted to lead those who question and struggle through prayer, his Word, their minds, and their experiences. Let's focus on encouraging one another rather than accusing and condemning one another.
Peter V. Brett, The Desert Spear|Only when man cornered,potential forced to appear.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|When we feel conflicted about a particular decision or action, our bodies often hold the answer—if we take the time to stop and tune in.
Anthony Marra, A Constellation of Vital Phenomena|I do to miss my childhood, but I miss the way I took pleasure in simple things, even as greater things crumbled. I could not control the world I was in, could not away from things, or people or moments that hurt, but I found joy in the things that made me happy.
Sunday Adelaja|If people keep stepping on you, wear a pointy hat.
Jawaharlal Nehru|We live in a wonderful world that is full of beauty, charm and adventure. There is no end to the adventures we can have if only we seek them with our eyes open.
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|So...Mason, Eddie, and Mia went to Spokane to hunt Strigoi?""Yes.""Holy shit. Why didn't you go with them? Seems like something you'd do."I resisted the urge to smack him. "Because I'm not insane! But I'm going to go get them before they do something even stupider.
Andrew Dalby, Language in Danger: The Loss of Linguistic Diversity and the Threat to Our Future|It remains to mention some of the ways in which people have spoken misleadingly of logical form. One of the commonest of these is to talk of 'the logical form' of a statement; as if a statement could never have more than one kind of formal power; as if statements could, in respect of their formal powers, be grouped in mutually exclusive classes, like animals at a zoo in respect of their species. But to say that a statement is of some one logical form is simply to point to a certain general class of, e.g., valid inferences, in which the statement can play a certain role. It is not to exclude the possibility of there being other general classes of valid inferences in which the statement can play a certain role
Kirby Howell, Autumn in the Dark Meadows|I yanked hard on the reins, and my horse's hooves slid on the linoleum as he skidded to a stop, nervously snorting and tossing his head at the cramped quarters he'd suddenly found himself in. The Frontman stood in the hallway between me and Ben, holding him at gunpoint, but his head was turned to stare back at me, eyes wide with surprise at seeing a teenage girl on a horse in the kitchen.
W. Somerset Maugham, Don Fernando|And if I am not mistaken here is the secret of the greatness that was Spain. In Spain it is men that are the poems, the pictures and the buildings. Men are its philosophies. They lived, these Spaniards of the Golden Age; they felt and did; they did not think. Life was what they sought and found, life in its turmoil, its fervour and its variety. Passion was the seed that brought them forth and passion was the flower they bore. But passion alone cannot give rise to a great art. In the arts the Spaniards invented nothing. They did little in any of those they practised, but give a local colour to a virtuosity they borrowed from abroad. Their literature, as I have ventured to remark, was not of the highest rank; they were taught to paint by foreign masters, but, inapt pupils, gave birth to one painter only of the very first class; they owed their architecture to the Moors, the French and the Italians, and the works themselves produced were best when they departed least from their patterns. Their preeminence was great, but it lay in another direction: it was a preeminence of character. In this I think they have been surpassed by none and equalled only by the ancient Romans. It looks as though all the energy, all the originality, of this vigorous race had been disposed to one end and one end only, the creation of man. It is not in art that they excelled, they excelled in what is greater than art--in man. But it is thought that has the last word.
Honoré de Balzac, The Wild Ass's Skin|Happy?" asked Aquilina, with dreadful look, and a smile full of pity and terror. "Ah, you do not know what it is to be condemned to a life of pleasure.
Adam Brody|I've danced my whole life. Martial arts is just fun for me, it's all choreographed a bit like dance. I have done Muay Thai and Wushu, which is cool because it's very fluid dance. I also do Tricking. It's kind of like Taekwondo with the big kicks and flips and showier aspects of martial arts.
Simon Singh, Big Bang: The Origin of the Universe|All that was required to measure the planet was a man with a stick and a brain. In other words, couple an intellect with some experimental apparatus and almost anything seems achievable.
Neal Shusterman, Unwind|Maybe it’s not as clear-cut as that. Maybe it’s the very presence of one thing – light or darkness – that necessitates the existence of the other.Think about it, people couldn’t become legendary heroes if they hadn’t first done something to combat darkness. Doctors could do no good if thereweren’t diseases for them to treat.
Steve Bivans, Be a Hobbit, Save the Earth: the Guide to Sustainable Shire Living|Happiness is a drug, and only few know how to take it properly.
Elizabeth Gaskell, Ruth|With a bound, the sun of a molten fiery red cam above the horizon, and immediately thousands of little birds sang out for joy, and a soft chorus of mysterious, glad murmurs came forth from the earth; the low whispering wind left its hiding-place among the clefts and hollows of the hills, and wandered among the rustling herbs and trees, waking the flower-buds to the life of another day.
Chinua Achebe, Things Fall Apart|When you accept discomfort of whatever moment that you are in. The power of that surrender, that letting go of desiring to be in a different situation than the one your in.........will set you free from the hell of your unconscious.
Eugene V. Debs|I would not be a Moses to lead you into the Promised Land, because if I could lead you into it, someone else could lead you out of it.
Douglas Alexander|I'm sure it's one of the most frustrating aspects of human experience for all of us, that when we tell someone who's hurt us that they've hurt us, they tend to react with anger because they feel guilty, and we know we also get angry when we feel guilty.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In every circumstance, keep calm.
Denny Taylor, Rosie's Umbrella|It occurred to Rosie that she couldn't hide either, even though the truth had been hidden from her. Now she was out from the shadows, out in the open for the first time in her life, standing in the harsh light.
Miranda Liasson, A Man of Honor|He’d never be the kind of man she deserved, whole and strong, not physically and mentally crippled.
John Cleese|I probably never would have been hired on Broadway had I not moved out to L.A. and pursued acting and film, which is sad, really.
Malcolm X, The Autobiography Of Malcolm X|So early in my life, I had learned that if you want something, you had better make some noise.
Amitav Ghosh, The Shadow Lines|Here is a nice tip, safe the shit which now you are saying for later one day you will need it.
Stephen  Harker, Tales By Candlelight: Stories of Terror, Horror & Woe|The times have changed and now the story is old, but yet it all remains the same, a victim in the cold.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Accept yourself, seek the divinity within you.
Charles L. Bailey Jr., In the Shadow of the Cross|I was amazed, shocked, and sickened by what I heard throughout the day, over and over, by many victims' stories. I can think of no one with whom I didn't recognize a common thread. These monsters, these evil priests, used the same words and methods on all of us. With each session, I would find something that sent a cold chill down my spine. It amazed and frightened me that the actual words used on me, to rape me, to rape me, were the same as the words used on so many others from all over the United States. You would think that all these priests either were educated in how to concur and rape us, or they met privately with each other to compare notes and develop their plan of attack on us. The pattern was so much the same, with the same words, that you would swear it was scripted and disbursed to these priests. Do they secretly have closed-door meetings on how to abuse us? A chilling thought. Neary's routine of saying the “Our Father” during the rape and making me say it with him, repeating the “thy will be done” over and over, the absolution given me after he “finished,” the threats of having God take my parents away, the lectures about offering my suffering up to God, etc., etc., etc. My experience was identical, word-for-word, to that of many others. The exact words during the abuse were not just close, but exactly the same, as if it were some kind of abuse ritual. Ritual abuse is not limited to the religious definition and can include compulsive, abusive behavior performed in an exact series of steps with little variation. How could these similarities occur without the priests taking the same “abuse seminar” together some place, somehow? Was it taught in the seminary? In some dark corner? It goes beyond coincidence—the similarities in deeds and verbiage that these predators use on us. It truly chilled me to the very marrow of my bones.
Alan Gibson|During this time (at high school) I discovered the Public Library... It was here that I found a source of knowledge and the means to acquire it by reading, a habit of learning which I still follow to this day. I also became interested in chemistry and gradually accumulated enough test tubes and other glassware to do chemical experiments, using small quantities of chemicals purchased from a pharmacy supply house. I soon graduated to biochemistry and tried to discover what gave flowers their distinctive colours. I made the (to me) astounding discovery that the pigments I extracted changed their colours when I changed the pH of the solution.
Pamela Clare, Breaking Point|This is what I love to see--different branches of law enforcement at each other's throats. It gives the bad guys the head start they need, which in turn gives us all job security.
Amor Towles, A Gentleman in Moscow|But the Count hadn’t the temperament for revenge; he hadn’t the imagination for epics; and he certainly hadn’t the fanciful ego to dram of empires restored. No. His model for mastering his circumstances would be a different sort of captive altogether: an Anglican washed ashore. Like Robinson Crusoe stranded on the Isle of Despair, the count would maintain his resolve by committing to the business of practicalities. Having dispensed with dreams of quick discovery, the world’s Crusoes seek shelter and a source of fresh water; they teach themselves to make fire from flint; they study their island’s topography, it’s climate, its flora and fauna, all the while keeping their eyes trained for sails on the horizon and footprints in the sand.
Silas House, Eli the Good|Since that night I have come to understand that sometimes the best families of all are those we create ourselves, the people we choose to be with.
David Levithan, The Realm of Possibility|Our friendship is made of bendy straws, long midnight letters,my so-called life marathons, sleepless sleepovers, diner milk shakes, apron strings, a belief in beauty,sucking helium, and the most trust I’ve ever felt for anyone, including myself.
Charlotte Eriksson|I woke up early and took the first train to take me away from the city. The noise and all its people. I was alone on the train and had no idea where I was going, and that’s why I went there. Two hours later we arrived in a small town, one of those towns with one single coffee shop and where everyone knows each other’s name. I walked for a while until I found the water, the most peaceful place I know. There I sat and stayed the whole day, with nothing and everything on my mind, cleaning my head. Silence, I learned, is some times the most beautiful sound.
Elvis Presley|I'd marry again if I found a man who had fifteen million dollars, would sign over half to me, and guarantee that he'd be dead within a year.
Maurice Casey, Jesus of Nazareth: An independent historian's account of his life and teaching|However it—or the kind of extreme individualistic epistemology it embraces—can lead historians to an overly skeptical approach particularly to those sources that were intended to recount and inform events of the past, that is, testimony in this restricted sense. Particularly in Gospels scholarship there is an attitude abroad that approaches the sources with fundamental skepticism, rather than trust, and therefore requires that anything the sources claim be accepted only if historians can independently verify it…..
Roman Reigns|When I first started designing sportswear, I felt that women weren't represented in sports performance. I felt that men were dressed really well both technically and visually, and women were almost like an afterthought.
Jill Alexander Essbaum, Hausfrau|Now, if you will excuse me, a dead woman is trying to convince me to drink something that comes in layers.
Charlie Chaplin|Success is not measured on what you earn, it is how you manage to be happy, benevolent and contented with your life.
Starhawk|The Algerians were revolutionsists, they wanted land. France offered to let them be integrated into France. They told France, to hell with Fance, they wanted some land, not some France.
jaime gil de beidma|My father's love was always strongMy mother's glamour lives on and on.Yet still inside I felt alone, for reasones unknow to me.
Pablo Neruda, The Captain's Verses|A kiss should be personal, not a mandatory public event
Cara Lockwood, I Do -- But I Don't|True love is taking the risk that it won't be a happily-ever-after. True love is joining hands with the man who loves you for who you are, and saying, "I'm not afraid to believe in you.
Andrew Cohen|But to be the best, you must face the best. And to overcome your fear, you must deal with the best.
Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith|If you haven't already, you will lose someone you can't live without, and your heart will be badly broken, and you never completely get over the loss of a deeply beloved person. But this is also good news. The person lives forever, in your broken heart that doesn't seal back up. And you come through, and you learn to dance with the banged-up heart.
Linda Howard, Loving Evangeline|But never had he felt more enthralled than he was right now, sitting beside Evie on a weathered old dock, with a blazing afternoon sun, almost brutal in its clarity, bathing everything in pure light. Sweat trickled down his back and chest from the steamy heat, and his entire body pulsed with life. Even his fingertips throbbed. It took all of his formidable self-control to prevent himself from pushing her down on the dock and spreading her legs for his entry.
Alfred Tennyson, Loksley Hall, Day Dream and Other Poems|I know that certain minds would regard as audacious the idea of relating the laws which preside over the play of our organs to those laws which govern inanimate bodies; but, although novel, this truth is none the less incontestable. To hold that the phenomena of life are entirely distinct from the general phenomena of nature is to commit a grave error, it is to oppose the continued progress of science.
Belinda Jack, George Sand: A Woman's Life Writ Large|You are a woman born of secrets and sadness. It will either destroy your future or lead you to greatness. A handsome gentleman with eyes like the sky and hair like a raven's wing will come into your life. If you let him, he will become the hand of your vengeance. If you let him,he will shatter your heart.
Roshan Sharma|Till the time, you are enjoying the outside process, everything seems alright, but when the query arises, about why life, you search for the deeper meaning with life.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|I know you'll do what's best for Annabeth.""How can you be sure?""Because she'd do the same for you.
David Ignatius|The war on drugs is not being won, and it continues to threaten stability and democracy not only in the Andes but throughout the Caribbean as well, where tiny police and military forces are outclassed by the sophisticated equipment in the hands of traffickers passing through the region on the way to their market in this country.
Lauren Baratz-Logsted, Crazy Beautiful|...the third reason [for being nice to the underdogs in life] being that the wheel of fortune is always spinning, spinning. And just because you're at the top today doesn't mean it'll always be so. When you're at the bottom, you'll want someone to be there for you too.
Arundhati Roy, The Cost of Living|The only dream worth having, I told her, is to dream that you will live while you're alive and die only when you're dead.
Doris Lessing|It is my belief...that the talents every child has, regardless of his official 'I.Q,' could stay with him through life, to enrich him and everybody else, if these talents were not regarded as commodities with a value in the success-stakes.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|God has given every man, 120 years of life on earth. It is yours to possess.
Belinda Taylor on "Soul"|Just then, down through the last glimmer of twilight, stepping high and free, like a cloud, a moth, a ghost in the shape of a horse — came the Silver Stallion. Wild, beautiful, and free as the wind he came, from one kingdom to another, Thowra
Laurie Halse Anderson, The Impossible Knife of Memory|Until then we're going to keep making memories like this, moments when we're the only two people in the whole world. And when we get scared or lonely or confused, we'll pull out these memories and wrap them around us and they'll make us feel safe. And strong.
Mark Schultz|You are a child of mine,Born of my own design,And you bear the hard of life.No matter where you go,Oh, you will always know,That you've been made free in Christ,And you are a child of mine! 
Rhonda Byrne, How The Secret Changed My Life: Real People. Real Stories.|He first saw her in a ray of sunshine. She was dancing and singing in a forest clearing, her golden hair sparkling as it swirled around her. Her voice was the very essence of a happy, sunny day distilled into song. She was as weightless on her toes as golden motes in a drowsy beam, floating their way up to the ceiling.
J. Merridew, Teenage Idol|People admire my confidence, but they never see me when I'm alone. That's when I'm the most raw because I'm not trying to sell myself to anybody.
Adeola Alao|Ordinary leaders move mounds,good leaders move hills,but great leaders move mountains.
Candy bustillo|What an unilateral life, when from the material of a renunciation, we must fashion something we love.
Gordon Dahlquist, The Different Girl|Alice More: As for understanding, I understand that you are the best man that I ever met,  or am likely to;  And, if you go...Well, God knows why I suppose. Though as God's my witness God's kept deadly quiet about it!
Rainer Maria Rilke, The Selected Poetry of Rainer Maria Rilke|For one human being to love another human being: that is perhaps the most difficult task that has been given to us, the ultimate, the final problem and proof, the work for which all other work is merely preparation.
Jess C. Scott, The Devilin Fey|One hand was behind his back, and he held it out, presenting a bouquet of white and smoky purple lilies. “They’re straight from the underworld, by the way. They are everlasting. They won’t die.
Robert William Case, Daedalus Rising - The True Story of Icarus|As our parents often say, share your God-given gifts and talents to help others
Nicola Sturgeon|Lucky enough, through the public school system, I had been able to have some music education, and that gave me something to focus on, and discipline - like a family to feel part of. There was a healthy family.
Gloria Naylor|Father's Day is hopefully a time when the culture says, 'This is our moment to look at who our men and boys are.'
Peter Akinti, Forest Gate: A Novel|Life was complicated, I thought. Not just the living but dealing with the realities and the instinct for order that other people have, that I didn't always grasp.
Jalaluddin Rumi|The universe is not outside of you. Look inside yourself; everything that you want, you already are.
Peter Debye|I do not think the division of the subject into two parts - into applied mathematics and experimental physics a good one, for natural philosophy without experiment is merely mathematical exercise, while experiment without mathematics will neither sufficiently discipline the mind or sufficiently extend our knowledge in a subject like physics.
Criss Jami, Healology|Let your mind wander in simplicity, blend your spirit with the vastness, follow along with things the way they are, and make no room for personal views - then the world will be governed.
Mitch Albom, For One More Day|Belief, hard work, love–you have those things, you can do anything.
Marlene F. Watson, Facing the Black Shadow|What is the black shadow? It's the running inner dialogue we have with ourselves all day long about our fears of being inferior as black people. It is our internalization of the white man's lie that blacks are inferior to whites -- the very lie that was the foundation of our ancestors' enslavement. The black shadow is more than simply internalized racism; it's also our complex feelings of fear and despair about being black, and consequently our longing to be less black.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Spend time with people who enrich your mind, nourish your heart, and illuminate your soul.
Deyth Banger|Definitely they are poor, but they have all the potential to become rich; they just need a hand to support, and I want to be that hand of them all.
Michael Richard Stosic, Thirty-Nine Days|I felt I had a calling in my life to be in full-time ministry, and although I was very successful in the insurance business, earning a very large six-figure income, I gave notice to my company and sold out in January 2007 to go into the ministry full-time.
Jenny Valentine, Broken Soup|I thought about having a proper room,breathing life into it, and nobody minding.
Sunday Adelaja|We keep sending colonies up into space,” Akilah says, “and we don’t even know what’s at the bottom of the sea.”“Yeah, we do,” I counter. “Fish and stuff.”Akilah laughs. “We’ve barely explored the sea. There are places where the water is so deep that it has never seen light.” She sighs. “I would like to go to those places. I would like to sink down and down and down and see what’s hidden at the bottom.”The sea is a dangerous place because it makes you believe in forever. I stare back at the shoreline, where heavy boulders clutter the shore, a remembrance of the attacks during the Secessionary War. For all the hundreds of thousands of people killed in the war, more are dead and gone beneath the waves of the sea. I tread water, turning slowly, so the island’s behind me and all I can see is the blue-green waters. The sea goes on forever and ever. We are tiny, almost invisible specks. It could swallow us up. We are less than the bright stars of the night sky, compared to the vastness of the sea.And it is this place, as one tiny, barely visible speck bobbing in the water, where Akilah feels safe.Maybe being alone in the sea, with its unexplored depths, its clawing-finger waves, really is safer compared to the land, where there are people and malice and death.
Louis MacNeice|Sunday is a likely day to write a poem. Because poetry is a piece of language flying around: you'll find notebooks, something on your phone. It's about finding them and getting them off that crumpled piece of paper and onto my computer.
Nic Marks, The Happiness Manifesto|It is good to have an end to journey towards; but it is the journey that matters, in the end.
Steven Johnson|There's no such thing is aging, but maturing and knowledge. It's beautiful, I call that beauty.
Gretchen Rubin, Better Than Before: Mastering the Habits of Our Everyday Lives|Her family was counting on her—to be responsible, to get good grades, to follow the rules, to be the good example. And more important, she expected those things of herself.
James Buchan|To me, it's far more efficient to mobilize the imagination. It's far more efficient to hear a creaking step, for example, than to see the face of a monster, which usually looks ridiculous, and where you know that the blood is ketchup.
Jerry Stahl|Destroy your life; then put it back together.You'll get great material, meet some fascinating characters and – side benefit – the skills you develop will give you greater compassion, insight and range with the people you create on the page – or run into off of it.
David Morehouse, Psychic Warrior: The True Story of America's Foremost Psychic Spy and the Cover-Up of the CIA's Top-Secret Stargate Program|My father taught me how to understand and be sensitive to others, which is probably the most critical aspect of leadership. Without it you are only a manager.
Agatha Christie, Cat Among the Pigeons|Is Lisa going to the prom?'I shelved my worries for the moment. 'I don't know, Mom. We don't talk about the You-Know-What. We made a pact.'You could go together, if you didn't want to mess with dates and things.'I don't want to mess with the prom at all, Mom.'She ignored me, placidly eating popcorn, piece by piece.'Some girls in my high school class did that and had a wonderful time. They weren't lesbians or anything. Not that it would matter if they were.'That's nice, Mom. I'm glad you're so open-minded.' I grabbed my Coke and the popcorn bowl and headed for the stairs, because I could go my whole life without ever hearing my mother talk about lesbians again.Maybe you could take Justin to the prom,' she called after me, laughter in her voice. 'He is such a hottie.'Shoot me now.
Karen E. Quinones Miller|I wanted to beat the heck out of the JV guys for that, except I wouldn't know what to do in a fistfight without a manual.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you want a new look, get a new hair style.
Sophie Kinsella, Shopaholic & Baby|In the end, you have to choose whether or not to trust someone.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|If you are ready to make a difference and shine, then you must be ready to pay the price by laboring rightly with your mouth and with hands.
Lisa Kleypas, Love in the Afternoon|Of all the Hathaway sisters,” Cam said equably, “Beatrix is the one most suited to choose her own husband. I trust her judgment.”Beatrix gave him a brilliant smile. “Thank you, Cam.”“What are you thinking?” Leo demanded of his brother-in-law. “You can’t trust Beatrix’s judgment.”“Why not?”“She’s too young,” Leo said.“I’m twenty-three,” Beatrix protested. “In dog years I’d be dead.
Graham Parke, No Hope for Gomez!|Mathematicians finally developed a financial model to accurately compare apples and oranges. Any two kinds of fruit can be compared, although guavas still cause minor rounding errors.
Dave Zebian|The waves of love roll throughout the Universe, and overflow in our hearts..Everything is ONE!
Gina Greenlee, Belly Up: Surviving and Thriving Beyond a Cruise Gone Bad|No matter. I was single, no children, a handful of plants and at 39, young enough to regroup. If I hit ground before I finished building my wings, I would not take anyone with me.
Stephen Richards, Scottish Hard Bastards|There’s just no comparison between these hard men, some fight with their bare hands, some with their brains and some with weapons. Some have a sixth sense for survival, avoiding death with catlike ease. I don’t include any world champ at this or that, but I do include men that would wipe the floor with any world champion at anything you wanted to throw at them.
Loni Anderson|I think like a Silicon Valley entrepreneur. Failure is a great teacher. At the same time, you must remember, success will never last... Whether it's tech or fashion, it must be for the customer.
Kate  Madison, Spilled Perfume: A Memoir|It isn't you,' he says, as though you're to be comforted by the irrelevant role you play in your own life.
Ezra Taft Benson|In the beginning, Adam was instructed to earn the bread by the sweat of his brow - not Eve. Contrary to conventional wisdom, a mother's place is in the home!
Frank Herbert, The Dosadi Experiment|Fannie Mae had aroused his anger, then reduced his anger to verbal breast-beating, and finally to silent hurt. Still, the love remained. Why?
Billy Collins|For most Americans, poetry plays no role in their everyday lives. But also for most Americans, contemporary painting or jazz or sculpture play no role either. I'm not saying poetry is singled out as a special thing to ignore.
Ralph Abernathy|While I take inspiration from the past, like most Americans, I live for the future.
Jeanne Safer, The Golden Condom: And Other Essays on Love Lost and Found|People are more likely to fall intensely in love when they are anxious and their self-esteem is lowest.... Feeling inadequate, unhappy, and empty are virtual prerequisites for falling and staying desperately in love; at least temporarily, the ecstasy of desire seems to cure everything that ails you. There is a connection between aversive states of mind -- loneliness, shame, even grief and horror -- and a propensity to feel overwhelming passion; this is one reason why romances blossom in times of war or natural disasters, as well as during the private disasters of our everyday lives.
Laurie Nadel|The feeling of freedom and scent of sea air are intoxicating. As the wind picks up, I gain speed, holding on to life with a capital L
Charles Dickens, Nicholas Nickleby|Dreams are the bright creatures of poem and legend, who sport on earth in the night season, and melt away in the first beam of the sun, which lights grim care and stern reality on their daily pilgrimage through the world.
Cyrus Panjvani, Buddhism: A Philosophical Approach|Hence, you see your faith, you see your doubt, you see your desire and will to learn, and when you are induced by divine authority to believe what you do not see, you see at one that you believe these things; you analyze and discern all this.
Joshua Donellan, Zeb and the Great Ruckus|...we've already had one horrible thing happen today, which means that if you think about it the odds of anything else horrible happening again in the next few hours should now be quite low.
Dalai Lama XIV, The Dalai Lama's Little Book of Inner Peace: The Essential Life and Teachings|Weapons never stay in their boxes. Once a weapon has been manufactured, sooner or later someone will use it. If it were possible to bring about true and lasting peace by force of arms, then we should turn all our factories into weapons factories. But that is impossible. Even though it is difficult to try to bring about peace through inner transformation, it is the only way of establishing sustainable peace in the world.
Tadao Ando|To me, architecture is an art, naturally, and it isn't architecture unless it's alive. Alive is what art is. If it's not alive, it's dead, and it's not art.
Sarah Mlynowski, Gimme a Call|Just because a relationship ends, it doesn't mean it's not worth having.
J.I. Packer|She was a light from Heaven, and a beauty for all of us to behold.
Anaïs Nin|Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country.
Rory Bremner|In a certain sense, a writer is an exile, an outsider, always reporting on things, and it is part of his life to keep on the move. Travel is natural.
Michael Bassey Johnson|They burn books now, mama.The monsters burn fucking books now, mama. They have eyes full of disappointing madness. Their tongues taste like fulvous indoctrination. They teach us. Teach us sadism, hatred, lust to kill, conformity. What do you see when you look at me? Daddy?
Jochen Zeitz|My dad's a doctor, and when I was 8, I went to one of his medical conferences where they were demonstrating laser surgery on a chicken. I was so mad that a chicken had to die, I never ate meat again.
Hugh Grant|I used to pre-rehearse everything and then bring my pre-rehearsed performance to the set. Now, I'm learning to let it happen in the moment. American actors are much better at that than British actors. If I knew how to trust myself, I would have been much more relaxed.
Dean Ornish|I enjoy nothing more than spending time with my loved ones, young and old, and at least once a year we get together for a formal family photograph.
Jo Cox|Dealing with global warming doesn't mean we have all got to suddenly stop breathing. Dealing with global warming means that we have to stop waste, and if you travel for no reason whatsoever, that is a waste.
Virchand Gandhi, The Monist|What God made, God loves, because it's inconceivable that God should make anything that He didn't love.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|They have influence, but no power." "In my experience, influence is power.
Faye Snyder|This is my life's work. It is a user's manual to the human being, a parenting book ... and how to be the best you can be.
Eric Carle|At the pinnacle of great design are products so gorgeous and lust-worthy that you want to lick them: a Porsche 911, Samsung's Luxia TV, an Eames lounge chair or anything by Loro Piana.
Bob Parsons|Writing is communication, and you don't know how you're doing until you put it in front of someone else's eyes. You also learn from critiquing other writers' work.
Michael Dirda|My mom sent me money for a car, but the cops impounded it because I had no insurance.
Lovely Goyal, I Love the Way You Love Me|I am concerned with facts of quite unverifiable intrinsic value, but which, by their absolutely unexpected violently fortuitous character, and the kind of associations of suspect ideas they provoke.
Chuck Palahniuk, Snuff|A mother's body remembers her babies-the folds of soft flesh, the softly furred scalp against her nose. Each child has it's own entreaties to body and soul.
Madeleine L'Engle|What happens if your choice is misguided?' I ask, softly.Miss Moore takes a pear from the bowl and offers us the grapes to devour. 'You must try to correct it.''But what if it’s too late? What if you can’t?'There's a sad sympathy in Miss Moore's catlike eyes as she regards my painting again. She paints the thinnest sliver of shadow along the bottom of the apple, bringing it fully to life.'Then you must find a way to live with it.
Rob Bell, Love Wins: A Book About Heaven, Hell, and the Fate of Every Person Who Ever Lived|One must face the fact that all the talk about His love for men, and His service being perfect freedom, is not (as one would gladly believe) mere propaganda, but an appalling truth. He really does want to fill the universe with a lot of loathsome little replicas of Himself—creatures, whose life, on its miniature scale, will be qualitatively like His own, not because He hasabsorbed them but because their wills freely conform to His. We want cattle who can finally become food; (2) He wants servants who can finally become sons. We want to suck in, He wants to give out. We are empty and would be filled; He is full and flows over. Our war aim is a world in which Our Father Below has drawn all other beings into himself: the Enemy wants a world full of beings united to Him but still distinct.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Opal|A smell of burned hair and cotton wafted into the air as I spun toward my desk. There was a low whine from the desk and then smoke billowed out of my closed laptop.I gaped.My precious, perfectly brand new laptop I cherished like one would a small child.Son of a mother…Friend or not, it was so on
Faraaz Kazi|Love, he told himself, was open to interpretation like any other abstract indulgence but followed the same principles everywhere, irrespective of everything else. One, either won or lost in love, there was no bridge in between, and he decided he had lost, lost to himself, if not to her.
Maya Angelou|We, unaccustomed to courageexiles from delightlive coiled in shells of lonelinessuntil love leaves its high holy templeand comes into our sightto liberate us into life.Love arrivesand in its train come ecstasiesold memories of pleasureancient histories of pain.Yet if we are bold,love strikes away the chains of fearfrom our souls.We are weaned from our timidityIn the flush of love's lightwe dare be braveAnd suddenly we seethat love costs all we areand will ever be.Yet it is only lovewhich sets us free.
Gustave Flaubert|I explored because I was feeling really crappy, and I wanted to know why
Pearl Zhu, 100 Creativity Ingredients: Everyone's Playbook to Unlock Creativity|Innovators with global thinking find more viewing spots that the rest; therefore, they can solve problems in unconventional ways.
Daniel Marques|I'm not negative, pessimistic, angry, antisocial or schizophrenic. I'm a writer, and entitled to all that with pride.
Tory Lanez|Often people ask how I manage to be happy despite having no arms and no legs. The quick answer is that I have a choice. I can be angry about not having limbs, or I can be thankful that I have a purpose. I chose gratitude.
L.T. Gibbons, Project Ark|We worship life on Usonia. Nature... The moon, the sun, the stars, the rivers.
Christina Engela, Blachart: Galaxii Series Book 1|They set about making people so unhappy and isolated and when they crawl into a hole and pull it in after them, they have the nerve to call homosexuality a 'suicidal lifestyle'. And yet they do this - and deny that any gay or trans person could ever be a 'true' Christian. As if THEY are.
Rachel Naomi Remen, Kitchen Table Wisdom: Stories That Heal|Medicine is as close to love as it is to science, and its relationships matter even at the edge of life itself.
Nelson DeMille, The Gold Coast|When you've spent thirty years entering rooms filled with strangers you feel less pressure than when you've had only half that number of years of experience. You know what the room and the people in it probably hold for you and you go looking for it. If it's not there, you sense it earlier and leave to go about your business. You just know more about what is, what isn't, and how little time there is to learn the difference.
Chuck Norris|For me, Arik Sharon - I remember his courage and inspiration. I want to remember him the way he really was, not as an aging 80-year-old man living in bed helpless and unconscious.
Deyth Banger|The most ironic thing in the world is having no say when your name is determined for the first time (which is also for the last time for most), because newborns are not necessarily known for speaking their minds.
Meghan Daum|I wonder if the real measure of "home" is the degree to which you can leave it alone. Maybe appreciating a house means knowing when to stop decorating. Maybe you've never really lived there until you've thrown its broken pieces in the garbage. Maybe learning how to be out in the big world isn't the epic journey everyone thinks it is. Maybe that's actually the easy part. The hard part is what's right in front of you. The hard part is learning how to hold the title to your very existence, to own not only property, but also your life. The hard part is learning not just how to be but mastering the nearly impossible art of how to be at home.
Laurie Perez, Torpor: Though the Heart Is Warm|She opens the book. Each sheet has one or two antique photographs stuck with corner tabs. The images are neither black and white nor gray, but hold that brownish gold of time and exposure to air."This man is your great grandfather. Look at that face, Pedro. It is a mean mean face." He's standing in front of a wood pile, holding an axe. "I think he was only a teenager there, a long time before he met my mother. But look how handsome he was. And how mean."It's funny the way she smiles when she talks about him. Saying he's mean has a perverse joy for her, as if she can stick her tongue out at him and his hands are tied so he can't slap her for doing it. She's right, though. There's no lingering smile, no potential for mirth in the burlap of his skin. I notice snow on the ground at his feet, but he's wearing a thin, unbuttoned shirt, showing no sign of cold.
William James|Any life is made up of a single moment, the moment in which a man finds out, once and for all, who he is.
Dannika Dark, Keystone|Guard your throats and hide your eyes. He’s not dead, you fools. Legends never die.
Charles Darwin, The Autobiography of Charles Darwin, 1809–82|His rules were thus: One, resist when beneficial to the cause. Two, dignity before humiliation. Three, don’t show true emotions.
Kiran Shaikh|Even in the deepest darkness, you are always surrounded by light. Always remember that Sweet Hearts, you are precious, you are loved, and you are never never alone.
Steve Merrick|When bad news sells, money politics buys.
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|Hijo de tigre, no siempre sale pintado. Siempre ahi esa excepción.
E.B. White|Writing is an act of faith, not a trick of grammar.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|It doesn’t matter how long you live on planet earth, if by the time your whole life has evaporated, you have not solved the problems you were created to solve, then you wasted your life.
Jason Versey, A Walk with Prudence|Always be in command of your music. If life throws you a few bad notes or vibrations, don't let them interrupt or alter your song.
S.G. Night, Dissension: the Second Act of Penance|I see a man," she said softly. "A man with the roar of cannons still ringing in his ears. A man bloodied by life, but not beaten. A man with a scar that draws his mouth into a frown when he might actually long to smile.
Arzum Uzun|I maybe such a pain in the ass,But in a good way.I give you pleasure at the same time!
Jocelyn Gibb, Light on C. S. Lewis|we refer to the Middle Ages as ages of faith; a time in which men believed a heavenly Jerusalem above the sky much as they believed an earthly Sion beyond the sea; when the whole of their thought was of a piece with their theology...those were days when a thoughtful soul here or there could realize some unity of mental vision. The fact should be admitted, however we regard it - whether as the stultifying tyranny of dogma or as an enviable single-mindedness; an ideal too easily realized, no doubt, in a plentiful dearth of empirical knowledge, and yet establishing a standard after which perplexed modernity may strive.
George MacDonald|Who are you?""No one of consequence.""I must know.""Get used to disappointment.
Jonah Lehrer, Proust Was a Neuroscientist|Science has discovered that, like any work of literature, the human genome is a text in need of commentary, for what Eliot said of poetry is also true of DNA: 'all meanings depend on the key of interpretation.' What makes us human, and what makes each of us his or her own human, is not simply the genes that we have buried into our base pairs, but how our cells, in dialogue with our environment, feed back to our DNA, changing the way we read ourselves. Life is a dialectic.
Marilynne Robinson, When I Was a Child I Read Books|Language is music. Written words are musical notation. The music of a piece of fiction establishes the way in which it is to be read, and, in the largest sense, what it means. It is essential to remember that characters have a music as well, a pitch and tempo, just as real people do. To make them believable, you must always be aware of what they would or would not say, where stresses would or would not fall.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb|I'm in favour of religion as a tamer of arrogance. For a Greek Orthodox, the idea of God as creator outside the human is not God in God's terms. My God isn't the God of George Bush.
Plutarch|Rosa Parks' courage, determination, and tenacity continue to be an inspiration to all those committed to non-violent protest and change nearly half a century later.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|We must be conscious of this; one day, the life we have, will be gone.
Angela Quarles, Must Love Chainmail|His brothers accepted his fluid nature as something Darian simply was. He had been so all his life; suspended between male and female, one rising, the other ebbing without pattern or reason. The Queen, daughterless and doting, had gladly let her youngest sonwear gowns, bows, and curls far longer than appropriate, until his father had intervened with violent persuasion. At court, he now moved as a man. In private, he never stopped wearing gowns or ribbons when the softer she inside him waxed like the full moon. He allowed her complete rein. In truth, he no longer knew where he ended and she began. They were the same.
Oscar Wilde|Just find what works for you, what style suits you best, and just be confident enough to rock it.
Richard Sibbes, Christ Is Best|If you want a good friend, you need to be a good friend!
V.S. Carnes|She accepted it uncertainly. “This will help?” Without waiting for an answer, with that unsettling trust of hers, she popped open the lid and dug in her finger, smearing the slick substance on and around her mouth. Going outside of the lines, as he deduced she did with most everything in her life. When she was done, she looked absolutely ridiculous.Caine barely resisted smiling at her. “It will help immensely.
Michael Jay Tucker|If the anti-abortion movement took a tenth of the energy they put into noisy theatrics and devoted it to improving the lives of children who have been born into lives of poverty, violence, and neglect, they could make a world shine.
Sam Harris|The Church, as Jesus seems to be defining it, is the gathering of accepted brokenness. It’s not the gathering of the saved.
Roy H. Williams|We can be hindered in our development and our personal growth by political conditions. Outer circumstances can constrain us. Only when we are free to develop our innate abilities can we live as free beings. But we are just as much determined by inner potential and outer opportunities as the Stone Age boy on the Rhine, the lion in Africa, or the apple tree in the garden.
Michael Hogan|When you totally commit yourself to a project and do your work quietly and well, unknown friends will find you and angels will surround you.
John Madden|My parents started with very little and were the only ones in their families to graduate from college. As parents, they focused on education, but did not stop at academics - they made sure that we knew music, saw art and theatre and traveled - even though it meant budgeting like crazy.
Abria Mattina, Wake|I underestimated your laziness.” “It’s pronounced intelligence, Kirk.
Felicity Brandon, Erotic Fantasies|It rubs against me, dipping between my hot lips and makes me whimper with yearning. You remove it dramatically and raise it up, out of my eye line, although I imagine that you are inspecting it.“Yes, definitely a slut, aren’t you?”“Yes, sir.” I reply instantly. My voice sounds needy – already.
Brian Alan Ellis, Skive Magazine Quarterly - Issue 9, September 2008|Do you know why you’re here?' the doctor said.Clumsiness. Clumsiness is the first and then we have a list: lazy, wayward, headstrong, fat, ugly, mean, tactless, and cruel. Also a liar. That category includes subheads: (a) False blindness, imaginary pains causing real doubling-up, untrue lapses of hearing, lying leg injuries, fake dizziness, and unproved and malicious malingering s; (b) Being a bad sport. Did I leave out unfriendliness?…Also unfriendliness.
Debasish Mridha|In the morning, wonder and be generous like the sun. In the evening, meditate and be kind like the moon.
Samantha Young, Borrowed Ember|Jai, she pleaded quietly, if you hadn’t noticed, I’m a guts and glory kind of girl. I think I’d die trying to protect anyone I care about. It’s just the way I’m wired, I guess. I would die trying to protect Charlie because I love him. He’s my family, and I don’t want to lose any more family." She took another step so her body pressed flushed to him, her fingers falling to his lips. The sound of his shallow breathing emboldened her. "But Jai… I would die a hundred deaths to save you… because the thought of being here without you now, the thought of losing you… is unimaginable." Their eyes locked and heat bloomed in her cheeks as Jai pressed closer to her, his hand sliding across her lower back and gently guiding her even more tightly against him. "Jai, you have no idea how much I’ve fallen in love with you. I don’t think a person could fall any harder.
John Ruskin|Perfume counters in department stores, Holly Deblin smells of, the middle of July, and cinnamon Tic Tacs.
Ahmir Questlove Thompson, Mo' Meta Blues: The World According to Questlove|It's more than words & somehow more than actions could ever show. It's hard to explicate this feeling I have for you, but it's one I could live out the rest of my days trying to make you understand.
Debasish Mridha|Even though we express emotions and feel motion, life is nothing but a dream and a magical illusion.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: The Next Generation's Guide to a Meaningful Future|I feel strongly that Christians have a scriptural mandate to love and care for all the people of the world. Even those who are living in immoral circumstances are entitled to be treated with dignity and respect. There is no place for hatred, hurtful jokes, or other forms of rejecting towards those who are gay.
John Burroughs|We are punished by our sins, not for them.
Maureen Johnson, Suite Scarlett|Every time you try to flirt with her, a puppy dies.
Mark Twain, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn|Yes - en I's rich now, come to look at it. I owns myself, en I's wuth eight hund'd dollars. I wisht I had de money, I wouldn' want no mo'.
Taona Dumisani Chiveneko, The Hangman's Replacement: Sprout of Disruption|MUSHAKABVU, I may be in a tough spot, but I am more worried about you. I have never experienced anything close to a sense of kinship with any of my clients, let alone those I have never met. However, the world you sent me to investigate has inspired a selfless concern that is uncommon between strangers. I hope you are just a curious, distant observer in the affairs I have been probing ... But something tells me this hope was frustrated long before our acquaintance.
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|A simple pecking order has always characterized mankind's relationship to waste: The wealthy throw out what they do not want, the poor scavenge what they can, and whatever remains is left to rot.
Matt Bellamy|It was understood that they shared the same thresholds--the same inexhaustible appetite for wasting time, for discussing lofty ideas, for dissecting trivial things, for driving to nowhere in particular, for listening to music, for talking about books, for obsessing over pop culture, but mostly for laughing, talking, and simply being together. There was nothing one could say that the other would find too cruel or too kind. And on those rare occasions when they did tire of each other, they needed only go a day without talking before they yearned to reconnect.
Henry Rollins|In Israel, there's a lot to learn from anyone, because to live there you've got to deal with the truth. Things happen real fast. Your day goes from cool to catastrophic in one second. Israelis know that the cafe you're in could blow up, or the shopping mall, and they rock that.
Bertrand Russell|Try to make at least one person happy every day. If you cannot do a kind deed, speak a kind word. If you cannot speak a kind word, think a kind thought. Count up, if you can, the treasure of happiness that you would dispense in a week, in a year, in a lifetime!
Socrates|God would seem to indicate to us and not allow us to doubt that these beautiful poems are not human, or the work of man, but divine and the work of God; and that the poets are only the interpreters of the Gods...
Jane Steen, The House of Closed Doors|The Written Word is a Fairy, as mocking and elusive as Willy Wisp, speaking lying words to us in a feigned voice. So let all readers of books take warning!
Anton Chekhov, Gooseberries|Country life has its advantages,' he used to say. 'You sit on the veranda drinking tea and your ducklings swim on the pond, and everything smells good. . . and there are gooseberries.
Siri Hustvedt|My imagination ran 24/7, and to me, every problem was a challenge to solve and new product to create. It wasn't until I started teaching that I realized that not everyone's head worked the same way.
Jaime Reed, Keep Me In Mind|She was my go-to person. I’d tell her everything. Now, all of those late-night phone calls, all the sleepovers at her house because I couldn’t deal with stuff at home, all the crying on her shoulder. It’s all gone. It’s like if she doesn’t know, then it didn’t happen, and if it didn’t happen then what exactly am I holding on to?” ~Stacey
John C. Maxwell, The 360 Degree Leader: Developing Your Influence from Anywhere in the Organization|The bottom line in managing your emotions is that you should put others – not yourself – first in how you handle and process them. Whether you delay or display your emotions should not be for your own gratification. You should ask yourself, What does the team need? Not, What will make me feel better?
James Aldridge, The Diplomat|Knowledge is power, isn't that what we say? But power corrupts. An institution based on knowledge and learning can't help but be a corrupt institution.
Jennifer Lopez|If love is the treasure, laughter is the key.
VD.|The scientist is more religious than the poet because his belief rests in the faith of the intangible –– a reality that stands outside of ourselves who are the observers. The poet on the other hand realizes that concepts like Truth and Beauty lie not in the fleeting nature of our world, but in the eternal aspects of humanity which form the root of our reality and identities.
J.A. Pak|Those who can't, and can't teach, translate.(attrib: F.L. Vanderson)
H.L. Burke, An Ordinary Knight: A Fairy Cursed Fable|The voyage of the best ship is a zigzag line of a hundred tacks. See the line from a sufficient distance, and it straightens itself to the average tendency. Your genuine action will explain itself, and will explain your other genuine actions. Your conformity explains nothing. . . . The force of character is cumulative.
Cartoon Network|There is a strong disposition in youth, from which some individuals never escape, to suppose that everyone else is having a more enjoyable time than we are ourselves;
Alexis de Tocqueville|I believe that, if managed well, the Fourth Industrial Revolution can bring a new cultural renaissance, which will make us feel part of something much larger than ourselves: a true global civilization. I believe the changes that will sweep through society can provide a more inclusive, sustainable and harmonious society. But it will not come easily.
Ana Claudia Antunes, A-Z of Happiness: Tips for Living and Breaking Through the Chain that Separates You from Getting That Dream Job|Life always gives us another change: It's called "To Move On".
Robert Johnson|We should not blur the lines between legal and illegal immigrants. Millions of people around the world have gone through the process to come here legally and they followed the rules that required them to pay a fee, learn English, and learn about American history and government.
J.D. Greear, Gospel: Recovering the Power that Made Christianity Revolutionary|Sabbath, in the first instance, is not about worship. It is about work stoppage. It is about withdrawal from the anxiety system of Pharaoh, the refusal to let one’s life be defined by production and consumption and the endless pursuit of private well-being.
Troye Sivan|Read more, Write anything, Earn Everything
Donald Pillai|After a tragic incident you never remain the same. You pick up the pieces and emerge as a stronger, better version of yourself.
Avijeet Das|If only thy eyes flutter once, the bees lose their direction and the fighting men their aim!
Madeline  Martin, Highland Spy|A woman’s lust is addictive ," he murmured, marveling at the wetness coating his fingers as he stroked her. She trembled and her breath hitched in response. "It inspires a man to touch and to taste.
Stella Adler, The Art of Acting|Once there is realization of self challenge, ego versus soul, competition with others becomes futile.
George McGovern|We've used up a lot of bullets. And we talk about stimulus. But the truth is, we're running a federal deficit that's 9 percent of GDP. That is stimulative as all get out. It's more stimulative than any policy we've followed since World War II.
Jane Fonda|We've got to lift our game tremendously. We'll sell our business news and information in print, we'll sell it to anyone who's got a cable system, and we'll sell it on the Web.
R.A. Salvatore, The Halfling's Gem|I have long since come to believe that people never mean half of what they say, and that it is best to disregard their talk and judge only their actions.
Amanda Peet|I remember when humor was gentle pokes. I used to call it 'arm around the shoulder' humor. Now they go for the jugular and they take no prisoners. It's mean, mean stuff.
