Jen Wilde|The problem was that I carried around with me a tendency to feel that other people’s respect for me would vanish if what I did was second rate. And while I accept that this “perfectionism” is likely to stimulate the production of better work, it doesn’t, unfortunately, go hand in hand with a relaxed and happy attitude to life.
Linda Hawley, Dreams Unleashed|Though I knew in my mind that others had felt such loss, this loss was mine, and I felt that no one would ever understand it, and to try to explain the lonliness and pain I felt would be futile.
Leila Sales, This Song Will Save Your Life|People are who they are and, try as you might, you cannot make them be what you want them to be.
Janet Evanovich, Hot Six|We must choose with our agency to obey in faith that the promised blessing will come, that the promise is true because it comes from God.
E.E. Giorgi, CHIMERAS|Oi, doll, ignore him,' said Sia, using a notebook to fan her face. 'Sweet lord, I'm like a human hot-water bottle wrapped in doona in front of a heater at the moment. And did I tell you about the constant farting?
Paula Quinn ~ Ember|His every movement was laced with a lethal combination of grace and strength, a lord among mere mortals. He was confident, arrogant, composed and unfazed by her best efforts to beguile him.
John Green|It doesn’t matter how long we’ve used something; all that matters is how awesome the thing replacing it is. MP3s and automobiles happen to be really, really awesome, whereas ebooks—at least so far—are fairly limited in their awesomeness.
Abhimanyu Jha|Life can be difficult at times and many questions have no answers. The determination it takes to go on and the resiliency required of the human spirit to find joy is an integral part of existing as human. Running is symbolic of this struggle. The joy and satisfaction come from meeting the challenge head on, and realizing that just when you think you cannot go on anymore, if you pull deep from within yourself,you will find strength beyond anything imaginable.
Edward Abbey, Postcards from Ed: Dispatches and Salvos from an American Iconoclast|The weather here is windy, balmy, sometimes wet. Desert springtime, with flowers popping up all over the place, trees leafing out, streams gushing down from the mountains. Great time of year for hiking, camping, exploring, sleeping under the new moon and the old stars. At dawn and at evening we hear the coyotes howling with excitement - mating season. And lots of fresh rabbit meat hopping about to feed the young ones with.
Ashlyn Macnamara, Destined for a King|I sighed immersed in a sleeping sea. A ripple that turned into waves and then storm, stirring and blending our troubled waters
Lee Smolin, The Trouble with Physics: The Rise of String Theory, the Fall of a Science and What Comes Next|A mathematician is a magician who converts adjectives into nouns: continuous into continuum, infinite into infinity, infinitesimal into location, 0D into point, 1D into line, curved into geodesic...
Joe Bageant, Deer Hunting with Jesus: Dispatches from America's Class War|You want what you can’t have. Again, is it worth it? Does it hurt your heart or does it hurt your balls?”~ grandpa RayExcerpt From: Boheme, Kade. “Trouble & the Wallflower" Kade Boehme, 2014-03-03T20:38:08+00:00. iBooks. This material may be protected by copyright.
Liz Thebart, Walk Away|And then Luke had appeared, like a gust that had come to teach me that in life, there was nothing more precious than life itself.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Return|I glanced over to where Seth looked like he wanted to bang his head against the wall. “Hey.”The blond continued to smile, while his friend continued to stare at me.Seth sighed again. “The one grinning like he’s crazy is Deacon, and the other one is Luke.”“We’re friends of his—of Seth’s,” Deacon threw in, and Seth did not look like they were friends.“This is Josie,” Seth continued. “Please don’t be weird and scare her.”“Be weird?” Deacon rolled those gray eyes. “Ha. Whatever, dude. All you need to know about me is that I’m like a dolphin in a sea of less-smart fish,” he announced, spreading his arms with a flourish.Luke turned to him slowly as his eyebrows inched up his forehead. “What?”He shrugged. “Just saying I have a lot in common with dolphins. They’re smart. I’m smart.”Seth rubbed his hand down his face.
Jenim Dibie, The Calligraphy of God|I have always been a fire, and everyone I loved walked away as ashes, until I met a phoenix who was born to love flames.
Friedrich Nietzsche|In individuals, insanity is rare; but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule.
David Harvey|Anger becomes limiting, restricting. You can't see through it. While anger is there, look at that, too. But after a while, you have to look at something else.
William Paul Young|Even though you can't finally grasp me, guess what? I still want to be known.
Jill Soloway|I think the Mama people remember is from 'Mama's Family.' She really turned into a pretty cool character. The sketches from the 'Burnett' show, if people are old enough to remember, were written by writers who all hated their mothers.
Caren Gussoff, Three Songs for Roxy|A story must be told or there'll be no story, yet it is the untold stories that are most moving.
Ben Carson|Happiness doesn't result from what we get, but from what we give.
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|Wilds whisper, yet I long for their roar.
Mitch Albom, Have a Little Faith: a True Story|Because, from the beginning , God said, 'I'm gonna put this world into your hands. If I run everything, then that's not you.' So we were created with a piece of divinity inside us, but with this thing called free will, and I think God watches us everyday, lovingly, praying we will make the right choices.
Lea Michele|Everybody talks about wanting to change things and help and fix, but ultimately all you can do is fix yourself. And that's a lot. Because if you can fix yourself, it has a ripple effect.
Matthew Tobin Anderson|Growing up, I didn't have a lot of toys, and personal entertainment depended on individual ingenuity and imagination - think up a story and go live it for an afternoon.
Cheyenne McCray, Demons Not Included|I could picture how Caprice was before we lost her. Dark hair, beautiful smile, intelligent hazel eyes, quick wit.Now gone.Just gone.Like a chessboard where suddenly one of the knights disappeared. A blank spot on the board of life that could never truly be replaced because no two things were alike, no two beings alike.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|When you feel great about you, personal qualities radiate that make you more attractive and compelling to others.
Robin S. Sharma|Money is power, and in that government which pays all the public officers of the states will all political power be substantially concentrated.
Nick Harkaway, Tigerman|She was a woman of extended silences, I noticed, and she said very little as we walked the streets of La Boca, looking at its brightly colored houses. It was as if she understood that quiet observation was the key to knowing a place, perhaps even the key to life.
Nick Hornby, Fever Pitch|I'd tell﻿ you nice try, but... it wasn't.
Lisa Kessler, Night Child|He took her hand. If it were in my power, I would take you to that place from your movie, over the rainbow where dreams come true. But all I can offer is myself, and I'm not going anywhere.
John O. Brennan|As a former career intelligence professional, I have a profound appreciation for the value of intelligence. Intelligence disrupts terrorist plots and thwarts attacks. Intelligence saves lives.
Joshua Bell|I am not a religious person myself, but I did look for nature. I had spent my first sabbatical in New York City. Looked for something different for the second one. Europe and the U.S. didn't really feel enticing because I knew them too well. So Asia it was. The most beautiful landscapes I had seen in Asia were Sri Lanka and Bali.
Mark Twain|I attend to my fitness. I go the gym every day and try to maintain my physical fitness; without that, it is tough to take challenges on the chess board.
M.F. Moonzajer|I have lost my smile,but don't worry.The dandelion has it.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz|I mean, when do we start feeling like the world belongs to us?I wanted to tell him that the world would never belong to us. 'I don't know', I said. 'Tomorrow.
Elly Roselle|A belief is not an idea held by the mind, it is an idea that holds the mind.
Leslye Walton, The Strange and Beautiful Sorrows of Ava Lavender|A line that reads, 'Died gallantly' would tell a truer story, often, if it read, 'Died screaming'; and instead of the total number of troops who 'sacrificed' their lives, we might simply chisel onto a block of marble the number of limbs left on the battlefield or in hospitals, the number of body parts unaccounted for, missing in action. Such a memorial would be unthinkable, of course, and I must confess that even I would find it tasteless. But if you want the truth about war, you have to start and end with the screaming.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana|The next time someone tries to make you feel bad about feeling good,respond by continuing to live well.
Kate McGahan|The more we love the more we lose. The more we lose the more we learn. The more we learn the more we love. It comes full circle. Life is the school, love is the lesson. We cannot lose.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|The thing about plummetting downhill at fifty miles an hour on a snack platter - if you realize it's a bad idea when you're halfway down, it's too late.
Fahad Hassan|Men in the vehement pursuit of happiness grasp at the first object which offers to them any prospect of satisfaction, but immediately they turn an introspective eye and ask, ‘Am I happy?’ and at once from their innermost being a voice answers distinctly, ‘No, you are as poor and as miserable as before.' Then they think it was the object that deceived them and turn precipitately to another. But the second holds as little satisfaction as the first…Wandering then through life restless and tormented, at each successive station they think that happiness dwells at the next, but when they reach it happiness is no longer there. In whatever position they may find themselves there is always another one which they discern from afar, and which but to touch, they think, is to find the wished delight, but when the goal is reached discontent has followed on the way stands in haunting constancy before them.
Joe Rogan|When we dream alone it is only a dream, but when many dream together it is the beginning of a new reality.
Angelica Hopes|Arrogance, disrespect and demand have higher price.Kindness, respect and tact give better prize.
S.L. Wallace|This was my world: cold, tangled and distorted. -Keira
Alexei Sayle|I've been thinking a lot about space. It was one of those slow-motion realisations how little we are, how far we are from everything else in our solar system. This idea of distance started kind of haunting me. How do you go forth and accomplish things but not end up leaving everything you started out with in the dust?
Penelope Douglas, Punk 57|The world isn’t always what’s right in front of you, you know? It’s below, it’s above, it’s out there somewhere. Every burn of every light inside every house I see when I look down from the rooftop has a story. Sometimes we just need to change our perspective. And when I look down at everything, I remember that there’s more out there than just what’s going on in my house—the bullshit with my dad, school, my future. I look at all those full houses, and I remember, I’m just one of many. It’s not to say we’re not special or important, but it’s comforting, I guess. You don’t feel so alone.
Paul David Tripp, Awe: Why It Matters for Everything We Think, Say, and Do|The angers between women will not kill us if we can articulate them with precision, if we listen to the content of what is said with at least as much intensity as we defend ourselves agains the manner of saying. When we turn from anger we turn from insight, saying we will accept only the designs already known, deadly and safely familiar. I have tried to learn my anger's usefulness to me, as well as its limitations.
Khalil Gibran|As an entrepreneur, you never stop learning.
Sidney Halston, Full Contact|You don't like birthdays, Aelan?" The silver eyes ran over her gently. "Because I can help you love birthdays...trust me." ~Nolan
Lailah Gifty Akita|Human being may fail you, but God will never forsake thee.
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Wherever You Go, There You Are: Mindfulness Meditation in Everyday Life|Another way to look at meditation is to view the process of thinking itself as a waterfall, a continual cascading of thought. In cultivating mindfulness we are going beyond or behind our thinking, much the way you might find a vantagepoint in a cave or depression in a rock behind a waterfall. We still see and hear the water, but we are out of the torrent.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|True strength resides in the heart, alongside beauty. So when in distress remember that you are courageously beautiful.
Oswald Chambers, My Utmost for His Highest|Never look for justice in this world, never cease to give it.
Andrea Bouchaud, Twenty in Paris: A Young American Perspective of Studying Abroad in Paris|When it was time to board my flight, I took one last glance back. I knew that I had everything with me so it was not a "make sure I have everything" glance. It was more like a parting glance to Philadelphia, my home, America- for I would not be coming back for ten months. (Ch 5- Twenty in Paris)
Lawrence Lessig, Remix: Making Art and Commerce Thrive in the Hybrid Economy|But, like all metaphoric wars, the copyright wars are not actual conflicts of survival. Or at least, they are not conflicts for survival of a people or a society, even if they are wars of survival for certain businesses or, more accurately, business models. Thus we must keep i mind the other values or objectives that might also be affected by this war. We must make sure this war doesn't cost more than it is worth. We must be sure it is winnable, or winnable at a price we're willing to pay.
Paul Tillich|An act of God was defined as "something which no reasonable man could have expected."
Maj Sjöwall|Woman, don't you know, is such a subject that however much you study it, it's always perfectly new.
Edward Vilga, Downward Dog|Vairâgya or renunciation is the turning point in all the various Yogas. The Karmi (worker) renounces the fruits of his work. The Bhakta (devotee) renounces all little loves for the almighty and omnipresent love. The Yogi renounces his experiences, because his philosophy is that the whole Nature, although it is for the experience of the soul, at last brings him to know that he is not in Nature, but eternally separate from Nature. The Jnâni (philosopher) renounces everything, because his philosophy is that Nature never existed, neither in the past, nor present, nor will It in the future.
Tulga Demir|It's simpler to live in a mindset of moving forward, than in a mindset of procrastination!
Ban Ki-moon|Unfortunately, some women want to remake their husbands after their own design.
Anthony Trollope|If to live is to progress, if you are lucky, from foolishness to wisdom, then to write novels is to broadcast the various stages of your foolishness.
Sunday Adelaja|If all men are made in God's reflection, then why do some people continue to acknowledge only what is in their part of the mirror? If every man was truly created equal, and in the image of God, then how can any man claim that one race is better than another, or that one nation is less deserving than another?
Jim Butcher, Fool Moon|Technically,' I said, "I'm not breaking any of the Laws of Magic. I'm not robbing you of your will, so I'm clear of the Fourth Law. And you didn't get loose, so I'm clear of the Seventh Law. The Council can bite me.'The bone ridges above Chauncy's eyes twitched. 'Surely, that is merely a colorful euphemism, rather than a statement of desire.''It is.
Mary Oliver|A carpenter is hired- a roof repaired, a porch built. Everything that can be fixed. June, July, August. Everyday we hear their laughter. I think of the painting by van Gogh, the man in the chair. Everything wrong, and nowhere to go. His hands over his eyes.
James Baldwin, Giovanni's Room|So much time and energy, so much love and learning had gone into those long years of motherhood, and now, between a morning and a morning—or so it felt—they were over. It seemed that mothers of daughters had a more extended role but she knew that she was lucky to be allowed any part in her boys' lives and tried hard to be grateful and undemanding. It wasn't always easy, when she loved them so much, to practice detachment.... Odd that the last of the parenting skills should be the most painful: the final act of letting go.
James Hillman, The Soul's Code: In Search of Character and Calling|Though a lifetime of listening to the music of the world has passed, even now the tone of the rain on the roof of my home is the sweetest sound I have ever heard.
Steven Magee|Police officers are poorly paid for a very stressful job that has them in very high powered radio frequency (RF) fields and in a daily environment that may result in them being assaulted, maimed or killed.
John F. Kennedy|In the End, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|Stop!" he yelled at the others. "Multigrain fighting is not allowed!
Richard Stark|She's dead. So is your fat pansy. You can be dead, too, if you want.
Robert Sternberg|Of course, learning is strengthened and solidified when it occurs in a safe, secure and normal environment.
Lindsay McKenna, Wind River Wrangler|The lush greenness of the pastures infused Shiloh. Overhead, she saw a red-tailed hawk flying in higher and higher circles in the sky. There were bluebirds everywhere, many of them sitting on fence posts. When they took off, that flash of brilliant blue always made her gasp with delight; it was almost an unearthly gorgeous color.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|placid, adj.Sometimes I love it when we just lie on our backs, gaze off, stay still.
Richard J. Foster, Freedom of Simplicity: Finding Harmony in a Complex World|In a world of limited resources, our wealth is at the expense of the poor. To put it simply, if we have it, others cannot.
Osho, Creativity: Unleashing the Forces Within|Everybody is born creative, but very few people remain creative.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The world rewards you for what is in your mind, the universe rewards you for what is in your heart, and the Heavens reward you for what is in your soul.
Dang Nghiem, Healing: A Woman's Journey from Doctor to Nun|As much as possible, it is useful to think of all other beings as being just like me. Every living being strives for happiness. Every being wants to avoid all forms of suffering. They are not just objects or things to be used for our benefit. You know, Mahatma Gandhi once said: 'The greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated.
Wally Lamb, We Are Water|Maybe that's what love is. Having someone who guides you through different experiences, coaxes you to try news things but still makes you feel safe.
Alex Hansen, The New Devil|For whence did Dante get the material for his hell, if not from this actual world of ours? And indeed he made a downright hell of it.
John Quelch|I'm a health nut, but when I eat, I go hard. I'm a Buffalo wing magnet, a sandwich fanatic, a cheesesteak guy. But I'll only get a cheesesteak in Philadelphia. No one else does it right.
Daniel Abraham|It's the problem in seeing too much of the world. In loving too much of it. You can only live in one place at a time. And eventually, you pick your spot, and the memories of all the others just become ghosts.
Bertrand Russell|I like work/life separation, not work/life balance. What I mean by that is, if I'm on, I want to be on and maximally productive. If I'm off, I don't want to think about work. When people strive for work/life balance, they end up blending them. That's how you end up checking email all day Saturday.
Renee Carlino, Sweet Thing|Once my grandmother told me I needed to find God and I said, “Why don’t you just tell me where to look and save me the trouble?” I was dead serious. Faith, destiny, all the shit you can’t see, but yet people are so willing to take the leap. Not me.
Larken Rose|Think what it implies when you say that a country needs leaders. In your day-to-day life, you interact with all sorts of other individuals. And that's all society is: the collective name for lots of INDIVIDUALS. But for some inexplicable reason, we're taught to believe that one huge, arbitrarily chosen assortment of individuals (the "citizens" of one human livestock farm--I mean, "country") need some control freaks acting as intermediaries in order to interact with a different arbitrarily chosen assortment of individuals (the "citizens" of some other human livestock farm--I mean, "country"). Because gee, how could I and some random person in the middle of China possibly leave each other alone if we didn't each have a gang of narcissistic sociopaths claiming to "represent" us? Oh, wait a minute. That's exactly how and why pretty much ALL wars happen: because different gangs of power-happy psychos pit their pawns against each other in violent conflict, while claiming to "represent" subsets of humanity. One more example of how "government" is a problem posing as its own solution.
Mark Henshaw, The Snow Kimono|Apologies, one loses perspective after spending a week in a brothel.
Meg Cabot, Big Boned|Also, I think I felt something come loose back there. I'm not trying to overreact or anything but I think it was my uterus. Honest. I think my uterus jiggled free. My uterus is just going to come out between my legs and I'm going to look like I'm walking around with an enormous load in my pants.
Cameo Renae, In My Dreams|Love's not Time's fool, though rosy lips and cheeks within his bending sickle's compass come.
Kiersten White, Mind Games|Each day of the week, Kalist indulges himself in a different, secret ritual. On Mondays, he wears cologne. On Tuesdays, he eats meat for lunch. On Wednesdays, he places a bet after work. On Thursdays, he smokes one cigarette (but claims he’s not a smoker). On Fridays, he treats himself to his favourite pastime: horse practice – he grew up with horses and likes to try and emulate their distinctive whinnies, snorts, neighs, snuffles, sighs, grunts, fluttering nostrils, the occasional aggressive outburst and the especially beautiful nicker of a mare to her foal. And, on Saturdays, lest we forget, Maxwell D. Kalist drinks wine from a chalice.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84|For a ten-year-old boy and a ten-year-old girl to become good friends was not easy under any circumstances. Indeed, it might be one of the most difficult accomplishments in the world.
Santosh Kalwar, Quote Me Everyday|Student: I don't feel like living anymore. Teacher: If you don't feel like doing something then don't do. This means that in finding many ways how not to live your life, you have the possibility to discover how to live your life.
Tony Horwitz, Midnight Rising: John Brown and the Raid That Sparked the Civil War|Asked what would be his idea of Heaven, one statesman in 1897 said it would be to "receive a flow of telegrams alternating news of a British victory by sea and a British victory by land.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|All men either consciously or subconsciously crave for authority over their environment, especially over their peers in the society, male and female alike. Women on the other hand, crave for intimacy especially from their female peers in the society. Colloquially this is what you call “gossiping”.
Janine Benyus|Deep inside, we still have a longing to be reconnected with the nature that shaped our imagination
Jon Katz|I think if I've learned anything about friendship, it's to hang in, stay connected, fight for them, and let them fight for you. Don't walk away, don't be distracted, don't be too busy or tired, don't take them for granted. Friends are part of the glue that holds life and faith together. Powerful stuff.
Guy Laliberte|Temporary success can be achieved in spite of lack of other fundamental qualities, but no advancements can be maintained without hard work.
Dr. Clyde Wilson|What makes an action positive or negative? Not how it looks, not whether it is big or small, but it is the positive or negative motivation that is behind it. No matter how many teachings that you have heard, to be motivated by ordinary concerns, such as a desire for greatness, fame or whatever, is not the way of the true Dharma.
Indra Sinha, Animal's People|You're well enough looked after now' says Farouq. 'We are your friends. Don't we care about you? All this bitterness, it's in your own mind. To be accepted as a human being, you must behave like one. The more human you act, the more human you'll be.' He spoils the effect of this decent speech by adding with a smirk, 'Four-foot cunt.
Nancy B. Brewer|I am reminded that the children we birth do not belong to us. They belong to God. We are simply the vessel through which they arrive on this earth. We are appointed to care for and guide them; however, we must recognize when the time comes for them to govern their own lives.
Charles Darwin, The Origin of Species|I am an enthusiastic Darwinian, but I think Darwinism is too big a theory to be confined to the narrow context of the gene.
Susannah Sandlin, Black Diamond|I don't have casual sex," she said.He almost smiled. It was merely an expression in those pale eyes, rather than an actual movement of his mouth. "My dear, I promise you there wouldn't be anything casual about it.
Julius Caesar|So I would say God hates war, but God loves every soldier.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The holy servants are stewards of the mysteries of Saviour, the Son of God.
Robert Boswell, Tumbledown|no song no picture or words will make you love me ,, may be you will never know ,, or may be you knew and felt sorry for me or thought it was sweet ,,but nothing will make me more than just a passing thought or a name you try to put for a face ,,,for me you are an exiting pain ,something that i involuntary need to share with the world how i suffer every time i hear a song or see a love them ,,after all this i need to see the facts ,,i gambled and i lost ,, i had to let the thought of you go ,, it is hard ,,it is painful ,,but it something i need to do ,, for me
Rainbow Rowell, Fangirl|Colt, you’re going to be a nurse, not a cop. If anything happens, I’ll pay the fines for you.”“Still don’t need it.”“Why?” She paused for a moment, thinking. “Because you’re still trying to get into Daddy’s good books?”“Shut up,” I muttered, blowing my frustrations into another balloon—it grew between my palms. This had nothing to do with my father.“From what you’ve told me of the guy, he’s a jerking dick, Colt. I don’t know why you’re seeking his approval.
Victoria Schwab, Vicious|He was like one of those pictures full of small errors, the kind you could only pick out by searching the image from every angle, and even then, a few always slipped by. On the surface, Eli seemed perfectly normal, but now and then Victor would catch a crack, a sideways glance, a moment when his roommate's face and his words, his look and his meaning, would not line up. Those fleeting slices fascinated Victor. It was like watching two people, one hiding in the other's skin. And their skin was always too dry, on the verge of cracking and showing the color of the thing beneath.
Harry Gilbert|My feeling is that a good teacher can get results using any method, and that a bad teacher can wreck any method.
John Yoo|Human-rights advocates, for example, claim that the mistreatment of Iraqi prisoners is of a piece with President Bush's 2002 decision to deny al Qaeda and Taliban fighters the legal status of prisoners of war under the Geneva Conventions.
Noam Chomsky|The other day I happened to be reading a careful, interesting account of the state of British higher education. The government is a kind of market-oriented government and they came out with an official paper, a ‘White Paper’ saying that it is not the responsibility of the state to support any institution that can’t survive in the market. So, if Oxford is teaching philosophy, the arts, Greek history, medieval history, and so on, and they can’t sell it on the market, why should they be supported? Because life consists only of what you can sell in the market and get back, nothing else. That is a real pathology.
Angus Wilson, The Pan Book of Horror Stories|I didn't want to be in hell, even for a moment. I sure as hell wasn't going there just to spit in the face of the Prince of Darkness, whoever he might be!On the contrary, if I was a damned thing, then let the son of a bitch come for me! Let him tell me why I was mean to suffer. I would truly like to know.As for oblivion, well, we can wait a little while for that.
Desmond Tutu|Barack Obama knows that to create an economy built to last, we need to focus on middle-class families. Families who stay up on Sunday nights pacing the floor, like my dad did, while their children, tucked in bed, dream big dreams. Families who aren't sure what Monday morning will bring, but who believe our nation's best days are still ahead.
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|But the purpose of the book is not the horror, it is horror's defeat.
Carlos Wallace|Success is determined by how little time you have to worry whether others are criticizing you, while being too focused to address them if they are.
Marcel Proust, The Guermantes Way|On the Path of the Wise there is probably no danger more deadly, no poison more pernicious, no seduction more subtle than Spiritual Pride; it strikes, being solar, at the very heart of the Aspirant; more, it is an inflation and exacerbation of the Ego, so that its victim runs the peril of straying into a Black Lodge, and finding himself at home there.
Oliver Markus Malloy, Bad Choices Make Good Stories - Going to New York|I grew up in Germany. Europe is far more liberal than America. Even most conservative right-wing parties over there are to the left of the US Democrats on many issues. For example, it wouldn't occur to even the most right-wing party in Europe to oppose universal healthcare. But this isn't a book about politics. It's about sex and drugs. You know, the good stuff.
Bobby F. Kimbrough Jr.|No matter how difficult things may seem, all things are possible.
Sunday Adelaja|What is wrong with you?” Radu sounded on the verge of tears. “Why do you have to destroy everything good we have here?”“Because,” Lada said, voice flat with the sudden wave of exhaustion pulling her heavily to the ground. “We have nothing. Can you not see that?”“We have Mehmed!”Lada looked up. The stars were static, still and cold in the night, all the fire gone from the sky. “It is not enough,” she said.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|I believe that all of us have a little bit of "crazy" in us, even if just a pinch. It could manifest out of extreme enthusiasm, foolish behavior or downright insanity. Aside from its legal concept, insanity or "crazy" is a personality trait, a neurotic emotional state that can surprisingly be beneficial to us in many ways--especially when it comes to creativity, increasing consciousness, as well as problem-solving. However, when your crazy outweighs your rationale, it is definitely time to seek professional help.
Lifehouse|Yes i am sad because i want to be happy, if never want to be a happy i never became sad
Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu|As far as the lack of hits goes, I think perhaps it's because I've played a lot of different roles and have not created a persona that the public can latch on to. I have played everything from psychopathic killers to romantic leading men, and in picking such diverse roles I have avoided typecasting.
Friedrich A. Hayek, The Road to Serfdom|Everything which might cause doubt about the wisdom of the government or create discontent will be kept from the people. The basis of unfavorable comparisons with elsewhere, the knowledge of possible alternatives to the course actually taken, information which might suggest failure on the part of the government to live up to its promises or to take advantage of opportunities to improve conditions--all will be suppressed. There is consequently no field where the systematic control of information will not be practiced and uniformity of views not enforced.
Lionel Suggs|If we can widen the range of experiences beyond what we as individuals have encountered, if we can draw upon the experiences of others who've had to confront comparable situations in the past, then - although there are no guarantees - our chances of acting wisely should increase proportionately.
Ka Chinery|Ascension is the triumph of mastered emotions; a process of gaining clarity in the darkness of blind spots and struggles, allowing you to perceive with the karmic intelligence of the Soul.
Nilesh jain|A new collection of matter and information to present to the universe and to which it in turn will be presented; different, arguably equal parts of that great ever-repetitive, ever-changing jurisdiction of being.
Teodor Flonta, A Luminous Future|All the light was now coming from the East; and it looked breathtakingly new. In a very short time, everything was nationalized, from banks to factories, from pharmacies to little distilleries.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|To live is to paint, it is to create; but while we are painting, we are being painted, being created as well!
Benjamin Netanyahu|Gay and lesbian people have families, and their families should have legal protection, whether by marriage or civil union.
Deyth Banger|Your money does not define your standard, your personality does.
Joseph Lewis, An Atheist Manifesto|When man comes to the realization that he is not the "favorite" of God; that he was not specially created, that the universe was not made for his benefit, and that he is subject to the same laws of nature as all other forms of life, then, and not until then, will he understand that he must rely upon himself, and himself alone, for whatever benefits he is to enjoy; and devote his time and energies to helping himself and his fellow men to meet the exigencies of life and to set about to solve the difficult and intricate problems of living.The recognition of a problem is the first step to its solution— We are not "fallen" angels, nor were we "created" perfect.On the contrary, we are the product of millions of years of an unpurposed evolution. We are the descendants and inheritors of all the defects of our primitive ancestry—the evolution of the myriad forms of life from the infinitesimal to the mammoth—from the worm to the dinosaur.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Only the fear of God, can deliver us from evil.
Terry Pratchett, Going Postal|Do you understand what I'm saying?"shouted Moist. "You can't just go around killing people!""Why Not? You Do." The golem lowered his arm."What?" snapped Moist. "I do not! Who told you that?""I Worked It Out. You Have Killed Two Point Three Three Eight People," said the golem calmly."I have never laid a finger on anyone in my life, Mr Pump. I may be–– all the things you know I am, but I am not a killer! I have never so much as drawn a sword!""No, You Have Not. But You Have Stolen, Embezzled, Defrauded And Swindled Without Discrimination, Mr Lipvig. You Have Ruined Businesses And Destroyed Jobs. When Banks Fail, It Is Seldom Bankers Who Starve. Your Actions Have Taken Money From Those Who Had Little Enough To Begin With. In A Myriad Small Ways You Have Hastened The Deaths Of Many. You Do Not Know Them. You Did Not See Them Bleed. But You Snatched Bread From Their Mouths And Tore Clothes From Their Backs. For Sport, Mr Lipvig. For Sport. For The Joy Of The Game.
Abraham M. Alghanem, Summer and Autumn|I know what it feels like, and it sucks, it really does, when you are up in the middle of the night thinking about the things that you've suddenly became aware of. The things you're missing out on right now, and all the people who are not close to you anymore, and all of the good times that will never happen again, and all the people who have meant the world to you who have forgotten about you forever, and you get this awful feeling that's kind of like a mix between loneliness and nostalgia.
Anthony Bourdain, The Nasty Bits: Collected Varietal Cuts, Usable Trim, Scraps, and Bones|It’s an irritating reality that many places and events defy description. Angkor Wat and Machu Picchu, for instance, seem to demand silence, like a love affair you can never talk about. For a while after,you fumble for words, trying vainly to assemble a private narrative, an explanation, a comfortable way to frame where you’ve been and whats happened. In the end, you’re just happy you were there- with your eyes open- and lived to see it.
William Hazlitt, On the Pleasure of Hating|We can always hate that which we loved, and with a fire as great as our love once was.
Anna Keesey, Little Century|Peri went to the window, gesturing out at the dragons, perched and flying, everywhere. "Safe, true, but how boring! How confining! How sad! How could that compare with this? And what is safe? You were not safe on your little farm. War came to you and took all your safety away! If I am to be in this world, I want more than to be a hound upon the game board, tucked away in a corner until the jackals come and sweep all away!
Srijita Sarkar, Red Christmas|You know kid…it’s not that every adult stops dreaming because they want to…it’s because…once we grow up, we realize that the world’s like the big bad wolf from the Little Red Riding Hood…it stinks big time and is ever-ready to gobble up any stragglers. It’s this race we sign up for from the moment we are born…if we lose, we get thrown out pretty bad.
Lauren Groff, Fates and Furies|It as mathematical, marriage, not, as one might expect, additional; it was exponential. This one man, nervous in a suite a size too small for his long, lean self, this woman, in a green lace dress cut to the upper thigh, with a white rose behind her ear. Christ, so young. The woman before them was a unitarian minister, and on her buzzed scalp, the grey hairs shone in a swab of sun through the lace in the window. Outside, Poughkeepsie was waking. Behind them, a man in a custodian's uniform cried softly beside a man in pajamas with a Dachshund, their witnesses, a shine in everyone's eye. One could taste the love on the air, or maybe that was sex, or maybe that was all the same then.'I do,' she said.'I do,' he said.They did. They would. Our children will be so fucking beautiful, he thought, looking at her. Home, she thought, looking at him. 'You may kiss,' said the officiant. They did, would. Now they thanked everyone and laughed, and papers were signed and congratulations offered, and all stood for a moment, unwilling to leave this gentile living room where there was such softness. The newlyweds thanked everyone again, shyly, and went out the door into the cool morning. They laughed, rosy. In they'd come integers, out they came, squared. Her life, in the window, the parakeet, scrap of blue midday in the London dusk, ages away from what had been most deeply lived. Day on a rocky beach, creatures in the tide pool. All those ordinary afternoons, listening to footsteps in the beams of the house, and knowing the feeling behind them. Because it was so true, more than the highlights and the bright events, it was in the daily where she'd found life. The hundreds of time she'd dug in her garden, each time the satisfying chew of spade through soil, so often that this action, the pressure and release and rich dirt smell delineated the warmth she'd felt in the cherry orchard. Or this, each day they woke in the same place, her husband waking her with a cup of coffee, the cream still swirling into the black. Almost unremarked upon this kindness, he would kiss her on the crown of her head before leaving, and she'd feel something in her rising in her body to meet him. These silent intimacies made their marriage, not the ceremonies or parties or opening nights or occasions, or spectacular fucks. Anyway, that part was finished. A pity...
Stephen Richards, Street Warrior: The True Story of the Legendary Malcolm Price, Britain's Hardest Man|It was as if my sould had left my body, floated up to the ceiling, and was watching me destroy my own career with one deliberately assaultive punch. (Dark City Lights)
O.Z. Napaeae|Many were incarcerated with the aberrant prosaic possibilities of ataraxia. Only the mentally sensitive few were cognizant of the nuisance to serenity and an actuality that lacked a balance betwixt havoc and sangfroid. The intellectual capabilities of the excellent idiosyncratic talents of a man with an agog outlook for de minimis fringe entities had left the portal ajar for the enlightened few, to get a glimpse of the obsecure reality that most had decided to claim socratic ignorance to evade inquiries.
Nora Roberts, Blue Dahlia|Well, when it became obvious that magic was going to wreck the computer networks, people tried to preserve portions of the Internet. They took snapshots of their servers and sent the data to a central database at the Library of Congress. The project became known as the Library of Alexandria, because in ancient times Alexandria's library was said to contain all the human knowledge, before some jackass burned it to the ground.
Terry Brooks, The Elfstones of Shannara|The Elven people believe that preservation of the land and all that lives and grows upon it, plant and animal alike, is a moral responsibility. They have always held this belief foremost in their conduct as creatures of the earth. In the old world, they devoted the whole of their lives to caring for the woodlands and forests in which they lived, cultivating its various forms of vegetation, sheltering the animals that it harbored. Of course, they had little else to concern them in those days, for they were an isolated and reclusive people. All that has changed now, but they still maintain a belief in their moral responsibility for their world. Every Elf is expected to spend a portion of his life giving back to the land something of what he has taken out of it. By that I mean every Elf is expected to devote a part of his life to working with the land–to repairing damage it may have suffered through misuse or neglect, to caring for its animals and other wildlife, to caring for its trees and smaller plants where the need to do so is found.
Bianca Olthoff|Why do deprivation, adversity, scarcity, and suffering often produce the best character qualities in us while prosperity, ease, and abundance often produce the worst? There is an invisible pattern in the design of deprivation: deprivation draws out desire. Absence heightens it.
Jhumpa Lahiri, The Namesake|Try to remember it always," he said once Gogol had reached him, leading him slowly back across the breakwater, to where his mother and Sonia stood waiting. "Remember that you and I made this journey together to a place where there was nowhere left to go.
C. JoyBell C.|Cake is happiness! If you know the way of the cake, you know the way of happiness! If you have a cake in front of you, you should not look any further for joy!
Richelle Mead, Last Sacrifice|Recovery is the urge, the wrestle, and the resurrection.
Nora Roberts, Key of Knowledge|Never try to keep it professional, keep it smutty, write with bodily fluids on sandpaper, and damn the men with clipboards in white suits, the literary bean-counters, the prose police.
Lori Ryan, Negotiation Tactics|I didn't want to hurt him!" Ender cried. "Why didn't he just leave me alone!
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Learning your lesson from a mistake is healthy, but living forever in the emotions of your past mistakes is toxic and debilitating.
Black Sabbath, Black Sabbath - Master of Reality|Always. At every moment, asleep and awake, during the most sublime and most abject moments, Amaranta thought of Rebeca, because solitude had made a selection in her memory and had burned the dimming piles of nostalgic waste that life had accumulated in her heart, and had purified, magnified, and eternalized the others, the most bitter ones.
Lionel Suggs|You are my home; it is in your loving gaze that I find the comfort, acceptance, and the sense of belonging.
Avina Celeste|If you go with the flow, life will take you where it pleases, good or bad. If you take charge and fight, you can go anywhere that you please.
Nina Jean Slack|Writing has become more than just a profession, and hobby…it has become a way to express my feelings and pour my entire soul into the pages of my books. Thank God for the little things in life that makes us feel infinite and tranquil…the little things that make way for us to escape reality and enter new worlds that we create. -Nina Jean Slack
Bryson Tiller|I tried writing fiction as a little kid, but had a teacher humiliate me, so didn't write again until I was a senior in college.
Pope John Paul|Watching Paris is Burning, I began to think that the many yuppie-looking, straight -acting, pushy, predominantly white folks in the audience were there because the film in no way interrogates “whiteness.” These folks left the film saying it was “amazing,” “marvellous,” incredibly funny,” worthy of statements like, “Didn’t you just love it?” And no, I didn’t love it. For in many ways the film was a graphic documentary portrait of the way in which colonized black people (in this case black gay brothers, some of whom were drag queens) worship at the throne of whiteness, even when such worship demands that we live in perpetual self-hate, steal, go hungry, and even die in its pursuit. The "we" evoked here is all of us, black people/people of color, who are daily bombarded by a powerful colonizing whiteness that seduces us away from ourselves, that negates that there is beauty to be found in any form of blackness that is not imitation whiteness.
Omar Khayyám, Rubaiyat of Omar Khayyam|You are right; I am not good at moving in society. Be merciful. You do not understand me; I live in the woods by choice--that is my happiness. Here, where I am all alone, it can hurt no one that I am as I am; but when I go among others, I have to use all my will power to be as I should.
|I am proud of the man I was yesterday, and very happy with the man I am today. However, I am gladly looking forward to the man I will become tomorrow. Just like a red wine, I dare to get better with age.
James  Jones|What? Don't you want a girl who can talk dirty to you?"His look only hardens. "No, Lucy. I'm serious. I won't tolerate that from you." He doesn't look away and I feel that heat in the pit of my stomach, spreading down again. "Well...I've heard you curse before..." I swallow loudly, but keep his gaze."I'm a man.
J.R. Ward, Lover Reborn|Then again, he supposed the healing process, in contrast to trauma, was gentle and slow... The soft closing of a door, rather than a slam.- John
Jake Vander-Ark, The Brandywine Prophet|William looked up... through his tears... past the catwalk and lights... past the sky... through the dark and clouds and stars and into the void where he once knew God existed, then turned himself outside-in, alone, and asked, 'Why?
Hugh Jackman|When everyone at school is speaking one language, and a lot of your classmates' parents also speak it, and you go home and see that your community is different -there is a sense of shame attached to that. It really takes growing up to treasure the specialness of being different.
Anne Lamott|No matter how people mess with you or let you down, or how you let yourself down, a good book means that when you get in bed that night, you have a good hour. I feel like you pay all day for that hour. That's what books mean to me. I can open this two-dimensional, flat white page with squiggly little black marks on them, and someone has created this world that you're going to enter into ...
Jesus I. Aldapuerta, The Eyes: Emetic Fables from the Andalusian de Sade|Pretty doll," rasped the dark haired vampire as he went about behind her, and she could feel his ravenous hunger practically radiating off him.
Jeffrey Fry|Trust is tough since it involves that quixotic mix of integrity, vulnerability, and intimacy. But trust anyway.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Your vision must state the end result and must be stated in the positive so that it will be a constant source of inspiration. Begin by, “I will…
Lik Hock Yap|Just because all your friends are doing it, doesn't mean you have to follow suit. Don't be a blind follower, you don't know where you're going.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|Anybody out there who is a parent, if your kids want to paint their bedrooms,as a favor to me, let them do it. It'll be OK.
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Loving spirits are with you every step of the way, cheering you on and offering help when they can. You are never alone.
Rainer Maria Rilke, Letters to a Young Poet|Many people suffer from the fear of finding oneself alone, and so they don't find themselves at all.
Mikko Alanne|All vegans and vegetarians have heard it: “But what about the plants? What about their feelings? They feel pain, too. Don’t you feel bad for the carrots? You are killing them, you know.”Sorry, but the above represent the dumbest set of excuses I’ve ever heard as to why some people claim eating animals is morally equivalent to eating plants. Tellingly, these people’s concern for plant feelings has not reared its head over eating a baked potato with steak, or seeing capers in chicken piccata. No, it’s arisen because the conversation has turned to cruelty toward the animals we eat, something that’s difficult to swallow.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Works of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|On my strand, lovely flowers their blossoms unfold,My mother shall grace thee with garments of gold.
Virgil Kalyana Mittata Iordache|One day, it will all make sense, it will all be revealed. Until then, we learn to live and accept our shadows, our Déjà vu's, our dreams, our intuition that takes us to places that our minds never conceived, our bodies only perceived and our souls gladly remembered. Conversations and experiences amuse me, for I am experimenting with my feelings in ways that I can only do down here. Language makes up for a very interesting, yet bizarre way of putting thoughts into spoken form for the sound to move on in other peoples' ears, but every language, every sound, every word carries with it a long history, a deep culture and the souls of the many people who have previously used it throughout the centuries. Our hearts give us direction, hope and the passion to keep moving forward.. But what we do when they're frozen, broken, torn apart by an unhealthy way of living is what gives us new strength to push forward or kills us completely. Deep inside, we feed the entities that empower the fight between our internal demons and angels. We feed them with our thoughts, our emotions, our self-talk and the external talk that we lower our shields to at times. Whether good or bad, this brings about a change internally and at times there isn't much we can do to protect ourselves. At times, we need to let things be and go along with it. Of course, we're all worried, stressed, confused and lacking direction at times and we're in the same way at peace, stable and walking in the right direction once we get things sorted. Give it some time, give it some light, give it some love. You're not very far away.
Zaman Ali, Humanity|Human as an intellectual being needs answers about the existence for the purpose of knowing the way to live.” ― Zaman Ali, Humanitytags: being-answer, existence, human, intellect, knowing, live, purpose
Lailah Gifty Akita|Once chosen, forever chosen.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|Where shall we three meet again in thunder, lightning, or in rain? When the hurlyburly 's done, when the battle 's lost and won
Carrie Vaughn|A man like you is a god, not just a machine covered with skin, but a theater where fine feelings sprout and grow-and feelings are all that matters, as far as I'm concerned. Is a feeling anything but an entire world poured into a thought?
Diogenes|Once you begin to believe there is help "out there " you will know it to be true.
Hermann Hesse, Narcissus and Goldmund|One of the disadwantages of school and learning, he thought dreamily, was that the mind seemed to have the tendency too see and represent all things as though they were flat and had only two dimensions. This, somehow, seemed to render all matters of intellect shallow and worthless...
Dinah Maria Mulock Craik, John Halifax, Gentleman|Manhood had come to him, both in character and demeanour, not as it comes to most young lads, an eagerly-desired and presumptuously-asserted claim, but as a rightful inheritance, to be received humbly, and worn simply and naturally.
Gift Gugu Mona|Every day you have a new chapter to write about your journey of life. As you write that chapter, do it so well such that when others read it; you would still be proud of yourself.
C.S. Woolley|The world, my friend Govinda, is not imperfect, or on a slow path towards perfection: no, it is perfect in every moment, all sin already carries the divine forgiveness in itself.
Iris Blaire, Dark Frame|How do you know she had sex?” Dallas asks.“Every time a penis touches Britain, I receive a telepathic notification.”“Oh,” Dallas says with a straight face. “Well that explains a lot.
Francois de La Rochefoucauld|A tree is known by its fruit; a man by his deeds. A good deed is never lost; he who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love.
Kevin Systrom|A few years back, when my style was 'punk grandma,' I picked up an amazing pair of sandals - orthopaedic ones, with really thick soles. I've given them away to a friend now, because these days my look is more '1980s substitute teacher gone wild.'
Nicholas Sparks, Safe Haven|People never lie so much as before an election, during a war, or after a hunt.
Catherynne M. Valente, Palimpsest|... relationships required such vigilance, such attention. You had to hold them together by force of will, and other people took up so much space, demanded so much time. It was exhausting.
Lois Lowry|I remember it so well. Dying. It was the most painful thing I've ever experienced. I couldn't scream because my lungs were torn apart or full of blood. I don't know. I just had to lie there, trying to breathe, hoping to drop dead as quickly as possible. And the whole time, the whole time I kept thinking about how I'd spent my entire life being a coward, and how it got me nowhere. And I knew that if I had the chance to do it all again, I'd do it differently. I promised myself I'd finally stop being afraid.
L.M. Browning, Seasons of Contemplation: A Book of Midnight Meditations|Justified within ourselves that we have suffered more than others, we feel guiltless when we disregard those in front of us, be they our family, our co-workers, strangers we interact with during our daily business, or faceless masses in foreign lands.There are those who transcend the bitter acts done unto them, declaring that the pain shall end with them. And then there are those who use the crimes committed against them as a free pass to commit crimes against others. Wronged as we each have been, nothing gives us the right to disregard the fragility of another. We can and must halt the hate passing throughout this world. A hateful act done unto us can be absorbed and transcended or it can be re-projected, thus allowing its ill force to continue moving throughout the population.We must work to transcend those hateful things already carried out upon each of us and in doing so prevent new acts of hate from being done. We must work to heal from the wounds already received and connect to a sense of consideration, to ensure that we do not pass along any of our pain to the generations as yet unburdened.We must declare a general amnesty; we must forgive each other and in doing so find that we have been forgiven. We must put away our bitterness and extend an open hand.
Jennifer Crusie, Getting Rid of Bradley|What are you doing?""I'm, uh, acting normal.""No you're not. You're acting like someone pretending to be normal. Stop pretending and start acting, but don't act like you're not pretending, that'll make it worse.
Tessa Bailey, Unfixable|When you kissed me, Clyde? I felt more in that one pissed-off kiss than I felt in those three or four attempts at making love. And I realized it wasn't a lie, after all. That was the best kiss I've ever had. By far. So tell me what I have to do to earn another one, because embarrassingly enough, I always seem to be the girl begging for affection and even with a broken give-a-damn, I don't know how much more humiliation I can take.
S.C. Stephens, Thoughtless|The men laugh at the witty line, but it is not a belly laugh. Beasley's mouth is in a wide smile, but his eyes do not laugh, for there is little reason for joy. And if eyes are indeed mirrors of the soul, then they reflect an infinite sadness. I look away, afraid of what mine might reflect
Christine Pelosi|If we truly understand, remember, and love the people of Indonesia, let us accept this principle of social justice, that is, not only political equality, but we must create equality in the economic field, too, which means the best possible well-being.
Shannon  Mullen, See What Flowers|My mind feels like a race car on the track, getting faster and faster every time I pause to think or blink or try to focus on anything. Nothing can keep up to it, not the other cars, not my body, not anyone else in the bar. It’s a rush, pure exhilaration, and I’m having the time of my life. But instead of driving, I’m in the passenger seat, along for the ride, watching myself race around the track from my barstool.
Chris Mentillo, The Unhappy Heiress|I Still Have So Much I Wish to Accomplish in My Life, Before I Finally leave This Godforsaken Place -- For Good.
K.A. Mitchell, Bad Company|So does that mean if you won’t fuck me because I’m high, I could fuck you because you’re not?
Anna Godbersen, Beautiful Days|Interesting" people were her favorite hobby. She collected them: the type who did gay things late at night and smoked cigarettes in mixed company, those would have most scandalized her own mother.
George R.R. Martin, A Dance with Dragons|She never forgets a slight, real or imagined. She takes caution for cowardice and dissent for defiance. And she is greedy. Greedy for power, for honour, for love.
Yaya Han|If you look at a building by Mies van der Rohe, it might look very simple, but up close, the sheer quality of construction, materials and thought are inspirational.
Paul Auster, City of Glass|If this had not been the case with Abraham, then perhaps he might have loved God but notbelieved; for he who loves God without faith reflects upon himself, he who loves God believingly reflects upon God.
Boris Johnson|You know, sometimes I don't understand what's wrong with us. This is just about the most creative and imaginative country on earth—and yet sometimes we just don't seem to have the gumption to exploit our intellectual property. We split the atom, and now we have to get French or Korean scientists to help us build nuclear power stations. We perfected the finest cars on earth—and now Rolls-Royce is in the hands of the Germans. Whatever we invent, from the jet engine to the internet, we find that someone else carts it off and makes a killing from it elsewhere.
Malebo Sephodi|Self-love for me means accepting who I am and dealing with the perceived flaws that I live with. It is also accepting that sometimes I struggle with feelings of inadequacy and I do not think that I am enough. The point to all of this, is acknowledging this part about me. When I acknowledge it then it becomes easy for me to seek self-love through managing the moments when I don’t feel like I love myself. I am constantly working towards finding ways that enable me to value myself.
Steven Galloway, The Cellist of Sarajevo|This was the purest instant he had ever experienced; the way he felt inside right then. If he had to be trapped in a forever he would choose this very moment. The black night, the few yellow leaves still clinging to the bare trees, the beautiful dark-eyed woman drinking whiskey, the way she gazed at him, the way she made him feel.
Brittany Burgunder|What are you hiding? Is it something from others, or from yourself. Find your truth. The more you show up, the more you'll be found.
Ellen J. Barrier|If German boys had learned to be contemptuous of violence, Hitler would have had to take up knitting to keep his ego warm.
John Ortberg, The Me I Want to Be: Becoming God's Best Version of You|If I think God’s aim is to produce rule-followers, spiritual growth will always be an obligation rather than a desire of my heart.
Diana Rose Morcilla|Wherever you may go; Life is a beautiful thing. Life is like a passing season. It comes and go. Whatever may come, it's better to enjoy the changing seasons.
Elizabeth Berg, The Day I Ate Whatever I Wanted: And Other Small Acts of Liberation|Though Jonah felt transfixed inside his own childhood, no one else saw him as a child. He was already over the hump of middle age, heading rapidly toward those year that no one like to speak of. The best parts had already passed for people Jonah's age. By now you were meant to have become what you would finally be, and to gracefully and unobtrusively stay in that state for the rest of your life.
C.S. Lewis, The Great Divorce|Time is the very lens through which ye see—small and clear, as men see through the wrong end of a telescope—something that would otherwise be too big for ye to see at all. That thing is Freedom: the gift whereby ye most resemble your Maker and are yourselves parts of eternal reality. But ye can see it only through the lens of Time, in a little clear picture, through the inverted telescope. It is a picture of moments following one another and yourself in each moment making some choice that might have been otherwise.
Alyssa B. Sheinmel, Faceless|I sat down in a chair by the bed. The house got altogether still again, and I thought he was asleep. Just ever so quietly I reached over and laid my hand on his shoulder.He said, 'I love you too, Hannah."He didn't last long after that. Death had become his friend. They say that people, if they want to, can let themselves slip away when the time comes. I think that is what Nathan did. He was not false or greedy. When the time came to go, he went.
Stella Payton|Beautiful is the man who leaves a legacy that of shared love and life. It is he who transfers meaning, assigns significance and conveys in his loving touch the fine art and gentle shaping of a life. This man shall be called, Father.
T. Rafael Cimino, The Heir Apparent|When the media enjoy such excessive profits from this mass hysteria, what incentive do they have to restrain it?
Gary Vaynerchuk|My first car was a 1976 Toyota Corolla Liftback in red, like the one in 'The Blues Brothers.' I painted a Union Jack on the roof. I was absolutely in love with it until I destroyed it, which broke my heart!
Amy Winehouse|Why, man, he doth bestride the narrow worldLike a Colossus, and we petty menWalk under his huge legs and peep aboutTo find ourselves dishonorable graves.Men at some time are masters of their fates.The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our starsBut in ourselves, that we are underlings.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|Nico strode forward. The enemy army fell back before him like he radiated death, which of course he did.Through the face guard of his skull-shaped helmet, he smiled. "Got your message. Is it too late to join the party?""Son of Hades." Kronos spit on the ground. "Do you love death so much you wish to experience it?""Your death," Nico said, "would be great for me.""I'm immortal, you fool! I have escaped Tartarus. You have no business here, and no chance to live."Nico drew his sword-three feet of wicked sharp Stygian iron, black as a nightmare. "I don't agree.
Kamand Kojouri|Being deeply, passionately, and intensely in love is being deeply, passionately, and intensely in life.
Tom Robbins|Logic only gives man what he needs,” he stammered. “Magic gives him what he wants.
L.M. Browning, Seasons of Contemplation: A Book of Midnight Meditations|Mindfulness works with continuous awareness of body, breath; feelings, thoughts, intentions. Our state of mind, our positive or negative attitude towards the world, is closely related to our experiences of happiness or suffering. Mindfulness is awareness of everything that is happening in the moment of 'Now'. Mindfulness is a self development technique that will change the focus of our mind towards happiness.Mindfulness is continuous undisturbed awareness of the present moment. Fully aware of here, and now, we pay attention to what is happening right in front of us, we set aside our mental and emotional baggage. To be mindful we have to re-train our mind.
Unarine Ramaru|Nature evaluates a character on the basis of its merits, not demerits.
Lish McBride, Hold Me Closer, Necromancer|I will die, however,” he said quite seriously, “if you leave me again. Just watch me.
Joan Rivers|To those of you who study history, economics, sociology, literature and language I present the challenge of the utilization of the enormous resources in our grasp to the problem of creating a genuinely good life for yourselves and your children.
Mahatma Gandhi|As human beings, our greatness lies not so much in being able to remake the world - that is the myth of the atomic age - as in being able to remake ourselves.
A.J. Leigh, Karnage|I am in love with you, and I am not in the business of denying myself the simple pleasure of saying true things.
Walker Percy, The Moviegoer|Whenever I feel bad, I go to the library and read controversial periodicals. Though I do not know whether I am a liberal or a conservative, I am nevertheless enlivened by the hatred which one bears the other. In fact, this hatred strikes me as one of the few signs of life remaining in the world.
Jeff Buckley|I credit NTI, truthfully, with everything as far as where my head is and what my goals are and dreams are. I would say it was probably one of the most influential moments of my life, being there.
Pradeepa Pandiyan|It is OK if you don't fit in, history only remembers the exceptional.
Jim Henson, It's Not Easy Being Green: And Other Things to Consider|Life is meant to be fun, and joyous, and fulfilling.
Kara Lee Corthron, The Truth of Right Now|If I know that I can do something that makes me happy, why do I allow myself to get so depressed?
Sonia Rumzi, Simple Conversation|At school, the news that Pia Kolvenbach was moving to England and that her parents were divorcing had circulated with lightening speed. Suddenly I was no longer ostracized for being the Potentially Exploding Girl, but the new attention was worse. I could tell that the girls who sidled up to me and asked with faux-sympathetic smiles whether it was true were doing it on the basis of discussions they had heard between their own parents, to who they would report back like scouts. Soon there would be nothing left of me at all, nothing real: I would be a walking piece of gossip, alternatively tragic and appalling and, worse of all, a poor thing.
Erich Fromm|Immature love says "I love you because I need you." Mature love says "I need you because I love you."
Saigyō, Mirror for the Moon|Limitations gone:Since my mind fixed on the moon,Clarity and serenityMake something for whichThere's no end in sight.
Timothy C.W. Blanning, The Pursuit of Glory: Europe 1648-1815|Anything the Austrians could do, the Prussians could do better.
H.E. Davey, Japanese Yoga: The Way of Dynamic Meditation|Each action we take is an act of self-expression. We often think of large-scale or important deeds as being indications of our real selves, but even how we sharpen a pencil can reveal something about our feelings at that moment. Do we sharpen the pencil carefully or nervously so that it doesn’t break? Do we bother to pay attention to what we’re doing? How do we sharpen the same pencil when we’re angry or in a hurry? Is it the same as when we’re calm or unhurried?Even the smallest movement discloses something about the person executing the action because it is the person who’s actually performing the deed. In other words, action doesn’t happen by itself, we make it happen, and in doing so we leave traces of ourselves on the activity. The mind and body are interrelated.
Jean Paul|Without forgiveness, there's no future.
John le Carré, Call for the Dead|I'm not a woman and i'm not a man, i'm just a thing with breasts and a penis".
J.D. Robb, Vengeance in Death|All my life they had made choices for me, and I had resented it. Now the choice was mine, and once it was made, I would have no right to blame anyone else for the consequences. Loss of that privilege, to blame others, unexpectedly stung.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|There are no heroes...in life, the monsters win.
Melanie Sargsian, Lovember: A Collection of Short Love Stories|I knew a girl and she felt like art.Sometimes colorful, sometimes dull,Sometimes with bright, hopeful eyes,Sometimes only black and white,But she was always a piece of exquisite art.
Peter Kreeft, Socratic Logic 3.1e: Socratic Method Platonic Questions|When I say "The good man gave his good dog a good meal," I use "good" analogically, for there is at the same time a similarity and a difference between a good man, a good dog, and a good meal. All three are desirable, but a good man is wise and moral, a good dog is tame and affectionate, and a good meal is tasty and nourishing. But a good man is not tasty and nourishing, except to a cannibal; a good dog is not wise and moral, except in cartoons, and a good meal is not tame and affectionate, unless it's alive as you eat it.
Woodrow Wilson|Somewhere disappears the religion; however, exists the humanity and somewhere religion alive, but the humanity is dead while each religion teaches it, without that no one can be a human.
Bryce Courtenay|The heart is a repository of emotions--real, imagined, and invented, owned and borrowed, past, present, future--and there in your chest, operating at an average of 80 beats per minute at rest, is a heart that has stories to tell.
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|The main obstacle to success he soon discovered to be Letty's exceeding distrust of herself. I would not be mistaken to mean that she had too little confidence in herself; of that no one can have too little. Self-distrust will only retard, while self-confidence will betray. The man ignorant in these things will answer me, "But you must have one or the other." "You must have neither," I reply. "You must follow the truth, and, in that pursuit, the less one thinks about himself, the pursuer, the better. Let him so hunger and thirst after the truth that the dim vision of it occupies all his being, and leaves no time to think of his hunger and his thirst. Self-forgetfulness in the reaching out after that which is essential to us is the healthiest of mental conditions. One has to look to his way, to his deeds, to his conduct--not to himself. In such losing of the false, or merely reflected, we find the true self. There is no harm in being stupid, so long as a man does not think himself clever; no good in being clever, if a man thinks himself so, for that is a short way to the worst stupidity. If you think yourself clever, set yourself to do something; then you will have a chance of humiliation. With good faculties, and fine instincts, Letty was always thinking she must be wrong, just because it was she was in it--a lovely fault, no doubt, but a fault greatly impeditive to progress, and tormenting to a teacher.
Robert Sarah, The Power of Silence: Against the Dictatorship of Noise|Many fervent Christians who are moved by the Passion and death of Christ on the Cross no longer have the strength to weep or to utter a cry of pain to the priests and bishops who make their appearance as entertainers and set themselves up as the main protagonists of the Eucharist. These believers tell us nevertheless: "We do not want to gather with men around a man! We want to see Jesus! Show him to us in the silence and humility of your prayer!
Thomas S. Monson|Some people are born for Halloween, and some are just counting the days until Christmas.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurosutra: The Abhijit Naskar Collection|The historical record demonstrates that, on the contrary, many homosexuals chose heterosexuality and failed to maintain it because choice is less powerful than destiny.
Tsoknyi Rinpoche|The point is to be free, not to be crazy.
Anthony Liccione|Trains are beautiful. They take people to places they've never been, faster than they could ever go themselves. Everyone who works on trains knows they have personalities, they're like people. They have their own mysteries.
Janet Wallach, Desert Queen: The Extraordinary Life of Gertrude Bell: Adventurer, Adviser to Kings, Ally of Lawrence of Arabia|Then, as now, archaelogists and writers ventured where others feared to tread.
Charlie Lovett, The Lost Book of the Grail|King Arthur's Knights had been the first book Arthur had read late at night under the covers with a torch...it was he supposed, thinking back on it, the first book that had showed him what reading was really all about.
Anthon St. Maarten, Divine Living: The Essential Guide To Your True Destiny|God has such gladness every time he sees from heaven that a sinner is praying to Him with all his heart, as a mother has when she sees the first smile on her baby's face.
Catherine Carrigan, What Is Healing? Awaken Your Intuitive Power for Health and Happiness|You are always guided and protected, loved unconditionally and never alone.
Michael J. Gerson|To restrict or legalize abortion, to allow or forbid gay marriage, a legislator would need to write and pass a law, get it signed by the president or a governor, and perhaps override a veto. A Supreme Court justice need only persuade four other people. If he or she is not internally constrained by the authority of a text, he or she is not constrained.
Ridley Scott|My dad has been a big influence on me, because he's always had his own business. He really taught me business sense and how to be a focused individual, but also how to have fun and make everyone around you have fun.
Tom Regan, The Case for Animal Rights|Rights are either God-given as part of the divine plan, or they are granted by government as part of the political plan. If we accept the premise that human rights are granted by government, then we must be willing to accept the corollary that they can be denied by government.
Matshona Dhliwayo|I miss you,” is how she entices you.“I want you,” is how she charms you.“I need you,” is how she entraps you.“I love you,” is how she imprisons you.
Gael Garcia Bernal|Human intelligence is a marvelous, subtle, and poorly understood phenomenon. There is no danger of duplicating it anytime soon.
Renni Browne, Self-Editing for Fiction Writers: How to Edit Yourself Into Print|Travel became distinguishable from pain and began to be regarded as an intellectual pleasur...These factors--the voluntariness of departure, the freedom implicit in the indeterminancies of mobility, the pleasure of travel free from necessity, the notion that travel signifies autonomy and is a means for demonstrating what one 'really' is independent of one context or set of defining associations--remain the characteristics of the modern conception of travel.Eric Leed
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|Love can often be misguided and do as much harm as good, but respect can do only good. It assumes that the other person's stature is as large as one's own, his rights as reasonable, his needs as important.
Ladyaslan|Turner's openness is starting to become more and more appealing to me. At least I know what I'm getting with him. And I still need to tell him about Dax's kiss. That, and his proposition. I haven't had even a single second to get him alone since, but the secret is burning a hole in my pocket. I need it gone. It's like I'm allergic to the fuckers now.
William Beveridge|Like sin itself, Satan appeals to the senses. He originated and perfected the art of disguising evil as good.
Bill Bryson, I'm a Stranger Here Myself: Notes on Returning to America after Twenty Years Away|Take a moment from time to time to remember that you are alive. I know this sounds a trifle obvious, but it is amazing how little time we take to remark upon this singular and gratifying fact. By most astounding stroke of luck and infinitesimal portion of all the matter in the universe came together to create you and for the tiniest moment in the great span of eternity you have the incomparable privilege to exist.For endless eons there was no you. Before you know it, you will cease to be again. And in between you have this wonderful opportunity to see and feel and think and do. Whatever else you do with your life, nothing will remotely compare with the incredible accomplishment of having managed to get yourself born. Congratulations. Well done. You really are special.
Swami Dhyan Giten|The New Man is the most important things that is happening in the world today.The new man will have to find new forms of communication, working together and sharing, because the old man and the old society will not disappear immediately. The old man will also put up a fight.The new man is a new humanity. Up to now, man has lived a pathological life, a neurotic life, a destructive life. During modern times, during the last 3000 years, there have been 6000 wars. You can not call this humanity healthy.Once in a while a Buddha, a Jesus, a Socrates, appeared, but each person is born to be a Buddha.How can I become the new man? The new man means a new consciousness, a new being. Humanity can not be saved if the new man does not arrive. Before it was not a necessity, but now it is absolutely necessary because now the war technology can destroy the whole earth. if not the new man arrives, if not people become more aware, awake and conscious, then this earth will not survive.The New Man means to develop all the three dimensions of being, all the three doors to God: the head, the dimension of thinking, logic and reason, the heart, the dimension of joy, trust, intuition, relationships, beauty, creativity and a sense of unity in love and the being, the dimension of meditation, silence, emptiness and oneness with life.The first level of the head is the dimension of ideas, intellect, hypothesis, theories, logic, analysis, rationality and dualistic thinking.The first level is the level of the mind, which means a continuous oscillation like a pendulum between the mind's memories of the past and the ideas, dreams and expectations of the future.The second level of the heart is the dimension of joy, acceptance, trust, understanding, trust, friendship, relationships, intuition, empathy, creativity, compassion, humor, playfulness and a sense of unity in love. The third level of being is the dimension of presence, awareness, meditation, silence, emptiness and wholeness. The third level is our connection with our inner life source.The new man means awareness, consciousness, love and creativity.The new man means meditation, to be in contact with our own inner source of silence.And if more people become meditative, the earth becomes filled with the fragrance of the new man.
Ayana Mathis, The Twelve Tribes of Hattie|Oh!" said Moominmamma with a start, "I believe those were mice disappearing into the cellar. Sniff, run down with a little milk for them." Then she caught sight of the suitcase which stood by the steps. "Luggage too," thought Moominmamma. "Dear me -- then they've come to stay." And she went off to look for Moominpappa to ask him to put up two more beds -- very, very small ones.
Jonathan V. Last|Cynicism is often seen as a rebellious attitude in western popular culture, but in reality, our cynicism advances the desires of the powerful: cynicism is obedience.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without a song, life is a sorrow.
John Green, Paper Towns|Chuck Parson did not participate in organized sports, because to do so would distract from his larger goal of his life: to one day be convicted of murder
Sunday Adelaja|If you say merit does not matter but miracles or favor matters, you are equally destroying yourself and nation.
Agatha Christie, And Then There Were None|When a man's neck's in danger, he doesn't stop to think too much about sentiment.
Pete Domenici|My desire to curtail undue freedom of speech extends only to such public areas as restaurants, airports, streets, hotel lobbies, parks, and department stores. Verbal exchanges between consenting adults in private are as of little interest to me as they probably are to them.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|The denunciation of the young is a necessary part of the hygiene of older people, and greatly assists the circulation of the blood.
Stephen Demone, Pathetic Pussy|Train that bitch to love you, a bitch like that, she's the type, you have to train, and even then, she'll still try to fuck around on you and test the boundaries, unless you have something no other man has, but to her you're a dick, and her she likes big dicks and muscular men, I can tell.
Steve Goodier|Children nurtured in kindness learn the value of understanding. Children taught to be self-sufficient, to respect others, to value education and to build life up rather than to tear it down will become adults capable of leading us to a brighter future. For (as Karl Menninger noted) what's done to children, they will do to society.
Kristin Gore|I never particularly thought of myself as great with girls. I can be awkward, and I have a strange sense of humor at times. But I've also been learning to try and embrace that.
Dada Bhagwan|In marriage, at home and everywhere else, one is to remain superfluous. That is where people go in deep into; that is called the worldly life (sansaar).
Johnny Depp|Music touches us emotionally, where words alone can't.
Dion Fortune, Esoteric Orders and Their Work and The Training and Work of the Initiate|Listen, O lord of the meeting rivers,things standing shall fall,but the moving ever shall stay.
Roberto Hogue, Real Secrets of Sex: A Women's Guide on How to Be Good in Bed|So you’re dating Mr. Freaky Vanderperv, at least you’re not dating a guy with no skills and no interest in you sexually! Treat his kinks with respect and he will be an honest man with you always.
Amanda  Carlson, Pure Blooded|The Sandman is rising."It'd been the only thing Coll had said before delirium had taken him again.The Sandman. Rising.
Leigh Hershkovich, Shattered Illusions|Time is self absorbed, takes what it wants and doesn't return the favor. It is greedy, its pockets full of the lives of those left behind. It is a magician and a thief.
Steven Chuks Nwakokeke|To stop oppression, you will first end the tyranny of the oppressors.
Ron Paul, Liberty Defined: 50 Essential Issues That Affect Our Freedom|Ideas are very important for the shaping of society. In fact, they are far more powerful than bombs or armies or guns. And this is because ideas are capable of spreading without limit. They are behind all the choices we make. They can transform the world in a way that governments and armies cannot. Fighting for liberty with ideas makes much more sense to me than fighting with guns or politics or political power. With ideas, we ca make real change that lasts.
Mark Haddon, The Talking Horse and the Sad Girl and the Village Under the Sea: Poems|MiaowConsider me.I sit here like Tiberius,inscrutable and grand.I will let "I dare not"wait upon "I would"and bear the twanglingof your small guitarbecause you are my owland foster me with milk.Why wet my paw?Just keep me in a bagand no one knows the truth.I am familiar with witchesand stand a better chance in hell than youfor I can dance on hot bricks,leap your heightand land on all fours.I am the servant of the Living God.I worship in my way. Look into these slit green stonesand follow your reflected lights into the dark.Michel, Duc de Montaigne, knew.You don't play with me.I play with you.
Jon Voight|Maybe black and white is the best medium for landscapes, I don't know.
Christian Lander|In the United States both scholars and the general public have been conditioned to viewing human races as natural and separate divisions within the human species based on visible physical differences. With the vast expansion of scientific knowledge in this century, however, it has become clear that human populations are not unambiguous, clearly demarcated, biologically distinct groups. Evidence from the analysis of genetics (e.g. DNA) indicates that most physical variation, about 94%, lies within so-called racial groups. Conventional geographic "racial" groupings differ from one another only in about 6% of their genes. This means that there is greater variation within "racial" groups than between them. In neighboring populations there is much overlapping of genes and their phenotypic (physical) expressions. Throughout history whenever different groups have come into contact, they have interbred. The continued sharing of genetic materials has maintained all of humankind as a single species.
Michelle Hodkin, The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer|It proposed that human beings, by the act of making witness, warranted times and places for their existence other than the time and place they were living through.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Be positive, be happy and be thankful.
W.B. Yeats|Being Irish, he had an abiding sense of tragedy, which sustained him through temporary periods of joy.
Marcella Purnama, What I Wish I Had Known|I hated reunions. It made myself felt so little afterwards. When I was there, I couldn’t help not knowing. But after I knew things, I couldn’t stop comparing. I was congratulating people when they told me the good news, but deep inside I was wondering whether their good news was better than mine. Life wasn’t supposed to be a competition, but it really felt like one.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire|Hagrid, look what I’ve got for relatives!” Harry said furiously. “Look at the Dursleys!”“An excellent point,” said Professor Dumbledore. “My own brother, Aberforth, was prosecuted for practicing inappropriate charms on a goat. It was all over the papers, but did Aberforth hide? No, he did not! He held his head high and went about his business as usual! Of course, I’m not entirely sure he can read, so that may not have been bravery. . . .
Anamika Mishra|Damn, the good words are all asterisked!”“The men only understand the asterisks. My worry is if they understand the rest!
Vincent Price, Vincent Price, His Movies, His Plays, His Life|Of course, he showed me this one afternoon when he was skipping class. When trolls cut classes, you think they are losers. When the beautiful and/or reasonably erudite do the same thing to sit on the library steps and read poetry, you think they are on to something deep. You see only deep brown wavy hair and strong legs, well honed by years of Ultimate Frisbee. You see that book of T. S. Eliot poems held by the hand with the long, graceful fingers, and you never stop to think that it shouldn't take half a semester to read one book of poems... that maybe he is not so much reading as getting really high every morning and sleeping it off on the library steps, forcing the people who actually go to class to step or trip over him.
Lionel Shriver, So Much for That|We don’t normally think of it as such, but writing is a technology, which means that a literate person is someone whose thought processes are technologically mediated. We became cognitive cyborgs as soon as we became fluent readers, and the consequences of that were profound.
Jonathan Edwards|He that has doctrinal knowledge and speculation only, without affection, never is engaged in the business of religion.
Diana Gabaldon, Voyager|We know from myths and fairy tales that there are many different kinds of powers in this world. One child is given a light saber, another a wizard's education. The trick is not to amass all the different kinds of power, but to use well the kind you've been granted.
Vanessa Vescera, Le parole di una Rosa|Non sapevo controllare i sentimenti, li sentivo sempre troppo prepotenti e forti e mi ferivano.
Bryan Lee O'Malley, Scott Pilgrim, Volume 3: Scott Pilgrim & The Infinite Sadness|I need some kind of... like... last minute, poorly-set-up deus ex machina!!
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|The world was collapsing, and the only thing that really mattered to me was that she was alive.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|we said we would be to each other as two voices, who shadows.
Saira Viola|Poncho was in a red mood slanging with rage and needed to cook himself out of it , while shoving handfuls of salted peanuts down his gullet and slurping ice cold Fanta
Dada Bhagwan|If a prisoner paints his cell in the prison, does it mean that he likes the prison? Why does he do so? It is because he has no choice. Similarly, one has no choice in the worldly life, and that is why he builds a house, buys car, builds a bungalow.
Henrietta Newton Martin -Senior Legal Consultant & Author|Self pity is a curse , which may lead to indignant behavior., while a calm, non-competitive mind, achieves great feat. Competing with one self leads to blessing, while comparing oneself to others and then competing is a destructive path.
Robert  Black|OK for now. I enjoyed my quick, high-powered visit over there and look forward to a dead-game replay when I'm in better condition. Tell Hinckle he'd better take some liver exercises...and also to get braced for my wild cards, which don't always mix well with grapefruit juice and burbon.- To Peter Collier 10/11/1967
Emily Dickinson|There's a certain slant of light,On winter afternoons,That oppresses, like the weightOf cathedral tunes.
Cherise Sinclair, Make Me, Sir|Gideon: We've established some talking points: we have an intense sexual attraction and neither of us wants to date. So what do you want – exactly? Seduction, Eva? Do you want to be seduced?Eva: Sex that’s planned like a business transaction is a turnoff for me.Gideon: Establishing parameters in a merger makes it less likely that there’ll be exaggerated expectations and disappointment.Eva: Why even call it a fuck? Why not be clear and call it seminal emission in a pre-approved orifice?
Susan Elizabeth Phillips, Ain't She Sweet|You try spending six months sitting at somebody's bedside, waiting for them to die and then tell me that the happy-ending love story isn't one of God's good gifts.
Stanislav Grof|The fertility cycle is a cycle entirely of living creatures passing again and again through birth, growth, maturity, death, and decay.
Colleen McCullough, The Thorn Birds|I am not perfect, but if I looked perfect to everyone I must have been rocking imperfect perfectly to a few imperfect souls that seek imperfection vs. perfection, in an imperfect world where God asks us to seek perfection for our imperfect souls.
George Eliot|Tragedy is a tool for the living to gain wisdom, not a guide by which to live.
Stephanie Lahart|I have found that when you GENUINELY love what you do, time isn’t a factor. As a matter of fact, time doesn’t even exist.
Amitav Ghosh, The Shadow Lines|Nobody knows, nobody can ever know, not even in memory, because there are moments in time that are not knowable.
Tim Dorsey, Gator A-Go-Go|Look forward to the wonderment of growing up, raising a family and driving by the gas station where the popular kids now work.
Frank Bidart, Watching the Spring Festival: Poems|The stratagems by which briefly youameliorated, even seeminglyuntwisted what still twists within you —you loved their taste and lay thereon your sidenursing like a puppy.
Tahar Ben Jelloun|I think poetry should be read very much like prose, except that the line breaks should be acknowledged somehow.
Morris Chestnut|When you head on out to the Moon, in very short order, and you get a chance to look back at the Earth, that horizon slowly curves around in upon himself, and all of sudden you're looking at something that is very strange, but yet is very, very familiar, because you're beginning to see the Earth evolve.
Percy Bysshe Shelley|There is eloquence in the tonguelesswind, and a melody in the flowing brooks and the rustling of thereeds beside them, which by their inconceivable relation to somethingwithin the soul, awaken the spirits to a dance of breathlessrapture, and bring tears of mysterious tenderness to the eyes, likethe enthusiasm of patriotic success, or the voice of one belovedsinging to you alone.
Queenbe Monyei|I do not know, not do I care to rememberThe time in which I knew distinctly that you were goneYou fade in and out of memoryUpon which I can not feign to touchOr feelHow cruel to leave me With paper but no penWhat a way to leave meYou give me cups, but not water to fill themSo they sit thereEmpty Your reflectionBouncing to and froFrom every surface
Lauretta Bender|[Fantasy] is a constructive aspect of the child's experimental exploration of reality, or his progressive relating of himself to reality, of his trial-and-error attempts to solve his reality problems.
Pedro Calderon de la Barca|Over every mountain there is a path, although it may not be seen from the valley.
Helen Oyeyemi, Mr. Fox|If I don’t believe in your god, it means he was incapable to manipulate me.
Cocoy McCoy|When you see a new day, you must see a new reason to think anew. You must see a new reason to start anew regardless of the woes of yesterday. You must see a reason to understand and appreciate the real gift of life knowing that you have yet another chance to prove your existence on earth worthy or not. You must see a new reason to choose positive thoughts to negative thoughts. You must see the real reason to rejoice, breathe a sigh of purposefulness and be poised to do something unique. You must see! oh yes! you must see a new reason and the urgency to live and leave a distinctive footprint
Katherine Russell, Without Shame|Hatred happens when we refuse to see someone for their entire selves; we fear that if we see more than the qualities we hate, we will become them or worse, allow them to enter our hearts.
Pradeepa Pandiyan|Friday dusk becomes Friday evening. The park is feverish with life. A young Asian man screams into his mobile phone, not stopping to listen: a young man with his heart in his penis.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Gay Science|Let us beware of saying that death is the opposite of life. The living being is only a species of the dead, and a very rare species.
Sergei Lavrov|Men make the moral code and they expect women to accept it. They have decided that it is entirely right and proper for men to fight for their liberties and their rights, but that it is not right and proper for women to fight for theirs.
E. L. Doctorow|It is not true that good can only follow from good and evil only from evil, but that often the opposite is true.
Brian Christian, Algorithms to Live By: The Computer Science of Human Decisions|For some individuals, this life will be the only bit of heaven they will ever experience while for some it will be the only bit of hell they will ever experience...
Russell Moore|The unchurched kids laughed at the Bible studies based on television shows or songs of the moment. They weren't impressed at all by the video clips provided by the denomination's publisher, or by the knock-off Christian boy bands crooning about the hotness of sexual purity. What riveted their attention wasn't what was relatable to them but what wasn't.
Kōbō Abe, The Woman in the Dunes|How far we all come. How far we all come away from ourselves. So far, so much between, you can never go home again. You can go home, it's good to go home, but you never really get all the way home again in your life. And what's it all for? All I tried to be, all I ever wanted and went away for, what's it all for?Just one way, you do get back home. You have a boy or a girl of your own and now and then you remember, and you know how they feel, and it's almost the same as if you were your own self again, as young as you could remember.And God knows he was lucky, so many ways, and God knows he was thankful. Everything was good and better than he could have hoped for, better than he ever deserved; only, whatever it was and however good it was, it wasn't what you once had been, and had lost, and could never have again, and once in a while, once in a long time, you remembered, and knew how far you were away, and it hit you hard enough, that little while it lasted, to break your heart.
Abeba Habtu, Become Courageous Abeba: A Story of Love, Loss, War and Hope|The country is like a great sponge—it finally absorbs you. Eventually you will get malaria or you will get dysentery and whatever you do, if you don't keep doing it, the jungle will grow over you. Black or white, you've got to fight it every minute of the day.
Mehmet Murat ildan|The more that you read, the more that you know. The more that you learn, the more places you will go
Edward T. Hall|None of us can claim to be fair and square in love - and I'm definitely not a hypocrite! Humans are built to evolve with time. It depends on the nature of the relationship you share with a person. It is there today, tomorrow it may be gone; c'est la vie.
Michael Crichton, Westworld|Revenge is really a perverse form of communication, a twisted attempt at repair.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|We are like puzzle pieces who are perfectly suited to make a giant picture together, but we are assembling ourselves in the dark.
Star Jones|In my travels, I also noticed that kids in Thailand like spicy food, and kids in India love curry. I'm hoping to introduce my son, Hudson, to lots of veggies and spices when he's young. I say that before he's started on solid foods, so it could be easier in theory than practice!
Natasha Ramsey, Hungover Poet|Caxtons are mechanical birds with many wings and some are treasured for their markings-- they cause the eyes to melt or the body to shriek without pain. I have never seen one fly, but sometimes they perch on the hand. Mist is when the sky is tired of flight and rests its soft machine on the ground: then the world is dim and bookish like engravings under tissue paper. Rain is when the earth is television. It has the properites of making colours darker. Model T is a room with the lock inside -- a key is turned to free the world for movement, so quick there is a film to watch for anything missed. But time is tied to the wrist or kept in a box, ticking with impatience. In homes, a haunted apparatus sleeps, that snores when you pick it up. If the ghost cries, they carry it to their lips and soothe it to sleep with sounds. And yet, they wake it up deliberately, by tickling with a finger. Only the young are allowed to suffer openly. Adults go to a punishment room with water but nothing to eat. They lock the door and suffer the noises alone. No one is exempt and everyone's pain has a different smell. At night, when all the colours die, they hide in pairs and read about themselves -- in colour, with their eyelids shut.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|God's will is determined by His wisdom which always perceives, and His goodness which always embraces the intrinsically good. But when we have said that God commands thing only because they are good, we must add that one of the things intrinsically good is that rational creatures should freely surrender themselves to their Creator in obedience. The content of our obedience - the thing we are commanded to do -- will always be something intrinsically good, something we ought to do even if (by an impossible supposition_ God had not commanded it. But in addition to the content, the mere obeying is also intrinsically good, for, in obeying a rational creature consciously enacts its creaturely role, reverses the act by which we fill, treads Adam's dance backward, and returns.
Kara Martinelli, My Very Dearest Anna|After the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor, the United States entered into World War II to protect our way of life and to help liberate those who had fallen under the Axis occupation. The country rallied to produce one of the largest war efforts in history. Young men volunteered to join the Armed Forces, while others were drafted. Women went to work in factories and took military jobs. Everyone collected their used cooking grease and metals to be used for munitions. They rationed gas and groceries. Factories now were producing airplanes, weapons, and military vehicles. They all wanted to do their part. And they did, turning America into a war machine. The nation was in full support to help our boys win the war and come home quickly.Grandpa wanted to do his part too.
Stephenie Meyer, Eclipse|Why should I blame her that she filled my daysWith misery, or that she would of late Have taught to ignorant men most violent ways,Or hurled the little streets upon the great, Had they but courage equal to desire?What could have made her peaceful with a mindThat nobleness made simple as a fire,With beauty like a tightened bow, a kindThat is not natural in an age like thisBeing high and solitary and most stern?Why, what could she have done, being what she is?Was there another Troy for her to burn?
David Mitchell, Ghostwritten|Ryan rolled his eyes. "Harper, you and David Stark have been circling each other since kindergarden.
Tarun Sharma|The experiences you get from failures early in life, will carry you for the rest of your life.
Akshay Vasu|Every time he raised his hands on her. He killed a prince from a fairy tale somewhere deep within her heart, brutally.
Hozier|The first time I went to Johnny Depp's house in LA is when I realized what I was getting myself into. I knew he was famous, but I didn't really know what that entailed.
Guy Burt|What is reason given me for, if I am not to use it to avoid bringing unhappy beings into the world!
this version -- my Latin prof|numquam illegitimi carborundum --"Never let the bastards grind you down.
Angelina Jolie|I know it's not cat food, but what exactly is it that they put inside of tinned ravioli?
John  Williams, Stoner|In his extreme youth Stoner had thought of love as an absolute state of being to which, if one were lucky, one might find access; in his maturity he had decided it was the heaven of a false religion, toward which one ought to gaze with an amused disbelief, a gently familiar contempt, and an embarrassed nostalgia. Now in his middle age he began to know that it was neither a state of grace nor an illusion; he saw it as a human act of becoming, a condition that was invented and modified moment by moment and day by day, by the will and the intelligence and the heart.
Alexander Chase|I imagine, therefore I belong and am free.
Beth Revis, A Million Suns|But Amy," Elder says. "Space suits!
Tom Wolfe|Seven thousand of them were indicted and arraigned, and then they entered the maw of the criminal justice system—right here—through the gateway into Gibraltar, where the vans were lined up. That was about 150 new cases, 150 more pumping hearts and morose glares, every week that the courts and the Bronx County District Attorney's Office were open. And to what end? The same stupid, dismal, pathetic, horrifying crimes were committed day in and day out, all the same. What was accomplished by assistant D.A.'s, by any of them, through all this relentless stirring of the muck? The Bronx crumbled and decayed a little more, and a little more blood dried in the cracks. The Doubts! One thing was accomplished for sure. The system was fed, and those vans brought in the chow.
Thurman L. Faison, To The Spiritually Inclined|Let us keep in mind that we do not have to go to the scriptures inorder to approach God. We do not have to find the right scripture inorder to talk to God".
Lorraine Hansberry, To Be Young, Gifted, and Black: An Informal Autobiography|They came to realize that, even if evil and injustice seemed to win at some point, God would still be the ultimate victor. In the end good and justice would prevail forever.
J.A. Redmerski, The Edge of Never|Parents have this twisted belief that anyone under the age of about twenty simply can’t know what love is, like the age to love is assessed in the same way the law assesses the legal age to drink. They think that the ‘emotional growth’ of a teenager’s mind is too underdeveloped to understand love, to know if it’s ‘real’ or not.That's completely asinine. way.
Rahul Dravid|For me, triathlons were something that was down to me and my fitness. Now, I really enjoy the pain in the triathlon of chasing someone down. It's a bit like chasing down Nico Rosberg in the last few laps at Silverstone - it makes you feel alive.
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|Love is the essential ingredient. Without it, sex is meaningless, approval is bribery, and success is short-lived.
Elon Musk|If you look at our current technology level, something strange has to happen to civilisations, and I mean strange in a bad way. And it could be that there are a whole lot of dead, one-planet civilisations.
Shannon L. Alder|Only a demon would prevent a person from saving lives or fulfilling their life mission. There is no reasoning with the devil. Stand with pride because your heart is filled with the goodness of helping others, while theirs is filled with helping themselves.
Kay Panabaker|When somebody who makes movies for a living - either as an actor, writer, producer or director - lives to be a certain age, you have to admire them. It is an act of courage to make a film - a courage for which you are not prepared in the rest of life. It is very hard and very destructive. But we do it because we love it.
Ali Shariati|Hey, I am thinking of it myself, in this part of world (East), we all do endeavors in praying and are sweating (white liquid) and this is our situation, frustrated , but on the other part of world (West) ,they are enjoying in party and drinking liquor (white liquid) but their situation is that, successful, I do not know that the problem relates to the type of liquid or the way of drinking!!
Carla H. Krueger, Sex Media|Nothing in her life makes sense.All she craves is for the pieces of the puzzle to fit together again.She is sure one day it will happen. She just doesn’t know when.She can’t fight injustice alone– for that, she needs her friends.
George S. McGovern, Terry: My Daughter's Life-and-Death Struggle with Alcoholism|All humans at some time experience injustice, assault, disqualification, invasion and betrayal. No person is completely shielded. We need not trace our family trees very far back or study for long what life was like for our forbears to uncover humanity's abusiveness. The inherited scars of our multigenerational families exist in our family systems as we know them today. The abuse of the past often exists as the shame of today, and the shame is perpetuated through our patterns of interaction.
Rachel Vincent, Rogue|Walking around nude in front of humans was not a good way to keep a low profile with the community. It was an excellent way to make new friends, though.
Shah Asad Rizvi|Dance to inspire, dance to freedom, life is about experiences so dance and let yourself become free.
Penny Reid, Love Hacked|This is just your penis having the feels for my vagina. Your penis is making prank calls! and every single time your penis makes a prank call, my vagina answers the phone. And then you hang up. Or your penis claims wrong number or misdial or no hablo Ingles. It's infuriating, and it's called genital call me maybe.
Richard Henry Dana Jr., Two Years Before the Mast: A Sailor's Life at Sea|Let him then have powers commensurate with his utmost possible need, only let him be held strictly responsible for the exercise of them. Any other course would be injustice as well as bad policy
Jean-Paul Sartre, Existentialism Is a Humanism|What do we mean by saying that existence precedes essence? We mean that man first of all exists, encounters himself, surges up in the world-and defines himself afterward.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|To learn is not to know; there are the learners and the learned. Memory makes the one, philosophy the others.
Mari Mancusi, Boys that Bite|Now Sunny, don’t get mad, but …” Rayne begins, her voice trembling.	I shoot her an angry glare. “But WHAT, Rayne?”	“I, uh, think you’ve accidentally been turned into a vampire.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When a person becomes happy, the world becomes lighter! If all becomes happy, the world will be weightless!
Ludwig Wittgenstein|Like the end, the myth of the beginning overlaps the cycle of birth and death, unfolding like a Möbius strip in ceaseless continuum, which is the paradox that sits above and beyond intellectual explanation in the realm where empirical logic halts.
R.J. Francis, The Orphan's Secret|We all must suffer from one of two pains, the pain of discipline or the pain of regret.
Sofia Vergara|Chess has given me a lot more than I could ask for. I have been able to feel special, travel the world and do what I truly enjoy. Moreover, chess players love being their own boss and hate having to wake up early!
Edward G. Bulwer-Lytton|Applause is a receipt, not a bill.
Toba Beta|Just as heart is a fountain of unspoken words,the universe is a womb of wonder weird worlds.
Mauriel Joslyn|…little people like me have to keep the true story alive. That way, when the revolution ends, and people come looking for the history, we can say, ‘Here it is – we kept it for you.
Brandon Sanderson, Firefight|Everything has happen, will happen and it's going to happen in one moment. There isn't even and time, time is an illusion - get it?? It even doesn't exist, I'm here now, but even the word "now" doesn't exist. Everything has happen in one day, but people prefer to have some kind a time like day, date, year, century and time (under time, hours, minutes, seconds and so on and so on). Because you should know when you did that if you said in under one day it's kind a...
Dale Carnegie, How to Win Friends and Influence People|How did I learn empathy? I learned it while suffering. How did I learn about karma? Because it came back to me and I deserved it. I now know when any hurt I experience is due to circumstances outside of my control, karma, or self-imposed consequences for foolish choices. I do feel justice is served if karma humbles someone who needs it, and as anyone who has been wronged can attest, what they seem to want most is for the offending party to experience how it feels and to know in that moment exactly what they did to someone else and to be filled with remorse and hopefully, repentance.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|All men live enveloped in whale-lines. All are born with halters round their necks; but it is only when caught in the swift, sudden turn of death, that mortals realize the silent, subtle, ever-present perils of life. And if you be a philosopher, though seated in the whale-boat, you would not at heart feel one whit more of terror, than though seated before your evening fire with a poker, and not a harpoon, by your side.
Lucy Christopher, Stolen: A Letter to My Captor|You said you knew the perfect place to run to. A place that was empty of people, and buildings, and far, far away. A place covered in blood-red earth and sleeping life. A place longing to come alive again. It's a place for disappearing, you'd said, a place for getting lost... and for getting found.I'll take you there, you'd said.And I could say that I agreed.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Stars shine on us, but talent shines in us.
Lin Yutang, The Importance of Living|You know, Junpei, everything in the world has its reasons for doing what it does.
Charles M. Blow|Measurement is the first step that leads to control and eventually to improvement. If you can’t measure something, you can’t understand it. If you can’t understand it, you can’t control it. If you can’t control it, you can’t improve it.
Chris     Murray, Selling with EASE: The Four Step Sales Cycle Found in Every Successful Business Transaction|Customers get exactly what they need, while you hit your sales targets and become incredibly successful – fair deal.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Did you forget a dentist appointment or something, big guy? Where the hell did you hop off to?
Deyth Banger|Am I just a mosaic of myself, held in the shape of a whole person?
Alexander Fraser Tytler|Traffic in Joburg is like the democratic process. Every time you think it's going to get moving and take you somewhere, you hit another jam.
C.S. Pacat|Damen found himself alongside Jord. ‘If you want to live, ride fast.’ White-faced, Jord took one look at his expression and said, ‘He’s not coming.’‘We’re outnumbered,’ said Damen, ‘but if you run, you might still make it out.’‘If we’re outnumbered, what are you going to do?’Damen drove his horse onward, ready to take up his own place on the front line. He said, ‘Fight.
Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island|The Lord did not create suffering. Pain and death came into the world with the fall of man. But after man had chosen suffering in preference to the joys of union with God, the Lord turned suffering itself into a way by which man could come to the perfect knowledge of God.
Bill Holm, The Heart Can Be Filled Anywhere on Earth|Questions invaded my mind and I was young and skeptical, wanting to believe in the power of the mind, wanting to believe in the power of intellectual force, terribly afraid of sentimentality in myself and others.
Erin Bow, Plain Kate|Spend sixteen weeks in the jungle and you being to question your own sanity, especially when you are the one goading everyone else ahead.
Canelo Alvarez|Street League Skateboarding is the premier professional skateboarding league in the world, with the biggest prize money in history.
Irina Serban, Hiding the Moon|The night! When the outside world is hiding in darkness, you have to turn on the light within in order to see where you put your steps.
Diana Gabaldon, Dragonfly in Amber|I will find you," he whispered in my ear. "I promise. If I must endure two hundred years of purgatory, two hundred years without you - then that is my punishment, which I have earned for my crimes. For I have lied, and killed, and stolen; betrayed and broken trust. But there is the one thing that shall lie in the balance. When I shall stand before God, I shall have one thing to say, to weigh against the rest."His voice dropped, nearly to a whisper, and his arms tightened around me.Lord, ye gave me a rare woman, and God! I loved her well.
Lauren Kate, Waterfall|Come closer, and I will tell you."But he forgot. He kissed her, and became lost in the exquisite sensation of his skin becoming too tight for his body. He murmured other things instead. A secret, a want, a promise. A story, in its own way.
Peter Tieryas, United States of Japan|The glow lasted through the night, beyond the bar's closing, when there were no cabs on the street. And so Mathilde and Lotto decided to walk home, her arm in his, chatting about nothing, about everything, the unpleasant, hot breath of the subway belching up from the grates. 'Chthonic', he said, booze letting loose the pretension at his core, which she still found sweet, an allowance from the glory. It was so late, there were few other people out, and it felt, just for this moment, that they had the city to themselves.She thought of all the life just underfoot, the teem of it that they were passing over, unknowing. She said, 'Did you know that the total weight of all the ants on Earth is the same as the total weight of all the humans on Earth.' She, who drank to excess, was a little bit drunk, it was true, there was so much relief in the evening.When the curtains closed against the backdrop, an enormous bolder blocking their future had rolled away.'They'll still be here when we're gone,' he said. He was drinking from a flask. By the time they were home, he'd be sozzeled. 'The ants and the jellyfish and the cockroaches, they will be the kings of the Earth.'...'They deserve this place more than we do,' she said. 'We've been reckless with our gifts.' He smiled and looked up. There were no stars, there was too much smog for them.'Did you know,' he said, 'they just found out just a while ago that there are billions of worlds that can support life in our galaxy alone.'...She felt a sting behind here eyes, but couldn't say why this thought touched her.He saw clear through and understood. He knew her. The things he didn't know about her would sink an ocean liner. He knew her.'We're lonely down here,' he said, 'it's true, but we're not alone.'In the hazy space after he died, when she lived in a sort of timeless underground grief, she saw on the internet a video about what would happen to our galaxy in billions of years. We are in an immensely slow tango with the Andromeda galaxy, both galaxies shaped like spirals with outstretched arms, and we are moving toward each other like spinning bodies. The galaxies will gain speed as they draw near, casting off blue sparks, new stars until they spin past each other, and then the long arms of both galaxies will reach longingly out and grasp hands at the last moment and they will come spinning back in the opposite direction, their legs entwined, never hitting, until the second swirl becomes a clutch, a dip, a kiss, and then at the very center of things, when they are at their closest, there will open a supermassive black hole.
D.M. Raver, Brother Betrayed|A grim expression came over Syah’s face. “The colt you speak of lost its mother during a storm. If this stallion was that colt, it is not just wild, it is insane. That horse will break your bones.” “And that will be a worthy end, a prince struck down by such a noble steed.”Fasime pushed himself off the support of the fence, but Oman grabbed his arm.“It’s not worth it, Brother.”“I can tame him.” “What will we tell Mother and Father if he kills you?” Oman questioned.“Tell them I gave my life with pride. Do not punish him if he kills me. Release him back into the wild, and my spirit will ride him into the mist.
David Harewood|School integration did not come to be the day after the Brown ruling was issued. Progress took years, and it took passion, strength, and courage from a large group of committed individuals.
Ricardo Reis|Para ser grande, sê inteiro: nadaTeu exagera ou exclui.Sê todo em cada coisa. Põe quanto ésNo mínimo que fazes.Assim em cada coisa a Lua todaBrilha, porque alta vive.
Darnell Lamont Walker|She left, never to return. I planted a tree and a seed each time I thought of her. I grew a small forest and a large garden and had no one to give the orchids to.
Steve Carell|The workers who harvest our food have been systematically denied the basic rights that are granted to all other American workers. They can be fired for trying to form a union or for attempting to improve their working conditions. They are not eligible for overtime pay, disability, or even unemployment insurance.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Children of the light, live in the light.
Pat Conroy, My Reading Life|Actually, time had always been passing. I had just managed to avoid thinking about it very much. It would be hard for me to recapture that feeling—life wasn’t so easy anymore. Small things pricked my heart. In those early days, I lived in a world of overwhelming sensations; it was like I had just fallen out of love.
Jacqueline Winspear, In This Grave Hour|Perhaps we shouldn't try to answer the questions now - let's just note them down. Maurice always said the power in a question is not in the answer, it's in the way the imagination gets busy when the question is at work.
Mackenzie Davis|And I'm very surprised that all this stuff actually worked out to where I could have a career in film, gain the benefit of my education, and be thankful that I was able to break into my craft as an actor.
Idries Shah, Observations|Words, they say, are the food of minds. But, like other foods, they can do little by themselves.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|Practically every mental health care practitioner, from the most erudite psychoanalysts to untrained self-help gurus, tell us that it is infinitely more fulfilling and we are all saner if we tell the truth, yet most of us are not rushing to stand up and be counted among the truth tellers. Indeed, as someone committed to being honest in daily life I experience the constant drag of being seen as a 'freak,' for telling the truth, even when I speak truthfully about simple matters. If a friend gives me a gift and asks me to tell him or her whether I like it, I will respond honestly and judiciously; that is to say I will speak the truth in a positive, caring manner. Yet even in this situation, the person who asks for honesty will often express annoyance when given a truthful response.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|Every time I annoy him he retreats into his No Mundanes Allowed tree house." Simon pointed at Jace.
Alexander Stone|It is has been a long time since I have written one of my statuses about life. I have been very busy trying to promote my Fan page, Friends and services, and my books. However, I can tell you all one thing for certain. I am not a Quitter. I will not stop writing books. I will not stop pushing myself to succeed. I will not stop being who I am.I am a winner. Winning is an attitude. You take the good with the bad and you keep on going. It gets hard, you get tired and sometimes burnt out but you keep on going anyway, because you can.Winners have setbacks, but winners learn tighten their belts and go on. Winner look at what has gone wrong and instead of complaining they find ways of doing it better. Winners know that Rome was not built in a day and take every day as it comes.Winners do not whine, they roar.
Phyllis Reynolds Naylor, Now I'll Tell You Everything|But how did you know that it was Stacy?”“There wasn’t a green light flashing, that’s for sure,” he said. “Mostly, I felt I’d met a person I wanted to spend the rest of my life with. That I didn’t need to look any further.””“But how can you be sure?” I persisted.“You can’t. There’s not just one person in the world who’s your type. There’s a whole group with the same likes and dislikes. But you want to spend your whole life looking for all of them? You just feel that everything’s right. You’re at peace with yourself.
Dr. Seuss|They say I'm old-fashioned, and live in the past, but sometimes I think progress progresses too fast!
Sally Morgan, My Place|You're very beautiful, dear', she said, 'what nationality are you, Indian?''No', I smiled, 'I'm Aboriginal.'She looked at me in shock. 'You can't be,' she said.'I am.''Oh, you poor thing,' she said, putting her arm around me, 'what on earth are you going to do?
Moacyr Scliar|You show me a school with a principal behind the desk, and I'll show you a school without principal leadership. (Quoting Baruti Kafele)
Michael Bassey Johnson, Master of Maxims|The purge is made to release the aggression, anger, rage everything just in on place.
Heraclitus|No man ever steps in the same river twice, for it's not the same river and he's not the same man.
Idries Shah, Reflections|O prejudice, prejudice, prejudice, how many hast thou destroyed! Men who might have been wise have remained fools because they thought they were wise. Many judge what the gospel ought to be, but do not actually enquire as to what it is. They do not come to the Bible to obtain their views of religion, but they open that Book to find texts to suit the opinions which they bring to it. They are not open to the honest force of truth, and therefore are not saved by it.
Gisele Bundchen|Acting has always existed alongside my normal life. It's been a case of learning on the job. I've worked in so many styles, with so many people, so I've picked bits up from everyone and everything.
E.L. Konigsburg, The View from Saturday|Nathan, how can you stand playing the same piece over and over again?" And Grandpa Nate answered, "Why don't you ask me how I can stand making love to the same woman over and over again?
James Runcie, The Colour Of Heaven|Body is a home, a prison and a grave.
Stanley Victor Paskavich|Some people live a lifetime every second, others only a second in a life time with little happiness to find. Learn to seize each and every second and make your life divine!
Claire A. Murray|It's as if they've planned out my life for me and I'm expected to live it for them. I hate it. So I don't tell anyone much. It's easier that way." ~Dani O'Meara from the forthcoming amateur sleuth mystery, Dangerous Days for Dani
Stephen R. Lawhead, The Paradise War|Apart from pleasure, beauty also kindles imagination, hope and encouragement. If beauty ceased to exist, we would, in a very real sense, cease to exist--for we would be no longer who we are.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|As the sun sets, something in me rises! Do you think it could be my soul? I feel it's a big probability!
Matt Damon|Not to be too preachy, but I would really recommend to people, if you get the chance, to trust yourselves to leap without a net, because that will build the confidence. You know, you might shock yourself with how much you don't need a net because you can catch yourself.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Plants turn their face to the Sun; Animals, to the ground; and Men, to the darkness!
Jenny Holzer|With mindfulness we have the choice of responding with compassion to the pain of craving, anger, fear and confusion. Without mindfulness we are stuck in the reactive pattern and identification that will inevitably create more suffering and confusion.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|Your destiny is the result of the choices that you make, which paths you take in life.
Irfa Adam|Mankind is like ocean, we only see the things which comes up! If we wanna know someone better we need a deeper dive.
Rachel Cusk, Outline|Touched by an act of kindness, be kind to others.
William Paul Young, Cross Roads|Nobody really metamorphoses. Cinderella is always Cinderella, just in a nicer dress. The Ugly Duckling was always a swan, just a smaller version. And I bet the tadpole and the caterpillar still feel the same, even when they're jumping and flying, swimming and floating.Just like I am now.
Maya Lin|Even though I build buildings and I pursue my architecture, I pursue it as an artist. I deliberately keep a tiny studio. I don't want to be an architectural firm. I want to remain an artist.
Kruthika Swaminathan|Not everyone is running the same race,sometimes you gotta chosesometimes you gotta loseNot everyone is running at the same pace,sometimes you gotta look backsometimes you gotta wait for them on the trackNot everyone is looking for the same place,sometimes you gotta run fastsometimes you just gotta walk pastIt's like the cars on the freeway,they follow the red green rulesbut they are always on the moveLife is this and much more!though you keep running till you reach the heavenly doorafter all, it is all about the journey and the destination you adore!
Friedrich August von Hayek|Science, like art, religion, commerce, warfare, and even sleep, is based on presuppositions.
Sting|I am not here to parade my religious sentiments, but I declare I have too much respect for the faith in which I was born to ever use it as the basis of a political organization.
Loretta Chase, Viscount Vagabond|I don't know who had the training of you," he continued doggedly, "but your morals are shocking. You spent a night in my bed, remember, after a night in a bawdy house. You go about collecting street urchins and letting inebriated vagabonds kiss you, and then you get into brawls in pawnshops. You are probably past all redemption, but I'm going to reform you anyhow. If you behave yourself, perhaps I'll let you reform me on occasion, but I make no promises.
C.S. Lewis|For most of human history, 'literature,' both fiction and poetry, has been narrated, not written — heard, not read. So fairy tales, folk tales, stories from the oral tradition, are all of them the most vital connection we have with the imaginations of the ordinary men and women whose labor created our world.
Cat Cora|When I left for college, I told myself that this was a chance for reinvention. No one on the other side of the country knew that I was an introvert, so maybe if I tried not acting like an introvert, I wouldn't be one.
Brian Zahnd, A Farewell to Mars: An Evangelical Pastor's Journey Toward the Biblical Gospel of Peace|I thought of you when I read this quote from "A Farewell to Mars: An Evangelical Pastor's Journey Toward the Biblical Gospel of Peace" by Brian Zahnd -"Jesus is introduced. (Standing ovation.) He stands before Congress and begins to deliver his speech. “Blessed are the poor …the mourners … the meek.” “Love your enemies.” “Turn the other cheek.” After a few perfunctory applauses early on, I’m pretty sure there would be a lot of squirming senators and uncomfortable congressmen. The room would sink into a tense silence. And when Jesus concluded his speech with a prophecy of the inevitable fall of the house that would not act upon his words (Matt. 7:26–27), what would Congress do? Nothing. They would not act. They could not act. To act on Jesus’s words would undo their system. The Sermon on the Mount doesn’t work in Cain’s system—no matter how noble or sophisticated. In the end, the US Congress would no more adopt the policies Jesus set out in the Sermon on the Mount than they were adopted by the Jewish Sanhedrin or the Roman Senate.
Donna Grant, Darkest Flame: Part 3|After a taste of a Scot, you'll never look elsewhere again."A brunette smiled seductively, "That's quite a boast.""I'm quite a man.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|KEY OF LIFEThe key of lifeSymbolizes the mapOf existence.Once you free yourselfFrom all resistance,Your path will become white -For the remainder of the distance.Poetry by Suzy Kassem
Ann Voskamp, One Thousand Gifts: A Dare to Live Fully Right Where You Are|Eucharisteo means 'to give thanks,' and give is a verb, something that we do. God calls me to do thanks. to give the thanks away. That thanks-giving might literally become thanks-living. That our lives become the very blessings we have received. I am blessed. I can bless. Imagine! I could let Him make me the gift! I could be the joy!
|No matter how strong the winds of trials and tribulations blow, never take your sight off from the prize ahead.
Clint Eastwood|Football is like life - it requires perseverance, self-denial, hard work, sacrifice, dedication and respect for authority.
Idries Shah, Seeker After Truth|Saadi’s dictum, in the Bostan: ‘The Path is not in the rosary, the prayer-mat and the robe
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland|And what is the use of a book," thought Alice, "without pictures or conversation?
Diana Gabaldon, Written in My Own Heart's Blood|Indeed, this crisis was also spurred by the abandonment of professional ideals in the pursuit of profit that made managed care necessary in the first place.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley|There are days when solitude is a heady wine that intoxicates you with freedom, others when it is a bitter tonic, and still others when it is a poison that makes you beat your head against the wall.
Richelle Mead, Shadow Kiss|Fangs are more pointed, and vampires use fangs to bite people on the neck.''Yech! Who'd want to do that?''Vampires would, that's who.''Wait a minute. I saw Mrs. Monroe bite Mr. Monroe on the neck once. Does that mean she's a vampire?''Boy, are you dumb. She's not a vampire. She's a lawyer.
Russell Anthony Gibbs, The Six Principles of Enlightenment and Meaning of Life|He accomplished wonders of diplomacy on the principle, never give way, and never give offense.
Dougie Brimson, Wings of a Sparrow|Oh really?’ said Mayes raising a mocking eyebrow which put Rob in mind of a poor man’s Roger Moore. ‘And what on earth makes you think that you of all people would be allowed anywhere near our board meeting? Rob’s smile widened as he realised that he was about to have one of those golden bombshell moments of the type he’d been on the receiving end of all too frequently over the last few days. ‘Because Mr. Mayes, I’m your new chairman.
Pratheepan Gulasekaram, The New Immigration Federalism|Most people can't tell if I'm European, Asian, African or American. Isn't it good to know my ancestors weren't racist motherfuckers?
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Play like a child, because you are still that beautiful child.
Sunday Adelaja|For a nation to be truly wealthy, it must possess a wealth of virtues.
Ludwig von Mises, Economic Freedom and Interventionism|People must learn that the accumulation of wealth by the successfulconduct of business is the corollary of the improvement of their own standard ofliving and vice versa. They must realize that bigness in business is not an evil, but both the cause and effect of the fact that they themselves enjoy all those amenitieswhose enjoyment is called the “American way of life.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The aim is to love God because the pure heart loves loving God and because the true mind knows He deserves it. Unlike the accusations and beliefs of the critics and skeptics, it is neither an obligation of duty; nor a fear of damnation; nor a wish for power; nor a desire to appear more righteous than others; nor because God needs it; but because through all love, truth, reason, faith, honesty, and joy in and beyond oneself and the universe, He is worthy.
Dalai Lama XIV, Freedom in Exile: The Autobiography of the Dalai Lama|What could she do, bound as she was by the tyranny of silence? She dared not explain the girl to herself...that wilfully selfish tyranny of silence evolved by a crafty old ostrich of a world for its own well-being and comfort. The world hid its head in the sands of convention, so that seeing nothing it might avoid Truth...if silence is golden it is also in this case, very expedient.
Friedrich Hund|Even if the aliens are short, dour, and sexually obsessed—if they’re here, I want to know about them.
Ilie Nastase|If you have confidence you have patience. Confidence, that is everything.
William Wilberforce, Real Christianity|We can scarcely indeed look into any part of the sacred volume without meeting abundant proofs, that it is the religion of the Affections which God particularly requires. Love, Zeal, Gratitude, Joy, Hope, Trust, are each of them specified; and are not allowed to us as weaknesses, but enjoined on us as our bounden duty, and commended to us as our acceptable worship.
A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh|A bear, however hard he tries, grows tubby without exercise.
Tom Felton|Science is a self-correcting discipline that can, in subsequent generations, show that previous ideas were not correct.
Margot Robbie|Dating has taught me what I want and don't want, who I am, and who I want to be.
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|Death must be so beautiful. To lie in the soft brown earth, with the grasses waving above one’s head, and listen to silence. To have no yesterday, and no tomorrow. To forget time, to forgive life, to be at peace.
Calvin Coolidge|What moves those of genius, what inspires their work is not new ideas, but their obsession with the idea that what has already been said is still not enough.
M. Lee Goff|Of the contributions made during the essayist period three call for notice: Weismann deserves mention for his useful work in asking for the proof that "acquired characters" or, to speak more precisely, parental experience can really be transmitted to the offspring. The ocurrence of progressive adaptation by transmission of effects of use had seemed so natural to Darwin and his contemporaries that no proof of the physiological reality of the henomenon was thought necessary. Weismann's challenge revealed the utter inadequacy of the evidence on which the beliefs were based. They are doubtless isolated observations which may be interpreted as favouring the belief in these transmissions, but such meagre indications as exist are by general consent admitted to be too slight to be of much assistance in the attempt to understand how the more complex adaptive mechanisms arose.
Katherine McIntyre, Captured Memories|The dreams that surfaced upon meeting up with him again winked out of existence, stars darkening for good.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|Suffering has been stronger than all other teaching, and has taught me to understand what your heart used to be. I have been bent and broken, but - I hope - into a better shape.
Amir Khusrau, The Writings Of Amir Khusrau :700 years after the prophet : a 13th-14th century legend of Indian-sub-continent|As the river enters into the ocean,so my heart touches Thee.
"Beta" Metani' Marashi|Maintainig a positive attitude is essential, especially in trying times
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Liberating a prejudiced mind from its preconceived notions and scripting a life of purposefulness requires constant postulation, observation, evaluation, and synthesizing.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Of course I am not referring to those outburts of passions that drive us to do and say things we will later regret, that delude us into thinking we cannot life without a certain person, that set us quivering with anxiety at the mere possibility we might ever lose that person-a feeling that impoverishes rather than enriches us because we long to possess what we cannot, to hold on what we cannot.No. I speak of a love that brings sight to the blind. Of a love stronger than fear. I speak of a love that breathes meaning into life, that defies the natural laws of deterioration, that causes us to flourish, that knows no bounds. I speak of the triumph of the human spirit over selfishness and death.
Naomi Wolf|It's good to be able to be a leading lady, to be a romantic lead, to play opposite people who are talented, and charismatic and stuff.
Bauvard, Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic|The lampshade on my head is for my bright ideas. I won't be able to convey them until Monday, when my curtain gets out of the dry cleaners.
Catherine Carrigan, What Is Healing? Awaken Your Intuitive Power for Health and Happiness|Unconditional love… It’s a sacred space, an energy. An eternal flow of all that we are.
Laurie Notaro, The Potty Mouth at the Table|One time, I went to a restaurant and I asked the waiter for some food for thought. He left, came back, and tried shoving a sirloin in my ear.
J.L. Paul, Vicious Circles|But us women, well, we like our egos stroked every once in a while and a boy mourning over us is a huge boost
Patrick Carman, The Dark Planet|Lacking a clear formula for making decisions, we get reactive and fall back on familiar, comfortable ways to decide what to do. Pinballing through our day like a confused character in a B-horror movie, we end up running up the stairs instead of out the front door. The best decision gets traded for any decision.
Maya Angelou|He stepped back and threw his arms out."I'm always crazy around you Rose. Here, I'm going to write an impromptu poem for you."He tipped his head back and shouted to the sky:"Rose is in redBut never in blueSharp as a thornFights like one too.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|Do anything, save to lie down and die!
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|But Annabeth just smiled and put us in jail. As she was heading back to the front line, she turned and winked. "See you at the fireworks?"She didn't even wait for my answer before darting off into the woods.I looked at Beckendorf. "Did she just...ask me out?"He shrugged, completely disgusted. "Who knows with girls? Give me a haywire dragon, any day."So we sat together and waited while the girls won the game.
Eça de Queirós|Politicians and diapers should be changed frequently, and for the same reason.
Carl Sagan|The suppression of uncomfortable ideasmay be common in religion and politics, but it is not the path to knowledge; it has no placein the endeavor of science.
Franz Kafka, Letters to Friends, Family, and Editors|I think we ought to read only the kind of books that wound and stab us. If the book we’re reading doesn’t wake us up with a blow on the head, what are we reading it for?
Mary Pickford|Next time a sunrise steals your breath or a meadow of flowers leave you speechless  remain that way. Say nothing  and listen as heaven whispers  "Do you like it? I did it just for you."
Corey Ann Haydu, The Careful Undressing of Love|I want to know if we are the same, in the moments when we’re stripped bare.
Marty Rubin|In winter, on the darkest nights, one rejoices even to see the tiniest sliver of a moon.
T.H. White, The Once and Future King|There is one fairly good reason for fighting - and that is, if the other man starts it. You see, wars are a great wickedness, perhaps the greatest wickedness of a wicked species. They are so wicked that they must not be allowed. When you can be perfectly certain that the other man started them, then is the time when you might have a sort of duty to stop them. 
Evan Minton, A Hellacious Doctrine: A Defense Of The Biblical Doctrine Of Hell|God hates Hell. He hates the idea of people going there. He hates it so much that He was willing to take on human flesh and be tortured on a cross in order to absorb the penalty for sin on our behalf. God wants no one to perish but for all people to come to repentance, and He grieves when people don’t.
Debasish Mridha|To have abundance, appreciate what you have with great love and share your possessions with joy.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, The Way of the Heart: The Spirituality of the Desert Fathers and Mothers|Your own space, man, it's so important. That's why we were doomed because we didn't have any. It is like monkeys in a zoo. They die. You know, everything needs to be left alone.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Gay Science|Books and drafts mean something quite different for different thinkers. One collects in a book the lights he was able to steal and carry home swiftly out of the rays of some insight that suddenly dawned on him, while another thinker offers us nothing but shadows - images in black and grey of what had built up in his soul the day before.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|It happened in New York, April 10th, nineteen years ago. Even my hand balks at the date. I had to push to write it down, just to keep the pen moving on the paper. It used to be a perfectly ordinary day, but now it sticks up on the calendar like a rusty nail.
Frank Herbert, Dune|When a Truthsayer's gifted by the drug, she can look many places in her memory - in her body's memory. We look down so many avenues of the past... but only feminine avenues... Yet there's a place no Truthsayer can see. We are repelled by it, terrorized. It is said a man will come one day and find in the gift of the drug his inward eye. He will look where we cannot - into both feminine and masculine pasts... Many men have tried the drug... so many, but none has succeeded.""They tried and failed, all of them?""They tried and died.
Deborah Norville|He who loves with purity considers not the gift of the lover, but the love of the giver.
Jon Ronson, The Psychopath Test: A Journey Through the Madness Industry|Shall we go?' he murmured, perhaps regretting his decision to show me his army of plastic cartoon figurines.
Barbara Bush|'Which is stronger, politics or love?' is like asking, 'Which is stronger, exhaling or inhaling?' They are two sides of the same thing.
Cindy McCormick Martinusen|Have you ever noticed,” he said, stirred now by this vision of domestic bliss that was beyond his reach, and shocked earlier that evening to find himself crying in the subway on his way home from a client, “that gay people secrete everything in each other’s presence but tears?
Winifred Gallagher|He had sprung from a rigid Puritan stock, and had been brought up to think much more intently of the duties of this life than of its privileges and pleasures.
Alfred Stieglitz|No art is any good unless you can feel how it's put together. By and large it's the eye, the hand and if it's any good, you feel the body. Most of the best stuff seems to be a complete gesture, the totality of the artist's body; you can really lean on it.
George Hamilton|I think in a lot of romantic comedies it ends with a kiss, and I feel like in modern day relationships, and maybe just my own experience, it starts with a kiss and then all sort of falls apart and then comes together. You're texting. You're wondering what's going on. There's no definitions, there's no labels.
Kathy Bryson, Fighting Mad|Jinx, I know you just lost your grandfather, but you straighten out your tone right now or I will smack you one!
Sebastien de Castell|If not us, then who? Who's going to stand when everyone else kneels? Who's going to argue for the law even when there's no justice to be had? Who's going to try even when the trying is too damn hard?
Nanavira Thera|Never feed someone else's dream, you will only remain as a ghost in their vision.
Novellina A., Coppelia|Where there is humility, there you will find true humanity
Chris Kraus, I Love Dick|Is there a way," she wrote in closing, "to dignify sex, make it as complicated as we are, to make it not grotesque?
Terri Cheney, Manic: A Memoir|It’s a little-known secret, and it should probably stay that way: attempting suicide usually jump-starts your brain chemistry. There must be something about taking all those pills that either floods the brain sufficiently or depletes it so completely that balance is restored. Whatever the mechanism, the result is that you emerge on the other side of the attempt with an awareness of what it means to be alive. Simple acts seem miraculous: you can stand transfixed for hours just watching the wind ruffle the tiny hairs along the top of your arm. And always, with every sensation, is the knowledge that you must have survived for a reason. You just can’t doubt it anymore. You must have a purpose, or you would have died. You have the rest of your life to discover what that purpose is. And you can’t wait to start looking.
M.Padua|If you want to love God, love the less-fortunate one. If you want to see God, look through the eyes of a hungry child.
Tommy Hilfiger|No matter where you are, the root of you is designed from a young age. So if my confidence was taken as a child, you can gain back a lot of the confidence, but that root of the cavity will still be there.
Alton Brown|We live in a time when science is validating what humans have known throughout the ages: that compassion is not a luxury; it is a necessity for our well-being, resilience, and survival.
Cornelia Funke, Inkspell|This book taught me, once and for all, how easily you can escape this world with the help of words! You can find friends between the pages of a book, wonderful friends.
Ernest Hemingway, The Sun Also Rises|To Bette Davis, Gena Rowlands, Romy Schneider... To all actresses who have played actresses, to all women who act, to all men who act and become women, to all the people who want to be mothers. To my mother. - Dedication, Todo Sobre Mi Madre
Christopher Isherwood|[EM] Forster was the only living writer whom he would have described as his master. In other people’s books he found examples of style which he wanted to imitate and learn from. In Forster he found a key to the whole art of writing. The Zen masters of archery—of whom, in those days, Christopher had never heard—start by teaching you the mental attitude with which you must pick up the bow. A Forster novel taught Christopher the mental attitude with which he must pick up the pen.
Libba Bray, The Sweet Far Thing|When two evil guys fight in a duel,the worst of both will be the winner.
Birgitte Hjort Sorensen|Being on a lunchbox was awesome, and being on a thermos was pretty cool, too.
Eliot Spitzer|Don't send me flowers when I'm dead. If you like me, send them while I'm alive.
W.E.B. Du Bois, The Souls of Black Folk|Technology, like art, is a soaring exercise of the human imagination. Art is the aesthetic ordering of experience to express meanings in symbolic terms, and the reordering of nature--the qualities of space and time--in new perceptual and material form. Art is an end in itself; its values are intrinsic. Technology is the instrumental ordering of human experience within a logic of efficient means, and the direction of nature to use its powers for material gain. But art and technology are not separate realms walled off from each other. Art employs techne, but for its own ends. Techne, too, is a form of art that bridges culture and social structure, and in the process reshapes both.
Abraham Maslow|Marriage is like a game of chess except the board is flowing water, the pieces are made of smoke and no move you make will have any effect on the outcome.
Natalya Vorobyova|Hate lawyers all you want. Unlike you, we'll never be replaced with robots. Case closed!
Carrie Ann Ryan, An Immortal's Song|So," Tristan said with an odd grin. "This is my home."Seth looked at Armara, who blinked at him. "It's ...big," Seth said slowly.Armara laughed quietly and bumped her should against his arm. "It is that."...Tristan snorted and shook his head. "I'd make a joke along the lines of, 'well if you think this is big,'"...Nothing like a dick joke to bring people together.
Ellen Hopkins, Tilt|There's nothing as useful as the truth, in terms of ruining anyone's day, week, month, year, decade, or life… Unless, of course, you own a remotely operated automatic flamethrower-drone-tower and have some marinated pork-chops on your person, to lure unsuspecting dogs in close proximity to it, but since dogs don’t really have lives - by using this specific method of torture, you can only improve the remaining few seconds of their existence.
Elaine Ostrach Chaika|Trivia are not knowledge. Lists of facts don't comprise knowledge. Analyzing, hypothesizing, concluding from data, sharing insights, those comprise knowledge. You can't google for knowledge.
Lord Kelvin|Art has a double face, of expression and illusion, just like science has a double face: the reality of error and the phantom of truth.
Samuel Beckett|Do you drink?""Of course,I just said I was a writer.
Nely Cab, Creatura|Careful," he smiled, "I'm lethal.
Sarah Brownlee|Unworthy as I am, he allowed me to go to heaven, and I know the next time I go there, I’ll stay.
Joyce Meyer, Approval Addiction: Overcoming Your Need to Please Everyone|A letter?” repeated Professor McGonagall faintly, sitting back down on the wall. “Really Dumbledore, you think you can explain all this in a letter? These people will never understand him! He’ll be famous—a legend—I wouldn’t be surprised if today was known as Harry Potter day in the future—there will be books written about Harry—every child in our world will know his name! ...
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The best ideas will eat at you for days, maybe even weeks, until something, some incident, some impulse, triggers you to finally express them.
G.R. Gopinath|Where others saw gloom, I saw light or lit a candle.
Taylor Caldwell, Captains and the Kings|Not only is democracy mystical nonsense, it is also immoral. If one man has no right to impose his wishes on another, then ten million men have no right to impose their wishes on the one, since the initiation of force is wrong (and the assent of even the most overwhelming majority can never make it morally permissible). Opinions—even majority opinions—neither create truth nor alter facts. A lynch mob is democracy in action. So much for mob rule.
Richelle Mead, Silver Shadows|Are you in a suit?' I managed at last, my voice choking up. 'You didn’t have to dress up for me.''Quiet, Sage,' he said. 'I’ll make the hilarious one-liners during this daring rescue.
Tanzy Sayadi, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|Some of us die long before our last breath. We perish in the fire of love, reduced to ashes in the consuming blaze. No, we do not die when our hearts cease to beat, but when they start beating the first timefor someone else.
Amy Lane, Keeping Promise Rock|hope could betray you—but if you had no hope, life could actuallysurprise you in the best of ways.
Samantha Chase, Holiday Spice|What? I know I’m old enough to be his mother – his young mother,” she added. “I can still appreciate an attractive man!
Martina Navratilova|There is nothing in the world, I venture to say, that would so effectively help one to survive even the worst conditions as the knowledge that there is a meaning in one's life.
George R.R. Martin, A Feast for Crows|Who said that the sailing is going to be smooth?Though, isn't it worth when you're someone's number one?
Matshona Dhliwayo|A tree's beauty lies in its branches, but its strength lies in its roots.
L.M. Browning, Seasons of Contemplation: A Book of Midnight Meditations|We pass hatred and prejudice on to our children, as though they were heirlooms of humanity. We cling to traditions that keep us bound to a way of life that no longer works and arguably never has. Those who can glean the wisdom of the old traditions, but put away the ignorance and prejudices interwoven into them by the generations to come before, have always played a vital role in our global community; though their actions are usually met with resistance. We—all of us—must be assured that change can come without loss of identity. There are certain things we can leave along the roadside without becoming less than we are—certain heirlooms that, when let go, free us to move forward into a healthier future.
Viktor E. Frankl|Whenever you choose power over love, you will never find true happiness.
Sylvan Barnet|Man is mortal. This is his fate. Man pretends not to be mortal. That is his sin. Man is a creature of time and place, whose perspectives and insights are invariably conditioned by his immediate circumstances.
Obehi Peter Ewanfoh, Still Owing Me Goodbye|Breakups can be sad, but sometimes tears are the price we pay for a freedom we need.
Anthony T. Hincks|History will always repeat itself, because it makes for good reading. It doesn't have to be truthful or factual, just entertaining with the odd fact thrown in for good measure.
Oliver Gaspirtz|I believe, if there is some sort of higher power, the universe is it. Whenever religious people ask me where the universe came from, I tell them that it has always been here, and was never created. The Big Bang theory is based on the fact that the universe is expanding right now. And if you rewind the tape, the universe appears to be shrinking. If you rewind the tape far enough, eventually the universe must be just one singular point. Or so the theory goes. But what if the universe has not always been expanding? What if it's pulsating, and one pulse takes trillions of years, and right now the universe is inhaling, and before that, trillions of years ago, it was exhaling?
Liz Moore, The Unseen World|One saw a bird dying, shot by a man. It was flying with rhythmic beat and beautifully, with such freedom and lack of fear. And the gun shattered it; it fell to the earth and all the life had gone out of it. A dog fetched it, and the man collected other dead birds. He was chattering with his friend and seemed so utterly indifferent. All that he was concerned with was bringing down so many birds, and it was over as far as he was concerned. They are killing all over the world. Those marvellous, great animals of the sea, the whales, are killed by the million, and the tiger and so many other animals are now becoming endangered species. Man is the only animal that is to be dreaded.
Hunter Shea, Swamp Monster Massacre|Just one pit stop, Rae. One pit stop that won't even take an hour. Then it's over. It's finally over.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Create a good idea and leave it in the darkness; you will then see that people will come with the candles in their hands to find it, because just like the bad, the good has also a special scent!
P.S. Baber, Cassie Draws the Universe|I choose to believe God had a more direct involvement in the creation of my heart and consciousness than in the creation of any book, no matter how thick or old it may be.
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|Communication is not a two way street. It is a bridge. Either you have one or you build one. It's about connecting, not correcting.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you step on a serpent, it will reply you with its fangs.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|I believe it is the responsibility of each of us to pass on whatever we have learned in our time here. If I reach enlightenment after meditating in a cave for 10 years, but do not pass on this teaching and it dies with me, this was a wasted life. I believe we are here to help one another, and each of us has a unique wisdom that we should do our best to convey to others.
Plato|Until justice is blind to color, until education is unaware of race, until opportunity is unconcerned with the color of men's skins, emancipation will be a proclamation but not a fact.
Anthony Liccione|Never underestimate wisdom in silence, proof isn't always a mouthful of words.
Jonny Lang|In 1979, when I was toddler, the Russians invaded Afghanistan, and my whole family fled to Vienna, Virginia. Far from home, my parents were determined to raise my two sisters and me according to Afghan traditions.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|Remember that when you say ‘I will have none of this exile and this stranger for his face is not like my face and his speech is strange,’ you have denied America with that word.
Sara Niles, Torn From the Inside Out|The power of the undefeatable human spirit, came alive in me, and stirred the embers of my long smoldering anger into a rage of fire. I screamed a battle cry inside myself, and felt the same vigor ignite within me that inspired men for thousands of years to fight when the odds were against them. I became passionate, as I adopted a plan to fight back and win.
Albert Camus|Virtue is more to be feared than vice, because its excesses are not subject to the regulation of conscience.
Terry Pratchett, Equal Rites|Granny," said Esk, in the exasperated and remarkably adult voice children use to berate their wayward elders. "I don't think you quite understand. I don't want to hit the ground. It's never done anything to me.
Carolyn Bramhall, Am I a Good Girl Yet?: Childhood Abuse Had Shattered Her. What Would It Take to Make Her Whole?|It was soon after that I, overwhelmed with the implications of that memory, overdosed - well, somebody did but as it was my mouth and my stomach that was involved I had to take the consequences. Somehow or other (did an alter ring him?) Bruce (from my support group) got to know, drove over and took us to the hospital.
Walter Houser Brattain|The most convincing proof of the conversion of heat into living force [vis viva] has been derived from my experiments with the electro-magnetic engine, a machine composed of magnets and bars of iron set in motion by an electrical battery. I have proved by actual experiment that, in exact proportion to the force with which this machine works, heat is abstracted from the electrical battery. You see, therefore, that living force may be converted into heat, and that heat may be converted into living force, or its equivalent attraction through space.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The Gospel should never be dull, for it is the most exciting and relevant news we could ever receive. When we find it dull, it is a warning sign that something is going on inside us and we need to take action to correct it.
Donald Cozzens, Notes from the Underground: The Spiritual Journal of a Secular Priest|You can become the greatest personality in your community by developing the sagacity of humility, teachability, prosperity-mentality and accountability.
Joseph Campbell, The Power of Myth|The moral, I suppose, would be that the first requirements for a heroic career are the knightly virtues of loyalty, temperance, and courage. The loyalty in this case is of two degrees or commitments: first, to the chosen adventure, but then, also, to the ideals of the order of knighthood. Now, this second commitment seems to put Gawain's way in opposition to the way of the Buddha, who when ordered by the Lord of Duty to perform the social duties proper to his caste, simply ignored the command, and that night achieved illumination as well as release from rebirth. Gawain is a European and, like Odysseus, who remained true to the earth and returned from the Island of the Sun to his marriage with Penelope, he has accepted, as the commitment of his life, not release from but loyalty to the values of life in this world. And yet, as we have just seen, whether following the middle way of the Buddha or the middle way of Gawain, the passage to fulfillment lies between the perils of desire and fear.
Richard Dawkins, The Blind Watchmaker: Why the Evidence of Evolution Reveals a Universe Without Design|Every question leads to new answers, new discoveries, and new smarter questions.
E.M. Forster, A Room with a View|There is only a certain amount of kindness in the world…just as there is a certain amount of light. We cast a shadow on something wherever we stand, and it is no good moving from place to place to save things…Choose a place where you won’t do very much harm and stand in it for all you are worth, facing the sunshine.
Ravindra Shukla, A Maverick Heart: Between Love and Life|All the sanguine guesswork of youth is there, and the silliness; all the novelty of being alive and impressed by the urgency of tremendous trivialities.
Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra|Yea, and if some god shall wreck me in the wine-dark deep,even so I will endure…For already have I suffered full much,and much have I toiled in perils of waves and war.Let this be added to the tale of those.
L.M. Montgomery, The Blue Castle|There is no such thing as freedom on earth," he said. "Only different kinds of bondages. And comparative bondages. YOU think you are free now because you've escaped from a peculiarly unbreakable kind of bondage. But are you? You love me - THAT'S a bondage.
Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl|Finding yourself and creating a life that feels authentic and safe is the hardest, most important work that we will ever do and for girls, especially young girls, there is no one more equipped to do this work.
Aimee Bender, The Color Master: Stories|Twice I'd come home as they were finishing, and, honestly, I cannot think of a lonelier sound on a Saturday night than one's roommate having a giant orgasm and then making an embarrassed sssh sound, realizing that maybe through her pleasure she'd heard the front door open and close.
Edward Gibbon|Unprovided with original learning, unformed in the habits of thinking, unskilled in the arts of composition, I resolved to write a book. 
Catherynne M. Valente, In the Night Garden|If someone's deeds lower his position, his pedigree cannot elevate it.
Joseph B. Wirthlin|What the world needs today more than anything else is an implicit faith in God, our Father, and in Jesus Christ, His Son, as the Redeemer of the world.
Bidemi Mark-Mordi|And then came a damp, cold night in Flanders, through which we marched in silence, and when the day began to emerge from the mists, suddenly an iron greeting came whizzing at us over our heads, and with a sharp report sent the little pellets flying between our ranks, ripping up the wet ground; but even before the little cloud had passed, from two hundred throats the first hurrah rose to meet the first messenger of death. Then a crackling and a roaring, a singing and a howling began, and with feverish eyes each one of us was drawn forward, faster and faster, until suddenly past turnip fields and hedges the fight began, the fight of man against man. And from the distance the strains of a song reached our ears, coming closer and closer, leaping from company to company, and just as Death plunged a busy hand into our ranks, the song reached us too and we passed it along: Deutschland, Deutschland über Alles, über Alles in der Welt!
Andy Rooney, Sincerely, Andy Rooney|I'd be more willing to accept religion, even if I didn't believe it, if I thought it made people nicer to each other but I don't think it does.
Mark Driscoll, Real Marriage: The Truth About Sex, Friendship, and Life Together|If I am attempting to describe him, it is in order not to forget him. It is sad to forget a friend. Not every one has had a friend.
W.A. Hoffman, Matelots|All right, baby," Daphne crooned."Talk to Mama and tell me all your secrets. . . .
Idries Shah, The World of the Sufi: An Anthology of Writings about Sufis and Their Work|Ibn El-Arabi wrote, ‘The Teacher is he who hears you, then unveils you to yourself
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|You do care, you feel as though you will bleed to death with the pain of it all.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Painted Veil|It drains the bars and cafes after hours, concentrates the wicked and the guilty along its chipped Formica counter, and thrums with the gossip of criminals, policemen, shtarkers,and schlemiels, whores and night owls ... three or four floaters, solitaries, and drunks between benders lean against the sparkly resin counter, sucking the tea from their shtekelehs and working the calulations of their next big mistake.
Ben Hecht|For me, music is my joy. It's my happiness. As long as this medicine, this chemo is in my body, I didn't have my love, my joy.
Theodor W. Adorno, Essays on Music|They [the critics] deal with Schoenberg’s early works and all their wealth by classifying them, with the music-historical cliché, as late romantic post-Wagnerian. One might just as well dispose of Beethoven as a late-classicist post-Haydnerian.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|We don’t have the same backgrounds, we do not possess the same skills or talents, we are not from the same generation, and neither do we have access to the same platform to shine. Things are not equal and life is not constant – there will never be the so-called level playing field.
Ron Baratono|Each day we hold things in our heart, sometimes these things are heavy. Carrying God's grace with us each and every day lightens life's load.
Susanna Clarke, Jonathan Strange & Mr Norrell|Oh! And they read English novels! David! Did you ever look into an English novel? Well, do not trouble yourself. It is nothing but a lot of nonsense about girls with fanciful names getting married.
Sigmund Freud, The Future of an Illusion|The Creator did not speak man into existence as He did all else which He made, but He began with previously made material. So in the restoration process He did not speak the restoration into reality by fiat. Rather He began the process through a series of connected acts and events. And certainly no act of the Eternal Creator would ever be without purpose or reason.
Leon Uris|My passion was to be on Broadway and to be part of this community because I saw what it was like from the outside as the young kid in and around New York, and I would see things like the 'Easter Bonnet' or 'Broadway Bares,' things I would sneak into.
Rick Perry|The three touchstones that woke Buddha up - sickness, old age, and death - are a pretty good place to start when crafting a tragic tale. And if we need to get more specific: heartbreak, destruction, miscomprehension, natural disasters, betrayal, and the waste of human potential.
John Fowles|To draw close to Divinity is to come to appreciate man as a divine creation, for “If men do not comprehend the character of God, they do not comprehend themselves” (Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, 343).
Alex E. Carey, Earth's Embrace|Everything changes, and there’s no denying that. But change isn’t always bad, as long as you hold onto who you truly are, and hold onto each other.
Zach Anner|My childhood was great because my family has an amazing sense of humor, and it was just all making videos and jokes and doing skits and things.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The latent abundance of your inner most resources matters less. What matter most is the impact you can make with your inner resources and the distinctive footprints you can leave with what is within you. The excuse not to dare is there for everybody. When you see so many people crowded at the entrance, think of the roofing and if the roofing is too high, think of the next door and if the next door is not penetrable, create a door within the wall.
Erik Pevernagie|The perpetual movement of the water, rolling from and to unknown destinations, the voices of the sea shield us from the raging furies and shrieking sounds of dystopian surroundings, creating an unwinding veil for stilled happiness, acquainting us with the gentle, cosmic rhythms of an extraneous world. They are a soothing relief and let us listen to the voices of our inner world. ("Voices of the sea" )
Ronald C. White Jr.|After his failed political career, Lincoln often pondered the question of the purpose of the meaning of life. In 1850 [ten years before he was elected President], Lincoln told Herdon [his law partner] "How hard, oh how hard it is to die and leave one's country no better than if one had never lived.
Steve Shook|Always follow your brain, because your heart is dumb as shit
Ian McEwan, Nutshell|Adversity forced awareness on us, and it works, it bites us when we go too near the fire, when we love too hard. Those felt sensations are the beginning of the invention of the self. And if that works, why not feeling disgust for shit, fearing the cliff edge and strangers, remembering insults and favours, liking sex and food? God said, Let there be pain. And there was poetry. Eventually.
Gina Gordon, Recipe for Satisfaction|Penn is the brains behind this event. On behalf of my brothers, and all of the kids in the program, I’d like to say thank you.” Neil winked. “It seems that the four of us just can’t function without a strong, focused woman telling us what to do.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|They say: misfortunes, sufferings...well, if someone said to me right now, this minute: do you want to remain the way you were before captivity, or live through it all over again? For God's sake, captivity again and horsemeat! Once we're thrown off our habitual paths, we think all is lost; but it's only here that the new and the good begins. As long as there's life, there's happiness. There's much, much still to come.
Mads Mikkelsen|Unlike most traditional, season-long fantasy sports sites, which make most of their money from administrative fees and advertising, FanDuel and DraftKings take a cut of every bet. That is what bookies do, and it is illegal in New York.
Susan Pease Banitt, The Trauma Tool Kit: Healing PTSD from the Inside Out|Traumatic events, by definition, overwhelm our ability to cope. When the mind becomes flooded with emotion, a circuit breaker is thrown that allows us to survive the experience fairly intact, that is, without becoming psychotic or frying out one of the brain centers. The cost of this blown circuit is emotion frozen within the body. In other words, we often unconsciously stop feeling our trauma partway into it, like a movie that is still going after the sound has been turned off. We cannot heal until we move fully through that trauma, including all the feelings of the event.
Shannon L. Alder|When people want to win they will go to desperate extremes. However, anyone that has already won in life has come to the conclusion that there is no game. There is nothing but learning in this life and it is the only thing we take with us to the grave—knowledge. If you only understood that concept then your heart wouldn’t break so bad. Jealousy or revenge wouldn’t be your ambition. Stepping on others to raise yourself up wouldn’t be a goal. Competition would be left on the playing field, and your freedom from what other people think about you would light the pathway out of hell.
H.P. Lovecraft, The Thing on the Doorstep|He supposed that even in Hell, people got an occasional sip of water, if only so they could appreciate the full horror of unrequited thirst when it set in again.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|I looked at her, with her hair spilled out on the pillows and the warmth of her body warming mine. And I thought, god-dang, if this ain't a heck of a way to be in bed with a pretty woman. The two of you arguing about murder, and threatening each other, when you're supposed to be in love and you could be doing something pretty nice. And then I thought, well, maybe it ain't so strange after all. Maybe it's like this with most people, everyone doing pretty much the same thing except in a different way. And all the time they're holding heaven in their hands.
Helen Goldie, Nell of Whitemoss: You Are Never Alone|As time passed, I began to get depressed and cried a lot. It was not because of my pregnancy. Praise the Lord, I wasn't having any more morning sickness, and I remained in good health, but my emotions were taking a nosedive. In my present situation, I was so isolated, and so lonely, and when a woman is pregnant, she doesn't feel pretty any more. In fact, she often feels ugly and awkward.
Cristiano Ronaldo|When the solution is simple, God is answering.
Petra Hermans|Hope, Glory and Victory over All the Lives of Life,Religious Leader Petra Cecilia Maria HermansReligion of Blue CircleBabajiOctober 9, 2016
Jodi Picoult, Change of Heart|When you're different, sometimes you don't see the millions of people who accept you for what you are. All you notice is the person who doesn't.
Fredrik Backman, Beartown|Sometimes, watching a movie is a bit like being raped.
Deyth Banger|What I keep in secret, it makes you to get closer as fast you get to the secret and you reveal it. You don't have anymore the "want" or the "will" or the "motivation" which to make you want to like me... It's the truth, the truth ruins, the secret devastate the stuff and the lie just makes corrections in the correction but all in the end is in one place and it's really screw up.
Frank Miller, Sin City, Vol. 3: The Big Fat Kill|The fire, baby. It'll burn us both. There's no place in this world for our kind of fire. My warrior woman. My valkyrie. You'll always be mine. Always. And never.
Anonymous|When asked to spell Mississippi the boy asked  "The river or the state?"
Joan Didion, Blue Nights|What I mean is something like a closed circuit. Everybody on the same frequency. And after a while you forget about the rest of the spectrum and start believing that this is the only frequency that counts or is real. While outside, all up and down the land, there are these wonderful colors and x-rays and ultraviolets going on.
Andrew Peterson, The Monster in the Hollows|I'll put her in charge of the puppies. I've twelve this week that need tending. How does that suit you?"Leeli's mouth hung open. She tried to say something but instead crumpled to the floor. She had fainted with joy.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Every human generation has its own illusions with regard to civilization; some believe they are taking part in its upsurge, others that they are witnesses of its extinction. In fact, it always both flames and smolders and is extinguished, according to the place and the angle of view.
Anne Rice, The Queen of the Damned|The spirit who inhabits her animates us all. Destroy the host, you destroy the power. The young die first; the old wither slowly; the eldest perhaps would go last. But she is the Queen of the Damned, and the Damned can't live without her.
Richard Dunphy, Sexual Politics|Some writers have even argued that it may be possible to wean sex offenders away from their criminal activities through the use of pornography - with pornography acting as a substitute for sexual acts rather than a stimulant. This ties in with the argument that the pro-censorship lobby fails to distinguish between fantasy and reality, and to recognise that many people - including feminists! - can behave in perfectly decent, moral and non-abusive ways whilst enjoying `politically incorrect’ sexual fantasies. The assumption that fantasy leads to crimes of abuse is both highly contentious and inevitably seems to ‘criminalise’ sexual fantasy. Moreover, the argument that exposure to pornography causes men to act in a violent or abusive way towards women is surely undermined by even a casual look at human history and at the contemporary world.
Lydia Davis, Can't and Won't: Stories|She closed the distance between them and gave him a tentative hug. He was liberally cologned, with a scent that incited bewildering memories. She circled him, not knowing why. She had only met him a few weeks back, yet tonight, something about him triggered old memories, of a time, a person.	Maybe not.	What she did know, he lacked that special ingredient that moved her. Dull as ditch water. He was sufficiently polite, but that was about all she could say. –Michael Benzehabe, from the novel Unassimilated
Susan Squire|I think motherhood is the noblest task of all, because you cannot do it at your convenience, or tailor it to suit your preferences. You have to be ready to give up everything when you take on this task: your time, restful nights, your hobbies, your pursuit of physical fitness, any beauty you may have had, and all of the private little pleasures you might have counted as a right, from late dinners and long soaks in the tub to weekend excursions and cycling trips…I’m not saying you can’t have any of these things, but you have to be ready to let them all go if you’re going to have children and put them first.
Eric Van Lustbader, First Daughter|If you insist on reducing it to its basic elements, it's the sure and simple knowledge that there's something more out there, something greater than yourself, than mankind: a grand plan, a design that can't be comprehended by you or by any other human being, because it is numinous, it is God's design, something only He can fathom.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|Write with the door closed, rewrite with the door open.
Sylvia A. Earle|I am in love, and the river is beginning to ice over. I’d better go drown myself before I freeze to death. 
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Judas became the spokesman of all those who through the centuries would protest the ornamentation of the Christian cult and would feel that, when the best of gold and jewels were given to the God Who made them, there was some slight made to the poor - not because they were interested in the poor, but because they were envious of that wealth.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|What is the matter with you?""You want an alphabetical list?
H. Jackson Brown, Jr.|If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed.
James     Baldwin, The Fire Next Time|Try to imagine how you would feel if you woke up one morning to find the sun shining and all the stars aflame. You would be frightened because it is out of the order of nature. Any upheaval in the universe is terrifying because it so profoundly attacks one's sense of one's own reality. Well, the black man has functioned in the white man's world as a fixed star, as an immovable pillar: and as he moves out of his place, heaven and earth are shaken to their foundation.
Saint Basil|President Obama and his radical feminist enforcers have had it in for Catholic medical providers from the get-go. It's about time all people of faith fought back against this unprecedented encroachment on religious liberty. First, they came for the Catholics. Who's next?
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Selected Works: Essays, Poems, and Dispatches with Introduction|All human wisdom is contained in these two words: 'wait' and 'hope'".
Krystal Sutherland, A Semi-Definitive List of Worst Nightmares|She’d passed the fear barrier, and she’d lived, and she’d discovered not certain death, as she’d imagined, but impossible splendor. What other beautiful things had fear been hiding from her? What else had the curse long kept her from discovering? For the first time in a long time, she wanted to find out.
Paul Harris|I think there are profound differences between women and men. In intelligence and creativity, there is no difference, but in what one loves, what one likes, the passions - there are differences.
Joan Didion, Run River|When you get to the junction of choices, ponder!
Dani Shapiro, Slow Motion|In the seventies I used to work in the bedroom of my flat at a little table. I worked in longhand with a fountain pen. I'd type out a draft, mark up the typescript, type it out again. Once I paid a professional to type a final draft, but I felt I was missing things I would have changed if I had done it myself. In the mid-eighties I was a grateful convert to computers. Word processing is more intimate, more like thinking itself. In retrospect, the typewriter seems a gross mechanical obstruction. I like the provisional nature of unprinted material held in the computer's memory - like an unspoken thought. I like the way sentences or passages can be endlessly reworked, and the way this faithful machine remembers all your little jottings and messages to yourself. Until, of course, it sulks and crashes.
Jennifer Love Hewitt|I'd never put all my chips anywhere, because I don't want to close any doors, but I was raised in a very blue-collar family. I was raised by parents who said, 'If you don't go to work every day, you're not contributing', so that's my mentality. I have to work every day; I have to bring home a paycheck.
Mary Baker Eddy|There should be painless progression, attended by life and peace....Mortals will some day assert their freedom in the name of Almighty God....Dropping their present beliefs, they will recognize harmony and as the spiritual reality and discord as the material unreality. Chapter VII pp. 224 and 228 Science and Health with Key to the Scriptures
Witness Lee, An Autobiography Of A Person In Spirit|I believe the time has come for us as disciples of Christ to use these inspired tools appropriately and more effectively to testify of God the Eternal Father, His plan of happiness for His children, and His Son, Jesus Christ, as the Savior of the world; to proclaim the reality of the Restoration of the gospel in the latter days; and to accomplish the Lord’s work.
Terence McKenna|One of the newest figures to emerge on the world stage in recent years is the social entrepreneur. This is usually someone who burns with desire to make a positive social impact on the world, but believes that the best way of doing it is, as the saying goes, not by giving poor people a fish and feeding them for a day, but by teaching them to fish, in hopes of feeding them for a lifetime. I have come to know several social entrepreneurs in recent years, and most combine a business school brain with a social worker's heart. The triple convergence and the flattening of the world have been a godsend for them. Those who get it and are adapting to it have begun launching some very innovative projects.
Beta Metani' Marashi|THEY SAY "MOST RELATIONSHIPS FAIL DUE TO THE POVERTY." I COMPLETELY DISAGREE WITH THAT.I HAVE SEEN COUPLES WHO COME FROM FOREIGN COUNTRIES AND THEY STARTED THEIR LIFE FROM NOTHING, THEY DON'T EVEN SPOKE ENGLISH AND TODAY THEY LIVE BETTER LIFE THAN MANY COUPLES I KNOW WHO ARE BORN IN USA. I THING MOST RELATIONSHIPS FAIL DUE TO THE LACK OF MOTIVATION LACK OF COMMUNISCATION AND THEIR LIFE GOALS.
William Shakespeare|The ultimate paradox, of course, is that even though we're all going to die, we've all got to live in the meantime…
Rebecca Goldstein, Plato at the Googleplex: Why Philosophy Won't Go Away|It was then that we connected. His sound bounced through my head and out my eyes, painting my world with new shades of color. I still remember the smile that unnoticeably took my face as I inched for another touch.
Rudyard Kipling|Words are, of course, the most powerful drug used by mankind.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|It symbolizes a spear, and in this sorry world the symbol is the thing.
Søren Kierkegaard, Either/Or: A Fragment of Life|And allow me again to assure you that when you've got yourself going, doing your True Will, you won't find you have any time to get bored.
Y.K. Raikou|A heart filled with light will always be in the middle of darkness. But, once it shines more brightly, there's nothing to be afraid. You, are the one who will conquer it.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Respect is more valuable then the amount of times guys flirt with you.It's better to have one trustworthy real man then any amount of boys interested in you. The "cool" guys may not notice or date you but the right one will marry you.
Gore Vidal|In the beginning there was only a small amount of injustice abroad in the world, but everyone who came afterwards added their portion, always thinking it was very small and unimportant, and look where we have ended up today.
Tami Hoag, Dark Horse|We never know the quality of someone else's life, though we seldom resist the temptation to assume and pass judgement.
Virginia Alison|The closest I’d ever got to seeing a naked woman before was black and white cleavage, and then Rosie tossed her clothes in a corner just like they were getting in the way and spun around in the dim light of Number 16, palms up, luminous, laughing, almost close enough to touch. The thought still knocks the wind out of me. I was too young even to know what I wanted to do about her, I just knew nothing in the World, not the Mona Lisa walking through the Grand Canyon with the Holy Grail in one hand and a winning lotto ticket in the other, was ever going to be that beautiful.
bell hooks, Communion: The Female Search for Love|I think the truth is that finding ourselves brings more excitement and well-being than anything romance has to offer, and somewhere we know that.
L.J. Smith, Secret Vampire|While reading, we can leave our own consciousness, and pass over into the consciousness of another person, another age, another culture. "Passing over," a term used by the theologian John Dunne, describes the process through which reading enables us to try on, identify with, and ultimately enter for a brief time the wholly different perspective of another person's consciousness. When we pass over into how a knight thinks, how a slave feels, how a heroine behaves, and how an evildoer can regret or deny wrongdoing, we never come back quite the same; sometimes we're inspired, sometimes saddened, but we are always enriched. Through this exposure we learn both the commonality and the uniqueness of our own thoughts -- that we are individuals, but not alone.
Pope Francis, Evangelii Gaudium: The Joy of the Gospel|Good Person, Good Words and Good Action are independent, wisdom lies in recognizing each of this good irrespective of other one or two being not Good.
Amit Ray, Walking the Path of Compassion|In this vast cosmic orchestra, peace is the music of every heart. Our glory lies in understanding, listening and honoring that music.
Lisa Kleypas, Marrying Winterborne|Most of my money remains in England, although my unworthy carcass may not under usual circumstances ...
Rania Al Abdullah|Education reform doesn't come cheap. But the price of ignorance is far, far greater
Anne Rice|The Murder Burger is served right here.You need not wait at the gate of Heaven for unleavened death. You can be a goner on this very corner. Mayonnaise, onions, dominance of flesh. If you wish to eat it you must feed it. Yall come back soon." -- You bet.
Antonella Gambotto-Burke, Mama: Dispatches from the Frontline of Love|Anne looked at the white young mother with a certain awe that had never entered into her feelings for Diana before. Could this pale woman with the rapture in her eyes be the little black-curled, rosy-cheeked Diana she had played with in vanished schooldays? It gave her a queer desolate feeling that she herself somehow belonged only in those past years and had no business in the present at all.
Daniel Handler, Adverbs|He thought she knew what he meant, but the biggest mistake you can make is thinking they know what you mean.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|I told you once before that there were two times for making big money, one in the up-building of a country and the other in its destruction. Slow money on the up-building, fast money in the crack-up. Remember my words. Perhaps they may be of use to you some day. (Rhett Butler)
Sylvia Plath|The NFL is a performance-based business, so you should have to perform to earn some of your money. At the same time, I realize that my success isn't just because of what I do out there.
Kristin Chenoweth|Negative feelings are typical of learning, and you shouldn't feel like you're stupid when you're frustrated doing something. You might say to yourself, 'I can't do this,' but you should say, 'That's great.' That means you really have the potential to learn something there.
M.F. Moonzajer|In a fair fight, the don's man would almost certainly paint the walls with Locke and Calo's blood, so it stood to reason that this fight would have to be as unfair as possible.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|Easily he had turned studying my least favorite subject in history into my now most memorable one. Then there was his want to make our relationship more real than superficial, something very new to me. Though I was one relationship more knowledgeable than he was, it always felt like he knew more than I did of how relationships where built for the long run. Then again, he could have just learned that from watching his parents or maybe the innocence of our relationship just made him want to keep it pure and real. Like digging deep and wanting to get to know me, not just make out sessions every time we were together. Augusto knew more of the real me, the girl who wants to be a history teacher, enjoys her fries with garlic and cheese, and appreciates when a boy doesn’t complain when plans are made with my friends and he isn’t a part of them.
Erin Passons, The Nasty Women Project: Voices from the Resistance|America- often called the land of milk and honey- tends to be sweeter, more generous to those who don't rock the boat. Sarah Mullen
Amitav Ghosh, The Glass Palace|Even when one is no longer attached to things, it's still something to have been attached to them; because it was always for reasons which other people didn't grasp...' There are the places in memory you do not wish to go with others.
Alice Walker|Our aversion to lying is commonly a secret ambition to make what we say considerable, and have every word received with a religious respect.
Vanessa Vescera, Le parole di una Rosa|Perché era così difficile dire "mi mancherai" oppure "ti voglio bene"? Cosa c'era che non andava in queste frasi? Perché l'orgoglio mi terrorizzava a tal punto da congelarmi ogni parola sulla lingua? Avrei voluto essere più sfacciata e invece non riuscivo a dirgli cosa provavo, come se fosse una debolezza imperdonabile voler bene a qualcuno.
Rachel Caine, Glass Houses|He continued to see inevitable events from the past as avoidable, long after they'd taken their course.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Here is your most profound "why": to display and prove GOD
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart|You always get things that teach you and steps to grow, but there is a confidence that is gained and a deep understanding of what it means to be supported by your knowledge - not by some team that is there to create confidence; it is there within you. That takes time. That takes teachers. That takes taking risks.
Pyotr Kropotkin, The Conquest of Bread|Traditional journalism, where reporters deliver information in a balanced and unbiased fashion, is rapidly fading into obscurity. This is especially evident on television where high profile reporters become bigger than the story, delivering news with large dollops of personality and wit – almost as if they are actors.
Dada Bhagwan|If one man gets excessive maan (importance from others) higher than a certain point, he will get tired of it, and if he gets excessive insults higher than a certain point, he gets agitated.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Wherever wind visits, there it freshens the air; wherever wisdom visits, there it freshens the mind!
James     Baldwin|What the times demand, and in an unprecedented fashion, is that one be--not seem--outrageous, independent, anarchical. That one be thoroughly disciplined--as a means of being spontaneous. That one resist at whatever cost the fearful pressures placed on one to lie about one’s own experience. For in the same way that the writer scarcely ever had a more uneasy time, he has never been needed more.
Harald Welzer, Soldaten: On Fighting, Killing, and Dying|Unless the relationship of law to Christianity is re-established, there is no future except destruction for Western culture.
Alfred Hitchcock|God is good for everybody. The sun shines on good people and bad people, and it rains on both, too. God doesn't choose rain only for bad people.
Enya|I think Dutch people are very sober. I don't know if it's the right word. Like, you have the most famous person walk by some Dutch people, and they're like, 'Oh, hello.' And they maybe take a photo, but most of the time, they'll respect you and leave you alone. And if you go to some other countries they will literally mob you, go crazy.
Stieg Larsson, The Girl Who Kicked the Hornet's Nest|Love is winning the war without starting the war. (L'amour, c'est gagner la guerre - Sans commencer la guerre)
Justin Cronin, The Passage|The restraints were nothing, like paper. The rivets popped from the table and shot across the room. First his arms and then his legs. The room was dark but hid nothing from his eyes, because the darkness was part of him now. And inside him, far down, a great devouring hunger uncoiled itself. To eat the very world. To take it all inside him and be filled by it, made whole. To make the world eternal, as he was.
Christian Nestell Bovee|To persevere, trusting in what hopes he has, is courage in a man.
Frank Luntz|I don't understand why people whose entire lives or their corporate success depends on communication, and yet they are led on occasion by CEOs who cannot talk their way out of a paper bag and don't care to.
Max Muller|But Socialism, alone, can bring self-determination of their peoples.
Confucius, The Analects|If a craftsman wants to do good work, he must first sharpen his tools.
Mishi McCoy|You can choose to be pitiful or you can choose to be powerful, but you cannot at the same time, be both.
Russell Brand, My Booky Wook|The way is open, ride the wave of success again today. You can't lose.
Anthony Liccione|Is that not the Promethean fable, that the fire stolen from the gods will light men their way even while it burns their hands?
Thrity Umrigar, The Space Between Us|Outside everything was uncannily visible in the light of the full moon, but here in the dark shaded alleys the night was conscious of itself. ("The Moon Slave")
Steven Millhauser, Voices in the Night: Stories|Look, now, in the distance, a person, closer, it's two people, hand in hand, ankle deep in the froth. Sunrise in hair, blonde, green bikini, tall, shining. They kiss. Handsy things happening underneath hist trunks, her tongue. Who wouldn't envy such youth, who wouldn't grieve what has been lost in watching. They come up the dune, she pushing him backward, up. Study them from the balcony, holding your breath while the couple stops in a smooth bowl of sand, protected by the dunes. She pushes down his trunks, he takes off her bathing suit, top and bottom. Oh yes, you would return to your wife on hands and knees, crawl the distance of the eastern seaboard to feel her fingers once more in your hair. You are unworthy of her. Yes. No. Even as you think of flight, you're transfixed by the lovers, wouldn't dare move for fear of making them flap like birds into the blistered sky.They step into each other, and it's hard to tell where one begins and one ends. Hands in hair and warmth on warmth, into the sand her red knees raised, his body moving. It is time. Something odd happening though you are not ready for it. There is an overlap. You have seen this before, felt her breath on your nape, the heat of her beneath, and the cold damp of day on your back, the helpless overwhelm, a sense of crossing. The sex reaching it's culmination. Come. Lip bitten to blood and finish with a roar and birds shoot up and crumbles in the pink folds of an ear. Serrated coin of sun on water. Face turns skyward. Is this drizzle? It is. Sound of small sheers closing. Barely time to register the staggering beauty and here it is, the separation.
Glenn Hefley|The more I read, {the Bible] the more Paul sounds like a stroke victim, who never taught a thing that Jesus taught, and only quotes him once, in Acts, wrongly, and the 12 are constantly chastising him for his teachings.
Jalaluddin Rumi|I hate and love. And why, perhaps you’ll ask.I don’t know: but I feel, and I’m tormented.
A.D. Posey|In the equation of life, the limit does not exist.
Harriet Evans, Happily Ever After|Everyone's allowed to be in love with the wrong person at some point. In fact, it's a mistake not to be.
Nobody|loneliness doesn't kill you, but it becomes extremely different when you find it among the crowd.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Science rock: The pursuit of science, lead us to the beautiful places of the world.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Why Does Mirroring Work? Scientific research suggests ‘mirroring’ techniques works because of the mirror-neurons which are fired in our brains when we both perceive and take action. When we observe someone doing something, we may feel as if we are having the same experience.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Cursed Child - Parts One and Two|When I am old and addled I will make coronets like Cad, that have nothing to do with history, but represent the whimsy and cobwebs in my brain.
Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things|It wasn't what lay at the end of her road that frightened Ammu as much as the nature of the road itself. No milestones marked its progress. No trees grew along it. No dappled shadows shaded it. No mists rolled over it. No birds circled it. No twists, no turns or hairpin bends obscured even momentarily, her clear view of the end. This filled Ammu with an awful dread, because she was not the kind of woman who wanted her future told. She dreaded it too much. So if she were granted one small wish perhaps it would have been Not to Know, Not to know what each day had in store for her. Not to know where she might be, next month, next year. Ten years on. Not to know which way her road might turn and what lay beyond the bend.
Kimberly Brubaker Bradley, Jefferson's Sons|The issue is complex, but like many matters in Sudan, it is not as complex as Khartoum would want the west to believe.
Peter L. Berger|For blacks in our society, victimization may be a true issue. But it isn't a true issue for women. Neither men nor women are victimized. The true issue, that I try to point out, is that both sexes suffer restricted roles.
Jeanette Coron|Know your enemy, but don't give him all your energy.
Thomas Pynchon, Against the Day|The road to the new society had lengthened and become overgrown sadly since 1904. The working class in many thousands had been shown its errors in thinking, but persisted in them. Very well: the working class must have the rigours of capitalism, and if the rigours were harsh - it serves them right for not accepting socialism.
Deepak Chopra|There are many aspects to success; material wealth is only one component. ...But success also includes good health, energy and enthusiasm for life, fulfilling relationships, creative freedom, emotional and psychological stability, a sense of well-being, and peace of mind.
Lois McMaster Bujold, Cetaganda|Once you hold the hand of Death, the only thing in life that can scare you is a sense of humor.
Tiffany Luard|Focus forward, not around you.In the moment;Not behind you.Don't grimace in the whys, Reslish in the Yes's. Be Positive...When you amplify the goods, you'll see bads as infinitesimally minuscule.Glorify and Cleanse... first and foremost , YOUR perception. #levitate
Ruth McLeod-Kearns, Weeds|However, sexual anorexics do have a definite profile that separates them from the larger population of those having difficulty being sexual: They are often extremely competent people who are committed to doing things very well and have a fear of making mistakes and being human.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|It's easy to talk big, but the important thing is whether or not you clean up the shit.
Michelle Kwan|When I was younger, I'd go to the Museum of Television and Radio in New York and watch this beautiful clip of Billie Holiday playing with a bassist, a pianist and Gerry Mulligan, who was a friend of mine, on baritone sax. At one point, she looks over at Gerry, and they just smile. When those moments happen, it's just lovely.
Debasish Mridha|When hope is gone, life is done.Keep hope alive to have a happy life.
Thomm Quackenbush, Juvenile Justice: A Reference Handbook, 2nd Edition: A Reference Handbook|Love is like electricity sometimes; it may shock you anytime, yet you cannot live without it.
Chris Dee, World's Finest: Red Cape, Big City|Cats can be a very affectionate type of animal, but it's an affection you have to win. Pretty much the way you earn the affection of your friends and your lovers and your wives and your girlfriends and anybody else that's meaningful in your life,' says Des philosophically. 'There's a period of time where you don't know your positioning, and you work for it. And then all of a sudden, the relationship is established and it's yours, it belongs to you, it's something tangible. You can feel it, you can touch it.
George Saunders|The physical impact of taiko music, along with the sheer visual poetry of a choreographed ensemble presenting its music in perfect synchrony, is so powerful and inviting that taiko is beginning to catch on as Japan's most influential and lasting gift to world music.
Emily Matchar, Homeward Bound: Why Women are Embracing the New Domesticity|In the first place, it would efface from everybody’sconscience the distinction between justice and injustice.No society can exist unless the laws are respected to a cer-tain degree, but the safest way to make them respected isto make them respectable. When law and morality are incontradiction to each other, the citizen finds himself inthe cruel alternative of either losing his moral sense, or oflosing his respect for the law—two evils of equal magni-tude, between which it would be difficult to choose.
Plato|A poet, you see, is a light thing, and winged and holy, and cannot compose before he gets inspiration and loses control of his senses and his reason has deserted him.
Leviak B. Kelly, Religion: The Ultimate STD: Living a Spiritual Life without Dogmatics or Cultural Destruction|I hated discussing ideas with investors," he said, "because I then become a Defender of the Idea, and that influences your thought process." Once you became an idea's defender you had a harder time changing your mind about it.
A.E. Samaan|It is difficult for me to imagine what "personal liberty" is enjoyed by an unemployed person, who goes about hungry, and cannot find employment.Real liberty can exist only where exploitation has been abolished, where there is no oppression of some by others, where there is no unemployment and poverty, where a man is not haunted by the fear of being tomorrow deprived of work, of home and of bread. Only in such a society is real, and not paper, personal and every other liberty possible.
Kate Wilhelm, Where Late the Sweet Birds Sang|This new brand of mastery, of dominance that demanded she bare her soul, not just surrender her body, gave him a terrible power over her.
Mark Matousek, When You're Falling, Dive: Lessons in the Art of Living|Survival requires a dose of madness—what cynics call “hoping against hope”—just like art does; you conjure your future from white space, locate the hidden person, yourself, against this unfamiliar background, peering through grief and loss at something greater. “Survivors are more urgently rooted in life than most of us,” observed one Holocaust expert. “Their will to survive is one with the thrust of life itself, as stubborn as the upsurge of spring. A strange exultation fills [their] soul, a sense of being equal to the worst.
|The habit of upgrading your mind with self-development messages is highly important, if you desire to reach the pinnacle of your true destiny in life.
Lindy West|In a certain light, feminism is just the long, slow realization that the stuff you love hates you
Shan Sa, The Girl Who Played Go|I have been brought up in a world dominated by honor. I have known neither crime, poverty, nor betrayal, and here I taste hatred for the first time: it is sublime, like a thirst for justice and revenge."-the girl who played go
Alice Munro, Lives of Girls and Women|I had a lot of hatred, but I realized that kind of hate didn't do much. I had to start fueling myself with pride. We owe the ancestors that. So many of the souls who died in bondage just want us to recognize their struggle.
Kerrigan Byrne, The Scot Beds His Wife|Alison’s gaze gentled. “Tell me, Samantha, have you ever been to Scotland?
Sherry Turkle, Alone Together: Why We Expect More from Technology and Less from Each Other|To understand desire, one needs language and flesh.
John Greenleaf Whittier|Two sounds of autumn are unmistakable...the hurrying rustle of crisp leaves blown along the street...by a gusty wind, and the gabble of a flock of migrating geese.
Muhammad Yunus|I'd love to make a movie with Tom Hardy. If we ever got the chance to make a Venom movie together, that would be super-cool, but his movie would have to take place in the MCU because I'm not giving up my ticket in the MCU.
Lawrence Welk|Singing is my passion, my first love and the secret of my energy. Music to me is like finding my inner self, my soul. It gives me a great joy to see audiences enjoying with me. I have given my heart to singing. When I sing, I can feel romance in everything around me.
Suzy  Davies, Johari's Window|The piper never knew we were watchers.....Sounds echoed - sounds of a Scottish love song. They echoed through the silence, soft and melancholy, as he kept time with his foot, and the metal of the bagpipes glinted, through faint moonshine, and lifting fog
John Cornforth|The beauty of Judaism is that it demands we ask questions, especially of ourselves.
Cecily White, Conspiracy Boy|perhaps the answer is simply one:one female angel dancing alone in her stocking feet,a small jazz combo working in the background.She sways like a branch in the wind, her beautifuleyes closed, and the tall thin bassist leans overto glance at his watch because she has been dancingforever, and now it is very late, even for musicians.
Stormy Smith, Who She Was|In these few minutes, I was Beethoven's captive and I couldn't have been a more willing participant.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Most people can’t stand spending a few minutes by themself. Yet they expect others to spend an hour, a day, or, even a lifetime, with them.
Jan Kochanowski|Cieszy mię ten rym: „Polak mądr po szkodzie”;Lecz jeśli prawda i z tego nas zbodzie,Nową przypowieść Polak sobie kupi,Że i przed szkodą, i po szkodzie głupi.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|It will take faith, to know success can still be attained regardless of unfairness or disadvantages availed by any system you operate within.
William Penn|In all debates, let truth be thy aim, not victory, or an unjust interest.
Jack D. Zipes, Spells of Enchantment: The Wondrous Fairy Tales of Western Culture|She goes on with her beautiful hair and mouth like before,I go on like before, alone in the field.It’s like my head had been lowered,And if I think this, and raise my headAnd the golden sun dries the need to cry I can’t stop having.How vast the field and interior love... !I look, and I forget, like dryness where there was water and trees losing their leaves.
George Berkeley|Never lose sight of the fact that all human felicity lies in man's imagination, and that he cannot think to attain it unless he heeds all his caprices. The most fortunate of persons is he who has the most means to satisfy his vagaries.
Bhagavan Sri Ramana|When our mind appears, the world appears along with it. The appearanceof the world depends upon the appearance of our mind. But our mind cannotstand alone without a world. Whenever our mind appears, it does so byattaching itself to a physical body, which it mistakes to be itself. The bodywhich we mistake to be ourself is a part of the world, but due to ouridentification of that one particular body as ‘I’, we create an artificialdistinction between what we imagine to be ourself and what we imagine tobe other than ourself.This false distinction is created by our mind, but without it our mindcannot stand. Though the world is its own imaginary creation, our mindcannot imagine a world without simultaneously imagining itself to be aparticular body in that world.
Caitlín R. Kiernan|How did he close off that part of his brain that tells someone they've harmed another soul?...Most frighteningly of all, are some of us born with no conscience at all?
Elmore Leonard, Pagan Babies|This is not the time to be passive. This is the time to shape, sculpt, paint, participate… the time to get sweaty, to get dirty, to fall in love, to forgive, to forget, to hug, to kiss… this is the time to experience, participate and live your life as a verb.
Dan Ariely, Payoff: The Hidden Logic That Shapes Our Motivations|Another company came up with an even more brilliant idea --- that nobody could own their own cubicle -- designing the system such that those who showed up to work earliest in the morning could claim the ones closest to the windows. None of the cubicles had anything but a desk, a place to connect a computer, and a chair. No one could establish a sense of connection to their workspace. Ultimately, by setting the atmosphere this way, the company communicated to the employees that they are valued only for their direct productivity and that they are easily replaceable.
Molly Crabapple|The second, and I think this is the much more overt and I think it is the main cause, I have been increasingly demonstrating or trying to demonstrate that every possible stance a critic, a scholar, a teacher can take towards a poem is itself inevitably and necessarily poetic.
Alan Kay|We need to have an educational system that's able to embrace all sorts of minds, and where a student doesn't have to fit into a certain mold of learning.
Tom Robbins, Even Cowgirls Get the Blues|They accepted my donation, so they're aware they'd better serve my interests or I'll buy some leadership that will.
E. Nesbit, The Story of the Amulet|What does a guy say to that? What does an inexperienced guy say to a beautiful, smart, proper girl who's not supposed to say things like that?
Jonathan Safran Foer, Eating Animals|Animals, like us, are living souls. They are not things. They are not objects. Neither are they human. Yet they mourn. They love. They dance. They suffer. They know the peaks and chasms of being.
Robin Sacredfire|In our dreams, we find the dreams of others, and in other’s dreams we find ourselves. No will is separated from others and no dream is in itself isolated from the will of God.
Avis J. Williams|Remove whatever you no longer need in your life, to make room for what you do need in your life.
Ruth Reichl, Delicious!|A year earlier my parents had moved us out of the city to a split-level on Long Island, their idea of the American dream, which meant it as now an hour-and-a-half commute via the 7:06 Hicksville to Penn Station every morning. (Dark City Lights)
Lynda Barry, What It Is|Something can only become an illusion after disillusionment. Before that, it is something real.
Robert Brault|It is so easy to thank people," said Mma Ramotswe, passing the letter over to Mma Makutsi, "and most people don't bother to do it. They don't thank the person who does something for them. They just take it for granted.
Daniel C. Tomas|Life's just a bunch of accidents, connected by one perfect end.
J.C. Lillis, A&B|When I walk in the front door after a shift, Lucy, I want your mouth on mine before I even get my jacket off
Donna Lynn Hope|There appears to be a vast amount of confusion on this point, but I do not know many Negroes who are eager to be "accepted" by white people, still less to be loved by them; they, the blacks, simply don't wish to be beaten over the head by the whites every instant of our brief passage on this planet.
Pablo|It makes no sense to compare yourself with others because there will always be better & worse people than you out there. Each person has his own path to make. You are where you are now. Could you reach for the stars & have everything you want? realistically no. You may not win Olympic Gold in London 2012 , or be the CEO of a Fortune 500 company etc but you most definitely have the capacity to make YOUR life as the Masterpiece it could really be. The choice is yours...
Neil Gaiman, Anansi Boys|If we're going to impact our world in the name of Jesus, it will be because people like you and me took action in the power of the Spirit. Ever since the mission and ministry of Jesus, God has never stopped calling for a movement of "Little Jesuses" to follow him into the world and unleash the remarkable redemptive genius that lies in the very message we carry. Given the situation of the Church in the West, much will now depend on whether we are willing to break out of a stifling herd instinct and find God again in the context of the advancing kingdom of God.
Cita Stelzer, Dinner with Churchill: Policy-Making at the Dinner Table|I went down to Safeways, and I bought her a packet of best ground sirloin.
Patrick Ness|The answer is that it does not matter what you think, the monster said, because your mind will contradict itself a hundred times each day.
Agatha Christie, Lord Edgware Dies|If you care for money too much, it is only the money you see, everything else is in shadow.
Groucho Marx|Just give me a comfortable couch, a dog, a good book, and a woman. Then if you can get the dog to go somewhere and read the book, I might have a little fun.
Thomas Paine|That there are men in all countries who get their living by war, and by keeping up the quarrels of Nations is as shocking as it is true...
Max Porter, Grief is the Thing with Feathers|I remember being scared that something must, surely, go wrong, if we were this happy, her and me, in the early days, when our love was settling into the shape of our lives like cake mixture reaching the corners of the tin as it swells and bakes.
Julia Quinn, The Viscount Who Loved Me|Suddenly it was too hard to be in his presence, too painful to know that he would belong to someone else.
Narendra Modi|Feminism is, I hope, a way to a better future for everyone who inhabits this world. Feminism should not be something that needs a seductive marketing campaign. The idea of women moving through the world as freely as men should sell itself.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|Thanks to TV and for the convenience of TV, you can only be one of two kinds of human beings, either a liberal or a conservative.
Gayle Forman, If I Stay|If you are not different from others very distinctively, you are not different from others at all!
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Avonlea|Mrs. Allan's face was not the face of the girlbride whom the minister had brought to Avonlea five years before. It had lost some of its bloom and youthful curves, and there were fine, patient lines about eyes and mouth. A tiny grave in that very cemetery accounted for some of them; and some new ones had come during the recent illness, now happily over, of her little son. But Mrs. Allan's dimples were as sweet and sudden as ever, her eyes as clear and bright and true; and what her face lacked of girlish beauty was now more than atoned for in added tenderness and strength.
J.E.B. Spredemann, A Secret Encounter|God doesn't promise us an easy life. But He does promise to love us and never leave us, no matter what happens.
H.W.|Love is a funny word. We use it so much that we seem to forget its meaning. We say we love objects, seasons, times of day, movies, TV shows, and everything. And we use this same word to describe people. We say we love our parents, our friends, our family. It's one of the most used words in the English language, but it remains special. Love is different like that. You can use it to talk about anything, but when you find that one person that you know you want to spend the rest of your life with, love is completely new. And saying, "I love you" becomes the best sound you could ever say or hear. Love grows and changes with us, it is just as alive as those who use it. So love as much as you want! Because love will always find a way to be new.
Davin Turney|Recognize the light within you. That is the goodness. The unconditional love. The one that has protected you. Guided you to your highest calling. It is the stars in heaven, that remind us we are never alone. The night can never be so black, for every twinkle in the sky be that eye of the eternal blessing and for every beam off the moon tells you how soon the sun is off the horizon.
Anthony Horowitz, Magpie Murders|Much later that night, I thought the door opened and a man came into the bedroom. He was leaning on a stick. He didn't say anything but he stood there, looking sadly at Andreas and me, and as a shaft of moonlight came slanting in through the window, I recognized Atticus Pünd. I was asleep, of course, and dreaming, but I remember wondering how he had managed to enter my world before the thought occurred to me that maybe it was I who had entered his.
Kurt Vonnegut|To himself everyone is immortal; he may know that he is going to die, but he can never know that he is dead.
Rick Riordan, The Battle of the Labyrinth|But I've never even been to Olympus! Zeus is crazy!"Chiron and Grover glanced nervously at the sky. The clouds didn't seem to be parting around us, as Grover had promised. They were rolling straight over our valley, sealing us in like a coffin lid.Er, Percy ...?" Grover said. "We don't use the c-word to describe the Lord of the Sky.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Don’t dwell on the circumstances, focus on God’s grace.
Patricia Briggs, Wolfsbane|Wolf," she said. "Married is wonderful, married is lovely. But I loved you before that, and you were mine before that. Only you for me—only me for you. That's how it was before our marriage." The smile fell away and left her pale and determined. "That's how it was when I found you in that pit trap all those years ago—I knew as soon as I first saw your eyes. But then, I've known all my life what love is. It took you, who had nothing to compare it to, rather longer to figure out, to understand what is between us. But even when you did not understand or recognize it—it was always love.
Michael Crichton|I love photography, I love food, and I love traveling, and to put those three things together would just be the ultimate dream.
Kurt Busiek|I'm thinking, 'Man, there's this whole other group of people that are attached to me because of my last name and my family's roots.' That's pretty cool. That's special, that's a lot of power and it's important.
Eamon de Valera|The Death of Advertising? I think that's in the book of Revelation. It's the day when people everywhere become satisfied with their weight, their hair, their skin, their wardrobe, and their aroma.
Ana Rangel & Gerry O'malley|Death is an illusion. It is the way to rebirth or ascension. It is the point when you realise that you are the spark of the one life, and that you always have and always will have that divinity within you. It is not something to fear.
Christie Hefner|Look at growth, look at how much time people spend on the Net and look at the variety of things that they are doing. It's all really good, so I am actually encouraged by the fundamentals that underlie usage growth on the Net.
Jane Austen|A photograph may speak to the photographer's envy or disappointment just as much as it may reveal his anger or disapproval. And even if a photograph records a joyous occasion, behind it there may still be more than a small measure of heartbreak on the part of the photographer. A small measure of heartbreak? One might think such a thing is impossible--if your heart is broken, then surely it is broken completely. Yet the truth is that we can live with a minor fault-line in the heart--most of us do, in one way or another.
Joe Namath|Where I came from, sports were the only way to get out front.
Euginia Herlihy|Love is a place of rest, a place of comfort and a place of peace and enjoyment.
Beau North, Longbourn's Songbird|That night at Gertie's when she asked me if I preferred to be the one who loved slightly more or loved slightly less. More, I said. Not this time, she said in my ear. I am the one who will always love more. I didn't say, But I love without needing to own. Because I didn't know the difference then.
Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love|One passion leads to another. It's passion that makes the wheels of life turn, passion for work, passion for pleasure, passion for passion.
Michel Houellebecq, The Elementary Particles|And of the Witch? In the life of a Witch, there is no "after", in the "ever after" of a Witch there is no "happily"; in the story of a Witch, there is no afterword. Of that part that is beyond the life story, beyond the story of the life, there is-alas, or perhaps thank mercy-no telling. She was dead, dead, and gone, and all that was left of her was the carapace of her reputation for malice.
Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps|My wish has always been to write my own story, to create a life that’s worth writing about. But is a story worth anything at all if I have no one to tell it to?
Jon Kabat-Zinn|How can anyone love someone who is less than a full person, unless love itself is domination per se?
Sharon Salzberg|We fear that this moment will end, that we won't get what we need, that we will lose what we love, or that we will not be safe. Often, our biggest fear is the knowledge that one day our bodies will cease functioning. So even when we are surrounded by all the conditions for happiness, our joy is not complete.
Dalai Lama|There is no need for temples, no need forcomplicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophie is kindness.
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|There were things I wanted to tell him. But I knew they would hurt him. So I buried them, and let them hurt me.
James Patterson, Confessions of a Murder Suspect|And then it goes as with all anger attacks. They don’t just consist of one anger, but of many. A long series of angers, flung into a volcano in one’s breast until it erupts.
Roman Payne, The Wanderess|When no possessions keep us, when no countries contain us, and no time detains us, man becomes a heroic wanderer, and woman, a wanderess.
Truman Capote, Breakfast at Tiffany's|If you want to write a negative review, don't tickle me gently with your aesthetic displeasure about my work. Unleash the goddamn Kr
James     Baldwin, Nobody Knows My Name|We do not trust educated people and rarely, alas, produce them, for we do not trust the independence of mind which alone makes a genuine education possible.
Snoop Dogg|I arise full of eagerness and energy, knowing well what achievement lies ahead of me.
Goitsemang Mvula|It must be great to spend time in a spot and if you walk away, it’s so much better than before because of something you did.
Ma Jian|It's a tender and complicated dance, watching our parents age. We become protective in ways we never were before, and we study them with a mix of sadness and curiosity: Is this what we will be like when we are their age? We tell ourselves to be patient - just answer the same question again as if it wasn't answered a moment ago.
Michael Oakeshott, Rationalism in Politics and Other Essays|Those who read books cannot understand the teachings and, what's more, may even go astray. But those who try to observe the things going on in the mind, and always take that which is true in their own minds as their standard, never get muddled. They are able to comprehend suffering, and ultimately will understand Dharma. Then, they will understand the books they read.
Joshilyn Jackson, The Almost Sisters|You looked inhuman when you were dying, Doc, your eyes glistened like dimming stars, you were wasting away and life was leaving you piecemeal, your soul no longer fit your body, you hated it and I hated it and I couldn't recognize you and I couldn't see you and I was frightened and I never knew what to do, I looked for the man I love in you and I searched for who I used to be around you and I couldn't find either.
Barbara Pym, No Fond Return of Love|Girls are not only being denied access to scientific and adventurous toys, they're also presented with such a narrow range of options that domesticity and stereotypically "female" duties are shoved down their throats before they've even reached the age of five.
James     Baldwin|You are fettered," said Scrooge, trembling. "Tell me why?""I wear the chain I forged in life," replied the Ghost. "I made it link by link, and yard by yard; I girded it on of my own free will, and of my own free will I wore it.
Idries Shah, Special Illumination: The Sufi Use of Humor|The object of Sufi preparatory study, however, being to illustrate, expose and out-manoeuvre superficial ambition.
Ray Bradbury, The Illustrated Man|We haven't been too bad, have we?""No, nor enormously good. I suppose that's the trouble - we haven't been much of anything except us, while a big part of the world was busy being lots of awful things.
Christi Caldwell, Once a Wallflower, At Last His Love|Let me learn your interests and share them, tell me of your hopes and together we will attain them, and desire for nothing because as long as you're mine, if you should call forth the stars, I'll bring them down to you.
Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook|Grown children (an oxymoron, I realize) veer instinctively to extremes: the young scholar is much more a pedant than his older counterpart. And I, being young myself, took these pronouncements of Henry's very seriously. I doubt if Milton himself could have impressed me more.
Sue Townsend, The Woman Who Went to Bed for a Year|Nothing was true for long. In time, everything was deconstructed.
honeya|Hot, bright heat filled him like some ecstatic poison, and Hartan's pony shied in terror as a wordless howl burst from his throat. His dripping ears were flat to his skull, fire crackled in his brown eyes, his huge sword blurred in a whirring figure eight before him, and the brigand running at him gawked in sudden panic. The raider's feet skidded in mud as he tried to brake, but it was far too late. He was face-to-face with the worst nightmare of any Norfressan, a Horse Stealer hradani in the grip of the Rage, and a thunderbolt of steel split him from crown to navel.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Similar to a how a flower grows incrementally, people also blossom in stages. As we age, we expand our knowledge of how the world works and how other people respond to our deeds. We also expand our language skills in order to communicate both our thoughts and feelings.
Elfriede Jelinek, The Piano Teacher|Artist paint images unseen, musicians create sounds that emerge from silence, and authors write from a synthetic point of view about a world that can never exist.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Journey to the End of the Night|And where, I ask you, can a man escape to, when he hasn’t enough madness left inside him? The truth is an endless death agony. The truth is death. You have to choose: death or lies. I’ve never been able to kill myself.
Alexander McQueen|Fashion is life-enhancing and I think it's a lovely, generous thing to do for other people
Deyth Banger, Fakeness = Thoughts|Fake isn't the perfect choice one moment the person in front of you will just catch you... or you can't do that forever... and be a sick fuck to play with people's feeling.To be real, sometimes is the worst pain.
Chris Prentiss, Zen and the Art of Happiness|If you are surrounded by people who not only don't believe in your goals and your positive outlook on life, but who also continually try to tear you down, it will be extremely challenging for you to hold firmly in mind that you will succeed and that you can be happy.
Maud Hart Lovelace|After all, you couldn't go through life rolling your friendships into one gigantic snowball. You wanted different kinds of friendships, with different kinds of people.
Rebecca Solnit|When I was young, women were raped on the campus of a great university and the authorities responded by telling all the women students not to go out alone after dark or not to be out at all. Get in the house. (For women, confinement is always waiting to envelope you.) Some pranksters put up a poster announcing another remedy, that all men be excluded from campus after dark. It was an equally logical solution, but men were shocked at being asked to disappear, to lose their freedom to move and participate, all because of the violence of one men.
Andrea Zuvich, His Last Mistress|Whatever cosmic attraction had drawn [Jess & Addie] to one another in the first place was beginning to fill in with the chinks and mortar of very real, very likeable human traits.
Ngina Otiende, The Wedding Night: Embracing Sexual Intimacy as New Bride|What if, in the bigger scheme of things, God put the yearning and desire for our husbands, not so a man could fulfill all of it, but so we could catch a glimpse of what it means to fully and wholly yearn for God?
Gregory Figg|she was like the merlin in pursuit of its airborne quarry, perhaps the snow bunting or a small meadow pipit; the avian prey is nimble but so is the predatory merlin with its inexhaustible stamina and unparalleled agility – round and round it chases the pipit, and the two flying at speeds almost impossible for the observer to follow.
Carson McCullers, The Heart is a Lonely Hunter|In his face there came to be a brooding peace that is seen most often in the faces of the very sorrowful or the very wise. But still he wandered through the streets of the town, always silent and alone.
Beatrice Warde|If I fall now, I will die. But I don't think I will fall.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Most stupid Question Most of the time people askWhat is Important for you Love Or MoneyMy Answer :- Love inspire to Build Taj Mahal And Money Full fill the DreamLove Inspire you to give good life to your family and Money Do itFor survive Soul, you need love For survive Body,You need Money
Robin Sacredfire|Everything that you want in life, is possible. But the reflection in the mirror will always show who is reflecting. One can’t change the reflection without changing himself.
Shivam Singh|There is a trend going on in world these days for when people see they can't achieve something or reach somewhere, they start blaming their race, color or religion for it. They give examples or learn from those 99% who could't achieve something, ignoring those 1% who are already there regardless of their color, caste or religion. Only difference between these 99% and those 1% is, they were working hard, trying to break the myths and barriers when other 99% were just sitting at home in the comfort of their couches and crying for their failures, blaming it either on their race or color.Celebrating your races or religions and crying blaming it for your failure everyday, won't take anyone anywhere. Go out, move your feet and work.
Alfonso Colodrón|Blogging, writing conventional articles, and being science consultant and pocket protector ninja to various web portals and TV programs, quite often trying to promote the penicillin of hard data to people who had no interest in being cured of their ignorance.
Amish Tripathi, The Immortals of Meluha|If you want something from someone, you have to give that person something they want.
Shujoy Chowdhury|I'm not perfect, I'm beautifully imperfect
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|The difference between a positive attitude and a negative attitude can be measured by its level of energy, both inwardly and outwardly.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Life Together and Prayerbook of the Bible|It is not that God's help and presence must still be proved in our life; rather God's presence and help have been demonstrated for us in the life of Jesus Christ. It is in fact more important for us to know what God did to Israel, in God's Son Jesus Christ, than to discover what God intends for us today. The fact that Jesus Christ died is more important than the fact that I will die. And the fact that Jesus Christ was raised from the dead is the sole ground of my hope that I, too, will be raised on the day of judgment
Liane Moriarty, Big Little Lies|And maybe it was more than that.Maybe it was actually an unspoken instant agreement between the four women on the balcony: No woman should pay for the accidental death of this particular man. Maybe it was an involuntary, atavistic response to thousands of years of violence against women. Maybe it was for every rape, every brutal backhanded slap, every other Perry that had come before this one.
Pearl  Zhu, Unpuzzling Innovation: Mastering Innovation Management in a Structural Way|You can feel creative tension when you sense the freedom to be creative, the harmony not via compliance only, but through brainstorming.
Ira Levin, The Stepford Wives|That’s what she was, Joanna felt suddenly. That’s what they all were, all the Stepford wives: actresses in commercials, pleased with detergents and floor wax, with cleansers, shampoos, and deodorants. Pretty actresses, big in the bosom but small in the talent, playing housewives unconvincingly, too nicey-nice to be real.
Hal Duncan, Vellum|Hatred, as well as love, renders its votaries credulous.
Elizabeth Blackwell|One of my great laments is that education today seems to have... be less about passion and more about process, more about tactic or technique.
Neil M. Gunn|I fear I've become a "confirmed solitary" after all, despite everyone's best attempts at getting me more socialized. One becomes accustomed to one's solitude, and it begins to seem rather phony to try to reach out.
Axtell Ruth|If I turn mine eyes upon myself, I find myself a traitor with the rest;
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|All love is bittersweet. Love is inexplicable; it is part poetry and part masochism. Part of love is the loss of self-control because one must openly surrender their sense of an exclusive self to the manic powers of love. The personal act of surrender to a lover leaves one vulnerable to entanglement in a maze of emotions. When we fall in love, our lover’s happiness and well-being assumes the primary role in our mind, they become copilots of our souls. When we are in love for the first time, we feel what it means to become a complete person; we identify who we are by seeing our reflection in our lover’s eye; and we sense what we might become when infused with love. When our lover leaves us, we feel vexed and vacant because we recognize that they took up such a large part of what made us feel intoxicated with life. When our lover abandons us, we lose our sense of self; we temporarily cease to exist as a whole person, and we must reconstruct the shattered remnants of oneself in the wake of a love lost.
Chris Mentillo|I know having a job can sometimes be very challenging, but not having one can be too.
R.F. Georgy, Notes from the Cafe|They make only progress. Instead of revenge, self progress is more safe to downgrade others including enemy.
Alan W. Watts|We must abandon completely the notion of blaming the past for any kind of situation we're in and reverse our thinking and see that the past always flows back form the present. That now is the creative point of life. So you see its like the idea of forgiving somebody, you change the meaning of the past by doing that...Also watch the flow of music. The melody as its expressed is changed by notes that come later. Just as the meaning of a sentence...you wait till later to find out what the sentence means...The present is always changing the past.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Frontpage: Leadership Insights from 21 Martin Luther King Jr. Thoughts|Don’t always complain the way isn’t there. If you can’t find the way, create it.
Ray Bradbury|There is no friend like an old friend who has shared our morning days, no greeting like his welcome, no homage like his praise.
ShahenshahHK|Are you failing in sales? Are you not able to meet your targets on a regular basis? Do you easily get tired of trying? Do you want to be better than your team members? Don't worry! Try our magic potion: Add some drops of Focus (follow successful team members), some drops of listening (listen properly to customers), some drops of learning (be open to suggestions) & some drops of confidence, now mix it with a never-give-up approach, & finally garnish it with a pinch of confidence. Remember this potion works only if taken with a dose of belief.
Ruskin Bond, Rusty, the Boy from the Hills|To dwellers in a wood, almost every species of tree has its voice as well as its feature.
John William Heisman|While sports are indisputably a positive source of strength and self-development for girls, they can accomplish this only if the environment in which female athletes throw their javelins, kick their soccer balls, and swim their fast and furious laps is an environment that respects girls and takes them seriously as athletes.
Lydia Davis, Can't and Won't: Stories|Well, we all got to make a livin'.""Yeah," Tom said. "On'y I wisht they was some way to make her 'thout takin' her away from somebody else.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|The phytochemicals, antioxidants, and fiber- all of the healthful components of plant foods- originate in plants, not animals. If they are present, it is because the animal ate plants. And why should we go through an animal to get the benefits of the plants themselves? To consume unnecessary, unseemly, and unhealthy substances, such as saturated fat, animal protein, lactose, and dietary cholesterol, is to negate the benefits of the fiber, phytonutrients, vitamins, minerals, and antioxidants that are prevalent and inherent in plants.
Rachel Joyce, The Unlikely Pilgrimage of Harold Fry|The regrets about all she had let go flooded her. Where had all that enterprise gone? All that energy? Why had she never traveled? Or had more sex when she could? She had bleached and annihilated every waking moment of the last twenty years. Anything, rather than feel.
Stephenie Meyer, The Host|After sealing the door, Alqash went to the river to cleanse the blood from his hands and the dagger, and also to wash his hands of the faith that he had forfeited in exchange for short-lived riches.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Ruled Fairyland - For a Little While|I have all the books I could need, and what more could I need than books?
David Maine, Fallen|The West Indian is not exactly hostile to change, but he is not much inclined to believe in it. This comes from a piece of wisdom that his climate of eternal summer teaches him. It is that, under all the parade of human effort and noise, today is like yesterday, and tomorrow will be like today; that existence is a wheel of recurring patterns from which no one escapes; that all anybody does in this life is live for a while and then die for good, without finding out much; and that therefore the idea is to take things easy and enjoy the passing time under the sun. The white people charging hopefully around the islands these days in the noon glare, making deals, bulldozing airstrips, hammering up hotels, laying out marinas, opening new banks, night clubs, and gift shops, are to him merely a passing plague. They have come before and gone before.
Preeth Nambiar, The Voyage to Eternity|We refuse to turn off our computers, turn off our phones, log off Facebook, and just sit in silence, because in those moments we might actually have to face up to who we really are. We fear silence like it's an invisible monster, gnawing at us, ripping us open, and showing us our dissatisfaction. Silence is terrifying.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You have to fight great battles to guard your mind, extraordinary battles to protect your heart, and remarkable battles to defend your soul.
Jacqueline Bisset|It is a golden maxim to cultivate the garden for the nose, and the eyes will take care of themselves.
Jay Woodman|Can we just be grateful for beauty & joy, fascination & tolerance, humour & love, nature & grace, and simply release any anger and pains?
David McCullough, The Greater Journey: Americans in Paris|Those for whom things came easily usually made less of an effort, not more.
Mark Lawrence|Great sex and awesome food is what conquered the beast, not beauty. The key to happiness is to fuck like a porn star and cook like a five star chef.
Naomi Wolf|No matter what a woman's appearance may be, it will be used to undermine what she is saying and taken to individualize - as her personal problem - observations she makes about the beauty myth in society.
Charlotte Beers, I'd Rather Be in Charge: A Legendary Business Leader's Roadmap for Achieving Pride, Power, and Joy at Work|I don't even have a dog. I tell people I'm allergic so they won't think less of me. Instead I have a cat, the pet that ranks just above a throw pillow in terms of responsibility required.
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|What's your name?""What?" I asked, squinting at the light."Your name." I recognized Dr. Olendzki peering over me."You know my name.""I want you to tell me.""Rose. Rose Hathaway.""Do you know your birthday?""Of course I do. Why are you asking me such stupid things? Did you lose my records?"Dr. Olendzki gave an exasperated sigh and walked off.
Harry Truman|I never did give them hell. I just told the truth, and they thought it was hell.
Tagawa Shun'ei, Living Yogācāra: An Introduction to Consciousness-Only Buddhism|On the other hand, we can all call to mind the case of seeing the same thing many times over and over. Everyone has had the experience of having their impression of a particular object change depending upon their feelings or conditions at a given moment. This is because the object is seen under the influence of the mental state of that moment. Of course, at the time when we are looking at something, we are generally not aware of the way our feelings are being protected into the situation.Seen in this way, our so-called cognition, or the action of discerning the meaning of things as they are perceived by us, is never in any case a perception of the external world exactly as it is, but rather a world that can only be apprehended via its interface with our present mental state. In other words, it is nothing other than our own mind that constructs things and determines their content. This is the meaning of "consciousness-only," or "nothing but the transformations of consciousness." And, if we turn this around, we ourselves are nothing other than things that dwell in a world defined by the limits of that which is knowable by the functions of our own mind.
Lukasz Laniecki, You Have The Right Not To Make Your Parents Proud. A Book Of Quotes|Mistakes are part of life. And yet, for some reason, most parents in this world, wish their children made no mistakes at all, or as little as possible.
Christopher Paolini, Inheritance|Anger has its place, but it will not serve you here, the way of the warrior is the way of knowing. Of that knowledge requires you to use anger, then you use anger, but you cannot wrest forth knowledge by losing your temper.
Washington Irving, The Sketch Book|Some minds corrode and grow inactive under the loss of personal liberty; others grow morbid and irritable; but it is the nature of the poet to become tender and imaginitive in the loneliness of confinement. He banquets upon the honey of his own thoughts, and, like the captive bird, pours forth his soul in melody.
Debasish Mridha|To be strong, find strength within yourself.
Wesley T. Calaway, Defender|Because I was single, there was a chance I was a homosexual. Because I went to Syracuse, wherever that was, then I was probably a Communist. Or worse, a Liberal. Because I was from Memphis, I was a subversive intent on embarrassing Ford County.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|[A] book is not merely a book, it is the sun as well.
Felix Adler|If you desire information on some point of law, you are not likely to ponder over the ponderous tomes of legal writers in order to obtain the knowledge you seek, by your own unaided efforts.
Kazuo Ishiguro, The Remains of the Day|It is the lowered head that makes her seem less noble than, say, a horse, or a deer surprised in the woods. More exactly, it is her lowered head and neck. As she stands still, the top of her head is level with her back, or even a little lower, and so she seems to be hanging her head in discouragement, embarrassment, or shame. There is at least a suggestion of humility and dullness about her. But all these suggestions are false.
Rodney Stark|Because God is a rational being and the universe is his personal creation, it necessarily has a rational, lawful, stable structure, awaiting increased human comprehension. This is the key to many intellectual undertakings, among them, the rise of science. 
Edward Hirsch|If you had told me, though, when I was twenty-four that I would write about Skokie, Illinois, where I grew up, I would have said, ‘You’re out of your mind. Why would I have Skokie in a poem?’ But you become resigned. Your job is to write about the life you actually have.
Atle Selberg|The thing is, it's very dangerous to have a fixed idea. A person with a fixed idea will always find some way of convincing himself in the end that he is right
Michael Brent Jones, A Hole in Heaven's Gate|It is not you that is flawed or broken, it is the space in your heart yet to be filled, that has been given to guilt that takes away the strength you needed to overcome the trials ahead of you. That is not evil… it’s mortal. And the real us, is born in a shell of mortality like a bird, and just like that bird, once that shell is broken away, we will spread our wings and fly away, leaving far behind shards of triumphed and discarded insecurities.
Stephen Richards, Think Your way to Success: Let Your Dreams Run Free|Circumstances, knowledge or birth do not determine the realisation of your desires. It is only you who are blocking the achievement of your dreams and goals.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|If you are lonely when you are alone, you are in poor company.
Peter Watts, Echopraxia|I know, I know: it can be frustrating as hell. But people have an unfortunate habit of assuming they understand the reality just because they understood the analogy. You dumb down brain surgery enough for a preschooler to think he understands it, the little tyke’s liable to grab a microwave scalpel and start cutting when no one’s looking.
Erich Fromm|Where I grew up in Vermont, there is no municipal garbage removal. You have to bring your trash to the dump every weekend. Something like three hours on Saturday morning, the entire town goes in. It is actually a very efficient place to do politics. I would go to the garbage dump, get petitions signed, give out literature, talk to voters.
Denis Leary|We, as artists, we have the right to express ourselves. That is our first amendment, freedom of speech. But I also believe that we have an obligation to the youth to be somewhat responsible in what we say on records. But I think that comes with age. I think that comes with artists growing up and becoming assured of who they are as people.
Mary Renault, The Charioteer|It can be good to be given what you want; it can be better, in the end, never to have it proved to you that this is what you wanted
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|This life is not perfect, live it to the full, it's all we have
Suzette R. Hinton|I am a dreamer; Dreams are one's reflection, a coherent plan for action is the only spectacle to see the reality of my dreams.
|I love my life not because it is full of perfect experiences, but because I solely owe myself unconditional self-love in abundance. So what would be your excuse not to love your life unconditionally?
Selena Gómez|If there never was a night or day and memories could fade away, then we'd be nothing left but the dreams we made
Adam Brody|What's that line from TS Eliot? To arrive at the place where you started, but to know it for the first time. I'm able to write about a breakup from a different place. Same brokenness. Same rock-bottom. But a little more informed, now I'm older. Thank God for growing up.
Rihanna|The fastest way to succeed is to look as if you're playing by somebody else's rules, while quietly playing by your own.
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes Companion Journal|Every damn breath hurt like hell, but I kept Breathing too. I told myself it would be a privilege to breathe through pain like that for the rest of my life - just knowing each breath was a gift.
Ankala V Subbarao|We're doing it wrong, absolutely wrong! Miss Universe should be about Space Exploration, Miss World about Science and Miss Earth about Going Green!
Kristen Henderson|I wonder what became of you, your JohnnyRotten skin, no Emerald City eyes.You'd have been a beauty if you let inferiority steam your glasses with its candor, sans laughter.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Parent must set an example to their children in love, in deeds and in conduct.
Paul Theroux|I grew up in an era of thinking of travel as escape. The idea that you could conceivably have a new life, go somewhere, fall in love, have little children under the palm trees.
Michelle Paver|My greatest strength as a child, I realize now, was my imagination. While every other kid was reading and writing, I had seven whole hours a day to practice my imagination. When do you get that space in your life, ever?
Dada Bhagwan|Disturbing anything [situation] results in damage. To improve, you do not need to disturb anything that is natural and has turned bad. You need to make way out; you need to find a solution.
Pat Rodegast|It seems that life, in order to maintain itself, must revolt every so often against man's ceaseless attempts to master its irrational forces with his mind.
Rajasaraswathii, I Want to be a Millionaire|The common feature of most of the successful people is, their talent is flexible to suit the needs of time.
S.A. Tawks, Misadventurous|As long as you don't kill someone or seriously maim them, sure, it doesn't matter what anyone else thinks as long as you have a good time.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|So many people shall regret three great things tomorrow; things they did, things they did not do and things they were yet to do!
John Kremer|For the multifold secret to work only one thing is necessary. You must take action. You must give. You must share. You must act with abandon. Send out waves of love and kindness into the world and then simply wait for the response. Or, better yet, continue to send out more waves. Why wait? The response will come. Keep sending waves and enjoy the reaction.
Jeff Foxworthy|The problem with the designated driver program, it's not a desirable job, but if you ever get sucked into doing it, have fun with it. At the end of the night, drop them off at the wrong house.
Paulo Freire, Pedagogy of the Oppressed|The teacher is of course an artist, but being an artist does not mean that he or she can make the profile, can shape the students. What an educator does in teaching is to make it possible for the students to become themselves.
Walt Whitman, Selected Poems|But if I hope to understand in order to accept things - the act of surrender will never happen. I must take the plunge all at once, a plunge that includes comprehension and especially incomprehension. And who am I to dare to think? What I have to do is surrender. How is it done? I know however that only by walking do you know how to walk and - miracle - find yourself walking.
Jennifer DeLucy|It occurred to me that some people couldn't handle too much love. That everyone loves as they're able, but more, they are loved as they're able. Some are indomitable and open, like an ocean, but others aren't made to tread those waves, cannot stay afloat those waters. We embrace the kind of love we can manage. Less can be the right measure. But when it isn't, we must learn we cannot squeeze a mountain into a room with a glass ceiling. Or everything shatters.
Kevin Swanson|A common misconception of education comes when the definition of education narrows to the intellectual. The child is compartmentalized. He is not seen as a whole person, fully-integrated with physical, emotional, spiritual and intellectual capacities. Thus, if an educational program attempts to address the child's intellect while ignoring his spiritual and emotional development, the approach is sadly ignoring the true reality of the child. Likewise, those who separate the spiritual and emotional part of a child from the intellectual make a big mistake. You cannot delegate only the intellectual training of your child to professionals and retain just the spiritual and emotional for yourself. Whatever class is taught, the whole child is affected.
Raoul Vaneigem|Do-gooders are easily overlooked. We're supposed to be soft, touchy-feely types, who wear Birkenstocks, compost everything, and write poetry by candlelight.
Michael Bassey Johnson, The Infinity Sign|It is better to lock up your heart with a merciless padlock, than to fall in love with someone who doesn't know what they mean to you.
Dashama Konah Gordon, Journey to Joyful: Transform Your Life with Pranashama Yoga|When we are open, strong and fluid in our body, we are experiencing the best that life has to offer with very little limitation or constraints.
Boris Pasternak, Doctor Zhivago|The saddest thing of all was that their party represented a deviation from the conditions of the time. It was impossible to imagine that in the houses across the lane people were eating and drinking in the same way at such an hour. Beyond the window lay mute, dark, hungry Moscow. Her food stores were empty, and people had even forgotten to think of such things as game and vodka.And thus it turned out that the only true life is one that resembles the life around us and drowns in it without leaving a trace, that isolated happiness is not happiness, so that duck and alcohol, when they seem to be the only ones in town, are not alcohol and a duck at all.
Alexandra Kleeman, Intimations: Stories|There had been times when I thought I might be with you indefinitely, something approaching an entire life. But then when there was only a finite amount of time, a thing we could both see the limit of, I wasn't so sure.
Patricia Grasso, Seducing the Prince|There also wasn't one single bit of grass or dirt outside the airport. Even the median strip was a concrete sidewalk. Where did Atlanta's pet travelers pee? Maybe city dogs just learned to use the sidewalk. We kept walking. It looked like if we crossed the road that all the cars used to get onto the highway, we might come to a planted-up area, but we also might get killed. Finally, I just lifted Cannoli up and plopped her down on a great big ashtray built into the top of the trash barrel. "Good thing you're not a German shepherd," I said.
Donna Lynn Hope|While it is good to apologize and ask forgiveness from God, it’s just as important (perhaps more so) to extend it towards the person you wronged. Becoming a better person or trying to make amends with the universe only works when you start with the one you owe it to.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|No one is absolutely free from religion and philosophy, for the life we live is always under the influence of religion and philosophy!
Tim Fargo|It takes courage to violate expectations, but sometimes the reward is a new level of success.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|He set out for Toulon. He arrived there, after a journey of twenty-seven days, on a cart, with a chain on his neck. At Toulon he was clothed in the red cassock. All that had constituted his life, even to his name, was effaced; he was no longer even Jean Valjean; he was number 24,601.
Auliq Ice|It doesn't matter what you did, all what matters is what you want to do, when, where and how you are going to do it.
Luc de Clapiers de Vauvenargues|But at the same time, there must never be the least hesitation in giving up a position the moment it is shown to be untenable. It is not going too far to say that the greatness of a scientific investigator does not rest on the fact of his having never made a mistake, but rather on his readiness to admit that he has done so, whenever the contrary evidence is cogent enough.
Jordan Silver, Broken|You’re through running from that sh*t. I get it now, I don’t like it, but I get it. You still have unfinished business that’s why they’re always on your mind. I hope you’ll get to the point where you stop running and start fighting back.
John-Talmage Mathis, For the (Soon) Unemployed: You Against Them|Creativity and passion dwindle when hungry. Premiums for talent are easier to demand when desperation isn’t part of the equation. If I’m established, I can demand $350 an hour. If I’m desperate, I may accept $5.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Bed of Procrustes: Philosophical and Practical Aphorisms|I pound on the glass, screaming my head off. Everyone ignores me except for some Capitol attendant who appears behind me and offers me a beverage.
Elisabeth Hasselbeck|Being in 'Doctor Who' has been so amazing. I don't think I will ever have a job quite so fun ever again. I feel sad because I am going to leave, but with any story, it has to come to an end.
Amber Riley|No one is in control of your happiness but you; therefore, you have the power to change anything about yourself or your life that you want to change.
Johan Huizinga, The Waning of the Middle Ages|The shock which the Nazi horrors produced was so great, because they came after two hundred years of Roussellian propaganda about the goodness of human nature and also because the Germans were literate, clean, technologically progressive, hard working, “modern,” sober, “orderly,” and so forth. Yet about human nature we get more concrete and more pertinent information from the Bible than from statistics dealing with secondary education, the frequency of bathtubs or the mileage of superhighways.
Dennis Sharpe, Blood & Spirits|Amy! Sit correctly, you are wearing a dress...feet on the floor and your knees together girl...You are trying to catch a husband, not flies !
Caroline Kepnes, You|I'm the same way about the bookshop. You know, I walk around and I feel the whole world is in there, the most important stories of all time.
Lynsay Sands, Love Bites|Time is not the great teacher. Experience is. A man may live a whole life, but if he never leaves his home to experience that life, he dies knowing nothing. A mere child who has suffered and lived can be the wiser of the two.
Antonio Sabato, Jr.|Have you read 'The Grapes of Wrath?' That was my family. My dad was a sharecropper in western Oklahoma. When the dust storms came and everything got wiped out, they came to California. The guys with the mattresses on the tops of their cars in the movie? That was the way it was.
Steven Magee, Curing Electromagnetic Hypersensitivity|Like many people who became sick, I found that researching man-made radiation immersed me into a corporate world of lie, confuse and deny.
Anthony Storr, Solitude: A Return to the Self|The capacity to form attachments on equal terms is considered evidence of emotional maturity. It is the absence of this capacity which is pathological. Whether there may be other criteria of emotional maturity, like the capacity to be alone, is seldom taken into account.
Lorrie Moore|I nodded, trying to imagine the very particular sadness of a vanished childhood yogurt now found only in France. It was a very special sort of sadness, individual, and in its inability to induce sympathy, in its tuneless spark, it bypassed poetry and entered science.
Nicholas Stuart Gray|When a unicorn is slain, men have destroyed again the image of beauty that they seek.
C.S. Lewis|When I lay these questions before God I get no answer. But a rather special sort of 'No answer.' It is not the locked door. It is more like a silent, certainly not uncompassionate, gaze. As though He shook His head not in refusal but waiving the question. Like, 'Peace, child; you don't understand.
Rana Zahid Iqbal|All my life, my heart has yearned for a thing I cannot name.""Love is when you meet someone who tells you something new about yourself
Annie Ilonzeh|I had great relationship with the Hispanic - we had a lot of Hispanics in the school actually from different countries, Venezuela, from Brazil, and they all played soccer, and I was on the soccer team, and I developed great relationships with them.
Mervyn Peake, Weird Shadows From Beyond: An Anthology Of Strange Stories|The road was wet with rain, black and shiny like oilskin. The reflection of the street lamps wallowed like yellow jelly-fish. A bus was approaching - a bus to Piccadilly, a bus to the never-never land - a bus to death or glory.I found neither. I found something which haunts me still.The great bus swayed as it sped. The black street gleamed. Through the window a hundred faces fluttered by as though the leaves of a dark book were being flicked over. And I sat there, with a sixpenny ticket in my hand. What was I doing! Where was I going?("Same Time, Same Place")
Nina Obran, 7 Daily Habits for Singles Not to Be Single Anymore|If it feels nice, just throw the dice.
|As for the fear, you'll have to put up with that like the rest of us.
Henryk Sienkiewicz, In Desert and Wilderness|There, about a dozen times during the day, the wind drives over the sky the swollen clouds, which water the earth copiously, after which the sun shines brightly, as if freshly bathed, and floods with a golden luster the rocks, the river, the trees, and the entire jungle.
Audre Lorde, Our Dead Behind Us: Poems|Love of democracy can be likened to a mother's love for her son.It must be cherished,nurtured and protected for all of time
Gary Snyder, The Practice of the Wild: Essays|In Western Civilization, our elders are books.
Jose Mourinho|If I had unlimited funds, wall space and storage, I would collect a lot more things, like 'Planet of the Apes,' 'Star Wars,' science fiction stuff, autographs, and prop guns and weapons. I have to draw the line somewhere.
Anya Seton, Dragonwyck|Jeems was their body servant and, like the dogs, accompanied them everywhere. He had been their childhood playmate and had been given to the twins for their own on their tenth birthday.
Baali|Blue for everyone but it was not for freedom.Just like you, like me
N.M. Facile, Across The Hall|You can never replace someone you love like that. Eventually the memories won’t be so hard on you. With time, the memories will make you smile and you will be grateful for having them.
Periyar E.V. Ramasamy|Our thoughts of literary renaissance should always center themselves on the removal of superstition, meanness, indignity and ignorance.
Mystery, The Mystery Method: How to Get Beautiful Women Into Bed|Love: a hybrid emotion made up of various other emotions collaged by some weak individual's mind to try to quell a particular horror that's not been wiped out by more standardized symbols like Christ, etc. Nietzsche, right? Whatever.
Erin McCarthy, Jacked Up|How are you managing? And don't say you're fine."It's true. Whatever the opposite of fine is, that's what I am.
Nalini Singh, Caressed by Ice|You're walking funny," Lucy said, a shit-eating grin on her face. Five days of out of this world sex with a starving man could do that to a girl."You're just jealous." Brenna pushed through the door into DarkRiver's business HQ.Lucy made a mournful face. "Yes, I am. Goddamn but your man is hot. And he smiles at you! I've seen him do it, even if no one believes me.
Marlee Matlin|If my films make one more person miserable, I'll feel I have done my job.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|Presently, one after another, like shyly hopping sparrows, her friends arrived, black against the snow.
Roy L. Pickering Jr., Patches Of Grey|Mick had once come across one of Wilson't books and was surprised to see his face on the back cover. Mick was even more surprised when he read the book. It was pretty good, although Mick was kind of tired of hearing about Indians. Still, Mick thought, Aristotle Little Hawk was a good Indian, even if he was just some character in a book. He wished more Indians like Little Hawk hung out in the bar. He knew Wilson claimed he had some Indian blood, said so inside the book. But Mick did not buy that shit. Mick's great-grandmother was a little bit Indian, but that did not make him Indian. Besides, who the hell would want to be Indian when you could just as easily be white?
Noam Chomsky, Power and Terror: Post-9/11 Talks and Interviews|The role of capitalist ideology is not to make an explicit case for something in the way that propaganda does, but to conceal the fact that the operations of capital do not depend on any sort of subjectively assumed belief. It is impossible to conceive of fascism or Stalinism without propaganda - but capitalism can proceed perfectly well, in some ways better, without anyone making a case for it.
Lorna Schultz Nicholson, Fragile Bones: Harrison & Anna|Since the teachers weren't picking, I ended up with a boy with bad body odour. 'You should wear deodorant,' I said to him. 'And you should shut your trap,' he replied.
Kristin Cashore, Fire|And of course she understood now why her body wanted to run whenever he appeared. It was a correct instinct, for there was nothing to be got from this but sadness.
Kent Allen, Game of Edges|He who thinks he's the best is not the best... And the one who thinks "he who thinks he's the best is not the best" is also not the best.
Tony Buzan|But, if you observe children learning in their first few years of life, you can see that they can and do learn on their own - we leave them alone to crawl, walk, talk, and gain control over their bodies. It happens without much help from parents.
Pablo|Gratitude means to recognize the good in your life, be thankful for whatever you have, some people may not even have one of those things you consider precious to you (love, family, friends etc). Each day give thanks for the gift of life.You are blessed
Idries Shah, The Elephant in the Dark|And there are many people, both Moslem and Christian, who have a good grasp of each others0 conceptions of surrender to God an other principles. But the widespread existence of bias, misinformation and lack of knowledge (…) militate against the effectiveness of dialogue, (…) by the most subtle and one of the most effective of instruments, the subconscious, almost the subliminal, introduction of hostility.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the Master calls a butterfly.” —Richard David BachThe caterpillar believes it is dying because it's being sealed in a tomb. The Master knows that the caterpillar is not dying, and is simply transitioning (to something more). This points out that things are never over, that change is carrying us, (so often kicking and screaming), to higher states of being.I find it interesting that the caterpillar spends it's caterpillar existence crawling, (on a lone weed in the midst of an endless beautiful forest), surviving on bitter, poisonous leaves. Yet resists the changes to come.After the caterpillars "death"... And upon the butterflie's rebirth... The butterfly lives out it's butterfly existence experiencing all of the forest's wonders, being carried by the wind, landing on beauty, and drinking sweet nectar, all the while, being shielded from harm by the caterpillar's bitter and poisonous experiences of eating the weeds.Without the struggles of the caterpillar, the butterfly could never be.It is Truly wonderful how something as simple as caterpillars and butterflies can be such amazing reminders sent to us by a Loving Eternal Creator.
Sunday Adelaja|To get an effective product, you need to find your calling
Jason Versey, A Walk with Prudence|Recognize your failures when they happen but don’t dwell on them. Instead, focus on the successes you have had in your life. If you’ve done it once, you can do it again. Build on that. Letting thoughts of past failures creep into your mindset are nothing but dream killing distractions.
Cassandra Clare, Lady Midnight|Everyone’s worried about stopping terrorism. Well, there’s really an easy way: Stop participating in it.
Topsy Gift|Time is deceptive, it gives you an impression that its with you but passes away without your knowledge
|No matter how difficult you may think that your life is currently becoming, brighter days are always ahead waiting to embrace us, if we never dare to stop pressing forward.
Jane Yolen, Take Joy: A Writer's Guide to Loving the Craft|All stories are true, Astrea. By speaking them aloud, we bring them to life. Once words mingle with breath and sound, they become something new and alive.
Elizabeth Bourgeret|I don’t want to still be mad at them. But right now, I don’t know how not to be.
Thomas Pynchon, Bleeding Edge|As if somehow irony,” she recaps for Maxine, “as practiced by a giggling mincing fifth column, actually brought on the events of 11 September, by keeping the country insufficiently serious — weakening its grip on ‘reality.’ So all kinds of make-believe—forget the delusional state the country’s in already—must suffer as well. Everything has to be literal now.”“Yeah, the kids are even getting it at school.” Ms. Cheung, an English teacher who if Kugelblitz were a town would be the neighborhood scold, has announced that there shall be no more fictional reading assignments. Otis is terrified, Ziggy less so. Maxine will walk in on them watching Rugrats or reruns of Rocko’s Modern Life, and they holler by reflex, “Don’t tell Ms. Cheung!”“You notice,” Heidi continues, “how ‘reality’ programming is suddenly all over the cable, like dog shit? Of course, it’s so producers shouldn’t have to pay real actors scale. But wait! There’s more! Somebody needs this nation of starers believing they’re all wised up at last, hardened and hip to the human condition, freed from the fictions that led them so astray, as if paying attention to made-up lives was some form of evil drug abuse that the collapse of the towers cured by scaring everybody straight again.
Ellen Pompeo|His lordship may compel us to be equal upstairs, but there will never be equality in the servants hall.
Gregory of Nazianzus, On God and Christ, The Five Theological Orations and Two Letters to Cledonius: St. Gregory of Nazianzus|What the heart loves, the will chooses and the mind justifies.
Sarah Monette, The Virtu|Millions upon millions will attain your ceremony, but don't think all of them are in a ceremonius mood.
Theodore Volgoff, The Backpack|And thought about the female who, despite being human, he was beginning to see as a friend
Jesus Apolinaris|The most frightening blazing anger was alive in her now. It was not only Elizabeth that she could have killed but Ross. She could have thrown every piece of crockery at him, and knives and forks too. Indeed she could have attacked him knife in hand. Fundamentally there was nothing meek or mild about her. She was a fighter, and it showed now.
Patricia Briggs, Silence Fallen|It is bad enough to be unconverted and going to hell. It is even worse to say, “I know it and will not cry for mercy.
Ilona Andrews, On the Edge|I've never created a riot before. I did cause a brawl at the last formal. A large number of young women there actually arrived with the expectation of seducing me into matrimony, and a couple of their mothers came to blows. It was hilari—I mean, dreadful. Simply dreadful.
George Orwell, Shooting an Elephant|Solitude led to retrospective thinking, and if the past is what you are trying to get away from, then constant distractions in the present are needed.
Maya Banks, Shades of Gray|She loved her son and wanted him to make a fresh start here. Her ex-husband always tried to pass Aaron off as normal, not wanting anyone to know his son was different. She wasn’t going to go down that road.
Sherrod Brown|If America wants to retain its position as a global power, its president must listen to the people and show strong leadership at this turning point in human history.
Michael Treanor|If you ever expect life to be fair, you are in for a shocking disappointment. Life is what it is. Fair is something we made up.
Clark H. Pinnock, A Wideness in God's Mercy: The Finality of Jesus Christ in a World of Religions|...people who've been hit with the gospel respond naturally with radically changed lives and hearts. The church and the ministries of the church are gospel centered when they flow from hearts that are afire with wonder at the glory and grace of God, revealed in the person of Jesus.
W. H. Auden|No amount of debt restructuring, even debt forgiveness, will help the Greeks achieve real prosperity. What they need is not short-term relief but, rather, a long-term cure.
William Faulkner|Until one nation ceases its attempts to dominate another, there will never be true freedom. Until one religion relinquishes its quest to prove its god superior to that of another, there shall never be world peace. We will never truly prosper or experience lasting harmony, until we refrain from preaching the gospel of our own moral values and our personal preferences by forcing it upon others.
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|Then I thought, "No, I broke it myself. I broke it on purpose to pay myself back for being such a heel.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|...the opposite of every truth is just as true! That is to say, any truth can only be expressed and put into words when it is one-sided. Everything that can be thought with the mind and said with words is one-sided, it's all just the half of it, lacking completeness, roundness, or unity.
Sebastian Pole, Discovering the True You with Ayurveda: How to Nourish, Rejuvenate, and Transform Your Life|Possessing strength and stillness is a sign of balance: power and serenity combined in one moment. It’s challenging enough to hold either one, let alone both, in perfect equipoise, but that is the goal if we want to be balanced.
Kid Cudi|When you make a book or you make a movie, it is almost like hitting on somebody. It's not because you want to seduce people that you will seduce them; you can hit on somebody and it doesn't work. But when you hit on them and it works, then it's really cool.
Nikhil Sharda, Sans Destination|Number 1 is perhaps not the ideal. It is there for the one behind, the number 2. Mr 2 would learn a whole lot more being who he is than ever being Mr 1. Perhaps there is more to the phrase ‪#‎OddOneOut‬.
Loretta Chase, Lord of Scoundrels|You'll want all your strength for the wedding night." I cannot think why I should need strength," she said, ignoring a host of spine-tingling images rising in her mind's eye. "All I have to do is lie there." "Naked," he said grimly. "Truly?" She shot him a glance from under her lashes. "Well, if I must, I must, for you have the advantage of experience in these matters. Still, I do wish you'd told me sooner. I should not have put the modiste to so much trouble about the negligee." "The what?" "It was ghastly expensive," she said, "but the silk is as fine as gossamer, and the eyelet work about the neckline is exquisite. Aunt Louisa was horrified. She said only Cyprians wear such things, and it leaves nothing to the imagination." Jessica heard him suck in his breath, felt the muscular thigh tense against hers. "But if it were left to Aunt Louisa," she went on,"I should be covered from my chin to my toes in thick cotton ruffled with monstrosities with little bows and rosebuds. Which is absurd, when an evening gown reveals far more, not to mention--" "What color?" he asked. His low voice had roughened. "Wine red," she said, "With narrow black ribbons threaded through the neckline. Here." She traced a plunging U over her bosom. "And there's the loveliest openwork over my...well, here." She drew her finger over the curve of her breast a bare inch above the nipple. "And openwork on the right side of the skirt. From here" --she pointed to her hip--"down to the hem. And I bought---" "Jess." Her name was a strangled whisper. "--slippers to match," she continued." Black mules with--" "Jess." In one furious flurry of motion he threw down the reins and hauled her into his lap.
C. JoyBell C.|We are all surrounded with so much static energy, that it is actually crucial to develop the ability to remove that and to flow through the streams in life that we make— the ones that are not stagnant, the ones that are real, the energy that is flowing and that is real and that is actual. You can get so caught up with what your friends think about your photo on Facebook that you don't realize your loss of ability to actually feel what in fact was going on in that photo. Too often, we stop to smell the flowers in order to show someone that we have stopped to smell the flowers; without actually smelling anything with our noses! This is scary. We live in a scary world.
Shannon L. Alder|There is an excitement in creating a life, rather than maintaining a life you are not excited about living.
Linda Berdoll, Mr. Darcy Takes a Wife: Pride and Prejudice Continues|Because he has never forgiven himself any fault, he can forgive no one else's.
Bruce Wayne|But, as Bruce Wayne will attest...you have to spend money to make money.
Ness Kingsley, The Curse of Cackling Meadows|If someone begins to sing, do not maintain eye contact. The general advice given to fellow travellers is thus: leg it.
Lady Gaga|The loans I took out for my undergraduate degree were manageable. But my legal education was more expensive, and I paid for it almost entirely through public and private loans.
Rick Doblin, Manifesting Minds: A Review of Psychedelics in Science, Medicine, Sex, and Spirituality|If it were possible for a metaphysician to be a golfer, he might perhaps occasionally notice that his ball, instead of moving forward in a vertical plane (like the generality of projectiles, such as brickbats and cricket balls), skewed away gradually to the right. If he did notice it, his methods would naturally lead him to content himself with his caddies's remark-'ye heeled that yin,' or 'Ye jist sliced it.' ... But a scientific man is not to be put off with such flimsy verbiage as that. He must know more. What is 'Heeling', what is 'slicing', and why would either operation (if it could be thoroughly carried out) send a ball as if to cover point, thence to long slip, and finally behind back-stop? These, as Falstaff said, are 'questions to be asked.
Eric Frank Russell, . . . And Then There Were None|What doesthis F. — I.W. mean?”“Initial-slang,” informed Baines. “Made correctby common usage. It has become a worldwidemotto. You’ll see it all over the place if you haven’tnoticed it already.”“I have seen it here and there but attached no importanceto it and thought nothing more about it. Iremember now that it was inscribed in several placesincluding Seth’s and the fire depot.”“It was on the sides of that bus we couldn’tempty,” put in Gleed. “It didn’t mean anything tome.”“It means plenty,” said Jeff. “Freedom — IWon’t!”“That kills me,” Gleed responded. “I’m stonedead already. I’ve dropped in my tracks.” Hewatched Harrison thoughtfully pocketing the plaque.“A piece of abracadabra. What a weapon!”“Ignorance is bliss,” asserted Baines, strangelysure of himself. “Especially when you don’t knowthat what you’re playing with is the safety catch ofsomething that goes bang.”“All right,” challenged Gleed, taking him up onthat. “Tell us how it works.”“I won’t.” Baines’ grin reappeared. He seemed tobe highly satisfied about something.“That’s a fat lot of help.” Gleed felt let down, especiallyover that momentary hoped-for reward.“You brag and boast about a one-way weapon, tossacross a slip of stuff with three letters on it and thengo dumb. Any folly will do for braggarts and anybraggart can talk through the seat of his pants. Howabout backing up your talk?”“I won’t,” repeated Baines, his grin broader thanever. He gave the onlooking Harrison a fat, significantwink.It made something spark vividly within Harrison’smind. His jaw dropped, he dragged the plaque fromhis pocket and stared at it as if seeing it for the firsttime.“Give it back to me,” requested Baines, watchinghim.Replacing it in his pocket, Harrison said veryfirmly, “I won’t.”Baines chuckled. “Some people catch on quicker than others.
Brenda Sutton Rose|He wanted to stay there forever, letting her soothe him, pretending he was just a kid and his mom could make everything okay.
Nathaniel Branden|All positive interactions with other human beings involve, to some degree, the experience of visibility-- that is, the experience of being seen and understood.
T. S. Joyce|KATE: Everyone is effed up, Dalton. At some point, you just have to find someone to share the baggage with.---Dawson Fur Hire (Bears Fur Hire, Book 5)
Richard M. Nixon|At that time my virtue slumbered; my evil, kept awake by ambition, was alert and swift to seize the occasion.
George Bernard Shaw, Man and Superman|...Hell is the home of the unreal and of the seekers for happiness. It is the only refuge from heaven, which is, as I tell you, the home of the masters of reality, and from earth, which is the home of the slaves of reality. The earth is a nursery in which men and women play at being heroes and heroines, saints and sinners; but they are dragged down from their fool’s paradise by their bodies: hunger and cold and thirst, age and decay and disease, death above all, make them slaves of reality: thrice a day meals must be eaten and digested: thrice a century a new generation must be engendered: ages of faith, of romance, and of science are all driven at last to have but one prayer, “Make me a healthy animal.” But here you escape this tyranny of the flesh; for here you are not an animal at all: you are a ghost, an appearance, an illusion, a convention, deathless, ageless: in a word, bodiless. There are no social questions here, no political questions, no religious questions, best of all, perhaps, no sanitary questions. Here you call your appearance beauty, your emotions love, your sentiments heroism, your aspirations virtue, just as you did on earth; but here there are no hard facts to contradict you, no ironic contrast of your needs with your pretensions, no human comedy, nothing but a perpetual romance, a universal melodrama. As our German friend put it in his poem, “the poetically nonsensical here is good sense; and the Eternal Feminine draws us ever upward and on...
Jaeda DeWalt|Learning to navigate the unpredictable terrain of life is an essential skill to develop. We can't live a happy life if we are unwilling to pave the path that will lead to our personal fulfillment and destiny. Learning to sit comfortably in the seat of uncertainty is challenging, but equally rewarding, because discovery is what waits just underneath the surface of that uncertainty and that gives us the chance to become fearless explorers, of our own lives.
Jesustibab|He kept seeing the brains dribbling down the wallpaper. It wasn’t the killing that stayed on his mind, it was the spilled talent. A lifetime of honing and shaping torn apart in less than a second. All those stories, all those images, and what came out looked like so much oatmeal. What was the point?
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Steve did not have a death wish. He had the exact opposite. His appetite for life was so strong, it outweighed all fear. So what if his choices shortened his life? His choices filled his life, and enriched the lives of those around him.
M.F. Moonzajer|I'm not sure who invented dodgeball, but I can almost guarantee you that it wasn't the shortest kid in the class.
Michael Lee West, American Pie|I was tired of well-meaning folks, telling me it was time I got over being heartbroke. When somebody tells you that, a little bell ought to ding in your mind. Some people don't know grief from garlic grits. There's somethings a body ain't meant to get over. No I'm not suggesting you wallow in sorrow, or let it drag on; no I am just saying it never really goes away. (A death in the family) is like having a pile of rocks dumped in your front yard. Every day you walk out and see them rocks. They're sharp and ugly and heavy. You just learn to live around them the best way you can. Some people plant moss or ivy; some leave it be. Some folks take the rocks one by one, and build a wall.
Tertullian|Life has a higher end, than to be amused.
Sarah McLean|Meditation is an essential travel partner on your journey of personal transformation. Meditation connects you with your soul,and this connection gives you access to your intuition, your heartfelt desires, your integrity, and the inspiration to create a life you love.
Christina Cooke|The solution to entrapment in the narcissistic hothouse of self is to not relinquish autobiographical writing, but to expand the self by bringing one's curiosity to interface with more and more history and the present world.
Patricia V. Davis, Harlot's Sauce: A Memoir of Food, Family, Love, Loss, and Greece|Chris enjoys spending quality time while cooking, wine tasting, attending opera, playing golf, and practicing martial arts – JiuJitsu.
Sara Dardikh, Baci nell'ombra|Amo stare da sola : io, i miei libri e i miei pennelli, lontana dal resto della gente che trovo sempre inutile.
Cassandra Clare, What to Buy the Shadowhunter Who Has Everything|Magnus deeply disliked people who were early to business meetings. It was just as bad as being late, since it put everyone out, and even worse, people who were early always acted terribly superior about their bad timekeeping skills. They acted as though it were morally more righteous to get up early than to stay up late, even if you got the same amount of work done in the exact same amount of time. Magnus found it to be one of the great injustices of life.
