Rob Lowe|In January 1962, when I was the author of one and a half unperformed plays, I attended a student production of 'The Birthday Party' at the Victoria Rooms in Bristol. Just before it began, I realised that Harold Pinter was sitting in front of me.
Kenya Wright, 420|And with her hair, so red, she’d caught my eye... My little red riding hood.
James Russell Lowell|The essence of humanity's spiritual dilemma is that we evolved genetically to accept one truth and discovered another. Is there a way to erase the dilemma, to resolve the contradictions between the transcendentalist and the empiricist world views?
Kamal Ravikant, Live Your Truth|There is one rule, though: once you discover your truth, you have to go all in. Fully. Every single chip.
Becky G|Use your imagination, and you'll see that even the most narrow, humdrum lives are infinite in scope if you examine them with enough care.
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|I don't see what's so triffic about creating people as people and then gettin' upset cos' they act like people", said Adam severely. "Anyway, if you stopped tellin' people it's all sorted out after they're dead, they might try sorting it all out while they're alive.
Belsebuub, Self-Knowledge for Spiritual Awakening|Low states are a like a poison to the psyche. Millions of people throughout the world take tranquillizers each day to combat depression, but this does not tackle its root cause, which is found in the basic state of the internal energies of the psyche.Basically the energy of the psyche needs to change, from low states to spiritual ones. It requires inner observation, the destruction of the egos, and alchemical transformation.
McKenzie Bodkin, The Water Mage's Daughter: A Novel of Love, Magic and War in Verse|When you Dream, let your Dream be compelling enough to pull you towards its realization
Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version|The modern world, which denies personal guilt and admits only social crimes, which has no place for personal repentance but only public reforms, has divorced Christ from His Cross; the Bridegroom and Bride have been pulled apart. What God hath joined together, men have torn asunder. As a result, to the left is the Cross; to the right is Christ. Each has awaited new partners who will pick them up in a kind of second and adulterous union. Communism comes along and picks up the meaningless Cross; Western post-Christian civilization chooses the unscarred Christ.Communism has chosen the Cross in the sense that it has brought back to an egotistic world a sense of discipline, self-abnegation, surrender, hard work, study, and dedication to supra-individual goals. But the Cross without Christ is sacrifice without love. Hence, Communism has produced a society that is authoritarian, cruel, oppressive of human freedom, filled with concentration camps, firing squads, and brain-washings.The Western post-Christian civilization has picked up the Christ without His Cross. But a Christ without a sacrifice that reconciles the world to God is a cheap, feminized, colourless, itinerant preacher who deserves to be popular for His great Sermon on the Mount, but also merits unpopularity for what He said about His Divinity on the one hand, and divorce, judgment, and hell on the other. This sentimental Christ is patched together with a thousand commonplaces, sustained sometimes by academic etymologists who cannot see the Word for the letters, or distorted beyond personal recognition by a dogmatic principle that anything which is Divine must necessarily be a myth. Without His Cross, He becomes nothing more than a sultry precursor of democracy or a humanitarian who taught brotherhood without tears.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|Thristan looked at her with a bewildered look on his face. "You think to bind me as the new race will be bound?" he asked solemnly. Sorvus smiled. "I do not think to bind you, my friend; I think to free you.
Debasish Mridha|Abundance is not defined by possessions, but it is defined by inner perceptions.
Damon Knight, One Side Laughing: Stories Unlike Other Stories|We're all put to the test... but it never comes in the form or at the point we would prefer, does it?
Alan Huffman|Architecture has joined the world of fashion, but fashion is passing and architecture is timeless.
Karen A. Baquiran|Our children will one day lead the world, but it is our responsibility to show them that this world can be a beautiful one.
Toni Sorenson|I do not know the answers to life's hard questions, but I do know the One who knows them and that's sufficient...for now.
John Keats|Poetry should be great and unobtrusive, a thing which enters into one's soul, and does not startle it or amaze it with itself, but with its subject.
Anthony Robbins|I believe life is constantly testing us for our level of commitment, and life's greatest rewards are reserved for those who demonstrate a never-ending commitment to act until they achieve. This level of resolve can move mountains, but it must be constant and consistent. As simplistic as this may sound, it is still the common denominator separating those who live their dreams from those who live in regret.
Chris Kyle|I enjoy being busy, I really do. Remember, I'm the stub end of the railroad. I have no family, so I'm not taking busy time away from people that I should be spending it with. So I'm just relaxing and enjoying it.
George W. Bush|During the era when women were burning their bras - which, by the way, they never actually did - but when women were first becoming liberated, I was 23. And I met a woman who asked, 'Don't you feel bad because you're sort of acting like the stupid airhead blonde?' And I totally surprised myself. I said, 'Liberation can also come from the inside.'
Ingmar Bergman|Here, in my solitude, I have the feeling that I contain too much humanity.
Aldrin Mathew, TIME TRAVEL EXPERIENCES: In a Sense, we all are Time Travelers! We are surviving each and every Active Time-Point in this Timeline.......|In a Sense, we all are Time Travelers! We are Surviving each and every Active Time-Point in this Timeline.......
Alin Sav|There is no "the secret", you are just too lazy.
Garth Brooks|Happiness comes of the capacity to feel deeply, to enjoy simply, to think freely, to risk life, to be needed.
Michael Bloomberg|It is exactly because we are a city that embraces freedom, that welcomes everyone and encourages their dreams, that New York remains on the front lines in the war on terror.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Self-questioning is bound to arise at the outset of any worthy quest attempting to gain self-knowledge, and this disconcerting sense of uneasiness will continue to surface akin to a petulant sea serpent until a person undertaking a vision quest either discovers a safe haven or perceptively changes the trajectory of their destructive life.
Anthony Doerr, Memory Wall|Every hour, Robert thinks, all over the globe, an infinite number of memories disappear, whole glowing atlases dragged into graves. But during that same hour children are moving about, surveying territory that seems to them entirely new. They push back the darkness; they scatter memories behind them like bread crumbs. The world is remade.
Heather Killough-Walden, Avenger's Angel|I viewed my fellow man not as a fallen angel, but as a risen ape.
Max Scheler|Man is encased, as though in a shell, in the particular ranking of the simplest values and value-qualities which represent the objective side of his *ordo amoris*, values which have not yet been shaped into things and goods. He carries this shell along with him wherever he goes and cannot escape from it no matter how quickly he runs. He perceives the world and himself through the windows of this shell, and perceives no more of the world, of himself, or of anything else besides what these windows show him, in accordance with their position, size, and color. The structure and total content of each man's environment, which is ultimately organized according to its value structure, does not wander or change, even though he himself wanders further and further in space. It is simply filled out anew with certain individual things. However, even this fulfillment must obey the law of formation prescribed by the value structure of the milieu. The goods along the route of a man's life, the practical things, the resistances to willing and acting against which he sets his will, are from the very first always inspected and "sighted," as it were, by the particular selective mechanism of his *ordo amoris*. Wherever he arrives, it is not the same men and the same things, but the same types of men and things (and this are in every case *types* of values), that attract or repulse him in accordance with certain constant rules of preference and rejection. What he actually notices, what he observes or leaves unnoticed and unobserved, is determined by this attraction and this repulsion; these already determine the material of *possible* noticing and observing. Moreover, the attraction and repulsion are felt to come from things, not from the self, in contrast to the case of so-called active attention, and are themselves governed and circumscribed by potentially effective attitudes of interest and love, experienced as readiness for being affected." —from_Ordo Amoris_
Osho, Ancient Music in the Pines: In Zen Mind Suddenly Stops|He grinned back at me, and I remembered how normal he’d made me feel the first time we’d met. Here, once again, he wasn’t bothered by my silence. And I suddenly realized what made me feel so uncomfortable about Elizabeth’s exploits. The people she attracted were drawn to the same thing everyone else was: our glowing skin, dreamy eyes, and air of secrecy. But this boy? He seemed to see more than that. He saw me not just as a mysterious beauty, but as a girl he wanted to know.He didn’t stare at me. He spoke to me.
Helen Keller|You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, 'I lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along.'
Fasela Oosterwolde|Carmack was of the moment. His ruling force was focus. Time existed for him not in some promising future or sentimental past but in the present condition, the intricate web ol problems and solutions, imagination and code. He kept nothing from the past–no pictures, no records, no games, no computer disks. He didn’t even save copies of his first games, Wraith and Shadowforge. There was no yearbook to remind of his time at Shadowforge. There was no yearbook to remind of his time at school, no magazine copies of his early publications. He kept nothing but what he needed at the time. His bedroom consisted of a lamp, a pillow, a blanket, and a stack of books. There was no mattress. All he brought with him from home was a cat named Mitzi (a gift from his stepfamily) with a mean streak and a reckless bladder.
Patrick Rothfuss|It’s like this: if you have one piece of cake, and you eat it, that’s fine.If you have two pieces of cake, you should probably share some with a friend. But maybe not. Occasionally we could all use two pieces of cake.But if you have a whole cake, and you eat *all* of it, that’s not very cool. It’s not just selfish, it’s kinda sick and unhealthy.
Laurie Frankel, This is How It Always Is|One day ask your daughter the kind of mother she wants to be! One day ask your son the kind of father he wants to be! One day ask yourself the kind of parent you have been! And one day, ask yourself how you have run the race of life through the good and the bad times with the baton of life in your hands!
Mitta Xinindlu|Going against the storm requires strength, energy and a will to succeed.
Troy Hicks|Does doing something old with new technology mean that I’m teaching with technology and that I’m doing so in a way as to really improve the reading and writing skills of the students in my classroom?” (2007, 214). Her answer, as well as mine, would be no. When we simply bring a traditional mind-set to literacy practices, and not a mind-set that understands new literacies (an idea developed by Colin Lankshear and Michele Knobel, which I elaborate on later) into the process of digital writing, we cannot make the substantive changes to our teaching that need to happen in order to embrace the...
Alan Watts|Faith is the great cop-out, the great excuse to evade the need to think and evaluate evidence. Faith is belief in spite of, even perhaps because of, the lack of evidence.
Cassandra Clare, The Whitechapel Fiend|Will stopped glaring at Gabriel, and turned to Tessa. He looked at her and his face softened: the traces of the wild, broken boy he had been vanished, replaced with the expression often worn by the man he was now, who knew what it was to love and be loved. “Dear heart,” he said. He took her hand and kissed it. “Who knows your courage better than I?
Adam Nevill, The Ritual|It had not hurt his hands at all and the sudden release of energy, twinned with Dom's fall, gave him a sudden lunatic rush of euphoria.
Graham Moore, The Last Days of Night|I wish we taught the modern generation the true meaning of "love" and the human race. The love for all people regardless of their religion, race, culture or Political beliefs.The love of justice in the face of injustice.The love of wisdom in the face of ignorance, the love of country in the midst of unpatriotic beings and the love of self in the face of wanna be's.I wish we showed them that racism is not something that "Human Beings" should accept or brand. I hope we teach them that character matters more than race. I wish we taught them that "Islam" is not the biggest problem that America faces and vengeance, itself, is harm!In this time of divides, we have seen what the media can do. It has the power to uplift and break a candidate. In this uncertain times, we must be courageous as Americans and stand for what's right, not what the media think is.In this time, President Obama, Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders or Donald J. Trump will not and can not change this country. It will take you, as an American to liberate your minds from "HATE", racial divides, injustice, and discrimination. It will take you as an American to rethink Islam, Health Care issues, Free Education for all, Unemployment, Environment and Climate Change, Obesity, Foreign Relations, Illegal Immigration, Equality Between Men and Women, and Individual Liberty vs. Government Control#Movebeyonddisparities.
Charles Dickens|The carrier's horse was the laziest horse in the world, I should hope, and shuffled along, with his head down, as if he liked to keep people waiting to whom the packages were directed. I fancied, indeed, that he sometimes chuckled audibly over this reflection, but the carrier said he was only troubled with a cough." -Chapter 3
Roger Zelazny, Power & Light|Then you must reconcile yourself to the fact that something is always hurt by any change. If you do this, you will not be hurt yourself.
Emm Roy, The First Step|Mental illness People assume you aren’t sick unless they see the sickness on your skin like scars forming a map of all the ways you’re hurting. My heart is a prison of Have you tried?s Have you tried exercising? Have you tried eating better? Have you tried not being sad, not being sick? Have you tried being more like me? Have you tried shutting up? Yes, I have tried. Yes, I am still trying, and yes, I am still sick. Sometimes monsters are invisible, and sometimes demons attack you from the inside. Just because you cannot see the claws and the teeth does not mean they aren’t ripping through me. Pain does not need to be seen to be felt. Telling me there is no problem won’t solve the problem. This is not how miracles are born. This is not how sickness works.
Rainbow Rowell, Carry On|Welcome to Morganville.You'll never want to leave.And even if you do...well, you can't. Sorry about that.
Robert Penn Warren, All the King's Men|All nature has come to expect from God a sense of orderliness. Whatever God does carries with it His fingerprint. And in the world around us His fingerprint of orderliness is evident to anybody who is honest with the facts. If you look at nature, you will discover a mathematical exactness. Without this precision, the entire world would be in utter confusion. One plus one always equals two no matter what part of the universe you happen to be in. And the laws of nature operate in beautiful harmony, a harmony that is ordered by God Himself.
Brandon Villasenor, I Can't Stop Drinking About You|One of the reasons I grew my hair long last year was that I like how my bangs cover my eyes: it helps me block out the things I don't want to see."-August thinking
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Faith keeps our ships moving, while empathy and the memories of our experiences guide us to wisdom.
Phil Knight, Shoe Dog: A Memoir by the Creator of NIKE|He was easy to talk to, and easy not to talk to—equally important qualities in a friend.
Cindy Gerard, Into the Dark|Here's the deal. I get to marry you. You get to become a Garrett - although, considering what you're marrying into, I'm not certain that's much of an incentive."Dallas to Amy
Brandi L. Bates, Quirk|David’s mouth dripped open slowly. He stood with his heels dug into my carpet, a dashed hope, a broken dream. No amount of money could top the priceless look that gathered on his face like an unmade bed. His eyebrows crumpled and furrowed like disheveled sheets. His lips curled into an acidic smirk. Confusion and shock collided in the cornea of his dilated pupils. He was a B.B. King song, personified. His entire body sang the blues.
William Makepeace Thackeray, Vanity Fair|I know that no matter how lonely I get, I'll never be truly alone again. Our loved ones don't leave us. They just move out of sight for a while, and wait...in the shades.
Robert M. Gates|I am a Republican, a black, dyed in the wool Republican, and I never intend to belong to any other party than the party of freedom and progress.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|After deciding the territory you want to rule over, the next thing you must do is to invest your time into developing yourself and becoming the best in that territory.
Siddhartha Mukherjee, The Gene: An Intimate History|If we define "beauty" as having blue eyes (and only blue eyes), then we will, indeed, find a "gene for beauty." If we define "intelligence" as the performance on only one kind of test, then we will, indeed, find a "gene for intelligence." The genome is only a mirror for the breadth or narrowness of human imagination.
Conn Iggulden, Khan: Empire of Silver|For the khan, we will take their cities, their women, and their lands. This is the great raid, the farthest strike in the history of the nation of Genghis. We will not be stopped.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Because You Deserve Love|When you go through a breakup, it feels likesomeone died. And the truth is that someone has died – the relationship.
Elif Shafak, Honor|As my father used to say: “There are two sure ways to lose a friend, one is to borrow, the other to lend.” - Kvothe the Bloodless (The Name of The Wind)
Immaculée Ilibagiza, Left to Tell: Discovering God Amidst the Rwandan Holocaust|Instead of negotiating or begging for mercy, [my brother Damascene] challenged them to kill him. "Go ahead," he said. "What are you waiting for? Today is my day to go to God. I can feel Him all around us. He is watching, waiting to take me home. Go ahead--finish your work and send me to paradise. I pity you for killing people like it's some kind of child's game. Murder is no game: If you offend God, you will pay for your fun. The blood of the innocent people you cut down will follow you to your reckoning. But I am praying for you. . . I pray that you see the evil you're doing and ask God's forgiveness before it's too late.
Tom Hanks|If you can't be in awe of Mother Nature, there's something wrong with you.
Aysha Taryam|Societies have a peculiar way of relating, or more accurately non-relating, to rape maybe because it is so vicious, they choose to live in denial about it.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If you bow your knees more often in prayer, you will feel the presence of God.
Elizabeth Duivenvoorde|Well, I don't know, Lina. But let's just say I've met a lot of dead people.
Gretel Ehrlich, The Solace of Open Spaces|The truest art I would strive for in any work would be to give the page the same qualities as earth: weather would land on it harshly, light would elucidate the most difficult truths; wind would sweep away obtuse padding. Finally, the lessons of impermanence taught me this: loss constitutes an odd kind of fullness; despair empties out into an unquenchable appetite for life.
Anita Johnston, Eating in the Light of the Moon: How Women Can Transform Their Relationship with Food Through Myths, Metaphors, and Storytelling|Counting calories is not the answer, because eating is not the problem.
Mishi McCoy|Anything you want can come true if you cast it in the form of a "golden goal" and apply EFT-Matrix Reimprinting to get clear and activate it "in the matrix".
Debasish Mridha|Life is eternal and, at the same time, ephemeral.
Charles Bukowski, Women|They didn’t fly out of my body, I actually had to push the little fuckers out.
Humphry Davy|As you improve yourself, those around you benefit and are, themselves, improved!
Daniel Bryan|Whenever anyone has asked me if wrestling is “worth it,” meaning is the reward worth the pain, worth the travel, worth the being away from your family, I’ve always answered yes. And it always felt like it was. But I naïvely assumed that when I was done wrestling, I could always go home and make up for all the time I’ve missed with my family and friends. Now, going home isn’t the same, and there is nothing I can do to make up for all the time I’ve spent away from my father. Instead of being proud of my accomplishments, all I feel is regret about not being there for the most important people in my life, the people who have loved me in a way that had nothing to do with wrestling. If you were to ask me today if all the reward was worth the sacrifices, I would say no. Yet I keep on because I’m not quite sure what else to do with myself and because stopping now won’t give me any more time with my father.
Brett Favre|I'm thankful enough or blessed enough to be able to say that Miles Davis was a friend when he was alive, and he was a wonderful mentor and really, really funny, you know.
Michael Scott, The Sorceress|I like places like this," he announced.I like old places too," Josh said, "but what's to like about a place like this?"The king spread his arms wide. "What do you see?"Josh made a face. "Junk. Rusted tractor, broken plow, old bike."Ahh...but I see a tractor that was once used to till these fields. I see the plow it once pulled. I see a bicycle carefully placed out of harm's way under a table."Josh slowly turned again, looking at the items once more.And i see these things and I wonder at the life of the person who carefully stored the precious tractor and plow in the barn out of the weather, and placed their bike under a homemade table."Why do you wonder?" Josh asked. "Why is it even important?"Because someone has to remember," Gilgamesh snapped, suddenly irritated. "Some one has to remember the human who rode the bike and drove the tractor, the person who tilled the fields, who was born and lived and died, who loved and laughed and cried, the person who shivered in the cold and sweated in the sun." He walked around the barn again, touching each item, until his palm were red with rust." It is only when no one remembers, that you are truely lost. That is the true death.
Robert Jordan|It took Caine a few beats to get it. “No. Go kill yourself. Eat your own gun. No. No no no.”“You’re happy here counting fish and nagging kids to work?” Edilio asked.“He’s not,” Virtue said, beating Toto to the punch and earning an annoyed glance from Caine.“He’s only done it for two days since the battle, and he’s already bored.
George Eliot|You forget, my good man, that what the artist perceives is, primarily, the difference between things. It is the vulgar who note their resemblance.
André Breton|For to wish to forget how much you loved someone-- and then, to actually forget-- can feel, at times, like the slaughter of a beautiful bird who chose, by nothing short of grace, to make a habitat of your heart.
H.G. Wells, Great Tales of Horror and the Supernatural|He knew clearly enough that his imagination was growing traitor to him, and yet at times it seemed the ship he sailed in, his fellow-passengers, the sailors, the wide sea, were all part of a filmy phantasmagoria that hung, scarcely veiling it, between him and a horrible real world. Then the Porroh man, thrusting his diabolical face through that curtain, was the one real and undeniable thing. At that he would get up and touch things, taste something, gnaw something, burn his hand with a match, or run a needle into himself.("Pollock And The Porrah Man")
A.P., Sabine|Years later I saw a film - poignantly sad, and for me unbearably so - about a scientist who had invented a kind of total sense recorder, not just video but audio and smellio and touchio and the rest, which he set to play every afternoon in a given place a given time, for as long as the mechanism lasted. The scene he projected was that of a dozen or so young couples dancing on a terrace in the same holiday house, on the same island, where the recorder itself was kept. Then this young man comes across it while it is playing and at first is convinced he is watching a real occurrence: he sees this beautiful girl, in her slinky 1930s outfit, dancing and laughing and chattering with her friends, and he falls in love with her on the spot. Second day, same time around, he comes to the island at a slightly different time so he sees a slightly different excerpt, and still doesn't twig and falls deeper in love. And so on and so forth for various days until he happens on a duplicate bit and realises something is wrong. But by then, of course, he is irretrievably hooked. So what does he do? He digs out the machine, fiddles with its insides until he has grasped its workings, and then sets it up in recording mode and records himself into the scene in a desperate last-ditch attempt to join the dancers. Which works, and there he stays: trapped there amongst them in a virtual dimension, forever young, forever re-enacting the same little loop of life, over and over.
Steven Pinker|And Fall, with her yeller harvest moon and the hills growin' brown and golden under a sinkin' sun.
Arthur Schopenhauer|I now turn to a *subjective* consideration that belongs here; yet I can give even less distinctness to it than to the objective consideration just discussed, for I shall be able to express it only by image and simile. Why is our consciousness brighter and more distinct the farther it reaches outwards, so that its greatest clearness lies in sense perception, which already half belongs to things outside us; and, on the other hand, becomes more obscure as we go inwards, and leads, when followed to its innermost recesses, into a darkness in which all knowledge ceases? Because, I say, consciousness presupposes *individuality*; but this belongs to the mere phenomenon, since, as the plurality of the homogeneous, it is conditioned by the forms of the phenomenon, time and space. On the other hand, our inner nature has its root in what is no longer phenomenon but thing-in-itself, to which therefore the forms of the phenomenon do not reach; and in this way, the chief conditions of individuality are wanting, and distinct consciousness ceases therewith. In this root-point of existence the difference of beings ceases, just as that of the radii of a sphere ceases at the centre. As in the sphere the surface is produced by the radii ending and breaking off, so consciousness is possible only where the true inner being runs out into the phenomenon. Through the forms of the phenomenon separate individuality becomes possible, and on this individuality rests consciousness, which is on this account confined to phenomena. Therefore everything distinct and really intelligible in our consciousness always lies only outwards on this surface on the sphere. But as soon as we withdraw entirely from this, consciousness forsakes us―in sleep, in death, and to a certain extent also in magnetic or magic activity; for all these lead through the centre. But just because distinct consciousness, as being conditioned by the surface of the sphere, is not directed towards the centre, it recognizes other individuals certainly as of the same kind, but not as identical, which, however, they are in themselves. Immortality of the individual could be compared to the flying off at a tangent of a point on the surface; but immortality, by virtue of the eternity of the true inner being of the whole phenomenon, is comparable to the return of that point on the radius to the centre, whose mere extension is the surface. The will as thing-in-itself is entire and undivided in every being, just as the centre is an integral part of every radius; whereas the peripheral end of this radius is in the most rapid revolution with the surface that represents time and its content, the other end at the centre where eternity lies, remains in profoundest peace, because the centre is the point whose rising half is no different from the sinking half. Therefore, it is said also in the *Bhagavad-Gita*: *Haud distributum animantibus, et quasi distributum tamen insidens, animantiumque sustentaculum id cognoscendum, edax et rursus genitale* (xiii, 16, trans. Schlegel) [Undivided it dwells in beings, and yet as it were divided; it is to be known as the sustainer, annihilator, and producer of beings]. Here, of course, we fall into mystical and metaphorical language, but it is the only language in which anything can be said about this wholly transcendent theme."―from_The World as Will and Representation_. Translated from the German by E. F. J. Payne. In Two Volumes, Volume II, pp. 325-326
Alfred Hitchcock|We are all united by both pain and love. Both a smile and a wound. We are all united by these very basic yet very influential things, because we all recognize them, we all know what they feel like to have or to give. Everything else, all the other things that do not unite us— those things are all illusions.
Christopher Hitchens|Every society and religion has rules, for both have moral laws. And the essence of morality consists, as in art, of drawing the line somewhere.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|Do you know what I see in you now? The usual aura. A steady golden yellow, healthy and strong, with spikes of purple here and there. But when I do this. . . .”He rested a hand on my hip, and my whole body tensed up. That hand moved around my hip, slipping under my shirt to rest on the small of my back. My skin burned where he touched me, and the places that were untouched longed for that heat.. The colors deepen, it burns more intensely, the purple increases. Why? Why, Sydney?” He used that hand on me to pull me closer. “Why do you react that way if I don’t mean anything to you?” There was a desperation in his voice, and it was legitimate.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Every soul is beautiful and precious; is worthy of dignity and respect, and deserving of peace, joy and love.
Matshona Dhliwayo|They said you would fall,but were surprised when you were rising.The said you would fail,but were surprised when you were succeeding.They said you would break,but were surprised when you kept it together.The said you would deteriorate,but were surprised when you were flourishing.
Angelo Codevilla|Tacit collaboration by millions whobite their lip is even more essential than lip service by thousands of favor seekers. Hence, to stimulate at least passive cooperation, the party strives to give the impression that “everybody” is already on its side. (The Rise of Political Correctness)
John Boyne, This House is Haunted|Jews don't camp...The last time the Jews went camping, they spent forty years wandering in the desert.
Christopher McCandless|Circumstance has no value. It is how one relates to a situation that has value. All true meaning resides the personal relationship to a phenomenon, what it means to you.
Margery Allingham, The Fashion in Shrouds|I love the word 'fashion.' That's why I'm using it in the title of this book. Fashion is about change and about creating clothes within a historical context. To me, dismissing fashion as silly or unimportant seems like a denial of history and frequently a show of sexism—as if something that's traditionally a concern of women isn't valid as a field of academic inquiry. When the Parsons fashion department was founded in 1906, it was called 'costume design,' because fashion was then a verb: to fashion. But the word 'fashion' has evolved to mean something much more profound, and those who resist it seem to me to be on the wrong side of history.
Octavio Paz|The object of poetic activity is essentially language: whatever his beliefs & convictions, the poet is more concerned with words than what these words designate.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Enjoy the beauty, love and peace of a sacred Christmas.
Stephen Leacock|Courage is action, not talk.
Dennis Vickers, Between the Shadow and the Soul|The eyes can often lie, not see what is essential. But the heart, never.
Matthew  Thomas, We Are Not Ourselves|He was smarter than most, more sensitive. In that regard he was more prepared for the loneliness of senescence than she was. He'd been a stranger in the world for most of his life.
Bhavik Sarkhedi, Will You Walk A Mile?|Twisting the nipple so I inhaled audibly, and he hesitated for a moment but kept going. His dick smearing at my bare thighs. I would be shunted along whatever would happen, I understood. However he piloted the night. And there wasn't fear, just a feeling adjacent to excitement, a viewing from the wings. What would happen to Evie?
Kelly Clarkson|The thing that helped me get into the film business was that I went to school in Athens, Georgia and managed to get on, um, working on music videos for a band called R.E.M. and that kind of opened up a lot of doors for me.
Thomas à Kempis|Nothing, how little so ever it be, if it is suffered for God’s sake, can pass without merit in the sight of God.
Billi Jean, Running Scared|Arrr, shiver me timbers,” he said in an exaggerated pirate twang. He winked his uncovered eye and hooked his thumbs in his pants. “This is the nicest your mom’s been to a poor old bloke like me-self in days.”Sandra poked a finger in his chest, but grinned. “Don’t make me regret it, or you’ll walk the plank.”He grinned back and, with that eye patch, turned knee-meltingly rakish in under ten seconds flat. “Aye, I won’t be asking you to make me Roger jolly, if that’s what has you worrying.
Austin Mahone|I'm thankful to be here in Cleveland, and I believe this is where I belong.
Gary Shteyngart, Super Sad True Love Story|I keep saying that I had everything, but all I had was endless tomorrows.
Thich Nhat Hanh|After school, I'd wait for someone to pick me up and no one would, so I'd be like, 'I guess I'll walk home.' I had to be a hustler, because nobody did anything for me.
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|If you happen to be white in a white country; pretty according to the dictates of fashion; rich in a country where money is adored, it’s almost impossible to grow up and to grow up honest inside. It is almost impossible. Most people don’t grow up. Most people age. They find parking spaces, honor their credit cards, get married, have children, and call that maturity. What that is, is aging. But to grow up, to take responsibility for the time you take up, and the space you occupy, to honor every living person for his or her humanity, that is to grow up.
Masashi Kishimoto|To them I'm simply an object from the past that they wish will disappear Then why do I exist? Why am I alive? When I thought about this I could find no answer. But as you live you need a reason otherwise it's the same as being dead, I then came to this conclusion I exist to kill every human besides myself. Fighting only for yourself living while only loving yourself If you think that everybody else simply exist to allow you to experience that feeling nothing is better then that world. As long as there are people in this world for me to kill and continue to feel that joy of living my existence will not vanish.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|Without good personal brands, whatever you do may not be accepted and patronized; without any brand at all, you may do something great which will not be known.
Toni Sorenson, Aligned By Christ|Let go and let God. Don’t dwell on your past mistakes. When you do that, your past keeps you from moving forward. The wonder of the Atonement is that you don’t have to be the same person you were yesterday, last year or even a minute ago. Through Christ, and through the power of repentance, you are continually being reborn.
Albert J. Nock|Why waste time learning, when ignorance is instantaneous?
Cindi Madsen, Cinderella Screwed Me Over|She rolled her eyes to the ceiling, clearly telling him what she thought about his need to protect his pride.He leaned down, his face inches from hers, and tapped a finger against her lips, somehow managing to ignore their softness and the overwhelming desire to taste them. “You’re going to owe me for this one, I think.
Debasish Mridha|After death, I will lose my opportunity to complain so I will accept everything with love.
Alexander Pope|The sea can smack the rocks like a hand smacking a cheek. It can hiss or gurgle or even kiss. But when it wants, it can go quiet. 'And then', said Anya Rothrock, 'you can hear the voices of the drowned'.
Steven James, The Rook|I reach forward for him, expecting to feel the hardness of his chest or at the very least one of his arms coming to halt my progress, but there is nothing. I expand my reach a little and then, feeling slightly spooked, I listen… Nothing. No breathing, no footsteps; nothing.
Henry Johnson Jr|My religion consists of a dwelling admiration of illimitable spirit, with no hate in place, a whole heart to Love and care about the human race. There is lust within each of us, it's sometimes self center, that we call our heart. We were born with it. It is never completely grace, but the state to Love others and appreciates the human race in a unique way is left to "question". I am convinced that it is a fundamental energy of the human spirit that can create diversity, and can also stop the caste system, racism, segregation and sexism
Jerry Gladstone, The Common Thread of Overcoming Adversity and Living Your Dreams|Be "that person" with grit. Remain dedicated, determined and strong in the face of adversity!
Neil Hannon, The Divine Comedy: a Secret History|JAMIE'S SONG 'UN-BROKE':Un-broke and,All is well.I did not expect that.Unspoken,All I felt.I should not have done that.But now that is all behind me.Something else, something more defines me.I could be scattered all over the world again,And I would still be me.Find my way back here again.Though I don’t think that could happen, I feel so unbreakable,Now that I am un-broke.Like the wind,I floated. I could not change one thing.Like the trees,I stood there.Branches swayed bare in Spring.My darkest days are behind me.Blinding sun and stars always find me.I could be shattered into the abyss again,But I would still be free.Climb out of the hole again.I’ll see the skies that never darken. I know I’m unbreakable, Now that I am un-broke.
M. B Antevasin|To guess is no good, but to anticipate is GREAT.
Robyn Schneider, Extraordinary Means|After all, if you run far enough, no one can catch you.
Ortega y Gasset|Its regurgitation in newspapers of record and blogs of repute would be another reminder why the American society as a whole could never be call itself highbrow, why its easy availability of of stories on the private lives of others was turning adults, who would otherwise be enriching their minds with worthwhile knowledge, into juveniles who needed the satisfaction of knowing that others were more pathetic than them.
Immanuel Kant|Wisdom is the central form which gives meaning and position to all the facts which are acquired by knowledge, the digestion and assimilation of whatever in the material world the man comes in contact with.
Gary Zukav|The American experience influenced my understanding of individuality, basic human rights, freedom of expression and the rights and responsibilities of citizens.
Mike Huckabee|Guilty pleasure implies that it's something that I feel guilty for watching... people tell me I should feel guilty for watching because I'm too old to watch it, but I don't give a damn: I love everything on Cartoon Network from 'Adventure Time' to 'The Adventures of Gumball', 'Teen Titans'... all those shows that are for my kids, I like those!
John Green, Turtles All the Way Down|Some needs superseded our own wellbeing, and we let ourselves be destroyed by greed and results of our own careless mistakes. We pretend not to notice, the things that meaninglessly deplete us away.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|Motionless we traverse countries we fancy we see, and your thought, blending with the fiction, playing with the details, follows the outline of the adventures. It mingles with the characters, and it seems as if it were yourself palpitating beneath their costumes.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you are good at building bridges, you will never fall into the abyss!
Elisa Nader, Escape from Eden|If a problem can be solved by writing a check, it's not a problem, it's an expense.
Latika Teotia|People who fill you with positivity, who make us see the brighter side of life are our best friends. Cultivate them, hang on to them and never let them go.
J. Sarraf|Like the sun and the moon loved each other,Like the sky loved the stars,The sun and the moon couldn't shine together and the sky couldn't have stars forever.
T.R. Neff, The Falconer and The Wolf|Wintry it ain't- no complaints! Snowier: Storefronts are showier, light displays glowier. Shoppers are prowling, blizzard howling! Drifts a-heaping, lords a-leaping, Yule logs burning, gifts returning. Winds are keen for 2015!
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Have Fangs|Jane: "Look, Dave Chandler left me on the ninth floor of our university research library without my panties after we lost our virginity together. He never called me again and actually turned on his heel and walked in the opposite direction whenever he saw me on campus. Unless you're going to do that, I don't think were gonna have a problem. Gabriel?"Gabriel: "Sorry. Something strange happened inside my head when you said the word "panties". The overwhelming urge to kill Dave Chandler combined with a simultaneous loss of blood to the brain.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|Think... of the world which you carry within yourself... and set it above everything that you notice about you. Your inmost happening is worth your whole love, that is what you must somehow work at, and not loose too much time and too much courage in explaining your attitude to people.
Diane Setterfield, The Thirteenth Tale|Like flies in amber, like corpses frozen in ice, that which according to the laws of nature should pass away is, by the miracle of ink on paper, preserved. It is a kind of magic. As one tends the graves of the dead, so I tend the books. And every day I open a volume or two, read a few lines or pages, allow the voices of the forgotten dead to resonate inside my head.
Michael Burch|We leave to monsieur Le Corbusier his style that suits factories as well as it does hospitals. And the prisons of the future: is he not already building churches? I do not know what this individual -- ugly of countenance and hideous in his conceptions of the world -- is repressing to make him want thus to crush humanity under ignoble heaps of reinforced concrete, a noble material that ought to permit an aerial articulation of space superior to Flamboyant Gothic. His power of cretinization is vast. A model by Corbusier is the only image that brings to my mind the idea of immediate suicide. With him moreover any remaining job will fade. And love -- passion -- liberty.Gilles Ivain (aka Ivan Chtcheglov)
Michael Bassey Johnson, Master of Maxims|If all you do it "live with it"...then that's not much of a life.
Mensah Oteh|You can choose the quality and the type of reality you experience every day through your focus. What you focus on, you feel.
Syed Mustafa Faraz Ahmad|Don’t waste your energy & time on things you cannot change, instead pray & change your luck.
Nehali Lalwani|Do not, for one second, allow people with closed minds and no ambition to make a difference in this life silence you or stop you from going above and beyond.
Andrea Cremer|I'm a grenade, I just want to stay away from people and read books, and think...
Henning Mankell, Sidetracked|Among all the nonsense, mistakes, and bad ideas we come up with, maybe some truth will sneak in.
Ted Hughes|If I could have all of those things, I wouldn't mind if I touched her or not.
Briana Pacheco, A Sky Full of Secrets|You’re like a newly discovered universe, and I plan on taking my time exploring everything about you.
Haruki Murakami|But you knoe, she's right. Every single day, each time I see her face, see her, it's utterly precious.
Nutan Bajracharya|You see, Max, the problem is not that the mouse is in the maze, but that the maze is in the mouse.
Ernest Hemingway, A Moveable Feast|Since I had started to break down all my writing and get rid of all facility and try to make instead of describe, writing had been wonderful to do.
Lynn Margulis, Microcosmos: Four Billion Years of Microbial Evolution|Life did not take over the world by combat,but by networking.
T.R. Wallace|Romance is like maintaining a car. If you do a good job of it, you will always have a dependable quiet ride.
Will Durant, The Story of Philosophy: The Lives and Opinions of the World's Greatest Philosophers|And last are the few whose delight is in meditation and understanding; who yearn not for goods, nor for victory, but for knowledge; who leave both market and battlefield to lose themselves in the quiet clarity of secluded thought; whose will is a light rather than a fire, whose haven is not power but truth: these are the men of wisdom, who stand aside unused by the world.
මාර්ටින් වික්‍රමසිංහ, Yuganthaya|Tissa reflected that religion is divine poetry whilst morality is made up of customs and traditions that change with the place and the times. How do men who read the same books he reads, live on the same kind of food in the same world and social class, differ so much from him and from each other in mind and body? He concluded that his present state of body and mind that gives rise to his reflections cannot be just the outcome of books he read and the food he ate, nor his own efforts to adapt to his world and his social class. Human beings are born with an individuality that is unique to each, but this cannot be attributed to the presence or absence of a soul. The same individuality is there in each leaf, and one leaf differs from another. Yet all the leaves get the same nourishment from the roots of the tree, and the sun and the air.
Thich Nhat Hanh|You get the best effort from others not by lighting a fire beneath them, but by building a fire within.
Christopher Pike, The Last Vampire|I turned to look into his face one last time. It was as if I could see the whole universe in his eyes. Maybe he was God, maybe he was simply enlightened. I didn't care right then, in that blessed moment, I just loved him. Later, though, the love was to turn to hate, to fear. They seemed so opposite, the feelings, yet they were all one note on his flute.
John Fante|What is the secret of life?’ I asked.‘I forget,’ said Sandra.‘Protein,’ the bartender declared. ‘They found something out about protein.‘‘Yeah,’ said Sandra, ‘that’s it.
Graeme Simsion, The Rosie Project|But why, why, why can't people just say what they mean?
Taylor Stevens, The Doll|Lumani had never managed a failed delivery because, in the end, no matter how skilled or how hard they fought back, pressure applied in the right places caused even the strongest men to fracture.But this one? He'd watched her. Studied her. Observed what maybe even Uncle, the reader of people, had missed. This one was already fractured, and the lines between her broken pieces were not fissures but scar material stronger than whatever had once filled those spaces.
Mara Schiavocampo, Thinspired: How I Lost 90 Pounds -- My Plan for Lasting Weight Loss and Self-Acceptance|If you never persisted, you will never succeed.
Charles   Williams, The Hot Spot|You need to respect people either good one or bad. Every person in this world have something good and something bad. You need to see the positive side of the person rather than the negative ones. By doing this you can never hate anyone in this world. Some time ago I use to think to shoot few peoples, but seeing the things they gave me when they love me, I use to forget their bad things. They taught me what's life, how to survive, how to struggle, how to be success, but they also left me on the middle of the desert…… but with due respect and the lessons they gave to me I easily come out from that desert…. And now I am trying to teach all these life experiences to them who need it…….
John Donne|There’s a time when it all comes together—what you long for and what you fear—and as tentative as you may feel, you’re driven to continue. At that point, the need to forge ahead is the only option, and your direction is defined despite yourself.
Terri E. Laine|I’d already said too much, giving my hand away. Yet I found myself lost on an island of need, peering through a telescope, searching for that one blinking light to let me know when a ship was approaching. She was that ship destined to save me… or wreck me. I could feel fate sinking in her claws. No woman had ever made me want the way.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|I understand, of course, what an upheaval of the universe it will be when everything in heaven and earth blends in one hymn of praise and everything that lives and has lived cries aloud: 'Thou art just, O Lord, for Thy ways are revealed.' When the mother embraces the fiend who threw her child to the dogs, and all three cry aloud with tears, 'Thou art just, O Lord!' then, of course, the crown of knowledge will be reached and all will be made clear. But what pulls me up here is that I can't accept that harmony.
Lisa Firestone, The Self Under Siege: A Therapeutic Model for Differentiation|They implicitly trust that their thoughts, beliefs, and feelings are their own, and fail to recognize that they may be “channeling” someone else’s thoughts and feelings.
Billie Holiday|I treat every album as a new beginning, so I'm asking myself, 'What is pop music now? What are people consuming?' and I take these things into effect.
R. Murray Gilchrist, Terror by Gaslight: More Victorian Tales of Terror|Trees make man happy in thousands of different ways; in return, man hurts the trees in thousands of different ways! What an honourable being man is!
Hlovate, Versus|Sama juga kalau untuk contoh lelaki. Kalau baca Al - Quran hari-hari, tapi main bola nampak kepala lutut,tak cukup balik lagi.Atau kalau solat lima waktu sehari semalam tapi pegang tangan anak dara orang bukan mahram sesuka hati, tu belum cukup baik lagi.
Herman Melville|Adventures do occur, but not punctually.
Fernando González y Lozano|I must talk to Kennit first. He will tell me when he is ready for us to have a baby.""Never," Bolt said flatly."What?""Never wait for a male on any such decision. You are the queen. You decide. Males are not made for such decisions. I have seen it time and time again. They would have you wait for days of sunshine and wealth and plenty. Yet to a male, enough is never sufficient, and plenty never reached. A queen knows that when times are hardest and game most scarce, that is when one must care most about the continuance of the race. Some things are not for males to decide.
Pope Francis, Amoris Laetitia: Apostolic Exhortation on the Family|Narcissism makes people incapable of looking beyond themselves, beyond their own desires and needs.
Patrick J. Carnes, Sexual Anorexia: Overcoming Sexual Self-Hatred|Our education system is today run by left-wing elitists who believe the US is too big, too arrogant, and must be reigned-in... Real sad.
Martha Cooley, The Archivist|Books never cease to astonish me. When I was a child, I knew--in the incontestable way that children know things--that God was an author who'd imagined me, which is why I (and everyone else) existed: to populate His narrative. My task was to imagine God in return: this was all He and I owed each other.
Maggie Georgiana Young|I became a feminist upon the realization that, whether physical, mental, or emotional, everything involved in obtaining love and approval from men required some form of self-mutilation.
Richard Bach, Running from Safety: An Adventure of the Spirit|Tell him I said that he will know when he's my age that books aren't written on whims or old promises. Books are written on years turned inside out by ideas that never let go until you get them in print, and even then writing's a last resort, a desperate ransom you pay to get your life back.
Zora Neale Hurston, How It Feels To Be Colored Me|Black bodies have become ornamental, haven't they?
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|If there is no reward, there is no reason to run
Jeff VanderMeer, Authority|If you dont want to feel that you are controlled, Make sure to Follow the below Checklist :1. Make your Own Business Before you Die : because then you know that you are controlling your life with your money not someone else money and therefore you gain Freedom 2. Never have your only Fuck Buddy/GirlFriend as your Work Colleague, Have more than one fuck buffy if you cant resist and dont share much info | You never know if your boss is paying her to get information 3. Once you become Wealthy and Rich, Never Submit or Believe anything if you get approached by a Secret Organization or So called Illuminati. A Deal with the Devil Is NEVER INTO YOUR BENEFIT but its always a DECEPTION 4. Make sure to Pray Tactically Either you are Christian, Muslim, Budha or any Religion, Spirituality Helps you Stand up on your Feet and the help you get is from a Spirit Power Someone you can Trust 5. Educate and keep educating yourself, Knowledge is Power | Be Aware of All 6. Either dont give all the information of yourself or if you cant then give False information or close but to the point to be as Diplomatic As Possible. Also be aware of the information that you have given in order to consider it should a follow up or weird moments appear to be ready with your ConscienceOk there is more to the checklist but since point 6 of this checklist states that not to give all the information, i will give publicly those but i will also add 2 more below7. Have No FEAR as Control is usually conducted by FEAR Control | Practice no FEAR Techniques on a regular basis 8. Be innovative ! keep changing so you dont have a Standard Portfolio about you | you are that guy that changes and is hard to Keep up
Naoki Higashida, Fall Down 7 Times Get Up 8: A Young Man's Voice from the Silence of Autism|I would never slay the dragon, because the dragon was also me.
Henry Cloud, Boundaries: When to Say Yes, How to Say No to Take Control of Your Life|Live and act within the limit of your knowledge and keep expanding it to the limit of your life. Redeem your mind from the hockshops of authority. Accept the fact that you are not omniscient, but playing a zombie will not give you omniscience—that your mind is fallible, but becoming mindless will not make you infallible—that an error made on your own is safer than ten truths accepted on faith, because the first leaves you the means to correct it, but the second destroys your capacity to distinguish truth from error.
Wendelin Van Draanen, Runaway|Words can't fix my life.Words can't give me a family.Words can't do jack.You may be a teacher, Ms. Leone, but face it: You don't know squat.
Harley King|The words we construct, the poems we write and the songs we sing, become the love story of a stranger we have never seen.
Susan Forward, Toxic Parents: Overcoming Their Hurtful Legacy and Reclaiming Your Life|Children who are not encouraged to do, to try, to explore, to master, and to risk failure, often feel helpless and inadequate. Over-controlled by anxious, fearful parents, these children often become anxious and fearful themselves. This makes it difficult for them to mature. Many never outgrow the need for ongoing parental guidance and control. As a result, their parents continue to invade, manipulate, and frequently dominate their lives.
Colleen Hoover, Hopeless|I wanted to cry because I needed you there with me so bad. I knew in that moment that I was in love with you. I was in love with the way you loved me. When you wrapped your arms around me and held me, I knew that no matter what happened with my life, you were my home. You stole the biggest piece of my heart that night.
Andrew Lang, Adventures Among Books|Young men, especially in America, write to me and ask me to recommend “a course of reading.” Distrust a course of reading! People who really care for books read all of them. There is no other course.
Ian McEwan, Sweet Tooth|In my experience, writers tend to be really good at the inside of their own heads and imaginary people, and a lot less good at the stuff going on outside, which means that quite often if you flirt with us we will completely fail to notice, leaving everybody involved slightly uncomfortable and more than slightly unlaid.So I would suggest that any attempted seduction of a writer would probably go a great deal easier for all parties if you sent them a cheerful note saying "YOU ARE INVITED TO A SEDUCTION: Please come to dinner on Friday Night, Wear the kind of clothes you would like to be seduced in."And alcohol may help, too. Or kissing. Many writers figure out that they're being seduced or flirted with if someone is actually kissing them.
Joan Lingard|The most special relationships, in my experience, are based on a combination of trust and mutual respect.
David Halberstam, The Powers That Be|Vaccination was, and is, thoroughly infused with our politics, our social values, and our cultural norms. By acknowledging and understanding the divergent reasons why we've vaccinated in the past, however, we just may ensure the continued success of vaccination in the future.
Anne Lamott, Bird by Bird: Some Instructions on Writing and Life|You are lucky to be one of those people who wishes to build sand castles with words, who is willing to create a place where your imagination can wander.
H.G. Wells|We are to turn our backs for a space upon the insistent examination of the thing that is, and face towards the freer air, the ampler spaces of the thing that perhaps might be.
Rachel E. Carter, Candidate|So if all what I’ve said is the definition of insanity then the next thing is how do you define an evil bastard? People can mix evil and insanity up, thinking both to be the one and self same thing…wrong! Let me tell you about evil, first you smell it, secondly you feel it, thirdly you taste it and finally you need to destroy it.
Jeff Kinney, The Last Straw|There was this book Dad used to read to me every night called "The Giving Tree." It was a really good book, but the back of it had a picture of the author, this guy named Shel Silverstein.But Shel Silverstein looks more like a burglar or a pirate than a guy who should be writing books for kids.Dad must have known that picture kind of freaked me out, because one night after I got out of bed, Dad said: "IF YOU GET OUT OF BED AGAIN TONIGHT, YOU'LL PROBABLY RUN INTO SHEL SILVERSTEIN IN THE HALLWAY."That really did the trick, Ever since then, I STILL don't get out of bed at night, even if I really need to use the bathroom.
Jean Lorrain, Monsieur De Phocas|Long after the other voices had dropped away, Sam kept howling, very soft and slow.When he finally fell silent, the night felt dead. Sitting was intolerable. I stood up, paced, clenched and unclenched my hands into fists. Finally I took the guitar that Sam had played and I screamed and smashed it into pieces on Dad's desk.
Sarah Wayne Callies|It's mainly about working hard and proving to people you're serious about it, and stretching yourself and learning. The mistake a lot of actors make, particularly young ones, is allowing themselves to feel that they're the finished articles, the bee's knees, and it's not true.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|If satan succeds in blinding your mind, he has succeeded in arresting you because anything that can stop you from believing can stop your future.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Hey you —All our fevered history won't instill insight,won't turn a body conscious,won't make that look in the eyes say yes, though there is nothingto solve even as each moment is an answer.
Danny Meyer|By giving material expression to force-forms in space, the Greeks gave divine spiritual beings the opportunity of using these material forms. It is no figure of speech but a fact when we say that gods came down at that time into the Greek temples in order to be among human beings on the physical plane.
Zaha Hadid|With one terrible exception, the Civil War, law and the Constitution have kept America whole and free.
Hwang Sok-yong, The Old Garden|Even if you are alive somewhere, the absence of the other person who used to be there beside you obliterates your presence. Everything in the room, even the stars in the sky, can disappear in a second, changing one scene for another, just like in a dream.
Allen Ginsberg, Wait Till I'm Dead: Uncollected Poems|Man is no form no mighty molecule no justidea alone — all that Thing — I feel man tender radiance at Heart betweenbreast and belly, that physical placewhere the Self urges — delicate sensation
Kirk Cousins, Game Changer|This is how it needs to be in life. Solomon also wrote these words in Ecclesiastes 4:9-10 (NIV) "Two are better than one, because if either of them falls down, one can help the other up. But pity anyone who falls down and has no one to help them up." God didn't intend for us to do life alone. So let me ask you, who do you turn to when life hits you hard in the mouth? Your family? Some trusted friends? A teacher or coach? Are you building relationships today that will be there for you tomorrow when adversity comes your way? Do you have humility to look to others for strength and encouragement, or are you holding to the foolish pride that says, "I need to make it alone"?
George Muller|Then I realized that secrecy is actually to the detriment of my own peace of mind and self, and that I could still sustain my belief in privacy and be authentic and transparent at the same time. It was a pretty revelatory moment, and there's been a liberating force that's come from it.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Ah, Proph." Tom paused. "You did have a nightmare last night.""And here I thought maybe I dreamed it," Prophet muttered sarcastically.
E.J.H. Corner|...but I still think that to the unprejudiced, the fossil record of plants is in favor of special creation.
Imam Zaid Shakir|Allah, Most High, has truly blessed us. He has created just for us the mysterious spirit that He has breathed into us and by so doing distinguished us from all other physical creation. He has adorned us with our incomparable intellect, which further distinguishes us from all else in this creation. What other creature on this planet -another gift He has blessed us with- can even begin to create the likes of this Internet? Will we not stop, give thanks to our Merciful and Generous Lord? Will we not stop and realize how precious our lives are and begin to show each other more love, mercy, kindness and empathy? Will we not stop, take time, and reflect?
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|Hm-m," he said. "Lookie, Ma. I been all day an' all night hidin' alone. Guess whoI been thinkin' about? Casy! He talked a lot. Used ta bother me. But now I been thinkin' what he said, an' I can remember-all of it. Says one time he went out in the wilderness to find his own soul, an' he foun' he didn' have no soul that was his'n. Says he foun' he jus' got a little piece of a great big soul. Says a wilderness ain't no good, 'cause his little piece of a soul wasn't no good 'less it was with the rest, an' was whole. Funny how I remember. Didn't even think I was listenin'. But I know now a fella ain't no good alone.
Jerome Bruner, The Culture of Education|In sum, then, "thinking about thinking" has to be a principal ingredient of any empowering practice of education.
Dorothy Parker|Four be the things I'd have been better without: love, curiosity, freckles and doubt.
Amitabh Bachchan|For humans, the Arctic is a harshly inhospitable place, but the conditions there are precisely what polar bears require to survive - and thrive. 'Harsh' to us is 'home' for them. Take away the ice and snow, increase the temperature by even a little, and the realm that makes their lives possible literally melts away.
Lia Habel, Dearly, Departed|For a chance with you, I can wait.
Sunday Adelaja|If you work on yourself spiritually, you will be able to realize your potential
Mika Brzezinski|I get uncomfortable when people give me presents and watch me open them. I don't have birthday parties, because the idea of a group of people singing and looking at me while I'm blowing out candles gives me hives.
Agyness Deyn|I love funny people, and when I'm with funny people, or people who are amusing in their weirdness, I love it. Because that to me is funny, as opposed to someone who stops and says, 'Hey let me tell you a joke.'
Dan Ariely, Predictably Irrational: The Hidden Forces That Shape Our Decisions|Home is where the heart is. That's what they always say. But where does home begin,If you have lost your way. Do you turn to family or neighbors you don't know? You heart may wonder far and wide until you learn to grow. You go outside and look around to see what you can seeFrom little birds too big tall trees you realize beauty is free.
Anita Shreve, The Pilot's Wife|But tonight is a gusty, hurrying night . . . even the clouds racing over the sky are in a hurry and the moonlight that gushes out between them is in a hurry to flood the world.
Robert Graves, Goodbye to All That|About this business of being a gentleman: I paid so heavily for the fourteen years of my gentleman’s education that I feel entitled, now and then, to get some sort of return.
Story Musgrave|Missions is not about sending missionaries, and missions is not about doing missions. Missions is about the communication of truth to men.
Napoleon Hill|I have a total irreverence for anything connected with society except that which makes the roads safer, the beer stronger, the food cheaper and the old men and old women warmer in the winter and happier in the summer.
Eugene H. Peterson, Under the Unpredictable Plant an Exploration in Vocational Holiness|Deception is nowhere more common than in religion. And the persons most easily and damningly deceived are the leaders. Those who deceive others are first themselves deceived, for not many, I think, begin with evil intent. The devil, after all, is a spiritual being. His usual mode of temptation is not an obvious evil but to an apparent good. The commonest forms of devil-inspired worship do not take place furtively at black masses with decapitated cats but flourish under the bright lights of acclaim and glory, in a swirl of organ music.
Donna Lynn Hope|The woman gestured to a seat and put on a patient face. An impatient sort of patient face, like an impatient face dressing up as a patient one for Halloween.
Stella Berkley, For Now and Always|You desire me. I can scent it on the wind.” He drew in a breath and licked his lips. “I have been waiting for your courage to bring you to me, but I have grown tired of our little game.
Debra Holland, Mail-Order Brides of the West: Bertha: A Montana Sky Novella|Even through her coat, he could feel the curve of her arm, making him aware of their differences. Man and woman. Hard and soft.
Aaron Blaylock, It's Called Helping...You're Welcome|Since we have had this baby with us, I have never again wondering why I never got pregnant. There is no doubt in my mind that God, in His wonderful way, was saving us to be the parents of this wonderful little boy.
Toni Sorenson|Friendship, neglected, is like a flower deprived of water and sunlight.
Pablo Neruda, The Book of Questions|Donde termina el arco iris,en tu alma o en el horizonte?Where does the rainbow end,in your soul or on the horizon?
Toni Morrison, Beloved|Never underestimate the fury of an angry mother, Caspar. They're the most vicious creatures in the world.
Pamela Glass Kelly, From Inspiration to Publication: How to Succeed as a Children's Writer: Advice from 15 Award Winning Writers|Whatever beginning goals you set for yourself, following through on them will build momentum and a sense of achievement and those small success will point the way to bigger ones
Peter Clines, Ex-Heroes|The sooner the rebirth, the prettier the corpse.
Habeeb Akande|When they know what makes you cry, they know what hurts you most. Don't give your enemies that." Solin, character in The Guardian by Sherrilyn Kenyon
Simon Pegg, Nerd Do Well|I can't imagine you give apologies, Ten had said before, and she'd been right, but Liraz thought that she would now, She would apologize for Savvath. If her voice was her own. If it wasn't reeling out of her, rising and falling in a sound that might have been laughter and might-if she weren't Liraz and it weren't unthinkable-have been sobbing.In truth, it was both. She was going to lose her arms, the clean way or the less clean, and here's where the laughter came in: It was horrific, and it was sadistic, and it was also, literally, a dream come true.
David Mitchell, Slade House|Grief is an amputation, but hope is incurable haemophilia: you bleed and bleed and bleed. Like Schrödinger’s cat inside a box you can never ever open.
Felicity Chapman - Counselling and Psychotherapy with Older People in Care|Harold lies in the darkened room with curtains drawn. It is one thirty in the afternoon and his lunch tray seems to almost sigh at the untouched food. His words are soft and not many. He listens, looking down, as you speak about concerned staff referring him to a counselling program – you are here to see if he is interested. “I’m fine,” he says, in a rare attempt to meet your eye, and it is clear to you that he is not. He is 88 years old and five months ago his right leg had to be amputated due to complications with diabetes. Immediately after, he was transferred to an aged care facility an hours drive from his wife Elizabeth, two years his senior, who could no long care for him at home. A month after that he was transferred to this facility; his wife can now more easily visit him. But, he tells you, he does not know why she bothers. “There’s no point,” he says, and you wonder if he is also referring to being alive.
Katharine Hepburn|Wisdom of the Ages: "Hillary" Has replaced the term "battle-axe" to describe an undesirable mother-in-law in 37 languages.
Rudyard Kipling|Body and spirit, I surrendered whole, To harsh Instructors- and received a soul.
irak.ibrahim hussain didi|Constable N stepped away from the car, into the darkness where Darren could not see where his gun was pointing, and fired two rounds into the air. The gunshots cracked the roof of the night sky and echoed back at us. My first thought was that they could be heard all over Toekomsrus; I wondered how many imaginations had in that instant conjured a different story to explain the gunshots; a record of all those stories, I found myself thinking, would probably document every fear this place has of itself and its young men.
Terry Hayes, I Am Pilgrim|People say love is weak, but they're wrong: love is strong. In nearly everyone it trumps all other things - patriotism and ambition, religion and upbringing. And every kind of love - the epic and the small, the noble and the base - the one that a parent has for their child is the greatest of them all. That was the lesson I learned that day, and I'll be forever grateful I did. Some years later, deep in the ruins called Theatre of Death, it salvaged everything.
John Green, Looking for Alaska|Suffering is universal. It's the one thing Buddhists, Christians, and Muslims are all worried about.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|You are just as connected to the Universe as a finger is to a hand, or as a branch is to a tree. The entire cosmos is expressing itself through your being.
Jay Asher, Thirteen Reasons Why|Then come to realize that you're making mountains out of molehills. Realize how petty you've become. Sure, it may feel like you can't get a grip on this town. It may seem that every time someone offers you a hand up, they just let go and you slip further down. But you must stop being so pessimistic, Hannah, and learn to trust those around you. So I do. One more time.
D.J. Stutley|Without action, a vision is just a piece of paper. In education, we have lots of paper.
Fozia Malik|Lying is never the best option, but in some situations it is necessary.
Stephanie Perkins, Anna and the French Kiss|I'm sorry," he says."What? Why?""You're fixing everything I set down." He nods at my hands, which are readjusting the elephant. "It wasn't polite of me to come in and start touching your things.""Oh, it's okay," I say quickly, letting go of the figurine. "You can touch anything of mine you want." would be so bad.
Anne Berest, Audrey Diwan, Caroline de Maigret, Sophie Mas, How to Be Parisian Wherever You Are: Love, Style, and Bad Habits|You know, who tells the stories of a culture really governs human behaviour. It used to be the parent, the school, the church, the community. Now it's a handful of global conglomerates that have nothing to tell, but a great deal to sell.
Terry Tempest Williams, When Women Were Birds: Fifty-four Variations on Voice|There is comfort in keeping what is sacred inside us not as a secret, but as a prayer.
Karen Thompson Walker|I have the best job in the world. I wake up every morning energized at the thought of running Rio de Janeiro, the most exciting city on the planet.
Vanda, Juliana: Volume 1: 1941-1944|I hardly know her but whenever I see her I lose my mind. I know I should run away, but I can’t.“That’s called sexual attraction, honey,” Max said. “It’s very nice. But be careful. It can burn you bad. Believe me I know.
Ruth Ozeki, All Over Creation|Proust, more perspicaciously than any other writer, reminds us that the 'walks' of childhood form the raw material of our intelligence.
Paul Newman|When I read the pilot 'for Married with Children', it just reminded me of my Uncle Joe... just a self-deprecating kind of guy. He'd come home from work, and the wife would maybe say 'I ran over the dog this morning in the driveway'. And he would say 'Fine, what's for dinner?
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|It was the simplest of acts, the smallest of gestures, yet no one had taken the time to do something kind for her in a very long time. No one had made her feel special. Unbeknownst to her, a single, unfamiliar tear fell down her cheek as her worn and wounded body fell into a deep, safe slumber.
Ausonius|The Gershwin legacy is extraordinary because George Gershwin died in 1937, but his music is as fresh and vital today as when he originally created it.
Fakeer Ishavardas|I never knew, apes talk. Apparently, you do.
Jacob Grimm, The Complete Grimm's Fairy Tales|The tailor put on the girdle, and resolved to go forth into the world, because he thought his workshop was too small for his valor.
Vikrmn, 10 Alone|Zen is a journey of exploration and a way of living that, in and of itself, does not belong to any one religion or tradition. It is about experiencing life in the here and now and about removing the dualistic distinctions between "I" and "you" between "subject" and "objective", between our spiritual and our ordinary, everyday activities.
Teresa Schultz, The Bible In Poetry,|(God) will always grant us wisdom when we ask. And when we seek Him and obey Him, He works all things out for our good.
Anthony Horowitz, Russian Roulette: The Story of an Assassin|She had all day every day to figure out some decent and satisfying way to live, and yet all she ever seemed to get for all her choices and all her freedom was more miserable. The autobiographer is almost forced to the conclusion that she pitied herself for being so free.
Stephen Richards, How to Get Everything You Can Imagine: Volume 1: How Mind Power Works|Things, events and people align and position themselves accordingly when a strong enough thought stirs them.
Vivienne Westwood|I'm obsessed with cheese and milk, but eliminating them from my diet made the biggest difference. In a month and a half, I lost 11 pounds just from not eating dairy, without doing anything else different, and that totally blew my mind.
Walt Disney Company|Think, Believe, Dream, and Dare.
Brooklyn Ann, Wynter's Bite|Her heart pounded in her throat as his head dipped lower and his lips brushed across hers.Heat exploded in her belly at the chaste kiss, every nerve ending singing with pleasure. Head swimming with dizziness, Bethany grasped his shoulders to keep from toppling off of the bench. Justus’s arms wrapped around her, pulling her against his firm chest, his lips caressing hers with intoxicating fervor.
Matt Long, The Long Run: One Man's Attempt to Regain His Athletic Career-And His Life-by Running the New York City Marathon|One hit, one moan of fractured air, one solid impact and the man went down.
Terry Pratchett, Carpe Jugulum|You say that you people don’t burn folk and sacrifice people anymore, but that’s what true faith would mean, y’see? Sacrificin’ your own life, one day at a time, to the flame, declarin’ the truth of it, workin’ for it, breathin’ the soul of it. That’s religion. Anything else is just . . . is just bein’ nice. And a way of keepin’ in touch with the neighbors.
RVM|If happiness always depended on what we had, then the richest would always be Glad, not Sad.-RVM
Abbie Hoffman, Steal This Book|But if you tell folks you're a college student, folks are so impressed. You can be a student in anything and not have to know anything. Just say toxicology or marine biokinesis, and the person you're talking to will change the subject to himself. If this doesn't work, mention the neural synapses of embryonic pigeons.
Mehmet Murat ildan, Award Winning Plays -2|Like a broken vase does not fear of breaking once more, my broken heart is not affected by your hurting words anymore!
Timothy J. Keller, The Reason for God: Belief in an Age of Skepticism|The Pelagianizing Romanist says, Lust, or concupiscence, brings forth sin, therefore it cannot be sin, because the mother cannot be the child. We reply, Concupiscence brings forth sin, therefore it must be sin, because child and mother must have the same nature. The grand sophism of Pelagianism is the assumption that sin is confined to acts, that guilty acts can be the product of innocent condition, that the effect can be sinful, yet the cause free from sin--that the unclean can be brought forth from the clean.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|I love round tables," said Magnus brightly. "They suit me so much better than square.
A.A. Milne, The House at Pooh Corner|No brain at all, some of them [people], only grey fluff that's blown into their heads by mistake, and they don't Think.
Tyconis D. Allison Ty|In chess, without the king, the other pieces would all be "dead", so their existance is supported by the king, but they need to serve the king with their capacity for action in order to have a good game.
James Avery Fuchs, Gasoline and Winter|Power belongs in the hands of love, not memories.
Kristina Adams, What Happens in New York|We all make mistakes. The more you punish yourself for them, the harder it is to live.
William A. Dembski|To establish evolutionary interrelatedness invariably requires exhibiting similarities between organisms. Within Darwinism, there's only one way to connect such similarities, and that's through descent with modification driven by the Darwinian mechanism. But within a design-theoretic framework, this possibility, though not precluded, is also not the only game in town. It's possible for descent with modification instead to be driven by telic processes inherent in nature (and thus by a form of design). Alternatively, it's possible that the similarities are not due to descent at all but result from a similarity of conception, just as designed objects like your TV, radio, and computer share common components because designers frequently recycle ideas and parts. Teasing apart the effects of intelligent and natural causation is one of the key questions confronting a design-theoretic research program. Unlike Darwinism, therefore, intelligent design has no immediate and easy answer to the question of common descent.Darwinists necessarily see this as a bad thing and as a regression to ignorance. From the design theorists' perspective, however, frank admissions of ignorance are much to be preferred to overconfident claims to knowledge that in the end cannot be adequately justified. Despite advertisements to the contrary, science is not a juggernaut that relentlessly pushes back the frontiers of knowledge. Rather, science is an interconnected web of theoretical and factual claims about the world that are constantly being revised and for which changes in one portion of the web can induce radical changes in another. In particular, science regularly confronts the problem of having to retract claims that it once confidently asserted.
Cristelle Comby, Blind Chess|It is of infinite moment, that you should properly estimate the immense value of your national Union to your collective and individual happiness; that you should cherish a cordial, habitual, and immovable attachment to it; accustoming yourselves to think and speak of it as of the Palladium of your political safety and prosperity; watching for its preservation with jealous anxiety; discountenancing whatever may suggest even a suspicion, that it can in any event be abandoned; and indignantly frowning upon the first dawning of every attempt to alienate any portion of our country from the rest, or to enfeeble the sacred ties which now link together the various parts.
Joyce Meyer|Individuals need to be willing to face truth about their attitudes, behaviors, even what we want out of life.
Bernhard Schlink|I hurt your feelings before. But then, I don’t think you were lacking in self-confidence. You must know that you’re beautiful. Your hair is so golden and you have the bearing of a young Venus. Kristen, it isn’t you. It’s me. I haven’t got any emotion left. I haven’t got what you need, what you want. Damn it, don’t you understand? I want you. I’m made out of flesh and blood and whatever else it is that God puts into men. I want you. Now. Hell, I could have wanted you right after I ripped another man away from you. I’m no better than he is, not really. Don’t you understand?
Jennifer Granholm|I could have made a fortune in cheeseburgers, but I finally chose politics.
Stanley R. Jaffe|In the next couple of years, part of every film's process is going to be to adjust the images. And it'll be to change the color of an actor's tie or change the little smirky thing he's doing with his mouth. Or you can put in more clouds or move the tree a little bit.
Sara Sheridan, The Pleasure Express|Sometimes you don’t even have to have sex at all, and for that kind of sicko, you charge double.
Denise Vasi|Thank God I never got in a fight. All of the jock dudes hated me, but all of their girlfriends thought I was nice so they wouldn't touch me. It was infuriating to them.
Andrea Cremer, The Inventor's Secret|We marched. Gates opened and closed. We continued to march between the barbed wire. At every step, white signs with black skulls looked down on us. The inscription: WARNING! DANGER OF DEATH. What irony. Was there here a single place where one was NOT in danger of death?
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Devotion is diligence without assurance. Faith is a way of saying, 'Yes, I pre-accept the terms of the universe and I am voicing in advance what I am presently incapable of understanding.' There is a reason that we refer to leaps-of-faith, because the decision to consent to any notion of divinity is a mighty jump from the rational over to the unknowable, and I don't care how diligently scholars of every religion will try to sit you down with their stacks of books and prove that their faith is rational; it isn't. If they were rational, it wouldn't be - by definition - faith. Faith is belief in what you cannot see or prove or touch. Faith is walking face first and full speed into the dark.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|So you should remember that, when you're thinking about what other people can deal with. Maybe it's not so bad.
Elie Wiesel|The driver, a black silhouette upon his box, whipped up his bony horses. Icy silence in the coach. Marius, motionless, his body braced in the corner of the carriage, his head dropping down upon his breast, his arms hanging, his legs rigid, appeared to await nothing now but a coffin; Jean Valjean seemed made of shadow, and Javert of stone.
Edward Hirsch|I know some people might think it odd - unworthy even - for me to have written a cookbook, but I make no apologies. The U.S. poet laureate Billy Collins thought I had demeaned myself by writing poetry for Hallmark Cards, but I am the people's poet so I write for the people.
Haggai Jeffers|If we marry we stay too poor to educate, and when we educate, it would be too late to enjoy the life.
Charles Stross, Singularity Sky|So I’m alone. I have no one. Is that what you’re telling me?” - Junco, Range (to be published April 2013)
EverSkeptic|The day you start trusting the people who think you are right, then the people who are actually right, you are on your way down.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|At dawn of light, all darkness disappears.
Jonathan Harnisch, Jonathan Harnisch: An Alibiography|How simple it is to acknowledge that all the worry in the world could not control the future. How simple it is to see that we can only be happy now, and that there will never be a time when it is not now.
Martin O'Malley|The Nobel Prize is worth $1.5 million, but that's not the issue. Do the distinguished scientists who win the Nobel Prize need the money? Probably not. The honor is more important the money, and that's the case with the prize for African leadership as well.
Anne Bishop|All libraries must submit to a certain order, I answered. Indeed, agreed the professor, or all will be lost. The fall of nations and empires begins with the fall of libraries.
Wendy Owens, Cursed|Crossing the small wooden bridge, just past the rubble, Gabe ducked off to the left and swooped underneath into hiding. Once sure he was secure, and could not be seen by those that passed overhead, Gabe collapsed on to the dirt and grass. Turning on his side, his body convulsed, and relieved itself of any food that had been in his belly. Rachel was right. He was a liability. Anyone who tried to protect him ended up paying a high price. He didn’t know if his old friends were dead, but he was certain whatever fate had found them must have been bad.
Roy H. Williams|Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships.
Lailah Gifty Akita|To my dear daughters, granddaughters, and all future brides, I thought it would be a wonderful tradition for each bride to write a little note and leave a legacy for those who come after her. How I wish my own mother had lived to see my wedding day and been present to share her wisdom!I make no pretense at being wise, but God is. The bible says we can ask for wisdom, and God will honor our request. As you consider marriage, first seek God's will and ask Him to direct your heart. Do not hasten to take your vows. Pause and reflect before you take such a momentous step, and be sure your mate honors God. A marriage is not just between a man and a woman--it is a holy union which must include the Lord to flourish.Ethan was God's gift to me. His patience, strength, and companionship were like a balm to my grief. We learned to work together and rely on one another until respect and affection sparked. Love came softly and grew in our hearts. How I thank God for bringing us together and blessing our union!Though hardships test us and extraordinary things thrill us, life is made up of mundane days. Love each other in the little, commonplace matters of life to strengthen your marriage, or it will wither from neglect. Appreciate what you have, and forgive as freely as you laugh.My darlings, my prayer is for you to make wise decisions of the heart--first in devoting your spirit to the Lord, then in giving your hand to a man. May each of you be blessed with a godly mate and know the joy of growing close together and growing old with him.
Sarah Rees Brennan, The Demon's Lexicon|My life was going to flash before my eyes, but it decided to hide behind my eyes and quake with terror instead.
Zora Neale Hurston|When the flower blooms, the bees come uninvited.
Lemony Snicket|The truth is that you can never be sure if you have decided on the right thing until the party is over, and by then it is too late to go back and change your mind, which is why the world is filled with people doing terrible things
N.K. Jemisin, The Obelisk Gate|Jija killed his own son for what a completely different person did, long before that son's birth. This, more than anything, helps her finally understand that there is no reasoning with her father's hatred.
Debasish Mridha|I've always found that the most beautiful people, truly beautiful inside and out, are those who are quietly unaware of their effect.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Scorpio Races|Somewhere close bye, a man is moaning; he's been trampled or thrown or bitten. He sounds resentful or surprised. Did no one tell him that pain lives in this sand, dug in and watered with our blood?
Rachael Wade, Amaranth|Don't start that again. It's not my fault you don't have any masculine aprons.""That's because aprons aren't masculine, genius.""Don't make me have you for dinner, princess.""Whatever, Betty Crocker. Knock yourself out.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|Mandy smiled cheerfully at an overweight kid in a gold sweater and pink skirt who was chasing her little brother around along the boardwalk. When she was that age, on sunny days she’d be out on the boardwalk with Jud and Wendy, buying rainbow sorbet from the ice cream shop and placing paper boats into the harbour. She felt like a ghost, drifting past the shell of her own childhood.
Latika Teotia|If you are convinced that the life style you are leading is right, if you are not coming in the way of others and not destabilizing or spoiling the peace of your neighborhood or the society then you don’t have to feel guilty. If some people criticize you for your living- style , don’t bother, remember you don’t have to respond to everyone and everything that others say, don’t feel guilty for ignoring them either.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Dandelions: The Disappearance of Annabelle Fancher|Dare to imagine. Dare to be. Books are the seeds. Dreams are the soil. The fruit of the harvest, a world reborn.
May Sarton|We have to dare to be ourselves, however frightening or strange that self may prove to be.
Natalie Ansard, The Sorceress from Beverly Hills|As the fireworks began to illuminate the sky above them, Blake and Veronica made love for the first time on Hideaway Hill.
Henri Nouwen|If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of.
Sunday Adelaja|Personal Responsibility is when a person sees a problem and refuses to be indifferent, but decides to rather look for ways and means of resolving the problem
Marina Keegan, The Opposite of Loneliness: Essays and Stories|They try to fight the waves, but they can’t fight the moon. They can’t fight the world’s rotation or the bathymetry of oceans or the inevitability that sometimes things just don’t work out.
Hillel first- century Jewish scholar|If not you, then who? If not now, when?
John Piper, Good News of Great Joy: Daily Readings for Advent|What is love for, if not to intensify our affections—both in life and death? But, O, do not be bitter. It is tragically self-destructiveto be bitter.
Morinosuke Kawaguchi, Geeky-Girly Innovation: A Japanese Subculturalist's Guide to Technology and Design|In Japan, so many emoticons have been created that it’s reasonable to assume Japanese appreciate their convenience more than anyone else.
Lech Walesa|We all grew up, our grandmothers and mothers had about three channels to watch, so we watched those soaps and now, a generation has grown up with the Internet and computers and video games.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Silmarillion|Last of all Hurin stood alone. Then he cast aside his shield, and wielded an axe two-handed; and it is sung that the axe smoked in the black blood of the troll-guard of Gothmog until it withered, and each time that he slew Hurin cried: 'Aure entuluva! Day shall come again!' Seventy times he uttered that cry; but they took him at last alive...
Daniel Saldaña París, En medio de extrañas víctimas|For her, marriage was a sweetened version of murder.
R.M. Ballantyne, The Island Queen: Dethroned by Fire and Water: A Tale of the Southern Hemisphere|It is of no use mincing the matter; Dr John Marsh, after being regarded by his friends at home as hopelessly unimpressible—in short, an absolute woman-hater—had found his fate on a desolate isle of the Southern seas, he had fallen—nay, let us be just—had jumped over head and ears in love with Pauline Rigonda! Dr Marsh was no sentimental die-away noodle who, half-ashamed, half-proud of his condition, displays it to the semi-contemptuous world. No; after disbelieving for many years in the power of woman to subdue him, he suddenly and manfully gave in—sprang up high into the air, spiritually, and so to speak, turning a sharp somersault, went headlong down deep into the flood, without the slightest intention of ever again returning to the surface.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The greater the challenge, the greater the grace of God.
Vanilla Ice|You watch stuff like 'The Real Housewives' and you start to think, 'We're all so vacuous! Is there any nobility to any of these people?' But then you look out into the world, and there are people who are doing cool stuff with their lives.
Lindsey Rietzsch, The Happy Lady|There is good all around us, but we get so used to it that we forget to celebrate it. The bad and unfortunate circumstances in our lives do not deserve all of our attention and energy. Remember to look for the good and to give that your full time and attention. It makes all the difference.
Eric    Weiner, The Geography of Bliss: One Grump's Search for the Happiest Places in the World|Rule number one: wear loose clothing. No Problem. Rule number two: no alcohol for the next three days. Slight problem. I'll miss my evening glass of wine but figure I can go for three days without and compensate later.And the last rule: absolutely no coffee or tea or caffeine of any kind.Big problem. This rule hits me like a sucker punch and sure would have knocked me to the floor had I not been sitting there already. I'm eying the exits, plotting my escape. I knew enlightenment came at a price, but i had no idea the price was this steep. A sense of real panic sets in. How am I going to survive for the next seventy-two hours without a single cup of coffee?
Brad Feld|Microsoft has had two goals in the last 10 years. One was to copy the Mac, and the other was to copy Lotus' success in the spreadsheet - basically, the applications business. And over the course of the last 10 years, Microsoft accomplished both of those goals. And now they are completely lost.
Edvard Munch|And my father didn't have money for me to go to college. And at that particular time they didn't have black quarterbacks, and I don't think I could have made it in basketball, because I was only 5' 11". So I just picked baseball.
David Lloyd|States are looking for low-cost solutions that will enable better communication, while avoiding the danger in which the chain of command breaks down in emergencies. We do not want everyone talking to everyone else all the time.
Meg Jay, The Defining Decade: Why Your Twenties Matter--And How to Make the Most of Them Now|What no one tells twentysomethings like Emma is that finally, and suddenly, they can pick their own families - they can create their own families - and these are the families that life will be about. These are the families that will define the decades ahead.
Paulo Coelho, Brida|When you find your path, you must not be afraid. You need to have sufficient courage to make mistakes. Disappointment, defeat, and despair are the tools God uses to show us the way.
Edmund Burke|Nobody, I think, ought to read poetry, or look at pictures or statues, who cannot find a great deal more in them than the poet or artist has actually expressed. Their highest merit is suggestiveness.
Julie Tetel Andresen|If I don't stay in and write, I feel like a prisoner.
Joe LaFlam, My Fear Lady|...heaven wouldn’t be like this earth, this tormented earth ruled by evil forces that tossed humanity to and fro like a slow clown in a two-bit rodeo.
Grover Cleveland|In a free society, government reflects the soul of its people. If people want change at the top, they will have to live in different ways. Our major social problems are not the cause of our decadence. They are a reflection of it.
H.G. Wells, The War of the Worlds|Suspicion leads to bias, and bias doesn't lead to truth.
Ben Goldacre, Bad Pharma: How Drug Companies Mislead Doctors and Harm Patients|What we're now starting to see, as online retailers begin to capitalize on their extraordinary economic efficiences, is the shape of a massive mountain of choice emerging where before there was just a peak.... By necessity, the conomics of traditional, hit-driven retail limit choice. When you dramatically lower the costs of connecting supply and demand, it changes not just the numbers, but the entire nature of the market. This is not just a quantiative change, but a qualitative one, too. Bringing niches within reach reveals latent demand for noncommercial content. Then, as demand shifts toward the niches, the economics of provided them improve further, and so on, creating a positive feedback loop that will transform entire industries - and the culture - for decades to come.
John Maiorana (oohGiovanni)|For true liberation, the only war we need to win is the war between presence and ego.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|Man’s mind is his basic tool of survival. Life is given to him, survival is not. His body is given to him, its sustenance is not. His mind is given to him, its content is not. To remain alive, he must act, and before he can act he must know the nature and purpose of his action...To remain alive, he must think.
Akshay Vasu|In the middle of the mayhem, you came and sang a song of melancholy. You promised a wildfire, but instead choked the light that was struggling hard for survival. Eventually when all the light went off. You left, complaining about the darkness.
Max Lerner|The man form is higher than the angel form; of all forms it is the highest. Man is the highest being in creation, because he aspires to freedom.
Mehmet Murat ildan|In reality, when you feel depressed, lonely, betrayed, or any unwanted feelings, this is an important moment on the spiritual path. This is when real transformation can take place.
Sheila Moon, Knee-Deep in Thunder|You have done well," Grandfather said. "We thank you.""We were afraid sometimes," Jetsam replied."Good." Grandfather's eyes smiled. "That means you had the courage to keep trying.
Leslie Austin|If I could create something that is even minutely close to a small percentile of a genius as Cloud Atlas, I shall deem my life worthy!
Israelmore Ayivor|Anytime you feel like you don't have any work to do, just look around. Look for what God had started doing and ask for his permission to assist him in doing it.
Floyd Mayweather, Jr.|I'm compared to my dad all the time, and I've learned to take it positively by working hard.
John Quincy Adams|If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
Gabriel García Márquez|The problem with marriage is that it ends every night after making love, and it must be rebuilt every morning before breakfast.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If man will understand the real essence of staying in the solitude with his Maker alone, he will never spend all his time with the crowd always
Christian D. Larson|When the mind becomes so completely absorbed in perfect health that all sickness is forgotten, all the powers of mind will proceed to create health, and every trace of sickness will soon disappear. When the mind becomes so completely absorbed in higher attainments and in greater achievements that all thought of failure is forgotten, all the forces of mind will begin to work for the promotion of those attainments and achievements. The person will be gaining ground every day, and greater success will positively follow.
Kelly Rowland|Almost all of our relationships begin and most of them continue as forms of mutual exploitation, a mental or physical barter, to be terminated when one or both parties run out of goods.
Alaska Gold, Growing Light|I need you to love me the same waythe moon orbits around the earth,without intention to stop."Confessing the heart
Cecil Castellucci, Boy Proof|I would never, never do anything unless I believed in it.
Ken Poirot|Anyone can smile for a photo, but who is still smiling after the selfie?
Brandon Sanderson, The Well of Ascension|In a way, she'd rather trust him and be wrong than deal with the worry of mistrust.
Anaïs Nin|How wrong is it for a woman to expect the man to build the world she wants, rather than to create it herself?
Tina Fey, Bossypants|Doing mistakes is as much a part of life as avoiding them. You may not get a second chance to do the same mistake, so, go on, give it a shot.
Neil Postman, Amusing Ourselves to Death: Public Discourse in the Age of Show Business|That’s the thing about the collapse of civilization, Blake. It never happens according to plan – there’s no slavering horde of zombies. No actinic flash of thermonuclear war. No Earth-shuddering asteroid. The end comes in unforeseen ways; the stock market collapses, and then the banks, and then there is no food in the supermarkets, or the communications system goes down completely and inevitably, and previously amiable co-workers find themselves wrestling over the last remaining cookie that someone brought in before all the madness began.
Jennifer Donnelly, Beauty and the Beast: Lost in a Book|We all make mistakes, the danger lies in letting those mistakes make us. Make us believe we can't put things right. Make us think there's no hope. Make us give up.
Joseph Kosinski|Trying to describe something musical is like dancing to architecture, it's really difficult.
Henry Rollins|I hate painting with a broad brush, but I think the birther thing, at its root, is racist. The guy was born in Hawaii. A black guy is president. It's cool. Get over it. Just deal with it. There's nothing you could show these birther people that would shut them up.
Marisa de los Santos, Belong to Me|I know how syrupy this sounds, how dull, provincial, and possibly whitewashed, but what can I do? Happy childhoods happen
Jaume Cabré|Every once in a while, large cities have narrow streets, silent passageways that allow your footsteps to echo in the stillness of the night, and it seems like everything is going back to the way it was, when there were only a few of us and we all knew each other and greeted each other on the street.
Abhysheq Shukla, KARMA|Everybody needs to be good-natured with a good heart, because in this way we can solve our own problems as well as those of others, and we can make our human life meaningful.
Timothy J. Keller, The Reason for God: Belief in an Age of Skepticism|He is a demon, Clarissa,” said Valentine, still in the same soft voice. “A demon with a man’s face. I know how deceptive such monsters can be. Remember, I spared him once myse
Stacy Keibler|Celebrities say they date other celebrities because they have the same job. But I think they just like dating famous people. Celebrities attract each other, like cattle.
Ashley N. Sauls, Morning Motivation: 31 Daily Devotions For Everyday Life|Our society puts more weight on success through acquisition of temporal things, but God requires us to long after those things that have an eternal value.
Hallie Lord, On the Other Side of Fear: How I Found Peace|Grace is loving people for who they are, where they are. It's loving people *before* they change, not just *after* they change. And that grace is the difference between holy and holier-than-thou. Holiness, in its purest form, is irresistible. That's why sinners couldn't be kept away from Jesus. Hypocrisy has the opposite effect. It's as repulsive to the irreligious as the Pharisees' religiosity was to Jesus.
Geoffrey Miller, The Mating Mind: How Sexual Choice Shaped the Evolution of Human Nature|Men write more books. Men give more lectures. Men ask more questions after lectures. Men post more e-mail to Internet discussion groups. To say this is due to patriarchy is to beg the question of the behavior's origin. If men control society, why don't they just shut up and enjoy their supposed prerogatives? The answer is obvious when you consider sexual competition: men can't be quiet because that would give other men a chance to show off verbally. Men often bully women into silence, but this is usually to make room for their own verbal display. If men were dominating public language just to maintain patriarchy, that would qualify as a puzzling example of evolutionary altruism—a costly, risky individual act that helps all of one's sexual competitors (other males) as much as oneself. The ocean of male language that confronts modern women in bookstores, television, newspapers, classrooms, parliaments, and businesses does not necessarily come from a male conspiracy to deny women their voice. It may come from an evolutionary history of sexual selection in which the male motivation to talk was vital to their reproduction.
David Morrell|You can't sweep other people off their feet, if you can't be swept off your own.
Debasish Mridha|Never think of hurting anyone else, if you do, you are already hurting yourself.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|He is himself again, more himself than at any time on this Earth." Nancy Reagan on her husband
Akash B Chandran|I can't explain why your name seems so familiar to me, or why it feels like I've heard your voice a thousand times before, but I can explain this ~ your the type of chaos Id bleed for.
Walter Dean Myers|We’re suggesting that [kids are] missing something if they don’t read but, actually, we’re condemning kids to a lesser life. If you had a sick patient, you would not try to entice them to take their medicine. You would tell them, ‘Take this or you’re going to die.’ We need to tell kids flat out: reading is not optional.
Billy Collins, The Apple that Astonished Paris|I can see the little girl, the face of the little girl. And as much as people say that they don't care about these people and all that, I don't care about these people - but I do, at the same time, if that makes any sense. They don't want to help themselves, they're blowing us up, yeah, that hurts, but it also hurts to know that I've seen a girl that's as old as my little brother watch me shoot somebody in the head. And I don't care if she's Iraqi, Korean, African, white - she's still a little girl. And she watched me shoot somebody.
Carol Rifka Brunt, Tell the Wolves I'm Home|I used to think maybe I wanted to become a falconer, and now I'm sure of it, because I need to figure out the secret. I need to work out how to keep things flying back to me instead of always flying away.
Henry Miller, Black Spring|Tomorrow you may bring about the destruction of your world. Tomorrow you may sing in Paradise above the smoking ruins of your world-cities. But tonight I would like to think of one man, a lone individual, a man without name or country, a man whom I respect because he has absolutely nothing in common with you - MYSELF. Tonight I shall meditate upon that which I am.
Aline Alzime|As Haw prepared to leave, he started to feel more alive, knowing that he was finally able to laugh at himself, let go and move on.
David Levithan, Dash & Lily's Book of Dares|I'm persnickety," I confessed. "Not, incidentally, to the point of being snarly. But still. Delightful and persnickety are not a common blend." "Do you want to know why I never married?" "The question wasn't at the top of my list," I admitted. The old woman made me meet her eye. "Listen to me; I never married because I was easily bored. It's an awful, self-defeating trait to have. It is much better to be too easily interested.
|What would you rather have, peace or freedom?
Joyce Carol Oates|Keep a light, hopeful heart. But ­expect the worst.
Rebecca Solnit, A Field Guide to Getting Lost|The word "lost" comes from the Old Norse "los," meaning the disbanding of an army, and this origin suggests soldiers falling out of formation to go home, a truce with the wide world. I worry now that many people never disband their armies, never go beyond what they know.
David Halberstam, The Powers That Be|Even in a hostile press conference with hostile questions there was drama, and he could benefit from the drama and the hostility. He mastered the greatest art of television, appearing to be spontaneous without in fact being spontaneous.
J. C. Watts|Marathon running, like golf, is a game for players, not winners. That is why Callaway sells golf clubs and Nike sells running shoes. But running is unique in that the world's best racers are on the same course, at the same time, as amateurs, who have as much chance of winning as your average weekend warrior would scoring a touchdown in the NFL.
Max McKeown, The Strategy Book|Strategy was first used in Athens (508 BC) to describe the art of leadership used by the ten generals on the war council. Some argue for the more creative, human side, while others argue for the more analytic side of strategy.
Marie-Helene Bertino, Safe as Houses|Love is fragile at best and often a burden or something that blinds us. It's fodder for poets and song writers and they build it into something beyond human capacity. Falling in love means enrolling yourself in the school of disappointment. Being human means failing each other often, and no two people fail each other more than two people who pledge to do things for each other that they'll never do because they are just incapable of it...That's why art is enduring. The look of love or hope, or the look of compassion, bravery, whatever, is captured forever. We spend our lives trying to get someone to be as enduring as a painting or a sculpture and we can't because feelings crumble as quickly as the flesh.
Red Haircrow|You don't even know what loyalty means.""The hell I don't! Ciena, if I weren't loyal to you, would I be here?
W. Somerset Maugham, The Razor's Edge|Nothing in the world is permanent, and we’re foolish when we ask anything to last, but surely we’re still more foolish not to take delight in it while we have it. If change is of the essence of existence one would have thought it only sensible to make it the premise of our philosophy.
Stendhal, The Red and the Black|Mathilde made an effort to use the more intimate form; she was evidently more attentive to this unusual way of speaking than to what she was saying. This use of the singular form, stripped of the tone of affection, ceased, after a moment, to afford Julien any pleasure, he was astonished at the absence of happiness; finally, in order to feel it, he had recourse to his reason. He saw himself highly esteemed by this girl who was so proud, and never bestowed unrestricted praise; by this line of reasoning he arrived at a gratification of his self-esteem.
Cambria Hebert, #Hater|But men may construe things after their fashion, Clean from the purpose of the things themselves.
Jack Campbell, The Hidden Masters of Marandur|You can’t put a limit on anything. The more you dream, the farther you get.
Nancy B. Brewer, Beyond Sandy Ridge|Oh, she's still here;she's just not as pretty... anymore.
Jennifer Echols, Endless Summer|it´s just...today has really sucked, and when you´re around stuff doesn´t seem so crappy - Will
Mark      Miller, The Heart of Leadership: Becoming a Leader People Want to Follow|I have been blessed with luck, talent and opportunities, now it is my duty to add the hardworking element.
David Graeber, Debt: The First 5,000 Years|Thomas Jefferson, that owner of many slaves, chose to begin the Declaration of Independence by directly contradicting the moral basis of slavery, writing "we hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, and that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable Rights ..." thus undercutting simultaneously any argument that Africans were racially inferior, and also that they or their ancestors could ever have been justly and legally deprived of their freedom. In doing so, however, he did not propose some radically new conception of rights and liberties. Neither have subsequent political philosophers. For the most part, we've just kept the old ones, but with the word "not" inserted here and there. Most of our most precious rights and freedoms are a series of exceptions to an overall moral and legal framework that suggests we shouldn't really have them in the first place.
Scott Stabile|a wish... that we may, each of us, with utter regularity, melt into the truth of our inescapable beauty.
Rick Riordan|if he goes and dies on me now, I know I'll go completely insane.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you are able to forget yourself, you will know you would not be forgotten!
John Boyega|I never cared about making one coherent masterpiece with a conventional narrative. I always wanted my movies to have images falling from all directions in a vaudevillian way. If you didn't like what was happening in one scene, you could just snooze through it until the next scene.
Barry Ritholtz|In my memoir, I admit that I've been as fearful of success as of failure. In fact, when 'Passages' was published, I so dreaded bad reviews that I ran away to Italy with a girlfriend and our children to hide out.
Paul Celan, Glottal Stop|With wine and being lost, withless and less of both:I rode through the snow, do you read meI rode God far--I rode Godnear, he sang,it wasour last ride overthe hurdled humans.They cowered whenthey heard usoverhead, theywrote, theylied our neighinginto one of theirimage-ridden languages.
Jane Washington, Jaymin Eve|If there's one thing I've learned in my eighteen life-cycles, it's that the most special moments--the most magical pockets of out existence--are always going to be the parts of us that the rest of the world won't understand.
Thomas C. Oden, Guilt Free|Does biblical psychology, then, merely ask us to value good things a little less? Does the Bible seek a reduction of guilt by an overall deflation of the currency of moral ideals, so we can live more comfortably with an uneasy conscience? That would exaggerate a valid point. Although the Bible holds that no finite relationship is of infinite value, it does not embrace an extreme ascetic view that the source of happiness lies essentially in the reduction of desire. Some ascetic strategies try to diminish desire and reduce all valuing so as not to allow any loss to become an overwhelming disappointment. According to this view, the less one values created goods, the happier one is.In contrast, life-affirming Christianity hopes that love, desire, and appreciation of limited values can be increased or decreased to the measure of their real proportional value. Jesus does not call for a stark reduction of all finite valuing merely as a preventative measure against disappointment. He calls for a love of good things with an awareness that they exist within the boundaries of birth and death, and are therefore under the judgment of the giver and source of all value (Matt. 6:19-21).
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|I could not have asked for a better friends or a better life, but there’s a nasty trick about living. It happens at its own pace and in its own way and you never, never know what’s coming next. So you keep running and running to keep up with it and most people get tired. Others don’t get tired. They just get overtaken by the road.
Zayn Malik|This is for girls who have the tendency to stay up at night listening to music that reminds them of their current situation. Who hide their fears, hurt, pain and tears under the smiles, laughs and giggles on a daily basis. The girls who wear their heart on their sleeve. The girls who pray that things will work out just once and they'll be satisfied. The girls who sceam and cry to their pillows because everyone else fails to listen. The girls who have so many secrets but wont tell a soul. The girls who have mistakes and regrets as a daily moral. The girls that never win. The girls that stay up all night thinking about that one boy and hoping that he'll notice her one day. The girls who take life as it comes, to the girls who are hoping that it'll get better somewhere down the road. For the girls who love with all their heart although it always gets broken. To girls who think it's over. To real girls, to all girls: You're beautiful.
Harper Fox, Brothers of the Wild North Sea|Beyond all of those places, here they would be. He pressed tighter into Fen's embrace. This place had forever in it. Time couldn't end it, nor even the limits of life. Not distance—not even the wastes of the wild North Sea.
David O. Selznick|I have a good house for hosting, so we had the barbecues, and some of the guys over for Thanksgiving, even Christmas.
T. C. Boyle|51st State was one that I loved doing because the character was so out there, and in a way I was sad to leave the character behind. I'm afraid I could never be that cool in real life!
Anne Rice|I know it's practical for career women, but sneakers with suits? Jesus couldn't possibly weep harder than I did.
Dick Gregory|In the practical art of war, the best thing of all is to take the enemy's country whole and intact; to shatter and destroy it is not so good.
Anne Sexton|I’d won the worldbut like aforsaken explorer,I’d lostmy map.
Erica Bauermeister, The School of Essential Ingredients|The majority of people dismiss those things that lie beyond the bounds of their own understanding as absurd and not worth thinking about. I myself can only wish that my stories were, indeed, nothing but incredible fabrications. I have stayed alive all these years clinging to the frail hope that these memories of mine were nothing but a dream or a delusion. I have struggled to convince myself that they never happened. But each time I tried to push them into the dark, they came back stronger and more vivid than ever. Like cancer cells, these memories have taken root in my mind and eaten into my flesh.
Olympia Snowe|Here on Earth, we've found organisms that thrive in environmental conditions we would have once thought uninhabitable. The presence of these extremophiles suggests that life could potentially take hold on worlds other than our own.
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster|Sonnet LXXXI And now you're mine. Rest with your dream in my dream. Love and pain and work should all sleep, now. The night turns on its invisible wheels, and you are pure beside me as a sleeping ember. No one else, Love, will sleep in my dreams. You will go, we will go together, over the waters of time. No one else will travel through the shadows with me, only you, evergreen, ever sun, ever moon. Your hands have already opened their delicate fists and let their soft drifting signs drop away; your eyes closed like two gray wings, and I move after, following the folding water you carry, that carries me away. The night, the world, the wind spin out their destiny. Without you, I am your dream, only that, and that is all.
Charlotte Shane, Prostitute Laundry|The great delusion of men everywhere, that their disregard for other people makes them interesting
Curtis Sittenfeld, Eligible|There's a belief that to take care of someone else, or to let someone else take care of you - that both are inherently unfeminist. i don't agree. There's no shame in devoting yourself to another person, as long as he devotes himself to you in return
Jiddu Krishnamurti|You cannot reconcile creativeness with technical achievement. You may be perfect in playing the piano, and not be creative. You may be able to handle color, to put paint on canvas most cleverly, and not be a creative painter...having lost the song, we pursue the singer. We learn from the singer the technique of song, but there is no song; and I say the song is essential, the joy of singing is essential. When the joy is there, the technique can be built up from nothing; you will invent your own technique, you won't have to study elocution or style. When you have, you see, and the very seeing of beauty is an art.
Garth Nix, Abhorsen|Maybe if I act well enough, I'll come to believe it myself.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|During my first few weeks in Italy, all my Protestant synapses were zinging in distress, looking for a task. I wanted to take on pleasure like a homework assignment, or a giant science fair project.
Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance|We stood as the ground shifted and we saw the view from belowthrough tiled floors  and concrete stairs, our feet burning holes in the foundation while you whispered of dreams.
Md. Ziaul Haque|Don't criticize me because of what I write, because for all you know, I could be right!
Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio|Philosophy cannot be extinguished, though men will try ... The spirit seeks the light, that is its nature. It wishes to return to its origin, and must forever try to reach enlightenment.
Gavin Mills, Seed of Reason|When there is nothing left to love for, it's easy to die for something.
Chris Pine|The mortal mind alone cannot devise an answer to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, because the true answer lies on a level of consciousness that's beyond our mortal thinking. Quite simply, when it comes to Israel and the Palestinians, we need a miracle.
Muhammad Ali Jinnah|You have to stand guard over the development and maintenance of Islamic democracy, Islamic social justice and the equality of manhood in your own native soil.
|Success is always sweeter when it is earned the right way. Therefore, you would be deceiving yourself if you ever take pride in using people for what you could get from them.
Richard Dawkins|I waited in vain for someone like me to stand up and say that the only thing those of us who don't believe in god have to believe is in other people and that New York City is the best place there ever was for a godless person to practice her moral code. I think it has to do with the crowded sidewalks and subways. Walking to and from the hardware store requires the push and pull of selfishness and selflessness, taking turns between getting out of someone's way and them getting out of yours, waiting for a dog to move, helping a stroller up steps, protecting the eyes from runaway umbrellas. Walking in New York is a battle of the wills, a balance of aggression and kindness. I'm not saying it's always easy. The occasional "Watch where you're going, bitch" can, I admit, put a crimp in one's day. But I believe all that choreography has made me a better person. The other day, in the subway at 5:30, I was crammed into my sweaty, crabby fellow citizens, and I kept whispering under my breath "we the people, we the people" over and over again, reminding myself we're all in this together and they had as much right - exactly as much right - as I to be in the muggy underground on their way to wherever they were on their way to.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Why ships won't use roads, is why cars won't travel on oceans. When the position is wrong, the leader won't be right.
Charles Martin, Where the River Ends|In the history of mankind, no single person yet has learned to swim by having the strokes explained. At some point, they dive in.
Stephen King, The Long Walk|They're animals, all right. But why are you so goddam sure that makes us human beings?
Roberto Bolaño, 2666|Ivanov's fear was of a literary nature. That is, it was the fear that afflicts most citizens who, one fine (or dark) day, choose to make the practice of writing, and especially the practice of fiction writing, an integral part of their lives. Fear of being no good. Also fear of being overlooked. But above all, fear of being no good. Fear that one's efforts and striving will come to nothing. Fear of the step that leaves no trace. Fear of the forces of chance and nature that wipe away shallow prints. Fear of dining alone and unnoticed. Fear of going unrecognized. Fear of failure and making a spectacle of oneself. But above all, fear of being no good. Fear of forever dwelling in the hell of bad writers.
Mary Oliver, Dog Songs|The whole horror of the situation is that he now has a human heart, not a dog's heart. And about the rottenest heart in all creation!
Robert Fulghum, All I Really Need to Know I Learned in Kindergarten|Practice giving things away, not just things you don't care about, but things you do like. Remember, it is not the size of a gift, it is its quality and the amount of mental attachment you overcome that count. So don't bankrupt yourself on a momentary positive impulse, only to regret it later. Give thought to giving. Give small things, carefully, and observe the mental processes going along with the act of releasing the little thing you liked. (53)(Quote is actually Robert A F Thurman but Huston Smith, who only wrote the introduction to my edition, seems to be given full credit for this text.)
John Edgar Wideman|Kids use words in ways that release hidden meanings, revel the history buried in sounds. They haven't forgotten that words can be more than signs, that words have magic, the power to be things, to point to themselves and materialize. With their back-formations, archaisms, their tendency to play the music in words--rhythm, rhyme, alliteration, repetition--children peel the skin from language. Words become incantatory. Open Sesame. Abracadabra. Perhaps a child will remember the word and will bring the walls tumbling down.
Augustus Hare|I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today!
Ron Baratono|No matter how long grave acts tarry in their conceal places, light always move in on them.
Charlotte Eriksson|It could have been so beautiful.The way I learned and got free and swore to never love another person ever againand it could have been so beautiful,the way I actually did.
Emily Uraih|Some may say I did not write well...but no one can say I did not write...that is all that matters. One must attempt the things they desire and in the attempt, master their fear of failure for the only definitive failure is to never try.
José Saramago|Perhaps it is the language that chooses the writers it needs, making use of them so that each might express a tiny part of what it is.
Emily Bazelon, Sticks and Stones: Defeating the Culture of Bullying and Rediscovering the Power of Character and Empathy|The No. 1 most credible source of [online] recommendations is YouTube,” Rand says. “But a friend liking a brand page and sharing that is now considered the second-most prominent form of recommendation, and third is online brand reviews.
L.M. Montgomery, The Blue Castle|If you can sit in silence with a person for half an hour and yet be entirely comfortable, you and that person can be friends. If you cannot, friends you'll never be and you need not waste time in trying.
Mirza Ghulam Ahmad|In the deepest, most central place of our being, we don't want to cross God and our not wanting to is the beginning of wisdom.
Benjamin Franklin|Treat 'em like dogs, and you'll have dogs' works and dogs' actions. Treat 'em like men, and you'll have men's works.
Mary Kubica, Pretty Baby|The atmosphere of the place soothed her automatically; the rich lantern lights, the sheer scent of paper and leather, and the fact that everywhere she looked, there were books, books, beautiful books.
Richard Powers|She saw how the mind makes forever, in order to store the things it had already lost.
Debasish Mridha|When the moon kisses the stas in the silence with her lights of love, my heart dances with ecstasy and beauty of life.
Mark NIV|Modern Christianity, in dramatic reversal of its biblical form, promises to relieve the pain of living in a fallen world. Then message, whether it’s from fundamentalists requiring us to live by a favored set of rules or from charismatics urging a deeper surrender to the Spirit’s power, is too often the same: The promise of bliss is for now! Complete satisfaction can be ours this side of heaven. Some speak of the joys of fellowship and obedience, others of a rich awareness of their value and worth. The language may be reassuringly biblical or it may reflect the influence of current psychological thought. Either way, the point of living the Christian life has shifted from knowing and serving Christ till He returns to soothing, or at least learning to ignore, the ache in our soul.
Piet Hein|Luck was fine and well, but I didn't need it. I had a plan.
Jill Telford|Sticks and stones may break your bones but words will never hurt. Lies. Words hurt. The words we remember. Well, the hurt feeling the words caused stays with us forever.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|Then the dwarves forgot their joy and their confident boasts of a moment before and cowered down in fright. Smaug was still to be reckoned with. It does not do to leave a live dragon out of your calculations, if you live near him.
A.P. Sweet, dead, but dreaming|And like my comrades, I too have tasted the bittersweet assurance that I would be okay with myself. And like so many others out there, I have given that dream away to the wind and its power over the trees.
Debasish Mridha|A friend is he who can feel you, adore you, understand you, and never leave you.
Jack Abramoff|I actually don't have a view on whether someone watching certain material that may be legal in some places, but might be obscene to somebody else, can trigger a violent streak in someone.
George MacDonald, Weighed and Wanting|There is little hope of the repentance and redemption of certain some until they have committed one or another of the many wrong things of which they are daily, through a course of unrestrained selfishness, becoming more and more capable.
Orson Scott Card|You're like, both like, Alexander the Great.'We can't both be Alexander.'Well sometimes I think you're two side of the same coin, and I'm the metal in between.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|I suppose [my life] has most resembled a blue chip stock: fairly stable, more ups than downs, and gradually trending upward over time. A good buy, a lucky buy, and I've learned that not everyone can say that about his life.
William Penn|Music is a language - and language, at its finest, should be music.
James L. Sutter, Death's Heretic|A man without reason is no better than a mad dog, and mad dogs must be put down for the good of everyone.
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|Fear exists before and after, but not while the shots are being fired, because, at that moment, you see men at their very limit, capable of the most heroic of actions and the most inhumane.
John Schaar|The future is not some place we are going to, but one we are creating. The paths to it are not found but made.
Conrad Hilton|The keys to brand success are self-definition, transparency, authenticity and accountability.
Al Álvarez|When there is no peril in the fight, there is no glory in the triumph.
Lisa Lutz|If you haven't said 'I love you' to someone today, do it. You won't always be happy, but you should try to be. Don't be too afraid of germs. Those people have no fun. Remember to look around sometimes. You might see something you haven't seen before or at the very least avoid being hit by a flying object. Speaking of flying objects, don't spend your life looking for extraterrestrial life, unless you work for NASA. Remember that you always have to cooperate with someone. Life is an endless negotiation. Play fair. Stay out of jail. Don't live in the past. Eat breakfast. It really is the most important meal of the day. Try to make new friends, even when you think you're too old to do that. ...And finally, remember this" 'Yes' is always a better work than 'no'. Unless, of course, someone has just asked you to commit a felony.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Subtle persecution may happen to you in your office, school, or social gathering. You may not be “with it,” or be “one of the crowd.” No suffering that the Christian endures for Christ is ever in vain.
Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes|Said the pot to die kettle  "Get away  blackface."
Ana M Frith|BE LIMITLESS, CHANGE YOUR LIFE,UNFOLD YOUR POTENTIAL,BECOME YOUR OWN LIGHT,ABILITY OF POSSIBILITY.Ana Maria Frith, Limitless Change Your Life Book
Dennis Wheatley, The Devil Rides Out|Take that absurd fool Elipas Levi who was supposed to be the Grand High Whatnot in Victorian times. Did you ever read his book, The Doctrine and Ritual of Magic? In his introduction he professes that he is going to tell you all about the game and that he’s written a really practical book, by the aid of which anybody who likes can raise the devil, and perform all sorts of monkey tricks. He drools on for hundreds of pages about fiery swords and tetragrams and the terrible aqua poffana, but does he tell you anything? Not a blessed thing. Once it comes to a showdown he hedges like the crook he was and tells you that such mysteries are far too terrible and dangerous to be entrusted to the profane. Mysterious balderdash my friend. I’m going to have a good strong nightcap and go to bed.
Haruki Murakami, 1Q84 BOOK 1|The moon can never breathe, but it can take our breath away with the beauty of its cold, arid orb.
Missy Elliott|If there is no criticism, you become lazy. But it should be constructive, and it should be the truth. If it's biased and there's no truth in it, then I don't care about it. If it's true, it helps me grow.
George Papandreou|All too often arrogance accompanies strength, and we must never assume that justice is on the side of the strong. The use of power must always be accompanied by moral choice.
Mark LaMoure, Step into Your Vision 2.0: 24 Inspirational Leaders Share Their Goal-Setting Secrets|You are the author of your success, daily writing a new page to the book of your life. Everyday you live, you write another page of success for your life. Practice at becoming an excellent person step-by-step, at what you want. Rome wasn't build in day, so have patience as you build your life of confidence and success.
Anthony Antek| I write for the beauty of the printed word"from PREFACE to BIPOLAR BUFFALO
Annie Barrows, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society|It suddenly struck me that Dawsey is a lonesome person. I think it may be that he has always been lonely, but he didn't mind before, and now he minds.
Jodi Picoult, Keeping Faith|Children are supposed to go to school, play on swing sets, skin their knees.
George Eliot|I'm not yet defeated, just waiting for my next turn to throw the dice again.
Bronnie Ware, The Top Five Regrets of the Dying: A Life Transformed by the Dearly Departing|OtherwiseI got out of bed on two strong legs. It might have been otherwise. I ate cereal, sweet milk, ripe, flawless peach. It might have been otherwise. I took the dog uphill to the birch wood. All morning I did the work I love.At noon I lay down with my mate. It might have been otherwise. We ate dinner together at a table with silver candlesticks. It might have been otherwise. I slept in a bed in a room with paintings on the walls, and planned another day just like this day. But one day, I know, it will be otherwise.
Stephanie Nielson, Heaven Is Here: An Incredible Story of Hope, Triumph, and Everyday Joy|Let me tell you something, honey. Fifty percent of life is others trying to push their own agenda on you—their belief system, their views, their convictions. The other fifty percent is you deciding whether or not you’re going to let them. Or if you’re going to form your own opinions.-Miss Velma
Lynn Austin, Pilgrimage: My Journey to a Deeper Faith in the Land Where Jesus Walked|Depression, I've learned, is sometimes caused by anger that we keep locked up inside.
Richard Russo, Empire Falls|Just why it should have happened, or why it should have happened just when it did, he could not, of course, possibly have said; nor perhaps could it even have occurred to him to ask. The thing was above all a secret, something to be preciously concealed from Mother and Father; and to that very fact it owed an enormous part of its deliciousness. It was like a peculiarly beautiful trinket to be carried unmentioned in one's trouser-pocket - a rare stamp, an old coin, a few tiny gold links found trodden out of shape on the path in the park, a pebble of carnelian, a sea shell distinguishable from all others by an unusual spot or stripe-and, as if it were anyone of these, he carried around with him everywhere a warm and persistent and increasingly beautiful sense of possession. Nor was it only a sense of possession - it was also a sense of protection. It was as if, in some delightful way, his secret gave him a fortress, a wall behind which he could retreat into heavenly seclusion.("Silent Snow, Secret Snow")
Ryszard Kapuściński, Imperium|There is something in this January Siberian landscape that overpowers, oppresses, stuns. Above all, it is its enormity, its boundlessness, its oceanic limitlessness. The earth has no end here; the world has no end. Man is no created for such measureless. For him a comfortable, palpable, serviceable measure is the measure of his village, his field, street, house. At sea, the size of the ship's deck will be such a measure. Man is created for the kind of space that he can traverse at one try, with a single effort.
Dennis Merritt Jones, Your Redefining Moments: Becoming Who You Were Born to Be|It is clear we exist in an abundant living Universe that knows no restriction—only the impulse to eternally expand with no limits or boundaries, perpetually becoming more of what it is and can ever be—star-stuff . . . Life, pushing out by creating light and matter from within itself, shaping and giving form to itself, exquisitely clothing itself in an infinite and unique number of ways.
Laurie Notaro, The Idiot Girls' Action-Adventure Club: True Tales from a Magnificent and Clumsy Life|Talking about unpleasant things during a meal is not good for digestion, not good for health.
Walter Lippmann|All that alcohol does for them is to liberate the sense of sin, which reason suppresses in saner moments.
Nicole  Lyons|And that is the nature of us poets and whores, to make things hard: dicks, choices... life.
Christopher Poindexter|Not only didI love her,but I could tellthe universe lovedher, too.More than others.She was different.After all; I wouldbe a fool not tonotice the way thesunshine played withher hair.
Vivian Amis|Knowing the Truth is not based on knowledge, but on being "it".
Rivers Cuomo|Sometimes just being on a beach with my loved ones is all the adventure I need. I am a happy camper and continue to be a citizen of the world. I have yet to discover other cultures, other peoples' dreams and treasures. I will always be a traveler who is discovering beautiful Gaia.
Amanda Maxlyn, What's Left of Me|We’re not dead yet, so don’t talk to us like we’re about to be.
George Pendle, Death: A Life|Feathers!" spluttered Sargatanas. "Feathers are for the birds, my boy. Flaking, peeling, scale-ridden wings, now that's what real beings wear. I'll tell you a secret." He said, and drew me closer. "The eternal pain at having known Paradise and lost it is priceless. I wouldn't swap it for anything.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Impossible Is Stupid|There's a difference between waiting with patient expectation, and waiting because you never know what God will do. If you don't know how God thinks or what God wants to do in your life, read the Bible. When you know what God wants you to do, go out there and do it and see God work his wonderful mission through you.The whole time you thought you were waiting on God, but the whole time God was WAITING ON YOU.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|At the root of every form of ungodliness, injustice, nepotism, selfishness, every rivalry and competitive jealousy, is the monster called greed.
Guillermo del Toro|The discovery of the horror tale at an early age was fortuitous for me. This sort of tale serves, in many ways, the very same purpose as fairy tales did in our childhood. It operates as a theater of the mind in which internal conflicts are played out. In these tales we can parade the most reprehensible aspects of our being: cannibalism, incest, parricide. It allows us to discuss our anxieties and even to contemplate the experience of death in absolute safety.And again, like a fairy tale, horror can serve as a liberating or repressive social tool, and it is always an accurate reflection of the social climate of its time and the place where it gets birthed.
Laurence Gonzales, Flight 232: A Story of Disaster and Survival|As he walked along the runway, he came upon a United Airlines pilot. “He tried to sit up,” Martz said. “I saw a huge triangular hole in his forehead and I told him to just lie still and that help was on the way, but it was too late for him.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Teach me to sing and recite,To whistle and jingle and strum.Teach me to color and paint,To sculpt and weave and create.Teach me to sway and dance,To tap and leap and twirl.Teach me to laugh and giggle,To tickle and play and pretend.Teach me that life is beautiful.
Kevin Spacey|When I was in college, my graduation thesis was called 'Female Directors.' I interviewed all of the important female directors from Mexico. There were four. That was it.
Amy Harmon, From Sand and Ash|Life is like a long note; it persists without variance, without wavering. There is no cessation in sound or pause in tempo. It continues on, and we must master it or it will master us.
James     Baldwin, Giovanni's Room|I don’t need anyone else to distract me from myself anymore, like I always thought I would.
Will Cuppy|We all make mistakes, but intelligence enables us to do it on purpose.
Orhan Pamuk|Be loyal to those who are loyal to you. And respect everyone, even your enemies and competition.
William Halsey|War should be the only study of a prince. He should consider peace only as a breathing-time, which gives him leisure to contrive, and furnishes as ability to execute, military plans.
Raheel Farooq|Whenever we think, we construct a world that is centred upon the object of our thinking; whenever we act, we reconstruct a world that is centred upon ourselves.
Tami Hoag, Prior Bad Acts|He shook his head at himself as he walked out into the night. For guys, life was nothing but one big pissing contest. It was a pure damn wonder women didn't take over the world while men were busy trying to prove who had the biggest dick.
George F. Kennan|My grandfather was Jacques Cousteau, a pioneer of ocean exploration and the co-inventor of scuba diving. Back in the 1940s when he tested out his invention which allowed humans to swim freely in the ocean with a portable air source for the first time in history, very little of the ocean had been explored let alone captured on film.
Wilhelm Wundt|Measuring success in cultural diplomacy - the use of education, creative expression in any form, or people-to-people exchange to increase understanding across regions, cultures, or peoples - is challenging. How does one quantify changes in attitude, abandoning stereotypes, or feeling empathy as a result of a performance, a film, a book?
Alison Golden, The Modern No-Nonsense Guide to Paleo: Develop Your Skills to Lose Weight, Gain Energy and Take Back Your Health|You’re being nicer to me than I've been to you lately," I said."Yes, I am. But then, Hitler was nicer to Poland than you've been to me lately.
Solita|What was the barn like before it was photographed?' he said. 'What did it look like, how was it different from other barns, how was it similar to other barns? We can't answer these questions because we've read the signs, seen the people snapping the pictures. We can't get outside the aura. We're part of the aura. We're here, we're now.
Cornel West, Democracy Matters: Winning the Fight Against Imperialism|Beauty can make a woman rich, but if she relies solely on her looks to get by, she'll always remain under a man's thumb.
Sanhita Baruah|I, sometimes, fear that probably I'll just keep changing cities, and may be someday I'll also travel the world, but never find another soul who thinks exactly the way I do.
Chris Cornell|Music has always been my protection against the world, from a very young age. I feel safe inside of a jam.
Garcilaso de la Vega, Royal Commentaries of the Incas and General History of Peru, Part One|I never saw quite so wretched an example of what a sea-faring life can do: but to a degree, I know it is the same with them all; they are all knocked about, and exposed to every climate, and every weather, till they are not fit to be seen. It is a pity they are not knocked on the head at once, before they reach Admiral Baldwin's age.
Jill Shalvis, My Kind of Wonderful|You are the reason my heart beats. Your love is my lifeline, and I'm not about to give it up - not now - not ever!
Sneha Ameya|If personality expresses itself by acts of discrimination, and discrimination, besides being taboo, has no material to work on, what becomes of personality? It shrinks, it atrophies, it dies.
V.C. Andrews, Flowers in the Attic|Then turn your eyes back on me,and tell me that Cathy and I are still children to be treated with condescension, and are incapable of understanding adult subjects. We haven'tremained idle, twiddling our thumbs while you were off having a good time.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|Out of the current confusion of ideals and and confounding of career hopes, a calm recognition may yet emerge that productive labor is the foundation of all prosperity.
Gail Godwin|There are two kinds of people. One kind, you can just tell by looking at them at what point they congealed into their final selves. It might be a very nice self, but you know you can expect no more suprises from it. Whereas, the other kind keep moving, changing... They are fluid. They keep moving forward and making new trysts with life, and the motion of it keeps them young. In my opinion, they are the only people who are still alive. You must be constantly on your guard against congealing.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|There are people who bring joy to our lives, but who fail to make us happy. They are the people for the moment. Never rely on their love because it is not sustainable. Their love is alike a comet that illuminates the sky, but then fades away because it lacks the sustainable energy of the sun.
Turcois Ominek|I believe the difficulty that lies in growth, is the struggle of letting go of all you know to learn about the unknown. When in all actuality the unknown that you're learning about is yourself.
Mehmet Murat ildan|To enter the land of wisdom, firstly start changing the angles you look at the things!
Stanley Victor Paskavich, Stantasyland: Quips Quotes and Quandaries|When we worry, we are telling God, "You are neither trustworthy nor in control, so I need to worry and scheme as I take matters into my own hands." In this way unbelief drives worry, for it is impossible to worry when we are trusting in the provision of our sovereign God.
Kevin Whately|Divorced from the cosmos, from nature, from society and from each other, we have become fractured and fragmented.
Philippa Gregory, The Queen's Fool|She (the First Lady, entering the room with her gravely wounded husband) would admit fear but not despair.
Jason Aaron, The Goddamned, Vol. 1: Before the Flood|Little Ann," he calledI spun back, and my heart was crushed by the regret on his face. His arms were crossed. "Don't change too much." With that he looked away, and the manager directed me to the exit.
William J. Bennett, From a World at War to the Triumph of Freedom 1914-1989|Eisenhower has been much criticized for his failure publicly to endorse the Court's decision. But he felt that doing so would set an undesirable precedent. If a president endorsed decisions he agreed with, might he feel compelled to oppose decisions he did not agree with? And what would that do to the rule of law? "The Supreme Court has spoken and I am sworn to uphold ... the constitutional processes.... I will obey."3
Dave Barry, Dave Barry's Guide to Life|Nonetheless, we experience a sense of freedom when we feel that we have the ability to make choices and satisfy our primal instincts.
Primo Levi, If Not Now, When?|The sea of grief has no shores, no bottom; no one can sound its depths.
Nathaniel Hawthorne|Poetry is a form of mathematics, a highly rigorous relationship with words.
Mark Twain|Since man always remains free and since his freedom is always fragile, the kingdom of good will never be definitively established in this world. Anyone who promises the better world that is guaranteed to last forever is making a false promise; he is overlooking human freedom. Freedom must be constantly won over for the cause of good. Free assent to the good never exists simply by itself. If there were structures which could irrevocably guarantee a determined and good state of the world, man's freedom would be denied, and hence they would not be good structures at all.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic|I got amazing training both with Theatre Sports... back in Edmonton, Alberta - I can't give those people enough credit - and the daytime drama I did. Incredible training, both of them.
Melyssa Winchester, Holding on to Heaven|It was a moment before she replied. And in that moment, she realized that what was gone from her was the child in her, she'd crossed a brink from which there was no turning back. Whoever she had been, she was not anymore. And her life, for better or worse, would never again be what it had.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|The Internet gives us everything and forces us to filter it not by the workings of culture, but with our own brains. This risks creating six billion separate encyclopedias, which would prevent any common understanding whatsoever.
Charles Dickens, Bleak House|Socrates tried to soothe us, true enough. He said there were only two possibilities. Either the soul is immortal or, after death, things would be again as blank as they were before we were born. This is not absolutely comforting either. Anyway it was natural that theology and philosophy should take the deepest interest in this. They owe it to us not to be boring themselves. On this obligation they don’t always make good. However, Kierkegaard was not a bore. I planned to examine his contribution in my master essay. In his view the primacy of the ethical over the esthetic mode was necessary to restore the balance. But enough of that. In myself I could observe the following sources of tedium: 1) The lack of a personal connection with the external world. Earlier I noted that when I was riding through France in a train last spring I looked out of the window and thought that the veil of Maya was wearing thin. And why was this? I wasn’t seeing what was there but only what everyone sees under a common directive. By this is implied that our worldview has used up nature. The rule of this view is that I, a subject, see the phenomena, the world of objects. They, however, are not necessarily in themselves objects as modern rationality defines objects. For in spirit, says Steiner, a man can step out of himself and let things speak to him about themselves, to speak about what has meaning not for him alone but also for them. Thus the sun the moon the stars will speak to nonastronomers in spite of their ignorance of science. In fact it’s high time that this happened. Ignorance of science should not keep one imprisoned in the lowest and weariest sector of being, prohibited from entering into independent relations with the creation as a whole. The educated speak of the disenchanted (a boring) world. But it is not the world, it is my own head that is disenchanted. The world cannot be disenchanted. 2) For me the self-conscious ego is the seat of boredom. This increasing, swelling, domineering, painful self-consciousness is the only rival of the political and social powers that run my life (business, technological-bureaucratic powers, the state). You have a great organized movement of life, and you have the single self, independently conscious, proud of its detachment and its absolute immunity, its stability and its power to remain unaffected by anything whatsoever — by the sufferings of others or by society or by politics or by external chaos. In a way it doesn’t give a damn. It is asked to give a damn, and we often urge it to give a damn but the curse of noncaring lies upon this painfully free consciousness. It is free from attachment to beliefs and to other souls. Cosmologies, ethical systems? It can run through them by the dozens. For to be fully conscious of oneself as an individual is also to be separated from all else. This is Hamlet’s kingdom of infinite space in a nutshell, of “words, words, words,” of “Denmark’s a prison.
Mensah Oteh|Success starts with a good plan. To have it, you have to plan it.
Kemi Sogunle, Being Single: A State For The Fragile Heart. A guide to self-love, finding you and purpose.|For us to move forward, we have to develop the courage to forward what is behind...the hurt/pain and unpleasant memories that haunt us in the dark moments. We must hold on to our faith as we step out in boldness, strongly believing that our very best lies ahead.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Faith keeps our ships moving, while empathy and the memories of our experiences lead to wisdom.
Alexander Pope|What then remains, but well our power to use,And keep good humour still whate’er we lose?And trust me, dear, good humour can prevail,When airs, and flights, and screams, and scolding fail.Beauties in vain their pretty eyes may roll;Charms strike the sight, but merit wins the soul
Rak Razam, Aya: A Shamanic Odyssey|Outside, milling under the ubiquitous gaze of security cameras, are bright splashes of colorful souls wearing crystals, beads, and Native American Indian paraphernalia; middle-aged academics with "Erowid" drug website t-shirts; and passengers that give you that odd conspiratorial smile that says, "yes, we are here for the conference." And here we are chowing down on McDonalds and donut King, getting our last hits of civilization before hitting the jungle city of Iquitos and shamanic boot camp. It feels like some whacked-out reality TV show, a generational snapshot of a new psychedelic wave just before it breaks. Bright-eyed Westerners about to die and be reborn in the humid jungles of Peru, drinking the hallucinogenic brew ayahuasca...
Criss Jami|Even the devils are theists. I am of all people one of the least qualified to judge, but I do believe that some atheists are closer to God than are some theists. With Him, it is better to be distant in the mind but near in the heart than it is to be distant in the heart but near in the mind.
Lois McMaster Bujold, Komarr|I know girls who pine for it. They like to play dress-up and pretend being Vor ladies of old, rescued from menace by romantic Vor youths. For some reason they never play 'dying in childbirth', or 'vomiting your guts out from the red dysentery', or 'weaving till you go blind and crippled from arthritis and dye poisoning', or 'infanticide'. Well, they do die romantically of disease sometimes, but somehow it's always an illness that makes you interestingly pale and everyone sorry and doesn't involve losing bowel control.
Patricia A. McKillip, The Riddle-Master of Hed|If you have no faith in yourself, then have faith in the things you call truth. You know what must be done. You may not have courage or trust or understanding or the will to do it, but you know what must be done. You can't turn back. There is now answer behind you. You fear what you cannot name. So look at it and find a name for it. Turn your face forward and learn. Do what must be done.-Deth to Morgon, Prince of Hed-
Kady Cross, The Girl in the Steel Corset|You don't look so special""You're looking in the wrong place," he replied with a hint of a smile. "Look into my eyes.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Dancing ignite a blissful body, soul and spirit.
Alexis  Hall, Waiting for the Flood|Papa!” she whispered. “I have no eyes!”He patted the girl’s hair. She’d fallen into his trap. “With a smile like that,” Hans Hubermann said, “you don’t need eyes.
Margaret Mitchell|Pride & honor & truth & virtue & kindliness," he enumerated silkily. "You are right, Scarlett. They aren't important when a boat is sinking. But look around you at your friends. Either they are bringing their boats ashore safely with cargoes intact or they are content to go down with all flags flying.
Joe Abercrombie|There is so much beauty in the world that I wonder how we get around to marshalling so much hatred within ourselves. I hope, one day, you will feel the same way seeing this sight of the heavens that I see, that mu forefathers and their forefathers have seen since time began, and think of me, and marvel that in this beauty time stands still for us all, making us all immortal on the lips of those we leave behind.Just remember me kindly, my son.
George Packer|The need for connection and community is primal, as fundamental as the need for air, water, and food.
J. J. Watt|Most of my show is true; like, 90% of everything I say on stage is true. I just have to find the way to make it funny - that's the difficult thing.
D.L. Hess, Sir: The Awakening|What if I told you that you occupy my every waking thought? That I dream about you at night? And that you feature in my darkest, dirtiest dreams? What then?
Margot Lee Shetterly, Hidden Figures: The American Dream and the Untold Story of the Black Women Mathematicians Who Helped Win the Space Race|For success in corporate world, it is essential to identify and seek what you want.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|I realized how truly hard it was, really, to see someone you love change right before your eyes. Not only is it scary, it throws your balance off as well.
Oluseyi Akinbami|Paul himself spent years of his life on the road, carrying (presumably on pack animals) his tent, clothing and tools - not many scrolls, if any. He carried the Bible safely tucked away in his head, where it belongs. As an apostle, he often supported himself by plying his trade. He was busy, traveling, working with his hands, winning people for Christ, shepherding or coping with his converts, responding to questions and problems. And he was very human; he knew not only fighting without but also fears within (2 Cor 7:5). Paul the completely confident academic and systematic theologian - sitting at his desk, studying the Bible, working out a system, perfect and consistent in all its parts, unchanging over a period of thirty years, no matter how many new experiences he and his churches had - is an almost inhuman character, either a thinking machine or a fourth person of the Trinity. The real Paul knew anger, joy, depression, triumph, and anguish; he reacted, overreacted, he repented, he apologized, he flattered and cajoled, he rebuked and threatened, he argued this way and that way: he did everything he could think of in order to win some.
Leonard Cohen|No books ever go into my laboratory. The thing I am to do and the way are revealed to me the moment I am inspired to create something new. Without God to draw aside the curtain, I would be helpless. Only alone can I draw close enough to God to discover His secrets.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: New International Version|My son, ﻿do not forget my teaching,But let your heart ﻿keep my commandments;For ﻿length of days and years of lifeAnd peace they will add to you.Do not let ﻿﻿kindness and truth leave you;Bind them around your neck,Write them on the tablet of your heart.So you will ﻿find favor and good reputeIn the sight of God and man.Trust in the Lord with all your heartAnd ﻿do not lean on your own understanding.In all your ways ﻿acknowledge Him,And He will ﻿make your paths straight.
Nia Vardalos|Sometimes I wonder: What are the children thinking? And sometimes I wonder why the hell I'm not buying a tree like the other neighbors. After all, there is no mention in Christianity of Christmas trees, and even if there were - is there any good reason why I shouldn't be buying some red stockings?
Gary Neville|I'm not a big pet fan. I remember the school used to have a hamster, and you used to take it home for a week at a time. I did that. I probably got bored of it within a day.
Norman Mailer, Deaths For The Ladies|I wonder, said the Lord I wonder if I know the answer any more.
Voltaire, Candide|Our labour preserves us from three great evils -- weariness, vice, and want.
Baruj Benacerraf|The pursuit of curiosity about the basic facts of nature has proven, with few exceptions throughout the history of medical science, to be the route by which the successful drugs and devices of modern medicine were discovered.
Helen Smith, Alison Wonderland|What are the distinctive characteristics, or marks, of personality? Knowledge, feeling or emotion, and will. Any entity that thinks and feels and wills is a person.
Thomas Sowell, Barbarians inside the Gates and Other Controversial Essays|People who pride themselves on their "complexity" and deride others for being "simplistic" should realize that the truth is often not very complicated. What gets complex is evading the truth.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|God decided to create a world where free will was more important than no one ever getting hurt. There must be something stunningly beautiful and remarkable about free will that only God can truly grasp, because God hates, literally abhors, evil, yet He created a world where evil could happen if people chose it.
Anaïs Nin, A Spy in the House of Love|You learn to ride on the path and keep your eyes open so you can see what is there, not what you wish were there.... And then after all you might discover that what is there is what you wished for all along.
Nandanie Phalgoo|I have lived eighty years of life and know nothing for it, but to be resigned and tell myself that flies are born to be eaten by spiders and man to be devoured by sorrow.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, Notes from Underground|At that time I was only twenty-four years old. My life then was already gloomy, disorderly, and solitary to the point of savagery.
Bahá'u'lláh|You made them hate me." Said Ender"So? What will you do about it? Crawl in a corner? Start kissing their little backsides so they'll love you again? There's only one thing that will make them stop hating you. And that's being so good at what you do that they can't ignore you. I told them you were the best. Now you damn well better be." -Graff
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|God waits only the separation of spirit from flesh to crown us with a full reward. Why, then, should we ever sink overwhelmed with distress, when life is so soon over, and death is so certain an entrance to happiness -- to glory?
William D. Brown|Failure is an event, never a person.
Sara Gruen, Water for Elephants|Applaud my friends, the comedy is over...[on his death bed]
Jennifer Weiner, Little Earthquakes|So many people are able to do something in life, but when they compare what they have done to their larger environment, they feel they have not done anything!
Taylor Swift|To me, Fearless is not the absense of fear. It's not being completely unafraid. To me, Fearless is having fears. Fearless is having doubts. Lots of them. To me, Fearless is living in spite of those things that scare you to death.
Rick Warren, The Purpose Driven Life: What on Earth Am I Here for?|Gaining heaven, being delivered from sin, and being made useful to God are things that should never even be a consideration in real surrender.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With courage, confidence and commitment, the dream is possible.
David Steindl-Rast, Gratefulness, The Heart Of Prayer: An Approach To Life In Fullness|As we learn to give thanks for all of life and death, for all of this given world of ours, we find a deep joy. It is the joy of trust, the joy of faith in the faithfulness at the heart of all things. It is the joy of gratefulness in touch with the fullness of life.
Samuel Johnson|It is only the forcible propagation of conventional Christianity that makes the agnostic so bitter toward the church. He knows that all the doctrines cannot possibly be true, but he would view them with toleration if he were asked merely to let them alone for the benefit of the masses whom they can help and succour.
Charles Dickens, Nicholas Nickleby|I'm pretty well. So's the family, and so's the boys, except for a sort of rash as is a running through the school, and rather puts 'em off their feed. But it's a ill wind as blows no good to nobody; that's what I always say when them lads has a wisitation. A wisitation, sir, is the lot of mortality. Mortality itself, sir, is a wisitation. The world is chock full of wisitations; and if a boy repines at a wisitation and makes you uncomfortable with his noise, he must have his head punched. That's going according to the Scripter, that is.
D.L. Wainright, The Hollow Sun|Oh hell no,” he exclaimed, shaking his head. “I’m not playing Buffy the goddamn Vampire Slayer with you.
Aaron Sorkin|If it's a good work of adaptation, the book should remain a book and the film should remain a film, and you should not necessarily read the book to see the film. If you do need that, then that means that it's a failure. That is what I think.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Excuses will not take you far, they will take you out. The success of your many excuses doesn’t mean you will run away from the work. It means the work will run away from you!
Orrin Woodward|When you believe in your beauty, only then can everyone see it.
Liezi, Lieh-tzu: A Taoist Guide to Practical Living|If you can dispense with reputation, then you are free from care. Reputation is only a visitor, but reality is here to stay.
Roger Zelazny, The Dream Master|That is where my dearest and brightest dreams have ranged — to hear for the duration of a heartbeat the universe and the totality of life in its mysterious, innate harmony.
Gail McHugh, Collide|When you want something this badly, you don't just give up. You fight and fight until you absolutely can't fight anymore.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Chameleonesque, hobbitish, unicorned, stompled, selfishism, and unwakeable may not be real words, but you do know what they mean.
Abhijit Naskar, Love Sutra: The Neuroscientific Manual of Love|Our primitive ancestors learnt various behavioral characteristics like jealousy, possessiveness and aggression to ensure the survival of their wild love life in the harsh environment of Mother Nature. And all those behavioral responses eventually got engraved in our genetic blueprint. So, these are not the enemies in the path of a healthy relationship, rather when utilized properly they can even kindle the spark in a dying relationship.
John Kennedy Toole, A Confederacy of Dunces|It smells terrible in here.'Well, what do you expect? The human body, when confined, produces certain odors which we tend to forget in this age of deodorants and other perversions. Actually, I find the atmosphere of this room rather comforting. Schiller needed the scent of apples rotting in his desk in order to write. I, too, have my needs. You may remember that Mark Twain preferred to lie supinely in bed while composing those rather dated and boring efforts which contemporary scholars try to prove meaningful. Veneration of Mark Twain is one of the roots of our current intellectual stalemate.
Ilona Andrews, Magic Bites|It took a qualified wizard to detect a summoning in progress. It required only a half-literate idiot with a twitch of power and a dim idea of how to use it to attempt one. Before you knew it, a three-headed Slavonic god was wreaking havoc in downtown Atlanta, the skies were raining winged snakes, and SWAT was screaming for more ammo.
Darnell Lamont Walker|Who has the time to become politically active, or even politically aware, when one is struggling just to stay alive and feed one’s children?
Rachel Naomi Remen|When we know ourselves to be connected to all others, acting compassionately is simply the natural thing to do. 
Ben Goldacre|Eating disorders can have serious medical and psychological consequences which, left unchecked, can kill. Parents should address this issue and ask their children to discuss how they feel about themselves.
Debasish Mridha|True prayer does not seek God’s help, but it focuses on what is good for everyday life and all of humanity.
Natalie Nichols Gillespie, Successful Adoption: A Guide for Christian Families|Two of the greatest hungers in our world today are the hunger for spirituality and the hunger for social change. The connection between the two is the one the world is waiting for, especially the new generation. And the first hunger will empower the second.
Norman Davies|I do not start with a full knowledge of the facts; the whole attraction of writing history is to educate myself: it is an exploration into the unknown - 'a journey without maps,' to borrow Graham Greene's phrase.
Avina Celeste|Release the stress you are holding. Feel the tension leave your body. Now, look at the root of your stress. Find your solution in a moment of calm, not anxiety.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Faith means I chose not to know, which is different than ignorance which refuses to know.
Rand Paul|History shows us that in times of people feeling like they are in need of some sort of rebellion or protests, the artists rise because the poetry we create about pain and its relationship to culture in the world begins to soothe and heal people who are feeling confused or afraid.
Robyn Schneider, The Beginning of Everything|Life is the tragedy,' she said bitterly. 'You know how they categorize Shakespeare's plays, right? If it ends with a wedding, it's a comedy. And if it ends with a funeral, it's a tragedy. So we're all living tragedies, because we all end the same way, and it isn't with a goddamn wedding.
K. A. Paul|I used to brag that I can hold up any eviction - even if the landlord had legal rights, I could hold it up for a year.
Kathryn Alice|The soul attracts that which it secretly harbors - that which it loves, and also that which it fears.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|It would kill the past, and when that was dead, he would be free.
N.T. Wright, Simply Christian: Why Christianity Makes Sense|After defending the value of prepared prayers, the author cautions against over-reliance on them. Just as David could not fight in the armor of King Saul, we are called to fight in the way God has equipped us uniquely.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|It's lovely. If only you could frost someone to death.""Don't be so superior. You can never tell what you will find in the arena. Say it's a gigantic cake-
Jennifer Echols, Endless Summer|And you're not leaving," she said. "Promise me."It was as if she had asked him to promise to keep breathing, to notice sunshine, to permit the spinning of the earth. What choice did he have? Even if he left her, she would be camped in his heart, an insistent and willful presence. She would match her strides to his on any journey he ever took; she would lie beside him on any bed.Amalie, he said, "that's the easiest promise I've ever had to make.
Malin Akerman|I don't think I am particularly funny. In fact, I know I'm not.
C. JoyBell C.|All I really, really want to do is find a very, very fine chocolate store that I can walk into and then figure out how in the world one manages to pick out just a few chocolates out of all those very many chocolates! If I am one day able to walk into a fine chocolate store and know for certain which chocolates I want, when that happens, I will believe myself to be accomplished!
Rachel True|Dogs are a really amazing eye opener for us humans because their lives are compressed into such a short period, so we can see them go from puppyhood to adolescence to strong adulthood and then into their sunset years in 10 to 12 years. It really drives home the point of how finite all our lives are.
Stephen Richards|Your level of self-confidence is not something you are born with, though it is influenced by the circumstances into which you were born and grew up.
Maeve Binchy|In order to protect against being disrupted, startups also need to recruit employees that are committed to life-long learning. The skills that made your team members valuable may not be the skills needed to take your company to the next level or to compete in emerging markets.
Jay-Z|What's a bigger mystery box than a movie theater? You go to the theater, you're just so excited to see anything - the moment the lights go down is often the best part.
C.S. Lewis, Mere Christianity|I never learned to say shit before a lady. I don't believe in progress in quite the way you seem to. You believe in it more than Grandmother did. As for those purely cultural patterns of convention you think I ought to escape from, they happen to add up to civilization, and I'd rather be civilized than tribal or uncouth.
Suzette Vearnon|If nobody else will give you a platform, build your own!
Faith Sullivan, Unexpected|You're it for me, Katie. You're my world now.
Will Durant|Half the world is composed of people who have something to say and can't, and the other half who have nothing to say and keep on saying it.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|He smelled of cigarettes and whiskey, the smell of Cambridge and youth.
Stefania Mattana, Cutting Right to the Chase Vol.2,|Mr Benz, the parapet of an Italian bridge doesn’t look like the proper place for you,” said Chase.
Black Elk, Black Elk speaks: Being the life story of a holy man of the Ogalala Sioux|But now that I can see it all as from a lonely hilltop, I know it was the story of a mighty vision given to a man too weak to use it; of a holy tree that should have flourished in a people’s heart with flowers and singing birds, and now is withered; and of a people’s dream that died in bloody snow.
Widad Akreyi|If you’re willing to live in a cardboard box on the streets with him, then marry him.
Nenia Campbell, Terrorscape|Now she knew living was just a brief hiatus, a blip really, in the infinite line of nothingness that composed that shadowy realm of the unknown. It could stop at any time.
Leigh Bardugo, Siege and Storm|You just punched a prince, Alina. I guess we can add one more act of treason to our list.”I shook out my sore hand. My knuckles smarted. “First of all, are we so sure he really is a prince? And second, you’re just jealo
Debasish Mridha M.D.|Life is a time bound journey to experience the excitement of love, joy, and happiness.
Maria Montessori|Science, already oppressive with its shocking revelations, will perhaps be the ultimate exterminator of our human species - if separate species we be - for its reserve of unguessed horrors could never be borne by mortal brains if loosed upon the world.
Amanda Leigh, Scarred|I bit the inside of my cheek. I wanted to hit him. Not just for his presumptuousness, but for the way my heart jumped to my throat at his words and how his eyes looked me over.
Kiersten White, Paranormalcy|The snow was too light to stay, the ground too warm to keep it. And the strange spring snow fell only in that golden moment of dawn, the turning of the page between night and day.
Amish Tripathi, Scion of Ikshvaku|Some good can emerge from the most horrific of events. There is something positive hidden in every negative, and something negative in every positive. Life is complicated, and a balanced person can see both sides.
Debasish Mridha|For every setback, do not get discouraged. Rejoice because you learned more than you expected.
Jeremy Aldana|I felt as if I had no control over what I said, as if loathsome, ugly words were waiting inside me like snakes and toads looking for a chance to sneak out before I could stop them.
Helen Oyeyemi, Boy, Snow, Bird|You know something, it’s not easy to break out of your comfort zone. People will tear you down, tell you you shouldn’t have bothered in the first place. But let me tell you something, there’s not much of a difference between a stadium full with cheering fans and an angry crowd screaming abuse at you. They’re both just making a lot of noise. How you take it is up to you. Convince yourself they’re cheering for you. You do that, and someday, they will.
Lynn Nottage|The church, inserted and active in human society and in history, does not exist in order to exercise political power or to govern the society.
Rita Dove|Never forget that the truest luxury is imagination, and that being a writer gives you the leeway to exploit all of the imagination's curious intricacies, to be what you were, what you are, what you will be, and what everyone else is or was or will be, too.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|Trains are great dirty smoky things," said Will. "You won't like it." Tessa was unmoved. "I won't know if I like it until I try it, will I?" "I've never swum naked in the Thames before, but I know I wouldn't like it." "But think how entertaining for sightseers," said Tessa, and she saw Jem duck his head to hide the quick flash of his grin.
Donna Tartt, The Secret History|And you are more than the mistakes of your youth. You are more than the label you’ve been assigned by people who might love you, but don’t really know who you are anymore.
Debby Bull, Blue Jelly: Love Lost & the Lessons of Canning|5. If You Love, Love Openly Twenty monks and one nun, who was named Eshun, were practicing meditation with a certain Zen master. Eshun was very pretty even though her head was shaved and her dress plain. Several monks secretly fell in love with her. One of them wrote her a love letter, insisting upon a private meeting.  Eshun did not reply. The following day the master gave a lecture to the group, and when it was over, Eshun arose. Addressing the one who had written her, she said: "If you really love me so much, come and embrace me now.
Daniel W. Drezner, Theories of International Politics and Zombies|Indeed, one concern would be that the initial neoconservative response to a zombie outbreak would be to invade Iraq again out of force of habit.
Irin Carmon, Notorious RBG: The Life and Times of Ruth Bader Ginsburg|For some reason, people repeatedly have asked RBG when she thought there would be enough women on the court. The question is asinine, her answer effective: 'When there are nine.
Vik Muniz|We can trust our doctors to be professional, to minister equally to their patients without regard to their political or religious beliefs. But we can no longer trust our professors to do the same.
Harriet Tubman|I'm not afraid to die, I just don't want to be there when it happens.
Kyle Idleman|Paul tells us that, "The wages of sin is death." That's the bill. Our choice to sin has created a barrier between us and God, taken a toll on our relationship with Him that we can't fix, repair, or pay off on our own. Let's not minimize the situation. We've lived in offense to a holy, righteous God, who reigns in justice. We deserve death for what we've done. Like the Prodigal Son, we've robbed honor from our Father. We have scorned His provision and fled from His house. We have chosen wild living with strangers over a relationship with Him. Like the Prodigal Son, we've told God we'd be better off if He were dead. We've lived in ways that prove our distrust and disbelief in Him. We've chosen a path that leads to starvation and death, so that's what we deserve. Despite all of this, God offers us a brand-new inheritance -- one that has been reclaimed and redeemed by His Son, Jesus Christ, who came to earth and died for our sins. The bill was totaled up, and Christ died to settle that bill. After being crucified, He rose to life again, and He now beckons us home, having prepared a place for us. In the fullness of our sin, God responded with the fullness of His grace through Jesus Christ.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|She was a do-gooder, which means that all the ill she did, she did without realizing it.
Paula Stokes, The Key to Everything|I go back for seconds and thirds and fourths and fifths, when it’s good. Just not if it means some guy gets to put a leash on me.
Ken Robinson|When the world is in the midst of change, when adversity and opportunity are almost indistinguishable, this is the time for visionary leadership and when leaders need to look beyond the survival needs of those they're serving.
Edward Hirsch|I grew up in a middle-class house without books, without art. No one around me wrote poetry or even read it.
Charles de Montesquieu|The future is like heaven, everyone exalts it, but no one wants to go there now.
Arthur W. Pink|Keep making noise, I prayed, laughing. Bang drums. Clamor and ring bells for I cannot stand to hear the tired beating of this almost heart.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|Mental pain is less dramatic than physical pain, but it is more common and also more hard to bear. The frequent attempt to conceal mental pain increases the burden: it is easier to say “My tooth is aching” than to say “My heart is broken.
Paul Graham|People are bad at looking at seeds and guessing what size tree will grow out of them. The way you’ll get big ideas in, say, health care is by starting out with small ideas. If you try to do some big thing, you don’t just need it to be big; you need it to be good. And it’s really hard to do big and good simultaneously. So, what that means is you can either do something small and good and then gradually make it bigger, or do something big and bad and gradually make it better. And you know what? Empirically, starting big just does not work. That’s the way the government does things. They do something really big that’s really bad, and they think, Well, we’ll make it better, and then it never gets better”.Building Fast Companies for Growth, Inc. September 2013
Leslie Jamison, The Empathy Exams: Essays|We want our wounds to speak for themselves, but usually we end up having to speak for them.
Flora Rheta Schreiber, Sybil: The Classic True Story of a Woman Possessed by Sixteen Personalities|Theirs was the eternal youth of an alternating self, a youth with the constant although unfulfilled promise of growing up
Tarif Naaz|Peace is not a Natural Phenomenon, it is violence that is Natural. Peace needs to be imposed, Violence comes on its own. That is the reason why despite of so many efforts, Humanity is still deprived of permanent Peace.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Do all the work you can, there is enough rest in the grave.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|...we have something they want. Valuing knowledge above all else results in a lust for power, and that leads men into dark and empty places. We should be thankful that we know better.
Elizabeth Bishop, North and South|I have seen it over and over, the same sea, the same,slightly, indifferently swinging above the stones,icily free above the stones,above the stones and then the world.If you should dip your hand in,your wrist would ache immediately,your bones would begin to ache and your hand would burnas if the water were a transmutation of firethat feeds on stones and burns with a dark gray flame.If you tasted it, it would first taste bitter,then briny, then surely burn your tongue.It is like what we imagine knowledge to be:dark, salt, clear, moving, utterly free,drawn form the cold hard mouthof the world, derived from the rocky breastsforever, flowing and drawn, and sinceour knowledge is historical, flowing, and flown.
S. Kelley Harrell|The more I work with Nature and totemism, the more church is everywhere.
Buzz Aldrin|There's no doubt who was a leader in space after the Apollo Program. Nobody came close to us. And our education system, in science, technology, engineering and math, was at the top of the world. It's no longer there. We're descending rather rapidly.
Michael F. Bruyn, The Philosopher's Toolbox for Entrepreneurs|Those who can create, will create. Those who cannot create, will compete.
Yeow Kai Chai, lost bodies: poems between portugal and home|i smile. things taken for granted have a way of catching you offguard when you least expect it, and then you're taken by what the portuguese calls saudade, a sense of longing for something, someone not there anymore.
Ayla Starr|Never underestimate the capacity for romance, no matter what the circumstances.
J.U. Scribe, Before the Legend|I know there’s something troubling you. I’m not going to ask what it is, if you don’t want to tell me. But remember that I’m your mother. Nothing you say could ever shock me or make me love you less.
Deborah Brodie|Seeing a miracle will inspire you, but knowing you are a miracle will change you.
Emi Iyalla|We all struggle with something, and need help. Whatever it is that you can't conquer on your own, I encourage you to give it to the Lord; He can fix anything! Your struggle is no more because VICTORY has taken it's place!! Have a VICTORIOUS day!
Marlee Matlin|I was first in line for the iPhone, but I'm not a fanboy of any company - I'm in favor of anything that's best of breed.
Hunter Hayes|Our need to control eventually works against us b/c we start to repress what we truly feel, need and want. God is in control so trust in that more than yourself!
T.H. White|To me, clothing is a form of self-expression - there are hints about who you are in what you wear.
Susan Weitzman, Not To People Like Us: Hidden Abuse In Upscale Marriages|Julia's fears of coming forward with the violence were based on anticipated as well as actual responses from friends and acquaintances. I also recognized Julia's introverted and moody side, but I knew she wasn't capable of inciting her husband to kick, choke, and lock her in her home like an animal. Besides, considering how she was being treated, it was not surprising that she seemed moody, sensitive, even depressed. More important, nothing any woman could do could justify such behavior.
Fay Weldon|There is a growing feeling that perhaps Texas is really another country, a place where the skies, the disasters, the diamonds, the politicians, the women, the fortunes, the football players and the murders are all bigger than anywhere else.
John Lewis|I always understood the idea of the ultimate redeemer, Christ on the cross. But now I was beginning to see that this is something that is carried out in every one of us, that the purity of unearned suffering is a holy and affective thing It affects not only ourselves, but it touches and changes those around us as well. It opens us and those around us to a force beyond ourselves, a force that is right and moral, the force of righteous truth that is at the basis of human conscience. Suffering puts us and those around us in touch with our consciences. It opens and touches our hearts. It makes us feel compassion when we need to and guilt if we must.
Brother Lawrence, The Practice of the Presence of God|The difficulties of life do not have to be unbearable. It is the way we look at them - through faith or unbelief - that makes them seem so. We must be convinced that our Father is full of love for us and that He only permits trials to come our way for our own good.Let us occupy ourselves entirely in knowing God. The more we know Him, the more we will desire to know Him. As love increases with knowledge, the more we know God, the more we will truly love Him. We will learn to love Him equally in times of distress or in times of great joy.
Hassan Blasim, The Iraqi Christ|The operation would be in a week...I didn't know if I would survive. How I longed to go back to reading! There was nowhere I longed to be more than the university campus. I was preparing for a master's on fantasy literature. I was interested in why the country's literature did not include this distinctive genre. I had this great passion for studying and writing, which they explained in my household with the story of the umbilical cord. When I was born, and at my father's request, my elder sister buried my umbilical cord in the courtyard of her primary school. My father attributed my {brother's} academic failure to the fact that my mother buried his umbilical cord in the garden of our house.
Francesca Marciano, The Other Language|Every new self-discovery leads you to more wholeness, opens your heart, makes you humble, and a better person to serve and love others." Page 8
Tamora Pierce, Page|I was stark raving mad, and my family was too polite to mention it. That's what living with the Yamanis does to people. They get so well-mannered they won't mention you're crazy.
Roland Barthes|So long as I perceive the world as hostile, I remain linked to it: *I am not crazy*. But sometimes, once my bad temper is exhausted, I have no language left at all: the world is not "unreal" (I could then utter it: there are arts of the unreal, among them the greatest arts of all), but disreal: reality has fled from it, is nowhere, so that I no longer have any meaning (any paradigm) available to me; *I do not manage* to define my relations with Coluche, the restaurant, the painter, the Piazza del Popolo. What relation can I have with a system of power if I am neither its slave nor its accomplice nor its witness."  —from_A Lover's Discourse: Fragments_
Richard Siken, Crush|You're trying not to tell him you love him, and you're trying to choke down the feeling, and you're trembling, but he reaches over and he touches you, like a prayer for which no words exist, and you feel your heart taking root in your body, like you've discovered something you don't even have a name for.
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|To win or lose often depends on set parameters. Expand the bounds of what is possible, and you may come out the true winner, outside the confines of its defining.
Steve Maraboli|Do I hear a challenge?” she whispers, “Oh, Carlos. You know I can’t resist a challenge.
Douglas Adams, The Salmon of Doubt|For Children: You will need to know the difference between Friday and a fried egg. It's quite a simple difference, but an important one. Friday comes at the end of the week, whereas a fried egg comes out of a chicken. Like most things, of course, it isn't quite that simple. The fried egg isn't properly a fried egg until it's been put in a frying pan and fried. This is something you wouldn't do to a Friday, of course, though you might do it on a Friday. You can also fry eggs on a Thursday, if you like, or on a cooker. It's all rather complicated, but it makes a kind of sense if you think about it for a while.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The darker it gets, the brighter your dreams shine.
E.L. James, Fifty Shades Trilogy: Fifty Shades of Grey, Fifty Shades Darker, Fifty Shades Freed 3-volume Boxed Set 1st Paperback|After you've taken so much trouble to set up recorder, you ask me now?
Colleen M. Flanagan, Tapping for Rescued & Adopted Dogs: Fast Surrogate EFT Methods for Canine Emotional Well Being|Before "THOUGHT" there is only YOU and your MIND. Thought, is what assigns meaning to things. Also implying that you are not your THOUGHTS; and with your mind, you have the POWER to assign new meanings to things.
Chris Hedges, Empire of Illusion: The End of Literacy and the Triumph of Spectacle|The porn films are not about sex. Sex is airbrushed and digitally washed out of the films. There is no acting because none of the women are permitted to have what amounts to a personality. The one emotion they are allowed to display is an unquenchable desire to satisfy men, especially if that desire involves the women’s physical and emotional degradation. The lightning in the films is harsh and clinical. Pubic hair is shaved off to give the women the look of young girls or rubber dolls. Porn, which advertises itself as sex, is a bizarre, bleached pantomime of sex. The acts onscreen are beyond human endurance. The scenarios are absurd. The manicured and groomed bodies, the huge artificial breasts, the pouting oversized lips, the erections that never go down, and the sculpted bodies are unreal. Makeup and production mask blemishes. There are no beads of sweat, no wrinkle lines, no human imperfections. Sex is reduced to a narrow spectrum of sterilized dimensions. It does not include the dank smell of human bodies, the thump of a pulse, taste, breath—or tenderness. Those in films are puppets, packaged female commodities. They have no honest emotion, are devoid of authentic human beauty, and resemble plastic. Pornography does not promote sex, if one defines sex as a shared act between two partners. It promotes masturbation. It promotes the solitary auto-arousal that precludes intimacy and love. Pornography is about getting yourself off at someone else’s expense.
Luther Burbank|If we want to address global warming, along with the other environmental problems associated with our continued rush to burn our precious fossil fuels as quickly as possible, we must learn to use our resources more wisely, kick our addiction, and quickly start turning to sources of energy that have fewer negative impacts.
Mohammad|Desire can be eradicated from the roots by firmly imbibing the four attributes of: Jnan, Atmanishtha, Vairagya, Dharma and the full fledged devotion to God.
Audre Lorde|The learning process is something you can incite, literally incite, like a riot.
Rebecca Wells, Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood|Memory is the sense of loss, and loss pulls us after it.
Eraldo Banovac|Effective managers proactively control their tasks and the expectations of their major stakeholders, which allows them to meet strategic goals rather than fight fires.
Ray Bradbury, Fahrenheit 451|The most important single thing we had to pound into ourselves is that we were not important, we musn't be pedants; we were not to feel superior to anyone else in the world. We're nothing more than dust jackets for books, of no significance otherwise.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|To be creative means to connect. It's to abolish the gap between the body, the mind and the soul, between science and art, between fiction and nonfiction.
Wan Mohd Nor Wan Daud, Knowledge, Language, Thought and The Civilization of Islam: Essays in Honor of Syed Muhammad Naquib al–Attas|And adab towards language means the recognition and acknowledgement of the rightful and proper place of every word in a written or uttered sentence so as not to produce a dissonance in meaning, sound and concept. Literature is called adabiyat in Islam precisely because it is seen as the keeper of civilization, the collector of teachings and statements that educate the self and society with adab such that both are elevated to the rank of the cultured man (insan adabi) and society.
A.E. Samaan|Until recently, attempts to resolve the contradictions created by urbanization, centralization, bureaucratic growth and statification were viewed as a vain counterdrift to "progress"—a counterdrift that could be dismissed as chimerical and reactionary. The anarchist was regarded as a forlorn visionary, a social outcast, filled with nostalgia for the peasant village or the medieval commune. His yearnings for a decentralized society and for a humanistic community at one with nature and the needs of the individual—the spontaneous individual, unfettered by authority—were viewed as the reactions of a romantic, of a declassed craftsman or an intellectual "misfit." His protest against centralization and statification seemed all the less persuasive because it was supported primarily by ethical considerations—by Utopian, ostensibly "unrealistic," notions of what man could be, not by what he was. In response to this protest, opponents of anarchist thought-- liberals, rightists and authoritarian "leftists"—argued that they were the voices of historic reality, that their statist and centralist notions were rooted in the objective, practical world. Time is not very kind to the conflict of ideas. Whatever may have been the validity of libertarian and non-libertarian views a few years ago, historical development has rendered virtually all objections to anarchist thought meaningless today. The modern city and state, the massive coal-steel technology of the Industrial Revolution, the later, more rationalized, systems of mass production and assembly-line systems of labor organization, the centralized nation, the state and its bureaucratic apparatus—all have reached their limits. Whatever progressive or liberatory role they may have possessed, they have now become entirely regressive and oppressive. They are regressive not only because they erode the human spirit and drain the community of all its cohesiveness, solidarity and ethico-cultural standards; they are regressive from an objective standpoint, from an ecological standpoint. For they undermine not only the human spirit and the human community but also the viability of the planet and all living things on it.
Sarah J. Maas|So how does God affect justice in this life/economy/reality? A lightening bolt, an angel of death, or by the hand of a human being?"~R. Alan Woods [2012]
Andrei Tarkovsky, Sculpting in Time|The traveling salesmen fed me pills that made the lining of my veins feel scraped out, my jaw ached... I knew every raindrop by its name, I sensed everything before it happened. Like I knew a certain oldsmobile would stop even before it slowed, and by the sweet voices of the family inside, I knew we'd have an accident in the rain. I didn't care. They said they'd take me all the way.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Doubt is the stock in trade all philosophers as well as all scientific persons. Conversely, certainty is the cane that all religious fanatics and other zealots wield with outrageous righteousness. Only by allowing for doubt can we probe our ignorance. Doubt, therefore, is the essential seed of thought.
Fabrizio Moreira|There are a whole host of psychological phenomenon humans have developed to protect ourselves from the sting of failure, from holding ourselves less accountable for our failures than we do other people, to letting our fear paralyze us and keep us from even trying.
Tanmaya Guru|If I had wanted to be a pawn in a game, I would have taken up chess...
Deyth Banger|We don't know each other, that's what I can say so far.
Michel de Montaigne|On the one hand we can't be alone, people like us; on the other we can't stand company. We can't stand male company, which bores us to death, or female company either. I gave up male company for years because it's totally unprofitable, and female company gets on my nerves in no time.
Sunday Adelaja|But just as quantity wins respect and honour for a church, it is quality that provides a church with safety and protection.
K.J. Parker, The Hammer|If the world is a book, are you the hero, or just a walk-on part?
Emily Ratajkowski|Like normal people, leftists now have to get up in the morning and earn a living, seeing as the fascists have come down so hard on social welfare fraud, and this is the cruel reality. The good old days are gone, and increasingly, leftists are to be found working in ordinary, proper jobs.
John Krasinski|I wanted to be an English teacher. I wanted to do it for the corduroy jackets with patches on the side. When I got to college, as I was walking across campus one day, I ripped off a little flyer for this sketch-comedy group. It ended up being one of the greatest things I've ever done.
Shaykh Sa di|A learned man who doesn’t restrain his passions is like a blind man holding a torch, he guides others but not himself.
Ratish Edwards|There was a time when I loved silence, because there was so much of noise of friends, family and other people around that I always needed some time to talk to myself. To think, to be myself.But now things are changed, I got what I needed the much needed silence , now I have so much silence around me that I feel like running from myself, hiding somewhere where I couldn't find myself. In search of some noise. Everything around me is so dead silent that sometimes it feels like a never ending nightmare.
Auliq Ice|Lets reflect the hopes of the nations under oppression, injustice and brutality. All they see is Unknown suffering Of an empty heart and soul and thus their suffering is unknown. We cannot do everything; but still we can do something. Lend a hand to support the suffering ones.
Victoria Kahler, Luisa Across the Bay|The sun was still out, wouldn’t even start to set for an hour, but the early evening still had that “magic hour” feeling. The air was warm and breezy. The houses looked sparkling with windows reflecting the still bright sun.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Evolutionary biologists tell us we have a “negativity bias” that makes our brains remember negative events more strongly than positive ones. So when we’re feeling lost or discouraged, it can be very hard to conjure up memories and feelings of happiness and ease.
Cecelia Ahern, One Hundred Names|How can you regret never having found true love? That's like saying you regret not being born a genius. People don't have control over such things. It either happens or it doesn't. It's a gift - a present that most never get. It's more like a miracle, really, when you think of it. I mean, first you have to find that person, and then you have to get to know them to realize just what they mean to you - that right there is ridiculously difficult. Then... then that person has to feel the same way about you. It's like searching for a specific snowflake, and even if you manage to find it, that's not good enough. You still have to find its matching pair. What are the odds?
Jessica Valenti, He's a Stud, She's a Slut, and 49 Other Double Standards Every Woman Should Know|Be as pissed off as you want to be. Don’t hold back because you think it’s unladylike or some such nonsense. We shouldn’t be shamed out of our anger. We should be using it. Using it to make change in our own lives, and using it to make change in the lives around us. (I know, I’m cheesy.) So the next time someone calls you emotional, or asks if you’re PMSing, call them on their bullshit.
H.W. Brands|Time after time during the next six months, he would put me together again.
Mary Roach, Spook: Science Tackles the Afterlife|It’s possible that the reason I've never experienced a ghostly presence is that my temporal lobes aren't wired for it. It could well be that the main difference between skeptics (Susan Blackmore notwithstanding) and believers is the neural structure they were born with. But the question still remains: Are these people whose EMF-influenced brains alert them to “presences” picking up something real that the rest of us can’t pick up, or are they hallucinating? Here again, we must end with the Big Shrug, a statue of which is being erected on the lawn outside my office.
Daniel Wu|I like to be at a party and be a quiet observer, be in conversation. I wouldn't say I was a class clown growing up, but I would definitely sit back in class and take snipes at the teacher.
Ronald Reagan|The key for any speaker is to establish his own point of view for the audience, so they can see the game through his eyes.
Stephen Richards, How to Get Everything You Can Imagine: Volume 1: How Mind Power Works|Whatever you desire, it comes from the universe, and whatever you manifest, be it situations, the right partner, friend, or spouse, the right pet, anything at all, IS the universe, for the universe IS everything.
St. Vincent de Paul|Charity is certainly greater than any rule. Moreover, all rules must lead to charity.
Anna Smaill, The Chimes|You can be as good as Rembrandt, but if no one discovers you, you will only be a genius in theory.
Richard Dawkins|Don't send funny greeting cards on birthdays or at Christmas. Save them for funerals, when their cheery effect is needed.
Rosie Thomas, Iris & Ruby|I am afraid of reduction. After a lifetime's independence- yes, selfish independence- I am terrified of being reduced to childhood once more, to helplessness, to seas of confusion from which the cruel lucid intervals poke up like rock shoals. I don't want to sit in my chair and be fed, much less do I want to be handed over to medical professionals.
Marie Helvin|My training diet can be quite strict when I'm coming up to competition; it's a weight-making sport, of course. But I eat quite healthily anyway, and it's less strict when out of competition.
Fernando Pessoa|We, all who live, haveA life that is livedAnd another life that is thought,And the only life we haveIt's the one that is dividedIn right or wrong.
George Orwell|Ludwik Szatera was a passionate lover of nostalgia. He could never come to terms with the eternal passage of men, objects and events. Each moment inexorably turning into the past was to him precious, invaluable, and he witnessed its passing with a sense of inexpressible regret.
Deyth Banger|Why were we born different? Why do we see the world how it actually is? Because we were meant to change the world, but not live in it.
Nely Cab, Marker of Hope|The pain in my heart was worse than anything I ever imagined. I couldn't breathe. I couldn't think. All I could feel was the void of her absence growing stronger inside me, and the panic of not ever seeing her eyes open again struck me like an iron whip.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Tiger Lily|... I guessed that when you are nearly a man, you have to learn to put up with a lot of aggravation from little old bitty kids.
Doris Lessing|You sail into the harbor, and Staten Island is on your left, and then you see the Statue of Liberty. This is what everyone in the world has dreams of when they think about New York. And I thought, 'My God, I'm in Heaven. I'll be dancing down Fifth Avenue like Fred Astaire with Ginger Rogers.'
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Stepping out and stepping up can be an intimidating experience, especially in social situations where the outcomes are unpredictable and uncertain. Have you ever been reluctant to . . . •	Say "no?"•	Request help?•	Ask for a raise?•	Stand up to a bully?•	Talk about tough topics?•	Confront a friend or spouse?•	Speak up and share your opinion?•	Begin a conversation with a stranger?•	Deliver a presentation or speak in public?•	Talk about the “white elephant” in the room?•	Befriend people who are much different than you?•	Make sales calls because you don’t want to be rejected?•	Approach a new group of people at a networking event?•	Go to an event by yourself where you did not know anyone?Each of these scenarios can strike fear in the hearts of many because each involves risk and potential discomfort. Life holds endless circumstances with a broad and diverse range of challenge or conflict that require you to be brave.
Hervé Le Tellier, Enough About Love|An attentive reader will always learn more, and more quickly, from good authors than from life.
Michael Shermer|Science has become politicized, and that's an embarrassment.
Tina Turner|I want the municipality to be a helping hand to the man with a desire of sympathy, to help the fallen when it is not in their power to help themselves.
Oscar Bimpong|Believe in yourself, don't let no man define your future, work hard at your trade as if no man exist to help you and focus should be your lens against distractions.
Rose Wynters, My Wolf Protector|Just at that moment, Lucilla happened to cross the lawn at a distance. At sight of her, I could not, as I pointed to her, forbear exclaiming in the words of Sir John's favorite poet,There doth beauty dwell,There most conspicuous, e'en in outward shape,Where dawns the high expression of a mind."This is very fine," said Sir John, sarcastically. "I admire all you young enthusiastic philosophers, with your intellectual refinement. You pretend to be captivated only with _mind_. I observe, however, that previous to your raptures, you always take care to get this mind lodged in a fair and youthful form. This mental beauty is always prudently enshrined in some elegant corporeal frame, before it is worshiped. I should be glad to see some of these intellectual adorers in love with the mind of an old or ugly woman. I never heard any of you fall into ecstasies in descanting on the mind of your grandmother.
Carl Sagan, The Demon-Haunted World: Science as a Candle in the Dark|There is much that science doesn't understand, many mysteries still to be resolved. In a Universe tens of billions of light-years across and some ten or fifteen billion years old, this may be the case forever. We are constantly stumbling on new surprises
Michael Paterniti, The Telling Room: A Tale of Love, Betrayal, Revenge, and the World's Greatest Piece of Cheese|In the end, it wasn't so much that there was an alternative narrative--there always was--but it came down to belief: Which one did you want to believe. Which one suited you best? Or, perhaps more to the point: Which one told the story you were already telling yourself?
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|I laughed, "I don’t have a CHANCE IN HELL of ever turning COLE DRIVER GAY. He's straighter than NEIL PATRICK HARRIS.
Michael Gruber, The Book of Air and Shadows|I am aware that humans believe they are the sole owners of this curse, but all creatures love, Dieter. Love is our one shared madness, our one shared burden. All creatures are driven against sense by it, and even the lowest ant will die madly for her queen.
Nancy Pearcey, Total Truth: Liberating Christianity from its Cultural Captivity|The King of Glory does not reward His servants according to the dignity of their office, but according to the humility and love with which they have exercised it.
Eraldo Banovac|Use two-way communication on oral exams to check the students' knowledge, not their attitudes. Checking attitudes can lead to the slippery area of subjective assessment.
Meg Howrey, The Wanderers|Everyone is in pain. Most people think pain in massage means something is happening, and if they can endure it, they will be improved, but sometimes the only thing pain means is pain.It a very easy mistake to make, though.. She’d refused for the longest time to get therapy or take any psychoactive drugs because she’d felt that the “darkness” was necessary, not just for her as an actor, but as a human being. You didn’t have to feel slightly terrible all the time, as it turns out. Her only worry now was that slightly terrible was not a flaw in her chemistry, but an appropriate response to being the kind of person that she was. “You’re very hard on yourself,” Luke said. “Can you imagine the kind of person that I’d be if I wasn’t hard on myself?” she said back. Luke should be sympathetic. He was hoping to improve the human race, and it would be hard to get there if the human race thought it was already fantastic, thanks very much.Well, she could still go dark, if she needed to, she could go dark right now. Yesterday she had done Terror. She’d done Fear and Dejection and Remorse. And because she had done Remorse as fully as a person could do it, she knew that she hadn’t ever experienced that kind of pure Remorse before. What she’d felt in the past was polluted Remorse, because half the time she was sorry she was also privately resentful and building a case about why the actions that had led to Remorse could be justified.
Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go|Memories, even your most precious ones, fade surprisingly quickly. But I don’t go along with that. The memories I value most, I don’t ever see them fading.
sunny-drunk|It is not always a problem finding the truth, it is however sometimes a problem accepting it.
Amy Cohen, The Late Bloomer's Revolution: A Memoir|This was one of those moments when I realized that my emotional baggage, once a few neatly packed pieces, was now like the Joads' truck, stacked high with old clothes, half a rocking chair, a mule, all barely secured with twine.
Pema Chödrön, The Pocket Pema Chodron|We can learn to act and think in ways that sow seeds of our future well-being, gradually becoming more aware of what causes happiness as well as what causes distress.
Sharman Apt Russell, Hunger: An Unnatural History|In famine, a focus on women and children highlights biology: here is a mother who cannot feed her child, a breakdown in the natural order of life. This focus obscures who and what is to blame for the famine, politically and economically, and can lead to the belief that a biological response, more food, will solve the problem.
Gillian Jacobs|In the romantic sense, I'm pretty useless with guys. If I see somebody who I'm attracted to, generally I just think, 'Oh well, he's not interested in me.' The only time that I talk to guys is when they talk to me first.
Stéphane Mallarmé|The flesh is sad, alas, and I have read all the books.
Laura Teresa Marquez|When we get impatient because something is taking too long, we should remember that Life waits on us a thousand times more than we wait on Life.
Elizabeth Gillies|Obviously, a long-distance relationship is hard. But, like anything worth having, you make it work.
Alfred Korzybski|God created man and, finding him not sufficiently alone, gave him a companion to make him feel his solitude more keenly.
Octavia E. Butler, Kindred|This was the face of slavery. To have nothing, and still have something more to lose.
David Perlmutter|The doctor asked what my diet was like and I had to sit down and realize it's not normal, and hadn't been normal for about 20 years.
Tom Hiddleston|The dream is to keep surprising yourself, never mind the audience.
Ralph Helfer, Modoc: The True Story of the Greatest Elephant That Ever Lived|Trees are like people and give the answers to the way of Man. They grow from the top down. Children, like treetops, have flexibility of youth, and sway more than larger adults at the bottom. They are more vulnerable to the elements, and are put to the test of survival by life's strong winds, rain, freezing cold, and hot sun. Constantly challenged. As they mature, they journey down the tree, strengthening the family unit until one day they have become big hefty branches. In the stillness below, having weathered the seasons, they now relax in their old age, no longer subject to the stress from above. It's always warmer and more enclosed at the base of the tree. The members remain protected and strong as they bear the weight and give support to the entire tree. They have the endurance.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Soared Over Fairyland and Cut the Moon in Two|September tried to show her sternness. It was becoming a habit. She could show her sternness and think about this another time, when it was quiet and no new red Moon turned somersaults in the sky. But when she reached for her sternness, all September found in her heart was the bar of a trapeze, swinging wild, inviting her to catch it....She leaned up and kissed her Marid and hoped it was the right thing. Her heart caught the bar and swung out, swung wild, over the lights and the gasps below, reaching for a pair of sure blue hands in the air and willing them to find hers.
Germain G. Glidden|I am persuaded that feminism is not at the root of political correctness. The actual source is much nastier and dares not speak its name, which is simply hatred for old people. The question of domination between men and women is relatively secondary—important but still secondary—compared to what I tried to capture in this novel, which is that we are now trapped in a world of kids. Old kids. The disappearance of patrimonial transmission means that an old guy today is just a useless ruin. The thing we value most of all is youth, which means that life automatically becomes depressing, because life consists, on the whole, of getting old.
Eknath Easwaran, Take Your Time: How to Find Patience, Peace, and Meaning|Children naturally ask all kinds of questions and take a long time to tell their stories, and in millions of homes the parents are doing something else as they reply, “Yes, yes, I see.” And in millions of homes, the parents are surprised when their children don’t listen to them.Those little bright eyes know when your attention is wandering. When they are telling you the news from school, give your full attention. Everything else can be set aside for the moment. You are teaching your children to listen to you.
Kumail Nanjiani|Honestly, this face of mine will always be familiar to people. It's that unique quality, man. If it's a dark and crowded room, people are just able to point me out. I think I'll always be famous. I just hope I don't become infamous.
Leonard Sax, Boys Adrift: The Five Factors Driving the Growing Epidemic of Unmotivated Boys and Underachieving Young Men|If you ignore the mountain, doesn't mean mountain will ignore you too..
Marilyn Suttle|Do an evening review at the end of the day to reflect on what went well, and what you'd do differently next time.
Anna Jae|Flying in his dreams was an exhilarating, breathtaking experience, sometimes literally, that tended to leave reality wanting, like riding a roller coaster compared to mowing the lawn.
Ethan Hawke, Rules for a Knight|Remember, a friend does not need you to impress him. A friend loves you because you are true to yourself, not because you agree with him. Beware of grand gestures; the real mettle of friendship is forged in life's daily workings.
Al Franken|The battle of life is, in most cases, fought uphill; and to win it without a struggle were perhaps to win it without honor. If there were no difficulties there would be no success; if there were nothing to struggle for, there would be nothing to be achieved.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|The only pride of her workday was not that it had been lived, but that it had been survived. It was wrong, she thought, it was viciously wrong that one should ever be forced to say that about any hour of one's life.
L.J. Smith|Don't you just hate that, you meet a girl she seems pretty nice, you tell all your friends and before you know it she turns out to be a vampire, don't you just hate it when that happens?
Edie Littlefield Sundby, The Mission Walker: I was given three months to live...|Acceptance of death and cancer did not mean I intended to give up, just the opposite. I was prepared to fight cancer not out of fear of dying, but out of joy of living.
Glenn Gould|If an artist wants to use his mind for creative work, cutting oneself off from society is a necessary thing
Rudolf Clausius, Abhandlungen|All mathematicians live in two different worlds. They live in a crystalline world of perfect platonic forms. An ice palace. But they also live in the common world where things are transient, ambiguous, subject to vicissitudes. Mathematicians go backward and forward from one world to another. They’re adults in the crystalline world, infants in the real one.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|A rational process is a moral process. You may make an error at any step of it, with nothing to protect you but your own severity, or you may try to cheat, to fake the evidence and evade the effort of the quest - but if devotion to truth is the hallmark of morality, then there is no greater, nobler, more heroic form of devotion than the act of a man who assumes the responsibility of thinking.
Thomas Dekker|I was 3 and a half, and there was an open call for a Coca-Cola commercial. We were living around Dallas, and my mom took me. I think they were calling for 16-year-olds that could ride horses and swing a rope, and for whatever reason, my mom took me up there when I was 3. But I always had a rope, and I was a little cowboy at that age.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|Sometimes, we feel conscious but unable to move our body. The first thing to do is focus in a prayer, then start to wink frequently.By this way, slowly but sure our body can be moved totally by our persistent willpower.
Sharad Nalawade, The Speed Of Time|When you drop a hammer and a feather together, which one hits the ground first? If you pose this question to the general public, the most expected answer is based on common sense, that the heavier objects fall faster to the ground. David Scott, the seventh man to set foot on the moon during the Apollo 15 mission, carried out this simple experiment. dropped a hammer and a feather together He onto the moon's surface and expectedly they fell on the ground together. This demonstrated Galileo's genius and corrected the general misconception that heavier objects fall faster than lighter ones because they have more affinity towards the Earth Even Aristotle was proved wrong. It becomes obvious that with bit of curiosity and application of mind and intuitiveness, one can understand the laws of nature better.
Olga Goa, Fateful Italian Passion|I'm afraid that if we move on to such topics, I won't be able to let you go safe and sound.
Jordan Silver, Broken|That’s the problem with you young people, always thinking everything comes with a price. An act of kindness is just that, nothing more.
Elizabeth Scott, The Unwritten Rule|I’m always the one who doesn’t have a date, the one guys walk up to and say, “So, is your friend, you know, with someone?” and I may not be the only girl without someone, but it feels like it sometimes. A lot of the time.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|It does not pay away a penny from you to say "am sorry", "I won't do that again"! It does not take away your integrity to appreciate the very little that you have obtained from someone, even if it's not much! True humility speaks "little is enough if God is in it.
Elizabeth Holmes|Patients are empowered by having better access to their own health information, and then by owning their own data.
C. Robert Cargill, Dreams and Shadows|I don't remember her. But she feels special. There's this hole in my heart every time I draw her; you know, a sick sort of feeling. Like she's someone I lost.
Christopher Paolini, Eldest|They may fight with us, but they don't fight for us.
Julia Leigh|I grew up around a lot of various religions, so it's a part of my consciousness in a way. Everything from heavy Catholicism to followers of Indian spiritual masters to Unitarian universalists - all in one family. Though the family aspect was stronger than any particular dogma.
Lloyd C. Douglas, The Robe|Perhaps this general degradation was the result of too much crowding, too little privacy, too much noise. You couldn't be decent if you weren't intelligent; you couldn't be intelligent if you couldn't think—and who could think in all this racket? Add the stench to the confusion of cramped quarters, and who could be self-respecting?
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Journey to the End of the Night|Their locked hands offered a stark reminder of how many scars lingered … shards of war and distressing anguish forever branded them. Yet in this endearing moment of comfort, their adversity became skinspeak between survivors phoenixing from the ashes of their perilous journey—their burning eagerness for survival overcoming the forces that once tried to stifle their light.
Vincent van Gogh, The Letters of Vincent van Gogh|My great longing is to learn to make those very incorrectnesses, those deviations, remodellings, changes of reality, so that they may become, yes, untruth if you like - but more true than the literal truth.
Urusla K. Le Guin|A twisted, pale figure writhing in agony, chest bare and hideous. Tight, rigid cords of sickly green veins webbed across the boy’s body and limbs, like ropes under his skin. Purplish bruises covered the kid, red hives, bloody scratches. His bloodshot eyes bulged, darting back and forth.
David W. Earle|Swirling in a squirrel cage of perpetual motion, the head-committee meets, argues, votes out the guidance available from emotions, and successfully keeps serenity at bay and chaos close at hand.
Hamidreza Bagheri|Unfortunately Women these days, complain A LOT about "wanting" to be equal to men, and insist that they "are" equal to men. However, when it comes to paying the check at the restaurant, paying for the wedding, or handling any other expenses, suddenly they forget the whole equality phenomenon. If you ask women why, they will just tell you that "I was with a MAN, a real man doesn't let a woman touch her purse, a real man takes care of his lady"... ((So they know the difference between a "Man" and a "Woman"... ))- Man spends, man takes responsibility, man has control...- Woman gets taken care of, women expects man to take responsibility, woman is under control!If you are a woman who "WANTS" to be equal to men, if you are a woman who wants to be "IN CONTROL" rather than being "UNDER CONTROL", start by being equal in doing the hard things first, don't let your boyfriend pay when you go out with him for a year or two, just like he did for you, don't let him pick you up at your home, drive everyday and pick him up to go out for a year or two, if you think it's so hard to do so, keep quite about it... you're not ready to be equal... You're just adequate enough to be taken care of... to be spent for...
Ken Scott|Figuring out what to do with your life is only Half of the equation, the more important half is, whom you are doing it with
Douglas Stewart|They saw her husband, this giant of a man in God’s Kingdom, this man, that for over fifteen years was their example of what a great man and husband looked like, walking up to his weeping wife, gently embracing her, soothing her, lifting and holding her soul up high while she released her own pains and worries from the last two days, feeling him, leaning into him, and submitting her pain and fears to her husband out of her love and trust. His strength was shown in his softness. He was made strong in his wife’s pain. He was her man of God
Jalaluddin Rumi|If you are irritated by every rub, how will your mirror be polished?
Søren Kierkegaard, Either/Or: A Fragment of Life|If you're going to look back on something and laugh about it, you might as well laugh about it now...Things are almost never as bad as they first seem. Loosen up, girlfriend... you could giggle more in real life.
Aesop|In the end, people are persuaded not by what we say, but by what they understand.
Roger Ailes|If your parents never had children, chances are you won't either.
Vineet Raj Kapoor|Look Below and You'll feel Rich,Look Above and You'll feel Poor
James Marcus Bach, Secrets of a Buccaneer-Scholar: How Self-Education and the Pursuit of Passion Can Lead to a Lifetime of Success|The beginning [of a journey] is a terrible time to plan. It's the moment of greatest ignorance. In self-directed education, a lot of the value comes from exploiting opportunities that arise well out to sea, once I've seen some things and begun the learning process.
Debasish Mridha|To create new reality, change the perception but not the reality.
William Shakespeare, King Henry VI, Part 2|I tell him about ... Jack and Annabel, smart and ready and I'm wondering where all that smart comes from and I figure some from parents, some from school, and some from a place inside you.
Aditya Iyengar, The Thirteenth Day|Through social media, missing persons are found; sick persons are given chances to live a healthy life. I say, that is the modern bayanihan movement.
Charles Bukowski|Walking out with the people, I didn't know which was more exciting, the air race, the parachute jump that failed, or the cunt.
Scott J. Simmerman Ph.D.|Transformation without work and pain, without suffering, without a sense of loss is just an illusion of true change.
R. Buckminster Fuller|Beauty has as many meanings as man has moods. Beauty is the symbol of symbols. Beauty reveals everything, because it expresses nothing. When it shows us itself, it shows us the whole fiery-coloured world.
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|Valkyrie, I will get answers from you one way or another. Either through this painful exercise in futility, as you believe, or through a civilized conversation.""You call this civilized?" She strained against her cuffs, leaning in to whisper, "Psst, Chase. The sexual tension between us is grueling.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana|Renewal of the mind is good for the soul because it allows you to be focused and gain understanding of your life choices. It allows you to renew your spirit and become uplifted filled with hope. Take a moment to transform those negative thoughts into something more positive. And, you will discover anything is possible when you believe.
Tacitus, Annals|Crime, once exposed, has no refuge but in audacity.
Melanie Monares|People ask whether there is Hell. Yes, there is Hell: Hate is Hell!
Michael Cunningham|But that woman is an encyclopedia!Of all vices, ancient and modern, and terribly interesting to leaf through!
R.A.Delmonico|When I first went to prison, I made the best out of it. From the streets, I was hearing reports of Rebellions going to prison and getting do in [beat up]. Our fellas had no say, couldn’t even open up their mouths. When I went up there for the first time, I turned that prison into a place that everyone could say that the Rebellions were running it after that. I wouldn’t say I did it alone, but I help set the groundwork to give the Rebellions a say in prison. Scrooge, former leader of the Rebellion Raiders street gang that once boasted of having some ten thousand members
Erich Fromm, The Revolution of Hope: Toward a Humanized Technology|If man were infinitely malleable, there would have been nor revolutions; there would have been no change because a culture would have succeeded in making man submit to its patterns without resistance. But man, being only relatively malleable, has always reacted with protest against conditions which made the disequilibrium between the social order and his human needs too drastic or unbearable. The attempt to reduce this disequilibrium and the need to establish a more acceptable and desirable solution is at the very core of the dynamism of the evolution of man in history. Man's protest arose not only because of material suffering; specifically human needs...are an equally strong motivation for revolution and the dynamics of change.
Joshua Foer|The mind itself is of the form of all, i.e., of soul, God and world; when it becomes of the form of the Self through knowledge, there is release, which is of the nature of Brahman: this is the teaching.
Gene Mauch|I don't know, I feel like any role that I play is a little piece of me, whether it's their perspective, maybe how they dress, what they think is funny, their loyalty to their friends. It all stems from Kiersey.
Sudeep Prakash Sdk|Time changes..., relation changes with time...;but, the feelings nd love... that never changes, never fades...!Infact, love nd feelings are immortal...!
Igor Stravinsky|The rich man who gives, steals twice over. First he steals the money and then the hearts of men.
Vicki Robin|The dreams we had of finding meaning and fulfillment through our jobs have faded into the reality of professional politics, burnout, boredom and intense competition.
J.M.  Richards, Tall, Dark Streak of Lightning|It’s so peaceful. I could go to sleep in here.” His eyes flickered to me once more, and for a dizzying second I wasn’t thinking about sleep or storms but about pressing my lips to his. I gave my head a slight shake and tried to slow my pulse
Geoff Dyer, Jeff in Venice, Death in Varanasi|Just as apples when unripe are torn from trees, but when ripe and mellow drop down, so it is violence that takes life from young men, ripeness from old. This ripeness is so delightful to me that, as I approach nearer to death, I seem, as it were, to be sighting land, and to be coming to port at last after a long voyage.
Terry Pratchett, The Wee Free Men|Tiffany knew what the problem was immediately. She'd seen it before, atbirthday parties. Her brother was suffering from tragic sweetdeprivation. Yes, he was surrounded by sweets. But the moment he took anysweet at all, said his sugar-addled brain, that meant he was not takingall the rest. And there were so many sweets he'd never be able to eatthem all. It was too much to cope with. The only solution was to burstinto tears.
Dan Brown, Angels & Demons|We are being called to a new and deeper passion: to those who live under the shadow of the cross and those most in need of compassion. Then we become mothers of God, sisters and brothers of Jesus, the loved disciples born in the blood of the Cross and fed on the Word of God.
Tom Morrison|We were putting into these gomers our fear of death, but who knew if they feared death? Perhaps they welcomed death like a dear long-lost cousin, grown old but still known, coming to visit, relieving the loneliness, the failing of the senses, the fury of the half-blind looking into the mirror and not recognizing who is looking back, a dear friend, a dear reliever, a healer who would be with them for an eternity, the same eternity as the long ago, before birth.
Nenia Campbell, Bleeds My Desire|Maybe that was the root of my dislike for her: she had what I wanted, which earned her my jealousy, and since I was ashamed of myself for wanting it, my scorn, as well.
Peggy Noonan|In politics, madame, you need two things: friends, but above all an enemy.
Lisa Kessler, New Moon|He brought up both hands to hold my face. "I would die for you, Isabelle.""No." I shook my head. "Live for me.
Alin Sav|Limitation is just an "imitation" of the limit. Nothing real, just mindset.
Peter Sloterdijk|I have often been asked why I maintained such a non-compromising antagonism to government and in what way I have found myself oppressed by it. In my opinion every individual is hampered by it. It exacts taxes from production. It creates tariffs, which prevent free exchange. It stands ever for the status quo and traditional conduct and belief. It comes into private lives and into most intimate personal relations, enabling the superstitious, puritanical, and distorted ones to impose their ignorant prejudice and moral servitudes upon the sensitive, the imaginative, and the free spirits. Government does this by its divorce laws, its moral censorships, and by a thousand petty persecutions of those who are too honest to wear the moral mask of respectability. In addition, government protects the strong at the expense of the weak, provides courts and laws which the rich may scorn and the poor must obey. It enables the predatory rich to make wars to provide foreign markets for the favored ones, with prosperity for the rulers and wholesale death for the ruled. However, it is not only government in the sense of the state which is destructive of every individual value and quality. It is the whole complex of authority and institutional domination which strangles life. It is the superstition, myth, pretense, evasions, and subservience which support authority and institutional domination. It is the reverence for these institutions instilled in the school, the church and the home in order that man may believe and obey without protest. Such a process of devitalizing and distorting personalities of the individual and of whole communities may have been a part of historical evolution; but it should be strenuously combated by every honest and independent mind in an age which has any pretense to enlightenment.
Debasish Mridha|To be magnificent, attract beauty like a magnet.
Fred Whitehead, Free-Thought on the American Frontier|I Am PrimateI was once taught, that I am a soul in a body.I once believed I was separate from the earth.A stranger in a strange land,a sinner in need of a Savior.But, isn't this my home? This beautiful world?Isn't this my form?These hands, these eyes, this touch?Am I to believe I have violated a rule,just by being born?Who claims this right to judge,and on what authority do you stand?The truth screams out from my cells.I am not the imagination of a God,I am a voice in the earth,I am that which you deny!The earth is my home and the stars my destiny.I will touch the planets throughthe hands of my children. . . not the will of your ghost!I am a voice in the evolutionary continuumand I claim the right to be alive,without your story.For I Am Human, I Am Proud,and I AM . . . PRIMATE!
Yuval Noah Harari, קיצור תולדות האנושות|As we face the cross, then, we can say to ourselves both, “I did it, my sins sent him there,” and “He did it, his love took him there.
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|If you care to know, majority of successful people in the world were all struck by limitations in one way or the other. What made them great isn’t the absence of limitations; but it was their persistence to rise in the face of those limitations.
Deyth Banger|How to get it, I annoy you???You are not interested???What's the idea???
Susan  Boles|Life. Is a sentence, therein, weave your story toward freedom.
Harriet Beecher Stowe, Uncle Tom's Cabin|If ever you have had a romantic, uncalculating friendship, - a boundless worship and belief in some hero of your soul, - if ever you have so loved, that all cold prudence, all selfish worldly considerations have gone down like drift-wood before a river flooded with new rain from heaven, so that you even forgot yourself, and were ready to cast your whole being into the chasm of existence, as an offering before the feet of another, and all for nothing, - if you awoke bitterly betrayed and deceived, still give thanks to God that you have had one glimpse of heaven. The door now shut will open again. Rejoice that the noblest capability of your eternal inheritance has been made known to you; treasure it, as the highest honor of your being, that ever you could so feel, -that so divine a guest ever possessed your soul.
Hari Kunzru|There are those who maintain that in this world women have no right to interfere in the affairs of state, in politics, in plots and counter-plots. Others that are who, more chivalrous, are willing to admit that women have as much right to act, think, and speak as men.
Gail Honeyman, Eleanor Oliphant is Completely Fine|If someone asks you how you are, you are meant to say FINE. You are not meant to say that you cried yourself to sleep last night because you hadn't spoken to another person for two consecutive days. FINE is what you say.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Pain is inevitable, yet suffering is optional. It is our heart connections that make all the difference. When we experience mental, physical, emotional, or spiritual pain – love is the one medicine that transcends any synthetic or organic drug we use to suppress pain.
Kiran Bisht|When I go running through the forest on hot days, if I stop for any reason, in that very moment mosquitoes will attack me. If I keep moving, they do not bother me. This motivates me to continue without resting. Imagine how wonderful it would be if every time we stopped being active in life the Universe would send us a signal that would push us to carry on. Guess what, it does. When the life we lead does not align with our passions, depression bites at us so we will change our ways. If we eat poorly and live sedentary, we are often afflicted with a serious health condition. We do not get sick, or become ill so that we can blame God, curse our genetics, or give up on life. These conditions arise to motivate us so we will correct our errors and clean up our mistakes. The reason why we are confronted with failures on our mission to obtain happiness is not so we can dwell in misery, but rather for us to reshape our desires and go after what we are destined to succeed with. The Universe is working in our favor, not against us. It is okay to rest at times, but if we do not want to get bit by misfortunes, then we must remain active in our pursuit of a better life.
Vironika Tugaleva|Love me only for my actions, and I will grow stressed. Love me only for my body, and I will grow paranoid. Love me only for my words, and I will grow bitter.Love me only for my soul, and I will grow.
Thomas More|No matter how much money you have or what kind of cocoon you live in, the reality is that you have lost a game of football and let England's fans down. We are bothered.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Life's pretty good, and why wouldn't it be? I'm a pirate, after all
Anna Smaill, The Chimes|When the music comes, you try to see it shining between your eyes. Like threads stretched taut and the notes as colored beads threaded on. When you get very good, it's as if you can see inside the music, through it. You bring the music alive, bring it into being. As if you're the one composing.
|As you straighten your hand to receive some blessings from God, be sure to extended your other hand to help someone who is in desperate need, despite how small it might be.
Rick Riordan|But family connections are weird. Even if your relatives aren't good to you, they're still your blood. You can't lose that connection completely. And believe me, I've got a few relatives on my dad's side I'd love to lose.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|All the world seemed suddenly dream, for in what waking world would a prince deceive his own people for the benefit of a slave? ~ Ayden
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|Russell commented that the development of such gifted individuals (referring to polymaths) required a childhood period in which there was little or no pressure for conformity, a time in which the child could develop and pursue his or her own interests no matter how unusual or bizarre.
Robin Bielman, Blame it on the Kiss|She's an adversary, but undeniably an equal. Maybe she can bring me back from the beyond. If anyone can do it, I'm beginning to realize it could be her. Like she said, all I have to do is try.
Debasish Mridha|Until we learn to love each other, try to understand each other, and be compassionate to each other, peace will be an illusion.
John Taylor Gatto|Genius is an exceedingly common human quality, probably natural to most of us.
Iain Duncan Smith|Most people don't realize, I really have no faith in politics. I'm not a politician. If I thought you could change human hearts by laws, I would, but I don't.
Lysander Spooner|Apparently these new rulers of the world did not indulge in any drinking or smoking to soften their moods when they met, which Menelaus knew to be a big mistake. The Congress of the United States, back before the Disunion, always met sober, and look at what had come of that.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|This is not your standard “How to restore” your VW Beetle book. It’s also not a workshop manual. Aside from a basic rundown on the differences between various bug models through the years, there is a section on some things you can do to preserve your bug. Mostly however, what I’ve done is reviewed all the things I did to my bugsand put those ideas together as cheap, skillful, cheap, d.i.y, cheap means of enhancing your grocery getter’s performance and handling.
Hank Bracker|The Hudson BurlesqueOf all the theaters I miss from that era, the Hudson Theatre tops the list. It was built in what was then called Union Hill, early in December 1907. We called it the Hudson Burlesque, and it featured striptease artists such as Lili St. Cyr, Gypsy Rose Lee and Tempest Storm. Being too young to get into the theatre on my own, I usually offered an adult standing in line some money to take me in. Once inside, I would head for the front of the theatre to the fire exit on the right side of the orchestra seating. It was all prearranged with my friends waiting outside! With one kick, the door would open, allowing them to come streaming in. There were not enough ushers to catch us all, so some of us would invariably be caught and evicted, only to try to gain access again. It was all great fun!“I don't think there is such a thing as being too raunchy when it comes to the art form of burlesque.” Christina Aguilera, American singer-songwriter and actress.From the upcoming book “Seawater One.
Gordon W. Allport, Becoming: Basic Considerations for a Psychology of Personality|Philosophically speaking, values are the termini of our intentions. We never fully achieve them.
Ruta Sepetys, Salt to the Sea|One thousand brilliant stars punched holes in my consciousness, pricking me with longing. I could stare at the stars for hours, their infinite number and depth pulling me into a part of myself that I ignored during the day.
William Faulkner, A Fable|The phenomenon of war is its hermaphroditism: the principles of victory and of defeat inhabit the same body and the necessary opponent, enemy, is merely the bed they self-exhaust each other on.
Irin Sintriana, Love Sweet Love|Love is a struggle, hard to get and hard to leave.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|His head was on one side, listening to me, and that was such sweeness to me, that he listened intently. No one, it seemed, has ever listened like he does.
A. Ashley Straker, Infected Connection|Something was wrong with the devices themselves. Digging deep into the internal structure of the circuit boards with powerful microscopes, Simon's team had discovered broken and incorrect connections, electronic dead-ends, short circuits, and nonsensical pathways.
Noreena Hertz|Mark Ruffalo, aka the Incredible Hulk, is the natural gas industry's worst nightmare: a serious, committed activist who is determined to use his star power as a superhero in the hottest movie of the moment to draw attention the environmental and public health risks of fracking.
Seth Godin, Tribes: We Need You to Lead Us|Leadership, on the other hand, is about creating change you believe in.
Victoria Addino|I don't agree that when you love, you are blind or fool. You just get wiser and see clearer what is best and of worth.
Sharon Sala, Second Chances|Having a baby is part of a woman's life, and it is surely a great waste to be afraid of life.
Swami Ritajananda, The Practice of Meditation|Science tells us what we can know, but what we can know is little, and if we forget how much we cannot know, we become insensitive to many things of great importance.
Gabrielle Zevin, The Storied Life of A.J. Fikry|If this were a novel, I'd stop reading right now. I'd throw it across the room.
Zayn Malik, Zayn: The Official Autobiography|I was brought up,' Freddy informed him, 'not to suffer anxiety about decisive initiative of all types.
Terry Pratchett, Soul Music|It was sad music. But it waved its sadness like a battle flag. It said the universe had done all it could, but you were still alive.
H.D.  Smith, Dark Forsaken|Each October I walk into the woodslooking for bones: rabbit skulls,a grackle spine, the pelvis of a deerwith the blood bleached out. What diedin the lush of roses and mintshines out from the tangle of twigsthat bind it to the placeof its last leaping. The living lackthat kind of clarity. In late April,when the water spreads out and outtill everything is lilies and seepage,there is only the mystery of tracks,a rustle receding in the many reeds.And so the bones accumulateacross my windowsill: the flightlesswings and exaggerated grins,the silent unmoving remindersof where the glories of April lead.
Retta|Arab civilizations had been of an abstract nature, moral and intellectual rather than applied; and their lack of public spirit made their excellent private qualities futile. They were fortunate in their epoch: Europe had fallen barbarous; and the memory of Greek and Latin learning was fading from men's minds.
Josh Keaton|For an artist, a good place to be is you have some kind of influence and power to get things done, but in your essence you remain a nomad or a soldier facing a difficulty to be overcome.
Curtis Rivers, Seven Paths to Freedom|Your hopes and dreams are like a giant helium balloon, tugging on your hand to take you above the clouds, to that quiet place of peace and contentment. All you have to do is stop resisting, to let go - and ALLOW your hopes and dreams to take you there.
Jennifer Lynn Barnes, Every Other Day|Bethany blinked. "Did you just hit me?" she asked, disbelief coloring her every feature.Skylar raised both hands, palms outward. "I come in peace!""You do not come in peace. You hit me.""I hit in peace!
Debasish Mridha|I want to be born and reborn as a cherry tree so that I may beautify this world with my blossoms, feed everyone with my nectar of love fruits, and purify the air with my calmly dancing leaves.
Malcolm Forbes|We must go fast, because the race is against time.
Gemma B. Benton, Then She Sang A Willow Song: Reclaiming Life and Power with the Ancestors|Let your heart sing from those wounded places.When you sing your song with everything you've got,it will not only heal you, but it will heal all of us through you.
Darynda Jones, First Grave on the Right|He bombarded me with words, of all things, apparently clueless to the fact that the predawn hours rendered me incapable of coherent thought.
Chris Stapleton|I'm just really, really thankful. I'm thankful to the doctors; I'm thankful to the family that donated the kidney.
James Allen, As a Man Thinketh|Let a man radically alter his thoughts, and he will be astonished at the rapid transformation it will effect in the material conditions of his life. Men imagine that thought can be kept secret, but it cannot; it rapidly crystallizes into habit, and habit solidifies into circumstance. Bestial thoughts crystallize into habits of drunkenness and sensuality, which solidify into circumstances of destitution and disease: impure thoughts of every kind crystallize into enervating and confusing habits, which solidify into distracting and adverse circumstances: thoughts of fear, doubt, and indecision crystallize into weak, unmanly, and irresolute habits, which solidify into circumstances of failure, indigence, and slavish dependence: lazy thoughts crystallize into habits of uncleanliness and dishonesty, which solidify into circumstances of foulness and beggary: hateful and condemnatory thoughts crystallize into habits of accusation and violence, which solidify into circumstances of injury and persecution: selfish thoughts of all kinds crystallize into habits of self-seeking, which solidify into circumstances more or less distressing. On the other hand, beautiful thoughts of all kinds crystallize into habits of grace and kindliness, which solidify into genial and sunny circumstances: pure thoughts crystallize into habits of temperance and self-control, which solidify into circumstances of repose and peace: thoughts of courage, self-reliance, and decision crystallize into manly habits, which solidify into circumstances of success, plenty, and freedom: energetic thoughts crystallize into habits of cleanliness and industry, which solidify into circumstances of pleasantness: gentle and forgiving thoughts crystallize into habits of gentleness, which solidify into protective and preservative circumstances: loving and unselfish thoughts crystallize into habits of self-forgetfulness for others, which solidify into circumstances of sure and abiding prosperity and true riches.A particular train of thought persisted in, be it good or bad, cannot fail to produce its results on the character and circumstances. A man cannot directly choose his circumstances, but he can choose his thoughts, and so indirectly, yet surely, shape his circumstances.
Agatha Christie, Crooked House|Child's evidence is always the best evidence there is. I'd rely on it every time. No good in court, of course. Children can't stand being asked direct questions. They mumble or else look idiotic and say they don't know. They're at their best when they're showing off.
Michael  Rogers, Tales Of|Do not allow a lack of one's own talent or confidence shackle the door prior to even opening it." (Ginger Susanoo, 2018).
Ursula K. Le Guin, Lavinia|Aeneas' mother is a star?""No; a goddess."I said cautiously, "Venus is the power that we invoke in spring, in the garden, when things begin growing. And we call the evening star Venus."He thought it over. Perhaps having grown up in the country, among pagans like me, helped him understand my bewilderment. "So do we, he said. "But Venus also became more...With the help of the Greeks. They call her Aphrodite...There was a great poet who praised her in Latin. Delight of men and gods, he called her, dear nurturer. Under the sliding star signs she fills the ship-laden sea and the fruitful earth with her being; through her the generations are conceived and rise up to see the sun; from her the storm clouds flee; to her the earth, the skillful maker, offers flowers. The wide levels of the sea smile at her, and all the quiet sky shines and streams with light..."It was the Venus I had prayed to, it was my prayer, though I had no such words. They filled my eyes with tears and my heart with inexpressible joy.
Jamaluddin Jamali, From History to Chance|Everything in life has its price, and often the heaviest prices we pay are not in terms of money.
Mary Sage Nguyen|I don't want to write about real things, I would rather write about an uncontrollable parasitic twin.
Salman Rushdie|I don't remember when i was born.Death I haven't experienced yet.All I know is I'm here now and right up until my used by date comes , I'm going to shake that tree of life until every leaf falls off.
Debasish Mridha|When you touch the moon with beloved eyes, you behold a glimpse of an amazing life.
Vince Lombardi|Faith is an act of a finite being who is grasped by, and turned to, the infinite.
Christopher Paolini, Eldest|(...)best of luck, avoid roasted cabbage, don't eat earwax, and look on the bright side of life!
Anna Belfrage|How old are you?""About fifteen, I think. Though I still feel the same as I always did," Bod said, but Mother Slaughter interrupted, "And I still feels like I done when I was a tiny slip of a thing, making daisy chains in the old pasture. You're always you, and that don't change, and you're always changing, and there's nothing you can do about it.
Ana Claudia Antunes, The Witches Of Avignon|Advice for the wise: You"d better bite your tongueRather than cast a spell wrong.
Richard Russo|I'm a culture vulture, and I just want to experience it all.
Patrick Harpur, A Complete Guide to the Soul|What you knew in your childhood is true; the Otherworld of magic and enchantment is real, sometimes terribly real - and certainly more real than the factual reality which our culture has built up, brick by brick, to shut out colour and light and prevent us from flying.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Beware: open-mindedness will often say, 'Everything is permissible except a sharp opinion.
Ally Condie, Matched|I was born walking, born in the nowhere between galaxies.
William Shakespeare, Coriolanus|[Shakespeare} the word-coining genius, as if thought plunged into a sea of words and came up dripping
John Vaillant, The Tiger: A True Story of Vengeance and Survival|As long as they are carnivorous and/or humanoid, the monster's form matters little. Whether it is Tyrannosaurus rex, saber toothed tiger, grizzly bear, werewolf, bogeyman, vampire, Wendigo, Rangda, Grendel, Moby-Dick, Joseph Stalin, the Devil, or any other manifestation of the Beast, all are objects of dark fascination, in large part because of their capacity to consciously, willfully destroy us. What unites these creatures--ancient or modern, real or imagined, beautiful or repulsive, animal, human, or god--is their superhuman strength, malevolent cunning, and, above all, their capricious, often vengeful appetite--for us. This, in fact, is our expectation of them; it's a kind of contract we have. In this capacity, the seemingly inexhaustible power of predators to fascinate us--to "capture attention"--fulfills a need far beyond morbid titillation. It has a practical application. Over time, these creatures or, more specifically, the dangers they represent, have found their way into our consciousness and taken up permanent residence there. In return, we have shown extraordinary loyalty to them--to the point that we re-create them over and over in every medium, through every era and culture, tuning and adapting them to suit changing times and needs. It seems they are a key ingredient in the glue that binds us to ourselves and to each other.
Abdulkareem Bkar|When the fear of failure triumphs over the repugnance of mediocrity, we must resign ourselves to the status quo. Every change, every opportunity to do something different will send us running to hide beneath a cover of excuses and complacency. Those few courageous souls who delve into the lands where they risk failure, will be soundly ridiculed. They will be condemned not because they dream, but rather for making their dreams real and destroying the illusion that all that can be thought has been thought, all that can be done has been done, and all that can be felt has been felt. In their enthusiastic insolence, they see life filled with infinite possibilities and they know they must chart their own course, even if they must go alone.
F. Sionil José|There is nothing in the world which an artist cannot recreate into something poetic, ennobling. And why do we read these things? They are not facts, they do not improve our business skills, our techniques in manufacturing goods, the management of a home. That is what most of you will be doing anyway. We read these because they teach us about people, we can see ourselves in them, in their problems. And by seeing ourselves in them, we clarify ourselves, we explain ourselves to ourselves, so we can live with ourselves…
John Green, Looking for Alaska|Instead of hating, my heart cries mercy! Mercy on me! Mercy on me! Mercy on me!
G.K. Chesterton|I had never really understood what an adventure life could be, if you followed your heart and did what you really wanted to do, which is what we must all do in the end.
Alasdair MacIntyre, After Virtue: A Study in Moral Theory|It is through hearing stories about wicked stepmothers, lost children, good but misguided kings, wolves that suckle twin boys, youngest sons who receive no inheritance but must make their own way in the world, and eldest sons who waste their inheritance on riotous living and go into exile to live with the swine, that children learn or mislearn both what a child and what a parent is, what the cast of characters may be in the drama into which they have been born and what the ways of the world are.
|You can't continue to complain about the lack of happiness in your life, but at the same time holding on to the thoughts that produce unhappiness. Consistent negative thoughts and the feeling of happiness can never co-exist in the same mind at the same time.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Considering the notion that the spiritual battlefield is infinitely greater than the physical, perhaps God is more willing to bless with a sort of divine ecstasy those who see the devil as the enemy rather than those who see other people as the enemies.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|It's not my fault, that I'm flat chested and a midget!
F. Scott Fitzgerald|I have lived so long within the circle of this book [Tender Is The Night] and with these characters that often it seems to me that the real world does not exist but that only these characters exist, and, however pretentious that remark sounds....it is an absolute fact---so much so that their glees and woes are just exactly as important to me as what happens in life.
Patricia C. Wrede, Across the Great Barrier|She is clothed in strength and dignity, and she laughs without fear of the future.
Andrea Goeglein|When you go against the flow of nature and betray the spiritual laws existing within, there will always be a negative reaction.
Rebecca Berto, Drowning in You|He pries me from his chest and drops his hand from the back of my head, tracing my ear, along my jawline. He snatches his fingers a moment before they press into my lip.
B.G. Bowers, Death and Life|Those who nurse secrets, nurse a chaotic world of amplified silence.
Katherine Anne Porter|Only God gets it right the first time and only a slob says, "Oh well, let it go, that's what copyeditors are for.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|She took another step. The simple motion of her moving leg was like a dance, the unexaggerated shifting of her hip entrancing as a fire. The arch of her bare foot said more of sex than anything I'd seen in my young life.
Corina Abdulahm-Negura|Let us not take offence over small cheese, let things slide off when they don’t really matter, not take things personally, be free to make better use of our energy, to get on with something meaningful instead.
Debasish Mridha|As sunlight is for flowers, so is love for life.
Jeaniene Frost|How often do you have to drink?” “Every night, to feel good. Every few nights, to stay sane.” “Have you ever bitten anyone?” “No. I’m not a murderer.” “Does it have to be fatal every time? The biting? Couldn’t you just drink some of a person’s blood, then walk away?” “I can’t believe you’re asking me this, Snow. You, who can’t walk away from half a sandwich.
David Walsh|If people were more concerned with how they looked on the inside, then on the outside, the world would be a nicer place to exist.
Deyth Banger|Who can be your killer or who can kill you and how they react??Nice question, I just look as a killer, so here is how it goes a killer can be everyone he probably can want to kill you, then somebody kill him and then this person wants to kill you... Isn't it a reverse???Mind Hunters is a film about reverse, if you wanna check out this film!?The killers are silent and react fact, think double, think in such way that to be caged... awesome isn't it??
Hermann Hesse|What we can and should change is ourselves: our impatience, our egoism (including intellectual egoism), our sense of injury, our lack of love and forbearance. I regard every other attempt to change the world, even if it springs from the best intentions, as futile.
Amy  Miller, Beyond Companionship: Connecting with Kindred Souls of Animal Companions.|If you love someone or something, you acknowledge and are expressing your oneness with it. Love is simply the recognition of Oneness.
Clara Bensen, No Baggage: A Minimalist Tale of Love and Wandering|My unfurling began with stillness. Instead of sprinting from terror or trying to karate chop the emptiness away, I set out a welcome mat. If I was going to be mad, I might as well acquaint myself with madness. It was an open house for monsters and I turned none away. I sat breathing in and out, sometimes for hours, as a parade of pronged horns, sharp claws, and hungry jaws moved past, invisible bodies breathing hot against my neck. (p. 240)
Terence McKenna|No other drug can compete with cannabis for its ability to satisfy the innate yearnings for Archaic boundary dissolution and yet leave intact the structures of ordinary society. If every alcoholic were a pothead, if every crack user were a pothead, if every smoker smoked only cannabis, the social consequences of the ‘drug problem’ would be transformed. Yet, as a society we are not ready to discuss the possibility of self-managed addictions and the possibility of intelligently choosing the plants we ally ourselves to. In time, and perhaps out of desperation, this will come.
Philippe Petit|For an American, there's no automatic place where people love the art of poetry. There's not a social class that considers poetry its property the way in some countries there's a snob value to the art.
Vicki Pettersson, City of Souls|There's this mental illness, right? It's called 'anhedonia.' It means 'without pleasure.' You can look it up, though all you really need to do is look around." She motioned to the door the other women had disappeared through, and to the world at large. "A good deal of people, mostly women, spend their entire lives in this state. It's a sort of half-death. But if you recognize this, you can fix it...You focus on bliss. Small pleasures. Fill your day with as many as you can fit into twenty-four hours. You devote every possible moment not to fulfilling another person-a man-but yourself."-Suzanne"Sounds hedonistic"- Joanna"But once you can do this, you start attracting everyone to you. You dont need compare yourself to some other girl, no matter how young or firm or perky she is.....Trust me. A woman like this, one at her best? We're the color of the world. We're the light and the beauty. So focus on your pleasure, and the man you want can't help but realize...that he may be a prince...but your a goddess.-Suzanne
Katherine Mansfield|THE CURE FOR EXHAUSTIONSometimes, exhaustedwith toil and endeavour,I wish I could sleepfor ever and ever;but then this reflectionmy longing allays:I shall be doing itone of these days.
William F. Buckley, Jr.|Money couldn't buy friends, but you got a better class of enemy.
Alin Sav|Leadership is simple, if the leaders starts to serve first.
Heather O'Neill|Though there are exceptions, Hinduism, Buddhism, and Taoism tend to stress desirable states of consciousness, escaping the fretful, self-aware state of mind that so often makes everyday living a burden. For mystics from the Abrahamic faiths, however, the inward odyssey is also an upward odyssey, a quest for personal and vital communion with an infinite Being.
Harriet Martineau|Any one must see at a glance that if men and women marry those whom they do not love, they must love those whom they do not marry.
Stephen Curry|The parenting style that is good for grit is also the parenting style good for most other things: Be really, really demanding, and be very, very supportive.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|If you want to be drunk, become drunk with an idea. If you want pleasure, have pleasure from the pursuit of your passion. If you want to be indoctrinated, then be so by the natural law of humanism.
Myles Munroe|If you keep people down so they dont become better than you, you gotta stay there to keep them down so you dont progress yourself.What kind of wahala (Suffering) is that ?Leave them to progress so you can expand.
Adam Snowflake|They've been practicing racism so long, it's perfect.
Roger Waters|We should weep for men at their birth, not at their death.
Bertrand Russell|Love is wise; hatred is foolish. In this world, which is getting more and more closely interconnected, we have to learn to tolerate each other, we have to learn to put up with the fact that some people say things that we don't like. We can only live together in that way. But if we are to live together, and not die together, we must learn a kind of charity and a kind of tolerance, which is absolutely vital to the continuation of human life on this planet.
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|I am in the night of the stars.The moon is new and I see my way by focusing on the light given off by the Souls of the trees. The night air is thick and dark and sweet, like blueberries. It enters my nose and throat and ears to fill me up with its night magic.My ancestors are with me. They are in me. I can hear them. I felt them all day. My great grandmother, Lily Rose, came first. They will guide me with voices that flicker like lightening bugs, orange, hot, liquid glow in the moment.
Campbell Brown|We're the roughest people in the way we play and live, and that is because Americans come from people who all got up one morning and went 5,000 miles, and that was a time in the 19th century when it wasn't so easy to do.
J.C. Joranco|Can you imagine how many people got laid in here?" Abby said, walking to the other side of the Jacuzzi.
Jaako J. Wallenius|MARK ARM : Even if I did talk to [Layne Staley], I don’t know what I would have said. Seeing him so far down the line on this trajectory that he had set for himself made me queasy. It seemed to me like once he discovered heroin, he decided he was going to fully embrace it. Based on the songs on Dirt, he just jumped in. There was no turning back. It was unfortunate and pathetic. That was the myth he made for himself, and he was living it out.
Holly Lynn Payne, DAMASCENA - The Tale of Roses and Rumi|Purge everything that's holding you back. Whatever it is you feel you are being deprived of, trust the limitation serves to bring you more of what you want.
Marcel Proust, Time Regained|When the work is the best work, it's more like being a secretary than it is a creative person, you just sort of take the stuff down.
Portia Nelson|Life is a deep and contemplative story stuck on repeat. love, loss, self-destruction, self-discovery
Brian Andreas, Traveling Light: Stories & Drawings for a Quiet Mind|You may not remember the time you let me go first. Or the time you dropped back to tell me it wasn't that far to go. Or the time you waited at the crossroads for me to catch up. You may not remember any of those, but I do and this is what I have to say to you: Today, no matter what it takes, we ride home together.
Walter Koenig|The struggle of democratic secularism, religious tolerance, individual freedom and feminism against authoritarian patriarchal religion, culture and morality is going on all over the world - including the Islamic world, where dissidents are regularly jailed, killed, exiled or merely intimidated and silenced.
Wilson Mizner|Art is a collaboration between God and the artist, and the less the artist does the better.
De philosopher DJ Kyos|It’s sad that most of our real life problems that affect us daily, don't make it as breaking news on facebook. They are not trending on twitter or not glamorous enough for instagram and those problems are the ones that take away our happiness. The problems that other people don't know about. The ones we fight alone everyday and every night.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|Faith, the least exclusive club on Earth, has the craftiest doorman. Every time I've stepped through its wide-open doorway, I find myself stepping out on the street again.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Seventeen, eh!" said Hagrid as he accepted a bucket-sized glass of wine from Fred."Six years to the day we met, Harry, d’yeh remember it?""Vaguely," said Harry, grinning up at him. "Didn’t you smash down the front door, give Dudley a pig’s tail, and tell me I was a wizard?""I forge’ the details," Hagrid chortled.
Tim Mackintosh-Smith, Travels with a Tangerine: A Journey in the Footnotes of Ibn Battutah|There was yet another disadvantage attaching to the whole of Newton’s physical inquiries, ... the want of an appropriate notation for expressing the conditions of a dynamical problem, and the general principles by which its solution must be obtained. By the labours of LaGrange, the motions of a disturbed planet are reduced with all their complication and variety to a purely mathematical question. It then ceases to be a physical problem; the disturbed and disturbing planet are alike vanished: the ideas of time and force are at an end; the very elements of the orbit have disappeared, or only exist as arbitrary characters in a mathematical formula.
Antony John, Five Flavors of Dumb|Some people are naturally good, you know, and others are not. I'm one of the others.
Paul Kalanithi|Look around you, Ethan." I said. "The end of the world. Is this the reward you want? Do you really want everything destroyed - the good with the bad? Everything?" "There is no throne to Nemesis, " Ethan muttered. "No throne to my mother." "You said your mom is the goddess of balance," I reminded him. "The minor gods deserve better, Ethan, but total destruction isn't balance. Kronos doesn't build. He only destroys." Ethan looked at the sizzling throne of Hephaestus. Grover's music kept playing, and Ethan swayed to it, as if the song was filling him with nostalgia - a wish to see a beautiful day, to be anywhere but here. His good eye blinked. Hen he charged...but not at me. While Kronos was still on his knees, Ethan brought his sword down on the Titan lord's neck. It should have killed him instantly, but the blade shattered. Ethan fell back, grasping his stomach. A shard of his own blade had ricocheted and pierced his armor. Kronos rose unsteadily, towering over his servant. "Treason," he snarled. Grover's music kept playing, and grass grew around Ethan's body. Ethan stared at me, his face tight with pain. "Deserve better, " he gasped. "If they just...had thrones-" Kronos stomped his foot, and the floor ruptured around Ethan Nakamura. The son of Nemesis fell through a fissure that went straight through the heart of the mountain - straight into open air. "So much for him." Kronos picked up his sword. "And now for the rest of you.
St. Hildegard of Bingen|Dare to declare who you are. It is not far from the shores of silence to the boundaries of speech. The path is not long, but the way is deep. You must not only walk there, you must be prepared to leap.
Debasish Mridha|Like a child, always enjoy the world.
David Hume, An Enquiry Concerning Human Understanding|Here then we are first to consider a book, presented to us by a barbarous and ignorant people, written in an age when they were still more barbarous, and in all probability long after the facts which it relates, corroborated by no concurring testimony, and resembling those fabulous accounts, which every nation gives of its origin.
Alec Baldwin|Despite the myth that men are less committed, they are predisposed to desire marriage.
Atle Jarnæs Lerøy|Even this little moment is a blessing.Life is always full of hope, if you only let it in
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Christmas: Soulfully Inspiring You in the Days Leading Up to Christmas and Beyond!|Amidst such Soulful freedom, Christmas is never hindered - but, freely embraced.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|How can I put this? There's a king of gap between what I think is real and what's really real. I get this feeling like some kind of little something-or-other is there, somewhere inside me... like a burglar is in the house, hiding in a wardrobe... and it comes out every once in a while and messes up whatever order or logic I've established for myself. The way a magnet can make a machine go crazy.
Suzette Boon, Coping with Trauma-Related Dissociation: Skills Training for Patients and Therapists|People with Complex PTSD suffer from more severe and frequent dissociation symptoms, as well as memory and attention problems, than those with simple PTSD. In addition to amnesia due to the activity of various parts of the self, people may experience difficulties with concentration, attention, other memory problems and general spaciness. These symptoms often accompany dissociation of the personality, but they are also common in people who do not have dissociative disorders. For example everyone can be spacey, absorbed in an activity, or miss an exit on the highway. When various parts of the personality are active, by definition, a person experiences some kind of abrupt change in attention and consciousness.
Ronald Reagan|It's not the error in the book, it's the thought that counts.
Joseph Fink, Welcome to Night Vale|Why is it when people are proud of me that my life sucks?”“Because growing up means making tough choices, and doing the right thing doesn’t necessarily mean doing the thing that feels good.
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|Matthew had won this battle—a battle in a war marked no more by yards on an open field, but by scars unseen.
Lemony Snicket, The Reptile Room|Shit. The mind gets up to funny tricks, doesn't it? Shadows grow faces.
Jean-Paul Sartre|One can ask why the I has to appear in the cogito {Descartes’ argument “I think therefore I am.}, since the cogito, if used rightly, is the awareness of pure consciousness, not directed at any fact or action. In fact the I is not necessary here, since it is never united directly to consciousness. One can even imagine a pure and self-aware consciousness which thinks of itself as impersonal spontaneity.
Jon Katz, A Dog Year: Twelve Months, Four Dogs, and Me|You must make a counter-culture decision to focus on becoming more like Jesus. Otherwise, other forces like peers, parents, coworkers, and culture will try to mold you into their image.
Leonard Nimoy|When you give yourself, you receive more than you give.
Geri Halliwell|I do get scared, but I think - like it says in another book I've read - feel the fear and do it anyway. I try to have courage, pray a little bit and work through it. I'd rather try, even if I fail.
Virginie Despentes, King Kong Theorie|In much the same way, motherhood has become the essential female experience, valued above all others: giving life is where it's at. "Pro-maternity" propaganda has rarely been so extreme. They must be joking, the modern equivalent of the double constraint: "Have babies, it's wonderful, you'll feel more fulfilled and feminine than ever," but do it in a society in freefall in which waged work is a condition of social survival but guaranteed to no one, and especially not to women. Give birth in cities where accommodation is precarious, schools have surrendered the fight and children are subject to the most vicious mental assault through advertising, TV, internet, fizzy drink manufacturers and so on. Without children you will never be fulfilled as a woman, but bringing up kids in decent conditions is almost impossible.
Alton Brown|In an ideal world, I'd spend every weekend at my home in Zermatt in Switzerland.
James Corden|Guitar is the best form of self-expression I know. Everything else, and I'm just sort of tripping around, trying to figure my way through life.
Mike Birbiglia|I never looked at my parents' marriage or really anyone who had been married more than 30 years and thought, 'I gotta get me some of that!'
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Having a purpose is one thing, but the quickening is a total animation of passion.
Matthew W. Corrigan|People who live with mental illnesses are among the most stigmatized groups in society.Fighting the stigma caused by mental disorders: past perspectives, present activities, and future directions. World Psychiatry. Oct 2008; 7(3): 185–188. PMCID: PMC2559930
Balroop Singh|When you give up your desires for the cause of making God known, revealing Him to your nation, you will surely be rewarded
T.E. Lawrence, Seven Pillars of Wisdom: A Triumph|The army is the only order of men sufficiently united to concur in the same sentiments, and powerful enough to impose them on the rest of their fellow-citizens; but the temper of soldiers, habituated at once to violence and to slavery, renders them very unfit guardians of a legal, or even a civil constitution.
John Howard Griffin, Black Like Me|And what is your name?" Caroline asked him.  He smiled up at her, a little impishly. "I guess Bianca's name for me will work. Call me Bear."  "Bear?" Caroline repeated, doubtfully.  "I think it would be best right now," he said simply. "For all of us."  "You aren't running from anything?" she asked directly.  "No, I guess you could say something is running from me. The law would be on my side, ma'am, if I could get them involved. For now, I'm doing all I can.
Peter J. Tanous, The Secret of Fatima|Many believe that the Vatican withheld important parts of the Third Secret, perhaps because its contents were too dangerous to reveal...
Christopher Walken|I like to go to work, and also, I don't have any kids. I don't have any hobbies. I don't like to travel. So going to work is kind of it.
Trinny Woodall|I saw Boy George looking amazing, absolutely unbelievable, and messaged him asking for the number of his nutritionist. I got in touch with her, and she put me on this diet plan, working out which foods do and don't suit me. It's not rocket science - basically, don't eat cake, don't eat bread.
Ali Smith|No one's serious at seventeen,When lindens line the promenades
Curtis Rivers, Seven Paths to Freedom|The real winners I've met in life weren't necessarily skilled or perfect. They just had the tenacity to never, ever give up.
Anna Banks, Joyride|For a minute there it was really good. It was really, really good. Wasn't it good? Maybe really, really good things aren't meant to last for too long; maybe that's what makes them all the more sweet, the temporariness of them.
Cheri Bauer|When I look back on history, and think about the ‘great depression’- when men, women and children starved- I’ve often wondered why people fell back to Government and money. That was the issue (after-all). Perhaps people believed that they were powerless... People had skills, to continue doing things like farming, building.. helping each other- coming together. But I think that they didn’t see that they had power, because they had been told that they didn’t.When you think about the power that people have (especially today), you can see that if something (like the collapse of banks) were to happen, we would all be perfectly okay. We still have inventors, builders, farmers, gardeners, entertainers, doctors, barristas, sports people, writers, etc. They don’t disappear. We could simply just go on, do what we love, and not worry about income from those pursuits. And everyone would be okay. Probably better, in-fact. No worry about paying bills, or affording things we want (or need). Too bad that people (during the depression) never thought to do that. But then again. What’s that saying?‘Hindsight is 20/20’...."From the third book in the "I Am... Subject to change without notice" series, by Cheri Bauer
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|After all, Christmastide is the time of year for warming brandies, for assertive burgundies and meaty Medoc wines, and for gladsome whiskies. And an Islay malt: well, this is the octave of St Andrew, and you will doubtless recall that he is not only the patron saint of Alba, of Scotland, but was also a fisherman. How better to toast my favorite apostle (he being all the things I personally am not, starting with humble and self-effacing) than with the sea-salty dram of an Islay whisky?
Sivaprakash Sidhu|If you are strong enough to face Fear of Failure, Fear of Rejections, and Fear of Criticism, that's the sign of Success.
Carsten Jensen, We, the Drowned|They were probably scared of him and so they did what boys do around any object of fear: they went up close, pointed a finger, gave it a nickname, and masked their terror with roaring laughter.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The right, real and good connection between things produces the right, real and good things.
Marcus Aurelius, Meditations|We often confuse determination with its evil twin: fixation. While determination is our ability to stand our ground while pursuing our goals. Fixation, on the other hand, is an unhealthy attachment to an ideal.
Hunter Murphy, Imogene in New Orleans|Jackson watched in amazement that she had convinced the driver to handle the vehicle in such a way. Tourists began taking pictures of Imogene, standing tall in the seat while the driver guided the horse with the reins. She kept her eye trained on Catfish, describing his every step as if the driver couldn’t see the runner for himself … Catfish stopped at the “T” in the road up ahead. He was heaving air, and Imogene said, “We’ve worn him out, son. Keep on him. He’s ours for the catchin’.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Now, when I look into his eyes, I don't see death - but eternity. For the first time in my life, I am looking into someone's gaze and realizing that not only do I understand what's in his eyes...he understands what's in mine.
Stephen Jay Gould|The cloning of humans is on most of the lists of things to worry about from Science, along with behaviour control, genetic engineering, transplanted heads, computer poetry and the unrestrained growth of plastic flowers.
J.M. Barrie, Peter Pan|On these magic shores children at play are for ever beaching their coracles. We too have been there; we can still hear the sound of the surf, though we shall land no more.
Laurie Halse Anderson, The Impossible Knife of Memory|Kissing's a lot like laughing. If the joke's funny, it doesn't matter how long it's been since you last heard one.
Ellen J. Barrier|If his mother was drowning and I was drowning and he had to choose one of us to save, He says he'd save me.
John Mark Green|When sorrow's cup is filled up to the brim,the slightest touch of memory can cause tears to spill again.
Robert Ferrigno, Sins of the Assassin|You cannot give up. We are Gargoyle, and we are strong.
Andy Rooney|Everyone wants to live on top of the mountain, but all the happiness and growth occurs while you're climbing it.
Robert Penn Warren, Democracy and Poetry|Furthermore, a society with no sense of the past, with no sense of the human role as significant not merely in experiencing history but in creating it can have no sense of destiny. And what kind of society is it that has no sense of destiny and no sense of self? That has no need or will to measure itself by the record of human achievement and the range of human endowment? And here we may pause to ask what our society measures itself by. Is it only by the ability to gratify immediate appetites, capacity for consumption, and the GNP?
Steven D. Levitt, Think Like a Freak|But a mountain of recent evidence suggests that teacher skill has less influence on a student's performance than a completely different set of factors: namely, how much kids have learned from their parents, how hard they work at home, and whether the parents have instilled an appetite for education.
Luciano Devoto|Too often the survivor is seen by [himself or] herself and others as "nuts," "crazy," or "weird." Unless her responses are understood within the context of trauma. A traumatic stress reaction consists of *natural* emotions and behaviors in response to a catastrophe, its immediate aftermath, or memories of it. These reactions can occur anytime after the trauma, even decades later. The coping strategies that victims use can be understood only within the context of the abuse of a child. The importance of context was made very clear many years ago when I was visiting the home of a Holocaust survivor. The woman's home was within the city limits of a large metropolitan area. Every time a police or ambulance siren sounded, she became terrified and ran and hid in a closet or under the bed. To put yourself in a closet at the sound of a far-off siren is strange behavior indeed—outside of the context of possibly being sent to a death camp. Within that context, it makes perfect sense. Unless we as therapists have a good grasp of the context of trauma, we run the risk of misunderstanding the symptoms our clients present and, hence, responding inappropriately or in damaging ways.
A.T. Hicks, Peaches and the Gambler|Anyway, if the Cetagandans really wanted to assassinate you, they'd hardly do it here. They'd slip something subtle under your skin that wouldn't go off for six months, and then would drop you mysteriously and untraceably in your tracks
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|I mean talk. Never forget that God is your friend. And like all friends, He longs to hear what's been happening in your life. Good or bad, whether it's been full of sorrow or anger, and even when you're questioning why terrible things have to happen. So I talk withhim.
Conan O'Brien|To establish any mode to abolish war, however advantageous it might be to Nations, would be to take from such Government the most lucrative of its branches.
Sunday Adelaja|It is necessary to grow up in maturity, firmness and courage in order to reach the goal
Jane Austen, Jane Austen's Letters|I do not want people to be very agreeable, as it saves me the trouble of liking them a great deal.
Kahlil Gibran|I love you, my brother, whoever you are - whether you worship in a church, kneel in your temple, or pray in your mosque. You and I are children of one faith, for the diverse paths of religion are fingers of the loving hand of the one supreme being, a hand extended to all, offering completeness of spirit to all, eager to receive all.
Brent Weeks, The Way of Shadows|Aside from the inescapable realities of birth and death, we’re responsible for the paths our lives take. We each make our own choices.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|Once upon a time, man had a love affair with fire.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|To the delicate,You will fall for the rough ones. the cold ones. the ones filled with apathy. you will spend your time counting their affection in change. you will stuff your pockets with silence. you will settle for second hand love. Delicate, you will be fashioned in the art of forgiveness. you will love like it’s a religion. you will memorize birthdays, phone numbers, and the moments you’ve heard goodbye. and when life becomes unyielding, and the burden too heavy, you will fault yourself. blame the material you are made of. say that you rip too easy, expect too much, give too often. you are a well that keeps on leaking. but even if you overflow, even if the thunder finds your home, you must remain soft. and if they have broken your heart, allow it to make you softer. kinder. do not imitate the cruel. do not allow yourself to take the shape of those who hurt you.
Patricia H. Graham|Perhaps I might have resisted a great temptation, but the little ones would have pulled me down
Ken Cruickshank|Whatever’s eating at you, let it go. Emotion leads to poor decisions. Poor decisions lead to scrutiny. Scrutiny is our greatest threat.”The Barn
Michel de Montaigne, The Complete Essays|J'accuse toute violence en l'education d'une ame tendre, qu'on dresse pour l'honneur, et la liberté.
John Locke|I'm a Gemini, so I change my mind every day.
Laini Taylor, Dreams of Gods & Monsters|Do you ever get the feeling that when you show someone your affection for them, you are assaulting them? Like you should probably leave them alone? Your affection, no matter how sincere, does not necessarily mean a damn thing to the person you are giving it to. Love can corner you. When you intrude on someone with your affection, you might find yourself trying to knock a strong door down with your shoulder. Either you break the door or you break yourself. Something almost always gets broken. In my mind it runs like this: I’m going to like you, whether you like it or not. I’ll wear you down until you relent and swallow this big lie I have for you. Don’t move. Don’t live. I love you.
John Marsden, While I Live|That night in bed I was thinking about the way creeks and streams operate. They start off little, gurgling and bubbling and jumping over rocks and stuff, full of energy, going all over the place. Then they get older and bigger, become rivers, take a more definite course, stick to their path, know where they're going, get slower and wider. And eventually they reach the ocean and become part of this vast mysterious world of water that stretches away forever.Yep, just like people.
Heather  Hill|I try to never miss the Zumba class since I believe comedy is a great way to start your week....It was great fun, although I had to hold myself back from turning it into a giant mosh pit slam dance. Last time I did that they kicked me out for a month. Today I enjoyed watching an 80 year old lady - with a cane no less - shimmy, her boobs flying like weapons around her waist.
Rebecca McNutt, Danvers: The Reckoning|I wish I could run away,” Rudger told Jersey as they both rushed in and out of various patients’ rooms, darting around like little ants. “I can’t leave and be on my own though, not right now, anyway.”“Why?” asked Jersey, waving her flashlight in mid-air.Rudger froze for a second, a regretful haze emanating from his eyes. “It’d break her heart if I left.”“Ain’t that normal? For parents to have mixed feelings about their kids growin’ up?”“Not for me, it isn’t.”Jersey made a pitying face in his direction. “So, you wanna keep bein’ towed around with your mom, livin’ in a gross town like Danvers?”“Is there a choice?”“Yeah, there sure is. You can run away and try to be a whole person before it’s too late, or you can live with mommy dearest forever and turn into Norman Bates.
Felix Adler|Whether I'm being influenced by new music that I'm listening to, books I've read, my friends, or my faith, I'm learning all the time.
Chris Hedges, War Is a Force That Gives Us Meaning|The enduring attraction of war is this: Even with its destruction and carnage it can give us what we long for in life. It can give us purpose, meaning, a reason for living.
Rainer Maria Rilke|You darkness, that I come from,I love you more than all the firesthat fence in the world,for the fire makesa circle of light for everyone,and then no one outside learns of you.But the darkness pulls in everything:shapes and fires, animals and myself,how easily it gathers them! -powers and people -and it is possible a great energyis moving near me.I have faith in nights.
Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith|I may have survived, but I am broken," I remind him sadly."No, Sunny, you're just a bit battered. We both are. Or if we're broken, that's only when we're alone. But now we're together, baby! And together, we're both whole.
Katja Millay, The Sea of Tranquility|I need to know that there's a way for people like us to end up okay. I need to know that there even is such a thing as okay, maybe even good, and it's out there and we just haven't found it yet. There's got to be a happier ending than this, here. There's got to be a better story. Because we deserve one. You deserve one.
John Wesley|It was a common saying among the Christians in the primitive Church, "The soul and the body make a man; the spirit and discipline make a Christian;" implying, that none could be real Christians, without the help of Christian discipline. But if this be so, is it any wonder that we find so few Christians; for where is Christian discipline
Shey Stahl, Waiting for You|Leading a grateful life should be more than a feeling and a habit. It should be our core value, which we should respect no matter what.
James Hanley, Boy|When individuals combine in a joint effort to realize ends the have in common, the organizations, like the state, that they form for this purpose are given their own system of ends and their own means. But any organization thus formed remains one "person" among other, in the case of the state much more powerful than any of the others, it is true, yet still with its separate and limited sphere in which alone its ends are supreme.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|An attitude of GRATITUDE, is life's most powerful affirmation
Cindy Fisk, Melvin Pickles|There was water and waves all around. They ran towered the shore, and made way for the boat as it ran through. At the back of the boat, water squirted out and some of it was white.It was magical.
Ivan Pavlov|I really liked the food in Japan. There is something so organized, neat, and methodical about it. They put a lot of care and quality into their cooking. I also love Mediterranean, New American, and Italian food, because the cuisines borrow influences from all over the world.
George Albert Wells|Moreover, it is not just that the early documents are silent about so much of Jesus that came to be recorded in the gospels, but that they view him in a substantially different way -- as a basically supernatural personage only obscurely on Earth as a man at some unspecified period in the past, 'emptied' then of all his supernatural attributes (Phil.2:7), and certainly not a worker of prodigious miracles which made him famous throughout 'all Syria' (Mt.4:24). I have argued that there is good reason to believe that the Jesus of Paul was constructed largely from musing and reflecting on a supernatural 'Wisdom' figure, amply documented in the earlier Jewish literature, who sought an abode on Earth, but was there rejected, rather than from information concerning a recently deceased historical individual. The influence of the Wisdom literature is undeniable; only assessment of what it amounted to still divides opinion.
Israelmore Ayivor|One of the most deadly causes of destruction of divine destinies is when a leader is failing, but he or she does not know it. Ignorance about your role is a death plot against people's successes.
Dean Koontz, Forever Odd|All but universally, human architecture values front elevations over back entrances, public spaces over private. Danny Jessup says that this aspect of architecture is also a reflection of human nature, that most people care more about their appearance than they do about their souls.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|Don’t worry, little bunny, we only use our triplet telepathic powers for good.
Amy Jacques-Garvey, Philosophy & Opinions of Marcus Garvey|Be not discouraged black women of the world, but push forward, regardless of the lack of appreciation shown you.
Gary Patton|Trust in Jesus, wholeheartedly. Don't try to figure things out yourself. Just be intimate with Him!
