Sathya Sai Baba|Whatever talent a person has should be dedicated to the rest of humanity - indeed to all living beings. Therein lies fulfillment. All men are kin. They are of the same likeness, the same build, molded out of the same material, with the same divine essence in each. Service to man will help your divinity to blossom, for it will gladden your heart and make you feel that life has been worth while. Service to man is service to God, for He is in every man, and every living being, in every stone and stump. Offer your talents at the feet of God. Let every act be a flower, free from the creeping worms of envy and egoism and full of the fragrance of love and sacrifice.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|Not one had ever passed judgement on my cheap handbag to my face. But then, this is a reserved country.
Kanza Javed, Ashes, Wine and Dust|There are no plans, just people fooling themselves by attempting to design their fates and futures. It makes them feel invincible, even if it’s for a transient period of time.
Biju Vasudevan|As my mind changes, so do my quotes. I empathize with those who, by force, are put on trial for their own clarity of conscience. For that, we must convene by force of argument.
Laurie Perez, The Look of Amie Martine|Wherever the poetry of myth is interpreted as biography, history, or science, it is killed. The living images become only remote facts of a distant time or sky. Furthermore, it is never difficult to demonstrate that as science and history mythology is absurd. When a civilization begins to reinterpret its mythology in this way, the life goes out of it, temples become museums, and the link between the two perspectives is dissolved. Such a blight has certainly descended on the Bible and on a great part of the Christian cult.To bring the images back to life, one has to seek, not interesting applications to modern affairs, but illuminating hints from the inspired past. When these are found, vast areas of half-dead iconography disclose again their permanently human meaning.
Abraham Verghese, Cutting for Stone|I quit because I was good, and when you’re good and a girl at something, you should be suspicious.’‘Of what?’‘Of what part of yourself you didn’t know you were selling.
Roberto Bolaño, 2666|That's a pretty story,' said Afanasievna as she let go of Ansky's genitals. 'A pity I'm too old and have seen to much to believe it.'It has nothing to do with belief,' said Ansky, 'it has to do with understanding, and then changing.
Lia Davis|Fun? “Katrina, I didn’t request to be set up on a date. I can’t go meet a complete stranger and….” he scanned the email again. “…and spend the night with her?
Louis de Bernières, Corelli's Mandolin|Patience, Abigail. Patience."Abigail snorted. "Patience, right. I am known for having a great handle on the Fruits of the Spirit.""Interesting. I don't recall manipulation being a Biblical virtue.
Deyth Banger|So this didn't scare you, didn't it???So you want something scary...???
Bruce Jenvey, The Great Northern Coven|...you don’t fight fair against the devil, now do you?
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|If you don't believe in yourself, who will?
Mike Vogel|I've had a lot of mother figures. But by the time my mom came into my life, it wasn't a 'mommy' thing. It's more of an adult relationship.
Arundhati Roy, The Checkbook and the Cruise Missile: Conversations with Arundhati Roy|The races are like America's children. White people are the firstborn, so they were Dad's favorite. Black people are the second kids, the abused ones, so they still hate Dad. Latinos are the third, caught in the middle and always trying to make peace between the other siblings. Asians are the youngest, and get good marks in school, but basically are just trying to keep their heads down and not get involved. And Native Americans are the old uncle who owns a house and everyone else in the family was like, "He's not using that! Let's move in!
Belinda Jeffrey, One Long Thread|So there are two you's, the one you create by loving and the one the beloved creates by loving you. The farther those two you's are apart the more the world grinds and grudges on its axis. But if you loved and were loved perfectly then there wouldn't be any difference between the two you's or any distance between them. They would coincide perfectly, there would be perfect focus, as when a stereoscope gets the twin images on the card into perfect alignment.
Terry Goodkind, Blood of the Fold|Cara waggled a hand over the two of them. "It works better with your clothes off."Richard frowned. His voice came as a hoarse croak. "What?"She seemed mystified by the question. "I believe you will find such things work better without clothes." She put her hands to her hips. "I thought you would know at least that much.
Henry Walter Bates, The Naturalist on the River Amazons|... on these expanded membranes [butterfly wings] Nature writes, as on a tablet, the story of the modifications of species, so truly do all changes of the organisation register themselves thereon. Moreover, the same colour-patterns of the wings generally show, with great regularity, the degrees of blood-relationship of the species. As the laws of nature must be the same for all beings, the conclusions furnished by this group of insects must be applicable to the whole world.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Most are unaware of their tremendous worth and boundless potential, despite possessing both.
William S. Burroughs|I remember as a child, my mother loved Dean Martin. Every Christmas, about the only Christmas album that we were able to listen to was the Dean Martin Christmas album.
Compton Gage|From the beginning, look, what thou desires to see, it shall be shew thee.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|Discipline is to present us before grace, it does not produce grace to make sense.
Ella Cooper|Control your desires as if your life depended on them, then your life will do.
M.J. Abraham|She was the kind of eleganceThat would never tarnish. A mixture of lace and mesh, Like a classic heirloom that begged to be worn.She was sharp intellect and quick wit.The type of woman that spoke her mind,Even if it shook.(Or even if no one was listening.)She was beautiful.But not someone you’d see in magazines, Her hips were too wide, her hair a mess of wispy tendrils, (Rather, she was actually very ordinary.) My, was she stubborn! She’d drive you mad!(Sometimes, you’d probably call her crazy.)But mostly, her laughter was a joyful moments. Like a warm towel fresh from the dryer,Or finding a twenty-dollar bill in your winter coat.And that was the true revelation.That magic does exist, It ran through her like a wild, fiery current.
Sōseki Natsume, Light and Darkness|As I see it, you’re always unsteady on your legs. You can’t find your courage. You’ll go to any length to avoid what displeases you, and you gallop after whatever you want. And why is that? There is no why; it’s because you’re free to. You enjoy the luxury of picking and choosing because you have the latitude. You’re never pushed into a tight corner as I am, so it never occurs to you to thumb your nose at the world.
Laura Whitcomb, A Certain Slant of Light|He kissed me for a long moment, holding my shoulders, perhaps to keep me from pressing my whole body against his. Then he tried to lift my bag."My God," he said. "What happened?""I found out one may check out twenty books at a time from the school library.
H.P. Lovecraft|I expect nothing of man, and disown the race. The only folly is expecting what is never attained; man is most contemptible when compared with his own pretensions. It is better to laugh at man from outside the universe, than to weep for him within.
Katharine Hepburn|To find yourself, think for yourself.
August Wilson|When we enter into a personal relationship with Jesus Christ, something wonderful happens: God begins to change our desires, and we want to be more like Him.
Stanley Kubrick|There is no winning or losing, but rather the value is in the experience of imagining yourself as a character in whatever genre you're involved in, whether it's a fantasy game, the Wild West, secret agents or whatever else. You get to sort of vicariously experience those things.
Shawnee Smith|Anyhow, a philosophical turn of thought now was not amiss, else one's patience would have given out almost at the harbour entrance. The term of her probation was eight days.
Joan Borysenko, Guilt is the Teacher, Love is the Lesson|There is a nearly unerring, unconscious radar that zeros in on relationships that repeat our childhood experiences.
The New York Times|...wearing a turban of yellow, signifying knowledge, and a robe of purple, portraying purity and activity, Virchand Gandhi of Bombay delivered a lecture on the religions of India....
Donna Lynn Hope|I don't know why people do the things they do to each other. We're all here to live out lives, to do our work, to raise our families, to love who we love. We're all here for the same things, but some, they can't let that be. They can't be happy or content with that. I don't know what that is. She handed the photos back to Peabody. Do you? At a loss, Eve shifted. No. If you don't, I don't suppose anybody really does.
C. JoyBell C.|And then I decided to be pro me. Be pro you to the end. No more cutting up myself and serving up myself like pieces of a pie for everyone's tasteless palates. And that doesn't mean you don't know how to say sorry; because being pro you means being pro growth and pro improvement. When I'm wrong, I know I'm wrong and I say that I'm wrong. And that's how I know I'm right!
Christopher Aiff|The decision to be positive is not one that disregards or belittles the sadness that exists. It is rather a conscious choice to focus on the good and to cultivate happiness--genuine happiness. Happiness is not a limited resource. And when we devote our energy and time to trivial matters, and choose to stress over things that ultimately are insignificant. From that point, we perpetuate our own sadness, and we lose sight of the things that really make us happy and rationalize our way out of doing amazing things.
Gena Showalter, A Mad Zombie Party|The Vikings could have been saved if they had borrowed survival strategies from the Inuit, but the only record we have of contact between the two peoples is the remark from a Viking settler that the Inuit bleed a lot when stabbed - an observation that hardly indicates a willingness to learn from their northern neighbors.
Melanie Dickerson, The Captive Maiden|Anyway, what can one do here? I am seriously thinking of running away and joining the Foreign Legion or the North-West Mounted Police—whichever work the shorter hours.
Victor Milán, The Dinosaur Lords|What I’ve always insisted on from myself is to do as well as I could, and keep doing better until I’m at least competent. Long ago I learned that to achieve anything, one must start where one stands. Or spend eternity waiting for the right moment. Which never comes.
Mike Rogers|The first time I met Alex Rodriguez, he was in the fight of his life. He was the guy who was supposed to have everything - good looks, good health, good habits - all the talent in the world and most of the money.
John A. Widtsoe, Rational Theology|It is the business of man to become acquainted with the material universe in all of its manifestations, so far as may be possible, in order to provide a foundation of knowledge on which the reasoning mind of man may increasingly build.
Abhijit Naskar, Wise Mating: A Treatise on Monogamy|A human is the one, who would give up a thousand Cleopatras to be with the person he or she loves.
George Carlin, Brain Droppings|No matter how you care to define it, I do not identify with the local group. Planet, species, race, nation, state, religion, party, union, club, association, neighborhood improvement committee; I have no interest in any of it. I love and treasure individuals as I meet them, I loathe and despise the groups they identify with and belong to.
Steve Martin|I love money. I love everything about it. I bought some pretty good stuff. Got me a $300 pair of socks. Got a fur sink. An electric dog polisher. A gasoline powered turtleneck sweater. And, of course, I bought some dumb stuff, too.
Ivan Turgenev, Fathers and Sons|Some people were destined to have a significant other.Some people were destined for greatness.But few others were destined to be soldiers, to be warriors, to be alone.That is me.It is not a path that i have chosen, but it is a path that i must walk.Some may think this is sad, but i have come to peace with it.Because i am and always will be a soldier, a warrior...Alone.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We have come to worship things, status, fame, popularity, money, security. Anything that comes between God and ourselves is idolatry. Jesus demands Lordship over all such things.
William Blake|If you want to be loved, be lovable.
Robertson Davies, The Rebel Angels|Just about all men need a woman in one way or another, unless they’re very strange indeed. Tormenting you refreshes him. And you shouldn’t underestimate the gratitude all men feel for women’s beauty. Men who truly don’t like flowers are very uncommon and men who don’t respond to a beautiful woman are even more uncommon. It’s not primarily sexual; it’s a lifting of the spirits beauty gives. He’ll be in to torment you, and tease you, and enrage you, but really to have a good, refreshing look at you.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross|As you walk down the fairway of life you must smell the roses, for you only get to play one round.
Lev Grossman, The Magician King|I almost forgot how gorgeous Adonis is," she [Ava] said, "We should have made him one of us."She [Ava] wouldn't have gotten any argument out of me, but a strange sound escaped from James, almost like he was growling. "And have to endure another narcissistic blond running around? No, thank you.
Michel de Montaigne, On Solitude|Coffee is not about having something to drink in cool weather, it's about having something to drink when you are not sleeping
Marissa Meyer, Winter|Is it snowing where you are? All the world that I see from my tower is draped in white and the flakes are coming down as big as pop-corns. It's late afternoon - the sun is just setting (a cold yellow colour) behind some colder violet hills, and I am up in my window seat using the last light to write to you.
Ashraf Haggag, No Place to Stand Alone: Historical Mergers and Acquisitions in Different Corporate Markets|I suffered,I learned,I changed
Sapan Saxena, Unns-The Captivation|I never thought of a future without you. That was the reason I always lived in the present, hoping I would find you someday.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Fools|The more worldly pleasure we enjoy, the less satisfied and contented we are with life.
Benson Bruno, A Story That Talks about Talking Is Like Chatter to Chattering Teeth, and Every Set of Dentures Can Attest to the Fact That No..|A customer facing crucial decisions: What should I wipe myself with? What should I brush with? His personal hygiene was deteriorating rapidly as he stared at the rows of possibilities, sweating profusely. Would he ever bathe again?
Kano|London, London, London town,You can toughen up or get thrown around.
Alex Karras|"Why not" is a slogan for an interesting life.
Nefertiti Faraj, The Countdown to Thirty|I want to be your lover. Burn your list, Jane. Let me be the one.
Tanya Masse|Throughout history, the most brutal cultures have always been distinguished by maternal-infant separation.
Deke Sharon, Heart of Vocal Harmony, the: Emotional Expression in Group Singing|Great emotional singing isn't a destination, it's a journey, one to be taken time and again to different places with different moods and different audiences.
Christina Rossetti|Lie still, lie still, my breaking heart; My silent heart, lie still and break: Life, and the world, and mine own self, are changed For a dream's sake.
Sunday Adelaja|Even those who know better, such as the King, nurse strange ideas about me as a prophet. They do not understand that I am given to see only those matters that roil the heavens. They expect me to know everything.
Gemma Halliday, Deadly Cool|I took a deep breath. "I'm sorry I lied, I like your Star Wars sheets, you're not that bad of a driver, and I swear on my Very Cherry lip gloss that I will never lie to you again.
Stephanie Ayers|In reading we live hundreds lives, in writing we live thousands of lives.
Gary Allan|Be thou the rainbow in the storms of life. The evening beam that smiles the clouds away, and tints tomorrow with prophetic ray.
Lailah Gifty Akita|We must clean ourselves of any impurity.We must clear our cities of any dirt."For God has not called us to uncleanness, but to holiness." 1 Thessalonians 4:7
Linus Torvalds|We have a great country, we are a great nation - let us trust in it.
Iraniya Naynesh|One major teaching of the Protestants that we the Protestants of today must go back to is the fact that the European Protestants did not emphasize five fold ministry the way we do today. Today our teaching on the five fold ministry only tends to view only those called to the five fold ministry as those called to be ministers, while the rest of the congregation is just viewed as laity who just go to secular jobs.
Ochir Napoleoni|Love for one another is built on the actions we take. Words that are said, are used for short comfort; but little do we know lies can be hidden in the riddle. Tread carefully through the puddle of roses for there, thorns await. 
Alexander Pushkin, Eugene Onegin|He who has lived and thought can't helpdespising people in his soul;him who has felt disturbs the ghost of irrecoverable days;for him there are no more enchantments;him does the snake of memories,him does repentance bite.
Sam Eriakha|A pretty face and a beautiful body can capture my attention, But only a beautiful and creative mind can hold it
Debasish Mridha|To change the reality, change the perception but not the reality.
Philip Larkin, Philip Larkin: Letters to Monica|he [Llewelyn Powys] has always in mind the great touchstone Death & consequently life is always judged as how far it fits us, or compensates us, for ultimately dying.
Dean Winchester Supernatural|If this is going to be my last day on earth, I do not want it to be socially awkward.
Dada Bhagwan|Religion (dharma) is decrease in kashay (anger, pride, deceit and greed) and increase of kashay is irreligion (adharma). When Kashay goes away (completely) is the religion of the Self (Soul).
Ryūnosuke Akutagawa, Hell Screen|Chained inside the carriage is a sinful woman. When we set the carriage afire, her flesh will be roasted, her bones will be charred: she will die an agonizing death. Never again will you have such a perfect model for the screen. Do not fail to watch as her snow-white flesh erupts in flames. See and remember her long black hair dancing in a whirl of sparks!
Bertrand Russell, The Conquest of Happiness|If we were all given by magic the power to read each other’s thoughts, I suppose the first effect would be almost all friendships would be dissolved; the second effect, however, might be excellent, for a world without any friends would be felt to be intolerable, and we should learn to like each other without needing a veil of illusion to conceal from ourselves that we did not think each other absolutely perfect.
Elizabeth von Arnim, The Solitary Summer|I'm so glad I didn't die on the various occasions I have earnestly wished I might, for I would have missed a lot of lovely weather.
Jerry Bridges, Transforming Grace: Living Confidently in God's Unfailing Love|The sinner does not need more grace than the saint, nor does the immature and undisciplined believer need more than the godly, zealous missionary. We all need the same amount of grace because the "currency" of our good works is debased and worthless before God.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, The Dragon: Fifteen Stories|A few feathery flakes are scattered widely through the air, and hover downward with uncertain flight, now almost alighting on the earth, now whirled again aloft into remote regions of the atmosphere.
John Geddes|December's wintery breath is already clouding the pond, frosting the pane, obscuring summer's memory...
Nadia Dewi Damayanti|The odds of finding the one you truly love above all else, is about 1 in 4 billion. The odds that the person you love, loves you back... don't even dream about it, it's not going to happen. Most couples today do not revolve around real love.
R.S. Gompertz, Life's Big Zoo|There was a dazzling intellect beneath the girl's sadness, she was sure - and it bothered Mallory to no end that it might go wasted on the world if Dawn could not be coaxed out of her melancholy.
Nikos Kazantzakis, Report to Greco|Give other Christians permission to be different from you. You're not the only Christ-follower in the world, and neither are you the most committed. Your way of loving Jesus is neither the only way for the best. If you don't know that, your Christian world is way too small.
Benjamin James Sadock|Eighty two percent of the traumatized children seen in the National Child Traumatic Stress Network do not meet diagnostic criteria for PTSD.15 Because they often are shut down, suspicious, or aggressive they now receive pseudoscientific diagnoses such as “oppositional defiant disorder,” meaning “This kid hates my guts and won’t do anything I tell him to do,” or “disruptive mood dysregulation disorder,” meaning he has temper tantrums. Having as many problems as they do, these kids accumulate numerous diagnoses over time. Before they reach their twenties, many patients have been given four, five, six, or more of these impressive but meaningless labels. If they receive treatment at all, they get whatever is being promulgated as the method of management du jour: medications, behavioral modification, or exposure therapy. These rarely work and often cause more damage.
Laurie Fabiano, Elizabeth Street|You can go as far as you dream, think and imagine.
Robert A. Heinlein|Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea.
H.P. Lovecraft, The Rats in the Walls|Like all pure creatures, cats are practical.
Stephen King, The Green Mile|without the power to concentrate thatis to say, without the power to dictate to the brain its task and to ensure obedience true life is impossible. Mind control is the first element of a full existence.
Douglas Arnold Hyde, Dedication and Leadership|We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.- Aristotle
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Things that are attached to the body do not just add beauty to the body or probably enhance the self confidence of the man within, but they are also the very reasons for pride and excessive self confidence
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|At one time, this gave rise to the question of whether the legal validity of the money was determined by the stamp of the ruler of the country or by the metal content of the coin; later, to the question of whether the command of the law or the free usage of business was to settle if the money was legal tender or not. The answer of public opinion, grounded on the principles of private property and the protection of acquired rights, ran the same in both cases: Prout quidque eontraetum est, ita et solvi debet; ut cum re eontraximus, re solvi debet, veluti cum mutuum dedimus, ut Tetro pecuniae tantundem solvi debeat.
Megan Derr, Fairytales Slashed 3|Though never as complex as we fear, life is also never as simple as we might wish.
Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps|When the people of our hills visit an individual for any particular purpose, as for instance to show their gratitude or to express their thanks, it is customary for them not to go on their mission empty handed.A rose, a marigold, or a few petals of either flower, suffices, and the gift is proffered in hands cupped together.
TRIPURARI|A poet is born in the present, lives in the past and thinks in the future.
Roy Peter Clark, The Glamour of Grammar: A Guide to the Magic and Mystery of Practical English|Lacan, as we have seen in our discussion of Freud, regards the unconscious as structured like a language. This is not only because it works by metaphor and metonymy: it is also because, like language itself for the post-structuralists, it is composed less of signs — stable meanings — than of signifiers. If you dream of a horse, it is not immediately obvious what this signifies: it may have many contradictory meanings, may be just one of a whole chain of signifiers with equally multiple meanings. The image of the horse, that is to say, is not a sign in Saussure’s sense - it does not have one determined signified tied neatly to its tail - but is a signifier which may be attached to many different signifieds, and which may itself bear the traces of the other signifiers which surround it. (I was not aware, when I wrote the above sentence, of the word-play involved in ‘horse’ and ‘tail’: one signifier interacted with another against my conscious intention.) The unconscious is just a continual movement and activity of signifiers, whose signifieds are often inaccessible to us because they are repressed. This is why Lacan speaks of the unconscious as a ‘sliding of the signified beneath the signifier’, as a constant fading and evaporation of meaning, a bizarre ‘modernist’ text which is almost unreadable and which will certainly never yield up its final secrets to interpretation.
Conn Iggulden, Conqueror|There are many who say ‘I believe this,’ but would they hold true to those beliefs if their children were threatened? No. But Genghis would. If you told him you would kill his children, he would tell you to go ahead, but realize that the cost would be infinite, that he would tear down cities and nations and the price would never be paid. He did not lie and his enemies knew it. His word was iron.
Munendra Dwivedi|Oh, no, Cameron; I believe we're born free of sin and free of guilt. It's just that we all catch it, eventually. There are no clean rooms for morality, Cameron, no boys in bubbles kept in a guilt-free sterile zone. There are monasteries and nunneries, and people become recluses, but even that's just an elegant way of giving up. Washing one's hand didn't work two thousand years ago, and it doesn't work today. Involvement, Cameron, connection.
Natalie Clifford Barney|At first, when an idea, a poem, or the desire to write takes hold of you, work is a pleasure, a delight, and your enthusiasm knows no bounds. But later on you work with difficulty, doggedly, desperately. For once you have committed yourself to a particular work, inspiration changes its form and becomes an obsession, like a love-affair… which haunts you night and day! Once at grips with a work, we must master it completely before we can recover our idleness.
G.J. Paterson, Bird of Paradise|Death. It is a strange stalker, one that we spend our whole lives running from, some more successful than others.
Shannon L. Alder|My life of sin among people I’m sure he thinks are deviants is happier and more honest that his oppressive, sexist cesspool.
Pope Francis|My sword I give to him that shall succeed me in my pilgrimage, and my courage and skill to him that can get it.
Joanna Ruocco, The Whitmire Case|I stare mesmerized at the photothat you have sent, pushing your child on the swing...a precious moment capturedand I am remindedof the distance separating usand how it seems like yesterdaywhen I was swinging you, dear son
Philip K. Dick, A Maze of Death|I am half child, half ancient.
Sri Jibankrishna or Diamond|What is the own self of God? Where is the existence of God? He is within a human body. If any man achieves the Godhood, then his form will be manifested within others and transform them into his own form in the spiritual world. And that transformation does not occur after death
G.K. Chesterton|No, I say, it's fine.Put a gun to my head and paint the wall with my brains. Just great, I say. Really.
Stephen Richards, NAPS: Discover The Power Of Night Audio Programs|If a painter started out with a canvas and a brush and changed his/her mind every fifteen minutes, what result could he/she expect? So why should we expect any different a result in molding the greatest of all substances – thoughtform?
Loren Eiseley, The Immense Journey|If 'dead' matter has reared up this curious landscape of fiddling crickets, song sparrows, and wondering men, it must be plain even to the most devoted materialists that the matter of which he speaks contains amazing, if not dreadful, powers, and may not impossibly be, as Thomas Hardy has suggested, 'but one mask of many worn by the Great Face behind.
Anonymous, The Dhammapada|A more common explanation for the feeling of being Old in Soul is tied up in Buddhist and Hindu ideas of reincarnation, or metempsychosis. Interestingly, this is most likely where the origin of the phrase “Old Soul” came from in the first place.
Giselle Simlett, Girl of Myth and Legend|I’ve had enough of this destiny bullshit, OK?
Christine Feehan, Dark Prince|If there is a one-in-a-million chance that you will "make it," then SOMEBODY has to be that ONE. It may as well be YOU! So FIGHT, WARRIOR!
Judith Orloff|I crave the sweet surrender of sleep and my dreams' uncensored communication: no tiresome small talk, sucking up to impress, or tiptoeing around charged topics. Dreams are the naked truth; get ready for it.
Mark Strand|These wrinkles are nothingThese gray hairs are nothing,This stomach which sagswith old food, these bruisedand swollen ankles, my darkening brain,they are nothing.I am the same boymy mother used to kiss.
Harold Coffin|Publishing is a business, but journalism never was and is not essentially a business. Nor is it a profession.
Anna Freeman, The Fair Fight|It was nothing less than murder, in her eyes
Sadghuru|Whether it is your body, your mind, or the world – the idea of keeping a distance from it is to have a better perspective of everything.
Chloe Neill, Hard Bitten|One of the most difficult things to think about in life is one’s regrets. Something will happen to you, and you will do the wrong thing, and for years afterward you will wish you had done something different.
Michael Grunwald|The American Society of Civil Engineers said in 2007 that the U.S. had fallen so far behind in maintaining its public infrastructure -- roads, bridges, schools, dams -- that it would take more than a trillion and half dollars over five years to bring it back up to standard. Instead, these types of expenditures are being cut back. At the same time, public infrastructure around the world is facing unprecedented stress, with hurricanes, cyclones, floods and forest fires all increasing in frequency and intensity. It's easy to imagine a future in which growing numbers of cities have their frail and long-neglected infrastructures knocked out by disasters and then are left to rot, their core services never repaired or rehabilitated. The well-off, meanwhile, will withdraw into gated communities, their needs met by privatized providers. 
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|No man, proclaimed Donne, is an Island, and he was wrong. If we were not islands, we would be lost, drowned in each other's tragedies. We are insulated (a word that means, literally, remember, made into an island) from the tragedy of others, by our island nature, and by the repetitive shape and form of the stories. The shape does not change: there was a human being who was born, lived, and then, by some means or another, died. There. You may fill in the details from your own experience. As unoriginal as any other tale, as unique as any other life. Lives are snowflakes—forming patterns we have seen before, as like one another as peas in a pod (and have you ever looked at peas in a pod? I mean, really looked at them? There's not a chance you'd mistake one for another, after a minute's close inspection), but still unique.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Man is supposed to be the maker of his destiny. It is only partly true. He can make his destiny, only in so far as he is allowed by the Great Power.
Sunday Adelaja|One of the heaviest load so many people are carrying today is neither thoughts about things they lack nor things they wish to have, nor how to manage what they already have, but toxic words that have taken a greater portion of their thoughts and such words not just occupying a great part of their hearts, but also draining their very joy in life!
Mehmet Murat ildan|Every time the rich ignore the poor, the rich become poorer! Poorest is the person who has all the means to help others but chooses not to!
Erin McLellan, Controlled Burn|Maybe love was just an illusion anyway, like jigsaw puzzles that looked like a picture or a painting from a distance. But the closer you got, the more visible the cracks. Wasn’t until you shined a light on it that the illusion fell apart.
Kurt Masur|Then I heard this genius teacher Stella Adler - I recommend you read anything you might find about her and if you have anyone interested in theatre, you get them one of her books.
Tim Winton, Breath|The Universe operates on a basic principle of economics: everything has its cost. We pay to create our future, we pay for the mistakes of the past. We pay for every change we make . . . and we pay just as dearly if we refuse to change.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|If e-book readers were invented before print books, (petty things such as) the smell of ink would have been some people’s only reason for not abandoning e-books.
Nikki Sex, Karma|We have lived for too long in a world, and tragically in a Church, where the wills and affections of human beings are regarded as sacrosanct as they stand, where God is required to command what we already love, and to promise what we already desire.
Jaco Snoek|The decision to create a book trailer is entirely up to you. I can remember when "video killed the radio star" on MTV and how excited I was with some music videos (the ones that lived up to or exceeded my imagined vision of the song) and the ones I disliked so much, I even stopped listening to the song (the imagery just ruined it for me!) Some people argue that in a visual landscape, a book trailer is a must, while others stand firm that books should be read and not seen; unless of course it gets made into a screenplay and then a film. The most practical advice is to trust your instinct. You know what you want to say with your book and if it aligns congruently with your brand, then for a non-fiction book it may be a strategic move. On the other hand, it may come off as too "salesy" and go in the opposite direction. As you can see, I still have a love / hate relationship with matching someone else's images to my own imagination. No matter what you decide, remember to keep it aligned with your brand.
Ella Leya, The Orphan Sky|The fundamentalist burns with anti-intellectual zeal, and in reaction sophists are often swollen up with intellectualism. The fundamentalist and the sophist justify their excesses by the sin of their opposite. Fundamentalism and sophistry give piety and philosophy bad reputations with society.
Michael Bassey Johnson|The destiny of a man is determined by his daily action, God won't allow you go anywhere, if you don't make an attempt to move.
Mike Mills|Health care is a design problem. Dependence on foreign oil is a design problem. To some extent, poverty is a design problem. We need design thinkers to solve those problems, and most people who are in positions of political power are not design thinkers, to put it mildly.
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|If we're going to be smart, we can't be stupid…!
Debasish Mridha|If you have love, it doesn’t matter what you don’t have.
Brian Tracy|The only real limitation on your abilities is the level of your desires. If you want it badly enough, there are no limits on what you can achieve. 
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|I have forgiven Sonora. I have forgiven New York, forsaken the recursion of history. But I do not yet know how to forgive myself.
Deyth Banger|That's the world something simpler... humans, mankinds make it complex.
Laura Brodie, The Widow's Season|Looking at the children, she knew that any hope for a new life would have to grow within her. She glanced at Nate, wondering if he felt as she did, that children were the only consolation in this world, the only recompense for so much suffering.
John M Sheehan|Oh, the mystery when two souls become one united in love and sealed by an amazing God can not be seen or understood by the word of love for it is only seen in the action of love from above kissed with a hope and dressed in faith embraced by what can not be seen
Sukant Ratnakar, Open The Windows: To the World around You|If you can win an argument by stretching your lips with a smile, why open your mouth and lose it.
Edith Hamilton, Mythology: Timeless Tales of Gods and Heroes|The power of good is shown not by triumphantly conquering evil, but by continuing to resist evil while facing certain defeat.
Stephanie Witter, Fix Up|You’re my best friend’s kid sister, Ang. I’ve known you since you were eight.” He ducked his head, dragged his hands through his hair with all the frustration winding through him. “Christ, if your brother finds out, he’ll have my hide.
Nana Visitor|Wit in women is apt to have bad consequences; like a sword without a scabbard, it wounds the wearer and provokes assailants.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|I tell you as well as myself: what we see with our own eyes is nothing other than a cloud concealing what we should perceive with our inner sight, while what we listen to with our ears is merely a ringing sound disturbing what we should understand with our hearts. When we see a man being taken to prion by a police officer let us not hasten to assume he is a wrong-doer. When we see a corpse, and a man standing beside it with bloodstained hands, let us not conclude that this is a victim and his assassin. When we hear one man singing and another lamenting, let us ascertain which one of the two is truly happy.
Anton Chekhov|Today I speak the truth as I know it to be, tomorrow I may know better.
Erin Hanson|My mother always told meNo monster lived beneath my bed,But she had failed to warn meIt laid on top of it instead.
Richelle Mead, Silver Shadows|Until now, you have always lived your life alone. Every decision you’ve made has been for you and you alone. Now, and for the rest of your days, your life will be tied to another’s. Every decision you make will be for both of you. What one does affects the other. You are a family, a team … inseparable and unbreakable.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|May God give you inner peace, joy and happiness.
Karl R. Popper|It is often asserted that, in view of the situation in quantum theory, object and subject can no longer be sharply separated. 1 To use Heitler’s words, the ‘separation of the world into an “objective outside reality”, and “us”, the self-conscious onlookers, can no longer be maintained. Object and subject become inseparable from each other’. 2 This, according to Bohr, is due to ‘the impossibility of any sharp separation between the behaviour of atomic objects and the interaction with the measuring instruments which serve to define the conditions under which the phenomena appear’. 3 Heitler elaborates the point in some detail. ‘One may ask’, he writes, ‘if it is sufficient to carry out a measurement by a self-registering apparatus or whether the presence of an observer is required.’ And he arrives at the conclusion that the self-registering apparatus is insufficient, and that ‘the observer appears, as a necessary part of the whole structure, and in his full capacity as a conscious being’.
Rainer Maria Rilke|Praise is a very used, but always new, of surrendering to vanity
Thomas Ligotti|The ‘experimental’ writer, then, is simply following the story’s commands to the best of his human ability. The writer is not the story, the story is the story. See? Sometimes this is very hard to accept and sometimes too easy. On the one hand, there’s the writer who can’t face his fate: that the telling of a story has nothing at all to do with him; on the other hand, there’s the one who faces it too well: that the telling of the story has nothing at all to do with him
Alexa Rae, The Masquerade|Listen, I don't want things to get weird, okay.""Oh, yeah, no, weird is bad.""But just so you and I are clear, I really fucking want to kiss you right now.
Christine Warren, Hard as a Rock|Why do you cry?""I almost lost you...""You cannot lose me, not when you are part of me...You cannot lose has become part of you.
Kate Meader, Even the Score|Girls love kissing. Our lips replicate the lips we discreetly hide. We redden lips to show the health and allure of our labia, the welcoming of your tongue in our mouth a foretaste of lips moistened and blood-gorged by desire. Some kisses last forever in our minds, some kisses are best forgotten. Every kiss is unique and kissing lips is uniquely human.
Jill Shalvis|I’m not a lot of trouble,” she said.His gaze slid to her mouth. “You sure about that?”“Completely.” And then she flashed him an indeed trouble-filled smile.And that’s when he knew. He was the one in trouble. Deep trouble.
Chinua Achebe, Anthills of the Savannah|Oh God, not another fucking beautiful day.
Jean Rhys, Good Morning, Midnight|I realized I still had my eyes shut. I had shut them when I put my face to the screen, like I was scared to look outside. Now I had to open them. I looked out the window and saw for the first time how the hospital was out in the country. The moon was low in the sky over the pastureland; the face of it was scarred and scuffed where it had just torn up out of the snarl of scrub oak and madrone trees on the horizon. The stars up close to the moon were pale; they got brighter and braver the farther they got out of the circle of light ruled by the giant moon. It called to mind how I noticed the exact same thing when I was off on a hunt with Papa and the uncles and I lay rolled in blankets Grandma had woven, lying off a piece from where the men hunkered around the fire as they passed a quart jar of cactus liquor in a silent circle. I watched that big Oregon prairie moon above me put all the stars around it to shame. I kept awake watching, to see if the moon ever got dimmer or if the stars got brighter, till the dew commenced to drift onto my cheeks and I had to pull a blanket over my head. Something moved on the grounds down beneath my window — cast a long spider of shadow out across the grass as it ran out of sight behind a hedge. When it ran back to where I could get a better look, I saw it was a dog, a young, gangly mongrel slipped off from home to find out about things went on after dark. He was sniffing digger squirrel holes, not with a notion to go digging after one but just to get an idea what they were up to at this hour. He’d run his muzzle down a hole, butt up in the air and tail going, then dash off to another. The moon glistened around him on the wet grass, and when he ran he left tracks like dabs of dark paint spattered across the blue shine of the lawn. Galloping from one particularly interesting hole to the next, he became so took with what was coming off — the moon up there, the night, the breeze full of smells so wild makes a young dog drunk — that he had to lie down on his back and roll. He twisted and thrashed around like a fish, back bowed and belly up, and when he got to his feet and shook himself a spray came off him in the moon like silver scales. He sniffed all the holes over again one quick one, to get the smells down good, then suddenly froze still with one paw lifted and his head tilted, listening. I listened too, but I couldn’t hear anything except the popping of the window shade. I listened for a long time. Then, from a long way off, I heard a high, laughing gabble, faint and coming closer. Canada honkers going south for the winter. I remembered all the hunting and belly-crawling I’d ever done trying to kill a honker, and that I never got one. I tried to look where the dog was looking to see if I could find the flock, but it was too dark. The honking came closer and closer till it seemed like they must be flying right through the dorm, right over my head. Then they crossed the moon — a black, weaving necklace, drawn into a V by that lead goose. For an instant that lead goose was right in the center of that circle, bigger than the others, a black cross opening and closing, then he pulled his V out of sight into the sky once more. I listened to them fade away till all I could hear was my memory of the sound.
Bob Harper|All science requires mathematics. The knowledge of mathematical things is almost innate in us. This is the easiest of sciences, a fact which is obvious in that no one's brain rejects it; for laymen and people who are utterly illiterate know how to count and reckon.
Danielle Ellison, Salt|Curiouser and curiouser," he says. I smile at the reference. Carroll was totally a witch. The secrets of our world are written into that book.
J.E.B. Spredemann, Englisch on Purpose|When we take our eyes off Jesus and only focus on ourselves and our circumstances, we can no longer see Him. God says He will keep us in perfect peace if we keep our eyes on Him.
Faruk DML|Words without thought is just that,words...
Deyth Banger|Things could change Gabe. Things could be different. I don't know how, but there must be some way for things to be different. There could be colors. And grandparents. And everybody would have memories. You know about memories...Gabe, there could be love.
Charbel Tadros|Without wisdom, a teacher is nothing more than a research paper: a knowledge filled text which is boring and has no practical use. With wisdom, a teacher is like a great novel: a text filled with knowledge, practical applications and, above all, fun.
Tony Kushner|When you come off 'The X Factor,' you're more likely to be a failure than a success because people almost want you to fail. There's this kind of feeling that you're separate from everyone else. You get it from artists, people in the industry, people at record labels.
Jamie Le Fay, Beginnings|She believed in magic—the magic of places, the magic of people, the magic of coincidences, serendipity, and fortune. She enjoyed wandering through the world with the open mind and curiosity of a four-year-old child. In her world the mystical, mythical, and magical inhabited the same space and time as the ordinary and the practical. At Bethesda Terrace, she always felt close to a source of magic and creativity. It was as if she was tapping into the place where dragons, angels, gods, sorceresses, and demons came to life.
Simon Pegg, Nerd Do Well|Plainly it isn't an exact science, despite it being a complex interaction of micro-decisions and corresponding thought; perhaps it doesn't always work and we pass by some potential soulmates like the proverbial ships in the night, never quite connecting. Then again, perhaps the system is tenacious and continues to run like a computer program on infinite loop, so that if at first you don't meet, you are drawn back together for another try.
Little Bear the Bearded Lady|So I can curse my pain all I want. I can try to leave it at the door. But maybe I should say grace, gnaw on its bones and thank it for nourishment instead. Maybe for now it's what's keeping me alive. And for now, I can accept living out of spite.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|The invisible people knew that happiness is not the natural state of mankind, and is never achieved from the outside in.
Steven Redhead, Life Is Simply A Game|When given the choice between being right or being kind, choose kind
Mary Morrell, Things My Father Taught Me About Love|We women, me and you. Tell me something real. Don’t just say I’m grown and ought to know. I don’t. I’m fifty and I don’t know nothing. What about it? Do I stay with him? I want to, I think. I want… well, I didn’t always… now I want. I want some fat in this life.”“Wake up. Fat or lean, you got just one. This is it.”“You don’t know either, do you?”“I know enough to know how to behave.”“Is that it? Is that all it is?”“Is that all what is?”“Oh shoot! Where the grown people? Is it us?”“Oh, Mama.” Alice Manfred blurted it out and then covered her mouth. Violet had the same thought: Mama. Mama? Is this where you got to and couldn’t do it no more? The place of shade without trees where you know you are not and never again will be loved by anybody who can choose to do it? Where everything is over but the talking? - Violet Trace and Alice Manfred
Bret Easton Ellis, Lunar Park|When we sat down to eat I took inventory of the people in the room, and the remnants of my good mood evaporated when I realized how very little I had in common with them – the career dads, the responsible and diligent moms – and I was soon filled with dread and loneliness. I locked in on the smug feeling of superiority that married couples give off and that permeated the air – the shared assumptions, the sweet and contented apathy, it all lingered everywhere – despite the absence in the room of anyone single at which to aim this.
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|Jesus wisely counseled his followers to search for the kingdom of heaven within themselves; but to go within, one needs a door, a key, and the courage to turn the knob. Spiritual practice gives you all three.
Daniel Handler, We Are Pirates|While passing through an obscure nook of Notre Dame cathedral, Victor Hugo noticed the Greek work for fate carved in the stone. He imagined a tormented soul driven to engrave this word. From this seed sprang his monumental novel "The Hunchback of Notre Dame.
Harrish Sairaman|When you are fulfilled within, big problems look small and when you have a vacuum within small problems look big!!!
Dave Barry|In times of joy, all of us wished we possessed a tail we could wag.
Søren Kierkegaard|Halfway through the set, the lead singer, who goes by Cloud, knife in hand, begins to stab at the cutout of Copal Brandt with a lion's passion. Out of nowhere blood is produced and Cloud proceeds to rub it all over his own face and body, then on his own bandmates. Afterwards he roars into the microphone, 'Do you know why we're doing this, McAllen? We're doing this FOR NO PARTICULAR REASON!!!!!!!!!
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever hate, harm himself.
Mahrukh|Walking there, she said: Look, it seems like some one has kept each stone with measured precision at its place. Yes, she was right.
C.L. Wilson, Lady of Light and Shadows|If honor were reserved only for those who never err, none of us would be worthy," Rain answered.
Michel Foucault|Education may well be, as of right, the instrument whereby every individual, in a society like our own, can gain access to any kind of discourse. But we well know that in its distribution, in what it permits and in what it prevents, it follows the well-trodden battle-lines of social conflict. Every educational system is a political means of maintaining or of modifying the appropriation of discourse, with the knowledge and the powers it carries with it.
Rachel Caine, Bitter Blood|Newsflash she already has body image issues. It's an intrinsic part of being a woman. Every woman in the world has some part of herself that she absolutely hates. Her hands are too small, her feet are too big, her hair is too straight, too curly, her ears stick out, her bums too flat, her nose is too big and, you know, nothing you can say will change how we feel. What men don't understand is, the right clothes, the right shoes, the right makeup it just... It, it hides the flaws we think we have. They make us look beautiful to ourselves. That's what makes us look beautiful to others.Used to be all she needed to feel beautiful was a pink tutu and a plastic tiara.And we spend our whole lives trying to feel that way again.
Richelle Mead, Vampire Academy|Did you see that dress?” "I saw the dress.” "Did you like it?” He didn't answer. I took that as a yes. "Am I going to endanger my reputation if I wear it to the dance?” When he spoke, I could barely hear him. "You'll endanger the school.” I smiled and fell asleep.
Giada De Laurentiis|I think what I do differently from a lot of TV chefs is that I break down barriers and make fine food more accessible to the regular person, who might be intimidated. I try hard, particularly with wine, to make it not intimidating. It's sort of a teaching job.
Alberto Manguel, A History of Reading|And sometimes, when the stars are kind, we read with an intake of breath, with a shudder, as if someone or something had 'walked over our grave,' as if a memory had suddenly been rescued from a place deep within us - the recognition of something we never knew was there, or of something we vaguely felt as a flicker or a shadow, whose ghostly form rises and passes back into us before we can see what it is, leaving us older and wiser.
Penelope Farmer, Charlotte Sometimes|As life runs on, the road grows strange	With faces new, and near the end	The milestones into headstones change,	’Neath every one a friend.
Jacob Whitesides|I actually feel I'm in a much better place than I've ever been because I'm thankful people still love the songs that I've written, and they seem to like me. And they come to the shows in droves, and they get all excited, and I can still hit all the notes, and I don't look terrible.
Debasish Mridha|Take a break to listen to the song of the wind, talk to the whispering trees, feel the love of flowers, dance with the dancing leaves, and enjoy the tranquility and serenity of nature.
Vincent Carrella|A father is only capable of giving what he has, and what he knows. A good father gives all of himself that is good.
Erico Quiambao|Love is like a bird, they flies everywhere, its free, but its hard to trust someone where they like to stay.
Patricia Grasso, To Love a Princess|Black is the absence of all color. White is the presence of all colors. I suppose life must be one or the other. On the whole, though, I think I would prefer color to its absence. But then black does add depth and texture to color. Perhaps certain shades of gray are necessary to a complete palette. Even unrelieved black. Ah, a deep philosophical question. Is black necessary to life, even a happy life? Could we ever be happy if we did not at least occasionally experience misery?
Mary Austin, The Land of Journeys' Ending|If you find holes in my book that you could drive a car through, do not be too sure they were not left there for that express purpose.
Antonio Nuñez Lopez, Storytelling en una semana|Bill Bryson's is a synthesizing intellect, capable of translating myriad data into a digestible narrative – rare currency in an increasingly atomized society.
Donna Tartt, The Goldfinch|How much did she remember? I wondered, afire with humiliation yet unable to tear my eyes from her. It wasn’t the kind of thing you could ask but still I wanted to know. Did she have nightmares too? Crowd fears? Sweats and panics? Did she ever have the sense of observing herself from afar, as I often did, as if the explosion had knocked my body and my soul into two separate entities that remained about six feet apart from one another? Her gust of laughter had a self-propelling recklessness I knew all too well from wild nights with Boris, an edge of giddiness and hysteria that I associated (in myself, anyway) with having narrowly missed death. There had been nights in the desert where I was so sick with laughter, convulsed and doubled over with aching stomach for hours on end, I would happily have thrown myself in front of a car to make it stop.
Samuel Armen, Within a Diminishing Caricature|She spoke to him of her problems, and that made him forget his own. She told him that he was intelligent, thoughtful, becoming, and deeply magnetic - everything he wanted so badly for her to see in him. Attention is the greatest gift when you're too afraid to pay it to yourself, the wind ruminates.
William Styron, Darkness Visible: A Memoir of Madness|A disruption of the circadian cycle—the metabolic and glandular rhythms that are central to our workaday life—seems to be involved in many, if not most, cases of depression; this is why brutal insomnia so often occurs and is most likely why each day’s pattern of distress exhibits fairly predictable alternating periods of intensity and relief.
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam|The thing is I think vaccines are one of the greatest medical breakthroughs that we have. I'm a big fan and a great fan of the history of the development of the smallpox vaccine, for example.
Sharon Weil, ChangeAbility: How Artists, Activists, and Awakeners Navigate Change|Everything in my environment is offering me feedback, if I will only listen.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Has God designated any one person here on earth to speak with final authority about Him? No—the one Man who could do that lived two thousand years ago, and we crucified Him!
Hoda Kotb|My girlfriend bought me a down jacket, she said it fit my personality.
Debasish Mridha|Life is a journey- not only to see the world- to find yourself, your place in the world, and your happiness.
Karen Finneyfrock, The Sweet Revenge of Celia Door|There had once been a time when I'd dreaded the end of summer, had prayed it would hold out for as long as possible. Now the thought of endless warmth and sun made me . . . bored. Restless.
Chris Evans|Women should try to increase their size rather than decrease it, because I believe the bigger we are, the more space we'll take up, and the more we'll have to be reckoned with.
Kim Jong-un|Success in the revolution and construction depends on how a party, the General Staff of the revolution, is built and on how its leadership role is enhanced.
Suzanne Collins, Gregor the Overlander|Are you afraid now?" said Gregor."At times," she admitted. "But it is no worse than if I were in Regalia. You see, I was tired of constant fear, so I made a decision. Everyday when I wake I tell myself it will be my last. If you are not trying to hold on to time, you are not so afraid of losing it."Gregor thought this was the single saddest thing anyone had ever said to him. He couldn't answer."And then, if you make it to bedtime, you feel the joy of cheating death out of one more day," she said. "Do you see?
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|Racing is about discipline and intelligence, not about who has the heavier foot. The one who drives smart will always win in the end.
Dipika Agarwal, The Better Side - 16 Positive Attributes To Lead A Better Life|Survivors don't allow the word QUIT in their dictionary because they know the art of staying positive in any kind of negative situation.""BE A SURVIVOR
John Archibald Wheeler, Geons, Black Holes, and Quantum Foam: A Life in Physics|I introduce the subject of fine structure with a mini-calendar of events. ...Winter 1914-15. Sommerfeld computes relativistic orbits for hydrogen-like atoms. Pashcen, aware of these studies, carefully investigates fine structures, ....January 6, 1916. Sommerfeld announces his fine structure formula, citing results to be published by Paschen in support of his answer.February 1916. Einstein to Sommerfeld: "A revelation!"March 1916. Bohr to Sommerfeld: "I do not believe ever to have read anything with more joy than your beautiful work."September 1916. Paschen publishes his work, acknowledging Sommerfeld's "indefatigable efforts.
Charles Bukowski|I do think that poetry is important though, if you don’t strive at it, if you don’t fill it full of stars and falseness.
Niall Williams, Four Letters of Love|its amazing thought of love with a specific person ,how can creates a storm to touch .
Tracey M. Hook, Natural Elements|The girl signed deeply and ever so slowly made her way down to the opposite end of the case. Using the metal tongs she passed over the golden yellow ladoo and reached for the darker pieces that Mrs. Singh usually set aside. I started to protest, but suddenly noticed the coldness in her eyes staring into mine.
Suzy Kline, Horrible Harry's Secret|Harry loves slimy things, hairy things, and creepy things. Harry loves anything horrible. I know -- I'm his best friend Doug.
Sunday Adelaja|If you don’t find yourself and purpose, the world will be worse for it
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Fretting over how life ends, or anything else for that matter, is a complete waste of time.
Stuart Miller, Men and Friendship|Being shameless in thinking, then talking, about male friendship because it is important. Make room for friendship in your life. Make a federal case out of it.
Jane Wilson-Howarth, Snowfed Waters|There was a man with tongue of woodWho essayed to sing,And in truth it was lamentable.But there was one who heardThe clip-clapper of this tongue of woodAnd knew what the manWished to sing,And with that the singer was content.
Taona Dumisani Chiveneko, The Hangman's Replacement: Sprout of Disruption|The key trait of a Sperm Pirate is that she is not driven by desperation. Escaping poverty or hardship is not her motive. She usually has a good education and access to the same opportunities as the man she tries to trap. However, she understands that it is more efficient to enjoy a lavish lifestyle through the sweat of another’s labour. But the Sperm Pirate is acutely aware that the infatuation of a hormonal man has a brief shelf life. This poor collateral must be cashed in before it expires. A pregnancy is the best way to convert this volatile resource into a stable asset. Babies are reliable insurance policies. They create legal obligations for financial support, even when the sweet milk of passion turns sour.
E. B. White|Commerce seems to be covering every aspect of our lives now. Which me, because I'm a romantic, is sad for me to say.
Roberto Bolaño, 2666|Of course, they were other things too. Sometimes they were even everything all together, but not fame, which was rooted in delusion and lies, if not ambition. Also, fame was reductive. Everything that ended in fame and everything that issued from fame was inevitably diminished. Fame's message was unadorned. Fame and literature were irreconcilable enemies.
Paul Hoffman, The Last Four Things|We are all cynics now, I suppose, and even a mewling infant knows that to save a life is to make an eternal enemy.
Lukasz Laniecki, You Have The Right Not To Make Your Parents Proud. A Book Of Quotes|An approach, according to which children should fulfil their parents’ dreams/ do everything in order to make their parents happy/ provide their parents with a peace of mind, or whatever they want for themselves - because they owe it to them for all those years in which their parents took care of them - is utterly selfish.
Anne E.G. Nydam, Vision Revealed|You will have many enemies, but even your foes will love you. Life will bring you many misfortunes, but you will find your happiness in them, and will bless life and will make others bless it--which is what matters most.
Stefan Bachmann, The Peculiar|…it struck Mr. Jelliby that a wide-eyed faery was not a surprised faery. It was an angry, angry faery.
William Ernest Henley, Poems by William Ernest Henley|God may allow a disturbance, but we don’t have to be disturbed by it.
Regina Jeffers|To see, feel, and understand the magic of life, always believe that life is beautiful and magical.
John Warwick Montgomery, History and Christianity|To be skeptical of the resultant text of the New Testament books is to allow all of classical antiquity to slip into obscurity, for no documents of the ancient period are as well attested bibliographically as the New Testament.
Marina Keegan, The Opposite of Loneliness: Essays and Stories|I feel like we can do something really cool to this world. And I fear - at twenty-three, twenty-four, twenty-five - we might forget.
Mmanti Umoh|In politics, it often pays to be ahead of the curve. That holds true for corporate governance too, even more so when politics enter the equation.
Andrea Bocelli|No, I wouldn't direct a movie, no. I couldn't. I don't have the patience for it, I don't have the people skills. You have to be clever. I'm not really clever in that kind of way. And you have to be able to manipulate people, but at the same time allow them to feel like they are manipulating you, to get the kind of movie that you want.
Lionel Messi|I think the tiniest little thing can change the course of your day, which can change the course of your year, which can change who you are.
Charles Mengel Allen|If GM had kept up with technology like the computer industry has, we would all be driving $25 cars that got 1,000 MPG.
H.W. Brands, American Colossus: The Triumph of Capitalism, 1865-1900|One of the thousand objections to the sin of pride lies precisely in this, that self-consciousness of necessity destroys sel-revelation. A man who thinks a great deal about himself will try to be many-sided, attempt a theatrical excellence at all points, will try to be an encyclopedia of culture, and his own real personality will be lost in that false universalism.
Diane K. Chamberlain|There can be moments, when the rope we hold to, becomes a strand of thread, where we feel that we are barely hanging on but when the thread feels as though it's about to break; just know that God will never let us fall but rather, He will be there to catch us and when He does, He will carry us away, on wings of love, to a higher plateau, where evil cannot touch us.
Garry Fitchett|In success, knowledge - In failure, lessons.
Guy Debord|Ideas improve. The meaning of words participates in the improvement. Plagiarism is necessary. Progress implies it. It embraces an author's phrase, makes use of his expressions, erases a false idea, and replaces it with the right idea. 
Donna Lynn Hope|Logan looked at her and wondered how someone so beautiful could be so oblivious to their own beauty, how someone so smart could be so foolish to the extent of their own intellect and how someone so loving and compassionate could ever think she wasn’t worthy of love? It was like watching a blind man trapped and wandering aimlessly and helplessly in a scorching hot desert unable to see the small puddle of water that lay just a foot away. The only difference was that she had eyes. Two beautiful ones, yet she could not see. Is that what madness was? Was it to be able to view and appreciate every form of beauty but to be blind to the value and exquisiteness of one’s own? Logan believed in many forms of insanity but he knew in that instant watching her trembling frame on the train tracks that hers, that her illness, surpassed any clinical or psychological term known. Maybe she did suffer from depression or bipolar or schizophrenia. Who knew? All he was certain of in that moment that she suffered from no greater illness than the blindness of the heart.
R.C. Sproul, Lifeviews: Make a Christian Impact on Culture and Society|What makes art Christian art? Is it simply Christian artists painting biblical subjects like Jeremiah? Or, by attaching a halo, does that suddenly make something Christian art? Must the artist’s subject be religious to be Christian? I don’t think so. There is a certain sense in which art is its own justification. If art is good art, if it is true art, if it is beautiful art, then it is bearing witness to the Author of the good, the true, and the beautiful
George Gordon Byron|Where there is mystery, it is generally supposed there must be evil.
Anthony Bourdain|I try not to set myself up as different or as a celebrity or special. I have a husband that can get on my nerves. I have kids that test my patience. I've got a cat I can't keep off the sofa. It's real. On a bad day, I'm reading 'Acts of Faith.'
Ken Follett, The Pillars of the Earth|The problem with aging was not that death was near, for death was always near. The problem with aging was that a woman began to carry too many memories within her.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|If you see yourself as other people see you, it means you are lost, you don't know yourself and you have closed down a world class university of diligence!
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Are your beliefs anchored in a faith that can withstand emotionalism, the drug culture, social and peer pressure, and material temptations? The world is seething with demonic energy. Only supreme inner strength can resist its ceaseless hassling.
Clive Barker, Books of Blood: Volume One|The difficulty with Poe is not figuring out which of his stories rise to the level required of this collection, but rather which of his stories to exclude from it.
Daniel Clowes|Mom let go of us and leaned back so she could look us both in the eye. “No more spending the night in the tree fort, you two.
John Lasseter|With any work worth its salt, you have to trust the author enough to take its measure. And if you apply too many preconceptions, you are not taking its measure.
Terry Eagleton, Literary Theory: An Introduction|Authenticity is what makes a relatable person believable. It is what makes the relatability sustainable. Anyone can fake relatability for a time, but authenticity is what makes it real.
Marissa Meyer, Winter|It doesnot matter; there’s many a heavenly body in the lot crowding upon us ofa night that mankind had never heard of, it being outside the sphereof its activities and of no earthly importance to anybody but to theastronomers who are paid to talk learnedly about its composition,weight, path--the irregularities of its conduct, the aberrations of itslight--a sort of scientific scandal-mongering.
Jack Kerouac, On the Road|The more your appreciate yourself the more you will have the energy from within.Stop sourcing for external energry source to charge yourself. Seek the light within and it will brighten you more, remember you truely are one amazing, beautiful, gorgeous soul.
Jan Morris|There's no such thing as a specific authenticity to what Mexico is, because Mexico is incredibly complex and varied, and the food is completely different if you travel 50 kilometers. It just changes all the time.
Angela Carter, Love|If one man challenges a statement and another cannot prove it, it does not necessarily follow that the statement is false.
Kendall Kulper, Salt & Storm|The sky would be clear, colorless, mist blending together the air and the ocean, the waves whispering against the rocks.
Miya Yamanouchi, Embrace Your Sexual Self: A Practical Guide for Women|Contrary to the common misconception that loving yourself equates to being self-absorbed and lacking empathy or consideration for others, the true meaning of self-love is about caring, respecting and knowing yourself, taking responsibility for your life, and ultimately, your happiness.
Nutan Bajracharya|I had crossed fifty years of my life, and come across uncountable females as son, husband, father, friend in my life. Coming across several women I carefully studied most of them, and feels that I got master knowing female. But every time when my heart comes across to a female, my all knowledge on female goes to a vain. What they want? , What are they looking for? When their mind changes? When their priority changes? No one knows, in a minute they use to change decisions, if someone ask, they says it’s a little thing. They never think, little things makes big or if they can’t stick on little things how they can stand in important decisions. They never show they are weak, but every time they are compromising themselves. It’s their big heart but impacting every around. They always think they can do anything by doing nothing.
FishMeAnEXo|I loved her- I always loved her- no matter what she was-I wanted her safe- not shut up- a prisoner for life, eating her heart out. And we did keep her safe- for many years" Phillip Stark
George Takei|Given the knee-jerk patriotism of recent war movies, it's discouraging to see 'Windtalkers' evade pertinent facts that could have recast the doubled-edged issues of racism and loyalty and made them relevant to contemporary times.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Tiger Lily|You said "Hi", I to be polite will say "Bye"!
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|He wanted me to come home--to come home, as he said, and settle down, and whenever he said that I thought of the sediment at the bottom of a stagnant pond.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|You are only as invincible as your smallest weakness, and those are tiny indeed - the length of a sleeping baby's eyelash, the span of a child's hand. Life turns on a dime, and - it turns out - so does one's conscience.
Roy  Bennett|Embrace being perfectly imperfect. Learn from your mistakes and forgive yourself, you’ll be happier.
Ahdaf Soueif|I watch and listen, helpless to help. There is no point in saying ‘This, too, shall pass.’ For a time, we do not even want it to pass. We hold on to grief, fearing that its lifting will be the final betrayal.
Reki Kawahara|Levels are just numbers. In this world, strength is just an illusion. There are more important things -Kirito
Sōseki Natsume, The Three-Cornered World|We can't even resist making antimatter, so what makes you think we are going to leave cloning technology untapped? (Douglas Parsley)
Russ Harris, The Confidence Gap|You can be in Downward Dog, hating every second of it. Or you can be in this pose, peaceful and nonreactive, breathing calmly. Either way, you’re in this pose. You decide the quality of your experience. Be the thermostat, not the temperature.
J.R. Ward, Lover Reborn|You could lose the ones you loved in the blink of an eye—and he was willing to bet, when it happened, you weren’t thinking about all the reasons that could have kept you apart. You thought of all the reasons that kept you together. And, no doubt, how you wished you’d had more time. Even if you’d had centuries… When you were young, you thought time was a burden, something to be discharged as fast as possible so you could be grown-up. But it was such a bait-n-switch—when you were an adult, you came to realize that minutes and hours were the single most precious thing you had. No one got forever. And it was a fucking crime to waste what you were given.
Robert J. Sawyer, WWW: Watch|And once I realized that code I write never fucking goes away and I'm going to be a maintainer for life. I get comments about blog posts that are almost 10 years old. "Hey, I found this code. I found a bug," and I'm suddenly maintaining code.
Al Jarreau|When my car runs out of gas, I buy a new one. I don't want to ride around in a quitter.
Nicholas Sparks, The Notebook|You can’t live your life for other people. You've got to do what’s right for you, even if it hurts some people you love.
Sunday Adelaja|When you develop your gift, you will be well known
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|Now very much against her will, she thought of the way Jace had looked at her then, the blaze of faith in his eyes, his belief in her. He had always thought she was strong. He had showed it in everything he did, in every look and every touch. Simon had faith in her too, yet when he'd held her, it had been as if she were something fragile, something made of delicate glass. But Jace had held her with all the strength he had, never wondering if she could take it--he'd known she was as strong has he was.
Haruki Murakami, Pinball, 1973|We walked side by side to the station. The sweater kept me comfortable in the night air.“Okay, I’ll keep plugging away,” she said.“Wasn’t much help, was I?”“No, actually, it took a load off me just to be able to talk.”We caught trains going in opposite directions from the same platform.“You’re really not lonely?” she asked one last time. And while I was searching for a good reply, her train came.
Karen Chance, Fury's Kiss|They-" He stopped and just blinked at me for a minute. "You know, people are always saying that you're cuckoo. Looney Tunes. Off the freaking edge. But I tell 'em, no, she's okay. She's got some...anger management issues. But you know what? They're right. You're nuts.
Olawale Daniel|In most cases, you look for what you don't have. It limits and stagnates you. And unfortunately, you don't know know how to use what you do have. Yes, you've got your Brain, Google, and most importantly, you've got Youtube. Use'em to your advantage! They are powerful channels you can harness for maximum accomplishments in your life.
Thomas Hoby, The Book of the Courtier|There be also many wicked men that have the comeliness of a beautiful countenance, and it seemeth that nature hath so shaped them because they may be the readier to deceive, and that this amiable look were like a bait that covereth the hook.
Shaquille O'Neal|The sight of people sleeping on the streets hits us hardest around Christmas and New Year. We see them camped out alone on the freezing concrete, and we think, with a rush of guilt, about heading home to our families and our soft beds.
Rachel Carson, Silent Spring|Racism is a refuge for the ignorant. It seeks to divide and to destroy. It is the enemy of freedom, and deserves to be met head-on and stamped out.
Henry Kravis|Speech is not a means in the service of an external end. It contains its own rule of usage, ethics, and view of the world, as a gesture sometimes bears the whole truth about a man.
Wes Jackson, Becoming Native to This Place|... the forces of power, particularly corporate power, are impatient with what is adequate for a coherent community. Because power gains so little from community in the short run, it does not hesitate to destroy community for the long run.
J.D. Salinger|God, how I still love private readers. It’s what we all used to be. 
Sunday Adelaja|Until you take time to discover yourself, you never know what you can achieve or how far you can go
Dark Jar Tin Zoo, Love Quotes for the Ages. Specifically Ages 19-91.|The world has a fast-growing problematic disability, which forges bonds in families, causes people to communicate in direct and clear ways, cuts down meaningless social interaction, pushes people to the limit with learning about themselves, whilst making them work together to make a better world. It’s called Autism – and I can’t see anything wrong with it, can you? Boy I’m glad I also have this disability!
Tal Boldo|There it was again, the prickling sense of standing on a precipice.
Ufuoma Apoki|Honesty can sometimes be so brutal to take in. It's usual to get so drowned in perceived idealism that you can't seem to separate it from honest reality. If, and when, you can separate the two, the gaiety of fantasy is destroyed
Toby Barlow, Sharp Teeth|It is the one of the great secrets of life that those things are most worth doing,we do for others.
Emmanuel Jal|One of the reasons it's important for me to write about war is I really think that the concept of war, the specifics of war, the nature of war, the ethical ambiguities of war, are introduced too late to children. I think they can hear them, understand them, know about them, at a much younger age without being scared to death by the stories.
Bernard Cornwell, Warriors of the Storm|I'm a woman, Aleksey. I'm not the simplistic, flawless creature the world expects me to be. I'm imperfect, I'm multidimensional. I make mistakes all the time and I'll make even more as life challenges me. And I don't want to be afraid of messing things up. Firstly because I'll learn from my mistakes, but more importantly, they're what make me human.
Alireza Salehi Nejad|In this world and the hereafter, we should not be afraid of no one but ourselves.
J.A. Redmerski, The Edge of Never|If you continue to dig the same hole in the same place in your life, eventually you will be standing in a grave.
Lorna Jane Cook, Outside Wonderland|Even so, in the midst of this complicated love, there is a holy union.
Kyle Vidrine, Wake Up The Winner In You: Your Time Is Now|It doesn't matter if you have to kick, crawl, scratch, hop, limp, hobble, or be carried to the finish line. Just make sure you finish you race.
William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing|If [God] send me no husband, for the which blessing I am at him upon my knees every morning and evening ...
Lisa Henry, Mark Cooper versus America|Deacon flushed and smiled. "I guess you're right. I just want to feel, like...used. I want you to fuck me like I'm...like I'm--""A cheap whore?" Mark supplied. He was familiar with the feeling."Yes!" Deacon looked relieved. Then nervous again. "Only don't..."Mark wound an arm around him and kissed his cheek. "Spit it out. If I can clean my bowels out in front of you, you can tell me how you want to be fucked."Deacon hesitated. "Just don't be mean about it, okay? I want you to be dirty but not mean. Does that make sense?""Completely.
Akilnathan Logeswaran|I love your roots, not the flower everybody sees!
Barbara Quick, A Golden Web|Too many people think that when a couple doesn’t fight that they are strong, but I have never bought that. The question should never be “do you fight,” but “can you fight,” because fights happen, that’s just the way it is. What’s important is how you handle it. The strongest couples aren’t the ones who avoid fighting, but the ones who do fight and are able to grow from it, and come out on the other side with something better than they had before.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|I know my life's meaningful because" - and here he stopped, and looked shy, and was silent for a moment before he continued - " because I'm a good friend. I love my friends, and I care about them, and I think I make them happy.
Reyna Pryde, Bound by Sacrifice|Fear is the original sin,” suddenly said a still, small voice away back—back—back of Valancy’s consciousness. “Almost all the evil in the world has its origin in the fact that some one is afraid of something.”Valancy stood up. She was still in the clutches of fear, but her soul was her own again. She would not be false to that inner voice.
Jen Turano, A Change of Fortune|Layney Logan, there are two things in this world you don’t need to question. One is gravity.” He tilted my chin to force me to look him in the eye. The sudden intimacy shocked me. “The other is Layney Logan.
Stephen King, Carrie|You saw what I saw, right? Adrienne doing something nice for Xarissa of her own free will. I think I did, said G.ALunette stared into the unknown. This has to be a sign of the coming apocalypse We are all going to die.
Paula Stokes, Girl Against the Universe|The world is full of holes and uneven seams, wrinkled places that you can’t make smooth, no matter how hard you try.
Ransom Riggs, Miss Peregrine’s Home for Peculiar Children|I didn’t know what to call it, what was happening between us, but I liked it. It felt silly and fragile and good.
Chris Matakas|I train Jiu Jitsu because I recognize that I am a piece of the whole, and as I grow so does that which contains me. The whole of man advances with the growth of a single individual. Every life I influence is benefited from the fact that I have devoted such a large portion of my life to this pursuit. I will be a better husband, father, and whatever other future roles I may hold because of my time in this sport. In making me a better man, I know that society as a whole is improved.
Audrey Niffenegger, Her Fearful Symmetry|That is what madness is, isn't it? All the wheels fly off the bus and things don't make sense any more. Or rather, they do, but it's not a kind of sense anyone else can understand.
Grace Jones|Meekness implies a spirit of gratitude as opposed to an attitude of self-sufficiency, an acknowledgement of a greater power beyond oneself, a recognition of God, and an acceptance of his commandments.
John Rhys-Davies|Labor should be recognized as entitled to consult with management in the mutual interest. Labor cannot be driven, and business cannot be successful unless the men employed in it are enthusiastic and loyal. That loyalty cannot be obtained with a big stick; it must be based upon fair dealing and sympathy.
Bertolt Brecht|Gray hairs are signs of wisdom if you hold your tongue, speak and they are but hairs, as in the young.
Christian Dior|By being natural and sincere, one often can create revolutions without having sought them.
Jorge Luis Borges, This Craft of Verse|What does the novel do? It tells beautiful, shapely lies which enclose hard, exact truths.
Dan Wells, Ruins|I don't much like assuming the tone of a moralist. But the danger of baobabs is so little recognized, and the risks run by anyone who might get lost on an asteroid are so considerable, that for once I am making an exception to my habitual reserve.
Osho, Yoga: The Science of the Soul|Leave people to their opinions and judgments. They cannot harm you; it is their understanding that is faulty, not yours. Leon Brown
Sherwood Anderson, Death in the Woods and Other Stories|Where you are born--what you are born into, the place, the history of the place, how that history mates with your own-- stamps who you are, whatever the pundits of globalisation have to say.
Robert M. Sapolsky|I love science, and it pains me to think that so many are terrified of the subject or feel that choosing science means you cannot also choose compassion, or the arts, or be awed by nature. Science is not meant to cure us of mystery, but to reinvent and reinvigorate it.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|The mind never sleeps. Though the body can be idle, there shall always be something for the mind to do! Do something with your mind then!
Joe Schreiber, Red Harvest|Horror, let's face it, is basically pretty dumb. You're writing about events that are preposterous, and the trick is to dress them up in language so compelling that the reader doesn't care.
Eliezer Yudkowsky|Today, reports of the day’s events are conveyed to the viewing public by way of alternate universes, The Fox News cable channel conveys its version of reality, while at the other end of the ideological spectrum MSNBC presents its version. They and their many counterparts on radio are more the result of an economic dynamic than a political one. Dispatching journalists into the field to gather information costs money; hiring a glib bloviator is relatively cheap, and inviting opinionated guests to vent on the air is entirely cost-free. It wouldn’t work if it weren’t popular, and audiences, it turns out, are endlessly absorbed by hearing amplified echoes of their own biases. It’s divisive and damaging to the healthy functioning of our political system, but it’s also indisputably inexpensive and, therefore, good business.
Paulo Coelho|Finally there are those who saw at once that the question was a trap. There is no answer. Instead of wasting time grappling with that trap. They decide to act. They look to their childhood and look for what filled them with enthusiasm then and disregarding the advice of their elders, devote their life to it. Because enthusiasm is the sacred fire. They slowly discover, their actions are linked to a mysterious impulse beyond human knowledge. And they bow their heads as a sign of respect for that mystery and pray that they will not be diverted from a path they do not know, a path which they have chosen to travel because of the flame burning in their hearts. They use their intuition when they can and resort to discipline when intuition fails them. They seem quite mad. And sometimes they behave like mad people. But they are not mad. They have discovered true love and will. And those two things reveal the goal and the direction that they should follow. Their will is crystalline, their love is pure and their steps determined. In moments of doubt or sadness they never forget: I am an instrument, allow me to be an instrument capable of manifesting your will. They have chosen their road, and they may understand what their goal is only when they find themselves before the unwanted visitor. That is the beauty of the person who continues onward with enthusiasm and respect for the mystery of life as his only guide. His road is beautiful, and his burden light. The goal will be large or small, it can be far away or right next door. He goes in search of it with respect and honor. He knows what each step means, and how much it costs in effort and training and intuition. He focuses not just on the goal to be reached but on everything happening around him. He often has to stop because his strength fails him. At such moments, love appears and says: You think you're heading toward a specific point, but the whole justification for the goals existence lies in your love for it. Rest a little. But as soon as you can, get up and carry on. Because ever since your goal found out that you were traveling toward it, it has been running to meet you.
Lewis Howes|I took all my blessings for granted. The fact that God has given me another chance to do what I love to do, and still have my husband and my children and my sanity and good people in my corner, I'm gonna do it right this time and show that I appreciate it.
Pat Schneider, How the Light Gets in: Writing as a Spiritual Practice|If we can't forget, how can we forgive? I believe that forgiving can't be done by willpower alone. I can will myself to write out my own memories and feelings. I can will myself to imagine onto the page how someone else may have felt. I can will myself to research someone else's life in order to better understand what happened. But I don't think I can forgive by simply willing to forgive. Forgiving happens to us when our hearts are ready. Sometimes it takes the form of working on our own story until quietly, often surprisingly, we simply let go of the hurt. Sometimes forgiving makes it possible to pick up the pieces of a broken relationship and begin again. Sometimes it means letting a relationship go. We can't forgive through willpower. What we can do is work toward readiness of heart. Writing as a spiritual practice can be that kind of work.When our heart is ready, we often don't even know it until forgiveness happens within us. It is a gift.
Kris Allen|It was the Law of the Sea, they said. Civilization ends at the waterline. Beyond that, we all enter the food chain, and not always right at the top.
Natasha Trethewey|I'm a Virgo and I'm more - I don't want to say 'negative' - but I'm the girl who thinks no one's coming to my birthday party, no one's buying my clothes, no one's reading my book, no one's watching my show - that's just how I think.
Sara Nović, Girl at War|Some people say the Balkans is just inherently violent. That we have to fight a war every fifty years.""I hope that's not true", I said.
Angelica Hopes|Pure honesty" is dead in a jungle of eternal, bloody impunity, rampant corruption and dirty politics. ~ Angelica Hopes, K.H. Trilogy
Stanisław Lem, Solaris by Stanislaw Lem | Summary & Study Guide|Have patience with all things but first with yourself. Never confuse your mistakes with your value as a human being. You are perfectly valuable, creative, worthwhile person simply because you exist. And no amount of triumphs or tribulations can ever change that.
Michael Greger|For me, I love food. It's my greatest pleasure and also the thing that could ruin you as well. It's one of those things where, if you're not thoughtful about it, it could be unhealthy. But if there's a mindfulness about it; it actually is a wonderful tool of emotional expression.
Thomas Henry Huxley, The Advance of Science in the Last Half-Century|The most obvious and the most distinctive features of the History of Civilisation, during the last fifty years, is the wonderful increase of industrial production by the application of machinery, the improvement of old technical processes and the invention of new ones, accompanied by an even more remarkable development of old and new means of locomotion and intercommunication. By this rapid and vast multiplication of the commodities and conveniences of existence, the general standard of comfort has been raised, the ravages of pestilence and famine have been checked, and the natural obstacles, which time and space offer to mutual intercourse, have been reduced in a manner, and to an extent, unknown to former ages. The diminution or removal of local ignorance and prejudice, the creation of common interests among the most widely separated peoples, and the strengthening of the forces of the organisation of the commonwealth against those of political or social anarchy, thus effected, have exerted an influence on the present and future fortunes of mankind the full significance of which may be divined, but cannot, as yet, be estimated at its full value.
Donna Grant, Darkest Flame: Part 4|You aren't meant to be a prisoner. You're powerful and incredible." "You've no' seen me in dragon form.""I don't have to. I see the man before me now.
Roger Waters|All that you touch All that you see All that you taste All you feel. All that you love All that you hate All you distrust All you save. All that you give All that you deal All that you buy, beg, borrow or steal. All you create All you destroy All that you do All that you say. All that you eat And everyone you meet All that you slight And everyone you fight. All that is now All that is gone All that's to come and everything under the sun is in tune but the sun is eclipsed by the moon. "There is no dark side of the moon really. Matter of fact it's all dark.
Hilary Grossman, Dangled Carat|Sometimes a girl needs to be told what a guy feels, rather than trying to decipher the signs.
Auliq-Ice|It's a free world to do as you please, within the law, however it's also free to have an opinion - as well as morals, ethics and decency.
Grace Burrowes, Tremaine's True Love|In Nita's experience, the best intelligence officers in any big family were found among the younger siblings. They began their careers while small, nonthreatening, and unobtrusive. By adolescence, they developed formidable powers of observation and recollection, to say nothing of an ability to lurk at keyholes and befriend the servants.
B.G. Bowers, Death and Life|Change blows through the branches of our existence. It fortifies the roots on which we stand, infuses crimson experience with autumn hues, dismantles Winter’s brittle leaves, and ushers Spring into our fertile environments. Seeds of evolution burst from their pod cocoons and teardrop buds blossom into Summer flowers. Change releases its redolent scent, attracting the buzz of honey bees and the adoration of discerning butterflies.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|... you should never give yourself a chance to fall apart because, when you do, it becomes a tendency and it happens over and over again. You must practice staying strong, instead.
Jaroslav Kalfar, Spaceman of Bohemia|In this age where people can become famous without doing anything, we are now encouraging a literary and publishing atmosphere where you must become famous before you can do anything.
S.J. Watson|And then, when there is nothing else between us but love, we can begin to find a way to truly be together.
Anna White, Mended: Thoughts on Life, Love, and Leaps of Faith|The griefs that have been hardest for me were the ones I didn’t recognize as griefs, because they came in what were supposed to be the best times of my life. No one whispered in my ear that the best times, the ones that change our lives, are woven with the thread of loss.
Waylon Jennings|Once a man strays out of the common herd, he's more likely to meet wolves in the thickets than angels.
Henry Rollins|Music deals with time and timing. It's so magical, but when you get into it, every little sound and every little space between the sounds, it's critical, so critical. And if it's not there, it not only feels wrong, but it ruins things.
Ahmed Zewail|Faith is walking by faith, not by what you feel. You are not always going to feel that Jesus loves you or that God is good, but you know He is. It is the up and down of the journey.
Matt Wallace, Pride's Spell|Didn’t we option this one’s spec?” Producer One asks Producer Two, using his Italian-loafered foot to prod the eviscerated writer in question.There’s a whole pile of them.Dead writers, that is.Most of their hearts have been ripped from their chests. Some of them are missing their brains. Several are still clutching screenplays in their arms.
Tania Goody|Esau’s smile was like the face of God because it was grace-filled. It was compassionate and merciful. Esau did not approach wanting the vengeance he once desired. He came with forgiveness. When people see you today, will they say it is “like seeing the face of God” or something very different? Remember, we are to bring Jesus everywhere we go—forgiveness, love, mercy, grace, compassion, humility—everywhere we go.
Henry Hazlitt, Economics in One Lesson: The Shortest & Surest Way to Understand Basic Economics|The artificial primacy of defense among our national priorities is a constant unearned windfall for some, but it's privation for the rest of America; it steals from what we could be and can do. In Econ 101, they teach that the big-picture fight over national priorities is guns versus butter. Now it's butter versus margarine—guns get a pass.Overall, we're weaker for it, and at enormous cost.
Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism|What alternative is there to the media’s “Us” versus “Them”? The danger is that if it is used to prop up this “righteous” position of “ours” all we will see from now on are ever more exacting and minute analyses of the “dirty” distortions in “their” thinking. Without some flexibility in our definitions we’ll remain forever stuck with the same old knee-jerk reactions, or worse, slide into complete apathy.
Jim Lovell|Immensely grateful, touched, proud, astonished, abashed.
Pablo Picasso|Every act of creation is first of all an act of destruction." ― Pablo Picasso
Albert Einstein|Once you can accept the universe as matter expanding into nothing that is something, wearing stripes with plaid comes easy.
Leila Aboulela, Lyrics Alley|What ages you faster, suffering or experience?
M.F. Moonzajer|I would walk the way and accept the risks I have counted, rather accepting my failure.
Margaret Atwood, The Year of the Flood|But it seems she’d wanted children after all, because when she was told she’d been accidentally sterilized she could feel all the light leaking out of her.
Goldy Moldavsky, Kill the Boy Band|The joy you find as a teen, however frivolous and dumb, is pure and meaningful.
Rita Dove, On the Bus With Rosa Parks|When we . . . read and study the scriptures, benefits and blessings of many kinds come to us. This is the most profitable of all study in which we could engage.
Cynthia P. Schneider|Don't accumulate if you do not need. The excess of wealth in your hands is for the society, and you are the trustee for the same.
Alaya Dawn Johnson, Love Is the Drug|Although enlightened people know that an extreme phobia wasn't a form of madness, hey could not help but regard it as odd.
John Dear|Everything I've read about Christians in prison for their non-violent witness to Christ rings true. Whether it's St. Paul, St. Edmund Campion, Dorothy Day or Dr. King, the experience remains the same: God comes close to those in prison. God's spirit is unleashed on the person who suffers imprisonment in a spirit of obedient love. God is a God of prisoners, a God of the poor, a God of the oppressed--but most of all, as the life of Jesus testifies, a God of nonviolent resisters. God is a God of nonviolence and peace.
Shahenshah Hafeez Khan|Now everything is done by machines, technology has relieved you of much work. What to do? You become aggressive, you fight, you get angry. Without any reason or rhyme, you become angry – suddenly you flare up. Everybody knows that this is foolish, even you in your cooler moments know that that was foolish. But why did you flare up unnecessarily? The excuse was not enough. The real reason is not that there was some situation; the real reason is you have so much energy, so much petrol overflowing, inflammable, that any moment it can be active. That is why after anger you feel relaxed, after anger you feel a little well-being coming to you.
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|As far as it’s ideal that you get helped by people, it doesn't mean they are compelled to make your dreams come true without your efforts.
Flannery O'Connor, Mystery and Manners: Occasional Prose|Tolerance is an attitude of reasoned patience toward evil … a forbearance that restrains us from showing anger or inflicting punishment. Tolerance applies only to persons … never to truth. Tolerance applies to the erring, intolerance to the error … Architects are as intolerant about sand as foundations for skyscrapers as doctors are intolerant about germs in the laboratory. Tolerance does not apply to truth or principles. About these things we must be intolerant, and for this kind of intolerance, so much needed to rouse us from sentimental gush, I make a plea. Intolerance of this kind is the foundation of all stability.
Marie Lu, The Midnight Star|You think me cruel.”“No.” Magiano hesitates for a long moment. “Maybe a little.”“I’m not branding them because I am cruel,” I say calmly. “I’m doing it as a reminder of what they’ve done to us. To the marked. You’re so quick to forget.”“I never forget,” Magiano replies. This time, there is a slight sharpness to his tone. His hand hovers near his side, where his childhood wound continues to plague him. “But branding the unmarked with your crest will not make them any more loyal to you.”“It makes them fear me.”“Fear works best with some love,” Magiano says. “Show them that you can be terrifying, yet generous.” The gold bands in his braids clink. “Let the people love you a little, mi Adelinetta.
Julio Cortázar, Around the Day in Eighty Worlds|All European writers are ‘slaves of their baptism,’ if I may paraphrase Rimbaud; like it or not, their writing carries baggage from an immense and almost frightening tradition; they accept that tradition or they fight against it, it inhabits them, it is their familiar and their succubus. Why write, if everything has, in a way, already been said? Gide observed sardonically that since nobody listened, everything has to be said again, yet a suspicion of guilt and superfluity leads the European intellectual to the most extreme refinements of his trade and tools, the only way to avoid paths too much traveled. Thus the enthusiasm that greets novelties, the uproar when a writer has succeeded in giving substance to a new slice of the invisible; merely recall symbolism, surrealism, the ‘nouveau roman’: finally something truly new that neither Ronsard, nor Stendahl , nor Proust imagined. For a moment we can put aside our guilt; even the epigones begin too believe they are doing something new. Afterwards, slowly, they begin to feel European again and each writer still has his albatross around his neck.
Sarah Porter|After a while Luce curled up with her head leaning on a rock, wondering why she wasn't consumed with despair. Instead she felt an inexplicable sense of peace. She was cradled in music. The rocks around her chanted like slow, growling bells, and each curl of the water stroked her fins with silky notes. She'd been so afraid of leaving her tribe, but she understood that she never would have heard the music resonating out of every crook of the world if she hadn't taken so many risks. She'd opened her heart to the music of solitude, and it had come to her.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The moth prefers the moon and detests the sun, while the butterfly loves the sun and hides from the moon. Every living creature responds to light. But depending on the amount of light you have inside, determines which lamp in the sky your heart will swoon.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|The frame through which I viewed the world changed too, over time. Greater than scene, I came to see, is situation. Greater than situation is implication. Greater than all of these is a single, entire human being, who will never be confined in any frame.
Papa Roach|In the brightest hour of my darkest day, I realized what is wrong with me"~Forever
Christina Engela, The Pink Community - The Facts|Advocacy groups in the USA, as in other countries, may not be able to silence this hateful, cowardly and deceitful attack upon people’s humanity – but they can put out the correct, factual, scientifically and medically accurate information in an attempt to counter the ignorance and to restore the balance.
Anatole France|It is good to collect things, but it is better to go on walks.
Thaddeus Mason Harris|...there is something which impresses the mind with awe in the shade and silence of these vast forests. In the deep solitude, alone with nature, we converse with God.
Isaac Asimov|I don't believe in an afterlife, so I don't have to spend my whole life fearing hell, or fearing heaven even more. For whatever the tortures of hell, I think the boredom of heaven would be even worse.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Letting go is actually a healthy foundation upon which we can open up to real love—to giving, receiving, and experiencing it authentically and organically.
Ezra Taft Benson|I wasn't allowed to have sugar as a kid. We didn't have candy or soda or anything, so Easter and Halloween were my favorite times 'cause I could eat as much candy as I wanted.
April Mae Monterrosa|Restlessness is usually a sign of changes needing to be made, boredom, or loss of significance.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|Son, you can't go around painting yourself black, you hear?" "Why not, Papa?" "Because they'll take you away." "Why?" "Because you shouldn't want to be like black people or Jewish people or anyone who is...not us." "Who are Jewish people?" "You know my oldest customer, Mr. Kaufmann? Where we bought your shoes?" "Yes." "Well, he's Jewish." "I didn't know that. Do you have to pay to be Jewish? Do you need a license?" ..... "...you've got beautiful blond hair and big safe blue eyes. You should be happy with that; is that clear?
Anna McPartlin, Apart From The Crowd|Suddenly they were dancing, holding each other tight, moving in circles that symbolised their relationship, both afraid to let go, both willing the song to continue while silently their insides tore.
Charmaine J. Forde|t wait until you become rich to help somebody, kindness doesn't always require money
Jenny Han, Burn for Burn|She was right. Karma was a bitch, but so was I.
Bernard Kelvin Clive|In this age, you must be relentlessly remarkable to stay relevant, if not you will be relegated.
Catherynne M. Valente, Radiance|On ambition, goal setting and competition - it doesn't matter if you lose, but you can't win if you don't play the game.
Jan Struther, Mrs. Miniver|...[F]ireworks had for her a direct and magical appeal. Their attraction was more complex than that of any other form of art. They had pattern and sequence, colour and sound, brilliance and mobility; they had suspense, surprise, and a faint hint of danger; above all, they had the supreme quality of transience, which puts the keenest edge on beauty and makes it touch some spring in the heart which more enduring excellences cannot reach.
Daniel Suelo, The Man Who Quit Money|She swallowed the ridicule & washed it down with criticism, It was far sweeter than the taste of obscurity.
Denise Jaden, Losing Faith|Wow, someone woke up on the wrong side of the Midol.
H.S. Crow|As long as we have children seeking unrealistic dreams, anything is possible.
Dr. Seuss, Oh, The Places You'll Go!|Oh, the places you'll go! There is fun to be done!There are points to be scored. There are games to be won.And the magical things you can do with that ballwill make you the winning-est winner of all.Fame! You'll be as famous as famous can be,with the whole wide world watching you win on TV.Except when they don'tBecause, sometimes they won't.I'm afraid that some timesyou'll play lonely games too.Games you can't win'cause you'll play against you.
John Berger, Keeping a Rendezvous|When we read a story, we inhabit it. The covers of the book are like a roof and four walls. What is to happen next will take place within the four walls of the story. And this is possible because the story's voice makes everything its own.
Seyyed Hossein Nasr, Science  Civilization in Islam|When man penetrates the mysteries of Nature, the "facts of Nature" become transparent symbols, revealing the "divine energies" and the "angelic" state which fallen man has lost, and which he may recover only for a moment, as when he is enraptured by the beauty of music or of a lovely face. At such moments man forgets his limited self, his individualistic dream, and participates in the cosmic dream, thus becoming freed from the prison of his own carnal soul.
Anthony Burgess, A Clockwork Orange|And now, talking of praying, I realise sadly that there will be little point in praying for you. You are passing now to a region where you will be beyond the reach of the power of prayer.
Steven Redhead, Unleash The Power of Your Heart and Mind|Reach out for, then embrace your heart consciousness.
Henry Beston, The Outermost House: A Year of Life On The Great Beach of Cape Cod|Outside the windows, everything is getting darker. First the yellow dies from the light, then the green and pink. The world is a blue version of itself, momentarily, before the blue snuffs out, too and it is all night.
Mark Forsyth, The Elements of Eloquence: How to Turn the Perfect English Phrase|For where Love reigns, disturbing JealousyDoth call himself Affection's sentinel;Gives false alarms, suggesteth mutiny,And in a peaceful hour doth cry 'Kill, kill!
Eben Alexander, Proof of Heaven: A Neurosurgeon's Journey into the Afterlife|Mundane, boring stories--not interesting ones--are the ideal in an operating room.
Suzanne Collins, Mockingjay|Frankly, our ancestors don't seem much to brag about. I mean, look at the state they left us in, with the wars, the broken planet. Clearly, they didn't care about what would happen to the people who came after them.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|Some souls come together just for a little while to teach each other something. It can be confusing because you can think you love someone at first sight and you assume that they are a soul mate. You think it’s supposed to last forever. You share the same dreams because when your mind is asleep, your souls travel to the same place so that you can be together. You think of them and they call within moments, because they are thinking of you too. The truth is that some soul mates stay just long enough to teach you what you need to learn.
E.L. James, Fifty Shades Darker|No. No!” he says.“I . . .” He looks wildly around the room. For inspiration? For divine intervention? I don’t know.“You can’t go. Ana, I love you!”“I love you, too, Christian, it’s just—”“No . . . no!” he says in desperation and puts both hands on his head. “Christian . 
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Drunkenness is not a new vice. Its ravages have always been a scourge on the human race . . .Alcohol is a killer, a murderer.
John Adams|The human mind evolved always in the company of the human body, and of the animal body before it was human. The intricate connections of mind and body must exceed our imagination, as from our point of view we are peculiarly prevented from observing them.
Chelsea Handler, My Horizontal Life: A Collection of One-Night Stands|I never say the things I really want to. If I did, I'd have no friends.
Joel T. McGrath|Oh God, Oh God! that it were possibleTo undo things done; to call back yesterday!That time could turn up her swift and sandy glass,To untell days, and to redeem these hours.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|No one else “makes” us do anything. They can’t make us nag them, or make us angry, or make us have to strike out at them, or make us drink alcohol, or make us yell at them, or anything else. We are responsible for our choices, including our responses and reactions.
K. Larsen, Saving Caroline|It's about more than us, now, can't you see? I love you, of course I do, but some things...some things just have to be done.
Rodney Dangerfield|When I was kidnapped as a child my parents sent a letter to the hijackers me Pay 5,000 dollars or your back
Fay Weldon|Lucy could see that love unconfined, love outside convention, might well make a woman an unfit mother; you were one kind of woman or another: you were good or you were bad, as the world saw it, and no stations in between. They allowed you to choose; you could be the maternal or the erotic, but not a bit of both. The latter made you forget the former. Men married the maternal and then longed for the erotic. Or they married the erotic by mistake, and set about making it into the maternal, and then were just as disappointed.
Henry James|As for New York City, it is a place apart. There is not its match in any other country in the world.
Nikki Rowe|I share my secrets with the moon, She talks about her love story with the sun & I share all my dreams about you.
Todd Stocker|We don’t just show up on stage; we bring along the oil of praise in jars of practice and rehearsal so that when the Lord shows up, our worship shines as the light with which His Church shall welcome Him!
Steve Alten, The Loch|Issib wasn't thrilled to see him. I'm busy and don't need interruptions." "This is the household library," said Nafai. "This is where we always come to do research." "See? You're interrupting already." "Look, I didn't say anything, I just came in here, and you started picking at me the second I walked in the door." "I was hoping you'd walk back out." "I can't. Mother sent me here." Nafai walked over behind Issib, who was floating comfortably in the air in front of his computer display. It was layered thirty pages deep, but each page had only a few words on it, so he could see almost everything at once. Like a game of solitaire, in which Issib was simply moving fragments from place to place. The fragments were all words in weird languages. The ones Nafai recognized were very old. "What language is that?" Nafai asked pointing, to one. Issib signed. "I'm so glad you're not interrupting me." "What is it, some ancient form of Vijati?" "Very good. It's Slucajan, which came from Obilazati, the original form of Vijati. It's dead now." "I read Vijati, you know." "I don't." "Oh, so you're specializing in ancient, obscure languages that nobody speaks anymore, including you?" "I'm not learning these languages, I'm researching lost words." "If the whole language is dead, then all the words are lost." "Words that used to have meanings, but that died out or survived only in idiomatic expressions. Like 'dancing bear.' What's a bear, do you know?" "I don't know. I always thought it was some kind of graceful bird." "Wrong. It's an ancient mammal. Known only on Earth, I think, and not brought here. Or it died out soon. It was bigger than a man, very powerful. A predator." "And it danced?" "The expression used to mean something absurdly clumsy. Like a dog walking on its hind legs." "And now it means the opposite. That's weird. How could it change?" "Because there aren't any bears. THe meaning used to be obvious, because everybody knew a bear and how clumsy it would look, dancing. But when the bears were gone, the meaning could go anywhere. Now we use it for a person who's extremely deft in getting out of an embarrassing social situation. It's the only case that we use the word bear anymore. And you see a lot of people misspelling it, too." "Great stuff. You doing a linguistics project?" "No." "What's this for, then?" "Me." "Just collection old idioms?" "Lost words." "Like bear? The word isn't lost, Issya. It's the bears that are gone." "Very good, Nyef. You get full credit for the assignment. Go away now.
Brooke Shields|I wish to reiterate solemnly China's continued firm support to Pakistan in its efforts to uphold independence, sovereignty, and territorial integrity.
Anthony Liccione|One of these days, will become a this day. And that day, will be the preeminent of days to come.
Wayne Coyne|The study of tavern history often brings to light much evidence of sad domestic changes. Many a cherished and beautiful home, rich in annals of family prosperity and private hospitality, ended its days as a tavern.
Alisa Hope Wagner|Our God is an awesome God, he reigns from Heaven above, the most high God of all time.
Walt Whitman|Dominator culture has tried to keep us all afraid, to make us choose safety instead of risk, sameness instead of diversity. Moving through that fear, finding out what connects us, revelling in our differences; this is the process that brings us closer, that gives us a world of shared values, of meaningful community.
Duke Ellington|The most wonderful street in the universe is Broadway. It is a world within itself. High and low, rich and poor, pass along at a rate peculiar to New York, and positively bewildering to a stranger.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|The eighties happened. The nineties happened. Death and sickness and getting fat and going bald happened. I traded lots of dreams for a bigger paycheck, and I never even realized I was doing it.
Caroline Kennedy|The Vietnamese people deeply love independence, freedom and peace. But in the face of United States aggression they have risen up, united as one man.
Kate Morton, The Forgotten Garden|Every so often a reader tells me, somewhat disappointedly, that their family doesn't have any secrets. To which I always reply that of course it does, they just don't know them yet. For where there are people living in close proximity, there will always be secrets.
Bijou Hunter, Damaged and the Cobra|Ever since I drank your blood, my head has been crazy... I won’t lie. The connection gives me a lot of power over you. I could read your thoughts and speak to you wherever I am, even several miles away.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When she had arranged her household affairs, she came to the library and bade me follow her. Then, with the mirror still swinging against her knees, she led me through the garden and the wilderness down to a misty wood. It being autumn, the trees were tinted gloriously in dusky bars of colouring. The rowan, with his amber leaves and scarlet berries, stood before the brown black-spotted sycamore; the silver beech flaunted his golden coins against my poverty; firs, green and fawn-hued, slumbered in hazy gossamer. No bird carolled, although the sun was hot. Marina noted the absence of sound, and without prelude of any kind began to sing from the ballad of the Witch Mother: about the nine enchanted knots, and the trouble-comb in the lady's knotted hair, and the master-kid that ran beneath her couch. Every drop of my blood froze in dread, for whilst she sang her face took on the majesty of one who traffics with infernal powers. As the shade of the trees fell over her, and we passed intermittently out of the light, I saw that her eyes glittered like rings of sapphires.("The Basilisk")
Brigid Gorry-Hines|Life has a way of going in circles. Ideally, it would be a straight path forward––we'd always know where we were going, we'd always be able to move on and leave everything else behind. There would be nothing but the present and the future. Instead, we always find ourselves where we started. When we try to move ahead, we end up taking a step back. We carry everything with us, the weight exhausting us until we want to collapse and give up. We forget things we try to remember. We remember things we'd rather forget. The most frightening thing about memory is that it leaves no choice. It has mastered an incomprehensible art of forgetting. It erases, it smudges, it fills in blank spaces with details that don't exist. But however we remember it––or choose to remember it––the past is the foundation that holds our lives in place. Without its support, we'd have nothing for guidance. We spend so much time focused on what lies ahead, when what has fallen behind is just as important. What defines us isn't where we're going, but where we've been. Although there are places and people we will never see again, and although we move on and let them go, they remain a part of who we are. There are things that will never change, things we will carry along with us always. But as we venture into the murky future, we must find our strength by learning to leave things behind.
William Shakespeare, Macbeth|It is the tenderness that breaks our hearts. The loveliness that leaves us stranded on the shore, watching the boats sail away. It is the sweetness that makes us want to reach out and touch the soft skin of another person. And it is the grace that comes to us, undeserving though we may be.
David A. Bednar|And the only thing to do with a sin is to confess, do penance and then, after some kind of decent interval, ask for forgiveness.
Nadine Velazquez|Before the sacred, people lose all sense of power and all confidence; they occupy a powerless and humble attitude toward it. And yet no thing is sacred of itself, but by my declaring it sacred, by my declaration, my judgment, my bending the knee; in short, by my - conscience.
Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory|In a sane world, a term like "chronic crisis" would be instantly seen by anone as an oxymoron. Nevertheless, that's the state that many of us Western Worlders live in, provoking crisis after crisis so that we can justify our dis-ease rather than addressing that directly.
Apex|She had found someone who matched her, a warrior and a shield. A man she could respect; one she could argue with and enjoy. She hadn't wanted to lose that. Hadn't wanted to be alone again.
Conrad Hall|The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet.
Ashley Graham|The Internet is a funny place, because it’s a forum for so many awful ideas, body shaming, bullying, and the like. The negative side of social media is that everybody thinks they’re experts with the right to weigh in on.Yet, at the same time, the Internet is a place where women can find solidarity, no matter who or where they are.
Henrietta Newton Martin -Senior Legal Consultant & Author|The robot said, “I have been trying, friend Julius, to understand some remarks Elijah made to me earlier. Perhaps I am beginning to, for it suddenly seems to me that the destruction of what should not be, that is, the destruction of what you people call evil, is less just and desirable than the conversion of this evil into what you call good.” He hesitated, then, almost as though he were surprised at his own words, he said, “Go, and sin no more!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With self-courage, self-confidence and self-will, you will master the act.
Stefan Emunds|The root of identity crises: we seem to know a lot about ourselves, but we can't tell who we are. Realize your self!
Magic Johnson|In sports and in business, the greatest leaders are those who make the best decisions in the most crucial of situations. They are the ones who focus their energy on turning tough decisions into winning decisions.
Beth Mikell, Salvation|Easy…kelis,” he whispered, sweat beading his brow. “I want to savor this moment. And this…” Darién licked over Jenera’s lips with his tongue, planting small kisses at each corner before trailing over to her ear and he nibbled on her lobe. “I will fire you gently, simmer you sweetly,” he breathed, smiling against her throat. “And burn you completely.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban|Professor Kettleburn, our Care of Magical Creatures teacher, retired at the end of last year in order to enjoy more time with his remaining limbs.
Charles Dickens, A Christmas Carol|If these shadows remain unaltered by the Future, none other of my race," returned the Ghost, "will find him here. What then? If he be like to die, he had better do it, and decrease the surplus population."Scrooge hung his head to hear his own words quoted by the Spirit, and was overcome with penitence and grief."Man," said the Ghost, "if man you be in heart, not adamant, forbear that wicked cant until you have discovered What the surplus is, and Where it is. Will you decide what men shall live, what men shall die? It may be, that in the sight of Heaven, you are more worthless and less fit to live than millions like this poor man's child. Oh God! to hear the Insect on the leaf pronouncing on the too much life among his hungry brothers in the dust!
Anne Frank|I can shake off everything as I write; my sorrows disappear, my courage is reborn.
Emily Thorne|For the innocent, the past may hold a reward, but for the treacherous it's only a matter of time before the past delivers what they truly deserve.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne of Green Gables|Isn't it splendid to think of all the things there are to find out about? It just makes me feel glad to be alive--it's such an interesting world. It wouldn't be half so interesting if we know all about everything, would it? There'd be no scope for imagination then, would there?But am I talking too much? People are always telling me I do. Would you rather I didn't talk? If you say so I'll stop. I can STOP when I make up my mind to it, although it's difficult.
Tim Burton, The Melancholy Death of Oyster Boy and Other Stories|My name is Jimmy,but my friends just call methe hideous penguin boy.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., A Man Without a Country|I wanted all thingsTo seem to make some sense,So we could all be happy, yes,Instead of tense.And I made up liesSo that they all fit nice,And I made this sad worldA par-a-dise.
Craig Froman, An Owl on the Moon: A Journal from the Edge of Darkness|People have come, surpassed my soul and left.I have become hollow and the hollow space inside, hurts.
Cindy Woodsmall, The Winnowing Season|Good, don't think. Thinking is highly overrated.
Anastasia|I should be inclined, therefore, as I have hinted before, to consider the world and this life as the mighty process of God, not for the trial, but for the creation and formation of mind, a process necessary to awaken inert, chaotic matter into spirit, to sublimate the dust of the earth into soul, to elicit an ethereal spark from the clod of clay. And in this view of the subject, the various impressions and excitements which man receives through life may be considered as the forming hand of his Creator, acting by general laws, and awakening his sluggish existence, by the animating touches of the Divinity, into a capacity of superior enjoyment. The original sin of man is the torpor and corruption of the chaotic matter in which he may be said to be born.
Bob Feller|Yankee Stadium, it’s like everything else in this country. In Europe, they save all their old buildings for history. Here, we just tear them all down.
David Brin, The Postman|We have earned our peace. It is, by now, more precious than honor, or even pity.
Allen Klein|Poor David Hume is dying fast, but with more real cheerfulness and good humor and with more real resignation to the necessary course of things, than any whining Christian ever dyed with pretended resignation to the will of God.
Tanigawa Nagaru|Wisdom, ambition, sadness, joy, malice, grief, amazement, all the emotions which blaze within the human soul may be recorded on a page. Nestled in a sheaf of paper sleeps an infinity beyond the limits of the universe. Just by opening a single page, we may fly into that infinity.
Dick Francis, Dead Cert|It is only by being bold that you get anywhere. If you are a risk-taker, then the art is to protect the downside.
G.K. Chesterton, What's Wrong with the World|Government is there to do only what the private sector won’t, can’t, or shouldn’t do.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|This is the great world, and I am only Kim. Who is Kim?' He considered his own identity, a thing he had never done before, till his head swam. He was one insignificant person in all this roaring whirl of India, going southward to he knew not what fate.
Toni Tennille|On July 18, we will mark the 12th anniversary of the senseless loss of 85 lives in the bombing of the Jewish Cultural Center in Buenos Aires, Argentina.
Deborah Sandella|Anger is fleeting, whereas hostility is enduring.
Pastor Adelaja Sunday|Machines are non living things, but they still can absorb human attitudes.
Margaret Aranda|A long time ago, I gave up trying to understand how other people think.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|You can't love me if you don't love you, you can't think of nothing to do with me if you can't think of nothing to do with yourself, stop feeling sorry for yourself and tidy up, clean up the apartment until you get a house, do that job until you build your own company. Look at what you have and think on how to make it better.
Leigh Bardugo, Crooked Kingdom|Wylan summoned every bit of bravado he'd learned from Nina, the will he'd learned from Matthias, the focus he'd studied in Kaz, the courage he'd learned from Inej, and the wild, reckless hope he'd learned from Jesper, the belief that no matter the odds, somehow they would win.
Jeff Smith, Ferguson in Black and White|The city was a puzzle box built of symbols, a confusion of old and new, armored cars and donkeys in the streets, Bedouins and bankers. The Turks and Haredim, the showy Greek and Russian processions -- everyone seemed to be in costume, reenacting the miraculous past.
Lawren Leo, Love's Shadow: Nine Crooked Paths|He stood and stepped up behind her. Why not? It's the truth. I like spending time with you. You're strong, beautiful and brave. What more could a man ask for?
Story Shares|We are the same, you and I. Whether samurai or night-hawk, the Suruga Dainagon or member of the Toudouza, it makes no difference. My sword is the proof....
James V. Schall|I used to look at Jinks and marvel at her smooth complexion, but over the years I have come to realise that she has been spared wrinkles by virtue of never having succumbed to heavy thought.
Heather Wolf|Mercy is God’s loving response to sinners; and mercy is our loving response to others—and to ourselves—in circumstances of need. To this I would add that mercy, as an experience of love, has an unexpected quality—something unforeseen or unanticipated. We talk about mercy when we feel or offer forgiveness, when we find or give help and assistance, but we also speak about “mercy” when we are surprised by good deeds that catch us unawares and transform our lives for the better.
Louis Nizer|For families to access affordable housing, they often need legal representation that takes their side against abusive landlords.
Richard C. Morais, The Hundred-Foot Journey|Just as in the physical world, people within virtual worlds perform and cycle through different roles and identities. Virtual worlds make such shifts explicit, as well as introducing spaces for play and performance.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The blind can see love, the deaf can hear love, the mute can express love, and the disabled can carry love.
Wilhelm Reich, The Mass Psychology of Fascism|After a democratic interlude the "monarchy" returns with a vengeance, returns by the back door, camouflaged, masked and diabolically perverted—a blood-curdling metamorphosis we know only from nightmares or surrealist films. The reassertion of the natural father-urge does not result in the restitution of the paternal kingdom but in the rise of the Terrifying Father, a Krónos devouring his own children, who are paralyzed by his magnetic glare like rabbits facing a boa constrictor.
Maria Semple, Where'd You Go, Bernadette|People like you must create. If you don't create, Bernadette, you will become a menace to society.
Deepak Gupta, Inspiring Life: Motivational Quotes That Can Change Your Life|Nothing In This World Is Age Restricted, You Can Think Like A Senior Head On Young Shoulders.
Ernest Becker|People were always ready to yield theirwills, to worship the hero, because they were not given a chancefor developing initiative, stability, and independence, said the greatnineteenth-century Russian sociologist Nikolai Mikhailovsky
Guru Nanak, Sri Guru Granth Sahib|Even kings and emperors, with mountains of property and oceans of wealth - these are not even equal to an ant, who does not forget God.
Jesse Eisenberg|Let's face it: in advertising, you are paid more, but you die younger. It's not very forgiving. Like sports stars, you're in it during your better years, and then you're out looking for work.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Be confident, be bold!
T.H. White, The Book of Merlyn: The Unpublished Conclusion to The Once & Future King|It is a pity that there are no big creatures to prey on humanity. If there were enough dragons and rocs, perhaps mankind would turn its might against them. Unfortunately man is preyed upon by microbes, which are too small to be appreciated.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|Oh, now look what you've done. You've gone and pissed him off," Breccan said as he stood behind two of the gypsies, one of his large hands clamped down on each of their shoulders.
R. J. Rushdooney|From New Year's Eve through the third of January, the streets of Tokyo grew quiet, as if all the people had disappeared.
William Wordsworth|I am despised by an army of undiscerning academic highbrows, and ridiculed by semi-educated and vengeful "China-experts" whose era of translating Chinese into Western categories has now come to an end. The public is ready for non-European vocabularies.
Lewis N. Roe, From A To Theta: Taking The Tricky Subject Of Religion And Explaining Why It Makes Sense In A Way We Can All Understand|Whether you say that a god does exist, or that none do, it is a claimto know (or at least believe in) something. Once you claim to knowsomething, you can't call that a lack of belief in the opposite viewand then say it's the place that you started.
Stephen King, Pet Sematary|The less people know, the more they talk. The less people understand, the more they try to explain.
Rick Riordan|Different elevator music was playing since my last visit-that old disco song "Stayin' Alive." A terrifying image flashed through my mind of Apollo in bell-bottom pants and a slinky silk shirt.
Marge Piercy, Dance the Eagle to Sleep|they were in love with apocalypse, like all men, more in love with myths than with any woman.
Tim Burton|Voodoo GirlHer skin is white cloth,and she's all sewn apartand she has many colored pinssticking out of her heart.She has many different zombieswho are deeply in her trance.She even has a zombiewho was originally from France.But she knows she has a curse on her,a curse she cannot win.For if someone getstoo close to her,the pins stick farther in.
Robert Fanney|Writers shouldn't fear criticism. Instead, they should fear silence. Criticism is healthy. It gets people thinking about your work and, even better, it gets them talking and arguing. But as for silence -- it is the greatest killer of writers. So if you hate a book and want to hurt it -- don't talk about it. And if you hate my books -- please, for God's sake, shout it from the hills! 
Paul O'Grady|I write about heartbreak because I like writing about sad things, but I'm writing happy songs, too!
Neshialy S.|I'm so loud, as if I know what I'm on about,but deep inside, I'm so insecure.Just a little girl.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Be where you are, stop over-thinking, and focus on what you are doing.
Gerald Durrell, My Family and Other Animals|Overflowing with the milk of human kindness, the family had invited everyone they could think of, including people they cordially disliked.
Hermann Hesse, Demian. Die Geschichte von Emil Sinclairs Jugend|You've never lived what you are thinking, and that isn't good. Only the ideas we actually live are of any value.
Love The Stacks Bookstore|Books, an addiction for the soul...
Srinidhi.R, Dream of Rainbows|Rainbows are said to be beautiful!Rainbows are said to be colourful!Rainbows may possibly be magical!But, I have never seen a rainbow appearing in the sky!
Duane Elmer, Cross-Cultural Servanthood: Serving the World in Christlike Humility|Power is meant to be shared with the goal of empowering others. Hoarded power weakens others and exalts oneself. Power, when grounded in biblical values, serves others by liberating them. It acknowledges that people bear the image of God and treats them in a way that will nurture the development of that image. In so doing, we honor their Creator.
Joyce Carol Oates, Carthage|I have no inner life. I have no ‘intimate’ life. I am just what I-what to do. I move from one habitation to another like one of those-is it herit crabs? Taking up residence in others shells.(…)Others’ shells are fine. You come, and then you go. They’re gone
Lois Greiman, Unplugged|Men have two outstanding features--their brains and their genitalia. Unfortunately, both rarely function simultaneously.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|The cause of our current social crises, he would have said, is a genetic defect within the nature of reason itself. And until this genetic defect is cleared, the crises will continue. Our current modes of rationality are not moving society forward into a better world. They are taking it further and further from that better world. Since the Renaissance these modes have worked. As long as the need for food, clothing and shelter is dominant they will continue to work. But now that for huge masses of people these needs no longer overwhelm everything else, the whole structure of reason, handed down to us from ancient times, is no longer adequate. It begins to be seen for what it really is…emotionally hollow, esthetically meaningless and spiritually empty.
Madeleine L'Engle|We decided to leave early, you wouldn't want to be there in the end, when the lights came on. You'd never sit down in here again. In a depressing shuffle we pushed to the door, now it was good to get up and out, while it was still a black hole, warm, and smokey, full of possibilities...
Janna Cachola|Yesterday was just the tip of the iceberg of awesomeness. Things will get better. Keep smiling, don't give up just yet. Perseverance has an amazing gift for you, just wait you see.
Marcel Proust, Time Regained|And like an aviator who rolls painfully along the ground until, abruptly, he breaks away from it, I felt myself being slowly lifted towards the silent peaks of memory.
Evan D.G. Fraser|...eating is the purest mode of consumption. Our purchases are statements about our social class, our friends, and our beliefs. Buying something as continually necessary as food is an ongoing act of self-definition.
Sheldon Lee Glashow|Our age gives the more receptive among the young such a sense of social responsibility that one is inclined at times to fear that social interests may encroach upon individual development, that a knowledge of all the ills affecting the community may act as too powerful a damper on the joys of youth.
Lynne Truss, Eats, Shoots & Leaves: The Zero Tolerance Approach to Punctuation|If you still persist in writing, "Good food at it's best", you deserve to be struck by lightning, hacked up on the spot and buried in an unmarked grave.
Jodi Picoult, Nineteen Minutes|When feeling came back, in a storm of color and force and sensation, the most you could do was hold on to the person beside you and hope you could weather it. Alex closed her eyes and expected the worst-but it wasn't a bad thing; it was just a different thing. A messier one, more complicated one. She hesitated, and then she kissed Patrick back, willing to concede that you might have to lose control before you could find what you'd been missing.
Jonathan Sacks, The Dignity of Difference: How to Avoid the Clash of Civilizations|I cannot kill someone, he thought.
Roy T. Bennett|You learn something valuable from all of the significant events and people, but you never touch your true potential until you challenge yourself to go beyond imposed limitations.
Anne Rice, Interview with the Vampire|The Hopi Indians thought that the world’s religions each contained one spiritual thread, and that these threads are always seeking each other, wanting to join. When all the threads are finally woven together they will form a rope that will pull us out of this dark cycle of history and into the next realm.
Lisa Goldstein, The Sandman: Book of Dreams|Raimon was amused to see that the countess Carenza grew more beautiful by the day: her expression has softened and the pouches under her eyes had disappeared. She carried herself confidently, secure in the knowledge that she was fascinating to one pair of eyes at least.
Mark Twain|Be not afraid of greatness. Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and others have greatness thrust upon them.
Irwin Shaw|I never drink while I'm working, but after a few glasses I get ideas that would never have occurred to me dead sober.
|Failure is sometimes inevitable, but failing to get back up is what turns a lot of people into failures.
Amit Ray, World Peace: The Voice of a Mountain Bird|If you want to fly on the sky, you need to leave the earth. If you want to move forward, you need to let go the past that drags you down.
Philippa Gregory, The Constant Princess|The poetry of history lies in the quasi-miraculous fact that once, on this earth, once, on this familiar spot of ground, walked other men and women, as actual as we are today, thinking their own thoughts, swayed by their own passions, but now all gone, one generation vanishing into another, gone as utterly as we ourselves shall shortly be gone, like ghosts at cockcrow.
Junot Díaz, This Is How You Lose Her|There were a lot of these middle-aged single types in the neighborhood, shipwrecked by every kind of catastrophe, but she was one of the few who didn't have children, who lived alone, who was still kinda young. Something must have happened, your mother speculated. In her mind, a woman with no child could be explained only by vast untrammelled calamity.Maybe she just doesn't like children.Nobody likes children, your mother assured you. That doesn't mean you don't have them.
Adrianne Marcus|When I die,' I said to my friend, 'I'm not going to be embalmed. I'm going to be dipped.' Milk chocolate or bittersweet was the immediate concern.
Brian C. O'Connor, Jud H. Copeland, Jodi L. Kearns|...our students should be playing Beethoven with research processes, but instead we are hearing Mary Had a Little Lamb.
Mark Gorton, The Utterly Amazing BUMBLING-BOY VS. THE GREEN BOGEY: To bee or not to bee, that is the question|When you say fair, Samantha,” said Mr Green through a peculiar smile, “do you mean one of those travelling fleets of vehicles that arrive and set up things like spinning Waltzers and Big Wheels and all manner of machines that whizz people around in circles and up and down and from side to side? Machines that could...” Mr Green turned away and his unnatural smile became even more unsettling... “easily go wrong!
Rita Ora|I hope my children just grow up happy and pursue their dreams. I mean, that's all I can ask of them.
Shatrujeet Nath, The Conspiracy at Meru|Our fight was not for ownership of a fertile piece of land. It was about defending the sanctity of ethics and fairness and dignity --- about defending humanity. Those are the values worth fighting for. If we forsake those very values in war, we become the very thing we are fighting against. We become them. Then what do we have left to fight for?
M.F. Moonzajer|The Albion was a spacious pub, built in the days when a public house with any pretensions to gentility had to have fourteen foot ceilings, brass taps and a polished wooden bar you skate down. ... Bert, in his reflective moments, considered that if heaven didn't have a well-appointed pub where a man could sit down over a beer for a yarn with the other angels, then he didn't want to go there.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|Depression, anger, and sadness are states of mind, and so are happiness, peace, and contentment. You can choose to be in any of these states because it's your mind.
Steve Martin|Before you criticize a man, walk a mile in his shoes. That way, when you do criticize him, you'll be a mile away and have his shoes.
R. Alan Woods|It is natural to speak of hymns as "poems," indiscriminately, for they have the same structure. But a hymn is not necessarily a poem, while a poem that can be sung as a hymn is something more than a poem. Imagination makes poems; devotion makes hymns. There can be poetry without emotion, but a hymn never. A poem may argue; a hymn must not. In short to be a hymn, what is written must express spiritual feelings and desires. The music of faith, hope and charity will be somewhere in its strain.
Abraham Verghese, Cutting for Stone|I believe in black holes. I believe that as the universe empties into nothingness, past and future will smack together in the last swirl around the drain. I believe this is how Thomas Stone materialized in my life. If that's not the explanation, then I must invoke a disinterested God who leaves us to our own devices, neither causing nor preventing tornadoes or pestilence, but a God who will now and then stick his thumb on the spinning wheel so that a father who put a continent between himself and his sons should find himself in the same room as one of them.
Laura Esquivel, Malinche|Unmoor the boat, we could go…downriver...History is a collection of found objects washed up through time. Goods, ideas, personalities surface towards us and then sink away and some we hook out and others we ignore. And as the pattern changes so does the meaning. We cannot rely on the facts. Time that returns everything, changes everything. ..a bundle of abandoned clothes. The end of one identity and the beginning of another. …History is a madman's museum. I think I understand some of this, But it’s all subject to the tide. Unmoor the boat. Part miracle part madness. My life is a series of set sails and shipwrecks. I run aground I cut loose, the rim is dangerously near the waterline. I feel like a saint in a coracle. Head thrown back, sun on my throat. Unmoor the boat.
April Henry, Girl, Stolen|If your eyes can not cry, then your gut will."The head and heart may be in denial of your human needs, but the gut will always carry the wisdom of your needs met and unmet, and thusly respond.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|You live and let live, eventually that becomes enough.
Jason E. Hodges, When The Cedars Shade Your Grave|Tingling fingers, morning birds, rain splatters on window pane, journals of fading escapades and laughter...
Mason Cooley|The feudal concept of self-preservation is poisoned at the core by the virulent assumption of master and man, of potentate and slave, of external and internal suppression of the life urge of the only one - of its faith in human sacrifice as a means of salvation.
Josh Bezoni|Better to hunt in fields, for health unbought,Than fee the doctor for a nauseous draught.The wise, for cure, on exercise depend;God never made his work for man to mend.
Ernest Nagel, Gödel's Proof|Logic is the last scientific ingredient of Philosophy; its extraction leaves behind only a confusion of non-scientific, pseudo problems.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you have never reached rock bottom, you have never attended the school of greatness.
T.S. Eliot, The Waste Land|My nerves are bad to-night. Yes, bad. Stay with me.	 'Speak to me. Why do you never speak? Speak.	 'What are you thinking of? What thinking? What?	 'I never know what you are thinking. Think.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|she thought it was the misfortune of poetry, to be seldom safely enjoyed by those who enjoyed it completely; and that the strong feelings which alone could estimate it truly, were the very feelings which ought to taste it but sparingly.
Norbert Wiener|And then the finale, its four modest notes. Do, re, fa, mi: half a jumbled scale. Too simple to be called invented. But the thing spills out into the world like one of those African antelopes that fall from the womb, still wet with afterbirth but already running.
Dorian Corey|Since Drake told me that day in the wooded lot,while the leaves agreed with gravity and left the trees,that he liked boys instead of girls, it's been easier to love him. Loving him feels like counting or usingthe phone or something else that's effortless. I'm likea leaf with nothing to do but fall.
W.B. Yeats, The Celtic Twilight: Faerie and Folklore|By the Hospital Lane goes the 'Faeries Path.' Every evening they travel from the hill to the sea, from the sea to the hill. At the sea end of their path stands a cottage. One night Mrs. Arbunathy, who lived there, left her door open, as she was expecting her son. Her husband was asleep by the fire; a tall man came in and sat beside him. After he had been sitting there for a while, the woman said, 'In the name of God, who are you?' He got up and went out, saying, 'Never leave the door open at this hour, or evil may come to you.' She woke her husband and told him. 'One of the good people has been with us,' said he. ("Village Ghosts")
Warsan Shire, Teaching My Mother How to Give Birth|[…] but she cannot make him eat, like you.
Jon Favreau|The words come from here. From memories, from dreams, from people I've known. I'm always writing and reflecting on life. I want to suck it all in.
Hannah Arendt|Relationships are an art form created by two or more individuals who have similar or complementary visions, passions, and ambitions.
Thérèse de Lisieux|The soldier is the Army. No army is better than its soldiers. The Soldier is also a citizen. In fact, the highest obligation and privilege of citizenship is that of bearing arms for one’s country
Michael Montoure, Slices|A successful presentation needs to be both buttoned up (orderly) and free-flowing (a conversation). The tension between the two, the fact that both things are happening at once, defines the process.
Gloria Reuben|For sin is just this, what man cannot by its very nature do with his whole being; it is possible to silence the conflict in the soul, but it is not possible to uproot it.
Rebekah Nathan, My Freshman Year: What a Professor Learned by Becoming a Student|They glided out of the heat-haze on their camels like specters. There were twenty of them, and they were Tuareg. Their faces were hidden by black veils that left only slits for the eyes, and they wore purple robes that fluttered in the desert wind. They carried swords, muskets and seven-foot iron spears, and wore stilettos in sheaths on their left forearms. They were an impressive, sinister sight.
John Berger, Once In Europa|We're all on our own, aren't we? That's what it boils down to. We come into this world on our own- in Hawaii, as I did, or New York, or China, or Africa or Montana- and we leave it in the same way, on our own, wherever we happen to be at the time- in a plane, in our beds, in a car, in a space shuttle, or in a field of flowers. And between those times, we try to connect along the way with others who are also on their own. If we're lucky, we have a mother who reads to us. We have a teacher or two along the way who make us feel special. We have dogs who do the stupid dog tricks we teach them and who lie on our bed when we're not looking, because it smells like us, and so we pretend not to notice the paw prints on the bedspread. We have friends who lend us their favorite books. Maybe we have children, and grandchildren, and funny mailmen and eccentric great-aunts, and uncles who can pull pennies out of their ears. All of them teach us stuff. They teach us about combustion engines and the major products of Bolivia, and what poems are not boring, and how to be kind to each other, and how to laugh, and when the vigil is in our hands, and when we have to make the best of things even though it's hard sometimes. Looking back together, telling our stories to one another, we learn how to be on our own.
Mustafa Said|It was only that she wanted him to be happy, resenting, however, his inability to be so with things as they were, and never acknowledging that though she did want him to be happy, it was only in her own way and by some plan of hers for him that she truly desired him to be so.
Nana Awere Damoah, I Speak of Ghana|Oral tradition is practised in most African cultures: ideals, family histories and legacies are handed down from one generation to the other physically or verbally. However, this system is flawed in the sense that a lot of African innovation, experience and culture have been lost, undocumented.
Vahid Asghari, CIA Boy ISS Girl|If you see many paths before you, don't be afraid; if you see only one path before you, then be afraid because choice means freedom and no choice means slavery!
Gena Showalter|Be careful in your life, Tolui. I want you fit and strong for when I come for you.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need.
Basil Hume|Easter is very important to me, it's a second chance.
Shashank Rayal|Beauty identifies by face, but justifies by only heart.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Sometimes to submit is to know you have a life worth living for a higher purpose, worth seeing through.
Colum McCann, Letters to a Young Writer: Some Practical and Philosophical Advice|The vehemence of emotion, stirred by grief and love within me, was claiming mastery, and struggling for full sway; and asserting a right to predominate: to overcome, to live, rise, and reign at last; yes,--and to speak.
Lizzie Ashworth, His to Lose|Put your hands up against the wall as well,” you snarl and your voice isso close now – I can feel your hot breath against my neck. The proximitymakes me feel even hornier.I comply immediately, feeling instantly more vulnerable this way andloving the increased jeopardy. I know you want me as much as I want you,but to prove the point, you push your frame up against me. Your body ishard and I feel your cock straining against my ass through your trousers.Automatically I arch my hips and grind myself against you. It’s a gamble Iam likely to be punished for, but the sensation is so good I am willing totake the risk.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|I was merely observing; I have no agenda." He looked at his hand, still touching hers. "Where did you get that ring?"She contracted her hand into a fist as she pulled it away from him. The amethyst in her ring glowed in the firelight. "It was a gift.""From whom?""That's none of your concern."He shrugged, though she knew betterthan to tell him who'd really given it to her - rather, she knew Chaol wouldn't want Dorian to know. "I'd like to know who's been giving rings to my Champion."The way the collar of his black jacket lay across his neck made her unnable to sit still. She wanted to touch him, to trace the line between his tan skin and the golden lining of the fabric."Billiards?" she asked, rising to her feet. I could use another lesson." Celaena didn't wait for his answer as she strode toward the gaming room. She very much wanted to stand close to him and have her skin warm under his breath. She liked that. Worse than that, she realized, she liked him.
Mark Leyner, The Sugar Frosted Nutsack|I tend to interpret that whole 'everyone's wife is a Mossad agent' thing in a more sort of metaphorical way--that people you're intimate with might be, like, 'double agents,' y'know? It's a weird kind of paranoia you get about people you love--that they might turn out to be completely different from who you think they are, that it's all been some sort of diabolically patient plot against you. I think that's a pretty normal fear you have in any serious relationship. And that's why it's such a popular part of the epic, because so many people can relate to that fear. But personally, I don't really worry about it too much.
Selena Gómez|Everything happens for a reason and, something better will come along for me!
Nadège Richards, Burning Bridges|You just know something is amiss, when you look at someone and long for something that is not yours or you cannot have. It's an absence--a loss of a heartbeat.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|In between waking up from bed in the morning and going back in the evening, let something happen. God will bless that “something” for you.
Victoria Scott, The Liberator|Can I ask you something very personal while you try things on?”“Yes, of course, what do you want to know?”“…well, it’s just that… I don’t want to offend you,” she said uncertainly. “Oh come on, Akane, out with it!” Mitsuko prompted her, “I want to know the answer too!”“Very well,” agreed the little auburn pixie and cut to the chase: “Where are your wings?”The question was so unexpected that I burst out laughing. “I had to part with them when I came down to Earth. “It’s something every angel has to deal with if they’re planning to spend any length of time down here.”“And what’s your life like, up there?” Akane asked. “In the Kingdom of Heaven, we live as beings of pure light.” “Up there, there’s no such thing as fear, pain, hot or cold. We don’t know hunger, suffering, ageing or death. We have no need of food and we don’t sleep. We are the messengers of God and we watch over the lives of mortals. We come to Earth often, but only as spirits, and once we’ve completed our task down here, we always go back to the White Woods.
Ben M. Baglio, Into the Blue|Cat rescue is like a virus," says Des placidely about the cat obsession that has taken over his life. "And once you're infected, it's incurable.
Peter M. Brant|I like the freedom of research. Plus, if I fail in science, I know I can always survive because I have an M.D. This has been my insurance policy.
James T. Farrell|If you let conditions stop you from working, they'll always stop you.
Nenia Campbell, Tantalized|I can't believe it. He is sporting a bona fide erection in the middle of class. All because of me.In history you learn about entire kingdoms crumbling into chaos because of a woman—or, in some cases, multiple women. I smile at Professor Delacroix, putting an extra bit of swing into my hips as I sashay out the door. I'm beginning to see just how easy it is to bring a man to his knees with a few flashes of bare skin, and the whispered promise of hot, sweaty sex.
Mikhail Bulgakov, Morphine|We, as a society, have arbitrarily differentiated between acceptable and unacceptable drug addictions.
John J. Geddes|...within invisible walls of dreams, we live a life that might have been...
Ralph Waldo Emerson|The secret of poetry is never explained - is always new. We have not got farther than mere wonder at the delicacy of the touch, & the eternity it inherits. In every house a child that in mere play utters oracles, & knows not that they are such. 'Tis as easy as breath. 'Tis like this gravity, which holds the Universe together, & none knows what it is.
Liza Palmer|I have a theory about pink pastry boxes. So much joy comes from those boxes. When someone walks into a room with a pink pastry box, joy immediately fills the room. World peace? Three words. Pink pastry box. I get a big cup of coffee and finalize my plans for world domination.
Janice  Anderson|Entitlement is an expression of conditional love. Nobody is ever entitled to your love. You always have a right to protect your mental, emotional, and physical well-being by removing yourself from toxic people and circumstances.
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster|ROSE of all Roses, Rose of all the World!	The tall thought-woven sails, that flap unfurled	Above the tide of hours, trouble the air,	And God’s bell buoyed to be the water’s care;	While hushed from fear, or loud with hope, a band	 With blown, spray-dabbled hair gather at hand.	Turn if you may from battles never done,	I call, as they go by me one by one,	Danger no refuge holds, and war no peace,	For him who hears love sing and never cease,	 Beside her clean-swept hearth, her quiet shade:	But gather all for whom no love hath made	A woven silence, or but came to cast	A song into the air, and singing past	To smile on the pale dawn; and gather you	 Who have sought more than is in rain or dew	Or in the sun and moon, or on the earth,	Or sighs amid the wandering starry mirth,	Or comes in laughter from the sea’s sad lips;	And wage God’s battles in the long grey ships.	 The sad, the lonely, the insatiable,	To these Old Night shall all her mystery tell;	God’s bell has claimed them by the little cry	Of their sad hearts, that may not live nor die.	Rose of all Roses, Rose of all the World!	 You, too, have come where the dim tides are hurled	Upon the wharves of sorrow, and heard ring	The bell that calls us on; the sweet far thing.	Beauty grown sad with its eternity	Made you of us, and of the dim grey sea.	Our long ships loose thought-woven sails and wait,	For God has bid them share an equal fate;	And when at last defeated in His wars,	They have gone down under the same white stars,	We shall no longer hear the little cry	 Of our sad hearts, that may not live nor die.The Sweet Far Thing
Elisa Albert, The Book of Dahlia|A matter, as the famous book intoned, of finding the shade of the parachute that best complemented you. But really: With no parachute at all you'd hit the pavement so hard it probably wouldn't even hurt, and you'd unleash a whole new color palate-bone, blood, muscle-in the process.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|She also keeps talking about the Billie Holiday record she bought for me. And she says she wants to expose me to all these great things. And to tell you the truth, I don't really want to be exposed to all these great things if it means that I'll have to listen to Mary Elizabeth talk about all the great things she exposed me to all the time. It almost feels like of the three things involved: Mary Elizabeth, me, and the great things, only the first one matters to Mary Elizabeth. I don't understand that. I would give someone a record so they could love the record, not so they would always know that I gave it to them.
Chris Cleave, Little Bee|Let the Gods create the days, and just live through them.
Terry Goodkind, Soul of the Fire|The foundations of some formerly strong lands became so riddled with termites of diminished purpose, so decayed with the decadence of smug moderation, and so emaciated with the vacillating aims of appears, that even when they saw the enemy coming and did resist, they were easily toppled when the Imperial Order finally pushed.
David Hoffmeister|The whole message of the Course is: do not wait. In other words, salvation is offered to you this instant; be vigilant! Watch your mind. Be as attentive as you can this very instant. And the Course does not give specifics, like if this arises, do that. It is all based on sorting out the two thinking systems; the right mind and the wrong mind. That is where healing takes place. It draws attention away from symptoms level, whether it be financial problems, health issues or whatever.
Charles Dickens, Bleak House|He gave it its present name, and lived here shut up: day and night poring over the wicked heaps of papers in the suit, and hoping against hope to disentangle it from its mystification and bring it to a close. In the meantime, the place became dilapidated, the wind whistled through the cracked walls, the rain fell through the broken roof, the weeds choked the passage to the rotting door. When I brought what remained of him home here, the brains seemed to me to have been blown out of the house too; it was so shattered and ruined.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|To live in a world where men do not love, where they cheat and are callous, is to sink into a preoccupation with death, and to see the futility of anything except virtue.
R. Austin Freeman, For The Defence: Dr. Thorndyke|It was in a large window--a sort of hybrid between a shop and a private house--and consisted of a hand-written placard executed in bold Roman capitals announcing that these premises were occupied by no less a person than Professor Booley, late of Boston, U.S.A. (popularly believed to be the hub of the universe).
Lou Reed, The Raven|… human needs are finite, but human greed is not …
Gabriel Cousens M.D., Conscious Parenting: The Holistic Guide to Raising and Nourishing Healthy, Happy Children|Balance your body for better results. A balanced body improves electrical communication to muscles and gets you stronger, faster.
Blake Lewis|To do what you love and are passionate about is a dream come true, My life is consumed by music and entertainment— and it’s the best life I could ever hope for.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Love is louder than anger, even in silence.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Return of the King|I am glad you are here with me. Here at the end of all things, Sam.
Margaret Atwood, Bluebeard's Egg|Yet I am incapable of writing the only kind of novel which interests me: a book powered with an intellectual or moral passion strong enough to create order, to create a new way of looking at life. It is because I am too diffused. I have decided never to write another novel. I have fifty 'subjects' I could write about; and they would be competent enough. If there is one thing we can be sure of, it is that competent and informative novels will continue to pour from the publishing houses. I have only one, and the least important, of the qualities necessary to write at all, and that is curiosity. It is the curiosity of the journalist.
Jeremy Keith, Resilient Web Design|I've tried to use sex in place of language, but no one yet has been capable of processing the imagery, references, and metaphors I imbue into my thrusts, so I've returned to common English.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The most critical time in any battle is not when I’m fatigued, it’s when I no longer care.
Matthew Arnold, Empedocles on Etna and Other Poems|As time passes in Heaven, the stars do not change places, not till the day when Zig changes the complete backdrop. I tell my students this is a metaphor for life; we go along thinking nothing will be different, till the day everything suddenly changes at once.
Mark Helprin|I was just taught very early that if I didn't solve problems, I was headed for a very dark path. Problems were everywhere. Now, even if there are no problems, I look for problems. I'm like, 'You know what? I don't like the way this spoon works. I want to design a new spoon.'
Lailah Gifty Akita|Africa! Africa! Africa! Africa my motherland!Africa, your people cries for you!Africans must educate their citizens.Africans must reach out to it's people and empower them to build the nation.Africans you are the only people who can liberated your citizens from poverty through education. Africans must pay the price to rebuild the continent.
Danny Kaye|Draw a circle, not a heart, around the one you love because a heart can break but a circle goes on forever.
Gayle Forman, I Was Here|...Sleepovers and dance parties and those talks we would have until three in the morning that would make us feel lousy the next day because we’d slept like hell but also feel good because the talks were like blood transfusions, moments of realness and hope that were pinpricks of light in the dark fabric of small-town life.
Katrina Kenison, Magical Journey: An Apprenticeship in Contentment|That's the thing about social drinking: In the end, it's the drinking that creates the scene, not the other way around. You grow to relish the buzz, regardless of the situation. Once you're there, really there inside that moment, with its neighbourly warmth and conversation, it's hard to tell what's responsible for producing emotion. What's responsible for the light-headed feeling? Is it the Molson, or the boy who's running his fingers through the ends of your hair? Are you chatty because you're drunk, or because you're connecting with someone on a level that you have never before experienced?
Sue Monk Kidd, The Secret Life of Bees|August: You know, somethings don't matter that much...like the color of a house...But lifting a person's heart--now that matters. The whole problem with people--"Lily: They don't know what matters and what doesn't...August:...They know what matters, but they don't choose it...The hardest thing on earth is to choose what matters.
Genichiro Takahashi, Sayonara, Gangsters|No riddles while we're in bed, okay?" Song Book whispers as she reaches over and wraps her hands around mine. I couldn't agree more.As far as I'm concerned, beds are meant for making love, for falling asleep in while holding hands, or for flipping over to serve as a barricade, and nothing else.
Gilbert Sorrentino, Mulligan Stew|…and to all you other cats and chicks out there, sweet or otherwise, buried deep in wordy tombs, who never yet have walked from off the page, a shake and a hug and a kiss and a drink. Cheers!
Théophile Gautier, Émaux et Camées|For Art alone is great:The bust survives the state, The crown the potentate.
Kevin Durant|There's something unsettling about the education of a child who comfortably enumerates the rules for surviving zombie apocalypse but finds it uncomfortable to enumerate the rules of his grandparents' faith, if he knows them.
Klaus Schwab|I'm lucky to be part of a team who help to make me look good, and they deserve as much of the credit for my success as I do for the hard work we have all put in on the training ground.
Sunday Adelaja|My concern is not the fact that other people don’t understand where I am coming from, even though Christians are supposed to be doing what I am doing
Debasish Mridha|Life is a drama of love, hopes, dreams, desires, and fears. To enjoy it, be bold to overcome fear.
Thisuri Wanniarachchi|Life is at its best when everything has fallen out of place, and you decide that you're going to fight to get them right, not when everything is going your way and everyone is praising you.
Stevenson Willis, Thes Proverbs of Leadership|If you seek honor and respect you will not find it, for a leader is powerless to elevate himself. It is only when you serve others without regard for self, will honor, respect and lasting success be found.
Ann Landers|I'm not done with love, but I refuse to settle. I am a hopeless romantic. And I won't stop till I get it right.
Eric Metaxas|I never think of him as a scholar assaulting me with how much he knows, but as a teacher eager to share a lifelong passion for the subject.
Georges Simenon|I would like to carve my novel in a piece of wood. My characters—I would like to have them heavier, more three-dimensional ... My characters have a profession, have characteristics; you know their age, their family situation, and everything. But I try to make each one of those characters heavy, like a statue, and to be the brother of everybody in the world.
Jenny B. Jones, There You'll Find Me|Does your love reach this far, God? And if it extends to heaven and beyond… why can’t it seem to find me?
A.E. Samaan|In North Korea, journalism, the job of telling the stories power and money do not want told, of giving a voice to the voiceless, does not exist.
Albert Einstein|The more a man is imbued with the ordered regularity of all events the firmer becomes his conviction that there is no room left by the side of this ordered regularity for causes of a different nature. For him neither the rule of human nor the rule of divine will exist as an independent cause of natural events. To be sure, the doctrine of a personal God interfering with the natural events could never be refuted, in the real sense, by science, for this doctrine can always take refuge in those domains in which scientific knowledge has not yet been able to set foot. But I am persuaded that such behavior on the part of the representatives of religion would not only be unworthy but also fatal. For a doctrine which is able to maintain itself not in clear light but only in the dark, will of necessity lose its effect on mankind, with incalculable harm to human progress.- Science and Religion (1941)
|Don't allow the evil ways of the world to turn you evil, because an evil mind and a peaceful life can never coexist together.
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|I try to stay fit and eat healthily, but I am not anxious to starve myself and become unnaturally thin. I don’t find that look attractive on women and I don’t want to become part of that trend. It’s unhealthy and it puts too much pressure on women in general who are being fed this image of the ideal, which it is not. I think America has become obsessed with dieting rather than focusing on eating well, exercising and living a healthy life. I also think that being ultra-thin is not sexy at all. Women shouldn’t be forced to conform to unrealistic and unhealthy body images that the media promote. I don’t need to be skinny to be sexy.
Shakena Morgan|Sometimes the hardest pieces of a puzzle to assemble, are the ones missing from the box.
Wace, Roman de Brut|Muscle is good, but craft is better
Sana Krasikov|The immediate difficulty, Florence realised while riding the high rail back to Brooklyn, was how to break the news to her parents, even if she could convince them that being a chaperone to six foreign men was a legitimate occupation for a twenty-three-year-old girl. What choice did she have? A paycheck could not win a girl’s independence
Chris Lange, The Lord of the Clans|The colored hobo and now Junior Rabbit had told us, ‘Be ready to compete but be ready to fight too or you may not get a chance to compete’.
Roger Ebert|Writers, that deep dark secret is not something you should hide from the world. It is your gift. Take it from memory and illuminate it in literature,shake the dust from it, unless it will get you arrested, lol.
Lynne McTaggart, The Field: The Quest for the Secret Force of the Universe|Quantum physics findings show that consciousness itself created order - or indeed in some way created the world - this suggested much more capacity in the human being than was currently understood. It also suggested some revolutionary notions about humans in relation to their world and the relation between all living things. What they were asking was how far our bodies extended. Did they end with what we always thought of as our own isolated persona, or ‘extend out’ so that the demarcation between us and our world was less clear-cut? Did living consciousness possess some quantum field like properties, enabling it to extend its influence out into the world? If so, was it possible to do more than simply observe? How strong was our influence? It was only a small step in logic to conclude that in our act of participation as an observer in the quantum world, we might also be an influencer, a creator. Did we not only stop the butterfly at a certain point in its flight, but also influence the path it will take - nudging it in a particular direction?This explains action at a distance, what scientists call non locality. The theory that two subatomic particles once in close proximity seemingly communicate over any distance after they are separated.
Mercedes Lackey, Intrigues|Gossip is never fatal until it is denied. Gossip goes on about every human being alive and about all the dead that are alive enough to be remembered, and yet almost never does any harm until some defender makes a controversy. Gossip's a nasty thing, but it's sickly, and if people of good intentions will let it entirely alone, it will die, ninety-nine times out of a hundred.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|HUG DAY POEM:Wrap me in your hug..make me feel happy!Hold me tight and close..not like a pillow or a teddy!!My heart needs you..for you touched my soul, believe me things shall go fine.Walk me to my Dreams..and take me to divine!!My life is yours forever.. O girl, O girl, O.. O.. girl.. you be mine.Let the hearts embrace..Sugar you be my.. Valentine.Just be mine..O O.. my Valentine!
Carolyn Baker, Collapsing Consciously: Transformative Truths for Turbulent Times|There is no one story that will replace the American dream, but storieslike this one—and there are thousands—can inform the myth or mythswe create for building and preserving the next culture. In order to do so,however, we must recognize that we cannot live without myth, for it is anessential part of our humanity. If we attempt to do so—given the fact thatsomething in us needs myth—wewill only create more myths that echothe American dream—with themes of heroism, greed, entitlement, narcissism,exploitation, exceptionalism, and myriad abuses of power. How we prepare for and navigate collapse will provide the raw materials for the myths we make and will live by in a postindustrial world.
Sherry Thomas, Beguiling the Beauty|...So far I have restrained myself. For how much longer, I do not know.I have never known such happiness, shot through with such misery. Only four days have passed, they tell me. But that is not true. It has been decades since I sawyou last.You will find me a stooped old man when we meet again. Perhaps I might even need a pair of spectacles to recognize your veil.But I remain always,Your servant,C.One of Christian's onesided letters to the Baroness
Junot Diaz|Chris Parnell's a genius, so he'd be amazing on 'Who's Line.'
Chen Shui-bian|I don't think that much change comes from economists. I think it comes more from political realities. Probably the two giants of the 20th century, who actually did shift government policy in the U.S. and around the world, were John Maynard Keynes and Milton Friedman. I don't see anybody in our system who is at that level of influence.
Nat Turner|It would be too frightening for me to consider myself a role model. But I like the idea of not being afraid of letting your imagination rule you, to feel the freedom of expression, to let creativity be your overwhelming drive rather than other things.
Richard Rhodes, A Hole in the World: An American Boyhood|The world is full of terrible suffering, compared to which the small inconveniences of my childhood are as a drop of rain in the sea.
Oliver Markus Malloy, Bad Choices Make Good Stories - Going to New York|Prostitution is not exactly a reputable business over there either, even though the girls actually have to pay taxes on their earnings, and submit to regular health check ups. Even the prostitutes have universal healthcare over there. The benefit of legal prostitution is obvious: tax income for the city, healthier girls, and safety. In Amsterdam, each girl has an alarm button next to her bed that she can press if one of her "customers" tries to rape or hurt her. The police will arrive within minutes and protect the girl from harm.
Georgette Heyer, The Grand Sophy|The referee told me this league has never had a brawl of that magnitude," said Mr. Penderwick after a long, painful silence. "Of course, at the time I was pretending to be a casual passerby and not a father at all.
Gore Vidal, Point to Point Navigation|Beyond all explanations which a good brain can give, why do we choose the worse and not the better, why hate rather than love, why greed and not generosity, why self-centred activity and not open total action? Why be mean when there are soaring mountains and flashing streams? Why jealousy and not love? Why?
Becca Fitzpatrick, Finale|Why did you do this? You could lose your job or worse.” “I wanted to spend some time alone with you. Tomorrow, you might be leaving for good.” He leaned down and pressed his lips to hers. Reluctantly, he pulled away. “You’re worth the risk.
Atal Bihari Vajpayee|The patriotism in Britain comes from us being a leader. On jobs, on tax havens, on workers' rights, on the environment. We can be leading Europe... and it will be to the benefit of every British citizen.
Julia Glass, The Whole World Over|Being a star is depressing.It twinkles but is distant and cold.I'd rather be the moon, Shine in your glory and go around you forever!
Estella M. Chung, Living Artfully: At Home with Marjorie Merriweather Post|Bottoming doesn't make you a submissive any more than standing in my kitchen makes you a cook. By the way, while you’re there, please make me a sandwich.
Wallace Stevens|Poetry is adolescence fermented, and thus preserved.
Nicki Elson, Vibrizzio|That’s all women need men for? Sperm, a paycheck, and free flights?
Chuck Norris|Food plays a large part in our weekend, but on a Friday evening, I'll make us something simple for tea. I might have a wee glass of wine.
Gary Rohrmayer, Next Steps For Leading a Missional Church|Father, help me focus on my strengths and trust others to fill the gaps of my weaknesses”Every leader knows the skills in which they excel. They also are aware of those tasks that they maintain a certain level of competence along with those duties they struggle in accomplishing. In my experience there are "want to’s" and the "have to’s" of leadership. The "want to’s" energize a leader and the "have to’s" zap the leader’s creativity and time. The quicker a leader can find those around them that will fill the gaps of their weaknesses, the more effective they will be in achieving God’s mission.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|Private enterprise can never lead a space frontier. It's not possible because a space frontier is expensive, it has unknown risks and it has unquantified risks.
Chris Lear, Running with the Buffaloes: A Season Inside with Mark Wetmore, Adam Goucher, and the University of Colorado Men's Cross-Country Team|Goucher *never* eats lunch. If he is hungry, he will have a granola bar or another light snack. The guys, especially Reese, kid him that he does not eat enough. He used to eat more. Standing 5'9" to 5'10", he weighs in at just under 140 pounds. At the Olympic Trials in Atlanta in 1996, he weighed 145. After the 5000-meter final, where he finished a disappointing fourteenth, Wetmore told him he was fat. Goucher was livid. When he calmed down he realized Wetmore was right, and he made a conscious effort to lose any excess weight since then. He feels the difference. "My chest was bigger, my arms were bigger. Losing the five pounds has helped me thin out, and it's cut me more. It's made a big difference.
Igor Eliseev, One-Two|Would he as well neglect the perishing person, wouldn’t he help to get up, would he turn away? I think I know the answer is obvious. He was flying so high above each of us that after falling down he got below everybody else. To be precise, he was simply knocked down. And we, none of us, just did nothing. Thus, with everybody’s silent acquiescence, the best of us were eliminated in order to let others decay.
Emma Goldman|But the lack of faith could just as well be a crutch for non-believers, allowing them to live their lives without any concept of accountability and giving them some sort of false confidence. The different is that while Catholicism has an abundance of intellectual underpinnings to support its arguments, anti-Catholicism and atheist have few if any.
Seanan McGuire, Discount Armageddon|Anyone who thinks cryptozoology is the study of the impossible has never really taken a very good look at the so-called "natural world." Once you get past the megamouth sharks, naked mole rats, and spotted hyenas, then the basilisks, dragons, and cuckoos just don't seem that unreasonable. Unpleasant, yes, but unreasonable? Not really.
Jon Stewart, The Daily Show: An Oral History as Told by Jon Stewart, the Correspondents, Staff and Guests|A Party member is expected to have no private emotions and no respites from enthusiasm. He is supposed to live in a continuous frenzy of hatred of foreign enemies and internal traitors, triumph over victories, and self-abasement before the power and wisdom of the Party. The discontents produced by his bare, unsatisfying life are deliberately turned outwards and dissipated by such devices as the Two Minutes Hate, and the speculations which might possibly induce a sceptical or rebellious attitude are killed in advance by his early acquired inner discipline. The first and simplest stage in the discipline, which can be taught even to young children, is called, in Newspeak, CRIMESTOP. CRIMESTOP means the faculty of stopping short, as though by instinct, at the threshold of any dangerous thought. It includes the power of not grasping analogies, of failing to perceive logical errors, of misunderstanding the simplest arguments if they are inimical to Ingsoc, and of being bored or repelled by any train of thought which is capable of leading in a heretical direction. CRIMESTOP, in short, means protective stupidity. But stupidity is not enough. On the contrary, orthodoxy in the full sense demands a control over one’s own mental processes as complete as that of a contortionist over his body.
Kim Ha Campbell, Inner Peace Outer Abundance|If your beliefs are not useful to you, or they are not bringing you peace and abundance, update them!
Ivanka Trump|I really find that with Judaism, it creates an amazing blueprint for family connectivity.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Boy Who Lost Fairyland|From one point my father is dead I need time to get rid of this topic, from other side I will have a big holiday from 3.28.2016 up to the end of the April Vacation. That's awesome, isn't it??I will be a lot of time out of school!
Matshona Dhliwayo|If your soul mate comes with too much baggage, help her unpack it.
Robin Hobb, Golden Fool|I truly wanted to live a life in which I could make my own choices, independent of the 'duties' of my birth and position. It was only when fate granted that to me that I realized the cost of it. I could set aside my responsibilities to others and live my life as I please only when I also severed my ties to them. I could not have it both ways. To be part of a family, or any community, is to have duties and responsibilities, to be bound by the rules of that group.
Jack Kornfield|Family and God - that is what's important. Money, cars, those are things that come and go.
Diane von Furstenberg|Good friends, good books and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
Vivek Pereira, Indians in Pakistan|I would take my beloved Najma to my country so that she would taste secularism and true freedom. How wrong I was! How wrong we all were! Unfortunately, you truly miss what you have had all along and taken for granted (in this case the spirit of secularism and true freedom) only once you actually lose it.
Lawren Leo, Dragonflame: Tap Into Your Reservoir of Power Using Talismans, Manifestation, and Visualization|For Fate/ The willing leads, the unwilling drags along.
Richelle Mead, Blood Promise|I’d said it before and meant it: Alive or undead, the love of my life was a badass.
R.v.m.|If you give your best and fail, you have no reason to be disappointed. If you don't give your best and fail, you have not right to be.
Michael Bassey Johnson, The Infinity Sign|You can’t re-create the first time you promise to love someone or the first time you feel loved by another. You cannot relive the sensation of fear, admiration, self-­consciousness, passion, and desire all mixed into one because it never happens twice. You chase it like the first high for the rest of your life. It doesn’t mean you can’t love another or move on; it just means that the one spontaneous moment, the split second that you took the leap, when your heart was racing and your mind was muddled with What ifs?—that moment—will never happen the same way again. It will never feel as intense as the first time. At least, that’s the way I remember it. That’s why my mother always said we memorialize our past. Everything seems better in a memory.
Neil Peart|You can surrender without a prayer, but never really pray without surrender. You can fight without ever winning, but never ever win without a fight.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you have nothing but compassion, you are still very wealthy; if you have everything but compassion, you are still very poor!
Jacqueline E. Smith, Cemetery Tours|I spread my arms. “In the Rainbow Jungles of Ever there lives what I affectionately call, killer ducks.
Chief Seattle, The Chief Seattle's Speech|My people are few. They resemble the scattering trees of a storm-swept plain...There was a time when our people covered the land as the waves of a wind-ruffled sea cover its shell-paved floor, but that time long since passed away with the greatness of tribes that are now but a mournful memory.
Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog|But as the years passed, Ned's silence grew and grew. It pressed upon his face and his body. It leaked into the house and spread outward into the yard. His silence had weight. It had substance and presence and teeth.
Leigh Bardugo, Ruin and Rising|I was done with hesitation. It wasn't just that we'd run out of options, or that so much was riding on the firebird's power. I'd simply grown ruthless enough or selfish enough to take another creature's life. But I missed the girl who had shown the stag mercy, who had been strong enough to turn away from the lure of power, who had believed in something more. Another casualty of this war.
J. K. Simmons|'Intelligent Life' is kind of a companion piece to 'Safety Not Guaranteed.' Internally, it's a sci-fi romantic thriller.
Alex Morgan|Wonder Woman, she's amazing. I love everything that she represents and everything that she stands for. She's all about love and compassion and truth and justice and equality, and she's a whole lot of woman.
Jonathan Franzen, Purity|She no longer lived in a world of speculation or recall and would take nothing on faith when the facts were but a few clicks away. It drove me nuts. I was sick to death of having as my dinner companions Wikipedia, About.com, IMDb, the Zagat guide, Time out New York, a hundred Tumblrs, the New York Times, and People magazine. Was there not some strange forgotten pleasure in reveling in our ignorance? Would we just be wrong?
Adam Rex, Fat Vampire: A Never Coming of Age Story|Jay lurched in one direction, jerked back, lurched in another, tripped for no reason. He finally made it through a gauntlet of invisible obstacles and crouched behind a water fountain shaped like a hippopotamous throwing up.
Melissa Hale, Morning After|She was wearing a dark-red swimsuit consisting of two small triangles up above and a mere suggestion of something down below. If she took everything off, Dill thought, she would look a lot less naked.
George Combe|But the law of God came from heaven indeed. God wrote it with his finger, it is the fountain of all wisdom, and therefore shall it continue for ever, and never have an end.
Dada Bhagwan|What are dualities? They are what creates the worldly life [sansaar]. And if one attains Liberation [moksha], he will be beyond dualities!
Reza Aslan, Zealot: The Life and Times of Jesus of Nazareth|The choice between James’s vision of a Jewish religion anchored in the Law of Moses and derived from a Jewish nationalist who fought against Rome, and Paul’s vision of a Roman religion that divorced itself from Jewish provincialism and required nothing for salvation save belief in Christ, was not a difficult one for the second and third generations of Jesus’s followers to make.Two thousand years later, the Christ of Paul’s creation has utterly subsumed the Jesus of history. The memory of the revolutionary zealot who walked across Galilee gathering an army of disciples with the goal of establishing the Kingdom of God on earth, the magnetic preacher who defied the authority of the Temple priesthood in Jerusalem, the radical Jewish nationalist who challenged the Roman occupation and lost, has been almost completely lost to history.
Bryant McGill|A mistake made by many people with great convictions is that they will let nothing stand in the way of their views, not even kindness.
Dominic Tomasi|Crystal then read the red sticker out loud, "Dangerous, do not open." We both stared at each other for a moment. I was trying to figure out why a dumb book about power was dangerous
Holly Goldberg Sloan, Counting by 7s|At least it's working out because Cheddar is sort of obsessed with me, or at least very interested, which in the world of felines counts as obsessive behavior.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Are you what is called a lucky man? Well, you are sad every day. Each day has its great grief or its little care. Yesterday you were trembling for the health of one who is dear to you, today you fear for your own; tomorrow it will be an anxiety about money, the next day the slanders of a calumniator, the day after the misfortune of a friend; then the weather, then something broken or lost, then a pleasure for which you are reproached by your conscience or your vertebral column; another time, the course of public affairs. Not to mention heartaches. And so on. One cloud is dissipated, another gathers. Hardly one day in a hundred of unbroken joy and sunshine. And you are of that small number who are lucky! As for other men, stagnant night is upon them.
Friedensreich Hundertwasser|I'm a happy man, because I am successful in what I do, of course; but what makes me most happy is I have people around me that I love and who love me back. This, for me, is the most important thing. Nobody likes to be alone.
Barbara Jordan, We Rise: Speeches by Inspirational Black Women|When I voted, my equality tumbled into the box with my ballot; they disappeared together.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|Well finish your story anyway."Where was I?"The bubonic plague. The bulldozer was stalled by corpses."Oh, yes. Anyway, one sleepless night I stayed up with Father while he worked. It was all we could do to find a live patient to treat. In bed after bed after bed we found dead people.And Father started giggling," Castle continued.He couldn't stop. He walked out into the night with his flashlight. He was still giggling. He was making the flashlight beam dance over all the dead people stacked outside. He put his hand on my head and do you know what that marvelous man said to me?" asked Castle.Nope."'Son,' my father said to me, 'someday this will all be yours.
Mayte Garcia, The Most Beautiful: My Life with Prince|Something I eventually learned: Prince's top girlfriend was always in Minneapolis. When you came to Minneapolis, you were the girl on her way in. When you left Minneapolis, you were the girl on her way out. This would have been a valuable piece of information for me to keep in my own hip pocket.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|Odo said it all her life. 'Only peace brings peace, only just acts bring justice!
Sarah Holman, A Different Kind of Courage|There is a light that can only be found on the other side of darkness, there is a peace that can only be found on the other side of struggle, there is a faith that can only be found on the other side of doubt, and there is a healing that can only be found on the other side of pain.
Kevin James Breaux|If you are not learning, you are not living.
Nenia Campbell, Horrorscape|I want to be your last thought at night, and your first taste at dawn.
George W. Bush|You may call for peace as loudly as you wish, but where there is no brotherhood there can in the end be no peace.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Invincible|This isn't the kind of story where understanding makes you smart, or not understanding makes you dumb.
Auliq Ice|Every day is a new day. No matter what has happened before, whenever you awake, you have the opportunity to start anew. It is one of the wonderful things about life.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|If God were to make a million lovely flowers in your image and plant them in a garden with you among them, I would still know you by your scent and by the feel of your petals and by the crazy way you lean towards my light whenever I draw near.
Rhys Bezzant|If spiritual formation is the purpose of the church, then personal transformation should intentionally be the purpose of the small group ministry. Bible study is great. Fellowship is wonderful. Evangelism is essential. But changing and growing to be more like Christ should be the purpose of the small group ministry.
Stephen Colbert|Is fame without purpose and is fame without talent really where we are now? People used to be famous for what they did. Now, they're just famous.
Lauren Conrad|It is sad that the more 'successful' a neighborhood becomes, the more it gradually takes on a recognizable, common look, as the same banks, drugstore chains and national brands move in.
Dan Piepenbring|#passioninspirecreate, this is my mantra! Passion inspires creativity!
Terrance McAllister|To be given loyalty is to be infused like a gemstone, to be granted the frightful license to destroy not only one's self, but all within one's care.
Rebecca Rash, A Handful of Flowers: a short story collection|First, come to the point where you realize you are alone, completely and utterly alone in the vastness of the universe and all of time.Then realize you are not alone. Look back on your life and see the people who stood by you. There were some. Realize the God of your understanding cares.
C.J. Cherryh, Fortress of Ice|Belief... was its own magic-so long as it was carefully placed, often examined, like a bridge kept in careful repair.
August Wilson|I grew up in rural Dixon, CA, and I've been hunting with my father ever since I was a young boy. He taught me how to hunt and shoot, firearm safety, and have respect for the outdoors.
Elizabeth Brundage, All Things Cease to Appear|Her mother had told her that when she was a girl. Whenever you’re in trouble, just remember you’re your own best friend.
Dixy Gandhi, SHE- Stories of Modern Indian Women|I'm not suffering Trisha, I've never suffered all these years, someone long back taught me by example that its very easy to be content with one's solitude. I've enjoyed mine all these years.
Nargis Fakhri|But as far as being an American and loving this country and getting a chance to travel across it every day and meeting people on the road and folks in the military, I love this country on so many different levels.
Dennis Merritt Jones|[W]e all care deeply about things that seem totally inconsequential to other people. We all carry around with us the flotsam and jetsam of perceived humiliations that actually mean nothing. We are a mass of vulnerabilities, and who knows what will trigger them?
Jen Lancaster|I don't rely on catchphrases or really like sing-along. I just do whatever I feel. Whatever the beat makes me say, I do that and I run with that. It's been working for me, so I'd be cool with that.
Adolf Guggenbühl-Craig, Matrimonio: Vivi o morti|most people live their life as if their justification depends on their sanctification: if I do and become all that I must do and become, God will love me and accept me.
Sunday Adelaja|If you wish to see God; look people in the eye, listen to them, and see how they treat other people.
Vishwanath S J|The first time can always lead to a second chance. But, the second choice can never be the result of the first change.
Dada Bhagwan|If you want liberation [moksha], you will have to be rid of the duality of ‘right-and-wrong’. If you want to attain an auspicious (good) state, then have abhorrence for the ‘wrong’, and attachment for the ‘right’. There is no attachment or abhorrence in the pure state [shuddha].
Anastasia Bolinder|Perfectly written isn't human, exact replicas aren't flawless and thinking you have to achieve them all is futile. Seek to write and create what deeply moves you and only then will the words and work you create feel perfectly flawless.
William Shakespeare, Othello|I had no idea that marriage was only supposed to be between two people who wanted to get between the sheets and make more people. What ever happened to marrying for love— or to get on your partner’s health insurance policy, or for presents? No one was going to buy two people in their thirties a four-slice toaster if we just continued to live in sin.
Fazlur Rahman, Major Themes of the Qur'an|The Qur’ān began by criticizing two closely related aspects of that society: the polytheism or multiplicity of gods which was symptomatic of the segmentation of society, and the gross socioeconomic disparities that equally rested on and perpetuated a pernicious divisiveness of mankind. The two are obverse and converse of the same coin: only God can ensure the essential unity of the human race as His creation, His subjects, and those responsible finally to Him alone. The economic disparities were most persistently criticized, because they were the most difficult to remedy and were at the hear of social discord—although tribal rivalries, with their multiple entanglements of alliance, enmity, and vengeance, were no less serious, and the welding of these tribes into a political unity was an imperative need. Certain abuses of girls, orphans, and women, and the institution of slavery demanded desperate reform.
Jennifer H. Westall, Breaking Matthew|Now I know there are many in our community who are suffering, so I do not say this lightly. But take note of the mindset of the apostles. They rejoiced because they were counted worthy to suffer. Worthy to suffer. Think on that for a moment. Is suffering some kind of badge of honor? Is it something we should consider a blessing?” He paused again. “Maybe it is, in certain circumstances. Now I don’t believe the Scriptures are talking about suffering from the consequences of our sin. But suffering because we refuse to back down from our faith? Now that is an honor, and a blessing. And we should pray for the honor to suffer for the name of Jesus.
Shinya Yamanaka|It is a law woven into the nature of man, attested by history, by science, by literature and art, and by dally experience, that strength of mind and force of character are the supreme rulers of human affairs.
Gena Showalter, Alice in Zombieland|Its Vermeer"Kat turned to the boy who lingered in the doorway. "It's stolen""What can I say?" Hale eased behind her and studied the painting over her shoulder. "I met a very nice man who bet me he had the best security system in Istanbul." His breath was warm on the back of her neck. "He was mistaken.
Wendelin Van Draanen, Flipped|The room fell quiet. And as I read down the list of over one hundred and fifty eight-grade boys, I realized that to me, there had only ever been one boy.
Arthur D Bardswell|We may be pilgrims passing through this world, but let's not be grim-pills in the process!
Richie Norton|Success is a process, not an event.
Abdullah Ahmad Badawi|If you have to fight a crowd of boys, it's best to go for the biggest one. That way you won't have to fight them all. The others will see that you mean business and you will win their respect.
Meg Cabot|I just want to let you know that when I look into my future, I see nothing but you.” That’s what Chaz had whispered in my ear at some point during the wedding last night.Then he’d whispered. “And you’re not even wearing Spanx.
Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum|The ability to live in a stable, safe environment that gives us the opportunity to create, grow and nurture our talents is sadly denied to many in the world today. I am proud to be able to say – as a leader – I can offer this to my people.
James D. Maxon|Writing fiction is not a profession that leaves one well-disposed toward reading fiction. One starts out loving books and stories, and then one becomes jaded and increasingly hard to please. I read less and less fiction these days, finding the buzz and the joy I used to get from fiction in ever stranger works of non-fiction, or poetry.
A. Lee Martinez, In the Company of Ogres|They were a deep emerald green, the exact same color as mine, and they glowed with an intensity I had never witnessed before. A slash of silver crossed each one, the sun's reflection making them sparkle like dancing crystals. The emerald irises appeared to be swirling in circles, creating the illusion that his eyes were never-ending. Flecks of darker emerald clustered around each pupil made my breath catch in my throat. Suddenly, my disheartened mood vanished, almost as if I had never felt sadness before. Something about these eyes held me in place, as if I had found a balance, blanketing me in a cocoon of comfort, free of worries and concerns.
Kathleen Rooney, Lillian Boxfish Takes a Walk|All right, all right," he said, with that gesture I'd come to hate: two open palms facing me and patting the air, as if pushing me away, pushing me down, pushing any tears I might be preparing to cry back into their ducts.
Jonathan Lethem, Chronic City|The world was ersatz and actual, forged and faked, by ourselves and unseen others. Daring to attempt to absolutely sort fake from real was a folly that would call down tigers or hiccups to cure us of our recklessness. The effort was doomed, for it too much pointed past the intimate boundaries of our necessary fictions.
E.M. Bounds, Power Through Prayer|Long, discursive, dry, and inane are the prayers in many pulpits. Without unction or heart, they fall like a killing frost on all the graces of worship. Death-dealing prayers they are. Every vestige of devotion has perished under their breath. The deader they are the longer they grow.
merlin8thomas|Nothing is impossible, you simply just have to believe in it
Antonious Atef|Failure is just success rounded down, my friend!
Ali Smith, Public Library and Other Stories|Everything I am is based on this ugly building on its lonely lawn—lit up during winter darkness; open in the slashing rain—which allowed a girl so poor she didn’t even own a purse to come in twice a day and experience actual magic: traveling through time, making contact with the dead—Dorothy Parker, Stella Gibbons, Charlotte Brontë, Spike Milligan.A library in the middle of a community is a cross be-tween an emergency exit, a life raft and a festival. They are cathedrals of the mind; hospitals of the soul; theme parks of the imagination. On a cold, rainy island, they are the only sheltered public spaces where you are not a consumer, but a citizen, instead. A human with a brain and a heart and a desire to be uplifted, rather than a customer with a credit card and an inchoate “need” for “stuff.” A mall—the shops—are places where your money makes the wealthy wealthier. But a library is where the wealthy’s taxes pay for you to become a little more extraordinary, instead. A satisfying reversal. A balancing of the power.
Mike Mason|And so must learn to love with our mouths and voices, as well as with our eyes, flesh, heart, brains, and with everything we have, right down to our toenails. There is not anything about us that cannot love, and that is not called to love, and that is not destined to be turned, conformed, and reduced to pure love. It ...is the priceless deposit left by the burning away of selfishness.
Thomas Chalmers|And then they half-ran, half-skipped the last eight blocks to her apartment, their bodies connected by their crossed arms. Half a block away, their combined shadow looked like the wings of a single sea bird, wheeling in a bright sky. Two blocks further, and they looked like two boats, alone on an endless ocean. One block from that, and their joined bodies merged into a symbol of infinity.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Bread We Eat in Dreams|Finally, she said: “I’m lonely” — it’s weird but you tell the wolves things, sometimes. You can’t help it, all these old wounds come open and suddenly you’re confessing to a wolf who never says anything back. She said: “I’m lonely,” and they ate her in the street.
Ann Charles, An Ex to Grind in Deadwood|I thought you were makin’ small talk about the weather.”“When have I ever made small talk with you?”“When we first met.”“No, I made small talk with Bessie, your shotgun, until you removed her double barrels from my kisser.”Violet and a typical conversation with Harvey
Felix Klein, Elementary Mathematics from an Advanced Standpoint: Geometry|The integrals which we have obtained are not only general expressions which satisfy the differential equation, they represent in the most distinct manner the natural effect which is the object of the phenomenon... when this condition is fulfilled, the integral is, properly speaking, the equation of the phenomenon; it expresses clearly the character and progress of it, in the same manner as the finite equation of a line or curved surface makes known all the properties of those forms.
Elizabeth George, A Woman's Daily Walk with God|Adam is fading out. It is on account of Darwin and that crowd. I can see that he is not going to last much longer. There's a plenty of signs. He is getting belittled to a germ—a little bit of a speck that you can't see without a microscope powerful enough to raise a gnat to the size of a church.('The Refuge of the Derelicts' collected in Mark Twain and John Sutton Tuckey, The Devil's Race-Track: Mark Twain's Great Dark Writings (1980), 340-41. - 1980)
Neil Gaiman|Reading is important.Books are important.Librarians are important. (Also, libraries are not child-care facilities, but sometimes feral children raise themselves among the stacks.)
Adrian McKinty|If you love dance and you have the gift of teaching, teaching is super amazing and important because my teachers planted that seed in me. As a teacher you understand the difference or the definition of a Baryshnikov or a Gregory Hines, so teaching is really important and very necessary.
Tyrese Gibson|Spaciousness gives rise to clarity. Clarity gives rise to inspired action. Inspired action gives rise to fulfilling manifestation. When watching the motion of the clouds in the sky each day is enough for your delight, the rest just flows in and through your life as effortlessly as those clouds. Just as day follows night, action follows rest. Do not be afraid to lie fallow until inspired action moves you.
Randall Balmer, God in the White House: A History: How Faith Shaped the Presidency from John F. Kennedy to George W. Bush|My reading of American religious history is that religion always functions best from the margins of society and not in the councils of power. Once you identify the faith with a particular candidate or party or with the quest for political influence, ultimately it is the faith that suffers. Compromise may work in politics. It's less appropriate to the realm of faith and belief.
David Spangler|Manifestation is an act of trust. It is the soul pouring itself out into its world, like a fisherman casting a net to gather in the fish he seeks; with each cast properly made, we will bring what we need to us, but first we must hurl ourselves into the depths without knowing just what lies beneath us.
Shannon L. Alder|Decisions of character come from understanding that they are accountable to God only, not to family, spouses, religious leaders, corporations, public opinion or your own ego.
Marcus Aurelius|Thou art not for the earth, nor for the Heaven the world is for thee, thou art not for the world.
Elizabeth Yates, Amos Fortune, Free Man|Always she thought of him as climbing some mountain in his mind, like that great one to the west on which his eyes would dwell so often and from which he seemed to derive something that was even more than strength.
Dolly Parton|When we see animals doing remarkable things, how do we know if we're simply seeing tricks or signs of real intelligence? Are talented animals just obeying commands, or do they have some kind of deeper understanding? One of the biggest challenges for animal researchers is to come up with tests that can distinguish between the two.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|They want to cook you and eat you," she said distatefully, "which is ridiculous. You'd taste terrible.""Thank you, grandmother.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Angel|When I was young, my ambition was to be one of the people who made a difference in this world. My hope is to leave the world a little better for having been there. 
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Focus on your goals, not your fear. Focus like a laser beam on your goals.
American Indian Cherokee Blessing|May you have the hindsight to know where you've been, The foresight to know where you are going, And the insight to knowwhen you have gone too far
Robert Fanney|In the depth a light will grow,A silver shine no shadows know, Like wings unfolding in the sky,That circle 'round a gleaming eye,Turning darkness all away,Even depths will know their day,For every shadow has its end,In light!Life will return again!
Kouhei Kadono, Boogiepop the light novel Vol 2: Boogiepop Returns|The aristocrats had to force them to do their jobs. After all, human beings are not badgers. We aren't molded to stoop.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|From too much liberty, my Lucio, libertyAs surfeit is the father of much fast,So every scope of the immoderate useTurns to restraint. Our natures do pursue, -Like rats that ravin down their proper bane, - A thirsty evil; and when we drink we die.
Michael Pollan, The Botany of Desire: A Plant's-Eye View of the World|I'm more than a few neurons shy of a synapse right now, and it feels absolutely fan-fucking-tastic.
Ellen G. White|I don't really know why I care so much. I just have something inside me that tells me that there is a problem, and I have got to do something about it. I think that is what I would call the God in me.
Dale Carnegie, How to Win Friends and Influence People|I instantly saw something I admired no end. So while he was weighing my envelope, I remarked with enthusiasm: "I certainly wish I had your head of hair." He looked up, half-startled, his face beaming with smiles. "Well, it isn't as good as it used to be," he said modestly. I assured him that although it might have lost some of its pristine glory, nevertheless it was still magnificent. He was immensely pleased. We carried on a pleasant little conversation and the last thing he said to me was: "Many people have admired my hair." I'll bet that person went out to lunch that day walking on air. I'll bet he went home that night and told his wife about it. I'll bet he looked in the mirror and said: "It is a beautiful head of hair." I told this story once in public and a man asked me afterwards: "'What did you want to get out of him?" What was I trying to get out of him!!! What was I trying to get out of him!!! If we are so contemptibly selfish that we can't radiate a little happiness and pass on a bit of honest appreciation without trying to get something out of the other person in return - if our souls are no bigger than sour crab apples, we shall meet with the failure we so richly deserve.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|It is probable that the most inhuman monsters, even the Himmlers and the Mengeles, convince themselves that they are engaged in noble and courageous acts.
Jonathan Anthony Burkett, Friends 2 Lovers: The Unthinkable|You'll may not have all the things you'll want in the world, but the true love that you'll have for each other should be enough for you two to be thankful in life still.
Cheryl Mills|A Health Affairs study comparing patient-satisfaction scores with HCAHPS surveys of almost 100,000 nurses showed that a better nurse work environment was associated with higher scores on every patient-satisfaction survey question.
Megan Keith, Eraser|I’m not about to suck your dick so you’ll make a call for me.”“And I’m not making the call so you’ll suck my dick. So, now that we've cleared that up, can you get on with it?
Bob Proctor|It doesn't matter how you grew up, or what you've struggled with in life - your mind is unscathed by any circumstance you've yet to live and it's phenomenally powerful.
Rivka Galchen, Atmospheric Disturbances|I wonder if I talk like a dead man. My daughter once came home from school very excited about some lecture -this was years ago, before I died, though just right before- and she said her English teacher had talked about what the dead sound like in Dante. This funny thing about Dante's dead, which is that they know the past, and even the future, but they don't know the present. About the present they have all these questions for Dante. And that somehow is what being alive is, to be suspended in the time. She seemed to feel that really meant something. That and also that the dead know themselves better than the living do.
Marieta Maglas|The truth remains itself, even the human minds cannot see it.
Kristen Ashley, Three Wishes|However, at fourteen years old, she didn’t understand that all those terrible troubles the heroines in her books went through in real life
Alfred Adler|Intelligence is the ability to avoid doing work, yet getting the work done.
Sara Shepard|Wisdom of the Ages: "True Nobility" Comes not from thinking one is better than others-it comes from working toward the betterment of all.
Aidan Chambers, This is All: The Pillow Book of Cordelia Kenn|I thought how lovely and how strange a river is. A river is a river, always there, and yet the water flowing through it is never the same water and is never still. It’s always changing and is always on the move. And over time the river itself changes too. It widens and deepens as it rubs and scours, gnaws and kneads, eats and bores its way through the land. Even the greatest rivers- the Nile and the Ganges, the Yangtze and he Mississippi, the Amazon and the great grey-green greasy Limpopo all set about with fever trees-must have been no more than trickles and flickering streams before they grew into mighty rivers.Are people like that? I wondered. Am I like that? Always me, like the river itself, always flowing but always different, like the water flowing in the river, sometimes walking steadily along andante, sometimes surging over rapids furioso, sometimes meandering wit hardly any visible movement tranquilo, lento, ppp pianissimo, sometimes gurgling giacoso with pleasure, sometimes sparkling brillante in the sun, sometimes lacrimoso, sometimes appassionato, sometimes misterioso, sometimes pesante, sometimes legato, sometimes staccato, sometimes sospirando, sometimes vivace, and always, I hope, amoroso.Do I change like a river, widening and deepening, eddying back on myself sometimes, bursting my banks sometimes when there’s too much water, too much life in me, and sometimes dried up from lack of rain? Will the I that is me grow and widen and deepen? Or will I stagnate and become an arid riverbed? Will I allow people to dam me up and confine me to wall so that I flow only where they want? Will I allow them to turn me into a canal to use for they own purposes? Or will I make sure I flow freely, coursing my way through the land and ploughing a valley of my own?
William Donaldson|Somewhere in the distance I hear the bucket clatter to the floor. I plunge the knife into his head, again and again. His arms lash out blindly, getting in the way. Blood mixes with water cascading to the floor. Meathead staggers to his feet, pulling off his shirt, trying to peel away the agony, but his skin comes away with it, leaving a raw, red mess.There’s a shrill alarm and the sound of pounding feet. I hurl the knife through the bars at the window. A blur of dark faces converge in my vision, fists and feet, punching and kicking. Meathead’s mates are yanking me off, trying to hurt me. Screws come rushing and soon they’re everywhere as I’m half-carried, half-dragged along the corridor.	‘Blimey,’ a thought comes from somewhere in all the chaos, ‘I’ve only been out a day and already I’m heading straight back down the chokey!’ The last thing I see, as a screaming Meathead is hurried to the hospital, is my cellmate in the middle of the crowd peering worriedly after me. Course he’s worried! The stinky bastard is wondering where his next bit of scag is coming from!
Karen Marie Moning, Feversong|Things we had, like respect and trust, but also freely expressed desires and accountability to whatever degree it took to make both people happy. It took work, a willingness to fight passionately and fairly--out of bed, not just in it--commitment and honesty. It took waking up and saying each day, "I hold this man sacred and always will. He's my sun, moon, and stars." It took letting the other person in; a thing I'd stopped doing. It took being unafraid to ask for what you wanted, to put yourself on the line, to risk it all for love.
Marguerite Yourcenar, Memoirs of Hadrian|The one great principle of the English law is, to make business for itself. There is no other principle distinctly, certainly, and consistently maintained through all its narrow turnings. Viewed by this light it becomes a coherent scheme, and not the monstrous maze the laity are apt to think it. Let them but once clearly perceive that its grand principle is to make business for itself at their expense, and surely they will cease to grumble.
Hubert Martin|An outline, my body, no mass or feeling, A dark reflection spread from floor to ceiling, The faceless copycat stalks me day after day, A personal eclipse of the sun never going astray, Each movement mine in a world of its own, Whispering shades unseen of a different home, A skewed yet comparable story occurs every day, Removed, though not far, less than halfway, The whiter the glow the blacker the stain, An ethereal cachet remaining midst the acidic rain, A trust and intimacy of a curious nature, I follow, it follows, we follow a stranger.
Kirstin Cronn-Mills, Beautiful Music for Ugly Children|There is a reasonthat the worldis not black and white,for chaosdemands color.
Bill Maher, When You Ride Alone You Ride With Bin Laden: What the Government Should Be Telling Us to Help Fight the War on Terrorism|Saying someone is religious is heard in most of America as a compliment, a reassuring affirmation that someone will be moral, ethical, and after a few glasses of wine, a freak in the bedroom.
Gena Showalter, The One You Want|Did I mention really, really jealous.
Chris J. Collins|Strive for perfection, knowing it will never be achieved.
Cherie Currie|I took my time, running my fingers along the spines of books, stopping to pull a title from the shelf and inspect it. A sense of well-being flowed through me as I circled the ground floor. It was better than meditation or a new pair of shoes- or even chocolate. My life was a disaster, but there were still books. Lots and lots of books. A refuge. A solace. Each one offering the possibility of a new beginning.
J.D. Salinger, Nine Stories|I don't like it when it stings,' he said. 'Nobody does.
Pablo Neruda, Twenty Love Poems and a Song of Despair|So that you will hear memy wordssometimes grow thinas the tracks of the gulls on the beaches.Necklace, drunken bellfor your hands smooth as grapes.And I watch my words from a long way off.They are more yours than mine.They climb on my old suffering like ivy.It climbs the same way on damp walls.You are to blame for this cruel sport.They are fleeing from my dark lair.You fill everything, you fill everything.Before you they peopled the solitude that you occupy,and they are more used to my sadness than you are.Now I want them to say what I want to say to youto make you hear as I want you to hear me.The wind of anguish still hauls on them as usual.Sometimes hurricanes of dreams still knock them over.You listen to other voices in my painful voice.Lament of old mouths, blood of old supplications.Love me, companion. Don't forsake me. Follow me.Follow me, companion, on this wave of anguish.But my words become stained with your love.You occupy everything, you occupy everything.I am making them into an endless necklacefor your white hands, smooth as grapes.
Yayoi Kusama|Mother Nature may be forgiving this year, or next year, but eventually she's going to come around and whack you. You've got to be prepared.
Sigmund Freud|Man, alone, has the power to transform his thoughts into physical reality; man, alone, can dream and make his dreams come true.
Rosie Genova, Murder and Marinara|I pointed, still unable to utter a word. Tim looked down at the spectacle behind the shed, his face swiftly draining of color. He gripped my arm with a clammy hand. And then he did something I'd been waiting half my life to see: he dropped into a dead swoon at my feet.
Alireza Salehi Nejad|There are words, which should leave unspoken, and the true value of a man lies in the words the he has for not saying.
Kristiane Backer, From MTV to Mecca: How Islam Inspired My Life|The discipline gave me a sense of achievement. Not least, fasting is a test of willpower and, whenever I felt my willpower weakening, I would tell myself that I could eat as much as I wanted after sunset. But then the strange thing was that after fasting all day long, I tended to feel full with just a small snack.
Tom Freston|As a direct line to human feeling, empathic experience, genuine language and detail, poetry is everything that headline news is not. It takes us inside situations, helps us imagine life from more than one perspective, honors imagery and metaphor - those great tools of thought - and deepens our confidence in a meaningful world.
Gbenga Akinnagbe|Texting is a lot like an answering machine. If you don't want to talk to somebody, it's like screening your calls. To me, it's a way of communication, but not one that I favor.
Robert M. Hutchins|Football (soccer) is a matter of life and death, except more important.
Charles Bukowski|Understand me. I’m not like an ordinary world. I have my madness, I live in another dimension and I do not have time for things that have no soul.
Caitlin Flanagan|First, I think more Americans need to declare their independence from partisan politics on both sides. The more that Americans declare their independence, the more the parties will have to compete for their votes using reason rather than the hateful appeals.
Jose Rizal|One of the great cosmic laws, I think, is that whatever we hold in our thought will come true in our experience. When we hold something, anything, in our thought, then somehow coincidence leads us in the direction that we've been wishing to lead ourselves.
Jon Kabat-Zinn, Wherever You Go, There You Are: Mindfulness Meditation in Everyday Life|There is really no natural limit to the practice of loving kindness in meditation or in one’s life. It is an ongoing, ever-expanding realization of interconnectedness. It is also its embodiment. When you can love one tree or one flower or one dog or one place, or one person or yourself for one moment, you can find all people, all places, all suffering, all harmony in that one moment. Practicing in this way is not trying to change anything or get anywhere, although it might look like it on the surface. What it is really doing is uncovering what is always present. Love and kindness are here all the time, somewhere, in fact, everywhere. Usually our ability to touch them and be touched by them lies buried below our own fears and hurts, below our greed and our hatreds, below our desperate clinging to the illusion that we are truly separate and alone. (
Osho, Hsin Hsin Ming, the Book of Nothing: Discourses on the Faith Mind of Sosan|Meditation, godliness, enlightenment, nirvana, they all came into being through love, because through love a glimpse was achieved. And when the glimpse was there, daring souls went on an adventure to find the source from where this glimpse comes.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|As the poet said, 'Only God can make a tree,' probably because it's so hard to figure out how to get the bark on.
Lee Iacocca|I don't wilt easily, and a director can't either. He's the captain of the ship and he's got to be in total control. He also has to have respect for the people he's working for. From being an actor and being on a set my whole life, I'm very comfortable there. And I'm not afraid.
Dave Champion|If you think it’s offensive that I call alleged biblical miracles ridiculous, you should ask yourself whether or not it’s ridiculous to insist that Muhammad flew on a winged horse. Or that the earth was hatched from a cosmic egg? Or that Xenu, the dictator of the Galactic Confederacy, brought billions of his people to earth 75 million years ago and killed them using hydrogen bombs? These are all religious beliefs of others, but that doesn't mean calling them ridiculous is an insult - it's an objective fact until proven otherwise.
Albert Camus|Government and culture are two diametrically opposed forces - the one blinds and oppresses, the other uplifts and unites.
Thomas Hood|Peace and rest at length have comeAll the day's long toil is past,And each heart is whispering, 'Home,Home at last.
Cara McKenna, Willing Victim|I've never been scared of the dark, but I'm still terrified of what's in it.
Kristin Hersh, Rat Girl|When you get born your father and mother lost something out of themselves, and they are going to bust a ham trying to get it back, and you are it. They know they can't get it all back but they will get as big a chunk out of you as they can.
C. JoyBell C.|It's definitely difficult being a woman and growing up a girl. When you're graceful, people say you lack personality; when you're serene, people say you're boring; when you're confident, people say you're arrogant; when you're feminine, people say you're too girly; and when you climb trees, people say you're too much of a tomboy! As a woman, you really need to develop a very strong sense of self and the earlier you can do that, the better! You have to be all the things that you are, without allowing other people's ignorance change you! I realized that they don't know what grace is, they can't identify serenity, they have inferiority complexes, they are incapable of being feminine, and they don't know how to climb trees!
Richard Dawson|God comes first - if I don't love him, I can't love anybody, and if I can't love me I can't love nobody.
Craig Groeschel|One cold shower in morning, is a great and unexpected from you.
Toni Sorenson|The word surrender has some shadowy connotations. We think it’s weak to surrender, but sometimes it’s the bravest thing we can possibly do. It means to give our will over to another . . . and when that other is Christ, we are surrendering our pride, our self-reliance, our will to do things our way. We trust Him more than we trust ourselves. The origin of the word surrender did not mean to give up, but to give over. We give our will over to God, let Him do what He will with it, and in the process we lose nothing, but gain much.
Albert Camus, A Happy Death|The world is always satisfied, it turns out, with countenance it can understand. Indolence and cowardice do the rest. Independence is earned by a few words of cheap confidence.
Oscar Wilde|A person always doing his or her best becomes a natural leader, just by example.
Derric Yuh Ndim|we are entitled to a great life – that somehow, somewhere, someone (certainly not us) is responsible for filling our lives with continuous happiness, exciting career options, nurturingfamily time, and blissful personal relationships simply becausewe exist. But the real truth – and the one lesson that all thesuccess principles I have learnt are based on – is that there is onlyone person responsible for the quality of the life you live. Thatperson is you.
Israelmore Ayivor|In your goals to go the extra mile, prepare to pay an extra cost. Excellence is to be exceptional, surpassing, more competent and a step ahead with what is in your hands.
George W. Bush|If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|You know, I sometimes think that we Sort too soon....
Anne Lamott, Help Thanks Wow: The Three Essential Prayers|The Amen is only as good as the attitude. If you are trying to finish up quickly so you can check your cell phone messages, you are missing the chance to spend quiet moments with the giver of life and the eternal, which means you may reap continued feelings of life racing along without you. So as Samuel Beckett admonished us to fail again, and fail better, we try to pray again, and pray better, for slightly longer and with slightly more honesty, breathing more, deeper, and with more attention.
Dag Hammarskjöld, Markings|He is one of those who has had the wilderness for a pillow, and called a star his brother. Alone. But loneliness can be a communion.
Stephen King, Duma Key|Remember that "seeing is believing" puts the cart before the horse. Art is the concrete artifact of faith and expectation, the realization of a world that would otherwise be little more than a veil of pointless consciousness stretched over a gulf of mystery.
Victor F. Weisskopf, The Joy of Insight: Passions of a Physicist|Physics is the ultimate intellectual adventure, the quest to understand the deepest mysteries of our Universe. Physics doesn’t take something fascinating and make it boring. Rather, it helps us see more clearly, adding to the beauty and wonder of the world around us. When I bike to work in the fall, I see beauty in the trees tinged with red, orange and gold. But seeing these trees through the lens of physics reveals even more beauty.
Ambrose Bierce|What can be added to the happiness of a man who is in health, out of debt, and has a clear conscience?
Kay M. Rutherford, The Last Cheater's Waltz Trusting Dog Trusting Self|Deception is a temporary medicine that gives relax for short time, but when the truth gets at even the actual medicine breaks down.
René Girard, Things Hidden Since the Foundation of the World|If I am not touching a life, I am not touching life.
Jack London, White Fang|Only the strong will remain, all the weak will be consumed by fire
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|You can gain self-confidence, with the prayerful life, reading and mediation on the Scripture.
Juliette Lewis|There are a lot of female artists my age around at the moment, but they're all American and blonde and blue-eyed and smiley. I'm totally the opposite of that. I want to show a bit more attitude and I have an opinion.
Sam Harris, Free Will|Man’s life is a line that nature commands him to describe upon the surface of the earth, without his ever being able to swerve from it, even for an instant. He is born without his own consent; his organization does in nowise depend upon himself; his ideas come to him involuntarily; his habits are in the power of those who cause him to contract them; he is unceasingly modified by causes, whether visible or concealed, over which he has no control, which necessarily regulate his mode of existence, give the hue to his way of thinking, and determine his manner of acting. He is good or bad, happy or miserable, wise or foolish, reasonable or irrational, without his will being for any thing in these various states.
Tracey Garvis-Graves, Covet|You’re going to listen to me, and for once you’re going to hear what I say and not read between lines that aren’t there.
Audre Lorde, Sister Outsider: Essays and Speeches|If what we need to dream, to move our spirits most deeply and directly toward and through promise, is discounted as a luxury, then we give up the core -- the fountain -- of our power, our womanness; we give up the future of our worlds. (From "Poetry is Not a Luxury")
Sukant Ratnakar, Open The Windows: To the World around You|Every organisation faces challenges, but few seize to perform, not due to any shortage of funds, technology or knowledge, but due to the fact that people in such organisations do not use their creativity to explore innovative solution for their challenges.
Richard Diaz|Without Freedom or Liberty, creativity can not exist.
Sylvia Plath|Unless you can be yourself, you won't stay with anyone for long.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|Synchronize each breath with the present moment and become intertwined with happiness. Breathing in, we are grateful for the opportunities that are given to us; breathing out, we let go of the depression and anxiety that hold us back.
Joseph Pulitzer|This circus that's advertised to show and furnish a little amusement for us heathens is owned by a woman, one whose pluck catches my sympathy every time.
B.J. Daniels, Lone Rider|If Gage finds out, he's going to have a cow-horns, balls, and all.
Susan Wiggs, The Beekeeper's Ball|This time of year, the purple blooms were busy with life- not just the bees, but butterflies and ladybugs, skippers and emerald-toned beetles, flitting hummingbirds and sapphire dragonflies. The sun-warmed sweet haze of the blossoms filled the air."When I was a kid," said Isabel, "I used to capture butterflies, but I was afraid of the bees. I'm getting over that, though." The bees softly rose and hovered over the flowers, their steady hum oddly soothing. The quiet buzzing was the soundtrack of her girlhood summers. Even now, she could close her eyes and remember her walks with Bubbie, and how they would net a monarch or swallowtail butterfly, studying the creature in a big clear jar before setting it free again. They always set them free.As she watched the activity in the hedge, a memory floated up from the past- Bubbie, gently explaining to Isabel why they needed to open the jar. "No creature should ever be trapped against its will," she used to say. "It will ruin itself, just trying to escape." As a survivor of a concentration camp, Bubbie only ever spoke of the experience in the most oblique of terms.
Shellen Lubin|Nobody adores fertilizer. Nobody devotes their life to fertilizer (unless they own a fertilizer company). But, shit, you need it to grow the crops. The land is arid and dry without it, and trying to grow things is likely to be futile.
Leland Cheuk, The Misadventures of Sulliver Pong|Sure, I told him to fuck himself and yes, I paid for it dearly (ruptured spleen). But after my recovery and given the time to reflect, I have a better understanding of who I am penning this for. Not just for the parole board. Not just for wronged Chinese people, not for racist whites, not for my prison therapy group, not for Manny or Jaynuss, not for Momma, not for my once-again estranged father, not even for Lene (though I hope and, in weaker moments, pray she will read this one day), but for others, like myself. Those who lack foresight. Those often overwhelmed by the present. Those ignorant of and indifferent to the past. Those whose worst qualities come to the surface when tested. Those who are fertile ground for dubious moral judgment. Those who feel, in some mysterious but common sense, unmoored.
Brie Larson|We had very few things. I had a couple pairs of jeans, a couple shirts. And same with my mom and sister. I think my sister had, like, two toys. We were living off of instant noodles.
Jeffrey Fry|People are usually more interested in what is new, rather than what is better.
Richard Yates, Revolutionary Road|if you don’t try at anything, you can’t fail… it takes back bone to lead the life you want
Shane Peacock, Vanishing Girl|No one, absolutely no one, can be trusted.
James Eugeñio|Get specific sooner and reap many rewards. The specific detail or example proves the general conclusion, not the reverse. The more specific you are abut anything the more clear you become, for yourself and in telling others. Thus you reduce the chance of others misunderstanding you. And you become more compelling, credible and memorable.
Nanamoli Thera|The so-called seven colours of the spectrum together go to make up what is known as light — what, in other words, the scientists say is no more than a mere fractional band in the whole range of electro-magnetic waves— the only section of the wave-range which the visual sense can directly grasp. Indeed each colour is experienced as a particular limitation of light: light itself appears to be a particular limitation of the electro- magnetic wave-range. So would the five senses seem to be five specific limitations of the infinite— five exclusive ways of screening off, of shutting out the rest. In fact, the "outer world", as known through the senses, seems to be conditioned by — shall one say our knowledge of it depends on —the limiting and sifting qualities of our five senses. By means of sifting and excluding, form could be said to be created from Chaos and thus our five senses are at the same time five creators and five ways of being partially blind. We live, as it were, in a cathedral with stained windows whose, to us, magnificent colour patterns let in a little of the light which the sun sheds indiscriminately outside. (1947)(Later addition:) But the "sun" would then stand for Chaos in our simile and how would that be wrong?
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Christmas: Soulfully Inspiring You in the Days Leading Up to Christmas and Beyond!|Christmas, so joyfully celebrated within our hearts and within the hearts of countless others.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|One felt that in her renunciation of life she had deliberately abandoned those places in which she might at least have been able to see the man she loved, for others where he had never trod.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|...he had also acquired a peculiar academic quirk. During exams, he knew all the answers but wasn’t able to successfully map his answers to the right questions. So as soon as an exam started, he simply started putting his answers in the order in which he remembered them. Every time he moved to a new class, his parents made the new teachers aware of this snag. The teachers acknowledged it and reassured the parents that they’d match his answers against the appropriate questions.
Albert Einstein|Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.
Nenia Campbell, Bleeds My Desire|We spend much of our lives going about completely blind to reality, and yet we still have the gall to act victimized when it invariably catches up to us.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, N for Nigger: Aphorisms for Grown Children and Childish Grown-ups|I think it is a duty I owe to my profession and to my sex to show that a woman has a right to the practice of her profession and cannot be condemned to abandon it merely because she marries. I cannot conceive how women's colleges, inviting and encouraging women to enter professions can be justly founded or maintained denying such a prin
Georg Simmel|Justice is never given; it is exacted and the struggle must be continuous for freedom is never a final fact, but a continuing evolving process to higher and higher levels of human, social, economic, political and religious relationship.
Sherry Turkle|Human kind is already perfect, Technology is getting stronger but we are getting weaker
Kate  Madison, Spilled Perfume: A Memoir|I have never experienced writers block and I've written every day since June 1972. But I have experienced the need to get up and walk around, eat ice cream, let ideas percolate, forget the story for a time, and then return to the page. Even the muse needs a vacation to rest up before she gives more of herself.
Mark Teixeira|I know a lot of people think I'm dumb. Well, at least I ain't no educated fool.
Josef Pieper, Happiness and Contemplation|The common element in all the special forms of contemplation is the loving, yearning, affirming bent toward that happiness which is the same as God Himself, and which is the aim and purpose of all that happens in the world.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|In my dream, it was the tongue of what is, and anything spoken in it becomes real, because nothing said in that language can be a lie. It is the most basic building brick of everything.
J. Jeffrey Means|It wasn't right. Evil should look evil. It should reek like rotten flesh, not smell like pine cleaner and fabric softener
Grigoris Deoudis|The words we choose to use when we communicate with each other, carry vibrations. The word ‘war’ carries a whole different vibration than the word ‘peace’. The words we use are showing how we think and how we feel. The careful selection of words, helps to elevate our consciousness and resonate in higher frequencies.
Roxanne Snopek, Finding Home|Every now and then, we change our minds. It's our prerogative. The big secret is" - I leaned in conspiratorially - "sometimes, even we don't know why. There are times after we pick a fight where we're as confused as you are. But there's no way we're admitting it." I shrugged a shoulder, "That's why we have boobs."Jake's eyebrows shot up."See, after we've acted crazy, and the guy's wondering what he's doing with us, we use them to mesmerize him, so he forgets that we're crazy." I shot Jake my most seductive smile and leaned the assets in question against his arm. "And by the way, if you look at my cleavage right now, even though I'm the one talking about it, I'll accuse you of not caring about what I saw and of just treating me like an object."Jake swallowed hard, keeping eye contact with me, though I could tell he was fighting his impulse to look down. A mischievous glint flickered through his eyes. "And treating you like an object would be bad?
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Sign of the Four: By Sir Arthur Conan Doyle - Illustrated|My mind rebels at stagnation. Give me problems, give me work, give me the most abstruse cryptogram, or the most intricate analysis, and I am in my own proper atmosphere. I can dispense with artificial stimulants. But I abhor the dull routine of existence. I crave for mental exaltation.
Marc Ostrofsky|We know that a man can read Goethe or Rilke in the evening, that he can play Bach and Schubert, and go to his day's work at Auschwitz in the morning.
Sam Snead|Baseball is almost the only orderly thing in a very unorderly world. If you get three strikes, even the best lawyer in the world can't get you off.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|On Hallows Eve, we witches meetto broil and bubble tasty treatslike goblin thumbs with venom dip,crisp bat wings, and fried fingertips.We bake the loudest cackle crunch,and brew the thickest quagmire punch.Delicious are the rotting flieswhen sprinkled over spider pies.And, my oh my, the ogre brainsall scrambled up with wolf remains!But what I love the most, it’s true,are festered boils mixed in stew.They cook up oh so tenderly.It goes quite well with mugwort tea.So, don’t be shy; the cauldron’s hot.Jump in! We witches eat a lot!
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Perfect majesty that deliberately chose to be born into abject poverty, walk a road of perpetual poverty, and be unjustly executed in the raw nakedness of poverty is utterly ludicrous unless I realize that this is the single and sole way that God can reach me in the suffocating poverty that I myself have created.
Frederick Douglass|Immense wealth, and its lavish expenditure, fill the great house with all that can please the eye, or tempt the taste. Here, appetite, not food, is the great desideratum.
|When you define yourself with your material possessions, you would likely attract those who would do anything humanly possible to come into your life to take advantage of you.
John Steinbeck|What someone’s lies reveal about them (aspirations to being an accomplished writer, fantasies of an exotic history and a cosmopolitan family) are always sadder than the fact of the lies themselves. These inventions illuminate the negative spaces of someone’s self-image, their vanity and insecurities and most childish wishes, as we can infer from warped starlight the presence of a far vaster mass of dark matter.
Elle Lothlorien, Alice in Wonderland|I don’t know what this is for anyway. I mean, let me tell you what I’m never going to say to any human being, ever: ‘I had hunting season off-suit in the pocket, but I've had kicker trouble with that hand often enough to fold it.
Israelmore Ayivor, Become a Better You|To become a better you, don’t keep doing the same things all the time.
Tammy Duckworth|I like Cinderella, I really do. She has a good work ethic. I appreciate a good, hard-working gal. And she likes shoes. The fairy tale is all about the shoe at the end, and I'm a big shoe girl.
Tom Althouse, The Frowny Face Cow|Parenting is a sacred responsibility with the sobering reality, of raising scholars or scars.
Sarvesh Jain, The Journey of 101 Milestones|Learn to say " No" without any regrets
Alan Joshua, The SHIVA Syndrome|She laughed again. "You must go to the movies a lot. This is not Dracula, and the villain isn't Bela Lugosi. They took a good friend away from me, and they know I know. But, at any rate, I did try to find her boyfriend the day after she disappeared. I knew where he lived and I went there. His landlord said he'd left unexpectedly and he didn't know where he'd gone. Lucky for me he wasn't there, I suppose." She took another deep breath and squinted at her watch. "Oh, my Lord. I didn't realize it was that late. I really must be going.
Mahmoud Darwish|As I turned to leave the tent, she said, "Don't worry. Your own mother wouldn't know you."I said, "She never has.
Shunryu Suzuki|I discovered that it is necessary, absolutely necessary, to believe in nothing. That is, we have to believe in something which has no form and no color--something which exists before all forms and colors appear... No matter what god or doctrine you believe in, if you become attached to it, your belief will be based more or less on a self-centered idea.
dee Juusan, Grey is...|For all those who believed me,and for all those who didn't. It can't be easy hearingthings that you shouldn't.
Richey Edwards|I have a very childlike rage, and a very childlike loneliness.
H.E. Davey, Japanese Yoga: The Way of Dynamic Meditation|Emotional baggage,” which is carried over from the past, colors our perceptions. Likewise, past conclusions and beliefs, based on reasoning that may or may not have been accurate, also tint our perception of reality. Retaining our capacity for reason is common sense, but definite conclusions and beliefs keep us from seeing life as it really is at any given moment.Emotional reactions can be unreasonable, and reason can be flawed. It’s difficult to have deep confidence in either one, especially when they’re often at war with each other. But the universal mind exists in the instant, in a moment beyond time, and it sees the universe as it literally is. It’s the universe perceiving itself. It is, moreover, something we can have absolute confidence in, and with that confidence, we can maintain a genuinely positive attitude.
Cyndi Goodgame, Denial|Ames clucked his tongue, “You know, not all of us are so evil minded. You’ve just met the wrong ones.” He meant guys. “You’re all the same.” I should know.“Not all of us,” he said too soft but I heard. “But judgment before proven can eat one up with anger. Sometimes you just have to take a chance. Trust someone.
Kelsey Brickl, Wolves and Urchins: The Early Life of Inspector Javert|I can tell you something remarkable about that time, although it has only just occurred to me now. I never thought about death, like I do now. I never worried about dying. I only ever thought about being alive.
Alicia Keys|I think every revolutionary act is an act of love. Every song that I've written, it is because of my desire to use music as a way to empower and re-humanize people who are living in a dehumanizing setting. The song is in order to better the human condition.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|Let this little book be thy friend, if, owing to fortune or through thine own fault, thou canst not find a dearer companion.
Drew Magary, Someone Could Get Hurt: A Memoir of Twenty-First-Century Parenthood|Many parents have experienced the fact that kids don’t seem to honor their parents the way that previous generations of children did. The question we need to ask is, how did we get to this position? How did this lack of respect infiltrate even the closest family relationships? Most importantly, how can we make sure that it doesn’t ruin our bond with our own teens?
Marlan Rico Lee|If they think they can stop me, I defy them to bring the best they have and I shall roast them over a pit of their own arrogant stupidity."--Maxis
Walidah Imarisha, Octavia's Brood: Science Fiction Stories from Social Justice Movements|We earth men have a talent for ruining big, beautiful things.” – The Martian Chronicles by Ray Bradbury (1950)
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Faust: First Part|Everybody's weird, fundamentally everybody is a snap. Sometimes it's a sexual thing and sometimes it's a different kind of weirdness, but one way or another everybody's nuts.
Karl Ove Knausgård, Min kamp 1|It was a fantastic feeling, but it left me restless because the most important thing in it was the longing, for what was going to be, not for what I did or had done.
Aaron Neville|I woke up one morning with the knowledge that I had a brain tumor. It wasn't so much that I dreamt I had a brain tumor; it was like someone just poured the knowledge into my head. It wasn't like an image; it was just like knowing. It was so weird, which is why I paid attention.
Vandana Agarwal|I love it when people tell me you can’t. For the very moment they say you can’t, they challenge the “I can” that lies deep down within me, and the result is always positive. The I can in me rises up to the challenge and gets the job done.
Tinie Tempah|I love getting dressed up. Being a pop star is the most brilliant job for that. A lot of girls love shopping, but they might see the most amazing outfit and think, 'When am I going to wear that?', so it's my duty to exploit the fact I do have events I can wear these things to.
Buddha|When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|As a citizen of the world, I will not confine myself within the gates of one nation or religion. I will not identify with only one species, sex, class or race; for I am a complete being, and that means that I embrace all of humanity, all of nature, every star and universe within the greater universe as a part of me. If we were all created in the image of God, and his love is unconditional, then why can't we love all living things with the same eyes as God? How can anybody say that one race is more superior than another, when we were all created in God's reflection?
Alec Baldwin|The higher the general average of intelligence, all things else being equal, the less the disposition to be meddlesome, critical, and overbearing.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, We|If you don't leave room for the unexpected to express itself in your life, you close yourself off from the possibility of miracles.
Robert Benchley|Funny is funny. I dare anyone to look at Tim Conway and Harvey Korman doing the dentist sketch, which is more than 40 years old, and not scream with laughter.
Martina Navratilova|I was totally surprised by the spread of the legalization of same-sex marriage. In just my lifetime we have gone from a taboo to even talk about homosexuality, to the sanction by governments of homosexual marriage. Few such large social considerations have ever before been turned over in such a short time.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|My destination is only 50 miles away, all I have is a bike with a broken wheel.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|... they imagine that the life they are obliged to lead is not that for which they are really fitted, and they bring to their regular occupations either a fantastic indifference or a sustained and lofty application, scornful, bitter, and conscientious.
George Orwell, Animal Farm|The animals were happy as they had never conceived it possible to be. Every mouthful of food was an acute positive pleasure, now that it was truly their own food, produced by themselves and for themselves, not doled out to them by a grudging master. With the worthless parasitical human beings gone, there was more for everyone to eat. There was more leisure too, inexperienced though the animals were.
Carlos Ruiz Zafon|Many years ago, Bill Gates said that one day we'd be able to click on the shoes of a character in a TV show and buy them online. Whether that happens or not, are you thinking about new ways to combine your assets in programming, customer knowledge, and technology?
David Amerland, The Tribe That Discovered Trust: How Trust Is Created Lost and Regained in Commercial Interactions|Despite the fact that logic tells us that we should not trust anyone, in any situation where the unknown variables are too many or the risks too high, we nevertheless go ahead and take what can only be called a leap of faith.
Kate McGahan, JACK McAFGHAN: Reflections on Life with My Master|We need to go first because we cannot live without your love and care. If we lived longer than you, we would not and could not survive. It’s supposed to be this way. We also need to cross the Rainbow Bridge before you do so that we can be on the other side to greet you when you get there. We wait at home for you here and we wait at Home for you there. It’s just the way it is.
Heather Burch, Halflings|Raven scowled through his too-long bangs. “The Angel Song doesn’t hurt humans. It only affects the evil within.” “Then you should be writhing on the ground with the hounds,” Mace mumbled.
Jan Chipchase|If I'm doing a show on Sunday at 7 P.M., that wouldn't be the same show that I'd do at 11 P.M. on a Saturday - it's a different room at a different time of day with different sensibilities. That doesn't mean you have to compromise your art, but it is communication: you have to know how to talk to people.
Barry Commoner|I've always been a strong supporter of environmental protection and initiatives in that area. But I'm willing to set priorities. If we have to make reductions in one place, we'll have to-in order to increase another place, I'm willing to do that.
Hugh Laurie, The Gun Seller|The Bear had once confided to me that Durrell's ego could fit snugly in the basilica of St. Peter's in Rome but in very few other public places. This runaway megalomania marked him as a blood member of the fraternity of generals. If looks alone could make generals, Durrell would have been a cinch. He was built lean and slim and dark, like a Doberman. A man of breeding and refrigerated intelligence, he ordered his life like a table of logarithms.
Hugo Hamilton, The Sailor in the Wardrobe|People say you're born innocent, but it's not true. You inherit all kinds of things that you can do nothing about. You inherit your identity, your history, like a birthmark that you can't wash off. ... We are born with our heads turned back, but my mother says we have to face into the future now. You have to earn your own innocence, she says. You have to grow up and become innocent.
Terence McKenna|The only way to retrieve a secret,once known, is to replace it with a lie.
Donavan Nelson Butler, Master Sergeant US Army|Playing safe, hiding among the masses, will rarely get you noticed.
Michael Hayden|I grew up here, and it's always been a very diverse community. So for people to come out and say that there's some long-standing anger or there's a history of racial tension is absolutely ridiculous. There's not a black-white divide in Ferguson.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|Smartass Disciple: Master, can you trust this bank to keep your money safe?Master of Stupidity: Well, I can put a bit less distrust on this bank than others.
Jacqueline Francis - The Journal|I could just felt the twinge of resentment with her being there, where my mother was supposed to be. What right did she have, to replace that place?
Ruth Park|What has being a girl to do with anything if a person in properly qualified?' ... 'It's what you call prejudice,' she said.
Neil Postman, Amusing Ourselves to Death: Public Discourse in the Age of Show Business|You sounded like Dolly parton on helium."(After kristy lee cook of season 7 on american idol,sang her country rendition of the Beatles'"Eight Days A Week.)
Saurabh Gupta Earth5R|The only way to achieve greatness is by unleashing the power of mind, and the only way to unleash the power of mind is by questioning what seems to be unquestionable!
Pearl Zhu, 100 Creativity Ingredients: Everyone’s Playbook to Unlock Creativity|Abbey relaxed, grateful not only that someone had thought to throw a party for her, but that she had been able to escape attending.
Debasish Mridha|Nothing is impossible, nothing is risky, when you take the action with love, something better will happen.
DAVID D HAMMONS|The sound of the gunshot in that narrow tunnel was like being inside a thunderbolt. I held my eyes closed, my fingers still clinging to the barrel."Ow!" the Mad Hatter shouted a distance ahead. "That thing is loud!"I opened my eyes. Nine of Spades lay in front of me. He didn't move."Heh. You've got quite a roar, little lion. I've never seen a lion's roar do that, but I've never seen an elephant fit in a tin can either.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|O, thou art fairer than the evening air     Clad in the beauty of a thousand stars;     Brighter art thou than flaming Jupiter     When he appear'd to hapless Semele;     More lovely than the monarch of the sky     In wanton Arethusa's azur'd armsExcerpt From: Christopher Marlowe. “The Tragical History of Doctor Faustus
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|When you open your mind, you let happiness in.
Laura Miller, The Magician's Book: A Skeptic's Adventures in Narnia|If you've ever read one of those articles that asks notable people to list their favorite books, you may have been impressed or daunted to see them pick Proust or Thomas Mann or James Joyce. You might even feel sheepish about the fact that you reread Pride and Prejudice or The Lord of the Rings, or The Catcher in the Rye or Gone With the Wind every couple of years with some much pleasure. Perhaps, like me, you're even a little suspicious of their claims, because we all know that the books we've loved best are seldom the ones we esteem the most highly - or the ones we'd most like other people to think we read over and over again.
Eugene Kennedy|Your wedding is your red carpet moment, and while brides definitely can take some chances with style, you don't want to look like a fad.
Waylon H. Lewis, Things I Would Like To Do With You|What I want???I just want silence I can afford it, it doesn't need to pay for it or does it?
Clifford D. Simak, Time Is the Simplest Thing|But, for myself, the Earth’s records had taught me to look for widest ruin as the price of highest civilization.
Erin Bow, Plain Kate|Kate faced the crowd. They were just eyes and teeth to her, just spit and voices. It was a moment, even, before they became people: a man with one blind eye, another whose neck was thick with lumps and weeping wounds of scrofula. The poorest of the market.At Kate's feet, Drina. Her scarf and shirt were torn open.
Kayla Krantz, Dead by Morning|Suddenly, she heard a loud bang, a thump and a scream that caused her to jump from the bed. The hair on the back of her neck stood straight up and her body became one big goosebump.
Napoléon Bonaparte|Show me a family of readers, and I will show you the people who move the world.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|Writing a story or a novel is one way of discovering sequence in experience, of stumbling upon cause and effect in the happenings of a writer's own life. This has been the case with me. Connections slowly emerge. Like distant landmarks you are approaching, cause and effect begin to align themselves, draw closer together. Experiences too indefinite of outline in themselves to be recognized for themselves connect and are identified as a larger shape. And suddenly a light is thrown back, as when your train makes a curve, showing that there has been a mountain of meaning rising behind you on the way you've come, is rising there still, proven now through retrospect. Writing fiction has developed in me an abiding respect for the unknown in a human lifetime and a sense of where to look for the threads, how to follow, how to connect, find in the thick of the tangle what clear line persists. The strands are all there: to the memory nothing is ever lost.
Rachel Higginson, Fearless Magic|I believed I would never trust another person for as long as I lived. Yet, I couldn't help but trust him; the decision was made before I even realized what was happening. He forced my soul back into innocent belief, not by empty words or false promises but by consistent action that never failed. He was safe.
Bill Murray|I'm suspicious of people who don't like dogs, but I trust a dog when it doesn't like a person.
Nicki Minaj|If the abstract rights of man will bear discussion and explanation, those of women, by a parity of reasoning, will not shrink from the same test.
Bristol Palin|I can’t even believe the world we live in. My parents raised me to work hard, not to ever expect any handouts in life – and to treat people with respect.
Ross Macdonald, The Galton Case|Commerce and manufactures can seldom flourish long in any state which does not enjoy a regular administration of justice, in which the people do not feel themselves secure in the possession of their property, in which the faith of contracts is not supported by law, and in which the authority of the state is not supposed to be regularly employed in enforcing the payment of debts from all those who are able to pay. Commerce and manufactures, inshort, can seldom flourish in any state in which there is not a certain degree of confidence in the justice of government.
Stephen Richards, NAPS: Discover The Power Of Night Audio Programs|You can make as many NAPS as you like, but unless they have clean language in the narration then you could well be sabotaging your own dreams!
Lisa Shearin, The Trouble with Demons|But, though I was very much in lust with him, I knew from the start we were nothing like "forever." Maybe because forever is such a scary place.
Audre Lorde|I was going to die, sooner or later, whether or not I had even spoken myself. My silences had not protected me. Your silences will not protect you.... What are the words you do not yet have? What are the tyrannies you swallow day by day and attempt to make your own, until you will sicken and die of them, still in silence? We have been socialized to respect fear more than our own need for language."I began to ask each time: "What's the worst that could happen to me if I tell this truth?" Unlike women in other countries, our breaking silence is unlikely to have us jailed, "disappeared" or run off the road at night. Our speaking out will irritate some people, get us called bitchy or hypersensitive and disrupt some dinner parties. And then our speaking out will permit other women to speak, until laws are changed and lives are saved and the world is altered forever.Next time, ask: What's the worst that will happen? Then push yourself a little further than you dare. Once you start to speak, people will yell at you. They will interrupt you, put you down and suggest it's personal. And the world won't end.And the speaking will get easier and easier. And you will find you have fallen in love with your own vision, which you may never have realized you had. And you will lose some friends and lovers, and realize you don't miss them. And new ones will find you and cherish you. And you will still flirt and paint your nails, dress up and party, because, as I think Emma Goldman said, "If I can't dance, I don't want to be part of your revolution." And at last you'll know with surpassing certainty that only one thing is more frightening than speaking your truth. And that is not speaking.
Mark Twain, The Innocents Abroad|Life is a precious gift, but we realize this only when we are in the end. Change it.
Haruki Murakami|Well, writing novels is incredibly simple: an author sits down…and writes.Granted, most writers I know are a bit strange.Some, downright weird.But then again, you’d have to be.To spend hundreds and hundreds of hours sitting in front of a computer screen staring at lines of information is pretty tedious. More like a computer programmer. And no matter how cool the Matrix made looking at code seem, computer programmers are even weirder than authors.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass: The Original 1855 Edition By: Walt Whitman|I do not snivel that snivel the world over,That months are vacuums and the ground but wallow and filth,That life is a suck and a sell, and nothing remains at the end but threadbare crape and tears.
Elizabeth Wurtzel|When things get unbearable, I wrap myself into a tight ball and shut my eyes. Every muscle in my body is tense. I open my eyes and I'm still where I was when I closed them to escape. Nothing's changed.
Larry McMurtry, Lonesome Dove|She looked out and saw a tall and comely woman beckoning to her. Susannah's first look at Mia in the flesh astounded her, because the chap's mother was *white.* Apparently Odetta-that-was now had a Caucasian side to her personality and how that must frost Detta Walker's racially sensitive butt!
Daniel A. Craig|Why, play we, these games of mere men?
Liane Moriarty, Big Little Lies|She didn’t know that loss was alive in the world, a thief always about to slam you and steal everything you had.
Derek Landy, Playing with Fire|Have you killed anyone?” she asked quickly.“What? Did you miss what I said, about turning murder intoan art form?”“But you haven’t actually killed anyone yet, have you? I readyour file.”He glowered. “Technically, yeah, all right, maybe I haven’t
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|The Piper's playing again, and there's a full orchestra.' There was a long silence as Andrew deciphered the cryptic statement. 'A FULL orchestra?
Sanober  Khan, A Thousand Flamingos|You askif I will write a poemI could,I supposewrite the mostsplendiferousone of allbut notrightnownot whenyour handsare brewingwarmcinnamon teaacross my skinnot when I’mtrying to imaginewhat might happenif you beganfloweringkissesuponmeMy dear,how canI writea poemwhen I’m alreadyinside one?
Chinonye J. Chidolue|Hopelessness is endless, the more you search for it, the more you find it
Flora Rheta Schreiber, Sybil: The Classic True Story of a Woman Possessed by Sixteen Personalities|There are sins much more serious than socio-pathologies which really are mental illnesses, whereas self-righteousness is an illness of the soul.
Alysha Speer, Sharden|And though I was currently living a fairy tale, some part of my soul knew that happiness couldn't last forever. I didn't deserve a happily ever after, and there weren't many other cards to play when that was the truth.
Leonardo da Vinci|Human subtlety will never devise an invention more beautiful, more simple or more direct than does nature because in her inventions nothing is lacking, and nothing is superfluous.
Anne Lamott|My mother is a big believer in being responsible for your own happiness. She always talked about finding joy in small moments and insisted that we stop and take in the beauty of an ordinary day. When I stop the car to make my kids really see a sunset, I hear my mother's voice and smile.
Brandon Sanderson, The Way of Kings|In the end, all men die. How you lived will be far more important to the Almighty than what you accomplished.
Stephanie Garber, Caraval|Scarlett's nana used to say the world of Caraval was Master Legend's playground. No words were spoken that he didn't hear. Not even a whisper could escape his ears, no shadow went unseen by his eyes. No one ever saw Legend---or if they did, they didn't know it was him---but Legend saw all during Caraval.
Janet Beizer|It is precisely, if paradoxically, because reversal is in the service of repetition (so as to ensure, alongside its companion strategies, a dizzying proliferation of citations) that it gains a subversive power rather than remain a mere dependent (and thus conservative) form of social discourse. Reversal plays a double role in this novel (MONSIEUR VENUS), for it is not only a formal strategy bearing on citation, but itself a citation as well; one more cliché mobilized from the fin-de-siecle reserve.
Rachel Maddow|Ridding Iraq of weapons of mass destruction. That was the whole idea, right? That‘s why we went. I am reluctant to let that fact disappear down the memory hole, because if— as the war ends, or at least starts to end— if, at this time, the history of the war is written as us going there to topple the regime of a bad man when that frankly isn‘t why were told that we were going there— Aren‘t we still at risk of making this horrific mistake again? And, aren‘t we letting the people who foisted the WMD idea on us, not many years ago, aren‘t we sort of letting them get away with it?
Immanuel Kant, An Answer to the Question: What Is Enlightenment?|As nature has uncovered from under this hard shell the seed for which she most tenderly cares - the propensity and vocation to free thinking - this gradually works back upon the character of the people, who thereby gradually become capable of managing freedom; finally, it affects the principles of government, which finds it to its advantage to treat men, who are now more than machines, in accordance with their dignity.
Becky Albertalli, Simon vs. the Homo Sapiens Agenda|What's a dementor?"I mean, I can't even. "Nora, you are no longer my sister.""So it's some Harry Potter thing," she says.
Dante Alighieri|Every man needs two women: a quiet home-maker, and a thrilling nymph.
Robert E.  Lee|The march of Providence is so slow and our desires so impatient; the work of progress so immense and our means of aiding it so feeble; the life of humanity is so long, that of the individual so brief, that we often see only the ebb of the advancing wave and are thus discouraged. It is history that teaches us to hope.
Gudjon Bergmann|Interspirituality is not for everyone, but, for those of us who are interested, we have never lived in a better time to explore interspiritual practices. For the first time in history, we have easy access to all of the world’s scriptures and spiritual traditions.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|So what do you want? Does what happens inside show on the outside? There is such a great fire in one’s soul, and yet nobody ever comes to warm themselves there, and passersby see nothing but a little smoke coming from the top of the chimney, and go on their way.
Terry Spear, Jaguar Hunt|The dragons live in the casino?Tee's eyes widened and alarm coursed through her.My God, it's like the Rocky Horror Picture Show.
Walter Wink|The son needs the father to have access to his source, and the father needs the son to have access to the future and the infinite.
Richard Louv, Last Child in the Woods: Saving Our Children from Nature-Deficit Disorder|She was one of those exceptional children who do still spend time outside, in solitude. In her case nature represented beauty - and refuge. "It's so peaceful out there and the air smells so good. I mean, it's polluted, but not as much as the city air. For me, it's completely different there," she said. "It's like you're free when you go out there. It's your own time. Sometimes I go there when I'm mad - and then, just with the peacefulness, I'm better. I can come back home happy, and my mom doesn't even know why."     The she described her special part of the woods.     "I had a place. There was a big waterfall and a creek on one side of it. I'd dug a big hole there, and sometimes I'd take a tent back there, or a blanket, and just lie down in the hole, and look up at the trees and sky. Sometimes I'd fall asleep back there. I just felt free; it was like my place, and I could do what I wanted, with nobody to stop me. I used to go down there almost every day."     The young poet's face flushed. Her voice thickened.     "And then they just cut the woods down. It was like they cut down part of me.
Clive Barker, Sacrament|I am a man, and men are animals who tell stories. This is a gift from God, who spoke our species into being, but left the end of our story untold. That mystery is troubling to us. How could it be otherwise? Without the final part, we think, how are we to make sense of all that went before: which is to say, our lives?So we make stories of our own, in fevered and envious imitation of our Maker, hoping that we'll tell, by chance, what God left untold. And finishing our tale, come to understand why we were born.
Bertrand Russell, The Problems of Philosophy|I have researched aboriginal culture, Mayan hieroglyphics and the corporate culture of a Japanese car manufacturer, and I have written essays on the internal logic of various other societies, but I haven't a clue about my own logic.
Onyi Anyado|An entrepreneur is a leader of excellence, trailblazer and pioneer who constantly brings change to their generation.
Imania Margria|Some people need a super hero to save them, but I am my own super hero. All I need is myself, my strengths and the fiery passions in my heart to overcome the obstacles in my life.
Matthew Tindal, Christianity as Old as the Creation|If he [Thomas Edison] had a needle to find in a haystack, he would not stop to reason where it was most likely to be, but would proceed at once with the feverish diligence of a bee, to examine straw after straw until he found the object of his search. … Just a little theory and calculation would have saved him ninety percent of his labor.
C. S. Lewis|The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Adrienne Rich|We may feel bitterly how little our poems can do in the face of seemingly out of control technological power and seemingly limitless corporate greed, yet it has always been true that poetry can break isolation, show us to ourselves when we are outlawed or made invisible, remind us of beauty where no beauty seems possible, remind us kinship where all is represented as separation.", The Nation, October 7, 1996)
Humphrey Carpenter, J.R.R. Tolkien: A Biography|The synoptic Gospels of the New Testament manuscripts make us aware of Christ's character and gives us a view of the 'son-ship' He modeled which flowed out of that Divine character." ~R. Alan Woods [2013]
Neil Gaiman, The Wake|It's astonishing how much trouble one can get oneself into, if one works at it. And astonishing how much trouble one can get oneself out of, if one simply assumes that everything will, somehow or other, work out for the best." -Destruction
Darren Main, The River of Wisdom: Reflections on Yoga, Meditation, and Mindful Living|People slip spontaneously into moments of concentration all the time—while reading a book, exercising, playing chess, or creating art. A yogi seeks to experience that same level of concentration intentionally in a practice known as dharana—the act of purposefully narrowing the mind’s focus on the breath, the sensations of the body, a mantra, or a prayer bead. This consistent and purposeful focusing of the mind while on the yoga mat or meditation cushion gives the yogi the same level of focus in life, allowing for wild creativity and unfathomable productivity.
Apolo Ohno|I did plenty of jobs that I hated. I was a bank teller and terrible at it. I parked cars, a valet. I answered phones. I somehow avoided being a waiter. I knew I wouldn't be able to keep the order straight. I'm not much of a multi-tasker.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|Live today facing forward—with your back on yesterday, your eyes on tomorrow, and your head and heart in the moment.
Sheri S. Tepper, A Plague of Angels|From a human point of view, out bodily existence is a fairytale. At any rate, to the inhabitants of the human world, 'heaven' and 'the next world' are both nothing but fables.
Peter Agre|I loved almost everything about being a teacher, but I was an unusual teacher.
Friedrich Nietzsche|The arts, sciences, humanities, physical education, languages and maths all have equal and central contributions to make to a student's education.
Kim Gordon, Girl in a Band|I remember how the book talked about the pressure to please and be perfect that every woman falls into and then projects onto her daughter. Nothing is ever good enough. No woman can ever outrun what she has to do. No one can be all things - a mother, a good partner, a lover, as well as a competitor in the workplace.
Rainbow Rowell|I don't like the way recording to digital sounds. Most of the time, when I'm recording to two-inch tape, I still have a romantic vision of how songs sounded coming out of the radio when I was younger, and how they sounded coming out of my little four-track cassette player.
Roy T. Bennett|The more you believed in yourself, the more you could trust yourself. The more you trust yourself, the less you compare yourself to others.
Emery Lord, When We Collided|To the deepest, most cellular level of my being, I resent people who believe that depression is the same as weakness, that "sad" people must be coddled like helpless toddlers.
Steve Bivans, Be a Hobbit, Save the Earth: the Guide to Sustainable Shire Living|Not only are the poorest people the most generous but they don't expect anything in return, least of all recognition from others by means of showing off or posting a humble brag like so many from average society do and you can identify these people through the abundance of photos they post, literally with their hands in the air, showing off what they've done for the "less fortunate." I guess they missed the part where God said to be humble and to do good works in private.
Chevy Chase|Let's not call physical comedy falling down and pratfalls. All humor is physical, no matter how you dish it out. It's timing, like a dancer or an athlete would have.
Edith Wharton, The Age of Innocence|It is often attempted to palliate slavery by comparing the state of slaves with our poorer countrymen: if the misery of our poor be caused not by the laws of nature, but by our institutions, great is our sin; but how this bears on slavery, I cannot see; as well might the use of the thumb-screw be defended in one land, by showing that men in another land suffered from some dreadful disease. Those who look tenderly at the slave owner, and with a cold heart at the slave, never seem to put themselves into the position of the latter; what a cheerless prospect, with not even a hope of change! picture to yourself the chance, ever hanging over you, of your wife and your little children — those objects which nature urges even the slave to call his own — being torn from you and sold like beasts to the first bidder! And these deeds are done and palliated by men, who profess to love their neighbours as themselves, who believe in God, and pray that his Will be done on earth! It makes one's blood boil, yet heart tremble, to think that we Englishmen and our American descendants, with their boastful cry of liberty, have been and are so guilty...
Nikki Rowe|[A]ll these years, I had been telling myself that my feelings for you were a juvenile infatuation; a dream inspired by my secret hope that somewhere there could be a creature who could love me.
Donna Augustine, Jinxed|His eyes slowly moved up my legs. I drank the iced tea in my glass so as not to have to respond. He needed to stop staring at me like he was ready to eat me. What the hell was wrong with him today? He was too smart to get caught by Cupid. But, he was acting awfully interested. The worst part about that was that the more interested he looked, the more my body seemed to respond. Forget him! What the hell was wrong with me? 	My breathing became more erratic. I tugged my hair loose from its pony tail and pulled it over my shoulders, trying to hide how excited certain parts of my body were becoming. It backfired, because he took it as a different type of sign and closed the gap between us. One hand reached up and threaded through my hair as I tilted my face upward. I felt his other palm land on my hip, but it didn't stay there long. Slowly it slid down and then wrapped around until it cupped my ass and pulled me upward into contact with his hips where I could feel just how much he wanted me.
Michael Dorn|Because people have no thoughts to deal in, they deal cards, and try and win one another's money. Idiots!
Lisa Jackson, Ready to Die|No doubt he'd been with Heidi until all hours of the morning. He knew where she stood about sex, condoms, his future, Heidi's ... bringing it up now would only exacerbate an already prickly situation."Nothing good happens after midnight," she reminded him."You're wrong, Mom, and you know it.
Oliver Cromwell|No matter how old we become, we can still call them 'Holy Mother' and 'Father' and put a child-like trust in them.
Ana Rangel, I am You|This is closer to reality, but not exactly so. In the Earth incarnation we have lost sight of whom and what we are. We have got so entangled in the game that we have forgotten where we came from and have started associating our sense of self with the personality. In humanity we have become defined by our physical selves, our bodies, our minds, our emotions. We think we are our thoughts. We do not remember…we do not remember that from the oneness we created this planet and the planes. We are the creators, and our mission is to detach from all the chains we imposed upon ourselves and create a bridge to the infinite self. Journey back to where we started.
Tom Reynolds, Blood, Sweat and Tea|…he wanted to sleep inside her lungs and breathe her blood and be smothered. He wanted her to be a virgin and not a virgin all at once. He wanted to know her. Intimate secrets: Why poetry? Why so sad? Why that grayness in her eyes? Why so alone? Not lonely, just alone - riding her bike across campus or sitting off by herself in the cafeteria - even dancing, she danced alone - and it was the aloneness that filled him with love. He remembered telling her that one evening. How she nodded and looked away. And how, later, when he kissed her, she received the kiss without returning it, her eyes wide open, not afraid, not a virgin’s eyes, just flat and uninvolved.
cG9sYXJhZGl0aWE=|Future is ours, but victory is mine!
Anne Wojcicki|I am not moved by what people say or do concerning my relationship with God. I submit myself to His direct will, which is good and perfect with no evil in it.
M.F. Moonzajer|Not a word had dropped from my lips, or from hers, that could unsettle either of us—and yet the same unacknowledged sense of embarrassment made us shrink alike from meeting one another alone
James Patterson|One had to cram all this stuff into one's mind for the examinations, whether one liked it or not. This coercion had such a deterring effect on me that, after I had passed the final examination, I found the consideration of any scientific problems distasteful to me for an entire year.
Debasish Mridha|When you love nature, it always loves you back with the fragrance of flowers.
Phil Volatile, Crushed Black Velvet|Women fight differently from men. You couldn’t get me to hurt a woman’s breasts for anything. I know how tender my own are when I’m PMSing. Besides, we feed babies with them.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|She walked down the basement steps. She saw an imaginary framed photo seep into the wall - a quiet-smiled secret. No more than a few meters, it was a long walk to the drop sheets and the assortment of paint cans that shielded Max Vandenburg. She removed the sheets closest to the wall until there was a small corridor to look through. The first part of him she saw was his shoulder, and through the slender gap, she slowly, painfully, inched her hand in until it rested there. His clothing was cool. He did not wake.She could feel his breathing and his shoulder moving up and down ever so slightly. For a while, she watched him. Then she sat and leaned back.Sleepy air seemed to have followed her.The scrawled words of practice stood magnificently on the wall by the stairs, jagged and childlike and sweet. They looked on as both the hidden Jew and the girl slept, hand to shoulder.They breathed.German and Jewish lungs.
|Isn't it so awkward that some people wouldn't their inner positive voices, but yet would follow the footsteps of their negative friends who are clueless about their true purpose in life?
Antony Johnston|File under "Hard Truths": the creative muse is fiction. If you sit around waiting for the right moment to create, you will die waiting.
Charles Mackay, Extraordinary Popular Delusions and the Madness of Crowds|The most work he did on [the urinals] was to run a brush once or twice apiece, singing some song as loud as he could in time to the swishing brush; then he'd splash in some Clorox and he'd be through. ... And when the Big Nurse...came in to check McMurphy's cleaning assignment personally, she brought a little compact mirror and she held it under the rim of the bowls. She walked along shaking her head and saying, "Why, this is an outrage... an outrage..." at every bowl. McMurphy sidled right along beside her, winking down his nose and saying in answer, "No; that's a toilet bowl...a TOILET bowl.
Christine Feehan, Dark Possession|I didn't know what to think about first: me seeing Claude naked, Claude seeing me naked, or the whole fact that we were related and naked in the same room.(Sookie Stackhouse, Dead in the Family)
Dennis Lehane|I'm lucky to have a great support system in my friends and some of my family. If you have those people that you trust, go ahead and fall back into them and let them be your hammock and cocoon and let them embrace you.
Soman Chainani, The Last Ever After|Sophie bristled. “About to die with your beloved prince and still thinking about me. My story will go on without you, Agatha. I don’t need you anymore or your pity, like one of your decrepit cats. I’m no longer your Good Deed.”“But I’m still yours,” said Agatha. “Because without your love, I’d never have become who I really am. So even if I die, I’ll always be your Good Deed, Sophie. And no Evil in the world will ever erase that.
Eric Clapton|I have always been resistant to doctrine, and any spirituality I had experienced thus far in my life had been much more abstract and not aligned with any recognized religion. For me, the most trustworthy vehicle for spirituality had always proven to be music. It cannot be manipulated, or politicized, and when it is, that becomes immediately obvious.
John Milton|Being locked up is one thing, but to have no concept of confinement, to be ignorant of its terms and never understand that struggle is useless - that's what hell must be like.
Jen Malone, Wanderlost|Somewhere along the line, the crazy youth hostelers I kept seeing everywhere stopped looking so crazy.
Jeff Lindsay, Darkly Dreaming Dexter|I know paradise has many gates, just as hell does. One has to learn to distinguish between them, or one is lost.
Idries Shah|People in this civilization are starving in the middle of plenty. This is a civilization that is going down, not because it hasn't got the knowledge that would save it, but because nobody will use the knowledge.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, A Sense Of Life|The best place for discovering what a man is is the heart of the desert. Your plane has broken down, and you walk for hours, heading for the little fort at Nutchott. You wait for the mirages of thirst to gape before you. But you arrive and you find an old sergeant who has been isolated for months among the dunes, and he is so happy to be found that he weeps. And you weep, too. In the arching immensity of the night, each tells the story of his life, each offers the other the burden of memories in which the human bond is discovered. Here two men can meet, and they bestow gifts upon each other with the dignity of ambassadors.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|Colors shone with exceptional clarity in the rain. The ground was a deep black, the pine branches a brilliant green, the people wrapped in yellow looking like special spirits that were allowed to wander over the earth on rainy mornings only.
Auliq Ice|Confidence matters a lot than what you want to say, if you are not bold enough.
Brian  McClellan, Promise of Blood|I believed it had been long enough that Kresimir would never return. I believed it was time for change. I thought all of Rozalia’s concerns were foolish, and that Julene was living in the past. I believed we were alone.”“My people have never been alone,” Mihali said. “The others may have left. I did not.
Nektaria Markaki, Το κορίτσι με το ηλιοτρόπιο|«Δεν έχω μάθει να μιλάω με λέξεις. Αν έχω κάτι να σου πω, θα σου το πω με τα μάτια. Γι’ αυτό εκεί να με κοιτάς. Διαφορετικά, δεν θα με ακούσεις ποτέ...»
Abhijit Naskar, Either Civilized or Phobic: A Treatise on Homosexuality|Shallow intellect is worse than ignorance. Ignorance can be treated with knowledge, but shallow intellect, that is illusion of knowledge, is untreatable and quite dangerous to the progress and wellbeing of humanity.
Answers To Prayer|The joy which answers to prayer give, cannot be described; and the impetus which they afford to the spiritual life is exceedingly great.
Stone Sour, Stonesour|You will leave now," said Grdankl the Strong. "Go! Do not be afraid! If you die, it is okay!
Martha Beck|All the evidence, experimental and even a little theoretical, seems to indicate that it is the energy content which is involved in gravitation, and therefore, since matter and antimatter both represent positive energies, gravitation makes no distinction.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|The would-be Sufi needs guidance precisely because books, texts, while telling you what is needed, do not tell you when.
Betty  Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|Oh, magic hour when a child first knows it can read printed words! For quite a while, Francie had been spelling out letters, sounding them and then putting the sounds together to mean a word. But, one day, she looked at a page and the word "mouse" had instantaneous meaning. She looked at the word, and a picture of a gray mouse scampered through her mind. She looked further and when she saw "horse," she heard him pawing the ground and saw the sun glint on his glossy coat. The word "running" hit her suddenly and she breathed hard as though running herself. The barrier between he individual sound of each letter and the whole meaning of the word was removed and the printed word meant a thing at one quick glance. She read a few pages rapidly and almost became ill with excitement. She wanted to shout it out. She could read! She could read!From that time on, the world was hers for the reading. She would never be lonely again, never miss the lack of intimate friends. Books became her friends and there was one for every mood. There was poetry for quiet companionship. There was adventure when she tired of quiet hours. There would be love stories when she came to adolescence and when she wanted to feel a closeness to someone she could read a biography. On that day when she first knew she could read, she made a vow to read one book a day as long as she lived.
Anthony T. Hncks|invalidation is crazy-making, and it is also at the root of gaslighting, where victims' feelings are purposely denied or manipulated in order to make them question their sanity.
Cristina M. Sburlea, In Roman Times: Empires and Madness|Out of every one hundred men, ten shouldn't even be there, eighty are just targets, nine are the real fighters, and we are lucky to have them, for they make the battle. Ah, but the one, one is a warrior, and he will bring the others back.
Ken Hollings, Welcome to Mars: Politics, Pop Culture, and Weird Science in 1950s America|Rocket Fever Grips Nation's Teenagers' cheers on enthusiastic newsreel, reflecting the nation's sudden reversal in attitude following the successful launch of Explorer-I into Earth orbit. Rather than being strange and threatening, outer space looks set to become the next big distraction after Elvis Presley and Davy Crockett hats. 'More and more teenagers are passing up rock and roll for a rocket role,' commentator Michael Fitzmaurice blithely remarks before very probably wishing he hadn't.
Tahereh Mafi, Ignite Me|What does it matter if the world is bright and sunny, when it's dark and silent right where it matters most?
William Godwin|Summer is not obligatory. We can start an infernally hard jigsaw puzzle in June with the knowledge that, if there are enough rainy days, we may just finish it by Labor Day, but if not, there's no harm, no penalty. We may have better things to do.
Paulo Coelho, The Fifth Mountain|The act if living one's own destiny includes a series of stages that are far beyond our understanding, whose objective is always to... make us learn the lessons necessary to fulfill our own destiny.
Fitz-James O'Brien, Terror by Gaslight: More Victorian Tales of Terror|He hoped and feared,' continued Solon, in a low. mournful voice; 'but at times he was very miserable, because he did not think it possible that so much happiness was reserved for him as the love of this beautiful, innocent girl. At night, when he was in bed, and all the world was dreaming, he lay awake looking up at the old books against the walls, thinking how he could bring about the charming of her heart. One night, when he was thinking of this, he suddenly found himself in a beautiful country, where the light did not come from sun or moon or stars, but floated round and over and in everything like the atmosphere. On all sides he heard mysterious melodies sung by strangely musical voices. None of the features of the landscape was definite; yet when he looked on the vague harmonies of colour that melted one into another before his sight he was filled with a sense of inexplicable beauty. On every side of him fluttered radiant bodies, which darted to and fro through the illuminated space. They were not birds, yet they flew like birds; and as each one crossed the path of his vision he felt a strange delight flash through his brain, and straightaway an interior voice seemed to sing beneath the vaulted dome of his temples a verse containing some beautiful thought. Little fairies were all this time dancing and fluttering around him, perching on his head, on his shoulders, or balancing themselves on his fingertips. 'Where am I?' he asked. 'Ah, Solon?' he heard them whisper, in tones that sounded like the distant tinkling of silver bells, "this land is nameless; but those who tread its soil, and breathe its air, and gaze on its floating sparks of light, are poets forevermore.' Having said this, they vanished, and with them the beautiful indefinite land, and the flashing lights, and the illumined air; and the hunchback found himself again in bed, with the moonlight quivering on the floor, and the dusty books on their shelves, grim and mouldy as ever.'("The Wondersmith")
Maria V. Snyder, Power Study|We are searching for the same thing,” Stripey said.“How do you know?” Janco asked.“I read his mind.” The Sitian pointed to Ari. “Yours was too…chaotic. Too many useless thoughts to wade through.”A compliment or an insult? Janco guessed compliment and preened.
Neville Goddard|Question with boldness even the existence of a God; because, if there be one, he must more approve of the homage of reason, than that of blind-folded fear.
Okey Ndibe, Never Look an American in the Eye: A Memoir of Flying Turtles, Colonial Ghosts, and the Making of a Nigerian American|A puppy feels like life and love. Their entire bodies are soft—fur, skin, the pads of their feet new and delicate. They radiate warmth in the way science can explain, but it goes further than that. The heat of affection pours out of their eyes and makes their little butts wiggle like crazy as soon as they see a person—they don’t even care who. They’re love, encapsulated.
Debasish Mridha|Every new friend is a fresh flower with endless beauty, love and joy.
