William Shakespeare, The Phoenix and the Turtle|[Lear] is the universal image of the unwisdom and destructiveness of paternal love at its most ineffectual, implacably persuaded of its own benignity, totally devoid of self-knowledge, and careening onward until it brings down the person it loves best, and its world as well.
Albert Camus, Resistance, Rebellion and Death: Essays|Let us seek the respite where it is—in the very thick of battle. For in my opinion, and this is where I shall close, it is there. Great ideas, it has been said, come into the world as gently as doves. Perhaps then, if we listen attentively, we shall hear, amid the uproar of empires and nations, a faint flutter of wings, the gentle stirring of life and hope. Some will say that this hope lies in a nation; others, in a man. I believe rather that it is awakened, revived, nourished by millions of solitary individuals whose deeds and works every day negate frontiers and the crudest implications of history. As a result, there shines forth fleetingly the ever threatened truth that each and every man, on the foundation of his own suffering and joys, builds for all.
Alisa Hope Wagner, Eve of Awakening|Unlike them, however, her path was not through daring deeds or the study of magic or the use of miraculous powers. She had been gifted with something almost as rare: an open and eager mind. She had the gift of watching and listening, the gift of taking all the hurts and happenings of others' lives and understanding their purpose.
Joshua Homme|I'm kind of over getting told to throw my hands up in the air,So there.
Michael Eric Dyson|There is something terribly morbid in the modern sympathy with pain. One should sympathise with the colour, the beauty, the joy of life. The less said about life's sores the better.
Bria Quinlan, The Catching Kind|[W]hen the pleasure is at the sweetest, death is the nearest (461)[.]
Emmie White, Captive|hThere was something shameful about surviving sorrow. You were corrupted. She was corrupted. She was no good anymore. She was inauthentic, apocryphal. She wanted to be a seeker and to travel further and further. But after sorrow, such traveling is not a climbing but a sinking to a depth leached of light at which you are unfit to endure. And yet you endure there.
Paul F. Kortepeter, Holly Pond Hill: A Child's Book of Easter|Do you know, my darling, how very much God loves you?He loves you so much that He created you and blessed you with this life.He gives you the strength to help you grow; trust in Him and this you will know.He nourishes you with food and drink, but most importantly with the words He speaks.He answers all the questions you ask and never forsakes you; that’s a fact.He comforts you when you cry and heals the pain inside.He banishes all your fear because He holds your life so very dear.He keeps you safe from harm and protects you from those who would do you wrong.He forgives you for the mistakes you make; when you repent, then you find His grace.He is patient, gentle, and kind as He leads you on this path of life.Do you know, my darling, how very much God loves you?He loves you so much that He sent His Son, Jesus Christ, to die for you and save your life.Trust in Him and find true life.
Jardine Libaire, White Fur|The new towns of the 1950s and '60s were nothing less than the spatial translation of alienation and control and in these cities power increasingly could relinquish the old forms of advertising in favor of 'the simple organization of the spectacle of objects of consumption, which will only have consumable value illusory to the extent to which they will first of all have been objects of spectacle' -- to the extent, that is, they have first appeared on the television screen, which henceforth had to be seen as an urbanistic tool in its own right.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, The Dragon: Fifteen Stories|Mermon's tiny black dot eyes managed to widen into larger black dots. "No, no, no, Sir. I was just... curious." "Curiosity is a good thing, like onion soup. But too much onion soup makes you breath smell terrible. and too much curiosity can make your whole body smell terrible, if it causes you to be dead." Veenie nodded carefully; it was a strange threat, but a threat nonetheless.
Moonshine Noire|Maybe I should stop while I'm aheadNay, I swim with sea-demons no sweet summer tuned radioover my sunless desertscapehow does it burn without the sun?
Deborah Moffatt|Then in June Linda got sick. Word went around town that Roger was looking real serious 'cause his wife was 'took ill bad'. So my mother cooked up a big casserole to take up there; they could eat off it for says, she said. 'The poor young couple, with her sick I guess they must have to make do with canned pork and beans. Take this on over there,' she told me.'She can't cook anyways,' I said. 'I told you that.''Nonsense. Every woman can cook, now go on.'I went on up there, carrying the heavy casserole. Even cold it smelled good and if it hand't been for Roger I would have sat down and eaten it on the ways. Waste of good food to take it to 'her', I thought; she'd probably preferred canned beans.I got up to the farm and found the door locked. That was strange, let me tell you. Around here nobody locks the door, even at night or when they're out. You just never know, a farmer or a kid like me might have to come in and use the phone in a hurry, or the bathroom, and everybody knows everybody anyway. But the door was locked. I put the casserole dish down on the front step and sat there on the steps awhile, to see if Roger or Linda came along.Nobody came and the June sun was hot. Roger doesn't have a brook up there, like we do, so I couldn't get wading. I looked around for a hose or something. I walked to the back of the house and decided to climb the apple tree there; that was something to do at least. Up in the apple tree I could see into the windows of the house; they were too high for me to see in from the ground. I was looking into the bedroom. There was Linda, sleeping. In the day! But she was supposed to be sick, so it was all right. Except that then I saw that she wasn't lying in that bed alone. There was another head there, on the pillow beside her. Roger has dark hair and this person didn't. This person was a man with blond hair. I didn't get a good look at his face. I was seeing the side of his head, then the head went over LInda's face and she was covered up by him.
Grayson Perry, Playing to the Gallery|The sound a box of Lego makes is the noise of a child's mind working, looking for the right piece. Shake it, and it's almost creativity in aural form.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Unlike wealth, fame makes it easier for some men and more difficult for some to sleep around.
Jeff W. Horton|The finest SF comes to grips with life's mysteries, with our resentments against our own natures and our limited societies. It does so by asking basic questions in the artful, liberating way that is unique to this form of writing. Echoes of it are found in other forms of fiction - in the novel of ideas, in the historical novel, in the writings of the great philosophers and scientists; but the best SF does this all more searchingly, by taking what is in most people only a moment of wonder and rebellion against the arbitrariness of existence and making of it an art enriched by knowledge and possibility, expressing our deepest human longing to penetrate into the dark heart of the unknown.
Alison Weir, Eleanor of Aquitaine: A Life|Arthur managed to speak to his grandmother [Queen Eleanor of England], demanding that she evacuate the castle with all her possessions and then go peaceably wherever she wished, for he wanted to show nothing but honour to her person. The Queen replied that she would not leave it, but if he behaved as a courtly gentlemen, he would quit this place, for he would find plenty of castles to attack other than the one she was in.
The Gospel According to John|If God would concede me His omnipotence for 24 hours, you would see how many changes I would make in the world. But if He gave me His wisdom too, I would leave things as they are.
Madison  Parker, Sock it to Me, Santa!|Hell, yes. I love you; that’s not going to change. I want this, I want you, and I think . . . Oh hell, here comes the Dawson’s Creek.” He grimaced and I chuckled in spite of the moment.His gaze grew wistful, and he looked so young. “I don’t want to put things off, even though we haven’t been together a really long time. I don’t want to wait—you never know what can . . . Look. I adore you, and I want a home. Again. With you.
Mario Vargas Llosa, In Praise of Reading and Fiction: The Nobel Lecture|Because of literature we can decipher, at least partially, the hieroglyphic that existence tends to be for the great majority of human beings.
Lemony Snicket, The Penultimate Peril|But the three siblings were not born yesterday. Violet was born more than fifteen years before this particular Wednesday, and Klaus was born approximately two years after that, and even Sunny who had just passed out of babyhood, was not born yesterday. Neither were you, unless of course I am wrong, in which case, welcome to the world, little baby, and congratulations on learning to read so early in life.
Annie Murphy Paul|Individuals who frequently read fiction seem to be better able to understand other people, empathize with them and see the world from their perspective.
Sally Green, Half Lost|I suddenly remember being about seven, riding beside him in the car, and asking him how grown-ups found their way to places. After all, I had never seen him pull out a map."I guess we just get used to taking the same turns," he said, but I wasn't satisfied."Then what about the first time you go somewhere?""Well," he said, "we get directions."But what I want to know is who got them the very first time? What if no one's ever been where you're going? "Dad?" I ask, "is it true that you can use stars like a map?""Yeah, if you understand celestial navigation.""Is it hard?" I'm thinking maybe I should learn. A backup plan, for all those times I feel like I'm just wandering in circles."It's pretty jazzy math—you have to measure the altitude of a star, figure out its position using a nautical almanac, figure out what you think the altitude should be and what direction the star should be in based on where you think you are, and compare the altitude you measured with the one you calculated. Then you plot this on a chart, as a line of position. You get several lines of position to cross, and that's where you go." My father takes one look at my face and smiles. "Exactly," he laughs. "Never leave home without your GPS.
Deepak Chopra|Who rules the world?… - It's for sure, ain't you!
Gary Hamel, Leading the Revolution: How to Thrive in Turbulent Times by Making Innovation a Way of Life|... all too often, a successful new business model becomes the business model for companies not creative enough to invent their own.[2002] p.46
Laurell K. Hamilton, Obsidian Butterfly|I couldn't think of anything helpful to say, so I resorted to humor, my shield of last resort. 'Just please tell me they don't have a dog and a picket fence.'He smiled. 'No fence, but a dog, two dogs.''What kind of dogs?' I asked.He smiled and glanced at me, wanting to see my reaction. 'Maltese. Their names are Peeka and Boo.''Oh, shit, Edward, you're joking me.''Donna wants the dogs included in the engagement pictures.'I stared at him, and the look on my face seemed to amuse him. He laughed. 'I'm glad you're here, Anita, because I don't know a single other person who I'd have admitted this to.
Salman Rushdie, Shalimar the Clown|This is what loss was, what death was: an escape into the luminous wave-forms, into the ineffable speed of the light-years and the parsecs, the eternally receding distances of the cosmos.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|The problem with dreams is that they are always futuristic and gives a deceptive impression that there is still enough time to actualize them. The tragedy, however, is that you soon realize that the time you thought you had to fulfill the dreams had melted away before your very eyes.
Mark W. Boyer|The mind of an artist never sleeps, because dreaming is when they do their best work.
William Friedkin|There is no pleasure to me without communication: there is not so much as a sprightly thought comes into my mind that it does not grieve me to have produced alone, and that I have no one to tell it to.
John Steinbeck, The Grapes of Wrath|Muscles aching to work, minds aching to create - this is man.
Fabiola Francisco, Perfectly Imperfect|My happy place, huh? Well, yeah, I guess that's what music is for me.
John Piper, Think: The Life of the Mind and the Love of God|Almost everything a person thinks is a lie, and an assault against the natural soul.
Emma Watson|I had actually been on tour in Japan and I had my own world tour that I was doing. I was used to doing a show for an hour, so I was always learning choreography.
Kathryn Royce-Martin, Prophecy Unravelled: Part 1 of the Prophecy Series|Where magic is the essence of existence and those who wield it, rarely what they seem
Jean-Paul Sartre|It’s the well-behaved children that make the most formidable revolutionaries. They don’t say a word, they don’t hide under the table, they eat only one piece of chocolate at a time. But later on, they make society pay dearly.
Hilary Mantel, Bring Up the Bodies|I was willing to do it. was determined to do it. By the end of the day, that had become my reaction to all of the signs of hard things ahead - a new purposefulness, hardy resolve. Everything I'd encountered so far - the law, my classmates, the great piece of discovery - had left me in deep thrall and I was bent on making sure that continued. I would have the best of it, I decided, whatever the obstacles.
Richard Blumenthal|Basic research is to work at the very edge, the very border of, of knowledge, and move that border forward. You look and look for new secrets, and you don't know where it's going to lead you.
Erik Pevernagie|By assembling in our mind all the consequential facts we have lived through and by reviewing, appraising or sometimes idealizing the numerous key points of the past, authenticity may gradually mutate and actuality decay at last. At that point in time we are to experience a maimed factuality. ("Labyrinth of the mind")
Pyotr Kropotkin|He was a son of the revolutionary movement when he and the revolutionary movement were still pristine. It was a special time for Filipino activists—a time when a hundred flowers bloomed and a thousand thoughts contended in a movement that did not know yet the price of betrayal from within. But flowers wilt and thoughts give way to rancor with the passing of years. And so some may grieve not his passing, while others fall to the ground in tears./FOR HORACIO BOY MORALES, JR. (September 11, 1943 – February 29, 2012)
Gabriel O Gabriels|one should not embrace religion because they are born into it,one should embrace religion because they have faith in it.Gabriel O GabrielsGhana2016
Andrew Smith, Moondust|New Song"For You, ManuelitaInside the HorizonSOMEONE WAS SINGING The voice Is not known WHERE DOES IT COME FROM Among the branches No one is to be seen The moon itself was an ear And one hears no sound However a star unnailed Has fallen into the pond THE HORIZON HAS CLOSED UP And there is no exit
Shannon Hale, Princess Academy|No wolf falters before the bite, so strike.No hawk wavers before the dive, so swing.No sun pauses before the set, just strike.No rain delays before the fall, just swing.
Jindřich Štyrský, Emilie přichází ke mně ve snu|Each day death corrodes what we call living, and life ceaselessly swallows our desire for the void.
Shirley Jackson, Hangsaman|One's desire to be alone, biologists have found, is partially genetic and to some degree measurable. If you have low levels of the pituitary peptide oxytocin--sometimes called the master chemical of sociability-- and high quantities of the hormone vasopressin, which may suppress your need for affection, you tend to require fewer interpersonal relationships.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|If you read a book which does not make you wonder, ponder!
Aerin Lauder|My mom told me to cover up my arms ever since I was little because I was muscular. She wanted me to be feminine, which did not come easy to me. My body was what it was, and I worked it to be a better tennis player.
Walt Whitman|Argue not concerning God,…re-examine all that you have been told at church or school or in any book, dismiss whatever insults your soul…
Derrick A. Bell, Ethical Ambition: Living a Life of Meaning and Worth|We live in a system that espouses merit, equality, and a level playing field, but exalts those with wealth, power, and celebrity, however gained.
Dieter F. Uchtdorf|The Golden Temple, Sikhism's holiest shrine, is in northwestern India near the Pakistani border, and it is a delightful place to contemplate the draw of faith.
George Orwell, 1984|If one is to rule, and to continue ruling, one must be able to dislocate the sense of reality.
John Tyndall|When people pushes you to end, trust God fully because two things are likely to happen. Either He holds when you fall or teaches you how to fly.
Lorraine Hansberry, A Raisin in the Sun|As she grew older, Maddy discovered that she had disappointed almost everyone. An awkward girl with a sullen mouth, a curtain of hair, and a tendency to slouch, she had neither Mae's sweet nature nor sweet face. Her eyes were rather beautiful, but few people ever noticed this, and it was widely believed Maddy was ugly, a troublemaker, too clever for her own good, too stubborn - or too slack - to change.Of course, folk agreed that it was not her fault she was so brown or her sister so pretty, but a smile costs nothing, as the saying goes, and if only the girl had made an effort once in a while, or even showed a little gratitude for all the help and free advice, then maybe she would have settled down.
S. E. Hinton|I wouldn't say I'm stuck in my adolescence, but I think, like a lot of people, I carry my teen years with me. I feel really in touch with those feelings, and how intense and complicated life seems in those years.
Amy Hill Hearth, Having Our Say: The Delany Sisters' First 100 Years|Anyway, they went and built this silly housing project, with us living right across the street from it. Some of the children from the housing project got into trouble. You can't just take people who don't have anything, don't know what they're doing, pack them in a bunch of buildings, and expect it's going to all work out somehow.- Sadie
H.B. Bolton, The Serpent's Ring|One word came to mind: pee-yew. Evan tried to place the odor; it wasn’t a heap of decayed garbage or that of a spoiled fish. Truth be told, he smelled like rotten cheese.
John Burroughs|People challenge my nerd cred all the time. I just show them the photo of me winning my middle-school science fair, wearing my Casio calculator watch and eyeglasses so big they look like they can see the future.
Mae West|I'll try anything once, twice if I like it, three times to make sure.
Jessica Valenti, The Purity Myth: How America's Obsession with Virginity is Hurting Young Women|An individual with genital character, according to Reich, was fully in contact with with his body, his drives, his environment- he possessed “orgastic potency,” the capacity to “surrender to the flow of energy in the orgasm without any inhibition…free of anxiety and unpleasure and unaccompanied by fantasies”; and while genital character alone would not assure enduring contentment, the individual at least would not be blocked or diverted by destructive or irrational emotion or by exaggerated respect for institutions that were not life-enhancing.
Rei Kawakubo|Believers, look up - take courage. The angels are nearer than you think.
Winograd Arie M, Face to Face with Body Dysmorphic Disorder: Psychotherapy and Clinical Insights|Oh, tell me, who first declared, who first proclaimed that man only does nasty things because he does not know his own real interests; and that if he were enlightened, if his eyes were opened to his real normal interests, man would at once cease to do nasty things, would at once become good and noble because, being enlightened and understanding his real advantage, he would see his own advantage in the good and nothing else… . Oh, the babe! Oh, the pure, innocent child!
Craig D. Lounsbrough|True peace cannot be found in a ‘place’. Rather, it is found in a Person who can be with you in any ‘place’.
Seth Shostak|When the States already had nuclear weapons, and the Soviet Union was only building them, we got a significant amount of information through Soviet foreign intelligence channels.
Jo Ann Fore, When a Woman Finds Her Voice: Overcoming Life's Hurts & Using Your Story to Make a Difference|He said that things could be different in Little Rock, if only the right people could find their voice. I wanted to be on of those people.
Mark  Jackman, There's Something About Dying|My mortgage isn’t getting any cheaper and I can’t run that Ferrari on faith alone," Reverend Jones said. "Don’t get me wrong, the Big Man upstairs does what he can but I’ve never once seen him filling up the tank of my car.
Chaitanya Charan Das, Gita for Daily Enrichment|Meditation is defined by not just the mode of thinking, but also the object of thought
Dejan Stojanovic, Serbian Satire and Aphorisms|The name does not deserve the poem, but the poem deserves the name.
Arvind Gupta|In computers, we do all kinds of manual manipulations. We grab and drag icons. We click on and open windows. We pull down a screen. We stretch a screen. We scroll up and down.
Melvin Burgess, Smack|You can do anything you want. You don't believe me. You think, she's out of her head. Yeah, I'm out of my head- on being me. What are you on? On being them. You don't even know. I bet you were never given a chance to know. ....Listen. You can be anything you want to be. Be careful. It's a spell. It's magic. Listen to the words.... You are anything...everyone, anyone. ...You listen to them, teachers, parents, politicians. They're always saying, if you steal you're a thief, if you sleep aroung you're a slut, if you take drugs you're a junkie. They want to get inside your head and control you with their fear. ...Don't play their game. Nothing can touch you; you stay beautiful.
J. Anderson Coats, The Wicked and the Just|Forget vampires,” he laughed dismissively. “Who wants to drink blood for eternity? What we have discovered is far more seductive and a great deal more dangerous…
Richard Davenport-Hines, An English Affair: Sex, Class and Power in the Age of Profumo|Shouldn't it be atheists, believing they are not being watched, who commit virtually all the crimes and fill up all the prisons, while people who believe in an omnipresent god lead spotless lives out of either respect or fear? But this is far from the world we see.
Janae Mitchell, For Always|How could I let this happen? How could I let it get this far? I never thought Malyn would have the same feelin's for me as I did for her. I'm dead, for goodness sakes. It's not like we can live happily ever after. I can't live at all.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Leadership is about taking steps while management is about drawing the map on the steps to take. Managers simply plan, leaders simply execute!
Haruki Murakami, Pinball, 1973|For me, it was a lonely season. Whenever I got home and took off my clothes, I felt as if any second my bones would burst through my skin. Like some unknown force inside me had taken a wrong turn somewhere, and was leading me off in some strange direction to another world
Alfred Bester, The Stars My Destination|If you have the gift of frustration and the deep sense that the world is a mess, thank God for that; not everyone has that gift of vision. It also means that you have a responsibility to lead us in new ways.
William Arrowsmith|Northumberland, thou ladder wherewithal the mounting Bolingbroke ascends my throne.
Robert Henri|The sketch hunter moves through life as he finds it, not passing negligently the things he loves, but stopping to know them, and to note them down in the shorthand of his sketchbook.
Chris Chocola|I moved to MIT from Stanford in 1984 to teach, and became the founding director of MIT's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Lab.
Cory Doctorow, Down and Out in the Magic Kingdom|I think that I was too self-centered to ever develop good skills as a peacemaker. In my younger days, I assumed that it was because I was smarter than everyone else, with no patience for explaining things in short words for mouthbreathers who just didn't get it.
Marcus Aurelius|Death smiles at us all, all a man can do is smile back.
Henrik Ibsen|Baseball is like driving, it's the one who gets home safely that counts.
Poul Anderson|How to write a book? Start writing,continue writing and finish writing.
Studs Terkel|How goddamn foolish it is, the war. They's no war in the worth that's worth fightin' for. I don't care where it is. They can't tell me any different. Money, money is the thing that causes it all. I wouldn't be a bit surprised that the people that start wars and promote 'em are the men that make the money, make the ammunition, make the clothing and so forth. Just think of the poor kids that are starvin' to death in Asia and so forth that could be fed with how much you make one big shell of. ~Alvin "Tommy" Bridges
Amit Kalantri|Remember, crowd doesn't care about common sense.
Carina Chocano, You Play the Girl: On Playboy Bunnies, Stepford Wives, Train Wrecks, & Other Mixed Messages|Additionally, many widows took over family shops or businesses- and, not uncommonly, ran them better than their dead husbands. Y.pestis [black death germ] turns out to have been something of a feminist.
Alexander McCall Smith, Bertie's Guide to Life and Mothers|Wow you've grown!" Yeah, that tends to happen...
Katherine McIntyre, Snatched|Why not surround yourself with things that make you content? After all, there's no place like home.
Abhijit Naskar, What is Mind?|Anyone who suffers from anxiety or depression should remember that an unhappy gut can be the cause of an unhappy mind. Sometimes, the gut has a perfect right to be unhappy, if it is dealing with an undetected food intolerance, for example. We should not always blame depression on the brain or on our life circumstances - there is much more to us than that.
Keith Peters|A little hard work, never hurt anyone.
bell hooks, Feminism is for Everybody: Passionate Politics|Simply put, feminism is a movement to end sexism, sexist exploitation, and oppression. This was a definition of feminism I offered in Feminist Theory: From Margin to Center more than 10 years ago. It was my hope at the time that it would become a common definition everyone would use. I liked this definition because it did not imply that men were the enemy. By naming sexism as the problem it went directly to the heart of the matter. Practically, it is a definition which implies that all sexist thinking and action is the problem, whether those who perpetuate it are female or male, child or adult. It is also broad enough to include an understanding of systemic institutionalized sexism. As a definition it is open-ended. To understand feminism it implies one has to necessarily understand sexism.
Deana J. Driver, The Sailor and the Christmas Trees|He turned one of his death rays into an ice cream maker, except he said I shouldn’t eat too much of it at once.”I nodded slowly. “Right,” I said. “That’s…sweet, I think.
J.E. Gordon, The New Science of Strong Materials or Why You Don't Fall Through the Floor|Stephenson had large wrought-iron boiler plates available and he also had the courage of his calculations... The idea found its best-known expression in the Menai railway bridge opened in 1850. Stephenson's beams, which weighed 1,500 tons each, were built beside the Straits and were floated into position between the towers on rafts across a swirling tide. They were raised rather over a hundred feet up the towers by successive lifts with primitive hydraulic jacks. All this was not done without both apprehension and adventure; they were giants on the earth in those days.
C. V. (Charles Vernon) Boys|Without the time, the world is only a static material; without the sense, the world is only a dead living system
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Do as gas balloons do, while in depression; inhale helium of happiness and fly high.
Kamand Kojouri|Name and form are simply illusions of separation. Love doesn’t make us blind; rather, it erases the illusions so we can see clearly.
Cornelia Funke, Inkheart|Books loved anyone who opened them, they gave you secruity and friendship and didn't ask for anything in return; they never went away, never, not even when you treated them badly. 
John Green, Turtles All the Way Down|This memory was both happy and sad: happy because it was so pleasant, and sad because it made Penelope think about how much she missed Swanburne--the girls, the teachers, Miss Mortimer. Or perhaps it was her own much younger self, that pint-sized person whom she could never be again, whom she missed. It was hard to say.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Then Thalia Grace became their leader and started recruiting even more young women to their cause, which grated on Nico – as if Bianca’s death could be forgotten. As if she could be replaced.
Leo Tolstoy, Resurrection|The position occupied by Toporóff, involving as it did an incongruity of purpose, could only be held by a dull man devoid of moral sensibility. Toporóff possessed both these negative qualities. The incongruity of the position he occupied was this: It was his duty to keep up and to defend, by external measures, not excluding violence, that Church which, by its own declaration, was established by God Himself and could not be shaken by the gates of hell nor by anything human. This divine and immutable God-established institution had to be sustained and defended by a human institution--the Holy Synod, managed by Toporóff and his officials. Toporóff did not see this contradiction, nor did he wish to see it, and he was therefore much concerned lest some Romish priest, some pastor, or some sectarian should destroy that Church which the gates of hell could not conquer.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|All this long human story, most passionate and tragic in the living, was but an unimportant, a seemingly barren and negligible effort, lasting only for a few moments in the life of the galaxy. When it was over, the host of the planetary systems still lived on, with here and there a casualty, and here and there among the stars a new planetary birth, and here and there a fresh disaster.
Anonymousmale1|Women should never chase elevators, buses or men, because there will always be another one!
Muhammad Asad, Islam at the Crossroads|Viruses have no morality, no sense of good and evil, the deserving or the undeserving.... AIDS is not the swift sword with which the Lord punishes the evil practitioners of male homosexuality and intravenous drug use. It is simply an opportunistic virus that does what it has to do to stay alive.
Yani Tseng|I hold the world but as the world, Gratiano; A stage where every man must play a part, And mine is a sad one.
Alin Sav|Leadership: In love with the team, not the spotlights.
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|There you'll find the place I love most in the world. The place where I grew thin from dreaming. My village, rising from the plain. Shaded with trees and leaves like a piggy bank filled with memories. You'll see why a person would want to live there forever. Dawn, morning, mid-day, night: all the same, except for the changes in the air. The air changes the color of things there. And life whirs by as quiet as a murmur...the pure murmuring of life.
Lidia Yuknavitch, Dora: A Headcase|Fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, seventeen, lemme tell you. Those are big years. Everybody always thinks of it as a time of adolescence—just getting through to the real part of your life—but it's more than that. Sometimes your whole life happens in those years, and the rest of your life it's just the same story playing out with different characters. I could die tomorrow and have lived the main ups and downs of life. Pain. Loss. Love. And what you all so fondly refer to as wisdom. Wanna know the difference between adult wisdom and young adult wisdom? You have the ability to look back at your past and interpret it. I have the ability to look at my present and live it with my whole body.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Pray each morning and each night.Talk to God and be polite.Tell Him what you're grateful for.Leave your troubles at His door.Share your wishes, needs, and hopes.Ask God how to bravely cope.Tell Him all you learned today.Say the things you need to say.Beg forgiveness for your sins.Pray to live with Him again.Speak with earnest heart and soul.He will listen. This I know.For prayer is hope put to the test.And hope is faith in what is best.Faith is power to do great things.Thus, prayer is faith's enabling wings.
Mel Gibson|We invest less in our friendships and expect more of friends than any other relationship. We spend days working out where to book for a romantic dinner, weeks wondering how to celebrate a partner or parent's birthday, and seconds forgetting a friend's important anniversary.
Jacqueline Francis - Wanting to Remember, Trying to Forget|I prick my hand as I seize the rose from her. “I’ll think about it.” A small spot of blood forms on my palm and I realize I’ve been bleeding on the inside this whole time, all these years. It was only a matter of time before it showed on the outside.
Sharon Leach, Love It When You Come, Hate It When You Go: Stories|I thought suddenly, what is the meaning of all these things? All these bags and bags I've been packing? We could take everything we have with us. We could take every single thing that every single person in the world has ever had. But not of it would mean anything to me. Because no matter how much I took and no no matter how much I had for the rest of my life, I didn't have him anymore. I could have piled everything from here straight to heaven. None of it was him.
John Connolly|You have to understand that only the very worst end up here: the ones whose anger made them kill, and who felt no sorrow or guilt after the act; those so obsessed with themselves that they turned their backs on the sufferings of others, and left them in pain; those whose greed meant that others starved and died. Such souls belong here, because they would find no peace elsewhere. In this place, they are understood. In this place, their faults have meaning. In this place, they belong.
Lia Davis|His hand came out and captured her by the chin. She froze, finding it hard to breathe as he gently raised her face to meet his gaze.
Jean Ferris, Twice Upon a Marigold|Ceux qui revent eveilles ont conscience de 1000 choses qui echapent a ceux qui ne revent qu'endormis.The one who has day dream are aware of 1000 things that the one who dreams only when he sleeps will never understand.(it sounds better in french, I do what I can with my translation...)
Gwendoline Riley|I said 'I was imagining you as a little boy, and as a teenager, and as an old man.'He said: 'I was looking at you and thinking how young you look, and how old at the same time.
Angela Thirkell, Wild Strawberries|Could I speak to you for a moment, madam?' said Nannie to Agnes.It was at moments of crisis like this that Mary chiefly envied her Aunt Agnes's imperturbable disposition. Most mothers feel a hideous sinking at the heart when these fatal words are pronounced, but Agnes only showed a kindly and inactive interest.In anyone else Mary might have suspected unusual powers of bluff, hiding trembling knees, a feeling of helpless nausea, flashes of light behind the eyes, storm in the brain, and a general desire to say 'Take double your present wages, but don't tell me what it is you want to speak to me about.' But Agnes, placidly confident in the perfection of her own family and the unassailable security of her own existence, was only capable of feeling a mild curiosity and barely capable of showing it.
Wayne Dyer|I'm not questioning Dick Cheney's motives. There's a chance for a conflict of interest. At one point in time, he was opposed to going into Baghdad. Then he was out of office and involved in the defense industry, and then he became for going into Baghdad.
Frédéric Gros, A Philosophy of Walking|In the history of walking, many experts considering him (Wordsworth) the authentic originator of the long expedition. He was the first – at a time (the late eighteenth century) when walking was the lot of the poor, vagabonds and highwaymen, not to mention travelling showmen and pedlars – to conceive of the walk as a poetic act, a communion with Nature, fulfilment of the body, contemplation of the landscape. Christopher Morley wrote of him that he was ‘one of the first to use his legs in the service of philosophy’.
Lemony Snicket, The Austere Academy| Success"If you want a thing bad enoughTo go out and fight for it,Work day and night for it,Give up your time and your peace and your sleep for itIf only desire of itMakes you quite mad enoughNever to tire of it,Makes you hold all other things tawdry and cheap for itIf life seems all empty and useless without itAnd all that you scheme and you dream is about it,If gladly you'll sweat for it,Fret for it,Plan for it,Lose all your terror of God or man for it,If you'll simply go after that thing that you want.With all your capacity,Strength and sagacity,Faith, hope and confidence, stern pertinacity,If neither cold poverty, famished and gaunt,Nor sickness nor painOf body or brainCan turn you away from the thing that you want,If dogged and grim you besiege and beset it,You'll get it!
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|It is still cheating, even if nobody comes.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|The truth." Dumbledore sighed. "It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with great caution.
Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction|Maybe that was why she couldn't cry, she realized, staring dry-eyed at the ceiling. Because what was the point in crying when there was no one there to comfort you? And what was worse, when you couldn't even comfort yourself?
Swami Dhyan Giten|Deep within ourselves, we find the inner being, the inner source of love, which is our true nature. Love is the only reality, because only love works.
Dan Skinner, The Price of Dick|Don't you think it's good to serve your country?' I asked. 'No, I don't,' Mr Peterson said. 'I think it's good to serve your principles. And in the army you don't get to pick and choose your fights according to your conscience. You kill on command. Don't ever surrender your right to make your own moral decisions, kid.
Robin Sloan, Mr. Penumbra's 24-Hour Bookstore|People want things to be real. If you give them an excuse, they'll believe you.
Anthony T. Hincks|Until you begin to write, then you shall know the wonders of the written word.
Penelope Spheeris|People may take a job for more money, but they often leave it for more recognition.
Joe Thorn|Your refusal to forgive one who has sinned against you us a manifestation of hypocrisy - a telltale sign that either you have not experenced God's forgiving grace, or that you take such grace for granted.
Tim Crawshaw|The world put's too much emphasis on what a person does in terms of monetary value and social status as opposed to who they are. If I was to ask you if you would be loved for who you are or what you do (eg. your occupation), I would guess that you would say who you are. Things are the wrong way around unless you follow Jesus.God cares about who we are primarily, not what we do. It is our character and approach to life that he cares about. God wants us to choose him and put him first which ultimately means being a servant to him and others.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|I feel sorry for the person who can't get genuinely excited about his work. Not only will he never be satisfied, but he will never achieve anything worthwhile
Matshona Dhliwayo|Helping yourself is common sense, helping others is virtue, helping yourself and others is enlightenment.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Dream of a Ridiculous Man|The world is full of poetry. ~ The air is living with its spirit; and the waves dance to the music of its melodies, and sparkle in its brightness.
W.C. Fields|If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. No use being a damn fool about it.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|Face your fears by remembering the power of God's cleaning truth. To change the way you are, change the way you think.
Alasdair Gray, Poor Things|Nature gives children great emotional resilience to help them survive the oppressions of being small, but these oppressions still make them into slightly insane adults, either mad to seize all the power they once lacked or (more usually) mad to avoid it.
Geraldine Brooks, March|Fortunate, most fortunate occurrence! — fortunate for the millions of his manacled brethren, yet panting for deliverance from their awful thralldom! — fortunate for the cause of negro emancipation, and of universal liberty! — fortunate for the land of his birth, which he has already done so much to save and bless! — fortunate for a large circle of friends and acquaintances, whose sympathy and affection he has strongly secured by the many sufferings he has endured, by his virtuous traits of character, by his ever-abiding remembrance of those who are in bonds, as being bound with them! — fortunate for the multitudes, in various parts of our republic, whose minds he has enlightened on the subject of slavery, and who have been melted to tears by his pathos, or roused to virtuous indignation by his stirring eloquence against the enslavers of men! — fortunate for himself, as it at once brought him into the field of public usefulness, "gave the world assurance of a MAN," quickened the slumbering energies of his soul, and consecrated him to the great work of breaking the rod of the oppressor, and letting the oppressed go free!
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Daughter|He had had much experience of physicians, and said 'the only way to keep your health is to eat what you don't want, drink what you don't like, and do what you'd druther not'.
Albert Einstien|We're all a genius, but If you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|Honestly, woman, you call yourself our mother?
Swami Dhyan Giten, Presence - Working from Within. The Psychology of Being|Intuition is a trust that if we follow our heart, if we follow our love, joy and truth, the Whole becomes enriched.
Kiefer Sutherland|Even as a little child, I've always had that comedian kind of attitude.
David Levithan, Every Day|Instead of saying that all gender is this or all gender is that, let's recognize that the word gender has scores of meaning built into it. It's an amalgamation of bodies, identities, and life experiences, subconscious urges, sensations, and behaviors, some of which develop organically, and others which are shaped by language and culture. Instead of saying that gender is any one single thing, let's start describing it as a holistic experience.
George Eliot, Adam Bede|In these times of Darkness, I keep dreaming of a better tomorrow, and praying my soul won't be corrupted." These are Gudrun's words and thoughts. She is living in a troubled world, where only the strong can be free.She is a Fantasy character you find on The Art of Isis Sousa & Guests!
Sunil Mittal|There are just some really beautiful people in the world. When you're walking down the street, or you're at a restaurant, someone catches your eye because they have their own look. It goes way beyond what they're wearing - into their mannerisms, the way they smile, or just the way they hold themselves.
David Lynch|I look at the world and I see absurdity all around me. People do strange things constantly, to the point that, for the most part, we manage not to see it.
Diyar Harraz, One Minute to Midnight|The scar she'd left her was so deep that it may take a thousand million years to heal. She couldn't pretend like nothing had happened. She couldn't shut her feelings, like how you shut a window blind; once you did it, all lights from the outside would be swept away from the room. It had taken her years to acknowledge the fact that she was unwanted; a subject of shame for her mother to sink in. And for sure, it would take her more than nine years to forget it all, in one go.
Maxine Hong Kingston, Tripmaster Monkey: His Fake Book|It must be that people who read go on more macrocosmic and microcosmic trips – biblical god trips, the Tibetan Book of the Dead, Ulysses, Finnegan’s Wake trips. Non-readers, what do they get? (They get the munchies.)
Sloane Crosley|One of the great things about the Internet is that you can read what everybody has to say about everything. It is fascinating to me, the critiques about humor by people who have no sense of humor.
Angeline M. Bishop|You may be a serious writer if ….10. your hard drive is littered with random notes and story ideas … but not nearly as littered as your head.9. you keep pen and paper next to your bed. And in the glove compartment. And in your gym bag. Also on the rim of the bathtub.8. a day without Roget’s Thesaurus is a day without sunshine.7. your emotional landscape includes creativity, confidence, elation, frustration, and the occasional neurosis.6. you’ve ever had to clean peanut butter and bread crumbs off your keyboard, because the work was going well, and you didn’t want to stop for lunch.5. grammar and punctuation turn you on.4. your interest in a new acquaintance is directly proportionate to his/her potential as a secondary character.3. you’ve worn the white e, r, s, and t clean off your keyboard.2. the search history on your web browser would raise red flags with the FBI, CIA, DEA, and mental health professionals everywhere.1. you have stories to tell, and you just. Keep. Telling. Them.
Holly Hood, Black Moon|Don’t you want to know what I did?” I could have killed her for all he knew.“Nope.” He motioned me to him. “Could you be anymore chivalrous?” I touched his face. He smiled.“I’d be anything you need me to be. That’s just who I am,” he said, he tilted his head up.
Dragotel Viorica|Many times people are just like a food dish...Some of them look so attractive, so colourful but while you taste them, you sense a bad taste after just one or few spoons...Other  look so unattractive...so uninvitating but while chew it you simply discover amazing flavours...
Malaika Arora Khan|I got a guitar when I was about 14, for a Christmas present, and went from there.
Jonathan Friesen, Aquifer|I belong everywhere and nowhere, and I alone can save two worlds.
W.E.B. Du Bois, The Souls of Black Folk|In the race of life, the Person leading is the Enemy of All those coming Behind.
Kate Forsyth, Bitter Greens|The store of fairy tales, that blue chamber where stories lie waiting to be rediscovered, holds out the promise of just those creative enchantments, not only for its own characters caught in its own plotlines; it offers magical metamorphoses to the one who opens the door, who passes on what was found there, and to those who hear what the storyteller brings. The faculty of wonder, like curiosity can make things happen; it is time for wishful thinking to have its due.
Doug   Cooper, Outside In|It's my diary", she'd explained. "Every mark I've had drawn on my skin connects me to where and who I've been- so I never forget who I am and how I got here."There was humour in the smile she offered him. "And you know what the real beauty of it is?" Hank had shaken his head. "Nobody can take it away.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|A smile is a light that sets your inner self aglow, letting others know you’re home.
Condoleezza Rice|Before the first year, nobody gave it a chance. Now, 36 years later, everybody knows Monday Night Football.
Charles P. Pierce, Idiot America: How Stupidity Became a Virtue in the Land of the Free|Maybe he's up to something, maybe he'ś not really crazy after all. Perhaps he just got fed up acting normal and decided to act crazy instead, and they locked him up because he went too far.
Anita Diamant, Day After Night|[The sound of the wind] was just more proof that the workings of the world were random, that beauty, like suffering, was meaningless, that human life was as pointless as waves on sand.
Adrienne Rich, Tonight No Poetry Will Serve|Tongue on your words to taste you thereCouldn’t   read what youhad never written therePlayed your message overfeeling badPlayed your message over it was all I hadTo tell me what and whereforethis is what it said:I’m tired of you asking me whyI’m tired of words like the chatter of birdsGive me a pass, let me just get by
Andra Brynnoeglein|You never know when one seemingly unrelated event may become the catalyst that sets off a chain of synchronistic events. Though you may not know for sure when something important will happen, you can always be ready to take action.
Stephen Cremen, Battle Scars: My Journey from Obesity to Health and Happiness, Fifteen Years and Counting!|Every day I wake up and re-commit to my health. This is a very important step for me. I let the past be the past. I try not to dwell on the mistakes I've made, because those kinds of thoughts only bring me down. I wake up every day with the thought that this is a new day. That today I am going to eat well, I am going to exercise, and I'm going to focus on being healthy and happy.
Amy Hatvany, It Happens All the Time|No, I thought. No way. I love her too much. I would never do that. And then again, those two words, her voice, exploding inside my head: “Tyler, wait!
Lailah Gifty Akita|With patient hope, we can endure any hardship.
Shirley Hazzard, The Bay of Noon|... although the sufferings of children are the worst, being inextinguishable--children themselves seldom have a proper sense of their own tragedy, discounting and keeping hidden the true horrors of their short lives, humbly imagining real calamity to be some prestigious drama of the grown-up world. [p. 13]
Joel Salatin|Risk it; go for it. Life always gives you another chance, another go at it. It's very important to take enormous risks.
Tom Sharpe, Wilt On High|Do go on,' he said. 'There's nothing I enjoy more than listening to a highly trained intelligence leapfrogging common sense and coming to the wrong conclusions. It gives me renewed faith in parliamentary democracy.
Clive Barker|Be my God, so I can just be me.
Claire Robertson, The Spiral House|I want to defend Ben Bella just as I am going to defend Boumedienne. Ben Bella was not the 'demon' that the nervous, demagogic communique of 19 June accused him of being, no more than Boumedienne is the 'reactionary' that L'Unita wrote about. Both are victims of the same drama that every Third World politician lives through if he is honest, if he is a patriot. This was the drama of Lumumba and Nehru; it is the drama of Nyerere and Sekou Toure. The essence of the drama lies in the terrible material resistance that each one encounters on taking his first, second, and third steps up the summit of power. Each one wants to do something good and begins to do it and then sees, after a month, after a year, after three years, that it just isn't happening, that it is slipping away, that it is bogged down in the sand. Everything is in the way: the centuries of backwardness, the primitive economy, the illiteracy, the religious fanaticism, the tribal blindness, the chronic hunger, the colonial past with its practice of debasing and dulling the conquered, the blackmail by the imperialists, the greed of the corrupt, the unemployment, the red ink. progress comes with great difficulty along such a road. The politician begins to push too hard. He looks for a way out through dictatorship. The dictatorship then fathers an opposition. The opposition organises a coup.And the cycle begins anew.
Tom Hiddleston|Never stop. Never stop fighting. Never stop dreaming. And don’t be afraid of wearing your heart on your sleeve - in declaring the films that you love, the films that you want to make, the life that you’ve had, and the lives you can help reflect in cinema. For myself, for a long time… maybe I felt inauthentic or something, I felt like my voice wasn’t worth hearing, and I think everyone’s voice is worth hearing. So if you’ve got something to say, say it from the rooftops.
Steven Millhauser, Little Kingdoms|The swirling lines of snow were composed of separate flakes, and each flake was a cluster of separate ice crystals--scientists had counted over a hundred of them in a single flake. Under the microscope each minuscule crystal, colorless and transparent, revealed a secret symmetry: six sides, the outward expression of an inward geometry of frozen molecules of water. But the real wonder was that no two crystals were precisely alike. In one of this father's camera magazines he had seen a stunning display of photomicrographs, and what was most amazing about the enlarged crystals was that each contained in its center a whole world of intricate six-sided designs, caused by microscopic air pockets. For no conceivable reason, Nature in a kind of exuberance created an inexhaustible outpouring of variations on a single form. A snowstorm was a fall of jewels, a delirium of hexagons--clearly the work of a master animator.
Russell H. Conwell|The only permission, the only validation, and the only opinion that matters in our quest for greatness is our own.
C W Newman, Self: A Treatise on the Nature of Reality|Everybody possesses knowledge and experience that is considered to be unique to them alone; therefore, everyone has something to learn from everyone else.
Cassandra Giovanni, Finding Perfection|Or was their guilt written plainly, and for all the world to see, across their face? Was it their face, in fact, for which they were guilty?
Scott Bakula|You experience the films through the actors, so they're all locked into your imagination in some kind of layer of fantasy or hatred or wherever they settle into your imagination.
Roxane Gay, Difficult Women|Loki's green eyes flashed with anger and with admiration, for he loved a good trick as much as he hated being fooled.
Arthur Conan Doyle, Sherlock Holmes: Adventure of the Creeping Man|Watson. Come at once if convenient. If inconvenient, come all the same.
Sunday Adelaja|Some things will go wrong for each of us, the most important thing is your attitude in that circumstance
Ethan Hawke|I sure lost my musical direction in Hollywood. My songs were the same conveyer belt mass production, just like most of my movies were.
S.J. Musgraves, Caught in the Slipstream of Time|Ours was not going to be a clone of the usual expeditions, oozing with sleekness. It was clear from the start that oddity was our advantage.
Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses|When you're working, some people relax and wait for the invisible right time, but when they see your fortune, they wake up and strategize an envious attack.
Lori Brant, The Happiness Toolbox: Finding happiness regardless of circumstances|Happiness is possible regardless of outside experiences because when you love everything, the need of a physical, emotional, mental or spiritual healing is no longer required. Pure love sees only pure love in its reflection.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|So long as you are in God's hands, He will not throw you away. God cannot drop you for you to be ashamed.
Allen Ginsberg|one must verge on the unknown, write toward the truth hitherto unrecognizable of one’s own sincerity, including the avoidable beauty of doom, shame, and embarrassment, that very area of personal self-recognition,(detailed individual is universal remember) which formal conventions, internalized, keep us from discovering in ourselves and others
Alan Watts|Lesser artists borrow, great artists steal.
Adrian Edmondson|I'm a geeky toy collector, and to have toys of your own characters is unbelievably cool.
|Don't forget to take care of your health as you push forward to bigger and better things in life. Without life, a great strategy for your dream would be absolutely meaningless.
Sean Hayden, My Soul to Keep|That is what the taste of blood does. It takes away the gap between thought and action.To think is to do. There is no unlived life inside you as the air speeds past your body, as you look down at the dreary villages and market towns...
Ivena When Heaven Weeps Ted Dekker|There is my first insight, young woman. Always downplay the value of money; it will make it easier for him to hand it over
John Harvey Kellogg|If we command our wealth, we shall be rich and free; if our wealth commands us, we are poor indeed.
Fennel Hudson, Wild Carp - Fennel's Journal - No. 4|They had that special grace, that special spirit that says, 'Give me a challenge and I'll meet it with joy." on Challenger disaster
Zooey Deschanel|Teach us that wealth is not elegance, that profusion is not magnificence, that splendor is not beauty.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|Unfortunates, who ought to begin with God, do not have any hope in him till they have exhausted all other means of deliverance.
Cornel West|Character depends on characters. Few people are character. Other's should try to opt one but they don't, they lose.
Graham Greene, The End of the Affair|Why doesn't hatred kill desire? I would have given anything to sleep. I would have behaved like a schoolboy if I had believed in the possibility of a substitute. But there was a time when I had tried to find a substitute, and it hadn't worked.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|Happiness is a garden walled with glass: there's no way in or out. In Paradise there are no stories, because there are no journeys. It's loss and regret and misery and yearning that drive the story forward, along its twisted road.
Stephen Hicks|On the one hand, all truth is relative; on the other hand, postmodernism tells it like it really is.On the one hand, all cultures are equally deserving of respect; on the other, Western culture is uniquely destructive and bad.Values are subjective--but sexism and racism are really evil.Technology is bad and destructive--and it is unfair that some people have more technology than others.Tolerance is good and dominance is bad--but when postmodernists come to power, political correctness follows.
Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things|The twins were too young to know that these were only history’s henchmen. Sent to square the books and collect the dues from those who broke its laws. Impelled by feelings that were primal yet paradoxically wholly impersonal. Feelings of contempt born of inchoate, unacknowledged fear—civilization’s fear of nature, men’s fear of women, power’s fear of powerlessness. Man’s subliminal urge to destroy what he could neither subdue nor deify.
Brandon Sanderson, The Alloy of Law|mind was simply the operation of the brain, an idea that struck me with force; it startled my naive understanding of the world
Margaret Atwood, The Tent|Our heaven is their hell, said God. I like a balanced universe.
Joan Rivers|I am lucky, I don't have aches and pains. I do Pilates regularly, which is a series of stretching exercises, and I recommend it to anyone of my age because the temptation is not to exercise when you get older. Well, you should.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To truly be satisfied in life, you must invest your time into doing what you were born to do instead of wasting your time trying to impress a boss or a company doing a job that you were not born for.
Nana Awere Damoah|It is a shame that the very people who used education to clamber out of the disadvantages they had grown up in, have drawn up the ladder after them.
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|how shall I get through the months or years of my future life, in company with that man -- my greatest enemy -- for none could injure me as he has done? Oh! when I think how fondly, how foolishly I have loved him, how madly I have trusted him, how constantly I have laboured, and studied, and prayed, and struggled for his advantage, and how cruelly he has trampled on my love, betrayed my trust, scorned my prayers and tears, and efforts for his preservation --crushed my hopes, destroyed my youth's best feelings, and doomed me to a life of hopeless misery -- as far as man can do it -- it is not enough to say that I no longer love my husband -- I HATE him! The word stares me in the face like a guilty confession, but it is true: I hate him -- I hate him!
Ymatruz, The Coffee Cries Foul|Winning isn't as sweet if you don't see an enemy cry. But remember, losers wail loud no matter what.
Robin Hobb, Fool's Errand|...it's strange, isn't it, how you don't know how big a part of you someone is until they're threatened? And then you think you can't possibly go on if something happens to them, but the most frightening part is that, actually, you will go on, you'll have to go on, with them or without them. There's just no telling what you'll become
Shashi, Songs of the Mist|Passion focuses your mind to one thing that you are doing and leaves no space for something else to enter” - Ashutosh in the book "Songs of the Mist
C.B. Roberts|After what she's been through, there really should be crime scene tape around her heart.
Susan Sontag|The same energy of character which renders a man a daring villain would have rendered him useful in society, had that society been well organized.
Paul Murray, Skippy Dies|You know, you spend your childhood watching TV, assuming that at some point in the future everything you see will one day happen to you: that you too will win a Formula One race, hop a train, foil a group of terrorists, tell someone 'Give me the gun', etc. Then you start secondary school, and suddenly everyone's asking you about your career plans and your long-term goals, and by goals they don't mean the kind you are planning to score in the FA Cup. Gradually the awful truth dawns on you: that Santa Claus was just the tip of the iceberg - that your future will not be the rollercoaster ride you'd imagined,that the world occupied by your parents, the world of washing dishes, going to the dentist, weekend trips to the DIY superstore to buy floor-tiles, is actually largely what people mean when they speak of 'life'.
Darnell Lamont Walker|You asked me to be an open book. As I've already told you, I am. Anything you need to know about me can be found. Don't confuse me, a paperback, with a book on tape.
katheryn spink|Do not seek popularity or self-affirmation; just show people God’s love and mercy, and help them to prosper and succeed. Simply serve God
Nityananda Das|Love melts. Love heals. Love unites. Love forgives. A Divine Union that goes beyond time and space, that’s what I’m looking for—
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn|For once you have tasted flight you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been and there you will long to return.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|In another thirty to fifty years, the demand for cheap labor will have produced even more machines over the employment of actual humans. And in that time frame, humans will have lost their voice, their power, all freedoms, and all worth. It is inevitable that machines will one day become the ultimate enemies of mankind. We are not evolving or progressing with our technology, only regressing. Technology is our friend today, but will be our enemy in the future.
Mehmet Murat ildan|He was like an autumn without leaves, he was unreal!
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry|When one wishes to play the wit, he sometimes wanders a little from the truth.
Annie Dillard|The secret is not to write about what you love best, but about what you, alone, love at all.
Frigyes Karinthy, Chains|Granting that there is some truth to the theory that defects in society give rise to the emergence of criminals, I still maintain that those who use this theory as a defense of criminality are overlooking the fact that there are many people in this defective society who survive without resorting to crime. The argument to the contrary is pure sophistry.
Gabriel García Márquez, Of Love and Other Demons|Take care,' said Delaura. 'Sometimes we attribute certain things we do not understand to the demon, not thinking they may be things of God that we do not understand.''Saint Thomas said it, and I will be guided by him,' said the Abbess: '"One must not believe demons even when they speak the truth.
R. Alan Woods|Charity knew she had to begin looking for a job soon. Definitely tomorrow, or the next day. Or perhaps the day after that. Charity didn't believe in procrastination. She just needed to plan her strategy. She was sound asleep on the sofa when Lady Margaret got back from London.
Donald Berwick|It took a lot of blood, sweat and tears to get to where we are today, but we have just begun. Today we begin in earnest the work of making sure that the world we leave our children is just a little bit better than the one we inhabit today.
Langston Hughes|On the whole, we treat the Devil shamefully, and the worse we treat Him the more He laughs at us.
Alin Sav|If you stop learning, you start dying.
Robert McKee, Story: Substance, Structure, Style, and the Principles of Screenwriting|He who lets the world, or his own portion of it, choose his plan of life for him, has no need of any other faculty than the ape-like one of imitation. He who chooses his plan for himself, employs all his faculties.
Dave Eggers, The Circle|Everyone will be tracked, cradle to grave, with no possibility of escape.
DeBorrah K. Ogans, How Do I Love Thee: Food for Thought Before You Say "I DO"|In Marriage You Learn To Give Up The "Me ness for We ness!
Isabel Allende|In the many roles I have played in my acting career as military figures, I have simply drawn upon the acts of courage, large and small, I have seen in the men and women with whom I served, and the countless others I met or have come to know through the years.
Emma Cline, The Girls|It was a gift. What did I do with it? Life didn't accumulate as I'd once imagined. I graduated from boarding school, two years of college. Persisted through the blank decade in Los Angeles. I buried first my mother, then my father. His hair gone wispy as a child's. I paid bills and bought groceries and got my eyes checked while the days crumbled away like debris from a cliff face. Life a continuous backing away from the edge.
Jamie Ford, Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet|My parents say you’re no good, Elijah.” I exhaled and killed the cigarette in the grass.Laughing, Eli’s eyes went to my lips and his hands touched my bare midriff. “Really? And what do you say?”He had brought his lips so close to mine that it became hard to think about my next words when all I wanted to do was crush my mouth to his. I wanted him to completely consume me. “I think you’re broken,” I finally got out, and Eli arched a brow. “But I think I’m broken too. I just don’t know it yet.
Alex Kudera, Fight for Your Long Day|One of the most often asked questions posed after America was attacked on 9/11 was, ‘What has the United States done to arouse so much Muslim hatred?’ The question, however, is on the same moral level as asking what German and other European Jews did to cause the Holocaust, or what blacks did to arouse the hatred among the American whites who lynched them.
Lisa Gillis, Weathering Jack Storm|Stung again by this queen bee of the Loren clan, Marissa shook it off and retorted, “See, that’s just it. I don’t always love Jack Storm. But with all my heart I love Jack Loren.
Norman Foster|Every time somebody tries to go in and reinvent what we do, it always ends up being more about technology and sets, and flash and dash, forgetting the main thing, which is interesting people saying interesting, important things.
Ann Zwinger, Downcanyon: A Naturalist Explores the Colorado River through the Grand Canyon|As dawn leaks into the sky it edits out the stars like excess punctuation marks, deleting asterisks and periods, commas, and semi-colons, leaving only unhinged thoughts rotating and pivoting, and unsecured words.
Sadiqua Hamdan, Happy Am I. Holy Am I. Healthy Am I.|According to the anthropic principle proponents, if the universal constants (e.g. gravitation, the strong force, etc.) were just a nose-hair off, the universe as we know it would not exist; stars wouldn't form and there would be no life and no us. That supposedly makes our universe truly special. To demonstrate just how ridiculous this fine-tuning argument is, consider the fact that no measurement in physics is perfect. All of them are approximations and have margins of error. That means the universal constants, that make our universe what it is, have some wiggle room. Within that wiggle room are an infinite quantity of real numbers. Each of those real numbers could represent constants that could make a universe like ours. Since there are an infinite number of potential constants within that wiggle room, there are an infinite number of potential universes, like ours, that could have existed in lieu of ours. Thus, there is really nothing special about our universe.
Lenny Kravitz|I was influenced when I was younger by the cartoon movies that Disney put out, like Cinderella and what not. I watched those movies over and over when I was younger and the music is ingrained into my head. Nowadays, I'm still humming the tunes. It taught me the fundamentals.
Katherine McIntyre, Snatched|I may not have all the answers, but I do know the questions you no longer need answers for.
Susan C. Young|You must prune to bloom. If the dead weight is not pruned and removed, it compromises the quality, performance, and output of the vine. When you prune what’s not working in your life, you make the space and place for renewal to happen and for new growth to spring forth.
Tim Tebow|Both need each other: The agnostic cannot be content to not know, but must be in search of the great truth of faith; the Catholic cannot be content to have faith, but must be in search of God all the time, and in the dialogue with others, a Catholic can learn more about God in a deeper fashion.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|In Russia, war will never be popular with the profound masses of people. Revolutionary ideas are more in their taste than a victory over Germany. But one does not escape one's destiny... - Russian Minister of the Interior, Nikolai Maklakov, on 29 July 1914.
Debasish Mridha|The first duty of a man is to love himself. When someone loves himself, he is loving the universe. This universe is existing because of you.
Robert K. Massie, Catherine the Great: Portrait of a Woman|To prove to [her friend, Swedish diplomat Count] Gyllenborg that she was not superficial, Catherine composed an essay about herself, "so that he would see whether I knew myself or not." The next day, she wrote and handed to Gyllenborg an essay titled 'Portrait of a Fifteen-Year-Old Philosopher.' He was impressed and returned it with a dozen pages of comments, mostly favorable. "I read his remarks again and again, many times [Catherine later recalled in her memoirs]. I impressed them on my consciousness and resolved to follow his advice. In addition, there was something else surprising: one day, while conversing with me, he allowed the following sentence to slip out: 'What a pity that you will marry! I wanted to find out what he meant, but he would not tell me.
Robert C. Solomon, Spirituality for the Skeptic: The Thoughtful Love of Life|What gives life meaning is a form of rebellion, rebellion against reason, an insistence on believing passionately what we cannot believe rationally. The meaning of life is to be found in passion—romantic passion, religious passion, passion for work and for play, passionate commitments in the face of what reason knows to be meaningless.
Devil Dash|Filling up your soul with the depths of your own thoughts, that's just extraordinarily progressive.
Pavel Visan Alexandru|I do not think I liked being a child very much. It seemed like something one was intended to endure, not enjoy: a fifteen-year-long sentence to a world less interesting than the one that the other race inhabited.
Nihad Sirees|What you have now then is the marketing of racialized identities as tools for consumption. And certain racialized bodies and images are associated with hipness, coolness, edginess. So all kinds of youth all over the world are appropriating that style as a way of, sort of, countering authority, stating their rebelliousness, and wanting to be seen as significant.
Lionel Suggs|Patience's design flaw became obvious for the first time in my life: the outcome is decided not during the course of play but when the cards are shuffled, before the game even begins. How pointless is that?
Elon Musk|Each life is made up of mistakes and learning, waiting and growing, practicing patience and being persistent.
Bill Rancic|Half the money I spend on advertising is wasted; the trouble is, I don't know which half.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|God created every man to be free. The ability to choose whether to live free or enslaved, right or wrong, happy or in fear is something called freewill. Every man was born with freewill. Some people use it, and some people use any excuse not to. Nobody can turn you into a slave unless you allow them. Nobody can make you afraid of anything, unless you allow them. Nobody can tell you to do something wrong, unless you allow them. God never created you to be a slave, man did. God never created division or set up any borders between brothers, man did. God never told you hurt or kill another, man did. And in the end, when God asks you: "Who told you to kill one of my children?"And you tell him, "My leader."He will then ask you, "And are THEY your GOD?
Dennis Weaver|For businesses, biomimicry is about bringing a new discipline - biology - to the design table. It's not to write an environmental impact statement, as most biologists in business do right now.
Raul Castro|I understand that government should live within its means, value the money it holds in trust from you the taxpayer, avoid waste and, above all else, observe the first maxim of good government: namely, do no avoidable harm.
Dave Gibbons, Watchmen|The lady who works in the grocery store at the corner of my block is called Denise, and she's one of America's great unpublished novelists. Over the years she's written forty-two romantic novels, none of which have ever reached the bookstores. I, however, have been fortunate enough to hear the plots of the last twenty-seven of these recounted in installments by the authoress herself every time I drop by the store for a jar of coffee or can of beans, and my respect for Denise's literary prowess knows no bounds. So, naturally enough, when I found myself faced with the daunting task of actually starting the book you now hold in your hands, it was Denise I turned to for advice.
David Blunkett|Education, family, character, intelligence, humility, okay? These are the things that make a culture live.
Erik Pevernagie|Radiate a Smile with a Happy Face,and you make everyone Happy,Make a sad faceand you Scare everyone !
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Your First Virtual Summit: Everything you need to know to create your first successful Virtual Summit|A few will say no, but many will say yes…remember that every No will get you closer to the many yeses as long as you have a system that works for you.
Thomm Quackenbush, Find What You Love and Let It Kill You|I fail to find even one "Netaji" among the several thousand "Netas" of today. India needs our sacrifices once more and my entire life is and will remain dedicated to the service of my country.
Ian McEwan, For You|There is, perhaps, no more dangerous man in the world than the man with the sensibilities of an artist but without creative talent. With luck such men make wonderful theatrical impresarios and interior decorators, or else they become mass murderers or critics.
Austin Kleon, Steal Like an Artist: 10 Things Nobody Told You About Being Creative|Draw the art you want to see, start the business you want to run, play the music you want to hear, write the books you want to read, build the products you want to use – do the work you want to see done.
Dejan Stojanovic|When I want to be reminded of stupidity, especially my own, I turn on the TV.
Christina Lauren, Autoboyography|Lord knows why I find you attractive, Michael, when you generally smell like weed and broken hobo dreams.
Hilary Mantel, Wolf Hall|In order not to make a liar out of Henry or Katherine, one or the other, the committee men think up circumstances in which the match may have been partly consummated, or somewhat consummated, and to do this they have to imagine every disaster and shame that can occur between a man and a woman alone in a room in the dark.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|If our ideas and beliefs are held with an awareness of abstracting, they can be changed if found to be inadequate or erroneous. But if they are held without an awareness of abstracting-if our mental maps are believed to be the territory-they are prejudices. As teachers or parents, we cannot help passing on to the young a certain amount of misinformation and error, however hard we may try not to. But if we teach them to be habitually conscious of the process of abstraction, we give them the means by which to free themselves from whatever erroneous notions we may have inadvertently taught them.
Sara  Humphreys, Trouble Walks In|Maddy pressed her fingers to her lips, a smile blooming there. The man could kiss like the devil. Hot, passionate, demanding. Holy hell. Ronan McGuire was a force of nature, and equally dangerous.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|My wife and I said good-bye the next morning in a little sheltered place among the lumber on the wharf; she was one of your women who never like to do their crying before folks.She climbed on the pile of lumber and sat down, a little flushed and quivery, to watch us off. I remember seeing her there with the baby till we were well down the channel. I remember noticing the bay as it grew cleaner, and thinking that I would break off swearing; and I remember cursing Bob Smart like a pirate within an hour.("Kentucky's Ghost")
Ray Bradbury|Who wants to see the Future, who ever does? A man can face the Past, but to think - the pillars crumbled, you say? And the sea empty, and the canals dry, and the maidens dead, and the flowers withered?" The Martian was silent, but then he looked ahead. "But there they are. I see them. Isn't that enough for me? They wait for me now, no matter what you say.
John Banville|Writing keeps me at my desk, constantly trying to write a perfect sentence. It is a great privilege to make one’s living from writing sentences. The sentence is the greatest invention of civilization. To sit all day long assembling these extraordinary strings of words is a marvelous thing…For me, a line has to sing before it does anything else. The great thrill is when a sentence that starts out being completely plain suddenly begins to sing, rising far above itself and above any expectation I might have had for it. That’s what keeps me going on those dark December days when I think about how I could be living instead of writing.
Agnes Obel|In general I was a good kid. It usually took a lot to make me mad. But once I reached the boiling point, I lost all rational control. Totally without thinking, when my anger was aroused, I grabbed the nearest brick, rock, or stick to bash someone. It was as if I had no conscious will in the matter.
Stephen Jay Gould, The Structure of Evolutionary Theory|In Burgundy and in the cities of the South the tree of Liberty was planted. That is to say, a pole topped by the revolutionary red bonnet.
Mehmet Murat ildan|For us, a pretty bird is a pretty bird; for an insect, pretty bird is an ugly enemy!
Q'orianka Kilcher|I learned a long time ago the wisest thing I can do is be on my own side, be an advocate for myself and others like me.
José N. Harris|If you want to get ahead in life, I've found that perhaps the most useless word in the world is "tomorrow.
Henry A. Wallace|Some versions of patriotism come close to the tribal, which we all want to surpass, and some don't.
Christopher Hitchens|Do I fear death? No, I am not afraid of being dead because there's nothing to be afraid of, I won't know it. I fear dying, of dying I feel a sense of waste about it and I fear a sordid death, where I am incapacitated or imbecilic at the end which isn't something to be afraid of, it's something to be terrified of.
Robert Henri|Art is the giving by each man of his evidence to the world. Those who wish to give, love to give, discover the pleasure of giving. Those who give are tremendously strong.
Ratmir Timashev, CEO Veeam|Siri, what is the meaning of life? She answers: To think about questions like this. Huh. Good one.
Bob Marley|The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.
Bob Feller|The integrity of men is to be measured by their conduct, not by their professions.
Munia Khan|Happiness lives in every corner of your home and if you are homeless, it lives under the leaves of trees, hiding beneath the sky's cloudiness. All you need to do is to find it with patience.
Anna Akhmatova, The Complete Poems of Anna Akhmatova|The child's reluctance to speak for the first few months of his residence in a new country is not pathological, but normal.
Tate Hallaway, Almost to Die For|Loyalty to a wrong person always paid darkness, Nothing else!
Yukio Mishima, The Temple of Dawn|Better to be caught in sudden, complete catastrophe than to be gnawed by the cancer of imagination.
Susan  Fletcher, The Highland Witch|Your heart's voice is your true voice. It is easy to ignore it, for sometimes it says what we'd rather it did not - and it is so hard to risk the things we have. But what life are we living, if we don't live by our hearts? Not a true one. And the person living it is not the true you.
Charles Baudelaire|All good things come from love; God used the cross a symbol of His love, to paralyze and defeat all forces of evil. God is love. John 3:16
Paracelsus|The Bible was a consolation to a fellow alone in the old cell. The lovely thin paper with a bit of matress stuffing in it, if you could get a match, was as good a smoke as I ever tasted.
Susan Bass Marcus|Slavery is impossible without the consent of the slave. Fear imprisons the mind, Faith. You either accept this prison by following the rules made by others. Or you break free, by making your own.
Winona LaDuke|Another thing is, people lose perspective. It is a cultural trait in America to think in terms of very short time periods. My advice is: learn history. Take responsibility for history. Recognise that sometimes things take a long time to change. If you look at your history in this country, you find that for most rights, people had to struggle. People in this era forget that and quite often think they are entitled, and are weary of struggling over any period of time
Michael Pena|It was an event whenever 'CHiPs' would come on in my house. There wasn't a lot of Latin people being hired to star in TV shows or movies back in the day. Not only was it a fun show, there was a Latino starring in it - so we thought it was extra cool.
Stephen Collins|He has such a patronizing tone and manner, and such a sarcastic sense of humor. I found him rather brutal, a kind of elegant brutality which appealed. No, I think he came pretty much off the page.
Ra'ad Ammari|Future does not exist, live your day and build yours.
Yafreisy Carrero|Nature already uses the language of mathematics, so why not work with the environment instead of against it. We need to start mimicking the mathematical logic that occurs in the landscape, identify existing systems, and out of those concepts create new ones.
Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution|It's a good thing you and your pills weren't around a few hundred years ago or there never would have been a Vermeer or a Caravaggio. You'd have drugged "Girl with a Pearl Earring" and "The Taking of Christ" right the hell out of them.
Robyn Schneider, Extraordinary Means|But if love had to die, I wanted it to die quickly. It was as though our love were a small creature caught in a trap and bleeding to death: I had to shut my eyes and wring its neck.
Nigel Goodall, The Secret World of Johnny Depp: The Intimate Biography of Hollywood's Best-Loved Rebel|I never gossip - but after all, a tongue is given one to speak with, and I'm not deaf mute.That you most certainly are not. A tongue, Henet, may sometimes be a weapon. A tongue may cause a death - may cause more than one death. I hope your tongue, Henet, has not caused a death.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|Sugar, it's no parade but you'll get down the street one way or another, so you'd just as well throw your shoulders back and pick up the pace.
Cuthbert Soup, A Whole Nother Story|I'm one-half Cherokee, one-half Irish, one-half Turkish, one-half Australian and one-half Korean." "Excuse me, but that's five halves," said Maggie.
Orlando Winters, Stop Being a F***ing Idiot|Only in hindsight can we see the moments where our lives skewed off-course, where we traveled down the wrong path, where the worst lies we told were the ones we told ourselves.
Si Robertson|Godliness, as well as the doctrine of our faith, is a mystery.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|If your heart tends to force friends to do as you say,seed of discord is being planted in your relationship.
Debasish Mridha|To be good, see goodness in everyone.
Tracy Rees, Amy Snow|Disseminating knowledge is the human duty, sharing it about so that all can benefit.
Cormac McCarthy, The Road|Just remember that the things you put into your head are there forever, he said. You might want to think about that.You forget some things, dont you?Yes. You forget what you want to remember and you remember what you want to forget.
Stephen Richards|Manifesting your desires requires an understanding of the universe’s abundance and inherently giving nature. If you ask from a position of fear or desperation, you are sending out your fear and desperation, and the universe, giving, reflecting, and non-judgmental as it is, will send those right back at you.
Elbert Hubbard|Know what you want to do, hold the thought firmly, and do every day what should be done, and every sunset will see you that much nearer the goal.
J.R. Ward, Lover Eternal|V shook his head. “Remember what you saw in that clearing, cop? How’d you like that anywhere near a female you loved?”Butch put down the Bud without drinking from it. His eyes traveled over Rhage’s body.“We’re going to need a shitload of steel,” the human muttered.
Minae Mizumura, The Fall of Language in the Age of English|For Japanese people before 1868, Europeans were little more than curious beasts, strange and incomprehensible. Then, after the Meiji Restoration, everything changed. Along with European science and technology, European art flooded into Japan, all forms of it representing themselves as the universal—and most advanced—model. The same was true of novels. The Japanese, with characteristic diligence, began to read masterpieces of European literature, first in the original and then in translation. And such is the power of literature that through the act of reading, little by little the Japanese came to live the lives of Europeans as if they were their own. They began to live the ambitions of Julien Sorel, the happiness of Jane Eyre, the sufferings of young Werther, and the despair of Anna Karenina as if they were their own. They thus began living a new temporality—that which flows in the West, dictated by the Gregorian calendar, marked by major historical events in the West. And by so doing, they eventually joined what the Europeans called "humanity.
Mark  Lawrence, Red Sister|People always want to know things . . . until they hear them, and then it's too late. Knowledge is a rug of a certain size, and the world is larger. It's not what remains uncovered at the edges that should worry you, rather what is swept beneath.
Aimee Mann|They can take tomorrow and the plans we made They can take the music that we'll never play All the broken dreams, take everything Just take it away but they can never have yesterday They can take the future that we'll never know They can take the places that we said we would go All the broken dreams, take everything Just take it away but they can never have yesterday
Daisy Whitney, When You Were Here|But I am tired of everyone being gone, and I am tired of everything that has tired me out for the last five years of my life.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|Books don't offer real escape, but they can stop a mind scratching itself raw.
C.S. Lewis, Reflections on the Psalms|This is how everything should end: with the forgotten remembered, the wounded healed, and the sinners forgiven.
Mehmet Murat ildan|A country where people are afraid of even their own shadows is surely a country of dictatorship! In such vile countries there are two groups of people: The zombies, the living-dead who serve the dictator and the rest, the clever and honourable people who fight for their freedom!
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|Do not give way to useless alarm; though it is right to be prepared for the worst, there is no occasion to look on it as certain.
Anne Stuart, The Devil's Waltz|He was sound asleep, his long legs stretched out in front of him, the blessed fire blazing, an empty bottle of wine by his side. He hadn't been shaved recently, and he looked rumpled, dissolute and beautiful. Likea fallen angel. She moved to stand in front of him and pointed the pistol directly at his heart."I wouldn't do that if I were you," he murmured, and then he opened his extraordinary eyes. "It's alwaysunwise to shoot the man you're in love with.
Jay Woodman|The Conditioned Mind / shuts off magical vision and gnosis / gives up freedom, truth, real choices / loses sight of love, trust, and social coherence / loses touch with organic life, gives way to interference // risks personal wellbeing, peace of heart, balance of mind / is tricked into believing we need power, money, lies / and people to lead us by the nose into violence and war / is hypnotised, drugged, poisoned, misinformed.
Agatha Christie, The Moving Finger|He’s my new partner JJ and I don’t think he likes you very much. Last guy he took a dislike to still can’t eat anything more solid than yogurt.’ ‘Can’t you keep him on a leash?’ ‘Sure I can. The leash is in the car. I’ll go get it. You guys will be OK by yourselves for ten minutes or so, right?
Katie McGarry, Red at Night|Call Stella 'Trash Can Girl' again and I'll beat the h--- out of you. In fact, call her or anyone else anything ever again and I'll do the same. I'm done saying nothing. I'm done letting you treat people like crap. Do you hear me?
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|Elinor had some difficulty here to refrain from observing, that she thought Fanny might have borne with composure, an acquisition of wealth to her brother, by which neither she nor her child could be possibly impoverished.
Sunday Adelaja|Serpent-Breath was famous...Wasp-Sting, short and lethal.
Neil Gaiman|I took the dog out for a walk tonight, and together we wandered across the meadow next door. It was a warm summer's night, dark, and moonless. There were a handful of fireflies flickering intermittently, some so close to me I could see they were burning green as they flew, and some further away, who seemed to be flashing white.And in the sky above them a continual roil of distant summer lightning (the storm distant enough that it was silent) burned and flashed and illuminated the clouds. It seemed as if the lightning bugs were talking to the lightning, in a perfect call and response of flash and counterflash. I watched the sky and the meadow flash and flash while the dog walked ahead of me, and realised that I was perfectly happy...
Gary Hamel|I think change needs to be egoless. It's not about my leaving my fingerprints or a legacy. It's more important to be part of a process by rolling up your sleeves, being on the ground, initiating projects, starting campaigns - you know, building stuff.
Steve Callahan|Doesn't it seem to you," asked Madame Bovary, "that the mind moves more freely in the presence of that boundless expanse, that the sight of it elevates the soul and gives rise to thoughts of the infinite and the ideal?
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Here I came to the very edge where nothing at all needs saying, everything is absorbed through weather and the sea, and the moon swam back, its rays all silvered, and time and again the darkness would be broken by the crash of a wave, and every day on the balcony of the sea, wings open, fire is born, and everything is blue again like morning. 
Marquis de Sade|Aspiring authors, get this through your head. Cover art serves one purpose, and one purpose only, to get potential customers interested long enough to pick up the book to read the back cover blurb. In the internet age that means the thumb nail image needs to be interesting enough to click on. That’s what covers are for.
Donald Van de Mark|Your life is a trajectory. Every choice you make alters that trajectory, in a positive or negative way. Will you categorize that dinner with friends as a business expense? Will you be honest with your daughter? Will you take more credit than you’re due? These are just the small questions that we face every day, and little by little, the answers influence the trajectory of our lives and beings.
Rick Yancey, The Last Star|That's my name. Not Cassie for Cassandra. Or Cassie for Cassidy. And it's not Cassie for Cassiopeia. Not anymore. I am more than her now.I am all of them, Evan and Ben and Marika and Megan and Sam. I am Dumbo and Poundcake and Teacup. I am all the ones you emptied, the ones you corrupted, the ones you discarded, the thousands you thought you killed, but who live in me.But I am more than this. I am all those they remember, the ones they loved, everyone they knew, and everyone they only heard about. How many are contained in me? Count the stars. Go on, number the grains of sand. That's me.I am humanity.
Michael J. Sullivan, Age of Swords|It'll always be dark until you decide to turn on the light, you can and you will, it's your choice!
Fulton J. Sheen, Life of Christ|I have sometimes wondered why Jesus so frequently touched the people he healed, many of whom must have been unattractive, obviously diseased, unsanitary, smelly. With his power, he easily could have waved a magic wand. In fact, a wand would have reached more people than a touch. He could have divided the crowd into affinity groups and organized his miracles--paralyzed people over there, feverish people here, people with leprosy there--raising his hands to heal each group efficiently, en masse. But he chose not to. Jesus' mission was not chiefly a crusade against disease (if so, why did he leave so many unhealed in the world and tell followers to hush up details of healings?), but rather a ministry to individual people, some of whom happened to have a disease. He wanted those people, one by one, to feel his love and warmth and his full identification with them. Jesus knew he could not readily demonstrate love to a crowd, for love usually involves touching.
Takeshi Nozue|Gender healing and reconciliation consciously invokes this universal love of the heart, which in the end has the capacity to overcome the very real and formidable challenges of gender oppression and injustice that have tormented human societies for literally thousands of years
C.S. Lewis|I think I speak for everyone," he says, "when I say you have earned the title of Dauntless".
Nathaniel Hawthorne|If you are foe, we do not fear you. If you are friend, your foes will be taught the fear of us.
Brian       Reynolds|We often over value what we can do on our own, and under value what God can do through us.
Weldon Kees, The Collected Poems of Weldon Kees|it will be miraculous, very miraculous.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Let your greatest possession be the ability to let go of any possession, joyfully.
Jeaniene Frost, This Side of the Grave|Before we go, I gotta know: If mind-reading abilities are real, there's something else I wondered if fiction got right about vampires-""Ask me if I sparkle and I'll kill you where you stand," Bones cut him off with utmost seriousness.
Paul Arden, It's Not How Good You Are, It's How Good You Want To Be|If you think you're unable to be on the cover of Time magazine, make it your business to be there.
Terry Pratchett, Night Watch|I get it,' said the prisoner. 'Good Cop, Bad Cop, eh?'If you like.' said Vimes. 'But we're a bit short staffed here, so if I give you a cigarette would you mind kicking yourself in the teeth?
Rae Hachton, Frankie's Monster|From "Lunchtime At The Justice Cafe" :The waitress snarled a grin that lasted just long enough to show a mouthful of stained yellowed teeth, then turned suddenly serious. “‘Course I’m not the one to talk about these folks, I ‘spose. You see, I used to do a bit of eavesdroppin’ in my day before the sheriff put a stop to that.”   She lifted the stringy blond hair from the side of her face, the opposite side from where she had hidden her pencil. There was a small hole about the size of a quarter where her ear should have been. “As you can see, Mr. McAllister, Sheriff Sweet puts a fairly high price on mindin’ your own business in Justice,” she added, refilling his cup. “You want some pie?”  
Ann Herendeen, Phyllida and the Brotherhood of Philander|You think money can solve any problem, but all it s good for is buying the things it can, and leaving you free to pursue the things it can't.
Jim Butcher, Storm Front|It's tough for magic to argue with physics, most of the time.
David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest|One of the first things we teach medical students is to listen to the patient by taking a careful medical history. Ninety percent of the time, you can arrive at an uncannily accurate diagnosis by paying close attention, using physical examination and sophisticated lab test to confirm your hunch (and to increase the bill to the insurance company).
Marion Cotillard|I remember looking at James Joyce's journals. It was just amazing - it looked like ants had written on the page. So much writing on one page, every corner of the page was filled. Some of the lines were underlined in yellow or blue or red. A lot of color, intense writing.
George MacDonald, The Fisherman's Lady|A letter may be coded, and a word may be coded. A theatrical performance may be coded, and a sonnet may be coded, and there are times when it seems the entire world is in code. Some believe that the world can be decoded by performing research in a library. Others believe that the world can be decoded by reading a newspaper.
Lee Strobel|If you're financially responsible, your children have a much better chance to grow up financially responsible.
Georgia O'Keeffe|I have things in my head that are not like what anyone taught me — shapes and ideas so near to me, so natural to my way of being and thinking.
Courtney C. Stevens, Faking Normal|A tragedy can catch us any time possible; for this very reason, we must catch the life any time possible!
Ljupka Cvetanova, The New Land|Chris Salamone donated hundreds of thousands of dollars to education and leadership development as Chairman of the LeadAmerica Foundation. With his passion in studying and singing opera, he is trained in the martial arts of Jyu Ryu and Miyama Ryu Combat Jujitsu.
Truman Capote, Answered Prayers - The Unfinished Novel|Somewhere in this world there exists an exceptional philosopher named Florie Rotondo.The other day I came across one of her ruminations printed in a magazine devoted to the writings of schoolchildren. It said: “If I could do anything, I would go to the middle of our planet, Earth, and seek uranium, rubies, and gold. I'd look for Unspoiled Monsters. Then I'd move to the country. --Florie Rotondo, age 8.”Florie, honey, I know just what you mean – even if you don’t: how could you, age eight?
Robert Trivers, Deceit and Self-Deception: Fooling Yourself the Better to Fool Others|A very disturbing feature of overconfidence is that it often appears to be poorly associated with knowledge - that is, the more ignorant the individual, the more confident he or she might be.
Javier Marías, Los enamoramientos|Everything becomes a story and ends up drifting about in the same sphere, and then it's hard to differentiate between what really happened and what is pure invention. Everything becomes a narrative and sounds fictitious even if it's true.
Giles Milton, Nathaniel's Nutmeg: How One Man's Courage Changed the Course of History|He penned a letter to the Company in London, a letter whose unfailing spirit would become legendary among the sailors of the East India Company. 'I cannot tell where you should looke for me.' he wrote, 'because I live at the devotion of the winds and seas.'  (Written by/about Captain James Lancaster, on the ship Red Dragon, during a terrible storm, 1603)
Keith Richards|When you are growing up there are two institutional places that affect you most powerfully: the church, which belongs to God, and the public library, which belongs to you. The public library is a great equaliser.
Nick Hornby, The Polysyllabic Spree|We are never allowed to forget that some books are badly written; we should remember that sometimes they're badly read, too.
Rachelle Doorley|The children are intrigued by these invitation, and it's only a matter of minutes before they find themselves engaged in a new world of possibilities.
C.S. Lewis, Prince Caspian|You come of the Lord Adam and the Lady Eve," said Aslan. "And that is both honour enough to erect the head of the poorest beggar, and shame enough to bow the shoulders of the greatest emperor on earth. Be content.
Friedrich Nietzsche|Because I know something that you don't know. I know that this is the worst experience of your life, but I also know that someday you'll move past it and you'll be fine. And helping somebody likej you through the worst experience of her life is incredibly gratifying.
Jeanne DuPrau|Mrs. Murdo, walkind even more briskly to keep her spirits up, was crossing Harken Square when something fell to the pavement just in front of her with a terrific thump. How extraordinary, she thought, bending to pick it up. It was sort of a bundle. She began to untie it.
Jim Evans|I believe success is preparation, because opportunity is going to knock on your door sooner or later but are you prepared to answer that?
Alexander McCall Smith, The Limpopo Academy of Private Detection|Men are very sensitive, Mma Makutsi. You would not always think it to look at them, but they are. They do not like you to point out that they are wrong, even when they are. That is the way things are, Mma--it just is.
Susan C. Young|Some people contend that there are no new ideas and everything under the sun has already been created. Thankfully, innovation and regeneration continue to prove otherwise. New and amazing innovations are born every day from the regeneration of ideas and creativity. How can you create something brand new using your current resources?
T-Pain|Failures are much more dramatic than successes, and people like drama. I think this is why automobile races draw such crowds. People expect spectacular crashes, which we tend to find more interesting than cars just racing around the track. The same is true of bridges, buildings, or any structure or machine.
Bill Maher, When You Ride Alone You Ride With Bin Laden: What the Government Should Be Telling Us to Help Fight the War on Terrorism|They" hate us because they feel--and "they" are not wrong--that it is within our power to do so much more, and that we practice a kind of passive-aggressive violence on the Third World. We do this by, for example, demonizing tobacco as poison here while promoting cigarettes in Asia; inflating produce prices by paying farmers not to grow food as millions go hungry worldwide; skimping on quality and then imposing tariffs on foreign products made better or cheaper than our own; padding corporate profits through Third World sweatshops; letting drug companies stand by as millions die of AIDS in Africa to keep prices up on lifesaving drugs; and on and on.  We do, upon reaching a very high comfort level, mostly choose to go from ten to eleven instead of helping another guy far away go from zero to
Rick Moody, Hotels of North America|When one's work hides behind simple, process is kind of long story.
Jacques Yves Cousteau|So at some point you realize that your life is not just going to start one day in the future, that you're living it.
Svetlana Alexievich, Voices from Chernobyl: The Oral History of a Nuclear Disaster|Planning, awareness, and communication are essential in conducting all of our activities with a reasonable level of safety. Accidents are novelty gone bad.
Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction|Just so you know, I’m goin’ to enlist.”“I’m proud of you. But why?”I groan against the pain but manage to give him a half smile. “I want to make sure Kiara’s got a boyfriend who has more to offer than a hot bod and a face that could make angels weep.
Michael D. Cohen|I saw a cardinal when I was in Brooklyn, and I was almost moved to tears. I was, like, 'I can't believe this thing is legal. I can't believe this thing is in the wild. How did this happen? How has someone not killed them all? They're so conspicuous. They're gorgeous. How can they still be alive?'
Markus Zusak, Underdog|This haze of blood must subside, the palace must collapse under the weight of the riches it conceals, the orgy must finish and the time come to awaken.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Your life plays out as a reflection of your genetic makeup and potentiality as expressed through your environment and choices. Love yourself enough to create an environment in your life that is conducive to the nourishment of your personal growth. Allow yourself to let go of the people, thoughts, and situations that poison your well-being. Cultivate a vibrant surrounding and commit yourself to making choices that will help you release the greatest expression of your unique beauty and purpose.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|[M]an has been accustomed, ever since he was a boy, to having a dozen incompatible philosophies dancing about together inside his head. He doesn't think of doctrines as primarily "true" or "false," but as "academic" or "practical," "outworn" or "contemporary," "conventional" or "ruthless." Jargon, not argument, is your best ally in keeping him from the Church. Don't waste time trying to make him think that materialism is true! Make him think it is strong or stark or courageous—that it is the philosophy of the future. That's the sort of thing he cares about.
Lev Grossman, The Magician's Land|And if she liked and trusted the person who asked, she would add that yes, it was kind of a lot to deal with: her outward affect was bright and capable, and that was no illusion, but equally real was the yawning pit of exhaustion inside her. She just felt so tired sometimes. And because of everything her parents asked of her, she was ashamed of being tired. She could not, would not let the pit swallow her up, as much as she sometimes wanted it to.
Tom Robbins|In a rehearsal room, your real resource as an actor aren't the things around you; your resources are your imagination and your director and the other actors. In those close quarters, your imagination and your skills are what you turn to.
Samuel Johnson, The Life of Samuel Johnson LL.D. Vol 3|Depend upon it, sir, when a man knows he is to be hanged in a fortnight, it concentrates his mind wonderfully.
Hans Urs von Balthasar, The Christian and Anxiety|If you do not worship God, you worship something, and nine times out of ten it will be yourself. You have a duty to worship God, not because He will be imperfect and unhappy if you do not, but because you will be imperfect and unhappy.
James David Lewis-Williams, The Mind in the Cave: Consciousness and the Origins of Art|A shaman’s activities as a sorcerer, or his own conscious act of entry into the supernatural world, were a kind of “killing”.
Neena Verma|Appreciate, Let purpose inspire action, Learn with humility, Go beyond .. all in Here & Now.
Dan Rather|But into the first decades of the twentieth century, even at the New York Times, it was uncommon for journalists to see a sharp divide between facts and values. Yet the belief in objectivity is just this: the belief that one can and should separate facts from values. Facts, in this view, are assertions about the world open to independent validation. They stand beyond the distorting influences of any individual's personal preferences. Values, in this view, are an individual's conscious or unconscious preferences for what the world should be; they are seen as ultimately subjective and so without legitimate claim on other people. The belief in objectivity is a faith in "facts," a distrust of "values," and a commitment to their segregation.
Mehmet Murat ildan|And on the worn book of old-golden I brought not here to read, it seems, but holdAnd freshen in this air of withering sweetness;
Suzanne Brockmann, Do or Die|One glance at the way he looked at her, and Sam knew exactly what he was. A lethal habit, she thought. The accelerator on a race car. A halo jump on a crystal clear day. The best possible rush with the worst possible consequences.
Eric Alterman|It's that evil twin part of me that always comes out at the absolute wrong political moment, like a demon possessing my soul; it exhibits itself as an arrogance or disdain or obnoxiousness or meanness or anger or pettiness - all traits that are lethal in politics.
Eileen Anglin|All of the the books, the readings, the workshops, the ah-ha moments won't change your life unless you put actions behind them.
Taylor Schake|I would wonder if you could be a hero or heroine if you did not live in deep time, that is, Past, present, and future all at once.
Dave Matthes, The Kaleidoscope Syndrome: An Anthology|In the hours waking,when we're still all still,and you can hear the floorboards creaking,and you can feel the shades blow in,the night we slept with,we'll never kiss like that again.Our lips, will sever, our memories, will dissipate,and our shadows will be swallowed by the sky.
Aristotle|DiMaggio's grace came to represent more than athletic skill in those years. To the men who wrote about the game, it was a talisman, a touchstone, a symbol of the limitless potential of the human individual. That an Italian immigrant, a fisherman's son, could catch fly balls the way Keats wrote poetry or Beethoven wrote sonatas was more than just a popular marvel. It was proof positive that democracy was real. On the baseball diamond, if nowhere else, America was truly a classless society. DiMaggio's grace embodied the democracy of our dreams.
Michelle Warren, He + She|Shane felt a jolt of heat, a desire that threatened to overwhelm rational thought. And perhaps for the moment that was all right.
Chris Stapleton|I travel regularly and have learnt to be very methodical as far as packing is concerned. For example, I always check the weather in advance of where I'm going to ensure that I've packed the right clothes.
Elizabeth   Brown, Determined|From the hills in the early dawn,Small, thin, mist-wreathed, she came upon him;Hair sodden to the brow,Eyes like agates,Lips apart, tongue flicking at words frozen in her head.Gliding to his feet, She caught his hand and said'come help me, mister, or she'll be dead.
Marilyn Manson|When you're taught to love everyone, to love your enemies, then what value does that place on love?
Evette Davis, Woman King|I promise to tell you everything you want, but first I want something from you in return. What do you want? Olivia asked. I want a kiss, William said. You and I, we're making a deal of sorts...a bargain that we will keep each other's secrets...
E.M. Denning, Boomerang|Eli had shone a light into my world, he'd lit up the dark corners just by existing and even if I walked away now, I knew I'd ache for him.
Arthur Schopenhauer, Parerga and Paralipomena|Philosophy ... is a science, and as such has no articles of faith; accordingly, in it nothing can be assumed as existing except what is either positively given empirically, or demonstrated through indubitable conclusions.
Ron Paul|To be wicked is never excusable, but there is some merit in knowing that you are; the most irreparable of vices is to do evil from stupidity.
Tammara Webber, Easy|Not stupid. Overly trusting, maybe, but that reflects on his lack of trustworthiness, not on your intelligence.
Katarina Bivald, The Readers of Broken Wheel Recommend|AutumnThe season between summer and winter, comprising in the Northern Hemisphereusually the months of September, October and November.A period of maturity.
Mouloud Benzadi|The death of a parent, he wrote, 'despite our preparation, indeed, despite our age, dislodges things deep in us, sets off reactions that surprise us and that may cut free memories and feelings that we had thought gone to ground long ago...
Amit Kalantri, I Love You Too|I always have many roads to travel, but I take the one which leads to you.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We are to renounce the evil influence of the world, the flesh, and the devil. There can be no parleying, bargaining, compromise, or hesitation. Christ demands total loyalty.
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|You know, there’s no pleasure like the joy of being a sexual woman. You can take your careers, your money, your houses and possessions, and you go and throw them in a 
Sarah Dessen, Dreamland|So what's your doll's name?" Boo asked me."Barbie," I said. "All their names are Barbie.""I see," she said. "Well, I'd think that would get boring, everyone having the samename."I thought about this, then said, "Okay, then her name is Sabrina.""Well, that's a very nice name," Boo said. I remember she was baking bread,kneading the doughbetween her thick fingers. "What does she do?""Do?" I said."Yes." She flipped the dough over and started in on it from the other side. "Whatdoes she do?""She goes out with Ken," I said."And what else?""She goes to parties," I said slowly. "And shopping.""Oh," Boo said, nodding."She can't work?""She doesn't have to work," I said."Why not?""Because she's Barbie.""I hate to tell you, Caitlin, but somebody has to make payments on that town houseand the Corvette,"Boo said cheerfully. "Unless Barbie has a lot of family money."I considered this while I put on Ken's pants.Boo started pushing the dough into a pan, smoothing it with her hand over the top."You know what Ithink, Caitlin?" Her voice was soft and nice, the way she always spoke to me."What?""I think your Barbie can go shopping, and go out with Ken, and also have aproductive and satisfyingcareer of her own." She opened the oven and slid in the bread pan, adjusting itsposition on the rack."But what can she do?" My mother didn't work and spent her time cleaning thehouse and going to PTA.I couldn't imagine Barbie, whose most casual outfit had sequins and go-go boots,doing s.uch things.Boo came over and plopped right down beside me. I always rememberher being on my level; she'd siton the edge of the sandbox, or lie across her bed with me and Cass as we listened tothe radio."Well," she said thoughtfully, picking up Ken and examining his perfect physique."What do you want todo when you grow up?"I remember this moment so well; I can still see Boo sitting there on the floor, cross-legged, holding myKen and watching my face as she tried to make me see that between my mother'sPTA and Boo'sstrange ways there was a middle ground that began here with my Barbie, Sab-rina,and led right to me."Well," I said abruptly, "I want to be in advertising." I have no idea where this camefrom."Advertising," Boo repeated, nodding. "Okay. Advertising it is. So Sabrina has to goto work every day,coming up with ideas for commercialsand things like that.""She works in an office," I went on. "Sometimes she has to work late.""Sure she does," Boo said. "It's hard to get ahead. Even if you're Barbie.""Because she wants to get promoted," I added. "So she can pay off the town house.And the Corvette.""Very responsible of her," Boo said."Can she be divorced?" I asked. "And famous for her commercialsand ideas?""She can be anything," Boo told me, and this is what I remember most, her freckledface so solemn, as ifshe knew she was the first to tell me. "And so can you.
Margaret George, Elizabeth I|I did not worry about what a man or woman personally believed, but the nation's official religion should be outwardly practiced by all its citizens. A religion was a political statement. Being a Calvinist, a papist, a Presbyterian, an Anglican labeled a person's philosophy on education, taxes, poor relief, and other secular things. The nation needed an accepted position on such concerns. Hence the fines for not outwardly conforming to the national church.
Victor Devlin|Listen, there is no way any true man is going to let children live around him in his home and not discipline and teach, fight and mold them until they know all he knows. His goal is to make them better than he is. Being their friend is a distant second to this.
Saidi Mdala, Know What Matters|The worst thing that can happen to you as a young person, is to refuse to grow up. You refuse to grow up when you believe that someone else must take responsibility for your life and life circumstances.
Tennessee Williams, The Glass Menagerie|Yes, I have tricks in my pocket, I have things up my sleeve. But I am the opposite of a stage magician. He gives you illusion that has the appearance of truth. I give you truth in the pleasant disguise of illusion.
Jo Victor, Romance by the Book|That was her last rational thought. She gave herself up to Cam completely, feasting on her. She couldn't get enough of her.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|It is difficult to live in and enjoy the moment when you are thinking about the past or worrying about the future. You cannot change your past, but you can ruin the present by worrying about your future. Learn from the past, plan for the future. The more you live in and enjoy the present moment, the happier you will be.
Janet Bode, Voices of Rape|Winter's last rain and a light I don't recognize through the trees and I come back in my mind to the man who made me suck his cock when I was seven, in sunlight, between boxcars. I thought I could leave him standing there in the years, half smile on his lips,small hands curled into small fists,but after he finished, he held my hand in hisas if astonished, until the houses were visiblejust beyond the railyard. He held my hand but before that he slapped me hard on the face when I would not open my mouth for him. I do not want to say his whole hips slammed into me, but they did, and a black wave washed over my brain, changing me so I could not move among my people in the old way.On my way home I stopped in the churchyard to try to find a way to stay alive. In the branches a red-wing flitted, warning me. In the rectory, Father preparedthe body and the blood for mass but God could not save me from a mouthful of cum. That afternoon some lives turned away from the light. He taught me how to move my tongue around. In his hands he held my head like a lover. Say it clearly and you make it beautiful, no matter what.
Ramana Pemmaraju|A Man of wisdom is one who discusses everything other than his achievements, a Fool speaks only of his achievements
Augusta Scattergood, Glory Be|I don't know when I'll able to knock in the door of her mind. But I believe in my love, enthusiasm and passion. Someday dream may come true.
Tijan, Logan Kade|You can't speak to him, he said, if you speak to him, if you give any sign to him at all, he will come back; he has to stop existing for you.
Lorene Collier Purcy, Get Rich Savvy Chick: How to Keep Prosperity in Your Pocketbook|You'll be enlightened about how you can alter what you think, feel and believe about money in order to "Get Rich Savvy Chick.
Michael Bassey Johnson, Master of Maxims|If you refuse to deal with time today, time will deal with you tomorrow.
Joshua Ferris, Then We Came to the End|You really love to gossip, don't you?” he asked, wishing she had brought him a glass of wine.“Yes, I suppose I do,” she answered, sounding surprised at the realization. “You think that's why I love reading novels so much?
Paul Arden, It's Not How Good You Are, It's How Good You Want To Be|It's not how good you are, it's how good you want to be.
Janet Poppendieck, Sweet Charity?: Emergency Food and the End of Entitlement|Through their donations and work for voluntary organizations, the charitable rich exert enormous influence in society. As philanthropists, they acquire status within and outside of their class. Although private wealth is the basis of the hegemony of this group, philanthropy is essential to the maintenance and perpetuation of the upper class in the United States. In this sense, nonprofit activities are the nexus of a modern power elite.
Natasha Anders, The Wingman|That's what I'm trying to do; it's like counting stars, only so much prettier.
Adam Driver|My hectic work schedule does not often permit me time to visit temples, but my conversations with God don't depend on idol worship. Inside my heart, I have developed and sustained a direct communication with Him.
J. Robert Oppenheimer|Now I am become death, the destroyer of worlds. (quoting the Bhagavad-Gita after witnessing the first Nuclear explosion.)
Sunday Adelaja|We must change our way of thinking, correct our plans and envision new ways of attaining our goals
David Ortiz|Dad's Jewish and Irish, Mom's German and Scotch. I couldn't say I was anything. My last name isn't even Downey. My dad changed his name when he wanted to get into the Army and was underage. My real name is Robert Elias. I feel like I'm still looking for a home in some way.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Soul receives from soul that knowledge, therefore not by book nor from tongue. If knowledge of mysteries come after emptiness of mind, that is illumination of heart.
Jonathan Martin, Prototype: What Happens When You Discover You're More Like Jesus Than You Think?|My world today is raw, it is a world of great vital difficulty. Because, more than a star, today I want the thick and black root of the stars, I want the source that always seems dirty, and is dirty, and that is always incomprehensible. It is with pain that I bid farewell even to the beauty of a child - I want the adult who is more primitive and ugly and drier and more difficult, and who became a child-seed that cannot be broken between the teeth.
Addison Lane, Drowning Fergus|I have not harmed her. I have not allowed harm to come to her. It's more than her lot has ever offered me, and English has seen what befalls them when they press the boot on our necks. She has survived the wages of justice through luck, mettle, and wit enough to open her eyes.English finally sees.If I'm to be ruled, may it be by those who see.
Abhijit Naskar, Rowdy Buddha: The First Sapiens|The sacred texts of human history from all over the world, can never be perceived by the rational mind as texts of historical accuracy. They can only be a glaring representation of the traditions and ideals of the people. Now, it is up to the rational mind, to analyze those texts and thereafter consume the good elements from them, while discarding the rest.
Debasish Mridha|You cannot go back and start a brand new beginning, but today is a new day and you can start a brand new thing.
Peggy Orenstein, Girls & Sex: Navigating the Complicated New Landscape|Herbenick invited me to sit in on the Human Sexuality class she was about to teach, one of the most popular courses on Indiana’s campus. She was, on that day, delivering a lecture on gender disparities in sexual satisfaction. More than one hundred fifty students were already seated in the classroom when we arrived, nearly all of them female, most dressed in sweats, their hair pulled into haphazard ponytails. They listened raptly as Herbenick explained the vastly different language young men and young women use when describing “good sex.” “Men are more likely to talk about pleasure, about orgasm,” Herbenick said. “Women talk more about absence of pain. Thirty percent of female college students say they experience pain during their sexual encounters as opposed to five percent of men.” The rates of pain among women, she added, shoot up to 70 percent when anal sex is included. Until recently, anal sex was a relatively rare practice among young adults. But as it’s become disproportionately common in porn—and the big payoff in R-rated fare such as Kingsman and The To Do List—it’s also on the rise in real life. In 1992 only 16 percent of women aged eighteen to twenty-four said they had tried anal sex. Today 20 percent of women eighteen to nineteen have, and by ages twenty to twenty-four it’s up to 40 percent. A 2014 study of heterosexuals sixteen to eighteen years old—and can we pause for a moment to consider just how young that is?—found that it was mainly boys who pushed for “fifth base,” approaching it less as a form of intimacy with a partner (who they assumed would both need to be and could be coerced into it) than a competition with other boys. Girls were expected to endure the act, which they consistently reported as painful. Both sexes blamed that discomfort on the girls themselves, for being “naïve or flawed,” unable to “relax.” Deborah Tolman has bluntly called anal “the new oral.” “Since all girls are now presumed to have oral sex in their repertoire,” she said, “anal sex is becoming the new ‘Will she do it or not?’ behavior, the new ‘Prove you love me.’” And still, she added, “girls’ sexual pleasure is not part of the equation.” According to Herbenick, the rise of anal sex places new pressures on young women to perform or else be labeled a prude. “It’s a metaphor, a symbol in one concrete behavior for the lack of education about sex, the normalization of female pain, and the way what had once been stigmatized has, over the course of a decade, become expected. If you don’t want to do it you’re suddenly not good enough, you’re frigid, you’re missing out, you’re not exploring your sexuality, you’re not adventurous.
M.A. George, Relativity|My only regret,” he gently tugged me back toward him, “would be leaving this world before naming you as my wife. If I die tomorrow, at least I’ll have that to my credit.” Wrapping his arms around my waist, he vowed, “You don’t have to be queen…but you will not fall into obscurity on a foreign world. You will bear the Omuran name, and I have to believe that will protect you.” He brought his forehead to rest against mine, adding sorrowfully, “I have to believe that our family line wasn’t meant to end with this.
Samuel Johnson|I think I am a travel junkie, and I have never enjoyed anything else in my life more than travelling and going to places.
Carl Sagan|When you swim, be a part of the sea; when you walk, be a part of the road! Integrate with the universe! See it not as a distinct entity, but as your own continuation, as your own self!
Italo Calvino, Invisible Cities|There’s a saying that all roads lead to Ankh-Morpork, greatest of Discworld c
Rachel  Thompson, Broken Pieces|I gave my heart to a man who loved me, who wanted to be with me. Who ultimately was afraid of all I offered.I didn’t understand why he sabotaged our future at the time – cheating on me, again, as we were making final plans to move in together. By the time he came over to smooth talk his way out of it, I was done. No more crying. Even my tears had given up on him. I’d already moved on, his cheating was simply the key left in the mailbox.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Preaching vs Teaching:The difference between preaching and teaching: one makes you feel good, the other makes you grow.
Deborah Garrison, A Working Girl Can't Win|Lately I can't help wanting usto be like other people.For example, if I were a smoker,you'd lift a match to the cigarettejust as I put it between my lips.It's never been like thatbetween us: none of thateasy chemistry, no quick, half automaticflares. Everything between ushad to be learned.Saturday finds me broodingbehind my book, all my fantasiesof seduction run upagainst the rocks.Tell me againwhy you don't likesex in the afternoon?No, don't tell me--I'll never understand younever understand us, America's strangestloving couple: they neverdrink a bottle of wine togetherand rarely look at each other.Into each other's eyes, I mean.
Siri Hustvedt, The Blindfold|But that's why you're upset now. Fiction is not life.''You don't believe that.''I think I do.''You know as well as I do that the line can't be drawn, that we're infected at every moment by fictions of all kinds, that it's inescapable.''Don't be a sophist,' he said. 'There is a world and it's palpable.''I don't mean that,' I said. 'I mean that it's hard really to see it, that it's all hazy with out dreams and fantasies.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|She did not date. She did not have time for men. Men were never, ever worth a great amount of energy. She was the kind of woman that looked down on what she called ‘settlers’, women who chose love and fleeting passion that turned to dull, lifeless marriages over a career and independence.
Keith R.A. DeCandido, Nevermore|I'm far from the world and I see it like a brightly lit ball in the distance. The sky behind it is mostly gray. It starts in silence, but I can see the people. Everyone is in a hurry. They're racing around the globe. They each hold a thread, like a bit of string, and it unravels, covering the planet. The buzzing starts. The buzzing gets faster and louder. They're all racing to one spot on the earth. I'm outside of it and I can see everything. I can see every person in the world racing to a single spot on the earth. The buzzing is all I can hear. It gets so I can't take it. Then I wake up.
Thomas Merton, No Man Is an Island|The man who fears to be alone will never be anything but lonely, no matter how much he may surround himself with people. But the man who learns, in solitude and recollection, to be at peace with his own loneliness, and to prefer its reality to the illusion of merely natural companionship, comes to know the invisible companionship of God. Such a one is alone with God in all places, and he alone truly enjoys the companionship of other men, because he loves them in God in Whom their presence is not tiresome, and because of Whom his own love for them can never know satiety.
Lisa Kessler, Ice Moon|Taryn? Are you all right?" I nodded, pushing away the doubt. My fingers laced with his. "I've never been swept off my feet before. Sounds a little... terrifying."	He laughed, and I drank in the sound. "Terrifying is not what I'm shooting for." He kissed me, his lips caressing mine over and over until my pulse was thrumming, warming my whole body. He stared into my eyes. "Breathless maybe...
Emma Winters, Equal Parts|She did look beautiful, holding the baby. She had managed to look beautiful holding a sick bucket. She was beautiful, in a way that had nothing to do with a perfect smile, or large breasts, or gorgeous hair, and had everything to do with her.Although the boobs and hair were a nice perk.She looked over at him, smiled that perfect smile, and for a moment he couldn’t fucking breathe.
Stefania Mattana, Into the Killer Sphere|Chase rushed after her in pursuit. The woman lost one of her high-heeled shoes and Chase took advantage of her lack of balance to tackle her. They crashed to the ground.“Why are you running from the ball, Cinderella?” he asked.
Gian Kumar|Your body is a Temple. You are what you eat. Do not eat processed food, junk foods, filth, or disease carrying food, animals, or rodents. Some people say of these foods, 'well, it tastes good'.Most of the foods today that statically cause sickness, cancer, and disease ALL TATSE GOOD; it's well seasoned and prepared poison. THIS IS WHY SO MANY PEOPLE ARE SICK; mentally, emotionally, physically, and spiritually; because of being hooked to the 'taste' of poison, instead of being hooked on the truth and to real foods that heal and provide you with good health and wellness.Respect and honor your Temple- and it will honor you.
C.S. Einfeld, Neverdark|The fairy tale, which to this day is the first tutor of children because it was once the first tutor of mankind, secretly lives on in the story. The first true storyteller is, and will continue to be, the teller of fairy tales. Whenever good counsel was at a premium, the fairy tale had it, and where the need was greatest, its aid was nearest. This need was created by myth. The fairy tale tells us of the earliest arrangements that mankind made to shake off the nightmare which myth had placed upon its chest.
Kate Nash|Feminism is not a dirty word. It does not mean you hate men, it does not mean you hate girls that have nice legs and a tan, and it does not mean you are a bitch or a dyke. It means you believe in equality.
Emraan Hashmi|I don't know the definition of a star; I am just an actor. I prefer doing hard work, as I feel luck can't do much in absence of hard work. I am a lazy person - when I entered into this industry, I thought it was a cakewalk, but I have realised it needs a lot of patience and hard work.
Henry Rollins, The First Five|I chose to share both the good and the bad parts of my story, and of my imagination, so that it might help even one person realize that there is hope. You are not alone. And it does get better. I promise you it’s worth it.
Nina D'Angelo, Nowhere to Run|In life, it is important that we act fast. If you don't act fast and act now, someone else will do exactly what you have thought of doing. Someone else would have fired while you were spending time aiming.
Arthur Bremer|We think of stars as celestial beings. And once in a while, they smile at us from the pages of 'People' magazine.
David Levithan, The Lover's Dictionary|There has to be a moment at the beginning where you wonder whether you’re in love with the person or in love with the feeling of love itself. If the moment doesn’t pass, that’s it—you’re done. And if the moment does pass, it never goes that far. It stands in the distance, ready for whenever you want it back. Sometimes it’s even there when you thought you were searching for something else, like an escape route, or your lovers’ face.
Rabia Al-Adawiyya|Mine mine mine. That was the curse and power of human beings—that what they saw and loved they had to have. They could share it with other people but only if they conceived of those people as being somehow their own. What we own is ours. What you own should also be ours. In fact, you own nothing, if we want it. Because you are nothing. We are the real people, you are only posing as people in order to try to deprive us of what God means us to have.
Debasish Mridha|You are a true success if you can trust yourself, love yourself, and be yourself.
Hesiod|I could have made money this way, and perhaps amused myself writing code. But I knew that at the end of my career, I would look back on years of building walls to divide people, and feel I had spent my life making the world a worse place.
Haldan Keffer Hartline|In 1963 and later papers, I pointed out that the special market characteristics of medical care and medical insurance could be explained by reference to differences in information among the parties involved.
Jojo Moyes, After You|No. Really. I've thought about it a lot. You learn to live with it, with them. Because they do stay with you, even if they're not living, breathing people any more. It's not the same crushing grief you felt at first, the kind that swamps you, and makes you want to cry in the wrong places and get irrationally angry with all the idiots who are still alive when the person you love is dead. It's just something you learn to accommodate. Like adapting around a whole. I don't know. It's like you become... a doughnut instead of a bun.
Oliver Markus, Sex and Crime: Oliver's Strange Journey|Nobody has ever killed themselves over a broken arm. But every day, thousands of people kill themselves because of a broken heart. Why? Because emotional pain hurts much worse than physical pain.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|It is ultimately the ebony of our pain, our blackest monuments, which lead us to seek an enlightened way of living. We are unable to hear the voice leading to our own salvation until we fall into the depths of an abbess manufactured by living a heedless life. From this state of floundering in the gloomy lagoon, we can awaken to find the light bearing the seeds of truth that will redeem us. Looking inward, we overcome stubborn resistance, and we revivify long lost and forgotten powers. The experience of soul-searching perspicacity transfigures us. We might even feel as if we died a spiritual death and then we were reborn. From our dark pit, a shaft of light emerges.
Kathleen Tessaro, The Perfume Collector|They pine for the hip, frosty girlfriend they abandoned for a pleasant if unexciting marriage to her sunnier, less mentally present sister coast.
Anita Nair|This is the world. Half of it is lit by the sun and the other half remains in darkness. It is the same with life. There is good and bad and it's our duty to remain in the light, be good.
Debasish Mridha|To find true peace, forgive those who fill your mind with hatred and instead show them the path of love.
Richard Wurmbrand, Tortured for Christ N/E|It was strictly forbidden to preach to other prisoners. It was understood that whoever was caught doing this received a severe beating. A number of us decided to pay the price for the privilege of preaching, so we accepted their [the communists' ] terms. It was a deal; we preached and they beat us. We were happy preaching. They were happy beating us, so everyone was happy.
Augustine of Hippo, Confessions|Time takes no holiday. It does not roll idly by, but through our senses works its own wonders in the mind. Time came and went from one day to the next; in its coming and its passing it brought me other hopes and other memories. [quoted in Peter Brown, Augustine of Hippo, p. 54]
Brigham Young|I have thought about it a great deal, and the more I think, the more certain I am that obedience is the gateway through which knowledge, yes, and love, too, enter the mind of the child.
Lindy Zart, Roomies|Your father...isn't good with emotions.” “Yeah. Figured that out a while ago.” Like, when I was four and cried because our family cat died and he offered to have it stuffed as a means to make me feel better. It didn't.
Brad Feld|The beauty of the Internet is there's a niche market for everything, and if you can focus on it, you can build a sustainable and viable business of it.
John Green, Paper Towns|Most of my friends were in band, and most of my free time during school was spent within twenty feet of the band room
Hrishikesh Agnihotri|The length, the depth and the strength of your relationship is determined more by your compatibility in the difficult times than by your compatibility in the better times.
Nicole Krauss, Great House|She struggled with her sadness, but tried to conceal it, to divide it into smaller and smaller parts and scatter these in places she thought no one would find them.
Maite|Once I was everything, now I'm nothing.You won't only doubt yourself, you doubt life.
J.L. Sheppard, Demon King's Desire|If you’re mad that I kissed you, I won’t apologize for that.”“No, I’m mad you stopped.” Her face flushed. “I meant,” she tried to rephrase, “I’m mad you left the way you did.
Margaret Atwood, The Year of the Flood|Glenn used to say the reason you can't really imagine yourself being dead was that as soon as you say, 'I'll be dead,' you've said the word I, and so you're still alive inside the sentence. And that's how people got the idea of the immortality of the soul - it was a consequence of grammar.
Moffat Machingura, How I Kissed Heartbreak Goodbye|It was strange what Chris was feeling within, but he didn’t mind for he was loving her.
B.F. Skinner, Walden Two|There are moments in life when it is all turned inside out--what is real becomes unreal, what is unreal becomes tangible, and all your levelheaded efforts to keep a tight ontological control are rendered silly and indulgent.
Franz Kafka, The Complete Stories|If nobody teaches us the words, the thoughts, we stay ignorant. If nobody shows a little child, two, three years old, how to look for the way, the signs of the path, the landmarks, then it gets lost in the mountain, doesn't it? And dies in the night, in the cold.
Pattie Mallette, Nowhere But Up: The Story of Justin Bieber's Mom|I watched her with the crab as she ignored all my admonitions that the poor crab just needed to be set free if he was to have any chance of surviving. And God showed up there on that beach to teach me a lesson. Nothing survives when it's being smothered. Life, real life, requires being free to move about in the great big ocean, not being cradled in little hot hands that will stifle independence and creativity. We can't keep our crabs (or our kids) in a bucket and expect them to go far in life.
Bryan Fields, Life With a Fire-Breathing Girlfriend|She could hardly believe what she was hearing. How could the man who had taken her from her home—the person she had trusted with her safety, her life, her whole future—suddenly abandon her, and expect her to fend for herself in a foreign kingdom?
Mark Simpson|Contrary to what you have been told, metrosexuality is not about flip-flops and facials, ‘man-bags’ or ‘manscara’. Or about men becoming ‘girlie’ or ‘gay’. It’s about men becoming everything. To themselves. In much the way that women have been for some time. It’s the end of the sexual division of bathroom and bedroom labour. It’s the end of sexuality as we’ve known it.
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty|It still remains unrecognised, that to bring a child into existence without a fair prospect of being able, not only to provide food for its body, but instruction and training for its mind, is a moral crime, both against the unfortunate offspring and against society; and that if the parent does not fulfil this obligation, the State ought to see it fulfilled, at the charge, as far as possible, of the parent.
George Sheehan, Running & Being: The Total Experience|The reason we race isn't so much to beat each other, he understood, but to be with each other.
Margaret Mahy, The Catalogue of the Universe|For in some ways the world was like a shopping centre, and he himself was a doubtful customer, often ineffectual, being talked into buying things he didn't want, things indeed which nobody in their right mind would want to buy.
Isabel Wilkerson|I would put our legislative and foreign policy accomplishments in our first two years against any president - with the possible exceptions of Johnson, FDR, and Lincoln - just in terms of what we've gotten done in modern history. But, you know, but when it comes to the economy, we've got a lot more work to do. And we're gonna keep on at it.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|To be happy, be yourself.
Kate Bornstein, Gender Outlaws: The Next Generation|It's the story of the City of Women; of how it came to be, how it flourished, and how it was destroyed by a reckless and irrevocable act of mercy.
John Fowles|That's the way life takes us,' Elleke once said. 'It takes us like this, then it turns us over and takes us like that.' What she didn't say was that through it all we manage to cling to something that makes sense.
René Descartes|But in my opinion, all things in nature occur mathematically.
Francis Bacon|Age appears best in four things: old wood to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust and old authors to read.
Homer|Diesel better have a big dick, that's all she was saying.
Stephen King|Lend me your wings, bird. I'll spread them and fly on the thermals.
Confucius|The hardest thing of all is to find a black cat in a dark room, especially if there is no cat.
Mary Ann Shaffer, The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society|I did not throw 'The Shepherd Boy Sings in the Valley of Humiliation' at the audience. I threw it at the elocution mistress. I meant to cast it at her feet, but I missed.
Brittainy C. Cherry, The Fire Between High & Lo|He was afraid of letting anyone know of his love, because if life had taught him anything, it was that love wasn’t a prize, it was a weapon. And he was so tired of being hurt.
Lenny Kravitz|Bounty hunters these days - because everything is so sophisticated with computers and surveillance, it doesn't have to be a one-man-army-type guy who goes in and kicks a door down.
Peter Straub, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from the 1940's Until Now|One tended to lose one’s bearings in the presence of willful and persistent acts of craziness, and the more gentle the act, the crazier it seemed, as if rage and violence, being closer to the norm, were easier to accommodate.
Viktor E. Frankl|We desire the good of the world and the happiness of the nations that the bonds of affection and unity between the sons of men should be strengthened... what harm is there in this?... these fruitless strifes, these ruinous wars shall pass away, and the 'Most Great Peace' shall come.
M. Basilea Schlink|Sinners with broken and contrite hearts have but one desire. Filled with thanksgiving, they want to love Him who loved them so much. They are so overwhelmed that He has borne their sins and carried them away. When we receive forgiveness, our hearts are so filled with joy that we cannot help but love Him with a lavish love. We cannot help but give our lives to Him who gave His life for us and set us free from the prison of sin. We cannot stop thanking Him, and so we do everything possible to bring Him joy and to bestow our gifts upon Him, serving Him with all our talents and strength. And this is what heaven is all about: centering upon Jesus and loving Him above all else.
Thomas Huxley|The woman who thinks she can choose femininity, can toy with it like the social drinker toys with wine - well, she's asking for it, asking to be undone, devoured, asking to spend her life perpetrating a new fraud, manufacturing a new fake identity, only this time it's her equality that's fake.
Alfred Korzybski, Manhood of Humanity|What is history? What is its significance for humanity? Dr. J. H. Robinson gives us a precise answer: "Man's abject dependence on the past gives rise to the continuity of history. Our convictions, opinions, prejudices, intellectual tastes; our knowledge, our methods of learning and of applying for information we owe, with slight exceptions, to the past-often to the remote past. History is an expansion of memory, and like memory it alone can explain the present and in this lies its most unmistakable value.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|You hear me, don't ever let anyone kill the spark inside you. No matter what.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|She released her grievances like handfuls of birdseed: They are there, and they are gone.
Marissa Meyer, Scarlet|But her grandmother had never suggested she could think the same of Scarlet. You'll be fine, she always said, after a skinned knee, after a broken arm, after her first youthfull heartbreak. You'll be fine, because you're strong, like me.
Paul Bowles, The Spider's House|Yes, but perhaps he did have something to do with it.” (In such arguments Stenham often found himself unexpectedly extolling the bourgeois virtues.) “If he was good himself, and worked hard—”“Never!” cried Amar, his eyes blazing. “You’re a Nazarene, a Christian. That’s why you talk that way. If you were a Moslem and said such things, you’d be killed or struck blind here, this minute. Christians have good hearts, but they don’t know anything. They think they can change what has been written. They’re afraid to die because they don’t understand what death is for. And if you’re afraid to die, then you don’t know what life is for. How can you live?
Mehmet Murat ildan|In a beautiful morning, walking barefoot to the work through the green fields with the company of the singing birds... and there you shall meet the real happiness!
Topsy Gift|Those who don't plan will end delaying their dreams, visions and goals
Jim Carrey|No one in my family was a reader of literary fiction. So, I didn't have encouragement, but I didn't have discouragement, because I don't think anybody knew what that meant.
Lorrie Moore, Like Life|Some Memories are better be destroyed.. you never know when do you fall in love with someone, and when you're kicked out.. it's life, crazy enough!
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, The Mistress of Spices|Fennel, which is the spice for Wednesdays, the day of averages, of middle-aged people. . . . Fennel . . . smelling of changes to come.
Alexander Graham Bell|Science is the search for truth, that is the effort to understand the world: it involves the rejection of bias, of dogma, of revelation, but not the rejection of morality.
T. S. Eliot|Poetry is an echo, asking a shadow to dance.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|The cord, a familiar voice said. Remember your lifeline, dummy!Suddenly there was a tug in my lower back. The current pulled at me, but it wasn't carrying me away anymore. I imagined the string in my back keeping me tied to the shore."Hold on, Seaweed Brain." It was Annabeth's voice, much clearer now. "You're not getting away from me that easily."The cord strengthened.I could see Annabeth now- standing barefoot above me on the canoe lake pier. I'd fallen out of my canoe. That was it. She was reaching out her hand to haul me up, and she was trying not to laugh. She wore her orange camp T-shirt and jeans. Her hair was tucked up in her Yankees cap, which was strange because that should have made her invisible."You are such an idiot sometimes." She smiled. "Come on. Take my hand."Memories came flooding back to me- sharper and more colorful. I stopped dissolving. My name was Percy Jackson. I reached up and took Annabeth's hand.
Marie Lu, The Midnight Star|Said the man to the sun, "How I wish you could shine your light on every day of my life!"Said the sun to the man, "But only with the rain and the night could you recognize my light."---Domaccan poem, translated by Chevalle
Elizabeth Goudge, The Scent of Water|Most of us tend to belittle all suffering except our own," said Mary. "I think it's fear. We don't want to come too near in case we're sucked in and have to share it.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Paris has history, it has art, it has wonderful architecture, it has literature, but much more important than all these, it has freedom! If a city cannot offer freedom to its dwellers, all its other beauties will be meaningless!
Jon Postel|I said it's a cold universe and I don't mean that metaphorically. If you go out into space, it's cold. It's really cold and we don't know what's up there. We happen to be in this little pocket where there's a sun. What have we got except love and each other to guard against all that isolation and loneliness?
J.M. McDermott, Straggletaggle|Basically, when it comes to women, both aging and eating are somehow shameful.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Carefully analyze the old stories that you choose to perpetually tell, for these are really life-long meditations.
Heather Babcock, Of Being Underground and Moving Backwards|Betty realized that when it came to relationships with other human beings, she would always feel alone. And yet there was this place – this small special place inside of her – a place where quiet beauty was embraced, a place where memories became fantasies and where fantasies became memories. Like a pebble, Betty could lose herself within this place, this opulent ocean, and yet even if the water were to one day reject her too, even if it were to cast her back up onto its shores, she knew that she would catch the light of the sun again.
Michael Ondaatje|Truth is inseperable from the illusory belief that from the figures of the unreal one day, in spite of all, real deliverance will come.
Eknath Easwaran, Take Your Time: How to Find Patience, Peace, and Meaning|Meditation is the basis of a life of splendid health, untiring energy, unfailing love, and abiding wisdom. It is the very foundation of that deep inner peace for which every one of us longs. No human being can ever be satisfied by money or success or prestige or anything else the world can offer. What we are really searching for is not something that satisfies us temporarily, but a permanent state of joy.
Linda Nagata, The Bohr Maker|Has it ever occurred to any of you that all this is simply one grand misunderstanding? Since you're not here to learn anything, but to be taught so you can pass these tests, knowledge has to be organized so it can be taught, and it has to be reduced to information so it can be organized do you follow that? In other words this leads you to assume that organization is an inherent property of the knowledge itself, and that disorder and chaos are simply irrelevant forces that threaten it from the outside. In fact it's exactly the opposite. Order is simply a thin, perilous condition we try to impose on the basic reality of chaos...
Carole Townsend|I don’t think I’m crazy, but then again, define crazy.
Gordon Ramsay|I want to be a dad. That's floating to the top of my list. I think it's such an important thing. I'm at the age where everyone has kids, and I ask them, 'Is it like a puppy?' And they go, 'It's 10 times a puppy.'
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|But, wherever a man goes, men will pursue and paw him with their dirty institutions, and, if they can, constrain him to belong to their desperate odd-fellow society. It is true, I might have resisted forcibly with more or less effect, might have run "amok" against society; but I preferred that society should run "amok" against me, it being the desperate party.
Heather O'Neill, Lullabies for Little Criminals|The smallest a family can be is two members, and that was Jules and me.
Francis of Assisi|Humility consists in not esteeming ourselves above other men, and in not seeking to be esteemed above them.
Martin Luther King, Jr.|Your feelings so are important to write down, to capture, and to remember because today you're heartbroken, but tomorrow you'll be in love again.
Donald Miller, Blue Like Jazz: Nonreligious Thoughts on Christian Spirituality|Writers don't make any money at all. We make about a dollar. It is terrible. But then again we don't work either. We sit around in our underwear until noon then go downstairs and make coffee, fry some eggs, read the paper, read part of a book, smell the book, wonder if perhaps we ourselves should work on our book, smell the book again, throw the book across the room because we are quite jealous that any other person wrote a book, feel terribly guilty about throwing the schmuck's book across the room because we secretly wonder if God in heaven noticed our evil jealousy, or worse, our laziness. We then lie across the couch facedown and mumble to God to forgive us because we are secretly afraid He is going to dry up all our words because we envied another man's stupid words. And for this, as I said, we are paid a dollar. We are worth so much more.
Erin Bow|No writing is wasted. Did you know that sourdough from San Francisco is leavened partly by a bacteria called lactobacillus sanfrancisensis? It is native to the soil there, and does not do well elsewhere. But any kitchen can become an ecosystem. If you bake a lot, your kitchen will become a happy home to wild yeasts, and all your bread will taste better. Even a failed loaf is not wasted. Likewise, cheese makers wash the dairy floor with whey. Tomato gardeners compost with rotten tomatoes. No writing is wasted: the words you can't put in your book can wash the floor, live in the soil, lurk around in the air. They will make the next words better.
Steve Almond, My Life in Heavy Metal: Stories|It was as if her heart was in a vise, squeezing tighter and tighter until she couldn't breathe. The worst part was she was the one who had tightened the screws.
Debasish Mridha|Be the lighthouse that bears the torment of the storm, but never forget to show the saving lights of life.
Edward Snowden|Someone asked me the other day if I believe in conspiracies. Well, sure. Here's one. It is called the political system. It is nothing if not a giant conspiracy to rob, trick and subjugate the population.
Mark Twain|Any emotion, if it is sincere, is involuntary.
Elizabeth Wurtzel, Prozac Nation|Everything's plastic, we're all going to die sooner or later, so what does it matter.
Anonymous ., The Angel Affect: The World Wide Mission|If you really want to do something, you’ll find a way. If you don’t, you’ll find an excuse.Remember if you never act, you will never know for sure and you will be left standing in the same spot forever. Making excuses takes the same amount of time as making progress!
Idries Shah, Reflections|As free as you allow others to be, such freedom you create for yourself.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Each individual is born into life as a creation from the source, and as an inhabitant and visitor to this planet.
Allen Wheelis, How People Change|Neurotic suffering indicates inner conflict. Each side of the conflict is likely to be a composite of many partial forces, each one of which has been structured into behavior, attitude, perception, value. Each component asserts itself, claims priority, insists that something else yield, accommodates. The conflict therefore is fixed, stubborn, enduring. It may be impugned and dismissed without effect, imprecations and remorse are of no avail, strenuous acts of will may be futile; it causes - yet survives and continues to cause - the most intense suffering, humiliation, rending of flesh. Such a conflict is not to be uprooted or excised. It is not an ailment, it is the patient himself. The suffering will not disappear without a change in the conflict, and a change in the conflict amounts to a change in what one is and how one lives, feels, reacts.
Colm Meaney|I suppose I look for humor in most situations because it humanizes things; it makes a character much more three-dimensional if there's some kind of humor. Not necessarily laugh-out-loud type of stuff, just a sense that there is a humorous edge to things. I do like that.
Pope John Paul II|The fact that people die because of an AK-47 is not because of the designer, but because of politics.
R. W. Patterson, Dark Night of the Soul: In the darkest of moments...a sacrifice to end a life...a rescue to save a soul.|The kingdom of God is an upside-down kingdom. It beckons us to gamble all, to trust radically, to come and die so that we might live--to give our lives away. Giving life away is a paradox. It's losing so we can win. It's giving so we can receive. It's risking for security. It's faith. The kingdom of God means living that tension.
Judy Blume, Forever . . .|That's not a bad word...hate and war are bad words, but fuck isn't.
Terry a O'Neal|I've done some stupid things I regret, but I've managed to keep my integrity. Which is important because integrity is fragile. Break it once and it's gone forever.
Frederic S. Mishkin, The Economics of Money, Banking, and Financial Markets|Modern prophets say that our economics have failed us. No! It is not our economics which have failed; it is man who has failed-man who has forgotten God. Hence no manner of economic or political readjustment can possibly save our civilization; we can be saved only by a renovation of the inner man, only by a purging of our hearts and souls; for only by seeking first the Kingdom of God and His Justice will all these other things be added unto us.
Aleksandra Ninkovic, Write like no one is reading|The less you feed the ego, the stronger you will be.
Whitney Cummings|A good wife is someone who thinks she has done everything right: raising the kids, being there for the husband, being home, trying to do it all.
Victor Manan Nyambala|Jeremias, my soul mate, I will forever love you.
Elizabeth Edwards|Frequent worshippers are also significantly more active citizens. They are more likely to belong to community organizations, especially those concerned with young people, health, arts and leisure, neighborhood and civic groups and professional associations.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Reach out, with all your heart, to your divine-dreams.
Ivo Andrić|One shouldn't be afraid of the humans. Well, I am not afraid of the humans, but of what is inhuman in them.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|I am jealous of everything whose beauty does not die. I am jealous of the portrait you have painted of me. Why should it keep what I must lose? Every moment that passes takes something from me and gives something to it. Oh, if it were only the other way! If the picture could change, and I could be always what I am now! Why did you paint it? It will mock me some day—mock me horribly!
Michael Bassey Johnson|My father told me that it is only a mad man that keeps bushy hairs. I asked him, "what about the great men with bushy hairs?". He replied, "education had made them mad, so study to be wise and sane.
Marina Abramovic|Why not invest in the future of music, instead of building fortresses to preserve its past?
Paul Celan|I still have enough faith in language to believe that if I place enough words next to each other on the page, they will start to speak with sounds of their own.
Chloe Thurlow, Katie in Love|And doesn't a writer do the same thing? Isn't she knitting together scraps of dreams? She hunts down the most vivid details and links them in sequences that will let a reader see, smell, and hear a world that seems complete in itself; she builds a stage set and painstakingly hides all the struts and wires and nail holes, then stands back and hopes whoever might come to see it will believe.
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|Despite a few exceptions, I have found that Americans are now far more willing to learn new names, just as they're far more willing to try new ethnic foods... It's like adding a few new spices to the kitchen pantry.
B.H. Liddell Hart|It may be necessary to change our brand, catch phrases, strategy, design, etc. once in awhile. It may give us competitive advantages. But a change that demands the change of the SOUL of who we're doesn't deserve to be entertained.
Lauren Handel Zander, Maybe It's You: Cut the Crap. Face Your Fears. Love Your Life.|What if the longer we don’t deal with the memories we are haunted by, the more these memories, like long-ignored cavities, become not only painfully sensitive, but require root canal?
William Zinsser, On Writing Well: The Classic Guide to Writing Nonfiction|What galled him most was the presumption of these writer types, as if there weren’t actual people in the world, with jobs to do, appointments to keep, wives to appease, but only so much material.
Christopher Hitchens|Look, people need to conform the external reality they face daily with this subjective feeling they likewise experience constantly. To do this they have two options. First, they can achieve what passes for great things. Now the external reality matches their feeling; they really are better than the rest and maybe they'll even be remembered as such. These are the ambitious people, the overachievers. These are also, however, the people who go on these abominable talk shows where they can trade their psychoses for exposure on that box, modernity's ultimate achievement. Not that this tact, being ambitious, is not the preferred course of action. The reason is it's the equivalent of sticking your neck out which we all know is dangerous. Instead many act like they have no ambition whatsoever. Their necks come back in and they're safe. Only problem is now they're at everyone else's level, which we've seen is untenable. The remedy of course is that everyone else needs to be sunk. This helps explain racism's enduring popularity. If I myself don't appear to be markedly superior to everyone else at least I'm part of the better race, country, religion et cetera. This in turn reflects well on my individual worth. There are other options, of course. For example, you can constantly bemoan others' lack of moral worth by extension elevating yourself. Think of the average person's reaction to our clients. Do these people strike you as so truly righteous that they are viscerally pained by our clients' misdeeds or are they similarly flawed people looking for anything to hang their hat on? The latter obviously, they're vermin.
Magda Alexander, Storm Ravaged|Mr. Tall, blond and delicious?” She’s a huge fan of Gabriel’s. Maybe it’s because he kissed her hand, or because he showed her nothing but courtesy during that weekend in the castle. Or maybe, just maybe, it’s because she knows I’m in love with him.
Sigmund Freud, New Introductory Lectures on Psychoanalysis|Dark, unfeeling and unloving powers determine human destiny.
Marcel Proust, In the Shadow of Young Girls in Flower|It’s scary when it’s real. When it’s not just thinking about a person, but, like, having a real live person in front of you, with, like, expectations. And wants.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|She was the storm, she was the lightning...
Drishti Bablani|We often look for kindness back  in the same place we gave it, and mostly that is where  we go wrong.  Kindness does not work that way,  you put your kind deeds into the universe and the universe  reflects back that energy  into your life, from unexpected  avenues at most appropriate  times.
Shiree McCarver|That's very rude," Myrnin said. "I haven't brought my fangs our for some time. Not in mixed company, anyway.
Samael Aun Weor, The Initiatic Path In The Arcana Of Tarot And Kabbalah|Maxim 12: A soft answer turneth away wrath. Once wrath is looking the other way, shoot it in the head.-The Seventy Maxims of Maximally Effective Mercenaries
Sangu Mandanna, The Lost Girl|She pointed to the wreckage of one of the frigates in the distance. Half the ship had landed atop one of the towers on the edge of the city, the other half on the flatland beyond. “You didn’t…do that, did you?” He shrugged with proper dramatic flair. “I did say I came to rescue you. They were in my way.
Henry Mosquera, Sleeper's Run|I don’t care what Einstein said about God not playing dice; If he exists, he’s addicted to craps.
Melina Marchetta, Finnikin of the Rock|He hesitated, remembering something Finnikin had said to him on their journey. That somehow, even in the worst of times, the tiniest fragments of good survive. It was the grip in which one held those fragments that counted.
Alexander Pushkin, Eugene Onegin|Blest who was youthful in his youth;blest who matured at the right time;who gradually the chill of lifewith years was able to withstand;who never was addicted to strange dreams;who did not shun the fahsinable rabble;who was at twenty fop or blade,and then at thirty, profitably married;who rid himself at fifty of private and of other debts;who fame, money, and rankin due course calmly gained;about whom lifelong one kept saying:N. N. is an excellent man.But it is sad to think that to no purposeyouth was given us,that we betrayed it every hour,that it duped us;that our best wishes,that our fresh dreamings,in quick succession have decayedlike leaves in putrid autumn.It is unbearable to see before oneonly of dinners a long series,to look on life as on a rite,and in the wake of the decorous crowdto go, not sharing with iteither general views, or passions.
Sapan Saxena, Unns-The Captivation|Sometimes, it’s worth living the dreams, tasks, hopes or ambitions of the people you love, however unjustifiable or stupid they may sound. Sometimes, it’s worth completing what they stood up for. That is the best gift you can give to the people you love.
Margaret Atwood, Payback: Debt and the Shadow Side of Wealth|Debt . . . . that peculiar nexus where money, narrative or story, and religious belief intersect, often with explosive force.
Henry Ward Beecher|Our love, our gratitude, our admiration for our men and women in uniform, our veterans and their families - all of that is bigger than any one party or any one election.
Bharath Mamidoju|Don't Run For Success, Practice Perfection.
Jean M. Auel|Again Creb grunted. It was the usual noncommittal comment used by men when responding to a woman. It carried only enough meaning to indicate the woman had been understood, without acknowledging too much significance in what she said.
Claire Tomalin|I have played a few times in Barcelona, including the fantastic Olympic Stadium. It's undoubtedly one of my favourite cities in terms of the people, arts, food, architecture and design.
W.H. Beck, Malcolm at Midnight|We all make choices, Cossack. Who we are in this world, what we do in it. Generous or selfish. Happy or sad. Good or evil. It's all down to choice.
Jim Jensen|waiting for happiness is never make you happy, Being happy is the key of happiness forever.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury|A pulse of surprise, of wicked delight against my mental shields, at the dark, membranous wings I knew were now poking over my shoulders. Every icy kiss of rain sent jolts of cold through me. Sensitive-so sensitive, these Illyrian wings.Lucien backed up at step. "What did you do to yourself?" I gave him a little smile. "The human girl you knew died Under the Mountain. I have no interest in spending immortality as a High Lord's pet
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|He has a sellsword's conscience, she realized then. That is to say none at all.
Marianne Williamson|As Irving Good realised in 1965, machines with superhuman intelligence could repeatedly improve their design even further, triggering what Vernor Vinge called a 'singularity.'
Isaac Bashevis Singer|Every creator painfully experiences the chasm between his inner vision and its ultimate expression. The chasm is never completely bridged. We all have the conviction, perhaps illusory, that we have much more to say than appears on the paper.
Karan Bajaj, The Seeker|Bitterness is a choice, not an option.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|A true prayer is an inventory of needs, a catalog of necessities, an exposure of secret wounds, a revelation of hidden poverty.
Toi Derricotte|Guy Boy Man," says Baby Doll15. "Violence is not the answer."I look down the hallway, steely eyed. "Then I don't like the question." Sweetie and I high five.
Fakeer Ishavardas|If your believed in book-told god is a silly sod, you too are.
Terry Pratchett|I have fallen behind time, and am too old to catch it again. Even the noise it makes a long way ahead confuses me.
Mary Kate|Finding who you are means losing yourself, and letting the Creator put you back together!
J.R. Ward, Lover Awakened|Sometimes I knew in all my mind and heart why I had done what I had done, and I welcomed the sacrifice. But there were times too when I lived in a desert and felt no joy and saw no hope and could not remember my old feelings. Then I lived by faith alone, faith without hope.What good did I get from it? I got to have love in my heart.
Raphael Zernoff|Helping OthersWhen we live our lives in happy, compassionate and constructive ways we set an example for others, which they may or may not choose to follow. There is no need for convincing anyone to what we know as good for us. Our actions always speak louder than words, as beautiful as they may be. Be yourself riding the wave of change, and you will lighten up assisting many others to do the same if this is what they prefer.
Rose Pressey, Flip That Haunted House|I’d find someone else. No distractions. Men get in the way of ambition. Plus, they laugh at you when you fail
Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep|Praise be to God I’m not good,And have the natural egotism of flowersAnd rivers following their bedPreoccupied without knowing itOnly with blooming and flowing.This is the only mission in the World,This—to exist clearly,And to know how to do it without thinking about it.)
Rob Bignell, Editor, Writing Affirmations: A Collection of Positive Messages to Inspire Writers|..here's the editor's prescription, writer: 1000 words daily until next checkup.
Azar Nafisi, Reading Lolita in Tehran|Both Yassi and I know that we have been losing our faith. We have been questioning it with every move. During the Shah's time, it was different. I felt I was in the minority and I had to guard my faith against all odds. Now that my religion is in power, I feel more helpless than ever before, and more alienated.' She wrote about how ever since she could remember, she had been told that life in the land of infidels was pure hell. She had been promised that all would be different under a just Islamic rule. Islamic rule! It was a pageant of hypocrisy and shame.
Ellen Goodman|We spend January 1st walking through our lives, room by room, drawing up a list of work to be done, cracks to be patched. Maybe this year, to balance the list, we ought to walk through the rooms of our lives...not looking for flaws, but for potential.
Brandon Sanderson, Firefight|Now it's my turn to give you advice." The tightened his grip, eliminating any doubt about whether he was as ready for this as she was. "Any time you're talking about having hot, dirty sex that makes you come so hard your whole world turns neon, the last thing you want to bring into the conversation is the word 'little'".
Mary DeTurris Poust, Cravings: A Catholic Wrestles with Food, Self-Image, and God|Taken slowly, or mindfully, even eating an orange or a bowl of soup, or a small piece of dark chocolate for that matter, can take on the flavor or prayer.
Mary Douglas|Real equality is immensely difficult to achieve, it needs continual revision and monitoring of distributions. And it does not provide buffers between members, so they are continually colliding or frustrating each other.
L V HALL|If you Fear, your Heart will decay
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Ending Syria's Occupation Of Lebanon: The U.S. Role|The blood of too many, dissolving the very stain.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|We must remember that we cannot change others, we can only change ourselves.
Akiroq Brost|When you expect nothing and receive something, it's such a nice surprise. I'm not saying to be pessimistic. Just when it comes to other people, don't hinge your happiness to expectation and outcome. Don't make it tit for tat. Don't keep score. Don't expect or demand something back. Do the best you can. Work passionately towards your dreams. Be a good person. Liberate yourself from expectation so much that when something does happen: when someone does do something nice, you can be surprised. Celebrate in that joy. It makes it all the more fun when it comes unexpectedly! Expectations in relationships suck all the gratitude and appreciation out of everything. Beyond honesty, respect and basic decency nothing need be "expected". Let it occur naturally. Go with the flow. Whatever you end up with will be more honest and real.
Rob Sheffield, Love Is a Mix Tape|I was totally clueless about social interaction, and completely scared of girls. All I knew was that music was going to make girls fall in love with me.
Roopleen|To turn your dreams into reality, all your resources, efforts and concentration should be aligned in the same direction.
Michelle Obama|One of the lessons that I grew up with was to always stay true to yourself and never let what somebody else says distract you from your goals. And so when I hear about negative and false attacks, I really don't invest any energy in them, because I know who I am.
Sergei Lukyanenko, Twilight Watch|I’m always looking for the monster. Not even just in horror. I want them in everything. Just give me the monsters. Logical conclusions don’t satisfy. Monsters satisfy, absolutely.
Nomthandazo Tsembeni|Never waste time holding grudges for people who have wronged you.Time waits for no one.Apologise when you are wrong,Express your love when you should,Forgive the ones who wronged you,And appreciate the one who makes efforts to see you smile.
NOT A BOOK|You can achieve in your life more power and wealth, health and happiness through telling you connect strongly your subconscious mind and out of the place is it required to possess this power you already have, but you need to learn how to use them.
Martin Luther King, Jr.|The most important thing about global warming is this. Whether humans are responsible for the bulk of climate change is going to be left to the scientists, but it's all of our responsibility to leave this planet in better shape for the future generations than we found it.
Jackie Stewart|Leadership is intangible, and therefore no weapon ever designed can replace it.
Paulo Coelho|If you want to control someone, all you have to do is to make them feel afraid.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|One thing I've learned is that in the midst of your darkest moments of tribulation, there is no such thing as mass friends.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Take a stand; go for the right choice. Don't just sit for anything; stand for something. Be specific because sometimes, when the meaning is not clear, there us absolutely no meaning!
Susana Martinez|My issue with campaign finance is 100 percent disclosure. Wear a suit with patches from your big contributors. Depending on the size of the contribution, that's how big the patch should be.
Marcel Dzama|Before computers, you'd start designing using shapes of cubes. Now I can start with something like a handkerchief, an object that doesn't have strong inside and outside boundaries or much closed volume.
Anna Bayes, Snug Fit|I just want mind-boggling sex tonight, but I don’t think you can beat my vibrator.
Matthew Buckley, Chickens in the Headlights|One of the secrets of life is to find joy in the journey." But Grandma, you weren't on *this* journey. It was just crazy--"Grandma held up her hand. "You have six brothers. You got to spend a whole day in the car with them. You're all healthy, well fed, happy... Someday, when you're a little older, I'll bet you'd give anything to be back in that van of yours with all of your brothers, smelly diapers and all."I mulled that over.Well what about Dad?" I pointed out. "He didn't find any joy in the journey. He was yelling at trees."Grandma sat back, "Your father and mother are masters at finding joy in the journey."I didn't understand.Grandma continued, "Do you really think your parents would have had seven kids if they couldn't find joy in the journey?... I would be willing to wager that he'll be laughing about this trip on Monday morning with his friends at work."Grandma took my hands into hers. "There are a lot of people in this life that will try to convince you that they're selling something that will bring you joy. The simple fact of the matter is that *things* don't bring you joy. You have to find joy in life experience. And if you take along somebody you love, then that journey is going to be all the more enjoyable.I can promise you right now that both good and bad things are going to happen to you in your life. Good and bad things happen to everybody. Some people are good at finding the miserable things in life, and some are good at finding the joy. No matter what happens to you, what you remember is up to you.
Marc Secchia, The Onyx Dragon|Your words were music to me tonight, but you weren't mine to listen to.
Tyra Banks|When you go through a negative situation, don't think about it. Make it positive.
John Bytheway, When Times Are Tough: 5 Scriptures That Will Help You Get Through Almost Anything|Everyone would like to have stronger faith. By themselves, the scriptures may not strengthen your faith, but being faithful to what they teach, does. In other words, faith cannot be separated from faithfulness.
Chelsea M. Cameron, My Favorite Mistake|There must be a mistake," I said. He adjusted his bag on his shoulder. "That's a creative name. What do you shorten it to? Missy?
Luis Marques|It is safer to face a strong enemy in the field of battle, than to fight a war by the side of a weak friend.
David Rakoff|I get recognized in the street really frequently, which is really shocking. I'm excruciatingly wary of any female under the age of 19. Even when some of them come up to me, they're usually very cordial, nice and polite.
Beth Revis, Across the Universe|If you never tasted a bad apple, you would not appreciate a good apple. If you were never sad, you would not know how it feels to be happy. If you never had negative thoughts, you would not learn the power of positive thinking. You have to experience life to understand life.
Mary McLeod Bethune|Thinking good thoughts is not enough, doing good deeds is not enough, seeing others follow your good examples is enough.
Bernie Siegel|I feel very blessed to have two wonderful, healthy children who keep me completely grounded, sane and throw up on my shoes just before I go to an awards show just so I know to keep it real.
Serina Hartwell|When you are genuinely preoccupied in serving others using your talent and experience, doors that you have never knocked start to open up...
Eric C. Sinoway|You cannot pursue all your goals simultaneously or satisfy all your desires at once. And it's an emotional drain to think you can. Instead, you must focus on long-term fulfillment rather than short-term success and, at various points in your life, think carefully about your priorities.
Robert W. Service|No man can be a failure if he thinks he's a success; If he thinks he is a winner, then he is.
Rick Riordan, The Hidden Oracle|Remember, when you are dead, you do not know you are dead. It is only painful for others.The same applies when you are stupid.
Taylor Swift|Leadership is all about taking people on a journey. The challenge is that most of the time, we are asking people to follow us to places we ourselves have never been.
J. N. HALM, CUSTOMER ROMANCE: A New Feel of Customer Service|I have come to realise that customers love companies that make them feel good about themselves—companies that reflect what they, the customers, believe about themselves. Customers fall in love with the company that says to them, "You are unique. You are great. We are the only ones who can make you feel that way. Fall in love with us and we will continue to make you feel great.
Brian Patten, Grinning Jack|Dreams largerthan ourselves we killed, not wantingour smallness measured against them."(poem: Having Taken the Necessary Precautions)
Bidemi Mark-Mordi|But whatever happens, I've been happy. I've been loved. I've amazed crowds and drunk in their applause. Not because of luck or favor or magic. Because of will. My will. I've been willing to do whatever it takes. That's the closest thing I have to a secret. And now it's yours."It's a lot to think about, and he can't quite digest it. But there's a spark there. Maybe she's right about him. Maybe it is up to him, how much he lets the bullet, and the fear, take over his life. Maybe. Not a curse, but a choice. His agency and no one else's.
Deborah Feldman, Unorthodox: The Scandalous Rejection of My Hasidic Roots|If my mind cannot be tied down, if my dreams cannot be diminished, then no amount of restraints can really guarantee my quiet submission.
Tennessee Williams|Despite the success cult, men are most deeply moved not by the reaching of the goal but by the grandness of the effort involved in getting there - or failing to get there.
Michka Assayas, Bono: In Conversation with Michka Assayas|There's a chasm between envy and desire. Envy is like wanting something that's not yours. But desire is different. Desire comes out of wanting what is yours, and still wanting it even if it's not yet there, but it's not envy.
Sergei Lavrov|I respect the police officers, but something you learn as a young black man in this country is that... life is a little bit different for you even though, on the surface, it seems to be the same.
Lee Myung-bak|In the World War nothing was more dreadful to witness than a chain of men starting with a battalion commander and ending with an army commander sitting in telephone boxes, improvised or actual, talking, talking, talking, in place of leading, leading, leading.
Jill Telford|Start each day asking, "How do I want others to feel?" Then act accordingly. xo
Bram Cohen|Everybody is a political person, whether you say something or you are silent. A political attitude is not whether you go to parliament; it's how you deal with your life, with your surroundings.
Debasish Mridha|Like nature, women are the creative power behind all of creation.
Christopher Morley|As far as I’m concerned, story is everything. It is why we get up in the morning and how we choose who to take to bed at night. Story is the thread that weaves together the very fabric of reality.
B.R. Ambedkar, Writings And Speeches: A Ready Reference Manual|If I find the constitution being misused, I shall be the first to burn it.
K.C. OBI|I will NEVER allow fear of the unknown to stop me from progressing forward with my life. All things are knowable. All it takes is wide open eye's, a disciplined mind and a calm heart to get anyone through the storms of life.Fear can be a tool to make you STRONGER and WISER.
C. JoyBell C.|Some of us are crèmes brûlées, unfortunately in the presence of those who would rather have corn dogs. We can try to degenerate into corn dogs to make them happy, or we can just accept the fact that we were made for Paris!
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN ME AND YOUWhen I hold a rose,I see the soft, velvety petalsand smile, becausetucked betweenthose precious petalsis a special gift -the one of a fragrance,pure and sweet.When you hold a rose,you see the thornsalong the stem,and you frownbecause those thornscan bring you painand cause you to bleed.I see the gift.You see the tragedy.More and moreI fear that one of these dayssomeone will hand me a roseand all I will seeare thorns.Talk about tragedy.
Gordon Korman, One False Note|For someone who'e smarter than a supercomputer, sometimes you're a real idiot.
Stephanie May Wilson, The Lipstick Gospel|Life with God is wilder than the wildest roller coaster ride, and safer than your childhood bedroom. It's more thrilling than the greatest adventure, and more delicious than an Italian cappuccino--if you can even believe it.
Dancolin Flamiano|Do not think that love, in order to be genuine, has to be extraordinary. Real love is simple, everyday kind of thing. A smile, a hug, an encouragement. Continuous love without effort.
William Shakespeare, Antony and Cleopatra|So you see, we are not free to choose our fate. There is a yoke to be borne and freedom is only an illusion. I am not free. God has put me here on earth for a reason.
Kyoko M., The Deadly Seven|Relying only on logic, on what can be factually established, may inform or intimidate, but it will rarely stir anyone into action or change.
Jay Woodman|Last weekend, grandad and I sat on the porch in silence at sunset.We admired the grapes hanging on the vines. Time passed and it did not matter. That moment was precious, that moment was to be cherished. That moment was a healer. That moment was rich, comfortable and words were unneeded. We had each other sitting side by side and the luxury of a moment lived in its full presence. That is all that mattered.The best things in life are really free.
Victor Lodato, Edgar and Lucy|Learning kindness late in life was a kind of torture. The pain often came from the past, form kindnesses withheld. The knife was particularly sharp when those who most deserved your kindness were long gone. And unless you wanted to die of sorrow, you had to give this unspent kindness to those you loved less.
David Platt|Sometimes, Lev, I just want to smack you.""You already hit him with a car.
Julian Casablancas|I haven't personally experienced bullying, but when I was in high school, I had a best friend who became a bully. I took a stand and took it upon myself to separate from her. I couldn't be associated with her because it wasn't the type of person I wanted to be.
Virginia Toole|Those who deserve respect are given it freely. If one must demand such a thing, he'll never truly command it.
Jerry Spinelli|Everybody has an angel hiding inside. When you die, your angel comes out. You can die, but not your angel. Your angel never dies.
Libba Bray|Somebody hits me, I'm going to hit him back. Even if it does look like he hasn't eaten in a while.
Barbara McClintock|One can state, without exaggeration, that the observation of and the search for similarities and differences are the basis of all human knowledge.
E.E. Cummings|Fate is the same for the man who holds back, the same if he fights hard.We are all held in a single honour, the brave with the weaklings.A man dies still if he has done nothing, as one who has done much.
Andrew Jackson|In the Fall of 1774 & Winter of 1775, I was one of upwards of thirty, chiefly mechanics, who formed ourselves into a committee for the purpose of watching the movements of the British soldiers, and gaining every intelligence of the movements of the Tories.
Bhaskarananda, The Essentials of Hinduism: A Comprehensive Overview of the World's Oldest Religion|What we do to others, we do to ourselves..
Leonard Michaels|Women of color have no call to trust white women until white women take a gander at the world around them, investigate, learn and annihilate ignorance founded in being white in a society where the perspective and voice presented to the general public is white.
Michael Pollan, Cooked: A Natural History of Transformation|Abignades or abegnadesA term used in te department of the Landes for the intestines of a goose cooked in its blood. Abegnades are found almost solely in the chalosse region, where they are eaten on bread fried in goose fat, with slices of lemon.
Erica Jong, Fear of Flying|I stand in the mist and cry, thinking of myself standing in the mist and crying, and wondering if I will ever be able to use this experience in a book.
Leon Trotsky|As long as human labor power, and, consequently, life itself, remain articles of sale and purchase, of exploitation and robbery, the principle of the “sacredness of human life” remains a shameful lie, uttered with the object of keeping the oppressed slaves in their chains.
Henry James, The Turn of the Screw|Make (the reader) think the evil, make him think it for himself, and you are released from weak specifications. My values are positively all blanks, save so far as an excited horror, a promoted pity, a created expertness... proceed to read into them more or less fantastic figures.
Josh McDowell|Oh, hell," Thandi muttered, her heart lower than ever. "I really blew it, didn't I?""Don't be silly," Berry scolded. "It's just your first lovers' spat. You accused of him of being an inhuman fiend, and he got a little miffed. No big deal.
Maurice Randall|To experience the unknown, developing understanding and to care, that is our purpose.
Jack London|Potential," I said, "doesn't mean a thing. You've got to do it. Almost every baby in a crib has more potential than I have.
Jerrold Yam, Scattered Vertebrae|I am thinking of our family's womenas faraway bulbs, their historywith crippling loss, and how I am pieced together, shell and sand,from the spine of their collective strength.
William Paul Young, The Shack|So no, I’m not too big on religion...and not very fond of politics or economics either...And why should I be? They are the man-created trinity of terrors that ravages the earth and deceives those I care about. What mental turmoil and anxiety does any human face that is not related to one of those three?
Lauren   James, The Loneliest Girl in the Universe|Another ship. It’s the best news I could ever have imagined. Who are they going to send? Who’s coming?I stare out of the helm window, straining my eyes against the infinite blackness, pressing my fingernails into my palms so hard they sting. I can’t see anything except the silver pinprick stars.How long until I’ll be able to see The Eternity?How long until it will be able to see me?
Ian McEwan, Atonement|And though you think the world is at your feet, it can rise up and tread on you.
Tamara Hoffa, Heart of a Soldier|Here at great expense,' [Colonel Groves] moaned to Oppenheimer, 'the government has assembled the world's largest collection of crackpots.
Hippocrates, Aphorisms|I never question God. Sometimes I say, 'Why me? Why do I have such a hard life? Why do I have this disease? Why do I have siblings who died?' But then I think and say, 'Why not me?
Toni Sorenson|No human mind can fully grasp the gift of Christ’s atonement, the vastness and inclusiveness of the act—but in the end, it comes down to just you and Jesus. You’ve come, and He’s met you with open arms—and now it’s just between the two of you.
Christopher Buecheler, The Blood That Bonds|I could kill you a thousand times over Abraham, but we would never be even. You took everything I had.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|until it is taken out of your mind, it is never lost and it is never gone
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Styxx|An idea hit me so fast I didn't pause to analyse it. I just acted. My body might be constrained, but my head and neck had just enough freedom to shift up-and kiss him.My lips met his, and I learned a few things. One was that it was possible to catch him totally by surprise. His body froze and locked up, shocked at the sudden turn of events. I also realized that he was just as good a kisser as I recalled. The last time we'd kissed had been when he was a Strigoi. There had been an eerie sexiness to that, but it didn't compare to the heat and energy of being alive. His lips were just like a remembered from out time at St. Vladimir's, both soft and hungry at the same time. Electricity spread through the rest of my body as he kissed me back. It was both comforting and exhilarating.And that was was the third thing I discovered. He was kissing me back. Maybe, just maybe, Dimitri wasn't as resolved as he claimed to be. Maybe under all that guilt and certainty that he couldn't love again, he still wanted me. I would have liked to have found out. But I didn't have the time.Instead, I punched him.
Joseph Campbell, The Hero With a Thousand Faces|There is a small wooden viewing tower, and pamphlets from the State of Ohio, but they focus on facts—for instance, the Serpent Mound is as long as four football fields—not on meaning. In The Sacred Hoop, Paula Gunn Allen, a Native poet, mythologist, and scholar, explains that Serpent Woman was one of the names of the quintessential original spirit “that pervades everything, that is capable of powerful song and radiant movement, and that moves in and out of the mind…she is both Mother and Father to all people and all creatures. She is the only creator of thought, and thought precedes creation.” In Western mythology, she might be compared to Medusa, the serpent-haired Greek goddess whose name means Knowing Woman or Protectress. She once was all-powerful—until patriarchy came along in the form of a mythic young man who chopped off her head. He was told to do this by Athena, who sprang full-blown from the mind of her father, Zeus—a goddess thought up by patriarchy and therefore motherless. There is history in what is dismissed as prehistory.
Ram Dass|At its very core, virtual reality is about being freed from the limitations of actual reality. Carrying your virtual reality with you, and being able to jump into it whenever and wherever you want, qualitatively changes the experience for the better. Experiencing mobile VR is like when you first tried a decent desktop VR experience.
Leah Braemel|You know this is wrong."It isn't a question. When he turns, White is still wrapped snug in the counterpane, motionless, just his gaze pursuing the doctor about the room. "I am wrong to do this." The doctor says it as if instructing himself. White says nothing. With a sigh, Archer sits on the edge of the bed, smoothing White's curls back from his forehead. "Do you know what we did last night?" To admit it, to speak out loud, seems in itself a terrible affront. It might be his imagination, but the doctor fancies he sees a slight lowering of black lashes, the tiniest quirk of a shy smile. He says, wearily but not without affection, "No, I don't suppose you do.
Colin S. Smith|There will be times in your life when you want to pray but feel so far from God that prayer seems impossible. The flesh will tell you that God is against you, that you have gone too far and that He is no longer interested in you. But faith defies the flesh. It contradicts Satan’s lies. It rises up against defeat, gloom, and despair and finds hope in God.
Rick Warren|If Jesus Christ was who He claimed to be, and He did die on a cross at a point of time in history, then, for all history past and all history future it is relevant because that is the very focal point for forgiveness and redemption.
Ava Gray, Skin Game|I came from Thailand for you, because Mia said she could probably get you here. I'd have come from Zimbabwe, Outer Mongolia, or a prison in Central America. In truth, I came through hell getting here....because for me that's anywhere you're not.
Sherry Thomas, Delicious|Some lovers were fortunate enough to grow old together. They’d grown old apart. She did not think him any less handsome. She only wished that she’d been there when the first line on his face had appeared, so that she could have stroked and kissed and cherished it.
Mia Couto, Sleepwalking Land|After us, there was no more world to receive anyone.
Russel M. Nelson|An ideal marriage is a true partnership between two imperfect people, each striving to complement the other, to keep the commandments, and to do the will of the Lord ["Our Sacred Duty to Honor Woman," Ensign, May 1999).
Tom Wolfe|I'm trying to write poems that involve beginning at a known place, and ending up at a slightly different place. I'm trying to take a little journey from one place to another, and it's usually from a realistic place, to a place in the imagination.
R.C. Sproul, Surprised by Suffering: The Role of Pain and Death in The Christian Life|The day of one's birth is a good day for the believer, but the day of death is the greatest day that a Christian can ever experience in this world because that is the day he goes home, the day he walks across the threshold, the day he enters the Father's house.
Kevin Hart|That's what noir feels like to me. It feels like some kind of recurring dream, with very strong archetypes operating. You know, the guilty girl being pursued, falling, all kinds of stuff that we see in our dreams all the time.
Taraji P. Henson|In the name of the United States and President Bush, I want to thank the Mexican people, President Fox and his government for their friendship.
Rumer Godden, In This House of Brede|...and as she stood on the Ashford platform waiting for the small train to come in, she seemed already separated from the people around her. Tomorrow I shall not be among you anymore; not of you but mysteriously still with you, thought Philippa. As Lady Abbess of Brede had said, "People think we renounce the world. We don't. We renounce its ways but we are still very much in it and it is very much in us.
Cassandra Clare|Magnus raised his hands above his head and clapped once. The room flooded with light. "You see? You think that would be possible without magic? "Actually," replied Simon, "It is. If you watched infomercials you'd know that.
Debasish Mridha|It is not that I am very intelligent, but I try to understand with love.
Charles Darwin, Voyage of the Beagle|If the misery of the poor be caused not by the laws of nature, but by our institutions, great is our sin.
Maya Angelou|Stepping onto a brand-new path is difficult, but not more difficult than remaining in a situation, which is not nurturing to the whole woman.
Fury Evans, Cinderelliot|He threw me off the building into the abyss with his words. Oh, the ocean was so deep, but his words were so shallow!
Linda Grant|I can never decide whether my dreams are the result of my thoughts, or my thoughts the result of my dreams.
Goitsemang Mvula|Better thinking out loud than suffocating from frustration. ("The upper lip must never tremble" )
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|When you shall have learned to know, and to love, you will still suffer. The day is born in tears. The luminous weep, if only over those in darkness.
Anaïs Nin, The Four-Chambered Heart: V3 in Nin's Continuous Novel|Now, his hair is white and he no longer understands anyone's need to love, for he has lost everything, not to love, but to his games of love; and when you love as a game, you lose everything, as he lost his home and wife, and now he clings to me, afraid of loss, afraid of solitude.
Vann Chow, Shanghai Fools|He always felt embarrassed opening gifts in front of others, having to act out delight or surprise. He liked to peel off the paper slowly and consider the contents.
Gary Hamel|The educator must believe in the potential power of his pupil, and he must employ all his art in seeking to bring his pupil to experience this power.
Nita Ambani|I'm a dreamer. I have to dream and reach for the stars, and if I miss a star then I grab a handful of clouds.
Eugene O'Neill, The Iceman Cometh|He then explained his new philosophy, which followed the devastating discovery that Love and Friendship were the veriest illusions. He explained that people married because their sexual appetite had to be satisfied and there must be somebody to manage the house. There was nothing deeper than that in any man and woman relationship.
|When you adopt the habit of focusing on the things in your life that some people would love to have or experience, you would develop the spirit of gratitude, which would then guarantee a continuous presence of happiness in your mind.
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|He's like six hundred years younger than you are. I refuse to be the moral compass of our cell! Most weekends I have an intoxispell bong attached to my mouth like a respirator. I love scatological humor, and I list 'pranks involving nuclear waste' and 'making demons eat things' as my hobbies.
Jim Butcher, Death Masks|And I envied her that she had chosen her work herself and was doing what she wanted to do. I don't suppose I had any idea what I 'wanted' and so I was chosen, not choosing. There's glory and honor in being chosen. But not much room for free will.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Will to Power|It's against reason," said Filby."What reason?" said the Time Traveller.
Julia Cameron|Art is an act of the soul, not the intellect. When we are dealing with people's dreams - their visions, really - we are in the realm of the sacred. We are involved with forces and energies larger than our own. We are engaged in a sacred transaction of which we know only a little: the shadow, not the shape.
Marie von Ebner-Eschenbach|I was an economics major, which I enjoyed because I had a good business sense.
Stephanie Witter, Six Years|She shouldn’t be this close to Cole, not alone, not even when she was pissed beyond belief. It was too dangerous, since she had yet to find a cure for I-hate-you-but-I-want-to-fuck-your-brains-out-itis.
Criss Jami, Venus in Arms|If we are creating ourselves all the time, then it is never too late to begin creating the bodies we want instead of the ones we mistakenly assume we are stuck with.
Cherríe L. Moraga|Unlike Joseph her husband, Mary is neither upright nor pious, but she is not blame for this, the blame lies with the language she speaks if not with the men who invented it, because that language has no feminine form for the words upright and pious.
Christian McKay|I am, in fact, a medical doctor; I am a world expert in mechanical heart technology; and I am an athletically fit man who takes care of his own health through diet and exercise, including frequent five mile runs.
Mark Batterson, The Circle Maker: Praying Circles Around Your Biggest Dreams and Greatest Fears|There is nothing God loves more that keeping promises, answering prayers, performing miracles, and fulfilling dreams.
Bertrand De Jouvenel, On Power|Ransack the history of revolutions, and it will be found that every fall of a regime has been presaged by a defiance which went unpunished. It is as true today as it was ten thousand years ago that a Power from which the magic virtue has gone out, falls.
Thomas Jefferson, Letters of Thomas Jefferson|Our natural, inalienable rights are now considered to be a dispensation from government, and freedom has never been so fragile, so close to slipping from our grasp as it is at this moment.
Randy Alcorn|I don't care what they say, we are only to love those who deserve our love and love them to the degree that they deserve it! You see, we are not God. Only God can love people undeserving without spoiling them. Us, on the other hand, can love someone so undeserving, and actually turn the person into someone so vile who is convinced that they were always entitled to every bit of it! Mamma mia! And what about giving? Yes, they all want us to give and expect nothing in return, they all have many scriptures to lay on our tables when it is they who are at the receiving end! But when the tables are turned and we are the ones at the receiving end, suddenly all the scriptures mean something else! And all the times they were on our end and we gave to them- suddenly are all forgotten!
Anderson Paak|It is a changing world because of the newcomers who keep arriving and who leave us behind. Trying to keep pace with them is doomed to inglorious failure, especially as the pace has quickened so much.
Banksy|It is best as one grows older to strip oneself of possessions, to shed oneself downward like a tree, to be almost wholly earth before one dies.
Yuuri Eda, 恋とは呼べない 3 [Koi to wa Yobenai 3]|Satan will tempt you with many things in life, but the most powerful is the temptation to be grateful for what you have, when it is not the best life God had to offer you.
Lia Davis|A gentleman would have announced himself!” I told him, pressing against the side of the tub. “And a scoundrel would have joined you.”-- Kit Marlowe to the witch Gillian (shortly before joining her in the tub!)
Sri Chinmoy, The Wings of Joy: Finding Your Path to Inner Peace|If you want to understand yourself,Then do not examine yourself.Just love yourself more sincerely,More soulfullyAnd more self-givingly.
Augustine of Hippo|I am no more than a child, but my Father lives for ever and I have a Protector great enough to save me.
Parachute Band|They call her love, love, love, love, love. She is love, and she is all I need.
Jalpa Williby, Chaysing Dreams|I've been thrown into a turbulent triangle, but even though I have deep feelings for Shiray doesn't mean my feelings will disappear for Melanie immediately. Fate has really dealt me a cruel hand of cards.
Octavio Paz|I like to wear dresses and skirts when I go onstage because the attitude that I have is, 'I'm so excited to introduce myself to you.' And I want to be wearing what I'd be wearing to a date or a dinner party.
Toni Sorenson|The best predictor of how much work a knowledge worker will accomplish is not the hours that he or she spends, but the days. The twelve-hour days don't accomplish any more than the eight-hour days. Overtime is a wash.
Michka Assayas, Bono: In Conversation with Michka Assayas|And in that moment I experience a revelation.I realize now that it was a painful sense that the world is purposeless, the lazy fruit of a misunderstanding, but in that moment I was able to translate what I felt only as: "God does not exist.
Kristin Cashore|I meditate, and when I do, Prince Harry appears in my subconscious and meditates with me. It's a little strange but I don't think there's anything I can do about it. Sometimes he's not the only one; the other day it was me, Prince Harry, the Dalai Lama, Mr. Rogers, Coco the gorilla, and George Clooney. We were all floating above the earth looking down at the continents as they passed. George Clooney suggested I visit Providence, Rhode Island. The Dalai Lama sighed deeply and said he'd like to visit Tibet.Poor Dalai Lama.
Herbert S. Gaskill, Foundations of Analysis: The Theory of Limits|The language of categories is affectionately known as "abstract nonsense," so named by Norman Steenrod. This term is essentially accurate and not necessarily derogatory: categories refer to "nonsense" in the sense that they are all about the "structure," and not about the "meaning," of what they represent.
Wendy Wasserstein|Anyone who is considered funny will tell you, sometimes without even your asking, that deep inside they are very serious, neurotic, introspective people.
Robert James Waller|This is why I'm here on this planet, at this time, Francesca. Not to travel or make pictures, but to love you. I know that now. I have been falling from the rim of a great, high place, somewhere back in time, for many more years than I have lived in this life. And through all of those years, I have been falling toward you.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|A pang of guilt, like a blaring siren, should never be ignored.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Failure is not the deterrent for the next try. Rather, it is information that empowers the next step.
Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey|A little girl loves her bird--Why? Because it lives and feels; because it is helpless and harmless? A toad, likewise, lives and feels, and is equally helpless and harmless; but though she would not hurt a toad, she cannot love it like the bird, with its graceful form, soft feathers, and bright, speaking eyes.
Ai Yazawa|No one's place in this world is guaranteed. Not everyone is going to get a happy ending. But life isn't about how it ends. It's about the moments between. It's about the small things. The way our loved ones laugh. The sight of a butterfly in the sunlight after a year or two in the darkness. The love and support of an old friend. They might not be with us in body, but they are with us in spirit. The feeling of something we'd thought lost to us forever returned in a single, life-changing moment. Yes, that is simple, even though it might be momentous to us as individuals. Because every day, on this planet, people are born and people die and stranger things happen. But I know my place now, and my purpose. And no matter what trial you have to endure to find that out...It's worth it.
John Steinbeck, The Moon Is Down|Lanser had been in Belgium and France twenty years before and he tried not to think what he knew—that war is treachery and hatred, the muddling of incompetent generals, the torture and killing and sickness and tiredness, until at last it is over and nothing has changed except for new weariness and new hatreds.
Ismail R. al-Faruqi|Whereas Jesus demanded of the Jews the rejection of the tribalist Jahweh whom they identified with Israel, the race, the community the political state as object of worship and desire, the Sufis, born in an atmosphere of pure monotheism, demanded what Jesus of the first century A.D. would demand if he were to relive his early life again in present-day monotheistic Christendom. This does not mean that Jesus did not demand, like the Sufis, the cleansing of the soul from the personal deities it may worship besides God, but it does mean that the main weight of his teaching centered around the Jewish preoccupation with the tribe as God.""The object and deal of Sufism is, therefore, identically the same as that of the radical self-transformation of Jesus. Both aimed at the state of consciousness in which God is the sole subject, the sole determiner and the sole object of love and devotion. The tradition of both later influenced each other and succeeded in developing the same kind of preparatory disciplines leading towards the end. Finally, both referred to the final end of these processes as 'oneness' and their reference was in each case exposed to the same dangers of misunderstanding, indeed to the same misunderstanding. The oneness of Jesus was misunderstood as unity and fusion of being, and thus gave rise to the greatest materialization of an essentially spiritual union history has ever seen. The oneness of the highest Sufi state was likewise misunderstood and gave rise to the worst crime perpetrated on account of a supremely conscious misunderstanding...The destinies of the two misunderstandings, however, were far apart. The Christian misunderstanding came to dominate the Christendom; the Muslim misunderstanding performed its bloody deed and sank away in front of the Sufi tide which overwhelmed the Muslim world. The success of Sufism in Islam was therefore the success of the Jesus' ethic, but devoid of the theological superstructures which this Christian misunderstanding had constructed concerning the oneness of Christ with God, or of men with Christ. In the Middle Ages, the intellectual disciples of Jesus were the sufis of Islam, rather than the theologians of the Council or Pope-monarchs of Christendom.
Timur Vermes, Er ist wieder da|What irritates me most of all about these morning people is their horribly good temper, as if they have been up for three hours and already conquered France. Particularly since the vast majority of them, in spite of rising so appallingly early, have performed anything but great deeds. In Berlin I have time and again met people who make no secret of the fact that their only reason for stirring at such an ungodly hour of the morning is so that they can leave the office earlier in the afternoon. I have suggested to several of these eight-hour logicians that they ought to start work at ten o'clock at night, thereby allowing them to leave at six in the morning and perhaps even arrive home before it is time to get up. Some even took this for a serious suggestion. In my opinion, only bakers need to work early in the morning.
Osho, Creativity: Unleashing the Forces Within|The whole of history is the history of murderers. If you become a murderer, fame will be very easy. You can become a prime minister, you can become a president—but these are all masks. Behind them you will find very violent people, terribly violent people hiding, smiling. Those smiles are political, diplomatic. If the mask slips, you will always see Genghis Khan, Tamerlane, Nadir Shah, Napoleon, Alexander, Hitler, hiding behind.
Mattie Stepanek|Nothing is wrong in taking medicine when you’re sick, but something is wrong if It is been taking by you to cure the headache of another.
Will Durant, The Lessons of History|In progressive societies the concentration[of wealth] may reach a point where the strength of number in the many poor rivals the strength of ability in the few rich; then the unstable equilibrium generates a critical situation, which history has diversely met by legislation redistributing wealth or by revolution distributing poverty.
Jalaluddin Rumi|Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself.
George R.R. Martin, A Feast for Crows|Freedom is not the ability to do whatever you want. Freedom is the strength of character to do what is good, true, noble, and right.
Kourtney Kardashian|I have so many pieces that once belonged to my mom and both of my grandmothers. All of these pieces are very sentimental, and I love to wear them. I also have many pieces from my father that I probably cherish the most. I love wearing his dress shirts.
John Paul Warren|The law provides expert diagnosis of our sin problem, which is absolutely essential. But the law does not provide the cure to our sin problem. Only Jesus can save us from our sin problem.
Shine Syamaladevi|1 day left, today 16 years old tomorrow 17 years old... Just one DAY!
Dada Bhagwan|Don’t calculate the world." This world is untruthful. Don’t stop to do calculation, just keep on moving.
Janet Evanovich, Hard Eight|He [Ranger] stopped in front of my parents' house, and we both looked to the door. My mother and my grandmother were standing there, watching us."I'm not sure I feel comfortable about the way your grandma looks at me," Ranger said.[Stephanie] "She wants to see you naked.""I wish you hadn't told me that, babe.""Everyone I know wants to see you naked.""And you?""Never crossed my mind." I held my breath when I said it, and I hoped God wouldn't stike me down dead for lying.
Paul Brunton, The Notebooks of Paul Brunton|Accept the long night patiently, quietly, humbly, and resignedly as intended for your true good. It is not a punishment for sin committed but an instrument of annihilating egoism.
Usha Cosmico|Kuan Yin Speaks on Reincarnation: “Beliefs are so powerful that they can create expansive or entrapping lifetimes over and over…Another life offers another opportunity, a chance to switch flavors so to speak. Taking oneself too personally, however, can cause a soul to get caught up, stuck in redundancy: in a particular (and perhaps unfortunate) flavor. In such instances, the individual is forgetting one has the ability to choose from a variety of flavors, lives!
Seth Godin, Poke the Box|The search for the purpose of life has puzzled people for thousands of years. That’s because we typically begin at the wrong starting point—ourselves. We ask self-centered questions like What do I want to be? What should I do with my life? What are my goals, my ambitions, my dreams for my future? But focusing on ourselves will never reveal our life’s purpose.
Nenia Campbell, Cloak and Dagger|This softening she sees in me isn't enough to make me affectionate, but it's just enough to render me inept. I can't give her what she wants — virtuousness — or what she needs — protection.
Christina Engela, Space Vacation|He’s dying!’ Doctor Cove, one of the ship’s two medical officers told me, looking at his med-scanner as he kneeled at the broken body of the only living Corsair on the black ship. I remember the look on his face as he told me – which seemed more to be puzzlement than actual concern. The man was a Corsair after all, and had injuries I could see, but he was conscious, and none of them looked fatal. But then, I’m no doctor. I never was any good at healing anything – and my job was doing the opposite, and I admit I’m pretty good at it. Always have been.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|And this I know: all these things that now, while we are still in the war, sink down in us like a stone, after the war shall waken again, and then shall begin the disentanglement of life and death.
Peter Mountford, The Dismal Science|At its most basic, the allure of fundamentalism, whether religious or ideological, liberal or conservative, is that it provides an appealing order to things that are actually disorderly.
Deepak Chopra|Meditation is not a way of making your mind quiet.It is a way of entering into the quiet that is already there -buried under the 50,000 thoughtsthe average person thinks every day
Sandeep Sahajpal|Those who amass wealth through wrong means not only become lesser humans in the course of amassing, but also essentially underscore that their next generations become even worse human beings.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Anyone can love a rose, but only a saint can love its thorns.
Mark Haddon, The Red House|Water purling between the rocks, weed under the surface like green hair in the wind.
Mark Twain, Autobiography of Mark Twain: Volume 1, Reader's Edition|A standing prick hath no conscience. And if that standing prick is attached to Bruce Robertson then it hath less than no conscience. You can't afford a conscience in this life, that has become a luxury for the rich and a social ball and chain for the rest of us. Even if I wanted one, which I certainly do not, I wouldn't have the faintest idea as how to go about getting one.
Ruth Ozeki, A Tale for the Time Being|Create you own singleness, your own loneliness, and know that you know this is exactly what you are doing. And feel damn right about it.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|If you are poor and go without food and clothes, don't hope for wealth in paradise, you are already forsaken
Louisa May Alcott, Little Women|Gentlemen, be courteous to the old maids, no matter how poor and plain and prim, for the only chivalry worth having is that which is the readiest to to pay deference to the old, protect the feeble, and serve womankind, regardless of rank, age, or color.
Michael J. Sullivan, Percepliquis|When you expect nothing from the world - not the light of the sun, the wet of water, nor the air to breathe - everything is a wonder and every moment a gift.
A.B. Whelan, Fields of Elysium|Oh, God … you’re so beautiful,” I said in a weak voice, my head enchanted. He smiled at me and turned to the thin, elderly lady next to him whose skin seamed with wrinkles.“She must still have a fever,” Victor said, fighting a smile, which just made him even more breathtaking.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|We have all read in scientific books, and, indeed, in all romances, the story of the man who has forgotten his name. This man walks about the streets and can see and appreciate everything; only he cannot remember who he is. Well, every man is that man in the story. Every man has forgotten who he is. One may understand the cosmos, but never the ego; the self is more distant than any star. Thou shalt love the Lord thy God; but thou shalt not know thyself. We are all under the same mental calamity; we have all forgotten our names. We have all forgotten what we really are. All that we call common sense and rationality and practicality and positivism only means that for certain dead levels of our life we forget that we have forgotten. All that we call spirit and art and ecstasy only means that for one awful instant we remember that we forgot.
Jean de Bevil|It is a joyous thing, war.  You love your comrade so much in war.  When you see that your quarrel is just, and your blood is fighting well, tears rise to your eyes. A great sweet feeling of loyalty and of pity fills your heart on seeing your friend so valiantly exposing his body.  And then your are prepared to go and live or die with him, and for love not to abandon him.  And out of that, there arises such a delectation, that he who has not experienced it is not fit to say what delight is.  Do you think that a man who does that fears death?  Not at all, for he feels so strengthened, so elated, that he does not know where he is.  Truly he is afraid of nothing.
Neil Gaiman, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|It may help to understand human affairs to be clear that most of the great triumphs and tragedies of history are caused, not by people being fundamentally good or fundamentally bad, but by people being fundamentally people.
Marina Keegan, The Opposite of Loneliness: Essays and Stories|Well, I should like to see you go to college, Anne, but if you never do, don't grow discontented about it. We make our own lives wherever we are, after all... college can only help us do it more easily.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|This is one of the many paradoxes of happiness: we seek to control our lives, but the unfamiliar and the unexpected are important sources of happiness.
Luis de León|Ninguna cosa es más propia a Dios que el amor, ni al amor hay cosa más natural que volver al que ama en las condiciones e ingenio del que es amado.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|It seems an odd idea to my students that poetry, like all art, leads us away from itself, back to the world in which we live. It furnishes the vision. It shows with intense clarity what is already there.
Brit Hume|In business, when you can meet an unmet need that is this primal, even meeting it in a superficial way can create a multi-billion-dollar business - e.g., the chat rooms in AOL when it first came out, or the lounges in Starbucks, or the billion people who are on Facebook - even though these are hardly the most intimate of life experiences.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The greater your wisdom, the shorter the distance to success.
Ronnie James Dio|Agitate! Agitate! Ought to be the motto of every reformer. Agitation is the opposite of stagnation - the one is life, the other death.
Allan Bloom|I'm attached to my land in Pantelleria as if I'd inherited it. Acting is my job, Pantelleria is my home.
Stephen King, Carrie|People don't get better, they just get smarter. When you get smarter you don't stop pulling the wings off flies, you just think of better reasons for doing it.
Santosh Kalwar|What I think is not necessarily, what I feel and what I feel is not necessarily, what I think.
L.E. Green|ON GETTING DRUNK:"Those who are Christians are to see to it that they are grateful for grace and redemption and conduct themselves modestly, moderately, and soberly, so that one does not go on living the swinish life that goes on in the filthy world...."  "...In my time it was considered a great shame among the nobility [drunkenness]. Now they are worse than the citizens and peasants;...We preach, but who stops it? Those who should stop it do it themselves; the princes even more. Therefore Germany is a land of hogs and a filthy people which debauches its body and its life. If you were going to paint it, you would have to paint a pig. "This gluttony is inundating us like an ocean....We are the laughingstock of all the other countries, who look upon us as filthy pigs;...It is possible to tolerate a little elevation, when a man takes a drink or two too much after working hard and when he is feeling low. This must be called a frolic. But to sit day and night, pouring it in and pouring it out again, is piggish. This is not a human way of living. not to say Christian, but rather a pig's life." - Martin Luther
Elliott Abrams|The fact I have an education forms my lyrical style, I'm sure. I studied the social sciences, history, stuff like that. I have an interest in politics, which maybe works its way into the songs in small, subtle ways.
Robin Sacredfire|Planet Earth has rules that can’t be broken, no matter how rich or poor you are. You either have a nine to five job, you’re an artist constantly producing art, you’re a businessman, or you stay home cleaning and taking care of children. And no matter if you’re a man or a woman, the same rule applies to you. You break it, and life breaks you.
Kumoriko|People always seem so shock and horrified when they find out some one committed suicide. They then always ask the “How?”  What I want is not the “How?” But the “Why?” And maybe then, we can prevent it.
V.E. Schwab, A Gathering of Shadows|It was so bad, it was worth more than we paid.
G.K. Chesterton|It's just because I have picked a little about mystics that I have no use for mystagogues. Real mystics don't hide mysteries, they reveal them. They set a thing up in broad daylight, and when you've seen it it's still a mystery. But the mystagogues hide a thing in darkness and secrecy, and when you find it, it's a platitude.
Oscar Wilde|If we became students of Malcolm X, we would not have young black men out there killing each other like they're killing each other now. Young black men would not be impregnating young black women at the rate going on now. We'd not have the drugs we have now, or the alcoholism.
J.R. Rim|His hand cupped her face, his thumb caressing the delicate line of her jaw. “Listen to me, Raven.” He brushed a kiss on the top of her silky head. “I know I do not deserve you. You think you are somehow less than what I am, but in truth, you are so far above me, I have no right even to reach for you.” When she stirred as if to protest, Mikhail held her tighter. “No, little one, I know this is true. I see you clearly, whereas you do not have access to my thoughts and memories. I cannot give you up. I wish I was a stronger, better man so that I could do so, but I cannot. I can only promise you that I will do everything in my power to make you happy, to provide for you everything I can possibly give you. I ask for time to learn your ways, for room to make mistakes. If you need to hear words of love”— his mouth skimmed down the side of her face to find the corner of her mouth—“ then I can say them to you in all honesty. I never believed I would have a woman of my own, a true lifemate. I have never wanted a woman for my own.” His kiss was infinitely tender, a searing, smoky flame tasting of love and longing. “You are in my heart to stay, Raven. I know better than you the differences between us. I ask only for a chance.
Edward Carpenter, The Intermediate Sex: A Study of Some Transitional Types of Men and Women|It would seem probable that the attachment of such a one is of a tender and profound character; indeed, it is possible that in this class of men we have the love sentiment in one of its most perfect forms—a form in which from the necessities of the situation the sensuous element, though present, is exquisitely subordinated to the spiritual.
Theodore Roosevelt|Genuine bravery occurs when you least expect it, and when, in fact, you're quite oblivious of it.  Sometimes heroism happens when you press on; other times when you let go.  Once in a while, it happens when you do a little dance all your own.
C.E. O'Grady|There are braying men in the world as well as braying asses; for what's loud and senseless talking and swearing, any other than braying?
Pierre Janet|Martial (the main character of LOCUS SOLUS) has a very interesting conception of literary beauty: the work must contain nothing real, no observations about the world or the mind, nothing but completely imaginary constructions. These are in themselves ideas from an extrahuman world.
Sherwood Smith, Remalna's Children|Finally someone takes me seriously enough to ask for my word of honor, and it’s a villain.
Joseph Conrad, Heart of Darkness|She walked with measured steps, draped in striped and fringed cloths, treading the earth proudly, with a slight jingle and flash of barbarous ornaments. She carried her head high; her hair was done in the shape of a helmet; she had brass leggings to the knee, brass wire gauntlets to the elbow, a crimson spot on her tawny cheek, innumerable necklaces of glass beads on her neck; bizarre things, charms, gifts of witch-men, that hung about her, glittered and trembled at every step. She must have had the value of several elephant tusks upon her. She was savage and superb, wild-eyed and magnificent; there was something ominous and stately in her deliberate progress. And in the hush that had fallen suddenly upon the whole sorrowful land, the immense wilderness, the colossal body of the pensive, as though it had been looking at the image of its own tenebrous and passionate soul.
George Lucas|Powerful people cannot afford to educate the people that they oppress, because once you are truly educated, you will not ask for power. You will take it.
Rodney Dangerfield|The score never interested me, only the game.
Theresa Sjoquist|As the wildly favorable word of mouth spread, however, the box office receipts began to soar. First, fans of musicals came. Then the ever-growing cadre of Julie Andrews devotees. Finally, those longing for a happy ending—anywhere—began to turn out in droves. At which point the oddest thing of all happened: all these fans of the movie returned to see it again. And then once more. And then once again—until the phenomenon eventually resulted in a record-setting first release run of over four and a half years.
Richard Feynman|If you thought that science was certain - well, that is just an error on your part.
Christina Engela, Demonspawn|Isn't it strange that having a dick automatically makes you a man, but having a vagina isn't enough to make me a woman?
Susan Wiggs, The Hostage|Even the most egregious captive state, bound and gagged on her damp bunk, felt eerily familiar to her. With nothing to do but lie there and think of things, she reflected that captivity took many different forms. A woman under the domination of her father or husband was as much a prisoner as a hostage on a boat. She had merely traded one form of servitude for another.
Fennel Hudson, A Meaningful Life - Fennel's Journal - No. 1|No, I don't miss you... Not in a way that one is missed.But I think of you. Sometimes.In the way that one might think of the summer sunshineOn a winter night...
Chelsea Handler, My Horizontal Life: A Collection of One-Night Stands|My mother told me that life isn't always about pleasing yourself and that sometimes you have to do things for the sole benefit of another human being. I completely agreed with her, but reminded her that that was what blow jobs were for.
Heather M. Orgeron, Boomerangers|Spence,” he says as he lifts his brown eyes to meet mine. “You still make it hard to breathe.” “And you,” I say, swallowing as I try to rein in my overeager heart, “are still the same old charmer you always were.
Susan May Warren, Take a Chance on Me|Betrayal. Lust. Secrecy. Devotion. I think we do these things to feel more alive. When the truth is that alive is alive -- you can feel it in anything, if you give it a chance.
W. H. Auden|But in the next world I shan't be doing music, with all the striving and disappointments. I shall be being it.
Oprah Winfrey|No difficulty can discourage, no obstacle dismay, no trouble dishearten the man who has acquired the art of being alive. Difficulties are but dares of fate, obstacles but hurdles to try his skill, troubles but bitter tonics to give him strength; and he rises higher and looms greater after each encounter with adversity.
Ina Garten|When I do a 30-minute meal, for instance, on Food Network, that's my food you see at the end of the show and it's not perfect. And if sometimes things break or drop or the pasta hits the wall when I'm draining it, they never stop tape. They just kind of let me go with it.
Gene Showalter|if I decide to help you, I want only two things in return. Freedom for my people" - it was what he planned to bargin for all along, and one bargain was good as any other - "and possessiom of the girl.""I'm afraid she's not on the table," Blue eyes said."Of course she isn't on the table," he said confused. "She's right in front of you.
Helen Craik, Stella of the North|But it may be asked, could a man of real honor give his hand to one woman, while his heart was in the possession of another? In most cases of a similar description this question may be easily answered: in the present one, general conclusions, drawn from received opinions, will probably prove erroneous.
Lao Tzu|He who is not contented with what he has, would not be contented with what he would like to have.
Mary Gaitskill, Don't Cry|Absolute nakedness was intrusive, confusing to the senses. Paradoxically, it both revealed and diminished identity.
Haruki Murakami, Pinball, 1973|You really pay attention to things, don’t you?” “Just with people I care about,” he said with a smile, “I think I get that from my mother. She was a really kind and giving person from what I remember, and she used to tell me, ‘Don’t just listen to people, hear them.’ I never forgot that.” “Wow,” I responded, “That’s so true. How many people really hear what we say?
Edward T. Welch|For there is no joy in continuity, in the perpetual. We desire it only because the present is empty. A person who is trying to eat money is always hungry. When someone says, "Time to stop now!" he is in a panic because he has had nothing to eat yet, and wants more and more time to go on eating money, ever hopeful of satisfaction around the corner. We do not really want continuity, but rather a present experience of total happiness. The thought of wanting such an experience to go on and on is a result of being self-conscious in the experience, and thus incompletely aware of it. So long as there is the feeling of an "I" having this experience, the moment is not all. Eternal life is realized when the last trace of difference between "I" and "now" has vanished - when there is just this "now" and nothing else.By contrast, hell or "everlasting damnation" is not the everlastingness of time going on forever, but of the unbroken circle, the continuity and frustration of going round and round in pursuit of something which can never be attained. Hell is the fatuity, the everlasting impossibility, of self-love, self-consciousness, and self-possession. It is trying to see one´s own eyes, hear one´s own ears, and kiss one´s own lips.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Nico started to crawl away, groaning. Percy wanted him to move faster and groan less. He considered throwing his wonder bread at him.
Lucian Bane, The Judgement|Every human act had a power behind it, every power had an authority, and every authority had a purpose-dirty bombs constituted by free will and amended by angelic and demonic influence unto the driving of humanity-it was very much active directing. ~RUIN Katara Aggelos
Phil Anselmo|All the people who run agencies, all the important people in agencies have taken communication courses, marketing courses, advertising courses, and courses basically teach advertising as a science, and advertising is so far from a science it isn't even funny. Advertising is an art.
John Bunyan, The Pilgrim's Progress|So he had them into the slaughter house, where was a butcher killing a sheep. And behold, the sheep was quiet and took her death patiently. Then said the Interpreter, "You must learn of this sheep to suffer, and put up wrongs without murmurings and complaints. Behold how quietly she takes her death! And without objecting she suffereth her skin to be pulled over her ears. Your King doth call you his sheep.
Maurissa Guibord, Warped|He rarely saw a doorway without advancing through it as if he owned it. Since he owned a good many doorways, he would have pointed out that this was a reasonable assumption.
S.C. Parris, A Night of Frivolity|His voice was oily and slick as it poured from his mouth like liquid acid, threatening to hook onto the woman's hair like a fishing hook and drag her back to death.
Richelle Mead|If the other person says "Fuck Off," well, then, deal. Move on.
Terry Pratchett, Moving Pictures|The whole of life is just like watching a film. Only it's as though you always get in ten minutes after the big picture has started, and no-one will tell you the plot, so you have to work it out all yourself from the clues.
Janet G Nestor, Yeshau: One Hundred Meaningful Messages for Messengers|Each person change themselves first, and then let your change act as a leader for others to make the changes they need.
A. Ashley Straker, Connected Infection|Are you a house-wife, Mrs Silvers?' he asked. 'What would you recommend for getting burger relish out of a white shirt?'The seething woman cranked the venom-level of her gaze up to eleven, and Raven smiled pleasantly back.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Some people avoid thinking deeply in public, only because they are afraid of coming across as suicidal.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|By necessity, by proclivity, and by delight, we all quote.
Liz  Newman|But we have seen how brightly light shines in the dark, how sweetly music fills the quiet. All these years you have known only shadow and silence, and we have so much to show you. To sav
Erich Fromm|For despite what some people say, love is not only a sweet falling bound to come and quickly go away.
Shakena Morgan|Flinging himself from his horse, he made, in his rage, as if he would breast the flood. Standing knee-deep in water he hurled at the faithless woman all the insults that have ever been the lot of her sex. Faithless, mutable, fickle, he called her; devil, adulteress, deceiver; and the swirling waters took his words, and tossed at his feet a broken pot and a little straw.
Sebastian Rotella|I do not like to think too much on this Africa. It is too large and too empty,” he said. “People like De Buys, they astonish me with their courage – or perhaps it is a lack in them; they cannot imagine. I think that is one way to be not afraid: in a covered wagon looking at the piece of the horizon your mind can hold, and do not suffer thoughts about endless lands and unknowable things.
Brantley Gilbert|I met Jason on a charity walk in 2001, and we got married on a friend's boat in Panama two years later. It was the perfect wedding for two people who'd already been married and who weren't teenagers.
H. Kirk Rainer, A Once and Always Father|In the depression, was I ever suicidal; or in other words, did I ever think about taking my life? I’m not sure if I ever pondered this act but, honestly, I did not care whether I lived or died; for to me, death had already taken place—and it seemed to be worse as disbelief gave way to shock…and then reality.
Flannery O'Connor|Faith is the virtue by which, clinging-to the faithfulness of God, we lean upon him, so that we may obtain what he gives to us.
Catherine Townsend-Lyon|What do you want to write? What gets your goat? What irks you to no length? If you could change the world with words, what would they be?
Debasish Mridha|When instinct speaks, listen to it. It might be the next push you need to reach greater heights.
Andy Paula|The Lord has put more hardships atop the shoulders of my neighbors — more than I can even fathom coping with. I will strive to find a way to turn pity into admiration, for what use is it to send pity back at the world. Admiration and awe are much more helpful, especially when I find myself feeling like a victim for being stuck in traffic or losing my favorite sweater. Perspective is a blessing.
Matshona Dhliwayo|You are strong because of what you overcame, brave because of what you defeated, fierce because of what you mastered, and powerful because of what you conquered.
John Kenneth Galbraith|One year, my good deed started with deciding to give all my friends makeup from a cruelty-free cosmetics line that I love. I did this with the hope that they would love it as much as I do and end up switching their makeup over to that cruelty-free line forever.
Kaitlyn Greenidge, We Love You, Charlie Freeman|Woodrow Wilson, like most other educated Americans of his time, despised mathematics, complaining that "the natural man inevitably rebels against mathematics, a mild form of torture that could only be leaned by painful process of drill.
Alyssa Mastromonaco, Who Thought This Was a Good Idea?: And Other Questions You Should Have Answers to When You Work in the White House|In his moments of pride he had said all those things, half in fun and half in earnest, and he began to wonder how he could have been so many kinds of a fool for so long without realising it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When you look into the mirror, you can’t even see your heart; but when God looks at your shadow, He sees your soul.
Saisho Hiroshi|Zen is not some fancy, special art of living. Our teaching is just to live, always in reality, in its exact sense. To make our effort, moment after moment, is our way. In an exact sense, the only thing we actually can study in our life is that on which we are working in each moment. We cannot even study Buddha’s words.”-“So we should be concentrated with our full mind and body on what we do; and we should be faithful, subjectively and objectively, to ourselves, and especially to our feelings. Even when you do not feel so well, it is better to express how you feel without any particular attachment or intention. So you may say, “Oh, I am sorry, I do not feel well.
Milan Kundera, The Book of Laughter and Forgetting|When Don Quixote went out into the world, that world turned into a mystery before his eyes. That is the legacy of the first European novel to the entire subsequent history of the novel. The novel teaches us to comprehend the world as a question. There is wisdom and tolerance in that attitude.
Jayesh Varma|Education is not only learning the information, but it is also about gaining experience to unlock the door to wisdom.
Scott Bourne, Essays on Inspiration, Creativity & Vision in Photography|There are too many images, too many cameras now. We’re all being watched. It gets sillier and sillier. As if all action is meaningful. Nothing is really all that special. It’s just life. If all moments are recorded, then nothing is beautiful and maybe photography isn’t an art anymore. Maybe it never was
Gemma Arterton|There is no planning. On the night it is really great, it's euphoria and if it is not so great there is always tomorrow night. That was his attitude.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|Your life-blood is humanism. If it flows pure and clear, everything would happen nicely in the world - every defect in the society shall be healed.
Israelmore Ayivor|Joy is meant to be felt; its not meant to be detained. It is meant to be shared with others; not to be felt alone. When all the mouths smile out their teeth together, thats when the greatest happiness can be measured. You don't smile in order to see your friends cry and claim your joy is divine.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Christmas: Soulfully Inspiring You in the Days Leading Up to Christmas and Beyond!|Celebrate Christmas in your own way, among those you love and even if - you are alone.
Alice Walker|It's a struggle but that's why we exist, so that another generation of Lesbians of color will not have to invent themselves, or their history, all over again.
Brodi Ashton|So he earns your undying love by reading a book under a tree?" Cole said dryly. "Why didn't I ever try that approach? I like books and trees.
John Hope Franklin|[The South's] obsession was to maintain a government, an economy, an arrangement of the sexes, a relationship of the races, and a social system that had never existed...except in the fertile imagination of those who would not confront either the reality that existed or the change that would bring them closer to reality.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|Our first impressions are generated by our experiences and our environment, which means that we can change our first impressions . . . by changing the experiences that comprise those impressions.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons, Oxygen & Nanak|I am pain-stricken to say, since the moment I was born, I have found nothing extraordinary in this ancient land of greatness to be exceptionally proud of. I am not a proud Indian. India at its present condition has given me no reason to feel proud.However, I do feel proud of the ancient Indians, just like I feel proud of the ancient Greeks, the Mayans, the ancient Egyptians, the Babylonians and so on. Scientists are beyond borders, just like the ancient scientists of India, whom you prefer to call as sages.
Val Uchendu|Laugh to be refreshed, discover to be surprised, accept and celebrate differences to be happy
Martin H. Fischer|There will always be men struggling to change, and there will always be those who are controlled by the past.
Alberto Manguel, A Reading Diary: A Passionate Reader's Reflections on a Year of Books|Maybe this is why we read, and why in moments of darkness we return to books: to find words for what we already know.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|Right now, all white people are either wearing or coveting a pair of Ray-Ban Wayfarer sunglasses. These sunglasses are so popular now that you cannot swing a canvas bag at a farmer's market without hitting a pair. In fact, at outdoor gatherings you should count the number of Wayfarers so you can determine exactly how white the event is. If you see no Wayfarers you are either at a country music concert or you are indoors.
Toni Morrison, Song of Solomon|Rebuffed from his fine feelings, Milkman matched her cold tone. "You loved those white folks that much?""Love?" she asked. "Love?""Well, what are you taking care of their dogs for?""Do you know why she killed herself? She couldn't stand to see the place go to ruin. She couldn't live without servants and money and what it could buy. Every cent was gone and the taxes took whatever came in. She had to let the upstairs maids go, then the cook, then the dog trainer, then the yardman, then the chauffeur, then the car, then the woman who washed once a week. Then she started selling bits and pieces––land, jewels, furniture. The last few years we ate out of the garden. Finally she couldn't take it anymore. The thought of having no help, no money––well, she couldn't take that. She had to let everything go.""But she didn't let you go." Milkman had no trouble letting his words snarl."No, she didn't let me go. She killed herself.""And you still l
Faydra D. Fields|When you start with an insult and end with a compliment, most people only remember where you started.
Garrett Hedlund|When I grew up we had gym at school, two or three dance classes after school, ice skating lessons, and all sorts of sports at our finger tips. We weren't glued to computers because they didn't exist, so being active was all we knew.
Lisa Schroeder, Chasing Brooklyn|See that's exactly why I don't want a dog." "Why?" "Because it'll just die." "Everybody dies, Brooklyn." Like that makes it okay or something.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|Be fanatically positive and militantly optimistic. If something is not to your liking, change your liking.
Sivaprakash Sidhu|When Douglas walked, his mind ran, when he ran, his mind walked.
Susan Block, The Bonobo Way|I loved the zebras, the cheetahs, the fruit flies, the octopi and the rest. But The Nature of Sex “climaxed” with a species I’d never heard of before, “bonobos,” which the narrator also called by their Latin/scientific name Pan paniscus. I knew “Pan” as classical Greek mythology’s horned and horny god of the wild, so maybe I shouldn’t have been surprised. But when the bonobos started swinging onto my screen, well… what can I say? Today, I’ve got a whole book’s worth of stuff to say, but back then, I couldn’t utter a word. Imagine looking into an evolutionary funhouse mirror and seeing a side of yourself you’ve never seen before, shocking yet deeply familiar. “Who are these vibrant, joyful creatures that look so much like me, only hairier?” I wondered. “And what’s with all the sex?” They weren’t just going at it for procreation. They were engaging in sex for recreation and interpersonal communication, very much like humans, but without the pretense, hypocrisy and shame. I got very excited, but no, I still didn’t want to have sex with them. I wanted to have sex like them (at least occasionally), in that playful yet deeply meaningful way of theirs I started calling the Bonobo Way. But would it keep our sex life out of the dreaded sinkhole? Only time would tell.
Matt Tomerlin, The Devil's Fire|Her hair was matted to her head, glistening dark red, like wine through a murky bottle. Her torn shirt hung loose, a breast carelessly exposed, and her breeches were taut against the lean muscles of her legs. She treaded through the waves, never swaying in the current, until she stood before him, face concealed in shadow. “You swim faster with one arm than I with two,” she said.Nathan laughed. “You frightened me.
Bill Buford|The summer before my third year of law school, I worked at a law firm in Washington, D.C. I turned 25 that July, and on my birthday, my father happened to be playing in a local jazz club called Pigfoot and invited me to join him. I hadn't spent a birthday with him since I was 3, but I agreed.
John O'Donohue|I try to be grateful for the abundance of the blessings that I have, for the journey that I'm on and to relish each day as a gift.
Patrick Henry|It's my view that gender is culturally formed, but it's also a domain of agency or freedom and that it is most important to resist the violence that is imposed by ideal gender norms, especially against those who are gender different, who are nonconforming in their gender presentation.
Kip Winger|Sooner or later, we sell out for money.
Lailah Gifty Akita|When we turned to God, He will heal us, then we shall be happy.
Sarah Blakley-Cartwright, Red Riding Hood|Theory is relevant to you because it shows you a new, simpler, and more elegant side of computers, which we normally consider to be complicated machines. The best computer designs and applications are conceived with elegance in mind. A theoretical course can heighten your aesthetic sense and help you build more beautiful systems.
Brian Froud, Brian Froud’s World of Faerie|Perhaps all women are part faerie, for what woman can deny her faerie blood when the portals to her own land are open; when the full moon sings its insistent song; when sorrow and passion and rage pulse through her body at moon times. This is why women are the chosen ones of Faerie, pat of the vibrant, fluid, emotional soul of the world…
Jonas Eriksson, Everyday Psychopaths|But show business has always been like that - any kind of show business. If these people didn't live intense and rather disordered lives, if their emotions didn't ride them too hard—well, they wouldn't be able to catch those emotions in flight and imprint them on a few feet of celluloid or project them across the footlights.
James K.A. Smith, Who's Afraid of Postmodernism?: Taking Derrida, Lyotard, and Foucault to Church|Sin is too great an evil for man to meddle with. His attempts to remove it do but increase it, and his endeavours to approach God in spite of it aggravate his guilt.
Jill Bolte Taylor, My Stroke of Insight: A Brain Scientist's Personal Journey|The healthiest way I know how to move through an emotion effectively is to surrender completely to that emotion when its loop of physiology comes over me. I simply resign to the loop and let it run its course for 90 seconds. Just like children, emotions heal when they are heard and validated. Over time, the intensity and frequency of these circuits usually abate. ...Paying attention to which array of circuits we are concurrently running provides us with tremendous insight into how our minds are fundamentally wired...
Hanif Kureishi, The Last Word|Apparently, now, though, we writers and artists are not allowed to give offence. We must not question, criticise or insult the other, for fear of being hounded and murdered. These days a writer without bodyguards can hardly be considered serious. A bad review is the least of our problems.
A.A. Milne, The House at Pooh Corner|It 'appens to be true. An' if'n yew want ter stay moi friend, yew'd best 'old yer turpitudinous twaddle of a tongue an' listen fer once.
Mensah Oteh|If you had all the time in the world but your knowledge, wisdom and understanding remained unchanged, your life would remain the same.
John Halstead, Godless Paganism: Voices of Non-Theistic Pagans|We can think of dissociation as psychological disconnection from one or more of three major spheres of experience: (a) the here and now, i.e., orientation to time and place; (b) other people, i.e., interpersonal communion; and (c) one’s own subjective experience, e.g., visceral sensation, physical pain, affect, or sense of identity. The various manifestations of pathological dissociation e.g., amnesia, depersonalization, identity fragmentation–can be understood as manifestations of these dimensions of disconnection.
RVM|Don’t just GO through life, GROW through it. For Life comes to you only once, never to return! Climb the Ladder of Life, step by step.-RVM
John Steinbeck, A Russian Journal|In nothing is the difference between the Americans and the Soviets so marked as in the attitude, not only toward writers, but of writers toward their system. For in the Soviet Union the writer's job is to encourage, to celebrate, to explain, and in every way to carry forward the Soviet system. Whereas in America, and in England, a good writer is the watch-dog of society. His job is to satirize its silliness, to attack its injustices, to stigmatize its faults. And this is the reason that in America neither society nor government is very fond of writers. The two are completely opposite approaches toward literature.
Busy Philipps|I'm on a strict gossip diet. No gossip websites, no gossip magazines. Otherwise, I find it paralyzing to exist.
Sanjo Jendayi|I thought about how, at twenty-six, I shouldn’t have to floss yet, who wants to be bothered! I didn’t even have the energy left over for flossing. I mean, how many things was I supposed to do? Flossing should only be done by people in their forties.
Leigh Hershkovich|The next time that something seemingly bad happens to you, look for the divine in it. Look for the soul in the mundane, every day occurrences of your life. Look for the spark, look for the light.
Katherine Boo|She was simply Asha, a woman on her own. Had the situation been otherwise, she might not have come to know her own brain.
Malcolm Gladwell|The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases is an institute of the National Institutes of Health that is responsible predominantly for basic and clinical research in the diagnosis, treatment and prevention of immunologic and infectious diseases.
Robert Vaughn|It is a true proverb, that if you live with a lame man, you will learn to limp.
Rene Daumal|In my own words, I played some significant part in changing the social-sexual values of our time. I had a lot of fun in the process.
Shel Silverstein|Some people like me, some don't. I don't understand, Where the difference comes from. My heart like them all. For a simple childish reason. We all are created equal, we all are humans.
Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out|Ragamuffins are simple, direct and honest. Their speech is unaffected. They are slow to claim, "God told me..." As they make their way through the world, they bear wordless, prophetic witness.
Golda Poretsky|Beauty shouldn’t be about changing yourself to achieve an ideal or be more socially acceptable. Real beauty, the interesting, truly pleasing kind, is about honoring the beauty within you and without you. It’s about knowing that someone else’s definition of pretty has no hold over you.
Robert Byrne, The 2,548 Best Things Anybody Ever Said|To err is human, to purr is feline.
Aaron Carter|There are people who appear in the magazines and I don't know who they are. I've never seen anything they've done and their careers are over already. They're famous for maybe 10 minutes. Real careers, I think, take a long time to unfold.
Arthur Golden|At that moment, beauty itself struck me as a kind of painful melancholy.
Esther Dalseno, Drown|Thus the little mermaid learned her world’s greatest paradox: that their currency was beauty, and their coin was body parts.
Tiziano Terzani, A Fortune-Teller Told Me: Earthbound Travels in the Far East|Every place is a goldmine. You have only to give yourself time, sit in a teahouse watching the passers-by, stand in a corner of the market, go for a haircut. You pick up a thread – a word, a meeting, a friend of a friend of someone you have just met – and soon the most insipid, most insignificant place becomes a mirror of the world, a window on life, a theatre of humanity.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Accept the past as the past and realize that each new day you are a new person who doesn’t need to carry old baggage into the new day with you. It’s amazing how many people ruin the beauty of today with the sorrows of yesterday. Yesterday doesn’t exist anymore! For example, if ever I feel foolish or guilty about something I’ve done, I learn from it and attempt to do better the next time. Shame or guilt serves no one. Such feelings actually keep us down, often lowering the vibrations of those around us, as well. Living in the present moment is the recurring baptism of the soul, forever purifying every new day with a new you.
Roy E. Disney|It is better to lead from behind and to put others in front, especially when you celebrate victory when nice things occur. You take the front line when there is danger. Then people will appreciate your leadership.
Sebastian Coe|If people who cherish freedom, who know the importance of mutual respect and are aware of the imperative necessity to establish a constructive and critical debate, if these people are not ready to speak out, to be more committed and visible, then we can expect sad, painful tomorrows. The choice is ours.
Gabriella Kortsch, Rewiring the Soul: Finding the Possible Self: How Your Connection to Yourself Can Make All the Difference|When you have developed a relationship with yourself, you can begin to take on the world.
Laura Kreitzer, Keepers|Joseph, you’re out of clean towels.” Lucia poked her head into the living room, the rest of her hidden behind the wall. Her red hair dripped water onto my wooden floors.“She’s in the buff.” Jenna guffawed. Gabriella rolled her eyes, beaming.I rose. “Go back to the bathroom. I’ll bring you a towel,” I ordered Lucia. She disappeared down the hall.“You have naked angels running around your house,” Jenna continued through her laughter. Gabby laughed louder.
Lewis Hallam|On the whole, when I travel to different countries, I like to find the hidden places, so I tend to avoid the cities - but in terms of the ease of getting about, finding what you need, the excitement, that undercurrent of whatever you want it to be, it's got to be London.
Caesar J. B. Squitti, The Jesus Christ Code: The Light: The Rainbow of Truths|In Jupiter, there are Earth-Size storms; and in Earth, there are Jupiter-Size lies!
Sunday Adelaja|Life demands something else, discomfort and pain.
Cherise Sinclair, My Liege of Dark Haven|Talk about insanity. Being attracted to deVries was like a month saying, "Hey, let's go check out that awesome bonfire".
Jandy Nelson, The Sky Is Everywhere|There are people everywhere standing in line at the movies, buying curtains, walking dogs, while inside, their hearts are ripping to shreds.
Aldous Huxley, After Many a Summer Dies the Swan|But then every man is ludicrous if you look at him from outside, without taking into account what’s going on in his heart and mind.
Enrique Pena Nieto|I don't think leadership demands 'yes' or 'no' answers; I think leadership is providing the forum for making the right decision, which doesn't demand unanimity.
Christopher Hitchens|Have you a room that you could let?""Yes, I have a room that I could let, but I do not want to let it. I have only two rooms, and there are six of us already, and the boys and girls are growing up. But school books cost money, and my husband is ailing, and when he is well it is only thirty-five shillings a week. And six shillings of that is for the rent, and three shillings of that is for the rent, and three shillings for travelling, and a shilling that we may all be buried decently, and a shilling for the books, and three shillings is for clothes and that is little enough, and a shilling for my husband's beer, and a shilling for his tobacco, and these I do not grudge for he is a decent man and does not gamble or spend his money on other women, and a shilling for the Church, and a shilling for sickness. And that leaves seventeen shillings for food for six, and we are always hungry. Yes I have a room but I do not want to let it. How much could you pay?""I could pay three shillings a week for the room.""And I would not take it.""Three shillings and sixpence.""Three shillings and sixpence. You can't fill your stomach on privacy. You need privacy when your children are growing up, but you can't fill your stomach on it. Yes, I shall take three shillings and sixpence.
Carlos Ghosn|Design is important, it's an important dimension in the car. It's not the only one.
Albert Camus, A Happy Death|The world always says the same thing. And in that patient truth which proceeds from star to star is established a freedom that releases us from ourselves and from others, as in that other patient truth which proceeds from death to death.
Elyse M. Fitzpatrick, Comforts from Romans: Celebrating the Gospel One Day at a Time|We will find it increasingly difficult to believe that we've been set free from sin, from the law's power to condemn, and that God's smile is resting upon us if we continually give ourselves over to what we know we should avoid. Sin strips our faith, and it leads to ultimate deadness in our lives.
Jerry Bridges, The Pursuit of Holiness|Hubris calls for nemesis, and in one form or another it's going to get it, not as a punishment from outside but as the completion of a pattern already started.
Charisse Montgomery, Home Care CEO: A Parent's Guide to Managing In-home Pediatric Nursing|I fear that this is what long term relationships are all about, at base: full-time role-playing, memorized and inhabited.
Alexandra Ripley|Charlestonians had a particularly vicious and cunning game, developed after the War. They treated outsiders with so much graciousness and consideration that their politeness became a weapon. 'Visitors end up feeling as if they're wearing shoes for the first time in their lives. It's said that only the strongest ever recover from the experience. The Chinese never developed a torture to match it, although they're a very subtle people.
Jose Incer, Mastering Success: The Key to Self Empowerment and Higher Consciousness|It is our Spiritual nature to understand, accept and allow our human nature.
Al Sarrantonio, 13 Horrors of Halloween|I might go anywhere and do any magic I pleased if I were Peter, not Prunella.
Immanuel Kant, Critique of Judgment|It is the same principle as washing dirty clothes - the more you clean the dirt away, the more it goes back to its original state. A piece of paper, which has been scribbled on, gets cleaner the more the scribbling is erased. Enlightenment is the same as knowing the true state of the paper once it is clean.
R. Y.S. Perez, I Hope You Fall in Love: Poetry Collection|It is funny how when you have been hurt in love and you fall in love again, every reason you have for loving that person is both enough and not, all at once.
Radiohead|If I could be who you wanted, all the time
Stendhal|I respect only those who resist me, but I cannot tolerate them.
Eloisa James, When Beauty Tamed the Beast|I love you," he said, his voice catching. "When I thought you were going to die, I wanted to die.
Bidemi Mark-Mordi|Grace doesn’t give me a free pass to act out how I feel, with no regard to His commands. Rather, His grace gives me consolation in the moment, with a challenge to learn from this situation and become more mature in the future.
Margaret Cavendish|Women's Tongues are as sharp as two-edged Swords, and wound as much, when they are anger'd.
|You were born to conquer and triumph in all circumstances, because anyone who has a strong faith in God always finds a way to conquer every battle.
Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps|I thought that if I owned nothing, had nothing, was nothing, I would have nothing left to lose, and I wouldn't be scared anymore. Because my whole life I’ve been so damn scared. Scared to live because I was scared to die. But at the same I was so scared of living, so I wanted to die. Or maybe so scared of dying that I refused to live. You don't have to be afraid to fall, when you're already on the ground. You don't have to be scared to lose someone, when there's no one around to lose.
Heber J. Grant|My musical knowledge is so bad it's embarrassing. When composers discuss music with someone as primitive as myself, they have to talk about it in terms of senses and emotion, rather than keys and tempo.
Edgar Rice Burroughs|He longed for the little cabin and the sun-kissed sea - for the cool interior of the well-built house, and for the never-ending wonders of the many books.
Martha Heller, Be the Business: CIOs in the New Eras of IT|Strategies that did well in competition with other strategies were not, however, those that maximized the returns to agents. Rather, we found a strong inverse relationship between the mean fitness of individuals in populations containing only one strategy, and that strategy's performance in the tournament. This finding illustrates the parasitic effect of strategies that rely heavily on OBSERVE. Strategies using a mixture of social and asocial learning are vulnerable to being outcompeted by those using social learning alone, which may result in a population with lower average returns. These findings are evocative of an established rule in ecology; this specifies that, among competitors for a scarce resource, the dominant competitor will be the species that can persist at the lowest resource level. An equivalent rule may apply when alternative social learning strategies compete: the strategies that eventually dominates will be the one that can persist with the lowest frequency of asocial learning.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|In order to free ourselves from our assumptions about love, we must ask ourselves what long-held, often buried assumptions are and then face them, which takes courage, humility, and kindness.
Ariana Grande|After my mom died, there was so much written about her fashion and her style and all that, and I felt that one of the most important parts of her was missing, her real intellectual curiosity.
Eraldo Banovac|When I turn down the volume, it's amazing how much I can actually hear.
Friedrich Nietzsche|It is not the strength, but the duration, of great sentiments that makes great men.
Nicholas Sparks, The Last Song|Never forget that God is your friend. And like all friends, He longs to hear what's been happening in your life. Good or bad, whether it's been full of sorrow or anger, or even when you're questioning why terrible things have to happen.
Ricky Williams|I fear some of our leaders today have lost the courage to stand up. What we have now are politicians. They won't offer real plans, and only stand up when they want to blame someone else.
Paul Tillich|We've let the blade of our innocence dull over time, and it's only in innocence that you find any kind of magic, any kind of courage.
Krishna Menon|The ones who do not believe, Dr.Mukherjee, think like me; just because we don’t know about it, doesn’t mean it didn’t happen.
George MacDonald|One of my greatest difficulties in consenting to think of religion was that I thought I should have to give up my beautiful thoughts and my love for the things God has made. But I find that the happiness springing from all things not in themselves sinful is much increased by religion. God is the God of the Beautiful—Religion is the love of the Beautiful, and Heaven is the Home of the Beautiful—-Nature is tenfold brighter in the Sun of Righteousness, and my love of Nature is more intense since I became a Christian—-if indeed I am one. God has not given me such thoughts and forbidden me to enjoy them.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|A little thing, like children putting flowers in my hair, can fill up the widening cracks in my self-assurance like soothing lanolin.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|If I must start somewhere, right here and now is the best place imaginable.
Taylor Swift, Taylor Swift|These days, I've been trying to classify my thoughts into two categories: "Things I can change," and "Things I can't." It seems to help me sort through what to really stress about. But there I go again, over-planning and over-organizing my over-thinking! I write songs about my adventures and misadventures, most of which concern love. Love is a tricky business. But if it wasn't, I wouldn't be so enthralled with it. Lately I've come to a wonderful realization that makes me even more fascinated by it: I have no idea what I'm doing when it comes to love. No one does! There's no pattern to it, except that it happens to all of us, of course. I can't plan for it. I can't predict how it'll end up. Because love is unpredictable and it's frustrating and it's tragic and it's beautiful. And even though there's no way to feel like I'm an expert at it, it's worth writing songs about -- more than anything else I've ever experienced in my life.
Ha-Joon Chang, Economics: The User's Guide|We're sorry. It's not us. It's the monster. The bank isn't a man. The bank isn't like a man.Yes, but the bank is only made of men.
Katie Reus, Hunter Reborn|Sweetheart, I'll lift my kilt and show you what I've got between my thighs and if you still think it's lit(tle) ---
Katie McGarry, Pushing the Limits|I've got you. I swear to God, I've got you," said Noah. "Stay with me, Echo."I wanted to. I wanted to stay with him, but the shouting and screams and glass breaking in my mind grew louder. "Make it stop."He tightened his grip on my arms. "Fight, Echo! You've got to fucking fight. Come on, baby. You're safe.
Antonio Tabucchi, Requiem: A Hallucination|He never once repeated himself and he never used either profanity or obscenity. (I learned later that he saved those for very special occasions, which this wasn’t.) But he described our shortcomings, physical, mental, moral, and genetic, in great and insulting detail.But somehow I was not insulted; I became greatly interested in studying his command of language. I wished that we had had him on our debate team.
Zelda Fitzgerald, Save Me the Waltz|I didn't want to kill them all. I didn't want to kill anybody! I'm not a killer! You didn't want me, you bastards, you wanted Peter, but you made me do it, you tricked me into it!
Osho, Zen: The Path of Paradox|We always look for everything in the immediate proximity, that is a mistake.
Alexandra Engellmann, Sky Ghosts: All for One|If he just had the decency to die silently yesterday, not squeal like a girl, I’d be free right now. Probably even doing some real job,” she sneered.
Emmuska Orczy|New hope, new adventure.
Israelmore Ayivor|The fact that people are in positions does not justify the means that they are leaders. A leader can be blind and to know this, check his sense of vision.
David Morrell, The League of Night and Fog|how can it be that the modern human mind is capable of precise logical analysis, and yet simultaneously permits us to accept religious beliefs that should crumble beneath even the slightest rational scrutiny?
Matt Ridley|...because the great beauty of embryo development, the bit that human beings find so hard to grasp, is that it is a totally decentralised process...no cell need wait for instructions from authority; every cell can act on its own information and the signals it receives from its neighbours. We do not organise societies that way...Perhaps we should try.
Maud Hart Lovelace, Betsy and Tacy Go Downtown|He disliked contradiction, and still more, arguments that were continually skipping from one thing to another, introducing new and disconnected points, so that there was no knowing to which to reply.
Obert Skye, Leven Thumps and the Gateway to Foo|Birth is not only about making babies. Birth is about making mothers--strong, competent, capable mothers who trust themselves and know their inner strength.
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|I was never like the rest of you, making plans about the great things I'd do, I never saw myself as anything much, just shy, stupid little Beth, who's only use was at home. Why does everyone want to go away? I love being home, but I don't like being left behind. Now I'm the one going ahead, No one can stop God if He wants me, But I'm afraid I shall be homesick for you... even in heaven.
Jack White|I was kicked out of school because of my attitude. I was not assimilating. So I went to work, taking any jobs I could get.
John Quincy Adams|Externally China desires independence, internally she seeks to maintain her existence as a nation; China therefore strives to loose the bonds that bind her people, and to complete the establishment of a new State.
St. John Morris, The Bizarre Letters of St John Morris|Eunice had deposited St John upon the balcony of the first-floor apartment of former Liberal MP, The Rt. Hon. Leonard Cossins, the disgraced Lord Mayor of Mitchell-Baines who had been removed from office having been caught administering counterfeit buttercup syrup to the local yeomanry whilst on a hunting trip to Stoke-Poges.
Jan Holly, Marriage by Mail|Dear Charles, she wrote. After writing to express my appreciation for all the generosity of our friends, I would be remiss indeed if I did not include a missive to you. Out of all the new blessings in my new life, the one I thank God for the most is you. I thank you for writing to me through Genteel Correspondence, and for choosing me out of all the other women eager for adventure in the wild west.  I thank you for your kindness, and your gentleness toward me. Only very strong men can be gentle. I thank you for sharing your home and your life with me. I thank you for inventing delicious breakfasts. And chicory flavored coffee. And prayers that ease my mind and inspire my spirit and lift my heart. For your smile and the way you hold your hat in your hands. For the things you say and how you say them.  Did you know that I pray for you each day? I do. I pray for your safety and happiness.  Yours in Christ,  Rose
Beth Revis, A World Without You|Richard J. McNally, a Harvard clinical research psychologist, considered the "politics of trauma" in Remembering Trauma (2003).[139] He argued that the definition of PTSD had been too broadly applied, and suggested narrowing it to include "only those stressors associated with serious injury or threat to life" —a suggestion that would drastically alter the public discussion of rape, incest, abuse by clergy, and the traumatic affect of racism and homophobia, to name just a few potentially trauma-inducing contexts and actions.[140] McNally presents his conclusion that most traumatic experience is remembered soon after the event, as if his view represents objective scientific research, when much evidence suggests that memories of traumatic events reoccur over time unpredictably. McNally’s bias is apparent in his strong support of Ian Hacking’s curiously fervent effort to discredit the diagnosis of multiple personality (dissociative identity disorder) and Hacking’s effort to blame clinicians attached to recovered memory therapy of the spurious "rewriting" of patients’ "souls."[141] While McNally accounts for those who do recall their traumas, he does not equally offer an explanation for those who do not remember them, and his extensive bibliography and research do not cite key publications that would challenge his results.[142] - Page 19
Lindsay Detwiler, Then Comes Love|Aging is harder for beautiful people, and Anna was beautiful.
Suheir Hammad, Zaatardiva|... in the world, it will be women, mostly colored and poor. women will have to bury children, and support themselves through grief.
Eliza Crewe, Cracked|Death is my art form--when I fight, I'm a ballerina. Graceful. Chi lacks my grace, but makes up for it in energy and enthusiasm. His fighting style is like breakdancing--strong and frenetic with some really sweet moves. Jo's is . . .the Macarena. Ugly but gets the job done.
Ernest Hemingway, A Farewell to Arms|In the end, each of us is alone, but in the meantime, we must all huddle together to give one another comfort and warmth.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Big Magic: Creative Living Beyond Fear|Authors, such as William Zinsser, Steven Pinker, Natalie Goldberg, and Stephen King, who have all written exquisite books on the art and craft of writing, have reminded me that it is the commitment to the craft that matters the most; the longing to get better and the countless hours of work that go into writing and rewriting. To them I am eternally grateful.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|Where we love is home, home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts.
Maud Hart Lovelace, Betsy and Tacy Go Downtown|Betsy returned to her chair, took off her coat and hat, opened her book and forgot the world again.
Jan Jansen|Anyone who takes a decided line in certain matters, is sure to lead all the rest.
Agnes of Rome|I place my trust in You, O adorable Blood, our Redemption, our regeneration. Fall, drop by drop, into the hearts that have wandered from You and soften their hardness.
Sri Aurobindo|When a noble life has prepared old age, it is not decline that it reveals, but the first days of immortality.
Bertrand Russell|The affection of parents makes infants feel safe in this dangerous world, and gives them boldness in experimentation and in exploration of their environments.
Tony Dovale|In a Consciously Conscious Revolutionary Workplace, its People First, Planet Second and then Profits.
Agatha Christie, The Mysterious Mr. Quin|Nobody knows what another person is thinking. They may imagine they do, but they are nearly always wrong.
L.M. Browning, Seasons of Contemplation: A Book of Midnight Meditations|From time to time, we all must go unto a landscape—be it inner or outer landscape—where there are no hiding places. Allowing the stark awe and silence to aid us in both communing and confronting the depth of ourselves. We fear emptiness because we know that within those places of nothingness we will come face-to-face with who we are and gaze into the internal mirror. But what is the alternative? Shall we go our entire life without hearing our own voice . . . without ever having met who we are when isolated from all?
Peter F. Drucker, Innovation and Entrepreneurship: Practice and Principles|It all starts with a tiny, stupid idea, then one thing leads to another, and suddenly, you find something amazing: yourself.
Darnell Lamont Walker|Nobody loves the head of a dandelion. Maybe because they are so many, strong, and soon.
Anthony Liccione|No one ever developed their character by arranging their experiences in such a way that only ‘good’ things are allowed to happen to them. Character is not purchased with a dance in the street. It is not cheap, and it’s hard to come by, owing partly to the fact that it is the heir of disappointment, frustration, betrayal and deceit. However, it is not the inheritance that matters so much as what you do with it. In the face of seemingly insurmountable problems what do you do, and why do you do it? The same holds for dramatic characters whose strength, courage, insight and wisdom have to be earned.
Confucius, Confucian Analects, The Great Learning  The Doctrine of the Mean|The superior man, when resting in safety, does not forget that danger may come. When in a state of security he does not forget the possibility of ruin. When all is orderly, he does not forget that disorder may come. Thus his person is not endangered, and his States and all their clans are preserved.
Erin Kellison, Bring Me a Dream|...now the whole fucking world is different.""It's about to get worse," Steve said."Then I'll call for food," Vincent said. "Mirren, this might be our last meal. Any preferences?
Virginia Postrel|To me, a lot of what makes a good actor is not what a teacher tells you to do but how you respond when you're on your own.
Chirag Tulsiani|As we grow we seem to go further and further away from that child which rests within. But there was no choice and so we wander beyond innocence, beyond the touch of insanity and groom ourselves into the tastes of the society, fit in to their needs and instead of becoming a part of them we become like them.
Rachel Carson, Silent Spring|Those who contemplate the beauty of the earth find reserves of strength that will endure as long as life lasts. There is something infinitely healing in the repeated refrains of nature -- the assurance that dawn comes after night, and spring after winter.
Martin Luther King Jr.|Girls can be athletic. Guys can have feelings. Girls can be smart. Guys can be creative. And vice versa. Gender is specific only to your reproductive organs (and sometimes not even to those), not your interest, likes, dislikes, goals, and ambitions.
Luigina Sgarro|If people do not know the rules, they will continue making mistakes and the situation will only worsen.
Maurice Chevalier|I like women. I don't understand them, but I like them.
Michael R. Underwood, Geekomancy|Shit happens. But so does magic." ~ Celia Wird, SEALED WITH A CURSE: A Weird Girls Novel
Sherman Hemsley|When we take our eyes off the whirl of day-to-day activity and concentrate on honoring Him and following in His way, we find a consistent peace that carries us through both plenty and poverty.
Gregory Maguire, Mirror Mirror|Hello, this is I, and these are my arms and legs, which are useful, and this inconvenient hump is my sorrow, which is less than useful, but I've learned how to hump it around, so pay it no mind.
T.H. White, The Once and Future King|He felt in his heart cruelty and cowardice, the things which made him brave and kind.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|Desire is like fog on a bathroom mirror -- its presence incites you to wipe the mirror, and see yourself clearly again.
Jacob Whitesides|What's blessed about my life is that I have been able to connect with the global audience on a regular basis. I am thankful for everybody's love, and I reciprocate that, but I also have to deliver on every occasion.
Nathaniel Branden|To honor the self is to be willing to think independently, to live by our own mind, and to have the courage of our own perceptions.
Ginny Gilder, Course Correction: A Story of Rowing and Resilience in the Wake of Title IX|And at times I murmured the token phrase to the doctor, ‘When can I go home?’ knowing that home was the place where I least desired to be. There they would watch me for signs of abnormality, like ferrets around a rabbit burrow waiting for the rabbit to appear.
Marlon James, A Brief History of Seven Killings|I have a theory that while a man might not always get the wife he wants or needs, he always gets the wife he deserves.
Brandt Legg|Do you remember the time, Mike,” Jeremy laughed, “that you put a banana down your pants and walked up to the Palma-nator. It looked like you had one hell of a hard-on.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We can react with bitterness and hate God, as some do, or we can accept suffering as a natural part of life and a condition that comes with living in this world. We cannot avoid suffering, but we can determine our response to it.
Sam Dogra, The Binding|My heart almost vaulted out of my chest. I was snuggled against Ryan’s shoulder. We were burrowed under the cloak and sleeping bag, and my hand rested on his cheek, about to swat the stray hair that had fallen over my face. This wouldn’t have been so bad, if not for one tiny detail.Ryan was awake.
Charles B. Vaughan|God gave you a gift of 86 400 seconds today. Have you used one to say "thank you"?
Jasmine Sandozz, Thoughts of a Burning Heart|Word Powers:A beautiful bitch has four legs, not two. Even terms of, so called, endearment have unintended manifestations. Guard your grill.
Gregory David Roberts, Shantaram|Fine,” he said. “You’re right. We’re not normal. We’re the most fucked-up, star-crossed lovers in history. So let’s not play nice.
