Rick Riordan, The Serpent's Shadow|I lifted my wand, hoping she would see this as a dramatic move, not a threat. “Why once, in my bunker at Charing Cross Station, I stalked thedeadly prey known as Jelly Babies.”Neith’s eyes widened. “They are dangerous?”“Horrible,” I agreed. “Oh, they seem small alone, but they always appear in great numbers. Sticky, fattening—quite deadly. There I was, alonewith only two quid and a Tube pass, beset by Jelly Babies, when…Ah, but never mind. When the Jelly Babies come for you…you will find out onyour own.”She lowered her bow. “Tell me. I must know how to hunt Jelly Babies.”I looked at Walt gravely. “How many months have I trained you, Walt?”“Seven,” he said. “Almost eight.”“And have I ever deemed you worthy of hunting Jelly Babies with me?”“Uh…no.
Mehmet Murat ildan|I am blessed to live in a democracy, not a totalitarian state. But the democracy I cherish is constantly threatened by a brand of politics that clothes avarice and the arrogance of power in patriotic and religious garb.
A.O. Esther, Breath of Darkness|This is THE most romantic thing that has ever happened to me, and it involves both drugs and a toilet.
Debasish Mridha|Love is like a chill, it touches your heart, fills your mind, and makes you kind.
John Piper, The Pleasures of God: Meditations on God's Delight in Being God|Our obedience is God's pleasure when it proves that God is our treasure. This is good news, because it means very simply that the command to obey is the command to be happy in God. The commandments of God are only as hard to obey as the promises of God are hard to believe. The Word of God is only as hard to obey as the beauty of God is hard to cherish.
Noel DeJesus|Relax your fears, let your ambition take the wheel for a while; it'll take you somewhere exciting that you've never been.
Mehmet Murat ildan|But an intelligent man like you would know that to live in an unrealistic hope is a very foolish way to spend a life." - Lena Gray
Howard Thurman|I think men are afraid to be with a successful woman, because we are terribly strong, we know what we want and we are not fragile enough.
Fred Hoyle|May all beings be free of pretended happiness.May all beings find their deepest lie.May all beings see the nature of their inner turmoil.May all beings realize what they are not.And through this, may all beings become who they already are.
Sunday Adelaja|Personal Responsibility is when a person refuses to run away from challenges and difficulties, when he refuses to blame others, when he decides to rise to the occasion.
James Rozoff|True ideas seem to suffer from repetition, while stupid ones tend to flourish.
M.  Robinson, Shhh... Gianna's Side|People can be whatever you want them to be. I am perfect example of that. On the inside, everything is wrong, all of it is misplaced, and nothing holds secure. I was never pretty enough, I was never good enough, I was never smart enough, I was just never enough. They needed flawlessness and excellence, and on the outside, I portrayed it to a T. But on the inside, I was dying. Damaged goods. At least when you buy something broken you can return it, but what do you do when that´s not an option, When you have no choice but to wake up every morning with a smile on your face because that´s what people expect.
Tom Clancy, The Hunt for Red October|As is now generally admitted, a Soviet bomb would not have been achieved for several years more but for the success of Soviet espionage in obtaining secret information from Western scientists associated with the Manhattan Project. That is to say, political ideas in the minds of certain capable physicists and others took the form of believing that to provide Stalin with the bomb was acontribution to world progress. They were wrong. And their decisions show, once again, that minds of high quality in other respects are not immune to political or ideological delirium....In the Soviet case, those involved thought they knew better than mere politicians like Churchill. They didn't.
Unknown|When asked what gift he wanted for his birthday, the yogi replied: “I wish no gifts, only presence.
Katy Kauffman, Faith, Courage, and Victory|The God who made all things and has all power, loves us and hears our prayers.
Emil M. Cioran|Knowledge subverts love: in proportion as we penetrate our secrets, we come to loathe our kind, precisely because they resemble us.
R.A. Salvatore, Exile|In my stubborn youth, I believed that I could stand alone, that I was strong enough to conquer my enemies with sword and with principles. Arrogance convinced me that by sheer determination, I could conquer helplessness itself. Stubborn and foolish youth, Imust admit, for when I look back on those years now, I see quite clearly that rarely did I stand alone and rarely did I have to stand alone. Always there were friends, true and dear, lending me support even when I believed I did not want it, and even when I didnot realize they were doing it.
W. Somerset Maugham, The Razor's Edge|A man may beat down the bitter fruit from an evil tree until he is weary; while the root abides in strength and vigour, the beating down of the present fruit will not hinder it from bringing forth more. This is the folly of some men; they set themselves with all earnestness and diligence against the appearing eruption of lust, but, leaving the principle and root untouched, perhaps unsearched out, they make but little or no progress in this work of mortification.
Toni Morrison|Everywhere, everywhere, children are the scorned people of the earth.
Debasish Mridha|The more beauty you see, the more beautiful you become.
Allwyn Jose|If using "was" could be deemed gramatically, or atleast emotionally correct, in the sense that it could relate to something that you actually couldn't do in the past, but want to do right now, then I wanna say, "I was sorry, for everything"..
Tracy Rees, Amy Snow|We both loved the birds and animals and plants. We both felt far happier out of doors. I felt a peace in nature that I could never find in the human world, as you know.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, Space Chronicles: Facing the Ultimate Frontier|Science literacy is being plugged into the forces that power the universe. There is no excuse for thinking that the Sun, which is a million times the size of Earth, orbits Earth.
Vine Deloria, Jr.|Wonder, connected with a principle of rational curiosity, is the source of all knowledge and discover, and it is a principle even of piety; but wonder which ends in wonder, and is satisfied with wonder, is the quality of an idiot.
Jay Woodman|Sometimes, you have to go Insane, to Outsane, the Sane. You know what i'm Sayin?
RVM|You may have Limitations, but don't let the Limitations Limit you!
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If we allow our Christian faith to be adulterated with materialism, watered down by secularism, and intermingled with a bland humanism, we cannot stand up to a system that has vowed to bury us.
Nenia Campbell, Wishing Stars: Space Opera Fairytales|Come closer, my dears, let me give you a warning,Of the fate that befalls those who stay out past morning,In the darkest hours before the dawn,When witches roam and demons spawn,And children die with spirit gone,Magicked away in the gloaming.
Paulo Coelho, Brida|Everyone is asleep. They've all been asleep for years. You seemed ... awake.' Alex is whispering now. He closes his eyes, opens them again.'I'm tired of sleeping.
Ron Rash, The Cove|Maybe calling it being hitched ain’t the prettiest way to say you’re married, but it’s the truth to my mind and true in a good way, because you’re working together and depending on each other, and you’re sharing the load.
Rajeev Kurapati, Unbound Intelligence: A Personal Guide to Self-Discovery|By way of watching your mind, you will see life beyond a mere set of habits, emotions and beliefs.
Richard Harmon|Part of me is drawn to the nature of sadness because I think life is sad, and sadness is not something that should be avoided or denied. It's a fact of life, like contradictions are.
Nick Harkaway, The Gone-Away World|The sergeants are shunted forward and they blink and stare up at Gonzo as he leans on the edge of his giant mixing bowl. MacArthur never addressed his troops from a mixing bowl--not even one made from a spare geodesic radio emplacement shell--and certainly de Gaulle never did. But Gonzo Lubitsch does, and he does it as if a whole long line of commanders were standing at his shoulder, urging h
Rick Riordan, The Hidden Oracle|Will put his hand on Nico's shoulder. "Nico, we need o have another talk about your people skills.""Hey, I'm just stating the obvious. If this is Apollo, and he dies, we're all in trouble."Will turned to me. "I apologize for my boyfriend."Nico rolled his eyes. "Could you not―""Would you prefer special guy?" Will asked. "Or significant other?""Significant annoyance, in your case," Nico grumbled
Angelina Jolie|I never had a conscious fear of death, but I did have a conscious fear of sickness. By the time I completed medical school, that fear was gone.
Natalie Standiford, The Boy on the Bridge|A man with a rifle or a club can only be stopped by a person who defends himself with a rifle or a club. That's equality. If the United States government doesn't want you and me to have rifles, then take the rifles away from those racists. If they don't want you and me to use clubs, take the clubs away from the racists. If they don't want you and me to get violent, then stop the racists from being violent. Don't teach us non-violence!!!
Kenneth Eade, Terror on Wall Street, a Financial Metafiction Novel|Above all, everything was expensive. Kids are idiots and slaves to desire. We didn't know what we really wanted, so we wanted everything.
Arianne Cohen, The Tall Book: A Celebration of Life from on High|Kids from small families grow about an inch taller than those from large families. This is true regardless of income and social class, because a body can't grow well while fighting off nine siblings' cold viruses.
Heather Wolf|For those who have known pain and suffering and wondered why it all happened... I don’t know the reasons why, I just know that you must keep believing in hope and eventually you will get through.
Alexander Maksik, A Marker to Measure Drift|Which one is right? Which one is wrong? When you feel you could answer that type of questions, you trapped on your own perception. -Back cover, Andante Part 1, English modified-
Karen Finerman|Having a college degree gave me the opportunity to be... well-rounded. Also, the people I met at the university, most of them are still my colleagues now. People I've known for years are all in the industry together.
Yusef Komunyakaa|I usually get all my stress and anger out at the gym. But when I get out, I'm kind of a pleasant person - really.
Karl Rahner|For it is the bitter grief of theology and its blessed task, too, always to have to seek (because it does not clearly have present to it at the time)...always providing that one has the courage to ask questions, to be dissatisfied, to think with the mind and heart one ACTUALLY has, and not with the mind and heart one is SUPPOSED TO have.
Kathy Baldock, Walking the Bridgeless Canyon: Repairing the Breach Between the Church and the LGBT Community|Ignorance follows knowledge, not the other way around.
Angela Merkel|You can block a marriage, but you cannot force a marriage.
David Eagleman, Sum: Forty Tales from the Afterlives|All creation necessarily ends in this: Creators, powerless, fleeing from the things they have wrought.
Albert Camus, The Plague|Do you believe in God, doctor?"No - but what does that really mean? I'm fumbling in the dark, struggling to make something out. But I've long ceased finding that original.
Donna Thorland, The Rebel Pirate|The softness of her touch, the emerald eyes gazing into his when they held hands and circled, attacked his defenses and flung them aside as if he were a helpless lad. If she'd come at him with a dagger, he might have let her stab him in the heart.
Abdulazeez Henry Musa|Somewhere within you is a huge supply of happiness, always there, patiently waiting for you to reach out and grab it. It’s yours for the asking. And you ask by giving it your attention.
Paul Walker|Sometimes, wearing a scarf and a polo coat and no makeup and with a certain attitude of walking, I go shopping or just look at people living. But then, you know, there will be a few teenagers who are kind of sharp, and they'll say, 'Hey, just a minute. You know who I think that is?' And they'll start tailing me. And I don't mind.
Abhishek Kumar, Stardust Family - We Are One!|You must question everything. You have to always ask why, and if you do not understand the answer, you ask again.
Thomas Hardy|First of all, the Jewish religion has a great deal in common with the Christian religion because, as Rabbi Gillman points out in the show, Christianity is based on Judaism. Christ was Jewish.
Anita B. Sulser PhD, We Are One|After all, what Buddhism offers as a solution is universalised indifference - a learning of how to withdraw from too much empathy. This is why Buddhism can so easily turn into the very opposite of universal compassion: the advocacy of a ruthless military attitude, which is what the fate of Zen Buddhism aptly demonstrates.
Israel S. Dudley|And when one loves kills another, can you still love the one who's left?
Hilaire Belloc|We are all ignorant once and only when someone or something that knows more than us, comes in.
Walter Kirn|The mist just keeps on lifting and soon I'll be able to see all the way, as far as the earth's curvature allows. It's a blessing, that curvature, that hidden hemisphere-if we could take it all in at one, why move?
Debasish Mridha|To find the peace, learn to trust.
Titus Lucretius Carus|A man leaves his great house because he's boredWith life at home, and suddenly returns,Finding himself no happier abroad.He rushes off to his villa driving like mad,You'ld think he's going to a house on fire,And yawns before he's put his foot inside,Or falls asleep and seeks oblivion,Or even rushes back to town again.So each man flies from himself (vain hope, becauseIt clings to him the more closely against his will)And hates himself because he is sick in mindAnd does not know the cause of his disease.
Karl Marx, The Communist Manifesto|Man, do not pride yourself on your superiority to the animals, for they are without sin, while you, with all your greatness, you defile the earth wherever you appear and leave an ignoble trail behind you -- and that is true, alas, for almost every one of us!
Dani Harper, Storm Warned|Sometimes the universe conspires to give you what you really want, Liam. And it’s your job to let it.
Norman Maclean, A River Runs Through It and Other Stories|If you push me far enough, all I really know is that he was a fine fisherman.""You know more than that," my father said. "He was beautiful.
Simon Skiles, Sanctuary|The finding of the Valley is paramount for your kind. Survival for your race…even survival for the human race…depends on it. This quest is more important than you can ever understand. It will affect every living thing in this world for millennia to come. Do not waver from the search, no matter how difficult it may be.
Sarah J. Maas, A Court of Mist and Fury|A snap of Rhys’s fingers, and my nightclothes—and some flimsy underthings—appeared on the bed. “I couldn’t decide which scrap of lace I wanted you to wear, so I brought you a few to choose from.” “Pig,” I barked
Mary Schmich|In an artwork you're always looking for artistic decisions, so an ashtray is perfect. An ashtray has got life and death.
Paul Cézanne|To my mind, one does not put oneself in place of the past, one only adds a new link.
Zarina Bibi|A Sufi will say – Everything is beautiful, even the dirt that clings beneath my feet.
Patrick Ness, More Than This|He really is alone in whatever hell this is.Completely and utterly alone.'It isn't,' he thinks, as he trudges back toward his house, 'the most unfamiliar feeling in the world.
Thomas Sowell|The Sudanese government has been playing games with the world, with the Africa Union, in particular, have been playing for time in order to conclude its mission of ethnic cleansing in the Sudan.
C.S. Lewis, The Great Divorce|I do not think that all who choose wrong roads perish; but their rescue consists in being put back on the right road. A sum can be put right: but only by going back til you find the error and working it afresh from that point, never by simply going on. Evil can be undone, but it cannot 'develop' into good. Time does not heal it. The spell must be unwound, bit by bit, 'with backward mutters of dissevering power' --or else not.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Dispossessed|An Odonian undertook monogamy just as he might undertake a joint enterprise in production, a ballet or a soap-works. Partnership was a voluntarily constituted federation like any other. So long as it worked, it worked, and if it didn't work it stopped being. It was not an institution but a function. It had no sanction but that of private conscience.
Max Stirner, The Ego and Its Own|However, you forgot our anniversary date , but it does not matter because I know that you may have forgotten the date but you haven't forgotten my value in your life.
Arthur Schopenhauer, Studies in Pessimism: The Essays|However, the struggle with that sentinel is, as a rule, not so hard as it may seem from a long way off, mainly in consequence of the antagonism between the ills of the body and the ills of the mind. If we are in great bodily pain, or the pain lasts a long time, we become indifferent to other troubles; all we think about is to get well. In the same way great mental suffering makes us insensible to bodily pain; we despise it; nay, if it should outweigh the other, it distracts our thoughts, and we welcome it as a pause in mental suffering. It is this feeling that makes suicide easy; for the bodily pain that accompanies it loses all significance in the eyes of one who is tortured by an excess of mental suffering. This is especially evident in the case of those who are driven to suicide by some purely morbid and exaggerated ill-humor. No special effort to overcome their feelings is necessary, nor do such people require to be worked up in order to take the step; but as soon as the keeper into whose charge they are given leaves them for a couple of minutes, they quickly bring their life to an end.When, in some dreadful and ghastly dream, we reach the moment of greatest horror, it awakes us; thereby banishing all the hideous shapes that were born of the night. And life is a dream: when the moment of greatest horror compels us to break it off, the same thing happens.
Steven Chopade|With every rising of the sun, the Son's glory rises upon us.
Terry Spear, Phantom Fae|What pleasure is there in life without beauty?" Dulcie slid a silken blue fold down so her right hip bone showed, and nodded with approval.	"Beauty won't fill your belly or keep you warm."	Dulcie chuckled. "You might be surprised.
Sarah Todd Hammer, Determination|With determination, it is possible to block out the negative things and enjoy the positive ones, despite the cons. Most importantly, it is possible to dance through everything pernicious.
NerD_Seyer|My love for you is everywhere. Though we're a thousand miles apart, I love you and you know it. I love you because you're different from the girls I've met before.
Tracy Chevalier, At the Edge of the Orchard|Afterwards, I will have to tie the trees to bamboo poles so the wind will not determine their shape. A tree cannot be given form by the vagaries of the wind.
Jeanne DuPrau, The People of Sparks|DID is about survival! As more people begin to appreciate this concept, individuals with DID will start to feel less as though they have to hide in shame. DID develops as a response to extreme trauma that occurs at an early age and usually over an extended period of time.
Alan Jacobs, Socrates Without Tears|Sure. And you say hi to Dory, ‘k? C’mon Will – let’s get you to the Sheriff. I need a cold one.”“Yippee.” Said Will, not exactly brimming over with enthusiasm.Timaset Skooch reached across the table and packed the notes together. He counted them out too. Seven thousand credits! Then he scooped the coins and the (ugh) gold tooth into an empty glass for the waitress. Seven thousand credits! But what was the plastic slip under it all?
Jean-Paul Sartre, Nausea|It would be much better if I could only stop thinking. Thoughts are the dullest things. Duller than flesh. They stretch out and there's no end to them and they leave a funny taste in the mouth. Then there are words, inside the thoughts, unfinished words, a sketchy sentence which constantly returns...It goes, it goes ... and there's no end to it. It's worse than the rest because I feel responsible and have complicity in it. For example, this sort of painful rumination: I exist, I am the one who keeps it up. I.
Sylvia Plath|In the future, when Microsoft leaves a security-flaw in their code it won't mean that somebody hacks your computer. It will mean that somebody takes control of your servant robot and it stands in your bedroom doorway sharpening a knife and watching you sleep.
John Corey Whaley, Noggin|They say the heart is just a muscle. They say it plays absolutely no role in our emotions and that its use as a symbol for love is based on archaic theories of it being the seat of the soul or something ridiculous like that. But as I quietly listened to every word she was saying to me, as each syllable shot a sharp arrow through the phone and into my ear, I swear I felt like my entire chest would collapse in on itself. I knew this feeling. They say a heart can't really break because there's nothing to be broken. But see, I once had to leave everyone I loved, and it felt this same way.
Hans Adolf Krebs|The liberal professions, and in a wider sense the well-to-do classes, are certainly those with the liveliest taste for knowledge and the most active intellectual life.
Seth Shostak|It's true that I love to connect with my fans on the social networking sites, but I try not to go overboard, ever. I just give people a peek into my mind space, but never bombard them with my tweets.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|When you find yourself in need of spiritual nourishment, it is in the opportunities to serve others that you will find the abundance you seek.
Richard Bach, Jonathan Livingston Seagull|Jonathan Seagull discovered that boredom and fear and anger are the reasons that a gull's life is so short, and with those gone from his thought, he lived a long fine life indeed.
Francesca Marciano, Rules of the Wild: A Novel of Africa|All at once it was just too much, and Harvey felt something about to snap. He drew back into the shadowy side of the doorway, out of site. Then he slid down the wall to the ground and put his palm over his mouth to hold in his breath and his feelings both. He'd forced in more air then he could hold, and his lungs were burning. More importantly, his heart hurt... He wished he hadn't eavesdropped.
Kanye West|Shoot for the stars, so if you fall you land on a cloud.
Jonathan Verderame|Are you following the sheep to the slaughter house, or leading them to the pasture?
Mandi Lynn, Essence|...and I shut off my anxious heart and my nervous head as dusk descended into another night, another meaningless merging, another attempt to find myself as I gave myself away.
Kartik Mehta|I'd like you to see that we are interfering too drastically. WE can't just assume so completely that Azerbaijan is in the hands of dangerous men and vicious Bolsheviks. I suppose it's all in the way you see Iran. I'd like you to see that Iranians are just as serious about their politics as we are: perhaps more so. The Iranian is a vigorous individual with definite ideas about the right and wrong done to him. It's easy for these journalists to laugh at the idea of political spontaneity among the Iranians because they look on these people as dirty, stupid, childlike natives who stare open-mouthed while the wonders of the west are offered to them.…...They are not like that at all. They want proper government, the same as anybody else. They have certainly tried hard enough to get it, but they haven't had a chance. We have done a great deal to prevent them getting real government. It may shock you, but we have always wanted corrupt administrations. Since the Reuter concessions sixty years ago we have begaved like American gangsters using threats, money, and even war to extort privileges and concessions which amounted to owning the country. At one time we had complete control over the administration, over the entire wealth of the land, the banks, and the army. It's rather silly to say the Iranians are un-political when you realize how quickly we had to hand back those concessions. This country rose to a man against us. We gave in hastily, but we managed to cling desperately to our oil concessions. [MacGregor]I think you are worrying yourself unduly [Essex]. We can't be too bad an influence. We may not be reformers ourselves... but we do not fight people who are really trying to improve the country. You must admit that we did not resist the last Shah, and he certainly reformed the place as best as it could be reformed.[MacGregor] It has become a habit to pass all compliments to Reza Shah,...even though we dethroned him. All reforms and modernizations are supposed to be his idea. Yet he simply took over the power of a popular revolution which we resisted at the time. He took power as a despot and he was little better than his predecessors. These people are getting fed up with despots. They obviously want to achieve some kind of better government, particularly in Azerbaijan.… That revolt in Azerbaijan doesn't have to be a Russian idea. It is really the continuation of five or six revolutions, all of them trying to get rid of corrupt governments. This time they seen to be succeeding. Our idea is to stop it.... Every level of government in Iran is corrupt from top to bottom, including the court, the police, and the parliament. Government is organized corruption. The ministers prey on the population like buzzards; they arragne taxes, laws, finances, famines; everything to the purpose of making money. The last Shah might have wiped out some of it; but that meant he became the biggest grafter of them all. He controlled the little fellows, and took the best of everything for himself. By the end of his rule he owned about a fifth of this entire country. He is not the hero we think he is, and his police regime was as brutal as anything the Germans had. Though we co-operated with him, he was a little tougher than the others and he always held out for more. Once, he threatened to wipe out our oil concession but we brought him off. He could always be bought off, like all the other grafters.
Jeff Mariotte, Witch's Canyon|Leela: Why are we listening to them? It is a waste of time.The Doctor; It is difficult to know what will be a waste of time until after the time has been wasted, by which time it is too late. So predicting what will be a waste of time is something of a waste of time. Unless it gives you pleasure of course when it probably doesn't count as a waste of time.Leela (yawning): I am sorry I did not hear what you said, Doctor.The Doctor (smiling): That was a waste of time then.
Lemony Snicket|My silence knot is tied up in my hair; as if to keep my love out of my eyes. I cannot speak to one for whom i care. A hatpin serves as part of my disguise. In the play, my role is baticeer; a word which here means "person who trains bats." The audience may feel a prick of fear, as if sharp pins are hidden in thier hats. My co-star lives on what we call a brae. His solitude might not be just an act. A piece of mail fails to arrive one day. This poignant melodrama's based on fact.The curtain falls just as the knot unties; the silence is broken by the one who dies.
James Michael Rice, A Tough ACT to Follow|It’s a neighborhood where every dad has at least one job and where parents often end conversations with the words: no guts, no glory.
Kris Rafferty|There are people, she once wrote, who think that we cannot rule ourselves because the few times we tried, we failed, as if all the others who rule themselves today got it right the first time. It is like telling a crawling baby who tries to walk, and then falls back on his buttocks, to stay there. As if the adults walking past him did not all crawl, once.
Jay-Z|I never had to look for confidence because I just wore what I wanted to wear. I would never wear anything to offend my husband or my mother, but outside of that, I always figured, I hope I'm not a rebel, and I hope everybody liked it. And if they didn't like it, it really was not going to disturb me because it was their problem, not mine.
Karl Marx, The Communist Manifesto|And here it becomes evident that the bourgeoisie is unfit any longer to be the ruling class in society and to impose its conditions of existence upon society as an over-riding law. It is unfit to rule because it is incompetent to assure an existence to its slave within his slavery, because it cannot help letting him sink into such a state that it has to feed him instead of being fed by him. Society can no longer live under this bourgeoisie; in other words, its existence is no longer compatible with society.The essential condition for the existence, and for the sway of the bourgeois class, is the formation and augmentation of capital; the condition for capital is wage-labor. Wage-labor rests exclusively on competition between the laborers. The advance of industry, whose involuntary promoter is the bourgeoisie, replaces the isolation of the laborers, due to competition, by their revolutionary combination, due to association. The development of modern industry, therefore, cuts from under its feet the very foundation on which the bourgeoisie produces and appropriates products. What the bourgeoisie therefore produces, above all, are its own grave diggers. Its fall and the victory of the proletariat are equally inevitable.
Dada Bhagwan|When there is no venom (poison) of any kind in your eyes, when a liberated smile is seen, then people will do your darshan (will come to see you with intent of worship).
Thomas Henry Huxley|Some men have thousands of reasons why they cannot do something, when all they need is one reason why they can.
Tanya Masse|I don’t care who you love, what you believe, how you look, where you’re from or what you do.If you are a good hearted person, you’re good in my books!
William Powers, Hamlet's BlackBerry: A Practical Philosophy for Building a Good Life in the Digital Age|Just as television didn't put an end to radio or the movies (to say nothing of books), I don't think e-books will put an end to hard copies, even for someone like me who loves technology and does not fetishize the physical medium of books. ~ Steven Pinker, author of The Lauguage Instinct, How the Mind Works The Blank Slate and The Stuff of Thought: Language as a Window into Human Nature.
Allison Lonsdale|Omo explains Buddhism to Robbie:‘Some human dudes believe in reincarnation. Being born more than once? As if once wasn’t bad enough. Like, suppose the universe is a hologram, and the human dudes are outside the universe and some big ugly cosmic dude beams them into the hologram.’‘Why does he?’ asked Robbie.‘Because he wants to fuck with their heads. And it’s like his universe, his rules. So the proto-human dudes get sent into a body, and the body is male or female and more or less athletic, and more or less clever and good looking. And they live their lives and when it ends they are back in the place outside the universe until the big ugly cosmic dude decides he wants them back again to fuck with their heads some more, so the next time they might be a boy instead of a girl, and better looking, not so athletic, more quick tempered, less optimistic, whatever, whatever and so it goes on until they learn so much stuff that the big ugly cosmic dude can’t fuck with them any more and the proto-human dudes don’t get beamed into the universe any more. Unless the dudes want to be. Which would be weird.
Jay Samit|We decided to try in vitro, because both Peter and I felt we couldn't handle another failure. When I miscarried after that, we had to come to terms with the possibility that this wasn't meant to be.
William James, The Varieties of Religious Experience|We must judge the tree by its fruit. The best fruits of the religious experience are the best things history has to offer. The highest flights of charity, devotion, trust, patience, and bravery to which the wings of human nature have spread themselves, have all been flown for religious ideals.
William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar|A third...candidate for Shakespearean authorship was Christopher Marlowe. He was the right age (just two months older than Shakespeare), had the requisite talent, and would certainly have had ample leisure after 1593, assuming he wasn't too dead to work.
Jayde Scott, Dead And Beyond|Sometimes, the inessential is essential.
Donna Lynn Hope|For those who have learned what suffering is early on, you have prepared ahead of the pack so that you can take care of the pack.
Muhammad Iqbal|Bats drink on the wing, like swallows, by sipping the surface, as they play over pools and streams.
Auliq Ice|As a society, we've become suspicious of such acts. Out of ignorance or laziness or timidity, we've turned the Luddites into caricatures, emblems of backwardness. We assume that anyone who rejects a new tool in favor of an older one is guilty of nostalgia, of making choices sentimentally rather than rationally. But the real sentimental fallacy is the assumption that the new thing is always better suited to our purposes and intentions than the old thing. That's the view of a child, naive and pliable. What makes one tool superior to another has nothing to do with how new it is. What matters is how it enlarges us or diminishes us, how it shapes our experience of nature and culture and one another. To cede choices about the texture of our daily lives to a grand abstraction called progress is folly.
Michelle Latiolais, Widow: Stories|Wandering is better than place sometimes, than home, than destination. Sometimes she can eke out the idea that wandering is possibility, chance, serendipity--he might be there, that place she didn't think to look, hadn't worked hard enough to find....
Isaiah Berlin|If you are truly convinced that there is some solution to all human problems, that one can conceive an ideal society which men can reach if only they do what is necessary to attain it, then you and your followers must believe that no price can be too high to pay in order to open the gates of such a paradise. Only the stupid and malevolent will resist once certain simple truths are put to them. Those who resist must be persuaded; if they cannot be persuaded, laws must be passed to restrain them; if that does not work, then coercion, if need be violence, will inevitably have to be used—if necessary, terror, slaughter.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|Sin is man's, last attempt to perfection.
Bohumil Hrabal, Too Loud a Solitude|As I helped him up, I felt him shake all over, so I asked him to forgive me, without knowing what for, but that was my lot, asking forgiveness, I even asked forgiveness of myself for being what I was, what it was my nature to be.
Max Planck, Where is Science Going?|Science enhances the moral value of life, because it furthers a love of truth and reverence—love of truth displaying itself in the constant endeavor to arrive at a more exact knowledge of the world of mind and matter around us, and reverence, because every advance in knowledge brings us face to face with the mystery of our own being.
Eckhart Tolle|Maybe from as early as when you're five or six, there's been a whisper going at the back of your head, saying: “One day, maybe not so long from now, you'll get to know how it feels.” So you're waiting, even if you don't quite know it, waiting for the moment when you realise that you really are different to them; that there are people out there, like Madame, who don't hate you or wish you any harm, but who nevertheless shudder at the very thought of you – of how you were brought into this world and why – and who dread the idea of your hand brushing against theirs. The first time you glimpse yourself through the eyes of a person like that, it's a cold moment. It's like walking past a mirror you've walked past every day of your life, and suddenly it shows you something else, something troubling and strange.
Shari Arison|Photography is like a moment, an instant. You need a half-second to get the photo. So it's good to capture people when they are themselves.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Even if you cannot change all the people around you, you can change the people you choose to be around. Life is too short to waste your time on people who don’t respect, appreciate, and value you. Spend your life with people who make you smile, laugh, and feel loved.
Mileta Prodanović, Ultramarin: roman bez slika|And the existence is tedious, anyway; it is a senseless, dirty business, this life.
Marouane LAASSAFAR|without room for improvement, where would we have our purpose, if I had all that I wanted, I would have to lose increments to give myself the purpose to obtain again, without goals, without the challenge what are they? Maybe rising to meet the maintenance, learning new things, stepping out of comfort zones, accomplishing new goals, facing new challenges is a part of what happiness is about... others deserve their right to live inalienably, but i feel like I deserve my right to suffer.
Jane Austen|Sometimes one is guided by what they say of themselves, and very frequently by what other people say of them, without giving oneself time to deliberate and judge
Denis Leary|White men have screwed this country up! I would like a black, female…. everything all rolled into one.I want something different. I want a real change. People, I want a president who speaks well, who has a sense of humor. This guy is such a moron! It's beyond the point where it's a joke. He's an idiot.
Jennifer L. Holm, Penny from Heaven|I need to go to parties, Raisa mused, so I don't think so much.
Brendon Urie|It is the hopeful, buoyant, cheerful attitude of mind that wins. Optimism is a success builder; pessimism an achievement killer.
Izaak Walton|Be thankful for problems. If they were less difficult, someone with less ability might have your job.
Peter Singer|Even putting aside the Judeo-Christian morality upon which the Constitution and our nation's culture are based, the notion of forced euthanasia would contradict the long-held body of medical ethics to which all American doctors must adhere.
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Have Fangs|Wait, is this a nice-ish way of telling me we had sex and I was lousy? That's how you can tell I'm inexperienced? Because, if so, that's just rude. And what were you doing at Shenanigans? And how did you find me on the road?"Gabriel looked wounded. "To answer your questions in order: The only body fluid I exchanged with you is blood--""That's very comforting, thank you.
George Bernard Shaw, Androcles and the Lion|The fact that a believer is happier than a skeptic is no more to the point than the fact that a drunken man is happier than a sober one. The happiness of credulity is a cheap and dangerous quality of happiness, and by no means a necessity of life.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|Thou, too, sail on, O Ship of State! Sail on, O Union, strong and great! Humanity with all its fears, With all the hopes of future years, Is hanging breathless on thy fate!
Nora Ephron|Reading is escape, and the opposite of escape; it's a way to make contact with reality after a day of making things up, and it's a way of making contact with someone else's imagination after a day that's all too real.
Nicola Yoon, Everything, Everything|Choices makes us, choices made at mire proves a person to be righteous or evil. It depends on us to be vanquished or to stand indomitable to a predicament.
Pearl Zhu, Digital Gaps: Bridging Multiple Gaps to Run Cohesive Digital Business|Education is the means to end, not the end itself. Education should not become another status quo, or silo, or the end.
Christina Enevoldsen|If you are trading silence or compliance for love, you are being cheated. When acceptance or love is withheld if you reveal secrets, the value of the relationship is just an illusion. Love cannot be earned, bought or traded–only freely given. You are worthy of love that doesn’t require you to protect your abuser or sacrifice yourself.
Andrew Pettegree, Brand Luther: How an Unheralded Monk Turned His Small Town into a Center of Publishing, Made Himself the Most Famous Man in Europe—and Started the Protestant Reformation|According to Aquinas, effort may not be the best measure of our virtue.
Denis Waitley|When you are gambling, though you probably do not know it, your mind is on the tide, the ebb and flow of the Universe, and there is no way to fight it. Going with the flow is the only option, so there is no point in struggling against it, but, it will tell you how you sit with God, or the Universe, at that particular time in your life.
Jewell Parker Rhodes|The woods were a boon; all too often, the forest offered danger and mystery. Yet it could be liberating. If you entered that wild place on its own terms, you might be accorded wisdom.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|It gives a fella relief to tell, but it jus' spreads out his sin.
Lois McMaster Bujold|You must learn to give, from sufficiency, not only take, from neediness.
Michelle Anthony, Spiritual Parenting: An Awakening for Today's Families|Our children need to see that faith matters, that it's relevant to our daily situations, that it's real.
Patrick Lencioni|Now, I know a lot of things in the big man's world are not what they seem: a lot of people are out for themselves, and you can't always trust what someone says.
Piyush Kaviraj|Friends are the best anti-depressants; with only positive effects, no side-effects.
Saleem Sharma|As we grow up, nothing changes more than the definition of loss.
Dexter Palmer, Version Control|But life isn't neat the way a story is. And if you try to pretend it is, then you just make yourself unhappy, or screw yourself over.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|My mother is a firm believer in the long pause, useful in interrogations, proclamations of truth, and the occasional cutting dead of someone without their knowing it.
Faraaz Kazi|The skies bend, the time stops, the lanes move and the fires dance,It can mean only one thing that I am with you.You are enigmatic yet so beautiful that I have lost my sense, You are as immaculate as the unadulterated morning dew And your beauty leaves me in a mystified trance.I do not foresee what you and I will beBut I promise to be with you till the rocks keep meeting the sea.
Rhys Ford, Dirty Secret|Men are—by nature—stupid creatures.I think I can speak with some experience on this. Both as a man and well, a gay man. It's bad enough to be one of the stupid creatures. It's quite another to be attracted to them. Cursed at both ends: brain and dick.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Falling in love is accidental, staying in love is intentional, and growing in love is delightful.
Michelle Madow, Remembrance|Because the truth is, this is love, and it doesn't matter if you lose everything. Your job. Your home. Your car. Not as long as you have that person by your side.
Maurice Sendak|Sendak is in search of what he calls a "yummy death". William Blake set the standard, jumping up from his death bed at the last minute to start singing. "A happy death," says Sendak. "It can be done." He lifts his eyebrows to two peaks. "If you're William Blake and totally crazy.
Vera Nazarian|Whenever you read a good book, somewhere in the world a door opens to allow in more light.
Roland Merullo, Breakfast with Buddha|You have compassion but by itself it is not enough. It is almost as if you carry around inside you some dead thing. Some heavy black cinder in your heart that burdens you; a ponderous anchor that tethers you to the past. Until you can burn it away, you can never truly live in the present, in the now. Until you can live in the now, you cannot see things as they really are. Meantime you are a man who is wilfully blind. You have eyes and yet you will not use them.
Judy Smith|One of the sad truths about leadership is that, the higher up the ladder you travel, the less you know.
Jerry Spinelli, Milkweed|As his (C. S. Lewis's) good friend Owen Barfield once remarked, Lewis radiated a sense that the spiritual world is home, that we are always coming back to a place we have never yet reached.
L.M. Fields|The right-wing Tories and the conservative Whigs fought Napoleon as the Usurper and the Enemy of the Established Order; the liberal Tories and the radical Whigs fought him as the Betrayer of the Revolution and the Enslaver of Europe; they were all agreed in fighting him, and his notion that their disagreement signified national disunion was mere wishful thinking. All dictators since his time have fallen into the same trap: themselves blind to the values of liberty, they cannot conceive that people who disagree on its meaning can nevertheless unite in upholding their freedoms against patent despotism.
George W. Bush|That a man be willing, when others are so too, as far forth as for peace and defense of himself he shall think it necessary, to lay down this right to all things; and be contented with so much liberty against other men, as he would allow other men against himself.
Pernilla Paaso|I’m doing boy detox. Like a diet, only for my emotional health.
Junot Díaz, The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao|Dude, you don't want to be dead. Take it from me. No-pussy is bad. But dead is like no-pussy times ten.
Richard E. Grant|I played guitar from the age of four or five. Every year there would be a slightly larger triangular box under the Christmas tree, until finally I got one that was big enough to make a proper sound.
Colin Wilson, The Glass Cage|You've a perfect right to call me as impractical as a dormouse, and to feel I'm out of touch with life. But this is the point where we simply can't see eye to eye. We've nothing whatever in common. Don't you see. . . it's not an accident that's drawn me from Blake to Whitehead, it's a certain line of thought which is fundamental to my whole approach. You see, there's something about them both. . . They trusted the universe. You say I don't know what the modern world's like, but that's obviously untrue. Anyone who's spent a week in London knows just what it's like. . . if you mean neurosis and boredom and the rest of it. And I do read a modern novel occasionally, in spite of what you say. I've read Joyce and Sartre and Beckett and the rest, and every atom in me rejects what they say. They strike me as liars and fools. I don't think they're dishonest so much as hopelessly tired and defeated."Lewis had lit his pipe. He did it as if Reade were speaking to someone else. Now he said, smiling faintly, "I don't think we're discussing modern literature."Reade had an impulse to call the debater's trick, but he repressed it. Instead he said quietly, "We're discussing modern life, and you brought up the subject. And I'm trying to explain why I don't think that murders and wars prove your point. I'm writing about Whitehead because his fundamental intuition of the universe is the same as my own. I believe like Whitehead that the universe is a single organism that somehow takes account of us. I don't believe that modern man is a stranded fragment of life in an empty universe. I've an instinct that tells me that there's a purpose, and that I can understand that purpose more deeply by trusting my instinct. I can't believe the world is meaningless. I don't expect life to explode in my face at any moment. When I walk back to my cottage, I don't feel like a meaningless fragment of life walking over a lot of dead hills. I feel a part of the landscape, as if it's somehow aware of me, and friendly.
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Doing differently what’s already done is old and boring. Do something new, that’s yet to be done.
Mike  Norton|Never say that you can't do something, or that something seems impossible, or that something can't be done, no matter how discouraging or harrowing it may be; human beings are limited only by what we allow ourselves to be limited by: our own minds. We are each the masters of our own reality; when we become self-aware to this: absolutely anything in the world is possible.Master yourself, and become king of the world around you. Let no odds, chastisement, exile, doubt, fear, or ANY mental virii prevent you from accomplishing your dreams. Never be a victim of life; be it's conqueror.
Shelley Lubben, Truth Behind the Fantasy of Porn: The Greatest Illusion on Earth|In a world where pleasure rules, people tend to be undeveloped in every way. " A House Like a Lotus
Craig Hart, The Writer's Tune-up Manual: 35 Exercises That Will Scrape the Rust Off Your Writing|The foundation stones for a balanced success are honesty, character, integrity, faith, love and loyalty.
Michael Cunningham, A Home at the End of the World|I suppose at heart it was the haircut that did it; that exploded the ordinary order of things and showed me the possibilities that had been there all along, hidden among the patterns in the wallpaper. In a different age, we used to take acid for more or less the same reason.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|Until you take your profession as passion, each and every activity looks as a headache
Gary   Hopkins|Just like in the eye of the storm there is always comfort within the chaos. Becoming aware of this however, is your responsibility.
Ziad K. Abdelnour, Economic Warfare: Secrets of Wealth Creation in the Age of Welfare Politics|Trust is earned, respect is given, and loyalty is demonstrated. Betrayal of any one of those is to lose all three.
Dalai Lama|Hope lies in dreams, in imagination, and in the courage of those who dare to make dreams into reality.
Bruno Schulz, The Street of Crocodiles|IVREVEILLEWake: the silver dusk returningUp the beach of darkness brims,And the ship of sunrise burningStrands upon the eastern rims.Wake: the vaulted shadow shaatters,Trampled to the floor it spanned,And the tent of night in tatters Straws the sky-pavilioned land.Up, lad, up, 'tis late for lying:Hear the drums of morning play;Hark, the empty highways crying"Who'll beyond the hills away?"Towns and countries woo together,Forelands beacon, belfries call;Never lad that trod on leatherLived to feast his heart with all.Up, lad: thews that lie and cumberSunlit pallets never thrive;Morns abed and daylight slumberWere not meant for man alive.Clay lies still, but blood's a rover;Breath's a ware that will not keepUp, lad: when the journey's overThere'll be time enough to sleep.
Selena Gomez|I've passed up on many a thing that could have made me a big artist or something. Like, I was offered a feature on a Christina Aguilera song and I turned it down. It just wasn't right. She's cool, but it just wasn't right.
William Faulkner, The Wild Palms|Archie asked me if I knew Dante's definition of hell..."Proximity without intimacy," he said.
Francis Wheen|On Earth one of the things that a large proportion of the locals is most proud of is this wonderful economic system which, with a sureness and certainty so comprehensive one could almost imagine the process bears some relation to their limited and limiting notions of either thermodynamics or God, all food, comfort, energy, shelter, space, fuel and sustenance gravitates naturally and easily away from those who need it most and towards those who need it least. Indeed, those on the receiving end of such largesse are often harmed unto death by its arrival, though the effects may take years and generations to manifest themselves.
Sandeep Sahajpal|Postmodernity means the exhilarating freedom to pursue anything, yet mind-boggling uncertainty as to what is worth pursuing and in the name of what one should pursue it.
Israelmore Ayivor|You can't BREED at a place where you can't BREATHE. Therefore, FIX yourself where you FIT.
Dick Gregory|I see women in their 30s getting plastic surgery, pulling this up and tucking that back. It's like a slippery slope - once you start you pull one thing one way and then you think, 'Oh my God, I've got to do the other side.'
Haruki Murakami|Anyone who falls in love is searching for the missing pieces of themselves. So anyone who's in love gets sad when they think of their lover. It's like stepping back inside a room you have fond memories of, one you haven't seen in a long time.
Andrew Levy, A Brain Wider Than the Sky: A Migraine Diary|And then a throb hits you on the left ide of the head so hard that your head bobs to the right...There's no way that came from inside your head, you think. That's no metaphysical crisis. God just punched you in the face.
Isaac Asimov, I. Asimov|I have never, in all my life, not for one moment, been tempted toward religion of any kind. The fact is that I feel no spiritual void. I have my philosophy of life, which does not include any aspect of the supernatural and which I find totally satisfying. I am, in short, a rationalist and believe only that which reason tells me is so.
Dean Koontz, Chase|Being alone can be good. It's easy to find peace alone. But sometimes, being alone is a king of death.
Skylar Grey|If a little knowledge was a dangerous thing, a lot was lethal.
Cindy Rollins, Mere Motherhood: Morning times, nursery rhymes, and my journey toward sanctification|We are living in an increasingly feminized society. Some people view that as an increasingly civilized society, but it has left our boys with deep desires for honor but few outlets for displaying it appropriately.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|If a demon and a vampire mated, their offspring would be unique but in harmony, like a Labrador retriever crossed with a poodle. Voila, labradoodle!But a vemon was a made creature, as if one took the front half of the Lab and jammed it onto the back half of thr poodle. In other words, wrong.
John Kremer|How much power is there in a thousand noisy engines? I tell you, there is more power in a single blade of grass.
Julian Barnes, Arthur & George|wear flannel next to your skin, and never believe in eternal punishment.
Deyth Banger|Times goes far a lot of I still remember my father what he said in January "Books aren't important" March 27 he died (suicided!).... ANd what has left me??A lot of great people died this year, privous and every other which will come, believe or not the heart can't take it!Only it can take it, if it reads books, watches films and does this which make this person to be out of the humanity once out, never sound hear, never sad.
Pushkar Ganesh Vaidya|Ignorance is the necessary condition, i do not say of happiness, but of life itself. If we knew everything, we could not endure existence a single hour. The sentiments that make it sweet to us, or at any rate tolerable, spring from a falsehood, and are fed on illusions.If, like God, a man possessed the truth, the sole and perfect truth, and once let it escape out of his hands, the world would be annihilated there and then, and the universe melt away instantly like a shadow.
Danielle Monsch, The Cage King|There are eight known Realms beyond this one. It's mixed what you find on them, but a couple of them, the phrase hell on earth couldn't be more fitting. They're a necromancer's wet dream.
Erma Bombeck|Family life got better and we got our car back -  as soon as we put "I love Mom" on the license plate.
David Mackay|I was a frustrated astronaut all my life. I grew up at a time when space seemed to have no boundaries, and lots of us presumed humans would be living on the moon and landing on Mars.
Hope Mirrlees, Lud-in-the-Mist|But these are sad times, the 'prentices wanting to be masters, and every little tradesman wanting to be a Senator, and every dirty little urchin thinking he can giveimpudence to his betters!
Tanzy Sayadi, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|Get out of my head,You've overstayed your stay,This head no longer can spare more thoughts,Leave my aching heart alone,You weaved your web all over my heart,Captured what was never yours,The aching in my chest can't bare more,Get out of here,My soul is no longer a safe place.
Alejandra Pizarnik|Melancholia is, I believe, a musical problem: a dissonance, a change in rhythm. While on the outside everything happens with the vertiginous rhythm of a cataract, on the inside is the exhausted adagio of drops of water falling from time to tired time. For this reason the outside, seen from the melancholic inside, appears absurd and unreal, and constitutes ‘the farce we all must play’. But for an instant – because of a wild music, or a drug, or the sexual act carried to its climax – the very slow rhythm of the melancholic soul does not only rise to that of the outside world: it overtakes it with an ineffably blissful exorbitance, and the soul then thrills animated by delirious new energies
C.S. Lewis, The Silver Chair|You would not have called to me unless I had been calling to you," said the Lion.
Persian Proverb|Love's a game where the odds are permanently fixed. The house always wins, and anyone stupid enough to sit at the table is lucky if they walk away with their soul intact.
G.S. Jennsen, Starshine: Aurora Rising Book One|Alexis, please mind your mouth. Cursing in Russian is still cursing.
John Dewey|I feel the gods are pretty dead, though I suppose I ought to know that however, to be somewhat more philosophical in the matter, if atheism means simply not being a theist, then of course I'm an atheist.[Letter to Max Otto]
Lawren Leo, Dragonflame: Tap Into Your Reservoir of Power Using Talismans, Manifestation, and Visualization|Once a month, ripe with psychic energy, the moon grows to Her zenith. Blazing full with the sun's rays through the night sky, it is with great compassion and love for her children that she luminesces.
Aesop|No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
Vera Wang|Design is about point of view, and there should be some sort of woman or lifestyle or attitude in one's head as a designer.
Salman Khan|The biggest thing we get out of it is seeing the kids smile. And hopefully we will also see that the lessons we're teaching - not only the fundamentals of hockey, but also the life values - are sinking in.
Henry Grady Weaver, The Mainspring of Human Progress|Governments stand because people sit; if people stand, governments will sit!
Chigozie Obioma, The Fishermen|From time immemorial, some men supposed to deal in one-valued 'eternal verities'. We called such men 'philosophers' or 'meta-physicians'. But they seldom realized that all their 'eternal verities' consisted only of words, and words which, for the most part, belonged to a primitive language, refleting in its structure the assumed structure of the world of remote antiquity. Besides, they did not realize that these 'eternal verities' last only so long as the human nervous system is not altered. Under the influence of these 'philosophers', two-valued 'logic', and the confusion of orders of abstractions, nearly all of us contracted a firmly rooted predilection for 'general' statements - 'universals', as they were called - which in most cases inherently involved the semantic one-valued conviction of validity for all 'time' to come.
Hasse Jerner|The task for parents and teachers is not to teach, it is how to inspire the people of youth to find their desire to learn.
Gregory Maguire, A Lion Among Men|He hadn't yet had enough experience with humans to know that the thing they hold dearest to their hearts, the last thing they relinquish when all else is fading, is the consoling belief in the inferiority of others.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Forbid statements like “will God ever meet me?”, “am I worthy of his blessings?”, “I am not sure God will bless me”, “what shows that I am blessed?”. These statements clearly tell that you are not aware of who you are in the first place.
Augustus Y. Napier, The Family Crucible: The Intense Experience of Family Therapy|It has been a long road for us as family therapists to reach an understanding of just this phenomenon-the sense of the whole, the family system. While we could have explained the theory of meeting with the whole family to the Brices, at that anxious moment it would not have touched them. There are situations where, in the words of Franz Alexander, the woice of the intellent is too soft. The family needed to test us. They needed the experience of our being firm. As unpleasant as it was, our response must have reassured them. They knew, and we sensed, how difficult their situation was and how tumultuous it could become. They simply has to know that we could withstand the stress if they dared open it up.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Lord of the Rings|If you posses enough courage to speak out what you are, you will find that you are not alone.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Learn,learn and relearn: become a great scholar.
Jorge Luis Borges|The works of the great poets have never yet been read by mankind, for only great poets can read the.
Tanela Hicks|The first draft of a book—even a long one—should take no more than three months, the length of a season.
Teresa May B. Bandiola|My mouth crashes onto hers, and as our bodies sway in time to the music, our tongues dance to a rhythm that’s all their own. Spencer tastes of liquor and spearmint gum. She smells like heaven.
Trevor Ravenscroft, The Spear of Destiny|Not only were the Jews expecting the birth of a Great King, a Wise Man and a Saviour, but Plato and Socrates also spoke of the Logos and of the Universal Wise Man 'yet to come'. Confucius spoke of 'the Saint'; the Sibyls, of a 'Universal King'; the Greek dramatist, of a saviour and redeemer to unloose man from the 'primal eldest curse'. All these were on the Gentile side of the expectation. What separates Christ from all men is that first He was expected; even the Gentiles had a longing for a deliverer, or redeemer. This fact alone distinguishes Him from all other religious leaders.
Leo Tolstoy, Childhood|Boys my age with whom, in spite of everything, I was obliged to mix occasionally, mocked me.
Michael Pollan|It may sound funny, but it's true: I tried to put myself through the 12-step program. I didn't want to attend a real meeting; my role didn't really require that, and I feel those meetings are sort of sacred, and they're anonymous for a reason. I tried to deal with some of my love of snacks - and I relapsed a lot.
Robert M. Gates, Duty: Memoirs of a Secretary at War|Where this lack of passion mattered most for me was Afghanistan. When soldiers put their lives on the line, they need to know that the command in chief who sent them in harm's way believes in their mission. They need him to talk often to them and to the country, not just to express gratitude for their service and sacrifice but also to explain and affirm why that sacrifice is necessary, why their fight is noble, why their cause is just, and why their fight is noble, why their cause is just, and why they must prevail. President Obama never did that. Pg. 298-299
Harold Cruse|In advanced societies it is not the race politicians or the "rights" leaders who create the new ideas and the new images of life and man. That role belongs to the artists and intellectuals of each generation. Let the race politicians, if they will, create political, economic or organizational forms of leadership; but it is the artists and the creative minds who will, and must, furnish the all important content. And in this role, they must not be subordinated to the whims and desires of politicians, race leaders and civil rights entrepreneurs whether they come from the Left, Right, or Center, or whether they are peaceful, reform, violent, non-violent or laissez-faire. Which means to say, in advanced societies the cultural front is a special one that requires special techniques not perceived, understood, or appreciated by political philistines.
Sena Jeter Naslund, Ahab's Wife, or The Star-Gazer|If you meet a woman of whatever complexion who sails her life with strength and grace and assurance, talk to her! And what you will find is that there has been a suffering, that at some time she has left herself for hanging dead.
Thomas Carlyle|No magic Rune is stranger than a Book. All that Mankind has done, thought, gained or been: it is lyingas in magic preservation in the pages of Books. They are the chosen possession of men.
Bertolt Brecht, The Threepenny Opera|And I did work out something: that the rich of the earth indeed create misery, but they cannot bear to see it. They are weaklings and fools just like you. As long as they have enough to eat and can grease their floors with butter so that even the crumbs that fall from your table grow fat, they can't look with indifference on a man collapsing from hunger - although, of course, it must be in front of their house that he collapses.
Chelsea Cain|I've got the best parents you could ever ask for. My parents are from New Jersey, and they met in Vermont in college. My Dad grew up listening to heavy, psychedelic music. He's my biggest fan.
Elif Shafak, The Architect's Apprentice|[Speaking to 29-year-old ex-guerrilla]'I see it as a process. First, yes, you do negotiate. But if that does not work, then you have to use violence to get what you need. Even if you have to bomb a school.' There was a swagger to that statement, a perverted machismo: only a real man understands the necessity of bombing a school.
Émile Zola, La Faute de l'abbé Mouret|For a few moments, raising his arms desperately, the Reverend Mouret implored Heaven. His shoulder-blades cracked, with such fantastic force did he pray. But soon enough his arms fell to his sides, his hopes abashed. From heaven came one of those silences utterly void of hope known to the devout.
Cory Hardrict|There are a lot of things and in order to be at the top and maintain your focus you have to have something that motivates you. For me, it was what I perceived as a lack of respect from the boxing world as well as the media, which made me want to work so hard and be great.
Mark Bowden, Black Hawk Down|No one gets left behind, you know that.
Bryant McGill|In reverent pauses, when we slow down and think about the gift of life, we may briefly touch humility.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|The teacher-student relationship evaporated, replaced by a rich and lively exchange of equals.
Lucy Larcom|People think of the inventor as a screwball, but no one ever asks the inventor what he thinks of other people.
Lao Tzu|If lightning is the anger of the gods, then the gods are concerned mostly about trees.
Mark Driscoll, Real Marriage: The Truth About Sex, Friendship, and Life Together|She was on a real, grown-up adventure, no matter how badly it should turn out.
Anthony Liccione|God is the light bulb, to where faith is the light switch.
Janet Fitch|What was beauty unless you intended to use it, like a hammer, or a key? It was just something for other people to use and admire, or envy, despise. To nail their dreams onto like a picture hanger on a blank wall. And so many girls saying, use me, dream me.
Garret Weyr, also Freymann-Weyr, After the Moment|What else is a poem about?The rhythm and the images buried in the language. All the ways you can build an emotion with words, but you can't just write 'I feel sad.' I mean, you can, but it's not poetry... I think it has to be experienced instead of studied. You step into it.
Veronica Roth|Yes, Father. They have the bravest hearts, the noblest souls, and the shiniest armor in all the world.”“Shiniest armor?” repeated King Ban.
Bill Bryson, The Life and Times of the Thunderbolt Kid|She hated being a nobody and like all children, adopted or not, I have had to live out some of her unlived life. We do that for our parents - we don't really have any choice.
Thomas Kail|To my mind, it seems clear that those who have no memory have the much greater chance to lead happy lives. But it is something you cannot possibly escape: your psychological make-up is such that you are inclined to look back over your shoulder.
Darmie O-Lujon|The morning behind the dark mist, the mighty and gracious cloud in the sky, scepter of power to the modest grounds yielding fruitfulness, you are the ALMIGHTY.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|We have made it our overriding ambition to escape work, and as a consequence have debased work until it is only fit to escape from. We have debased the products of work and have been, in turn, debased by them.(pg. 43, "The Unsettling of America")
Lupita Nyong'o|Life took over 4 billion years to evolve into you, and you've about 70 more years to enjoy it. Don't just pursue happiness, catch it.
Debasish Mridha|When you are beloved and express gratitude like the fragrance of a beautiful flower, you are happy.
Jorge Antonio Renaud|Prison MoonFour a.m. work duty and I beginmy solitary trudge from outer compoundto main building. A shivering guard,chilled in his lonely outpost, strip searchesme until content that my inconsequential nudity.poses no threat and then whispersthe secret code that allows me admittance into the open quarter-mile walkway.I chuff my way into another dayas ice glints on the razor wireand the rifles note my numbed passage,silent but for my huffs and scuffleon the cracked, slippery sidewalk A new moon, veiled in wispy fogand beringed in glory, hangs over the prison, its gaudy glow taunting the halogen spotlights.The moon’s creamy pull upsetssome liquid equilibrium within meand like tides, wolves and all manner of madmen, I surrender disturbed by the certainty that under the bony luminescence of a grinning moon The lunar deliriums grip meand I howl--once, then again, andsurely somewhere an unbound sleeper stirs, penitence is dying a giddy death.I shake myself saneand as the echoes hangin the frigid air I explainto the wild-eyed guard that convicts, like all animals under the leash,must bay at the beauty beyond them.
Henri-Frédéric Amiel, Amiel's Journal|Life is short and we have never too much time for gladdening the hearts of those who are traveling the dark journey with us. Oh, be swift to love, make haste to be kind.
Michelle Dennis Evans|What if, as an act of worship, creating something meant healing and restoration took place instead of pain and frustration?
Dream Theater, Metropolis 2000: Scenes from New York|If only, if only, the woodpecker sighs, The bark on the tree was just a little bit softer.While the wolf waits below, hungry and lonely, He cries to the moo-oo-oon, If only, if only.
Kris Kristofferson|Whatever woman may cast her lot with mine, should any ever do so, it is my intention to do all in my power to make her happy and contented; and there is nothing I can imagine that would make me more unhappy than to fail in the effort.
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Essential Rumi|Knowledge that is acquiredis not like this. Those who have it worry ifaudiences like it or not.It's a bait for popularity.Disputational knowing wants customers.It has no soul...The only real customer is God.Chew quietlyyour sweet sugarcane God-Love, and stayplayfully childish.
Sadghuru|Essentially, meditation means to experientally realize that you are not an individual bubble - you are a universe.
Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz, Poems, Protest, and a Dream: Selected Writings|Let us take our tongues and stick them out and waggle them in the wind. Let us walk, loving, let us walk and love, walking along, loving.
David Hume|If you're an atheist, you know, you believe, this is the only life you're going to get. It's a precious life. It's a beautiful life. Its something we should live to the full, to the end of our days. Where if you're religious and you believe in another life somehow, that means you don't live this life to the full because you think you're going to get another one. That's an awfully negative way to live a life. Being a atheist frees you up to live this life properly, happily and fully
Steven Pinker|When 'Midnight's Children' came out, people in the West tended to respond to the fantasy elements in the novel, to praise it in those terms. In India, people read it like a history book.
Carolina Herrera|When I was a very little boy, I lived underneath the air pattern of LaGuardia airport in New York and I watched the planes fly to their destinations. I was in love with the design of these airplanes.
Julie   Murphy|I'm going to get even, I swear I will. Mark my words, I'm a pregnant cranky woman with insomnia. I have time to plot my revenge.
Richard Marcel I.|When you fail to be your own boss, You are giving somebody else the contract.
Philip Pullman, The Amber Spyglass|He who lives for nothing costs the lives of many, but he who lives for something greater than himself preserves those he loves.
|We have all encountered some failures in our life, but some people became failures because they perceived theirs to be permanent.
Thomas Jefferson, The Papers of Thomas Jefferson, Retirement Series, Volume 9: 1 September 1815 to 30 April 1816|If a nation expects to be ignorant & free, in a state of civilisation, it expects what never was & never will be. The functionaries of every government have propensities to command at will the liberty & property of their constituents. There is no safe deposit for these but with the people themselves; nor can they be safe with them without information. Where the press is free and every man able to read, all is safe.
Debbie Tosun Kilday, No Limits: How I Beat The Slots|As I have pointed out before, characters are not born like people, of woman; they are born of a situation, a sentence, a metaphor containing in a nutshell a basic human possibility that the author thinks no one else has discovered or said something essential about.
Válgame, Poemas y canciones para el mal de amores Volumen1|Whom boasts about his happiness, cause doesn't got it!
Carl Sagan|Tune your television to any channel it doesn't receive and about 1 percent of the dancing static you see is accounted for by this ancient remnant of the Big Bang. The next time you complain that there is nothing on, remember that you can always watch the birth of the universe.
Louis Kahn|Architecture is a very dangerous job. If a writer makes a bad book, eh, people don't read it. But if you make bad architecture, you impose ugliness on a place for a hundred years.
Common|When you're in a relationship, if you just break it down to regular terms, people are attracted to something, and that's what they want you to be, and that's what you should just be, and for me, it's very simple - if I meet a girl and I say, 'This is what I like about you. Just continue. Every day.'
Carl Honore|What's the two things they tell you are healthiest to eat? Chicken and fish. You know what you should do? Combine them, eat a penguin.
Debasish Mridha|For all of the blessings of your life, be always grateful.
Virginia Postrel|I do not like people touching my underwear. That's just weird! I travel with a washer and dryer, and I like cooking on the bus, too.
Twinkle Khanna, Mrs Funnybones|We teach our children to study hard, to strive to succeed but do we teach them that it's okay to fail? That life is about accepting yourself? That there is no stigma in seeking help? Our Indian culture is based on worshipping our parents. We grow up listening to words like respect, obedience and tradition. Can we not add the words communication, unconditional love and support to this list?I look at the WHO research. The highest rate of suicide in India is among the age group of 15 to 29. Do we even talk to our teens about this?That evening, I am standing in the balcony, sipping some coffee and looking at the sunset. The children have taken the dogs and gone down to play on the beach. I spot my son. He is standing on the sand, right at the edge of the ocean and is flying a blue kite.The kite goes high and then swings low till it almost seems to fall into the water and all I want to say to him is that soon he will see that life is just like flying a kite. Sometimes you have to leave it loose, sometimes you have to hold on tight, sometimes your kite will fly effortlessly, sometimes you will not be able to control it and even when you are struggling to keep it afloat and the string is cutting into your hand, don't let go.The wind will change in your favour once again, my son. Just don't let go..
Ray Bradbury|I think one of the great problems we have in the Republican Party is that we don't encourage you to be nasty. We encourage you to be neat, obedient, loyal and faithful and all those Boy Scout words, which would be great around a campfire but are lousy in politics.
Anthony Bourdain, Kitchen Confidential: Adventures in the Culinary Underbelly|What I say is that, if a man really likes potatoes, he must be a pretty decent sort of fellow.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|I love you,' Buttercup said. 'I know this must come as something of a surprise to you, since all I've ever done is scorn you and degrade you and taunt you, but I have loved you for several hours now, and every second, more. I thought an hour ago that I loved you more than any woman has ever loved a man, but a half hour after that I knew that what I felt before was nothing compared to what I felt then. But ten minutes after that, I understood that my previous love was a puddle compared to the high seas before a storm. Your eyes are like that, did you know? Well they are. How many minutes ago was I? Twenty? Had I brought my feelings up to then? It doesn't matter.' Buttercup still could not look at him. The sun was rising behind her now; she could feel the heat on her back, and it gave her courage. 'I love you so much more now than twenty minutes ago that there cannot be comparison. I love you so much more now then when you opened your hovel door, there cannot be comparison. There is no room in my body for anything but you. My arms love you, my ears adore you, my knees shake with blind affection. My mind begs you to ask it something so it can obey. Do you want me to follow you for the rest of your days? I will do that. Do you want me to crawl? I will crawl. I will be quiet for you or sing for you, or if you are hungry, let me bring you food, or if you have thirst and nothing will quench it but Arabian wine, I will go to Araby, even though it is across the world, and bring a bottle back for your lunch. Anything there is that I can do for you, I will do for you; anything there is that I cannot do, I will learn to do. I know I cannot compete with the Countess in skills or wisdom or appeal, and I saw the way she looked at you. And I saw the way you looked at her. But remember, please, that she is old and has other interests, while I am seventeen and for me there is only you. Dearest Westley--I've never called you that before, have I?--Westley, Westley, Westley, Westley, Westley,--darling Westley, adored Westley, sweet perfect Westley, whisper that I have a chance to win your love.' And with that, she dared the bravest thing she'd ever done; she looked right into his eyes.
Latika Teotia|If our foundation is on God,then our burden becomes His and we sail through smoothly.
Bill Moseley|Armed with nothing more than a Facebook user's phone number and home address, anyone with an Internet connection and a few dollars can obtain personal information they should never have access to, including a user's date of birth, e-mail address, or estimated income.
Ryszard Kapuściński, The Emperor|...the majority in a democracy has no more right to tyrannize over a minority than, under a different system, the latter would to oppress the former.
Deyth Banger|Let's life bring a joy, and let's realise that this now is a lie and to make a truth. To make a real life!
George Eliot, Middlemarch|It is an uneasy lot at best, to be what we call highly taught and yet not to enjoy: to be present at this great spectacle of life and never to be liberated from a small hungry shivering self—never to be fully possessed by the glory we behold, never to have our consciousness rapturously transformed into the vividness of a thought, the ardor of a passion, the energy of an action, but always to be scholarly and uninspired, ambitious and timid, scrupulous and dim-sighted.
Dada Bhagwan|Even the slightest criticism of others is an impediment (hindrance) to Absolute Knowledge (Kevalgnan, Absolute Enlightenment). It also hinders Atmagnan (Knowledge of the Self), also hinders Samkit (Self-realization).
Debasish Mridha|Happiness is in simplicity. To be happy, always try to have happy thoughts.
Dean Smith|I loved the whole idea, first of all, of what friendship is. Very often, there are people that somehow you don't know how to declare that you are their friend, but you are their friend. That happens in a lot in high school. And outside of high school.
Ikechukwu Izuakor, Great Reflections on Success|There are three impossibilities in life: God cannot lie, God cannot change and finally, I cannot be a poor man.
George Clooney|We don't consider the Wizard of Oz or Father Christmas to be too old. They're still magical characters, and the fact they've been around the block only adds to their magic.
Jim George, A Man After God's Own Heart|Start where you are-do anything you can do, and do everything you can do, until you find something you must do! That something is probably your spiritual gift.
Adi Alsaid, Never Always Sometimes|All the recognizable cliques came by, and so did those un-groupable stragglers who were known by their little circles of two or three.
James Madison|The World Trade Center is a living symbol of man's dedication to world peace... a representation of man's belief in humanity, his need for individual dignity, his beliefs in the cooperation of men, and, through cooperation, his ability to find greatness.
C.S. Lewis, The Four Loves|I had tried to express myself, but couldn't do that because I was afraid that it will hurt someone. I never knew that not expressing myself hurt myself.
Walter Isaacson, Benjamin Franklin: An American Life|Life is full of possibilities and people should take an advantage of it to pursue success."﻿
Justin Bieber|As one digs deeper into the national character of the Americans, one sees that they have sought the value of everything in this world only in the answer to this single question: how much money will it bring in?
James Allen|To think well of all, to be cheerful with all, to patiently learn to find the good in all - such unselfish thoughts are the very portals of heaven; and to dwell day by day in thoughts of peace toward every creature will bring abounding peace to their possessor.
Laura A. Diaz (a.k.a. L. Diaz)|As a teenager I clearly remember mornings when I was getting ready for school when something would -just still me- and I would lean forward and peer very intensely into the eyes of the girl in that mirror. who is that? I didn't know . I looked into those eyes as if they had the answer to who I am or who I could be." So I would search the depths of those green and blue flecked eyes. Calmly searching the eyes of this stranger as if I thought that if I looked deep enough, or long enough, I would find the answer to why I was even here.I didn't know what I know now. That I could only find out my identity,who I waswhen I stopped looking into my own eyesand instead searched in the eyes of Jesus. Only He could REALLY tell me who I am. Who I can be. Who I will be...
Kristen Callihan, Firelight|Because we know he was simply a man, with weakness and frailties. Who yearned for the same things all of us do--to love and be loved
David Lagercrantz|More than any other modern tool, computers are a total mystery to their users. Most people never open them up to fix them or to see how they work.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie|It's not that I don't respect my parents' authority or appreciate all that they did for me, but when I was 18 I was able to move out, and I was out. I feel like a different person since then; I mean, it's obviously a big turning point in life. I feel like I've established myself, and I'm a smarter and more mature for it.
Chew Chia Shao Wei, The Rock and the Bird|The sound of life, Everyone has got their own song playing in the background of their life , some has melody and some has depressing music and some extra ordinary people are standing their choosing the type of music that they want to play - Be that kind of people.
Milo Yiannopoulos|My drummer, bass player, and guitar player sing backgrounds. They play and sing. I can sing all the harmonies, but I can't do it alone.
Jeffrey Tucker|The shallow consider liberty a release from all law, from every constraint. The wise man sees in it, on the contrary, the potent Law of Laws.
Neil Gaiman, The Doll's House|And Desire smiles, and forgets, for Desire is a creature of the moment.
Chloe Neill, Firespell|I’ll get you another red dress.”She wiped the backs of her hands over her cheeks at the snarl. “You will?”He glared down at her. “Yes. But you must not cry. I won’t get you any dresses if you cry.”“I don’t normally cry.”“You will never do it.”“Well, I’m afraid I may sometimes,” she said apologetically. “Women need to cry.”Lines formed between his brows. “How many times in a year?”“Maybe five or six,” she said, thinking about it. “But really, it’s usually a very small cry and not in front of anyoneAt that, his scowl grew even darker. “I will permit you to cry four times a year. And you will do it when I am here.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|The factory of love encompasses all, but on some days, does it seem to be one of suffocation, squeezing its target too tightly? And on other days not tight enough? Or maybe that is the breath of a living love knowing when to protect, when to release, and when to protect again. For we are the products of an active love - the Father the creator, the Son the perfecter, the Spirit the supervisor - but just like in a factory, to deny the process is to ultimately create a defect of oneself.
C. JoyBell C.|Freedom is a place, an area. It's a higher place. There are some other people that are here, and things that are here which are unseen. But you first have to set yourself free and believe in what you cannot see, believe that there is something more out there. In freedom can be found many devotions: a devotion to love, a desire to believe, a willingness to be happy, a perseverance to have peace. All these unseen things breathe and grow in the unseen soul. A free person is not an uncommitted person, but in a free person you will find a deep devotion, and a desire to be devoted to even more.
C.G. Jung|But it seems to me to be an imperfection in things of beauty, and a weakness in man, if an explanation from the shallow-side has a destructive effect. The horror which we feel for Freudian interpretations is entirely due to our own barbaric or childish naivete, which believes that there can be heights without corresponding depths, and which blinds us to the really "final" truth that, when carried to extremes, opposites meet.
Maitreya Rudrabhayananda|When the power of breath (Sa) is controlled it becomes rested (as) and in thatstate it transforms into protector(tra); this is the basic principle of life andconsciousness, wherein the senses, mind, intelligence all are protected anddirected through the power of breath in a rested state, this is called Sa+as+tra (SASTRA). It is the most powerful weapon alive and the most powerfulprotector as well. One who stills, directs, controls and allows it to rise fromthe core of the body to the subtle, subtler, subtlest levels of consciousness isconsidered to be well versed in Sastras. Ananth Yoga allows one to work onthe Grossest, Gross, Subtle, Subtler levels of consciousness, through thebreath power leading on to connect to the subtlest level of consciousness.
Elizabeth Haydon, The Floating Island|Once outside, the detectives advanced up an escalator and to a floor with two elevators. One was labeled for the staff, and the other for guests. In the corner was a plain grey door which led up a staircase.“Monsieur Leor…” Jean began. “Are you up for a challenge?”“You want to run up the staircase.” Leor concluded, plainly. “Like schoolboys?”“Ouais, monsieur,” Jean replied, with a silly grin. “You can consider it your preliminary training, if that helps your dignity.
Ha-Joon Chang, 23 Things They Don't Tell You About Capitalism|Sometimes oppurtunities float right past your nose. Work hard, apply yourself, and be ready. When an opportunity comes you can grab it.
Emma Goldman|With a fixed mindset, you believe you are who you are and you cannot change. This creates problems when you're challenged because anything that appears to be more than you can handle is bound to make you feel hopeless and overwhelmed.
F.C. Malby, Take Me to the Castle|The sublime beauty was almost hidden withing the castle walls. She believed that the treasured things in life were often hard to find - a pearl in an oyster shell, a kind word in the heat of the moment.
Jimi Hendrix|Don't raise me up, I am but a messenger.
Ian McEwan, Amsterdam|As Vulcan’s troublesome history reveals, no one gives up on a powerful, or a beautiful, or perhaps simply a familiar and useful conception of the world without utter compulsion – and a real alternative.
David Geffen|I am happy to make money. I want to make more money, make more music, eat Big Macs and drink Budweisers.
Ban Ki-moon|In the Middle East, it is clear that peace will never be reached without solving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. A two-state solution must be found and enforced.
Rasheed Ogunlaru|If you want to thrive, you need to sow the seeds of self-development.
Matthew Arnold|The patience that goes with the game, the little things that go along with the game, you have so much more time to think in golf than you do in football - you have to keep your thoughts positive. I'm not sure I've got that mastered.
Sudakshina Bhattacharjee, Improve Your Global Business English: The Essential Toolkit for Writing and Communicating Across Borders|You have the power to choose the words you write, so choose the right ones. And yes, this applies to the workplace too. Make a difference!
Felisha Rush|Don't allow him/her to have supremacy over you. People like them come and go, so never concede on finding the ideal soul-mate.
Trenton Lee Stewart, The Mysterious Benedict Society|Something about this made Reynie uneasy. Had he done so badly? Was this meant to test his courage? He did as he was told, closing his eyes and bracing himself as best he could."Why are you flinching?" the pencil woman asked."I don't know. I thought maybe you were going to slap me.""Don't be ridiculous. I could slap you perfectly well with your eyes open. I'm only going to blindfold you.
Nenia Campbell, Touched with Sight|If your career doesn’t work out, write a book about it.
Tracy Sillato, My Maasai Experience: Reflections|As a human race, we lost and we are still losing a lot of humanity in the process of progress
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|When the world shifts its focus on heart over mind, we will finally experience a beautiful global village for our children.
Sylvia Townsend Warner, Lolly Willowes|To die, to sleep - To sleep, perchance to dream - ay, there's the rub,For in this sleep of death what dreams may come...
Lindsay Eagar, Hour of the Bees|So what is it you're going to show me today?""A number of things. In fact, what I'm going to show you is part of a story. Didn't you tell me the other day that what you like to do is read?"Bea nodded, arching her eyebrows."Well, this is a story about books.""About books?""About accursed books, about the man who wrote them, about a character who broke out of the pages of a novel so that he could burn it, about a betrayal and a lost friendship. It's a story of love, of hatred, and of the dreams that live in the shadow of the wind.""You sound like the jacket blurb of a Victorian novel, Daniel.""That's probably because I work in a bookshop and I've seen too many. But this is a true story. As real as the fact that this bread they served us is at least three days old. And, like all true stories, it begins and ends in a cemetery, although not the sort of cemetery you imagine."She smiled the way children smile when they've been promised a riddle or a magic trick."I'm all ears.
E. Stanley Jones, Gandhi: Portrayal of a Friend|The opponent strikes you on your cheek, and you strike him on the heart by your amazing spiritual audacity in turning the other cheek. You wrest the offensive from him by refusing to take his weapons, by keeping your own, and by striking him in his conscience from a higher level. He hits you physically, and you hit him spiritually.
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Common right is nought but the protection of all radiating over the right of each. This protection of all is termed Fraternity. The point of intersection of all these aggregated sovereignties is called Society. This intersection being a junction, this point is a knot. Hence comes what is called the social tie.
Eoin Colfer, Airman|Naturally, we lunatics are the kindest of the bunch.
Ao Jyumonji, Grimgar of Fantasy and Ash: Volume 1|You'll want something mid-range. A 5.56 all right?""I suppose.""AR-15?""Ugh. AR-15? I'd rather not have my gun break down on me every second week." Besides, every wannabe and their dog had an M16 or M4 variant these days."G7.""Not accurate enough.""FAL?""A 7.62? Maybe," I said. "Though I hate the triggers.""As picky as a woman with her shoes," Abraham grumbled."Hey," I said. "That's insulting." I knew plenty of women who were pickier with their guns than they were with their shoes.
Sarah Kay, No Matter the Wreckage|My world was the size of a crayon box, and it took every colour to draw her
Jean Little|I've seen what you're going to understand, dear.It made me patient when confronting your temper.
Ambrose Bierce, The Devil's Dictionary|Man, n. An animal so lost in rapturous contemplation of what he thinks he is as to overlook what he indubitably out to be. His chief occupation is the extermination of other animals and his own species, which, however, multiplies with such insistent rapidity as to infest the whole habitable earth and Canada.
Cecelia Ahern, Flawed|Never trust a man who sits, uninvited, at the head of the table in another man's home.
J.P. Vaswani|For tolerance (and you must remember this when you grow older), is of very recent origin and even the people of our own so-called "modern world" are apt to be tolerant only upon such matters as do not interest them very much.
Tyler Knott Gregson|Some days I wake upand all I feelare the fracturesin the flesh that coversthe only meI've ever known.Some days,it's those exact fissuresthat let the lighthiding inside mepour outand coverin goldeveryonethat found enough beautyin the cracksto standclose.
Michelle Rowen, Dark Kiss|Pretty girls kissed me on victory day, their lips soft red petals brushing my face.
Ruta Sepetys, Between Shades of Gray|They were happy to help someone, to succeed at something, even if they weren't to benefit.
Helvy Tiana Rosa|Buku yang kau tulis adalah semacam jejak yang terus menyala di dunia, dan bisa menjadi cahaya akhiratmu.
Jane Austen|I no longer believe in love," she said bitterly. "When people claim to have lost their heart, it's usually only their wits that have vanished.
Dorianne Laux, The Poet's Companion: A Guide To The Pleasures Of Writing Poetry|A writer, like a sheriff, is the embodiment of a group of people and without their support both are in a tight spot.
Lisi Harrison, Monster High|This isn't going to be pretty. Rules will be broken. Friendships will be tested. And huge risks will be taken. But they're small prices to pay for true love and freedom, right?
Lisa Kleypas, Married By Morning|Merlin seeks assistance from Pigwiggen, the only one of Arthur's knights who is also a fairy, and they unite their enchantments to move the British Court to Turkestan. Lively end to Act One.
Bill Watterson|Blue thou art, intensely blue; Flower, whence came thy dazzling hue?
Laura Taylor, Intimate Strangers|In the sense of Lewis, I am a moderately 'good man'".~R. Alan Woods [2012]
Jodi Picoult, Salem Falls|It happens to everyone as they grow up. You find out who you are and what you want, and then you realize that people you've known forever don't see things the way you do. So you keep the wonderful memories, but find yourself moving on.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|There is no beautifier of complexion, or form, or behavior, like the wish to scatter joy and not pain around us.
Shannon L. Alder|This much is true: When you are about to effect the lives of hundreds of people, Satan will do everything he can to prevent it from happening. Often pride and anger are his best assassins.
Lauren Kate|In this lifetime you're nothing more than you appear to be: a stupid, selfish, ignorant, spoiled little girl who thinks the world lives or dies on whether she gets to go out with some good-looking boy at school...I'd still relish this moment...killing you.
Steven Magee, Electrical Forensics|Plants can be affected by stray voltage and they may show stunted growth, deformed growth, or go dormant. In extreme cases they may die.
Audre Lorde|By and large, women in New Zealand are fortunate compared with some other countries, including many in our own region. But there is still progress to be made.
Walker Percy, The Moviegoer|Last summer I picked up a yellow scrap of newspaper and read of a Biloxi election in 1948, and in it I caught the smell of history more pungently than from the metal marker telling of the French and Spanish two hundred years ago and the Yankees one hundred years ago. 1948. What a faroff time.
Lisa Samson, Tiger Lillie|When the I AM THAT I AM made nothingAnd rested, which rest it certainly deserved,Night now accompanied day, and manHad his friend in the absence of the woman.
Steve Berry, The Romanov Prophecy|The people can be forced to fear, but not to love.
Marcus J. Borg, The God We Never Knew: Beyond Dogmatic Religion to a More Authentic Contemporary Faith|The political vision of the religious right is for the most part an individualistic politics of righteousness, not a communal politics of compassion.
Poppet, Sveta|He follows me down, catching his weight on either side of my head so he can leer his face into mine, coiling muscles and immobility at me, “I want you to lay into me. Fight me.
Fuad Alakbarov|Every country needs its whistleblowers. They are crucial to a healthy society. The employee who, in the public interest, has the independence of judgement and the personal courage to challenge malpractice or illegality is a kind of public hero.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|Women's curiosity was given a negative connotation, whereas men were called investigative. Women were called nosy, whereas men were called inquiring. In reality, the trivialization of women's curiosity so that it seems like nothing more than irksome snooping denies women's insight, hunches, and intuitions. It denies all her senses. It attempts to attack her fundamental power.
Jaeda DeWalt|My past takes no hostages, no prisoners. I've let go of yesterday and am free to receive the beautiful gift of the present.
Marion Davies, The Times We Had: Life with William Randolph Hearst|If you're in a country and you want to learn about it, it's a good idea to go and found out what they have to say for themselves; you might want to write a good story about it, when they're not looking.
Gizmo, The Puzzled Puppy, What Donald Trump Supporters Need to Know: But Are Too Infatuated to Figure Out|Maybe the problem with lying is that once you start faking it, it's impossible to tell where the make-believe you ends and the real you begins. It's hard to be who you are, but it's even harder to keep up the lie.
Jeanette Winterson, Lighthousekeeping|Work hard, do your best, live the truth, trust yourself, have some fun...and you'll have no regrets.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|You’re human. You can’t be a “motivational speaker” every damn day of your life. It’s okay to have dark days. Allow yourself to go there, then come back up with a gusto, like you always do. You’re an angel, but you’re also human. Don’t beat yourself up for being authentic.
Mary DeTurris Poust, Cravings: A Catholic Wrestles with Food, Self-Image, and God|So this needs to be said, and so I will try to say it
Dada Bhagwan|If one departs from the bliss of the Eternal, he will come across the happiness that is obtained from the temporary.
Alice Steinbach, Without Reservations: The Travels of an Independent Woman|I suspected, however, that I wasn't homesick for anything I would find at home when I returned. The longing was for what I wouldn't find: the past and all the people and places there were lost to me.
Amanda M. Thrasher|I'm so sorry. I think I'm just tired." The socially accepted excuse for being mental.
Ana Claudia Antunes|Having unthoughtful thoughts for me is unthinkable, so much so that I cannot even think about that.
Stephen Fry, The Liar|This is what you have to understand. You grew up, you went to this school and that one, you made these friends and those. It was nothing. The future is a much bigger deal than the past, Adrian, a much bigger deal. Not just because it has babies in it, but because there are better people in it, who are better behaved and more fun to be with, the scenery is better, the weather is better, the rewards and thrills are better. But I really am not sure that you will ever...
Erma Bombeck|No matter who you are,no matter what you did,no matter where you've come from,You can always change,become a better version of yourself.
Isaac Asimov, Foundation and Empire|We are social creatures to the inmost centre of our being. The notion that one can begin anything at all from scratch, free from the past, or unindebted to others, could not conceivably be more wrong.
Anthony Powell, A Dance to the Music of Time: 3rd Movement|In fact, she [Pamela Flitton] seemed to prefer 'older men' on the whole, possibly because of their potentiality for deeper suffering. Young men might superficially transcend their seniors in this respect, but they probably showed less endurance in sustaining that state, while, once pinioned, the middle-aged could be made to writhe almost indefinitely.
Knut Hamsun, Pan: From Lieutenant Thomas Glahn's Papers|Do not forget, some give little, and it is much for them, others give all, and it costs them no effort; who then has given most?
Sylvia Earle|My personal ambition remains the same - to be creative, to be modern, to stay one step ahead, to enjoy life.
Brent M. Jones|To change yourself you have to move from where you are and take a step, then you have to be willing to keep doing it
Buddy Guy|Music has charms to sooth a savage breast, to soften rocks, or bend a knotted oak.
Karen Salmansohn|Often, overeating is a way to punish yourself for the anger and resentment you're feeling - either at yourself or someone else.
George MacDonald, A Hidden Life and Other Poems|But we believe – nay, Lord we only hope,That one day we shall thank thee perfectlyFor pain and hope and all that led or droveUs back into the bosom of thy love.
Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction|If a man thinks he is not conceited, he is very conceited indeed.
Ray Bradbury|In the world of miracles, you ask the impossible.
Dennis Crowley|I cooked at the White House for Easter, last year, with Michelle Obama. But it more had to do with cooking from the organic garden, and her message. I took my daughter and granddaughter there, and they were really charming, it was great.
Evelyn Waugh, Brideshead Revisited: The Sacred and Profane Memories of Captain Charles Ryder|One of the problems of the vacation is money, father.”“Oh, I shouldn’t worry about a thing like that at your age.”“You see, I’ve run rather short.”“Yes?” said my father without any sound of interest.“In fact I don’t quite know how I’m going to get through the next two months.”“Well, I’m the worst person to come to for advice. I’ve never been ‘short’ as you so painfully call it. And yet what else could you say? Hard up? Penurious? Distressed? Embarrassed? Stony-broke?” (Snuffle.) “On the rocks? In Queer Street? Let us say you are in Queer Street and leave it at that. Your grandfather once said to me, ‘Live within your means, but if you do get into difficulties, come to me. Don’t go to the Jews.
Andrea O'Reilly, Mothers and Sons: Feminism, Masculinity, and the Struggle to Raise Our Sons|The "new" Anglo-American feminist theory argues that too little mothering, and, in particular, the absence of mother-son connection, is what engenders both sexism and traditional masculinity in men. (...) This perspective positions mothering as central to feminist politics in its insistence that true and lasting gender equality will occur only when boys are raised as the sons of mothers. As the early feminist script of mother-son connection required the denial of the mother's power and the displacement of her identity as mother, the new perspective affirms the maternal and celebrates mother-son connection. In this, it rewrites the patriarchal and early feminist narrative to give (...) voice and presence to the mother and make mother-son connection central to the redesign of both traditional masculinity and the larger patriarchal culture.
Glen Cook|If you are old enough to feel angst about how a holiday “feels,” you are very likely no longer in the target demographic.
Eckhart Tolle|You find peace not by rearranging the circumstances of your life, but by realizing who you are at the deepest level.
Donna Lynn Hope|A relationship, of any kind, requires two. Some people want it all and expect it all, always looking outward, so often saying what they deserve, even more saying what they want, and all thinking another should provide it for them, but do they ever bother to be the person they think someone else would love to have? Perhaps, in order to get that better love, extend it first.
Wallace Stegner, Angle of Repose|Salt is added to dried rose petals with the perfume and spices, when we store them away in covered jars, the summers of our past.
Michael N. Castle|Jazz is the big brother of the blues. If a guy's playing blues like we play, he's in high school. When he starts playing jazz it's like going on to college, to a school of higher learning.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Everyone pretends to be 'free thinkers', but few individuals pass the line into expressive territories that may be detrimental to their own social well-being.
Amanda Hocking, Switched|Harris said, however, that the river would suit him to a "T." I don't know what a "T" is (except a sixpenny one, which includes bread-and- butter and cake AD LIB., and is cheap at the price, if you haven't had any dinner). It seems to suit everybody, however, which is greatly to its credit.
Maya Angelou|You don't grow up, she reasoned now, until you begin to evaluate yourself, to recognize your good traits and acknowledge that you have a few faults.
Dianne Sylvan, The Body Sacred|Consider the holiness of your hands. They are how you do your work on this earth; they are a microcosm of the hands of the Goddess, and can change the world as easily as hers can.
H.E. Davey, Japanese Yoga: The Way of Dynamic Meditation|By means of personal experimentation and observation, we can discover certain simple and universal truths. The mind moves the body, and the body follows the mind. Logically then, negative thought patterns harm not only the mind but also the body. What we actually do builds up to affect the subconscious mind and in turn affects the conscious mind and all reactions.
Friedrich Nietzsche, A Nietzsche Reader|As long as there have been men and they have lived, they have all felt this tragic ambiguity of their condition, but as long as there have been philosophers and they have thought, most of them have tried to mask it.
Thomas Vazhakunnathu, God Does Not Roll Dice|For years, I believed that God had been in motion on rare occasions and during biblical times, but I didn't understand that God never stops working on my behalf.
Marty Rubin|Love people, not places. Places don't miss you when you're gone.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, A Gentle Creature and Other Stories|Alas, I had always loved sorrow and grief, but only for myself, for myself; for them I wept in my pity. I stretched out my arms to them in my despair, accusing, cursing, and despising myself. I told them that I had done all this, I alone, that I had brought them corruption, contagion, and lies!
Jacob Daniel Plunkett|We do not leave those whom we truly love. We only break the hearts of those whom we can tolerate their hurts and can move away from their pain" From "The Jasmine Tree: Love in the time of revolutions
Mika Yamamori, ひるなかの流星 2 [Hirunaka no Ryuusei 2]|I will never return home to Elham. I can’t. To see her would crush me. I need to let her go now. And I need to move on. I’ve come to realise that she was right. We were two completely different people, and we didn’t belong together. But I will never hold any regrets of what we had. It will always be a time of my life that was perfect. Goodbye sweet Nell.
Mehmet Murat ildan|On Tuesday, December 7th, a lot of good things happened: they took the trach out, took the cast off my leg and my PT, Maria, had me standing.
Philip Pullman|After nourishment, shelter and companionship, stories are the thing we need most in the world.
Peter Drucker|While many hackers have the knowledge, skills, and tools to attack computer systems, they generally lack the motivation to cause violence or severe economic or social harm.
Ambrose Bierce, The Unabridged Devil's Dictionary|MAN, n. An animal so lost in rapturous contemplation of what he thinks he is as to overlook what he indubitably ought to be. His chief occupation is extermination of other animals and his own species, which, however, multiplies with such insistent rapidity as to infest the whole habitable earth and Canada.
Jane Austen, Pride and Prejudice|Words were insufficient for the elevation of his [Mr Collins'] feelings; and he was obliged to walk about the room, while Elizabeth tried to unite civility and truth in a few short sentences.
Anthony  Ryan, Queen of Fire|What do you think the world is if not just an endless parade of madness? To make war is madness. To seek power is madness." She laughed louder, throwing her arms wide. "And madness is glorious!
Nathaniel Branden|In any culture, subculture, or family in which belief is valued above thought, and self-surrender is valued above self-expression, and conformity is valued above integrity, those who preserve their self-esteem are likely to be heroic exceptions.
Benjamin Constant|The new America, instead, is fast becoming a vast ghetto in which all of us, conservatives and progressives, are being bled dry by a relatively tiny oligarchy of extremely clever financial criminals and their castrato henchmen in government, whose job is to be good actors on TV and put on a good show.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Farthest Shore|It is very important to a lot of people to make unmistakably clear to themselves and to the universe that they love the universe but are not intimidated by it and will not be shaken by it, no matter what it has in store. Moreover, they demand something from themselves early in life that can be taken ever after as a demonstration of this abiding feeling.
Ellis Peters, One Corpse Too Many|I don't know why you decided to wear that costume, but it makes you a symbol. Just as Robin was a symbol. Or Superman, or Nightwing, or the policeman who wears his uniform. And this isn't just a symbol of the law, it's a symbol of justice. When one policeman is killed, others take his place because justice can't be stopped.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|Magnus hoped if he ever went mad like that himself, so mad that he poisoned the very air round him and hurt everyone he came into contact with, that there would be someone ho loved him enough to stop him. To kill him, if it came to that.
Alan W. Watts|If you say that getting the money is the most important thing, you'll spend your life completely wasting your time. You'll be doing things you don't like doing in order to go on living, that is to go on doing thing you don't like doing, which is stupid.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|Without the support from religion--remember, we talked about it--no father, using only his own resources, would be able to bring up a child.
Stefan Molyneux|The woman who left abusive husbands in the 60's and 70's improved the institution of marriage because men now know that women can leave their husbands and the women or men who stay in abusive relationships are a massive advertisement to non- consequentiality of abuse.So, if you stay in a abusive relationship you are signaling to everyone who ever comes in contact with you or hears about you that abusers face no consequences to their abuse therefore by staying in an abusive relationship you are encouraging and subsidizing abuse.By getting out of abusive relationships you are saying the whole world over that abusers can't get away with it. That there are negative consequences to child, adult, or spousal abuse. You name it. It just doesn't have consequences for you, it has consequences for other people.When you break out and reject abusive and irredeemable relationships you are sending a clear signal which all abusers are listening for at all times. "Can I get away with it?" That's all they're thinking. It is my hope that abusers hear this and say "Oh shit. The game is up.
Stephen King, Doctor Sleep|At the end of almost every AA meeting, someone read the Promises. One of these was 'We will not regret the past nor wish to shut the door on it'. Dan thought he would always regret the past, but he had quit trying to shut the door. Why bother, when it would just come open again? The fucking had no latch, let alone a lock.
Debasish Mridha|Happiness is a perception of what you have, not what you should have.
Andrew Cuomo|Men at a distance, who have admired our systems of government unfounded in nature, are apt to accuse the rulers, and say that taxes have been assessed too high and collected too rigidly.
Adewale Osunsakin, Time To Awake Christian Magazine|A virtuous wife is an indispensable asset in the hand of her husband . In contrary, a nagging wife is a liability to her husband . There is nothing she cannot destroy.
Debolina Bhawal|Love is in heart, not in our brains...
Nicole Krauss, The History of Love|All the times I have suddenly realized that my parents are dead, even now, it still surprises me, to exist in the world while that which made me has ceased to exist.
Brandi Salazar, Midnight Masquerade|You like? she asked Slade. He gave her a head nod and she vanished behind the curtain.That's my sister, he said, pointing at the closed curtain.I shrugged. "I'm glad you guys are so close.
Tom Althouse|If you really want to get good at anything, you've got to work at it for ten thousand hours.
Yoshida Kenkō, Essays in Idleness - The Tsurezuregusa of Kenko|Looking back on months and years of intimacy, to feel that your friend, while you still remember the moving words you exchanged, is yet growing distant and living in a world apart—all this is sadder far than partings brought by death.
Sorin Cerin, Wisdom Collection: The Book of Wisdom|Hermes bowed his head in thankfulness to the Great Dragon who had taught him so much, and begged to hear more concerning the ultimate of the human soul. So Poimandres resumed: "At death the material body of man is returned to the elements from which it came, and the invisible divine man ascends to the source from whence he came, namely the Eighth Sphere..."Then, being naked of all the accumulations of the seven Rings, the soul comes to the Eighth Sphere, namely, the ring of the fixed stars. Here, freed of all illusion, it dwells in the Light and sings praises to the Father in a voice which only the pure of spirit may understand. Behold, O Hermes, there is a great mystery in the Eighth Sphere, for the Milky Way is the seed-ground of souls, and from it they drop into the Rings, and to the Milky Way they return again from the wheels of Saturn. But some cannot climb the seven-runged ladder of the Rings. So they wander in darkness below and are swept into eternity with the illusion of sense and earthiness."The path to immortality is hard, and only a few find it. The rest await the Great Day when the wheels of the universe shall be stopped and the immortal sparks shall escape from the sheaths of substance. Woe unto those who wait, for they must return again, unconscious and unknowing, to the seed-ground of stars, and await a new beginning. Those who are saved by the light of the mystery which I have revealed unto you, O Hermes, and which I now bid you to establish among men, shall return again to the Father who dwelleth in the White Light, and shall deliver themselves up to the Light and shall be absorbed into the Light, and in the Light they shall become Powers in God. This is the Way of Good and is revealed only to them that have wisdom.
Stephen Covey|A little learning, indeed, may be a dangerous thing, but the want of learning is a calamity to any people.
Jacqueline MacInnes Wood|When I travel, I feel more like a nomad than a tourist.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Happily, we do the work.
Fulton J. Sheen, Life Is Worth Living|Books are the most wonderful friends in the world. When you meet them and pick them up, they are always ready to give you a few ideas. When you put them down, they never get mad; when you take them up again, they seem to enrich you all the more.
H. Alazhar, City of Paradise|The high is what you crave, what you would kill for... and believe me, you will lie to yourself until it's to late to stop.
Richard J. Foster, Celebration of Discipline|The complex mix of unique people rising from different identities, beliefs, education, gender, upbringing, point of views and ethnicity have unequal sense in their impact in other’s status, opportunities, resources, talents, skills and productivity. It is very good to live with cultural humility that complements competency and proficiency.” ~ an excerpt from If I Could Tell You
Annie Besant|The FCC can't enforce press-statement principles without adopting official rules, and those rules must be based on the legal theory of reclassification.
Thomas Clarkson|For the happiest life, days should be rigorously planned, nights left open to chance.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|I just follow God's lead. One step, one day and one opportunity at a time. The hardest part is not becoming distracted.
Mark Hewer|It's OK to glance in the rear-view to see where you've been, but stay focused on where you are going!
Neelam Saxena Chandra|A smile is not to take, it's given.
Charles Frazier, Cold Mountain|Musicians add to songs and they evolve: For as was true of human effort, there was never advancement. Everything added meant something lost, and about as often as not the thing lost was preferable to the thing gained, so that over time we'd be lucky if we just broke even. Any thought otherwise was empty pride. p. 380
Sara Sheridan|Sweden is an open, liberal, secular and democratic country. We strive towards achieving equality; we are forward-looking and refuse to be pulled back by social constructs such as religion.
Manuel Corazzari|If you speak things into existence, they will become real..
Bryan Batt|From the beginning, the camera and I were great friends. It loves me, and I love it.
Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth|Every man you see upon the earth has some value within him already, hence you should treat every man you come across on earth with that worth and appreciation.
C. Mack Lewis|After earning a degree in Marketing at Auburn University, I spent the next five years in the business world, which is a polite way of saying that I had eleven jobs in a five-year period, including door to door sales, skip tracing people who didn’t want to be found, repossessing cars and collecting on defaulted student loans. During this five-year period, I did an in-depth study of abnormal psychology and sociopathic behavior – and then I divorced him.
Jesse Eisenberg|Kids will ask us 'How do you become famous?' It's the wrong question. Focus on the craft, not on the fame.
Ellen Hopkins, Tilt|The problem with falling in love is falling back out of it again, usually because you've fallen in love with a lie. That happens as often as not.
Annie Proulx, The Shipping News|It takes a year, nephew... a full turn of the calendar, to get over losing someone.
Saki, The Complete Saki|The world, whatever we might think about it terrified by its vastness and by our helplessness in the face of it, embittered by its indifference to individual suffering—of people, animals, and perhaps also plants, for how can we be sure that plants are free of suffering; whatever we might think about its spaces pierced by the radiation of stars, stars around which we now have begun to discover planets, already dead? still dead?—we don’t know; whatever we might think about this immense theater, to which we may have a ticket, but it is valid for a ridiculously brief time, limited by two decisive dates; whatever else we might think about this world—it is amazing.
Publilius Syrus|The word philosophy sounds high-minded, but it simply means the love of wisdom. If you love something, you don't just read about it; you hug it, you mess with it, you play with it, you argue with it.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|Words do have purpose; they are essential clues in determining actions, or lack thereof.
Sophia Dembling, Introverts in Love: The Quiet Way to Happily Ever After|You're different, you know.""Only different from you," he said. "Not different from me.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|Brother,” Artemis chided. “You do not help my Hunters. You do not look at, talk to, or flirt with my Hunters. And you do not call them sweetheart.
Jane Austen|I am now convinced that I have never been much in love; for had I really experienced that pure and elevating passion, I should at present detest his very name, and wish him all manner of evil. But my feelings are not only cordial towards him; they are even impartial towards her. I cannot find out that I hate her at all, or that I am in the least unwilling to think her a very good sort of girl. There can be no love in all this.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|I may not be sure if monsters exist, but I’d rather live my life in doubt than be persuaded by a real experience of one.
Flannery O'Connor, The Habit of Being: Letters of Flannery O'Connor|[T]he more man accepts his limitations, the better is he enabled to know things truly.
D.C. Leberknight, Globalocity: The Adventures of Raymond|If you go on the road hoping to find it, you might discover you've had it with you all along. That which you seek is yourself.
Tessa Shaffer, Heaven Has No Regrets|But in all of the sadness, when you’re feeling that your heart is empty, and lacking, You’ve got to remember that grief isn’t the absence of love. Grief is the proof that love is still there.
Mirza Tahir Ahmad|Swords can win territories but not hearts, forces can bend heads but not minds.
P.G. Wodehouse|One of the poets, whose name I cannot recall, has a passage, which I am unable at the moment to remember, in one of his works, which for the time being has slipped my mind, which hits off admirably this age-old situation.
Mike Klepper|Never reject an idea because you don't have the money, manpower, muscle, or months to achieve it!
|Failures sit around and wait for good things to come to them; winners work until good things happen to them, and still continue to work.
Robert Liparulo, Gatekeepers|To you, death does not simply end life. It steals away the sunsets you'll never see, the children you'll never hold, the wife you'll never love. It's frightening to almost lose your future, and it's heartbreaking to witness death snuff out other people's tomorrows.
Ewan McGregor|Shouldn't we stand back to back or something?" "What? Why?" "I don't know. In movies that's what they do in this kind of… situation.
Kailin Gow|I didn't want to fight with him. And yet I could not promise him what I most wanted to give - my love, the promise that I would stay with him in the Winter Court, that I would throw caution aside and be with him.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The bond of love, we unite the world.
Matthew Lesko|Bombing, particularly from the perspective of the receiving end, is not 'communication.' Bombs result in death and destruction.
Theodora Goss, In the Forest of Forgetting|At all ages, if [fantasy and myth] is used well by the author and meets the right reader, it has the same power: to generalize while remaining concrete, to present in palpable form not concepts or even experiences but whole classes of experience, and to throw off irrelevancies. Bat at its best it can do more; it can give us experiences we have never had and thus, instead of 'commenting on life,' can add to it.
Collette West, Game Changer|That big chunk of my life that felt like it was missing has slid back into place. With him, I feel whole again. For the first time in a long time, I'm where I'm supposed to be with the person I'm supposed to be with.
Chris Hedges|Yes, you are Eskimo," he had said. "And never forget it. We live as no other people can, for we truly understand the earth.
Patricia Briggs, The Hob's Bargain|Little Alice fell d o w nthe hOle,  bumped her head and bruised her soul
Collette West, Inside Game|I love you. I’ve loved you since I was sixteen years old, and I’ll love you until the day I die. And I just… needed you to know that.
D.L. Orton, Crossing in Time|The ultimate singularity is the Big Bang, which physicists believe was responsible for the birth of the universe. We are asked by science to believe that the entire universe sprang from nothingness, at a single point and for no discernible reason. This notion is the limit case for credulity. In other words, if you can believe this, you can believe anything. It is a notion that is, in fact, utterly absurd, yet terribly important. Those so-called rational assumptions flow from this initial impossible situation. Western religion has its own singularity in the form of the apocalypse, an event placed not at the beginning of the universe but at its end. This seems a more logical position than that of science. If singularities exist at all it seems easier to suppose that they might arise out of an ancient and highly complexified cosmos, such as our own, than out of a featureless and dimensionless mega-void.
Nora Roberts, Rising Tides|Maybe it wasn’t rational, but she didn’t like the idea of Leo invading her little world. Yesterday, Brooklyn had belonged to her. The Long Island ’burbs where she’d grown up had felt far away from the brick streets and renovated factory spaces of Brooklyn. In this job, she’d felt truly independent, putting down her own fragile roots in a new place. Fast forward twenty-four hours, and her daddy had joined the workplace and her ex-boyfriend had shown up to remind her of all that she’d lost. Really, a girl could be forgiven for feeling slightly hysterical. Not that there was any time to panic.
Tracey Bond|Life is worth living when God throws His Divine dice in your favor. HE has slow-stirred my life with Wisdom and discernment about all manners of people; which is no secret agent in my soul sauce, it brings flavour to the taste buds of God's blessings in my life with extra side orders of favor.
Madhu|Life is like a Sunset and Sunrise, when sun goes down it will raise back again next day, life is also same way, sometimes we have to face good as well as bad situation which will help us to learn new things which we never excepted that will happen.
Isaac Marion, Boarded Window|Some part of me remembers what snow is, but this is the first time my new mind has seen it. It softens the crumbled sidewalks and turns rusty rooftops white. It’s beautiful. It crunches under my feet as I move toward the house, longing to understand.
Terry Goodkind, Blood of the Fold|Why people wanted to dance whenever it got dark was beyond him. Somehow, the two seemed to go together, like bees and flowers, or flies and dung. Darkness and dancing.
Lev Shestov, In Job's Balances: On the Sources of the Eternal Truths|Suffering "buys" something, and this something possesses a certain value for all of us, for common consciousness; by suffering we buy the right to judge.
RVM|If you really want more, then cross the door and get to the shore. -RVM
Ciore Taylor, The Conversation Starts Here: A Perspective of Self, Culture, and the American Society|Reality tries to disguise the fact that this society neglects to provide equal opportunity established by God and clarified in the Constitution. Whether equal opportunity is given to an individual or not, he/she still has the equal potential within him/herself to advance and obtain a greater level of success.
Yann Arthus-Bertrand, Earth from Above|The Earth is Art, The Photographer is only a Witness 
Eliot Schrefer|Each of us should think of the future. Every puff on a cigarette is another tick closer to a time bomb of terrible consequences. Christopher Hitchens didn't care about the consequences of smoking cigarettes. Tragically, he died of throat cancer in December 2011.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|Snow floated down every once in a while, but it was frail snow, like a memory fading into the distance.
A.L. Mabry, Tales from Our Write Side|Best seller material, and she didn’t have to write a single word.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Midnight Palace|Those places where sadness and misery abound are favoured settings for stories of ghosts and apparitions. Calcutta has countless such stories hidden in its darkness, stories that nobody wants to admit they believe but which nevertheless survive in the memory of generations as the only chronicle of the past. It is as if the people who inhabit the streets, inspired by some mysterious wisdom, relalise that the true history of Calcutta has always been written in the invisible tales of its spirits and unspoken curses.
Robertson Davies, Fifth Business|Here and there awareness is growing that man, far from being the overlord of all creation, is himself part of nature, subject to the same cosmic forces that control all other life. Man's future welfare and probably even his survival depend upon his learning to live in harmony, rather than in combat, with these fo
Gavin O'Connor|I'm a dad, and I can tell you it's the most beautiful thing in the world.
Warren Buffett|We are all shaped by where we grow up, though that shaping takes different forms. I don't think there's any doubt that coming of age in Winnipeg both opened my eyes and made me hungry - if I can subvert all claims to be a real writer by mixing metaphors like that.
Kelly Wilson, Caskets from Costco|I realized at that moment that depression and I will always be linked, tugging back and forth, like the drunken uncle who still gets invited to the family reunion even though everyone knows he’s going to make a messy scene.
Richard Schickel|A sensible woman should be guided by her head when taking a husband, and by her heart when taking a lover.
David Eagleman, Incognito: The Secret Lives of the Brain|As Gazzaniga put it, "these findings all suggest that the interpretive mechanism of the left hemisphere is always hard at work, seeking the meaning of events. It is constantly looking for order and reasons, even when there is none - which leads it continually to make mistakes.
Allyson Schwartz|Russia also declared its independence. This was approved by the Supreme Soviet, and you know and remember that there was the Declaration on the Independence of Russia.
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|I am here to tell youWe are all of us just as mighty as planets—and you too,We'll let you in, we've got stalwart to spare—But you might have to sleep on the floor.
Ray Bradbury, The Martian Chronicles|I don't want to hurt anyone" Laszlo fiddled with a button on his tux jacket. "Can't we convince the CIA that some of us are peaceful?" "we'll have to try" Angus folded his arms across his broad chest. "And if they doona believe we're peaceful, then we'll have to kill the bastards." Roman frowned, somehow their Highlander logic escaped him.
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Accidental Saints: Finding God in All the Wrong People|That amount of time is to be converted into some products, benefits, goods, services, welfare, ministry, but most of us actually truncate this amount of wealth on daily basis.
Dada Bhagwan|Where there is insistence, there is worldly life.
Charles Portis, True Grit|I see that even as the world plunges into darkness and peril, you two stand around discussing your love lives. Teenagers.
Eleanor Brownn|God, grant me the serenity to stop beating myself up for not doing things perfectly, the courage to forgive myself because I’m working on doing things better, and the wisdom to know that You already love me just the way I am.
Elizabeth Gaskell, Ruth|There has never been any great person who never met great trials and oppositions but their patience, tenacity, endurance and perseverance saw them to the end as great people
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|I knew I should be grateful to Mrs Guinea, only I couldn't feel a thing. If Mrs Guinea had given me a ticket to Europe, or a round-the-world cruise, it wouldn't have made one scrap of difference to me, because wherever I sat - on the deck of a ship or a street cafe in Paris or Bangkok - I would be sitting under the same glass bell jar, stewing in my own sour air.
Christopher Moore, Lamb: The Gospel According to Biff, Christ's Childhood Pal|Active scholars are uniquely attracted by a high-quality graduate school of arts and sciences. Faculty members consider the teaching and training of new generations of graduate students as their highest calling. They believe that working with graduate students maintains and develops their professional skills more effectively than any other activity. It may be the main reason for the great attraction of academic jobs. Laboratory scientists have told me that the opportunity to work with graduate students keeps them in the university. For them, other options would center on research in commercial laboratories, but there the principal investigator would be assisted by technicians, and that is considered a far less creative interaction.
David Abram, Becoming Animal: An Earthly Cosmology|There are so many unsung heroines and heroes at this broken moment in our collective story, so many courageous persons who, unbeknownst to themselves, are holding together the world by their resolute love or contagious joy. Although I do not know your names, I can feel you out there.
Jason Silva|We want to build technology that everybody loves using, and that affects everyone. We want to create beautiful, intuitive services and technologies that are so incredibly useful that people use them twice a day. Like they use a toothbrush. There aren't that many things people use twice a day.
Oscar Wilde, The Importance of Being Earnest|Why is it that at a bachelor's establishment the servants invariably drink the champagne? I ask merely for information.I attribute it to the superior quality of the wine, sir. I have often observed that in married households the champagne is rarely of a first-rate brand.Good Heavens! Is marriage so demoralizing as that?I believe it is a very pleasant state, sir. I have had very little experience of it myself up to the present. I have only been married once. That was in consequence of a misunderstanding between myself and a young person.
Francis Bacon|Climbing to the top demands strength, whether it is to the top of Mount Everest or to the top of your career.
Michael Fassbender|I was going to move to New York after college and had no interest in pilot season. I'd seen what happened on TV shows because of my dad, and I didn't want to open myself up to that. But 'Pretty Little Liars' had a very early audition, and my agents encouraged me to go even though I didn't think it would be my thing.
Warren G. Bennis, On Becoming a Leader|Our nature gives us purpose, to reflect and act upon, responsibly by choice.
Henry Louis Gates|Each person does see the world in a different way. There is not a single, unifying, objective truth. We're all limited by our perspective.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Much of our food system depends on our not knowing much about it, beyond the price disclosed by the checkout scanner; cheapness and ignorance are mutually reinforcing. And it's a short way from not knowing who's at the other end of your food chain to not caring–to the carelessness of both producers and consumers that characterizes our economy today. Of course, the global economy couldn't very well function without this wall of ignorance and the indifference it breeds. This is why the American food industry and its international counterparts fight to keep their products from telling even the simplest stories–"dolphin safe," "humanely slaughtered," etc.–about how they were produced. The more knowledge people have about the way their food is produced, the more likely it is that their values–and not just "value"–will inform their purchasing decisions.
Tom Waits|Sean reaches between us and slides a thin bracelet of red ribbons over my free hand. Lifting my arm, he presses his lips against the inside of my wrist. I'm utterly still; I feel my pulse tap several times against his lips, and then he releases my hand."For luck," he says. He takes Dove's lead from me."Sean," I say, and he turns. I take his chin and kiss his lips, hard. I'm reminded, all of a sudden, of that first day on the beach, when I pulled his head from the water. "For luck," I say to his startled face.
David Brooks|I was always amazed at Cambridge how quickly people appeared to take offence at everything I said, but now I see plainly that it was not my words they hated - it was this fairy face. The dark alchemy of this face turns all my gentle human emotions into fierce fairy vices. Inside I am all despair, but this face shows only fairy scorn. My remorse becomes fairy fury and my pensiveness is turned to fairy cunning.
Eiry Nieves|Many a person over the years has tried- both successfully and unsuccessfully, to get rid of their inner demons. Those who are successful are deemed artists, those who are not are call dreamers at best and lunatics at worse. But where exactly resides that line on which two worlds collide? Does somebody know? Is somebody fit to tell? Who's to say that those deemed lunatics are not just successes on the making? Who says that those who claim to be just a tad bit crazy are not just as crazy as those that had completely lost it? Maybe, and bear with me here…everyone is as crazy as the one before them and the next one could ever possibly be. Maybe at the end- it's just that some have mastered creating a façade of calmness and collection while others don't bother going through all that trouble anymore, if they ever did. Perhaps we all have demons…it's just that some people have demons far more toxic and difficult to ignore than others.
Mindy Kaling, Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?|...We are reviled, much like black conservatives and any other minority group that says ‘no’ to the Left’s victimhood politics....It’s amazing that being a homosexual who believes in small government and personal accountability can get you banned from a Manhattan Chinese restaurant.
Joe Niemczura, The Sacrament of the Goddess|Exactly. I think the original tantric Buddhists took notice of was some very wise old people who never studied in their youth, but took part in a range of risk-taking adventures when they were younger, and finally became wise when they reflected upon their lives in old age. There is only one problem.”“Which is?”“Risk-taking is a way to die young. It is dangerous and you may forfeit the opportunity to grow old. An early death is not a sure path to wisdom in old age,” Ranjit said, running his finger around the inside of the pipe bowl, “and if you survive without reflecting, then you simply become an old degenerate.
litymunshi|Weather is cyclical. It’s falling and then rising. It’s movement. Swaying, drifting, and swirling. It’s power. Gravity, evaporation, and erosion. It’s a potpourri of human emotion. Happiness, sadness, elation, and disappointment.
Paul Silway, Heaven I - Paradise: The City and Throne|The future glories of heaven have been overshadowed by the present glitter of earth, and many Christians have sunk into a health-wealth-and-prosperity comfort zone from which only death itself or the rapture of the church would dare remove them - and even those would be unwelcome intrusions to some. Few people long for heaven. (pg. 158).
Robyn Peterman, Ready to Were|She swallowed his blood, a dark vintage from some forgotten cellar. She felt like Persephone in Hades, pomegranate seeds bursting against her teeth, juice rolling on her tongue, and the more she had, the more she hungered.
Terry Pratchett, Feet of Clay|from the Prize winning poem - UNBORN in the book Terra Affirmative."Under the surface / her body is curled, / seed of the one race, / shell of the world. // She is thw waterfall, / she is the womb, / she is the bubble, /she is the tomb. // Her hair flows upward, / blood red of the birth. / Her arms are folded / deep into the earth. // She is the fern, / she is the bark, / she is the lantern, / she is the dark. // Her eyes burn the flame / of the old and the young. / Her breath is the name / of each branch of each lung. // She is the ingredient. / She is the blend. / She is the beginning. / She is the end.
Stephen King, It|She shifted in her seat and took a sip of water. This was getting a bit too far out of her comfort zone. ‘Um, I would rather know exactly what I am agreeing to before I agree to anything.”‘I understand, but part of having an adventure is not knowing what’s around the corner.
Samantha Power|I don't think I am that materialistic, actually. Obviously at home in the country the art collection is important, but we have one big room in the middle of the house where we do everything - the television, the kitchen, everything.
Ella Wheeler Wilcox, Poems of Passion|Evening by eveningAmong the Brookside rushes,Laura bow'd her head to hear,Lizzie veil'd her blushes:Crouching close togetherIn the cooling weather,With clasping arms and cautioning lips,With tingling cheeks and fingertips."lie close," Laura said,Pricking up her golden head:"We must not look at Goblin men,We must not buy their fruits:who knows upon the soil they fedTheir hungry thirsty roots?""Come buy," call the GoblinsHobbling down the glen
Helene Hanff, 84, Charing Cross Road|I love inscriptions on flyleaves and notes in margins, I like the comradely sense of turning pages someone else turned, and reading passages someone long gone has called my attention to.
Eric Clapton|Hopefully my music is medicine, some type of antidote for something or some kind of explanation or just to feel good.
Curt Schilling|There was a side of me that knew I was gonna change the game, but I didn't know how many people would respect it.
Wale|I believed in fictional characters as if they were a part of real life. Poetry was important, too. My parents had memorized poems from their days attending school in New York City and loved reciting them. We all enjoyed listening to these poems and to music as well.
Sena Jeter Naslund, Ahab's Wife, or The Star-Gazer|He came to chat with me the day of my being discharged, advising that I not stay at the dog fight until the last dog was dead. I was a kid and made little counsel. Now that I am a bigger kid, I see the value--belatedly--added. Yet I also see the loss of life in the protecting, first of all, of oneself. Better to give oneself away. Dead f*ck the dog and so on.
Big Sean|I am thankful that all the people in the world who absolutely, positively, know what God wants, usually kill mostly each other.
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|His eyes are blazing with light, more light than all the lights in every city in the whole world, more light than we could ever invent if we had ten thousand billion years.
Michael Marshall Smith, One of Us|Cross-legged on the floor, you drink, hoping each mouthful will hurt; occasional flurries of spastic movement as you try to work out what to do with your hands. When everyone else is gone, your world is just a tiny box with the walls pressing in. Messages on the phone you can't bear to play, much less listen to, and nothing in the apartment that you can recognize as meaningfully yours.
Alexandra Fuller, Don't Let's Go to the Dogs Tonight|Because of my schooling, my fate would always be a little different from my friends.
Alice Walker, The Color Purple|Ask anyone concerned with race to fast, and take note of the response you receive.
Donna K. Childree|I recall those beautiful summer mornings with my parents by the sandy beach of Belek. My father used to teach me how to ride waves. I remember him constantly emphasizing the fact that no wave, no matter how big it is should stir enough fear inside me to keep me glued to the shore. He used to repeat those words while glancing at my mother with a smile that could set the whole sea on fire. My mother, sitting on the beach, too afraid of the deep blue sea, contented herself with building sand castles, ones my father would step on trying to drag her hopelessly into water. Step on your sand castle and dive deep. Dive deep into the unknown. Life is damn too short for building sand castles.
William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing|She vied so fast, protesting oath after oath,that in a twink she won me to her love.O, you are novices. 'Tis a world to seeHow tame, when men and women are alone,A meacock wretch can make the curstest shrew.
Henry Rollins|That can be the most painstaking aspect of being a teen, figuring out what the world really looks like. If you find someone in a book, you know you're not alone and that's what's so comforting about books.
Terry Pratchett, Wyrd Sisters|His eyeless skull took in the line of costumes, the waxy debris of the makeup table. His empty nostrils snuffed up the mixed smells of mothballs, grease, and sweat. There was something here, he thought, that nearly belonged to the gods. Humans had built a world inside the world, which reflected it in pretty much the same way as a drop of water reflects the landscape. And yet... and yet... Inside this little world they had taken pains to put all the things you might think they would want to escape from - hatred, fear, tyranny, and so forth. Death was intrigued. They thought they wanted to be taken out of themselves, and every art humans dreamt up took them further in.
Richard Adams, Watership Down|Victory at all costs, victory in spite of all terror, victory however long and hard the road may be; for without vicory there is no survival.
George R.R. Martin|It was grey windless weather, and the bell of the little old church that nestled in the hollow of the Sussex down sounded near and domestic. We were a straggling procession in the mild damp air - which, as always at that season, gave one the feeling that after the trees were bare there was more of it, a larger sky...("Sir Edmund Orme")
Ash Gray, Time's Arrow|Kimaria smirked and placed her hands behind her back. “Come now. It doesn’t have to come to that. Violence is so beneath us.” “No, it isn’t,” said Helianthus at once.“Well . . . it is beneath me,” the high queen said and touched a hand to her chest. “Unlike you, I am civilized. I wear shoes and I have a last name.” They watched as she eased into a chair. She crossed one leg over the other, folded her arms, and regarded them calmly. “Aren’t you the least bit curious as to how I snatched the famed Nineveh Atvaris from our dark past? You can’t be that boring.
Duane Allman|Kids need time for problem solving, critical thinking, applying knowledge through project-based instruction, working in teams, falling down and getting right back up to figure out what they didn't understand and why.
Mitch Albom, For One More Day|Being unheard is the ground floor of giving up, and giving up is the ground floor of doing yourself in. It’s not so much, what’s the point? It’s more like, what’s the difference?
Patrick O'Brian, Master and Commander|He had been quite unprepared for this particular blow, striking under every conceivable kind of armour, and for some minutes he could hardly bear the pain, but sat there blinking in the sun. 'Christ,' he said at last. 'Another day.
Dorothy Koomson, The Cupid Effect|[When I die], I will decidedly not be regretting missed opportunities for a good time. My regrets will be more along the lines of a sad list of people hurt, people let down, assets wasted and advantages squandered.
Kaori Yuki|In my crazy world, above all others...you were the only one who was the ugliest. And you were the only one...who was the most beautiful.... This is the unspoken truth.
Mindy Kaling, Is Everyone Hanging Out Without Me?|I don't advise a haircut, man. All hairdressers are in the employment of the government. Hairs are your aerials. They pick up signals from the cosmos, and transmit them directly into the brain. This is the reason bald-headed men are uptight.
Phillip Sweet|Keep your dreams alive. Understand to achieve anything requires faith and belief in yourself, vision, hard work, determination, and dedication. Remember all things are possible for those who believe.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The less you want, the happier you are; the happier you are, the less you want.
Nick Bantock, Griffin and Sabine|Pain and beauty, our constant bedfellows
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Live an exemplary life as a leader. When you are gone, you will still lead from the grave because your influence, impacts and inspirations will become and information for the living.
Micheline Jean Louis|The magic of love is available to us all; we have to learn how to align ourselves so we can connect to its source, doing so will allow magic an opening to manifest in our lives
Alan Moore, Batman: The Killing Joke|Even the staunchest atheist growing up in Western society cannot avoid having absorbed the basic tenets of Christian morality. Our societies are steeped in it: everything we have accomplished over the centuries, even science, developed either hand in hand with or in opposition to religion, but never separately. It is impossible to know what morality would look like without religion. It would require a visit to a human culture that is not now and never was religious. That such cultures do not exist should give us pause.
Walt Disney Company|If you don't like Cinderella because she seems so "naive" and "weak," listen to this quote from the Walt himself: "She believed in dreams, all right, but she also believed in doing something about them. When Prince Charming didn't come along, she went over to the palace and got him.
Dave Grohl|I once had a rose named after me and I was very flattered. But I was not pleased to read the description in the catalogue: no good in a bed, but fine up against a wall.
Sarah Michelle Lynch, The Risk|She licked her parched lips, moistening them, preparing them. “You could lose your job.”“You could be expelled.”“It’s unethical.”“Dangerous.”His mouth hovered only millimeters over hers. “We doing this?”She hooked her arms around his neck. “God yes.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|Yesterday I watched a curious nightfall. The cloud ceiling took on a warm tone, deepened, and departed as if drawn on a leash. I could no longer see the fat snow flying against the sky; I could see it only as it fell before dark objects. Any object at a distance –like the dead, ivy-covered walnut I see from the bay window- looked like a black and white frontispiece seen through a sheet of white tissue. It was like dying, this watching the world recede into deeper and deeper blues while the snow piled; silence swelled and extended, distance dissolved, and soon only concentration at the largest shadows let me make out the movement of falling snow, and that too failed. The snow on the yard was blue as ink, faintly luminous; the sky violet. The bay window betrayed me, and started giving me back the room’s lamps. It was like dying, that growing dimmer and deeper and then going out.
Bill Jones, The Ghost Runner: The Tragedy of the Man They Couldn't Stop|Then, I started running. And everything was as good as it could be.
Jojo Moyes, One Plus One|His agony somehow became an invisible hand, stretching out through the Force, a hand that found her, far away, alone in her apartment in the dark, a hand that felt the silken softness of her skin and the sleek coils of her hair, a hand that dissolved into a field of pure energy, of pure feeling that reached inside her—And now he felt her, really felt her in the Force, as though she could have been some kind of Jedi, too, but more than that: he felt a bond, a connection, deeper and more intimate than he’d ever had before with anyone, even Obi-Wan; for a precious eternal instant he was her … he was the beat of her heart and he was the motion of her lips and he was her soft words as though she spoke a prayer to the stars—
Melissa Hill, Something From Tiffany’s|All the reasons you fell in love are still there, but perhaps buried under worries and responsibility. Find them again, then hang in there. Truly, the best is yet to come.
Oscar Wilde, The Picture of Dorian Gray|Beauty is one of the great facts of the world, like sunlight,or springtime, or the reflection in dark waters of that silver shell we call the moon. You have only a few years in which to live really, perfectly, and fully. When your youth goes, your beauty will go with it, and then you will suddenly discover that there are no triumphs left for you...Time is jealous of you, and wars against your lilies and your roses. You will become sallow, and hollow-cheeked, and dull-eyed...Ah! realise your youth while you have it. Don't squander the gold of your days, listening to the tedious, trying to improve the hopeless, or giving away your life to the ignorant, the common, and the vulgar...Live! Live the wonderful life that is in you! Let nothing be lost upon you. Be always searching for new sensations. Be afraid of nothing...The world belongs to you for a season...how tragic it would be if you were wasted. For there is such a little time that your youth will last. The common hillflowers wither, but they blossom again. The laburnum will be as yellow next June as it is now. In a month there will be purple stars on the clematis, and year after year the green night of its leaves will hold its purple stars. But we never get back our youth. The pulse of joy that beats in us at twenty, becomes sluggish. Our limbs fail, our senses rot. We degenerate into hideous puppets, haunted by the memory of the passions of which we were too much afraid, and the exquisite temptations that we had not the courage to yield to...Youth! Youth! There is absolutely nothing in the world but youth.
David Filo|Incredibly, oil and gas companies don't have to pay certain environmental costs that amount to small change to them, while an offshore wind project start-up is faced with fees that could mean the difference between building a wind farm and packing up and going home.
Maria La Serra|You know, Daddy, I think that the most necessary quality for any person to have imagination. It makes people able to put themselves in other people's places. It make them kind and sympathetic and understanding. It ought to be cultivated in children.
Joe Joe Dawson|The Manifestation of your dream is probably right around the corner, that is why the devil is working overtime on you trying to make you give up.
Sunday Adelaja|If you want to live life, embrace change.
Gabriel García Márquez, One Hundred Years of Solitude|But the lucidity of her old age allowed her to see, and she said so many times, that the cries of children in their mothers' wombs are not announcements of ventriloquism or a faculty for prophecy but an unmistakable sign of an incapacity for love.
Thomas Lynch|That night, I dream. And when I wake up I remember watching a film with Nannan about a ventriloquist who went mad, his dummy coming to life and speaking for itself. My dream is like the end of the film where the ventriloquist and the dummy are in the madhouse, all these mad devil-faces pressed against the iron bars of the cell door, laughing as the dummy gets up off his chair and walks towards the ventriloquist who screams. The dummy strangles him. I can’t remember in the dream if I was the ventriloquist or the dummy. I’m in a funny mood all day. I don’t say much. I don’t feel like it.
Zoe Forward|�“You swore this deal would be a safe little exchange. I didn�’t sign up for this�—Chinese mafia and Hashishins. I�’m an MD, not special ops.�”Kira Hardy in Dawn of a Dark Knight
Serena Schreiber|The Devil loved watching children pour down the front steps of the high school like lava from a volcano. Trolling for souls. He posed in one of his favorite guises today, a school bus driver.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|In a relationship, when trust is lost, everything is lost.
Stephen King, The Tommyknockers|Blood was flowing – in Bluebeard’s house, in the abattoirs, in the circuses where God had set his seal to whiten the windows. Blood and Milk flowed together.
Holly Black, The Coldest Girl in Coldtown|Are you sure?" Aidan asked, "Gavriel's still a vampire."  "He warned me about you and about them. He didn't have to. I'm not going to repay that by-" she hesitated, then frowned. "What did you call him?" "That's his name," Aidan sighed, "Gavriel. The other vampires, while they were tying me to the bed, they said his name."  "Oh." With a final tug she pulled the blanked free and tossed it over to 'Gavriel
Lailah Gifty Akita|The Might God, Eternal Father.
Roger Ascham|The least learned, for the most part, have been always most ready to write.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We came from some place and we are trending in a particular direction. Without memories, we do not know where we come from, and we cannot project our future trajectory. Without a keen awareness of our history, we cannot pose any meaningful hypothesis or engage in any useful speculation regarding the future of humankind. Without knowing where humankind came from and failing to contemplate where humankind is going, we could never touch upon a comprehensive understanding of the mythology and mystery of human nature. Such a spectacle would preclude us from comprehending what it truly means to be human. Melodious memories assist us to feel in our bones what being actually entails in its full aesthetic splendor.
Chris Evans|Doesn't matter whether it's a teen girl who's pregnant, hasn't told her parents, or an elderly couple dealing with one of them being diagnosed with Alzheimer's. Those are real people to me. Those are the people I dealt with every single day.
Sunday Adelaja|God expects fruits from every calling, every talent and every gift
Erin Kellison, Scrape|What’s the goal?” asked Carlos. “I’m glad you asked,” said Harry. You – all of you – and I – we’re going to save the world.
Jose Antonio Vargas|With speed skating, it's like doing one-legged squats over and over again, with that one leg absorbing more than 80 percent of your weight. It takes an enormous amount of strength, and you're in such a weird position.
Samuel Johnson|Courage is not the absence of despair; it is, rather, the capacity to move ahead in spite of despair.
Gail Caldwell, Let's Take the Long Way Home: A Memoir of Friendship|The real hell of this," he told her, "is that you're going to get through it.
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|...those children were already beginning to repay her care by affording her small joys. These joys were so trifling as to be as imperceptible as grains of gold among the sand, and in moments of depression she saw nothing but sand; yet there were brighter moments when she felt nothing but joy, saw nothing but the gold.
Saleem Sharma|Some people make a difference, some people make you different.
Patrick Henry|The Constitution is not an instrument for the government to restrain the people, it is an instrument for the people to restrain the government - lest it come to dominate our lives and interests.
Henry Rollins|'Star Trek' is about acceptance, and the strength of the Starship Enterprise is that it embraces diversity in all its forms.
N.M. Cherraj|we often fall not because, not knowing how to walk but not knowing which way to choose.
Hu Shih|Shortly thereafter, some friends encouraged me to try out for the Miss South Carolina World beauty pageant. To my surprise, I won - and was sent to New York City to compete nationally.
Jess C. Scott, The Other Side of Life|Anya looked upon Nin admirably. Having him as a partner-in-crime—if only on this one occasion, which she hoped would only be the start of something more—was more revitalizing than the cheap thrills of a cookie-cutter shallow, superficial romance, where the top priority was how beautiful a person was on the outside.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|When motivation flows, people see work as interesting as music. They enjoy it till they do more than they could have done. Leaders motivate people to do greater things.
Robin Hobb, Fool's Assassin|The knowledge that he had left me with no intent ever to return had come over me in tiny droplets of realization spread over the years. And each droplet of comprehension brought its own small measure of hurt...He had wished me well in finding my own fate to follow, and I never doubted his sincerity. But it had taken me years to accept that his absence in my life was a deliberate finality, an act he had chosen, a thing completed even as some part of my soul still dangled, waiting for his return.
Roshan Sharma|A person archives self-realization by engaging in deliberate contemplative acts that serve to unify of all aspects of the self. To deny part of the self, a person risks spiritual decay.
R.M. Engelhardt (TALON)|The wall between writing and painting is just good grammar. Moderation in moderation. Fun is scary with a happy ending. Just love. If love doesn’t transform that which annoys you, it will be easier to tolerate.
Bernard Malamud|Someone who doesn't make the (Olympic) team might weep and collapse. In my day no one fell on the track and cried like a baby. We lost gracefully. And when someone won, he didn't act like he'd just become king of the world, either. Athletes in my day were simply humble in our victory.I believe we were more mature then...Maybe it's because the media puts so much pressure on athletes; maybe it's also the money. In my day we competed for the love of the sport...In my day we patted the guy who beat us on the back, wished him well, and that was it.
Dave Grohl|My dad died of a heart attack when I was 15. I was bullied mercilessly in middle school. I went through a divorce - those not-so-great things are all a part of me, and they give me a place to go when I cover those stories on the news. I'm more empathetic, more relatable because of them.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|Eventually we all must return home, Praetor. We must embrace our past, no matter how bitter and dark." — Orion
Milan Kundera|I understand you, and I shall not attempt to make you change your mind. I am too old to want to improve the world. I have told you what I think, and that is all. I shall remain your friend even if you act contrary to my convictions, and I shall help you even if I disagree with you.
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|You may be James the American, or Mary the British, or anything else, but before all that, you are a human.
Paul Tournier, Guilt And Grace|The Grace represents the interconnection of everything, the world of life and the world of the dead, Additive and Subtractive, as well as the spark of the gift that runs though it all. The Grace does more though, than simply represent Additive and Subtractive magic, Creation and obliteration, life and death, it connects them into a cohesive whole. The power of Orden deals with life, death and the whole nature of existence so the key also needs to have both sides. It needs both Additive and Subtractive, life and death to be complete.
Pedro Almodóvar|Let's stop pretending that we have all the answers, because when it comes to gender, none of us is fucking omniscient.
Michel Foucault|The institution of monarchy developed during the Middle Ages against the backdrop of the previously endemic struggles between feudal power agencies. The monarchy presented itself as a referee, aa power capable of putting an end to war, violence, and pillage and saying no to these struggles and private feuds. It made itself acceptable by allocating itself a juridical and negative function, albeit one whose limits it naturally began at once to overstep.
Graham Greene|The truth, he thought, has never been of any real value to any human being - it is a symbol for mathematicians and philosophers to pursue. In human relations kindness and lies are worth a thousand truths.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|My friend Bob, who is both a student of Yoga and a neuroscientist, told me that he was always agitated by this idea of the chakras, that he wanted to actually see them in a dissected human body in order to believe they existed. But after a particularly transcendent meditative experience, he came away with a new understanding of it. He said,'Just as there exists in writing a literal truth and a poetic truth, there also exists in a human being a literal anatomy and a poetic anatomy. One, you can see; one, you cannot. One is made of bones and teeth and flesh; the other is made of energy and memory and faith. But they are both equally true
Victor Hugo|This level reach of blue is not my sea; Here are sweet waters, pretty in the sun,Whose quiet ripples meet obediently A marked and measured line, one after one. This is no sea of mine. that humbly laves Untroubled sands, spread glittering and warm. I have a need of wilder, crueler waves; They sicken of the calm, who knew the storm. So let a love beat over me again, Loosing its million desperate breakers wide; Sudden and terrible to rise and wane; Roaring the heavens apart; a reckless tide That casts upon the heart, as it recedes, Splinters and spars and dripping, salty weeds.
Sunday Adelaja|Scripture states that it is the people of darkness who are supposed to be afraid of us, the carriers of light.
Albert Camus, The Fall|Men are never convinced of your reasons, of your sincerity, of the seriousness of your sufferings, except by your death. So long as you are alive, your case is doubtful; you have a right only to their skepticism.
Genereux Philip|We didn't do anything illegal, All we ever did was be black.. #BlackLivesMatter
Mark Twight, Kiss or Kill: Confessions of a Serial Climber|Codependency is a learned set of behaviors, thought processes, and habits. When combined together, they fit a very loose definition. All people exhibit these traits to some degree, but some of us allow them to dictate our relationships with others and ourselves.
Ivan Illich, Deschooling Society|Skill teachers are made scarce by the belief in the value oflicenses. Certification constitutes a form of market manipulation and is plausible only to a schooled mind.Most teachers of arts and trades are less skillful, less inventive, and less communicative than the best craftsmenand tradesmen. Most high-school teachers of Spanish or French do not speak the language as correctly as theirpupils might after half a year of competent drills. Experimentsconducted by Angel Quintero in Puerto Ricosuggest that many young teen-agers, if given the proper incentives, programs, and access to tools, are better thanmost schoolteachers at introducing their peers to the scientific exploration of plants, stars, and matter, and to thediscovery of how and why a motor or a radio functions.
Jeanette Coron|I’ve learned that you cannot fulfill your destiny if you’re not being yourself; you can’t fulfill your destiny, trying to be somebody else. We are created unique not so that we can fit in, but so that we can stand out.
Neal Shusterman, Antsy Does Time|I always hear people talk about 'dysfunctional families.' It annoys me, because it makes you think that somewhere there's this magical family where everyone gets along, and no one ever screams things they don't mean, and there's never a time when sharp objects should be hidden. Well, I'm sorry, but that family doesn't exist. And if you find some neighbors that seem to be the grinning model of 'function,' trust me - that's the family that will get arrested for smuggling arms in their SUV between soccer games.The best you can really hope for is a family where everyone's problems, big and small, work together. Kind of like an orchestra where every instrument is out of tune, in exactly the same way, so you don't really notice.
Travis Thrasher, Wonder|Everyone has to die at some point, so the thought of passing on together while holding hands with my one true love has always sounded like an amazing fairy tale. It reminds me of the old Shakespearean play Romeo and Juliet, and of the powerful love they shared.
John Holt|If I had to make a general rule for living and working with children, it might be this: be wary of saying or doing anything to a child that you would not do to another adult, whose good opinion and affection you valued.
Burgess Owens|Competing at the highest level is not about winning. It's about preparation, courage, understanding and nurturing your people, and heart. Winning is the result.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Until you do your best, don't try to take a rest. Until you take a leap, don't try to sleep. Until you top, don't try to stop.
Claudia Rankine|The United States has experienced more than two centuries of political stability. When viewed against the background of world history, this is remarkable. The First Amendment has played a singularly important role. When citizens can openly criticize their government, changes come about through orderly political processes. When grievances exist, they must be aired, if not through the channels of public debate, then by riots in the streets. The First Amendment functions as a safety valve through which the pressures and frustrations of a heterogeneous society can be ventilated and defused.
Sunday Adelaja|. You must know the area of your calling. If you do not know, then pray about it
William George Armstrong|Making mathematics accessible to the educated layman, while keeping high scientific standards, has always been considered a treacherous navigation between the Scylla of professional contempt and the Charybdis of public misunderstanding.
Icarus X., Phoenix: My Attempt to Rise from the Ashes of Childhood Abuse|I know personally that when a child is abused the trajectory of that child's life is changed forever. That doesn't mean the path to happiness is impossible, but it does mean there will be detours and side roads that were never intended. Come back from those places, my friends, with lessons and compassion those on the straight road might never have the chance to learn. You are now equipped to help hurting children because you've navigated down those dark courses and made it back. Cudos to you, but also let your shoulders feel the weight of the responsibility to help others who are still lost and struggling to find their way to safety.
Edmund Morris, The Rise of Theodore Roosevelt|Because widespread participation is so central to popular sovereignty, we can say that the less political participation there is in a society, the weaker the democracy.
Tyler Perry|It doesn't matter if a million people tell you what you can't do, or if ten million tell you no. If you get one yes from God that's all you need.
Colin Trevorrow|Marriage is like the romantic ideal, and yet the trappings around it and the culture about it are really the opposite of that.
Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X|I imagine that one of the biggest troubles with colleges is there are too many distractions, too much panty-raiding, fraternities, and boola-boola and all of that.
John Updike, In the Beauty of the Lilies|All right," Harry said coldly. "I'll answer your original question, then. You asked why Dark Wizards are afraid of death. Pretend, Headmaster, that you really believed in souls. Pretend that anyone could verify the existence of souls at any time, pretend that nobody cried at funerals because they knew their loved ones were still alive. Now can you imagine destroying a soul? Ripping it to shreds so that nothing remains to go on its next great adventure? Can you imagine what a terrible thing that would be, the worst crime that had ever been committed in the history of the universe, which you would do anything to prevent from happening even once? Because that's what Death really is - the annihilation of a soul!
G. Willow Wilson, The Butterfly Mosque: A Young American Woman's Journey to Love and Islam|Festivals and fasts are unhinged, traveling backward at a rate of ten days per year, attached to no season. Even Laylat ul Qadr, the holiest night in Ramadan, drifts--its precise date is unknown. The iconclasm laid down by Muhammed was absolute: you must resist attachment not only to painted images, but to natural ones. Ramadan, Muharram, the Eids; you associate no religious event with the tang of snow in the air, or spring thaw, or the advent of summer. God permeates these things--as the saying goes, Allah is beautiful, and He loves beauty--but they are transient. Forced to concentrate on the eternal, you begin to see, or think you see, the bones and sinews of the world beneath its seasonal flesh. The sun and moon become formidable clockwork. They are transient also, but hint at the dark planes that stretch beyond the earth in every direction, full of stars and dust, toward a retreating, incomprehensible edge
Tammara Webber, Easy|The great gift of a spiritual path is coming to trust that you can find a way to true refuge. You realize that you can start right where you are, in the midst of your life, and find peace in any circumstance. Even at those moments when the ground shakes terribly beneath you—when there’s a loss that will alter your life forever—you can still trust that you will find your way home. This is possible because you’ve touched the timeless love and awareness that are intrinsic to who you are.
John Patrick Hickey, Oops! Did I Really Post That|Every decision you ever make has its own consequences. Freedom is not the issue. You have freedom to do what you want, you just cannot do it and not pay the price for it.
Ilona Andrews, Burn for Me|How can it not exist? What does that—” A tiny grey body shot in front of the Land Rover. “Squirrel!”Mad Rogan swerved to the side, trying to avoid the suicidal beast. The SUV hit a curb and jumped. For a terrifying second, we almost flew, weightless. My heart leaped into my throat. The heavy vehicle landed back on the pavement with a thud. The squirrel leapt into the grass on the other side.I remembered to breathe. “Thank you for not killing the squirrel.”“You’re welcome, although now I want to go back and strangle it.
Oksana Zabuzhko, The Museum of Abandoned Secrets|That's what we've been taught, this is the underpinning of all European culture-this firm belief that there are no secrets that won't sooner or later come to light. Who was it that said it? Jesus? No, Pascal, I think it was… so naïve. But this faith has been nurtured for centuries; it has sprouted its own mythology: the cranes of Ibycus, manuscripts don't burn. An ontological faith in the fundamental knowability of every human deed. The certainty that, as they now teach journalism majors, you can find everything on the Internet. As if the Library of Alexandria never existed. Or the Pogruzhalsky arson, when the whole historical section of the Academy of Sciences' Public Library, more than six-hundred thousand volumes, including the Central Council archives from 1918, went up in flames. That was in the summer of 1964; Mom was pregnant with me already, and almost for an entire month afterward, as she made her way to work at the Lavra, she would get off the trolleybus when it got close to the university and take the subway the rest of the way: above ground, the stench from the site of the fire made her nauseous. Artem said there were early printed volumes and even chronicles in that section-our entire Middle Ages went up in smoke, almost all of the pre-Muscovite era. The arsonist was convicted after a widely publicized trial, and then was sent to work in Moldova's State Archives: the war went on. And we comforted ourselves with "manuscripts don't burn."Oh, but they do burn. And cannot be restored.
Reham Ahmed|If the gooseberry said: 'I haven't the heart to be a real proper gooseberry because if everyone were a gooseberry the world wouldn't continue to exist' this would be a stupid argument and the world would be deprived of a useful fruit.  If you are called upon to be a 'gooseberry' in all the senses--pleasant or ludicrous--of the word, you should be one with all your heart and soul, without a backward glance.
Iain Crichton Smith, New Collected Poems: Iain Crichton Smith|Here they have no time for the fine gracesof poetry, unless it freely growsin deep compulsion, like water in the well,woven into the texture of the soilin a strong pattern.
Rosemary Haughton, The Catholic Thing|Authentic leaders are often accused of being "controlling" by those who idly sit by and do nothing
Tom Rath, Wellbeing: The Five Essential Elements|If we can find short-term incentives that are consistent with our long-term objectives, it is much easier to make the right decisions in the moment.
Bamigboye Olurotimi|God designed life to be enjoyed by all, but human being turned things around and made it to be endured.
Risa Lavizzo-Mourey|True health care reform cannot happen in Washington. It has to happen in our kitchens, in our homes, in our communities. All health care is personal.
Hope Mirrlees, Lud-in-the-Mist|No secret can remain hidden for ever. Silently and patiently, it waits in the dark. It lets you build your life, carefully stacking the bricks one by one, and then it appears. It deals its blow and everything crumbles. That’s why it remains intact and incorruptible in time, waiting for its ultimate destiny to be revealed.
Snoop Dogg|Badminton is not only about winning. What is important to me is about playing hard, doing my best and putting up a good show for the spectators.
Shitij Sharma, The Girl from Rostov|The death of a loved one is one of the worst experiences that life has to offer and yet it’s unavoidable, the only alternative being never loving in the first place. Life is so feeble, its flame extinguished as easily as blowing out a candle. All it takes is a misplaced step or disease, life eventually takes its course and the destination is always death.
Paolo Nutini|Right from the start, you were a thief, you stole my heart.
Virginia Woolf|Does it explain my astonishment the other day when Z, most humane, most modest of men, taking up some book by Rebecca West and reading a passage in it, exclaimed, 'The arrant feminist! She says that men are snobs!' The exclamation, to me so surprising - for why was Miss West an arrant feminist for making a possibly true if uncomplimentary statement about the other sex? - was not merely the cry of wounded vanity; it was a protest against some infringement of his power to believe in himself. Women have served all these centuries as looking glasses possessing the magic and delicious power of reflecting the figure of man at twice its natural size.
Vladimir Lenin|Unity is a great thing and a great slogan. But what the workers’ cause needs is the unity of Marxists, not unity between Marxists, and opponents and distorters of Marxism.
Hank Bracker|Che” Guevara with about two thousand guerrilla fighters entered Havana on January 2, 1959. Their entry was relatively quiet as they headed for the Malecon and the old Spanish fortress, overlooking the entrance of Havana harbor. At 3:00 a.m. early the following morning, they took over the imposing La Cabaña fortress. In anticipation of Guevara’s arrival the three thousand regular army soldiers, assigned to the fort, stood in formation as their officers greeted Guevara. Addressing the troops, “Che” light-heartedly told them that they could teach his men how to march, but that his rebels could teach them how to fight.When they were dismissed, he had them turn in their rifles but allowed the officers to retain their pistols. He granted them all a month’s furlough; however, upon their return they discovered that they had all been relieved of duty and permanently discharged.
Bill Bryan|But that’s the wonderful thing about foreign travel, suddenly you are five years old again. You can’t read anything, you have only the most basic sense of how things work, you can’t even reliably cross the street without endangering your life. Your whole existence becomes a series of interesting guesses.
Cassandra Clare, City of Heavenly Fire|He’s not feeling well,” Clary said, catching at Simon’s wrist. “We’re going.” “No,” Simon said. “No, I — I need to talk to him. To the Inquisitor." Robert reached into his jacket and drew out a crucifix. Clary stared in shock as he held it up between himself and Simon. “I speak to the Night’s Children Council representative, or to the head of the New York clan,” he said. “Not to any vampire who comes to knock at my door —“ Simon reached out and plucked the cross out of Robert’s hand. “Wrong religion,” he said.
Mike Klepper|Uh, she said maybe your eyes matched the Fog like a synchronous magnetic field?” “I don’t even know what language that is.
Adrienne Mayor|It takes a certain amount of courage to tackle very hard problems in science, I now realise. You don't know what the timescale of your work will be: decades or only a few years.
Mary Kate|Entirely taken up by the present, I could remember nothing; I had no distinct notion of myself as a person, nor had I the least idea of what had just happened to me. I did not know who I was, nor where I was; I felt neither pain, fear, nor anxiety. I watched my blood flowing as I might have watched a stream, without even thinking that the blood had anything to do with me. I felt throughout my whole being such a wonderful calm, that whenever I recall this feeling I can find nothing to compare with it in all the pleasures that stir our lives.
Miles Anthony Smith, Why Leadership Sucks™ Fundamentals of Level 5 Leadership and Servant Leadership|Aft the more honour, forward the better man
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Humility puts others first because "first" takes on new meaning through the practice of humility.
Kcat Yarza, KCAT CAN: I have a pen that writes|When a presidential candidate is publicly requesting help from the Russians, you know that there is something seriously going wrong in the USA.
H. L. Balcomb|It thanked her for the life she breathed into hits being; without her influence, this little being would not have been in the Garden of Glory.
Orrin Woodward|True leaders apply law and grace, for those who only apply only law have little influence and those who apply only grace do not influence properly.
Stephen Richards, Street Warrior: The True Story of the Legendary Malcolm Price, Britain's Hardest Man|I was so incensed that I was oblivious to all as I ran over broken glass, holding a five-foot weightlifting bar. The glass tore the soles of my feet as I chased the gang’s car up the street. I remember breathing heavily as I cursed failing to catch my enemies.
Eula Biss, Notes from No Man's Land: American Essays|Maybe, in the end, a home is a place where you have no other choice but to stay.
H.L. Balcomb, Credere: "Latin for 'To Believe' that we mature not by age, but by stories." 2nd Edition coming Dec. 25, 2017|Photos sat on the piano and shelves bulged with books, testament to a life well lived.
Nicole Christie, Falling for the Ghost of You|You know what the secret to a happy life is?""No regrets. Just live in the moment.
William Bradford, Bradford: Of Plymouth Plantation|Thus out of small beginnings greater things have been produced by His hand that made all things of nothing, and gives being to all things that are; and, as one small candle may light a thousand, so the light here kindled hath shone unto many...
Fakeer Ishavardas|Everybody has a breaking point; the fact is, you don’t know where it is until you get there”.
Carl Sagan|If it can be destroyed by the truth, it deserves to be destroyed by the truth.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Your back may be pushed against the wall, but your brain is not.
Christopher Pike, Chain Letter|I saw the massive stone altar first begin to glow like a ruby; then it was a heart of liquid gold like a solid single-crystal chrysoprase: the gold intensified into ice-cold emerald and passed into the dark sapphire of an arctic sky; this again withdrew into a violet so deep that the visual purple of the eye itself seemed absorbed in that depth, that abyss of color in which sight was being drowned. And as this intensification of vibrancy seemed to sweep across the visible spectrum up to those ranges where energy absorbs all mass and that which can pierce the most solid is itself fine beyond all substance, so it seemed with hearing. That abyss of sound which I had been thinking of as only depth, it, too, seemed to rise or, rather, I suppose I was carried up on some rising wave which explored the deep of the height.As the light drew toward the invisible, I experienced a sound so acute that I can only remember feeling to myself that this was the note emitted when the visible universe returns to the unmanifest—this was the consummatum est of creation. I knew that an aperture was opening in the solid manifold. The things of sense were passing with the music of their own transmutation, out of sight. Veil after veil was evaporating under the blaze of the final Radiance. Suddenly I knew terror as never before. The only words which will go near to recreating in me some hint of that actual mode are those which feebly point toward the periphery of panic by saying that all things men dread are made actually friendly by this ultimate awfulness. Every human horror, every evil that the physical body may suffer, seemed, beside this that loomed before me, friendly, homely, safe. The rage of a leaping tiger would have been a warm embrace. The hell of a forest wrapped in a hurricane of fire, the subzero desolation of the antarctic blizzard, would have been only the familiar motions of a simple well-known world. Yes, even the worst, most cunning and cruel evil would only be the normal reassuring behavior of a well-understood, much-sympathized-with child. Against This, the ultimate Absolute, how friendly became anything less, anything relative.
Joel N. Ross, The Lost Compass|Did Cap’n Vidious leave that? He is such a cuddlebunny.” “Yeah,” I said, “that’s exactly how I’d describe him.
|In order for your dream to come into manifestation, you must first repeatedly envision its possibility in your mental imagination.
Rebecca McNutt, Restless Souls and Shallow Graves: A Short Story|Directing a funeral isn’t about death at all. Funerals are for the living, not the dead.
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|When he came home with the traditional gift of underwear bought with his first paycheck, she barely looked at it, and coldly shot at him, “What about what you were going to be?
Robert Kroese, Disenchanted|Boric, feeling dizzy and light-headed, shambled toward Randor’s corpse, which was still making an impressive effort to pump blood to Randor’s head. His head unfortunately lay some three feet away — an insurmountable distance for even the most robust circulatory system.
Michael S. Horton|If, in Him all things hold together, why would anyone ever want to be apart from Him?
Samuel Chadwick|There is no power like that of prevailing prayer - of Abraham pleading for Sodom, Jacob wrestling in the stillness of the night, Moses standing in the breach, Hannah intoxicated with sorrow, David heartbroken with remorse and grief, Jesus in sweat and blood. Add to this list from the records of the church your personal observation and experience, and always there is cost of passion unto blood. Such prayer prevails. It turns ordinary mortals into men of power. It brings power. It brings fire. It brings rain. It brings life. It brings God.
David Benatar, Better Never to Have Been: The Harm of Coming into Existence|Fulfilled desires, like pleasures (even of the intrinsic kind), are states of achievement rather than default states. For instance, one has to work at satiating oneself, while hunger comes naturally. After one has eaten or taken liquid, bowel and bladder discomfort ensues quite naturally and we have to seek relief. One has to seek out pleasurable sensations, in the absence of which blandness comes naturally. The upshot of this is that we must continually work at keeping suffering (including tedium) at bay, and we can do so only imperfectly. Dissatisfaction does and must pervade life. There are moments, perhaps even periods, of satisfaction, but they occur against a background of dissatisfied striving. Pollyannaism may cause most people to blur out this background, but it remains there.
James Weldon Johnson|What ever disunites man from God, also disunites man from man.
Ziad K. Abdelnour|I told you, you're my black pearl. When i first set eyes on you in the servant's hall I thought you were the most beautiful thing I had ever seen in my life.
Isaac Bashevis Singer|I love things made out of animals. It's just so funny to think of someone saying, "I need a letter opener. I guess I'll have to kill a deer.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|CAUSE AND EFFECTYou can give a man who has never given you a good word,Volumes of knowledge.And you can give a man who has never given you a gift,A thousand gifts.You can give that same man who has never given you a blessing,A thousand blessings.And you can offer that same man who has neverOffered a hand to help you grow,Seeds to help him grow a garden.And while you have never seen true kindness from his direction,You still offer to help push him up.And in the end,He only wants to be the hand that pulls you down.Do not worry, my friends.Cause and effect was written by the stars of the universe.He who passes suffering onto othersWill also have that suffering passed onto his own children.Gifts he feels he should have in the next lifetime will be unobtainable.And the help he needs to grow in the next lifetime will be unavailable.And the people he cuts down that were good to him,Will cut him down in the next lifetime.What goes around does come back again,Even through your children.There is a vibrational effectIn every action,Just as there isA vibration that ringsFrom every letterIn every word.No cause occurs without effectAnd no effect occurs without cause.No unjust action goes without penaltyAnd no action or thoughtFlows unnoticedThroughoutThe universe.
A.A. Milne, Winnie-the-Pooh|Pooh hasn't much Brain, but he never comes to any harm. He does silly things and they turn out right. There's Owl. Owl hasn't exactly got Brain, but he Knows Things. He would know the Right Thing to Do when Surrounded by Water. There's Rabbit. He hasn't Learnt in Books, but he can always Think of a Clever Plan. There's Kanga. She isn't Clever, Kanga isn't, but she would be so anxious about Roo that she would do a Good Thing to Do without thinking about it. And then there's Eeyore. And Eeyore is so miserable anyhow that he wouldn't mind about this.
John Mark Green|When did your flight plan become a holding pattern, always circling happiness, but never allowed to land? Distracted by in-flight movies, drinks, and snacks, until the fuel runs out. Is this really all there is? Is this what you want out of life?
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|What is seen by all on FB becomes what each person also sees in the mirror when he sees himself. The others’ gaze, but also the others’ values, opinions, and judgements become one’s own.
Jane Austen, Mansfield Park|I am worn out with civility. I have been talking incessantly all night, and with nothing to say. But with you there may be peace. You will not want to be talked to. Let us have the luxury of silence.
Mary Kay Ash|Indomitable perseverance in a business, properly understood, always ensures ultimate success.
Tiffany Madison|As a civilian, I know nothing about combat, the Marine Corps experience or modern man's struggle adjusting to peace after war. I only know what's been shared with me; confidences I would never betray, nor use as details in a novel.
Roger Federer|My dad is so unique in what he does. It's not like I'm taking a torch from him and doing his thing. I hope I've carried from him a little bit of a sense of irony, a little bit of a wink.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|Man is gifted with reason; he is life being aware of itself; he has awareness of himself, of his fellow man, of his past, and of the possibilities of his future. This awareness of himself as a separate entity, the awareness of his own short life span, of the fact that without his will he is born and against his will he dies, that he will die before those whom he loves, or they before him, the awareness of his aloneness and separateness, of his helplessness before the forces of nature and of society, all this makes his separate, disunited existence an unbearable prison. He would become insane could he not liberate himself from this prison and reach out, unite himself in some form or other with men, with the world outside.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Science, they say, can tap the brain of man and alter his desires. But the Bible, which has withstood the ravages of time . . . says that we are possessed of a sinful, fallen nature which wars against us.
Drew Barrymore|My mother had very humble beginnings - to put it mildly. Her dad built their home out of timber that he cut down on their land. No heat, no air-conditioning - 'no foolishness,' as he would call it.
Kieran Revell, The Unstoppable Power Within: Imagine the Possibilities|The will to succeed should be powerful: The willingness to prepare for success is paramount (KR, 1990)
Diana Gabaldon, An Echo in the Bone|True, the body's easily maimed, and the spirit can be crippled - yet there's that in a man that is never destroyed.
Ben Stein|Screaming at children over their grades, especially to the point of the child's tears, is child abuse, pure and simple. It's not funny and it's not good parenting. It is a crushing, scarring, disastrous experience for the child. It isn't the least bit funny.
Zeina Kassem, Crossing|Our dead become the photographs and words we hang on the walls, but they also hang on the walls of our hearts, the windows of our lips, and the sobs in our voices.
Martin Luther King Jr.|We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope.
S. J. Kincaid|I am a dead man, that's all......My Brain doesn't workproperly.My Brain is diagonessed officially dead....
Homaro Cantu|Photography records the gamut of feelings written on the human face, the beauty of the earth and skies that man has inherited, and the wealth and confusion man has created. It is a major force in explaining man to man.
Pope Benedict XVI, God Is Love: Deus Caritas Est|God's love for his people is so great that it turns God against himself, his love against his justice.
Berton Braley|I hide myself behind, a cloud of smoke; the smoke screen varies, dependent on the variable. The variable consists of: stress, anguish, boredom, madness, anger, depression, apathy, negativity, sex, violence & a little chunk of chaos.
Amit Kalantri|If you think rightly, every problem is financial problem or eventually becomes one.
William S. Burroughs|Jesus Christ said 'by their fruits ye shall know them,' not by their disclaimers.
Deepika Padukone|There can only be one state of mind as you approach any profound test; total concentration, a spirit of togetherness, and strength.
Jazmin Bois|I wonder if every genius has a touch of madness, does everyone that's normal have a touch or retardation?
Najaf Mazari, The Rugmaker of Mazar-e-Sharif|If you don't doubt it, be 'bout it. Intuition is soul's watchman.
Alanis Morissette|Part of being famous is offering up this blank screen upon which people can project everything, and it's a sacred act, putting yourself out there, in a way that lots of celebrities aren't steeled for; they're not prepared for the degree to which people define them.
Ace Boggess, A Song Without a Melody|There are basically three types of songs: loved songs, unloved songs, and transitional songs written by tired people in between the two. Love songs are cheesy, unloved songs are depressing, and transitional songs are poetry. Transitions catch the world on fire, touching on relevant topics while speaking with giddiness and despair of the lover between.
Mohit Parikh, Manan|Puberty corrupts - that’s a fact, and it corrupts without consent – that’s the concern.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|Laughter, I realized, was the reverberating sound of a truth hitting a lie.
Charles Dickens, A Christmas Carol|So now we pause. Still. Ponder. Hush. Wait. Each day of Advent, He gives you the gift of time, so you have time to be still and wait. Wait for the coming of the God in the manger who makes Himself bread for us near starved. For the Savior in swaddlings who makes Himself the robe of righteousness for us worn out. For Jesus, who makes precisely what none of us can but all of us want: Christmas.
Chrissie Wellington, A Life Without Limits: A World Champion's Journey|Running is perhaps the most fundamental of all sports, and it is economically the least costly to perform. As a consequence, it is the most democratic and most competitive of all sports because individual merit can prevail despite economic equality. It is a sport for everyone, the whole world over.
Alain de Botton, The Course of Love|In an ideal world, marriage vows would be entirely rewritten. At the alter, a couple would speak thus: "We accept not to panic when, some years from now, what we are doing today will seem like the worst decision of our lives. Yet we promise not to look around, either, for we accept that there cannot be better options out there. Everyone is always impossible. We are a demented species."After the solemn repetition of the last sentence by the congregation, the couple would continue: "We will endeavor to be faithful. At the same time, we are certain that never being allowed to sleep with anyone else is one of the tragedies of existence. We apologize that our jealousies have made this peculiar but sound and non-negotiable restriction very necessary. We promise to make each other the sole repository of our regrets rather than distribute them through a life of sexual Don Juanism. We have surveyed the different options for unhappiness, and it is to each other we have chosen to bind ourselves."Spouses who had been cheated upon would no longer be at liberty furiously to complain that they had expected their partner to be content with them alone. Instead they could more poignantly and justly cry, "I was relying on you to be loyal to the specific variety of compromise and unhappiness which our hard-won marriage represents."Thereafter, an affair would be a betrayal not of intimate joy but of a reciprocal pledge to endure the disappointments of marriage with bravery and stoic reserve.
Jeff Jarvis, What Would Google Do?: Reverse-Engineering the Fastest Growing Company in the History of the World|Well, if you’re a real alcoholic, then where are you stashing it? That's what real alcoholics do, right? Hide bottles?
Judith Martin, Common Courtesy: In Which Miss Manners Solves the Problem That Baffled Mr. Jefferson|Equality lies only in human moral dignity. ... Let there be brothers first, then there will be brotherhood, and only then will there be a fair sharing of goods among brothers.
Mora Early, Twisted Arrangement|Just then Jagger walks in, his hair all ruffled and his body hard and firm. We all stop talking and stare as he runs his hands through his hair in an attempt to straighten it up.“Take a picture ladies, it lasts longer.” he mutters
Bryan Caplan, The Myth of the Rational Voter: Why Democracies Choose Bad Policies|I think it is dangerous to confuse the idea of democracy with elections. Just because you have elections doesn't mean you're a democratic country. They're a very vitally important part of a democracy. But there are other things that ought to function as checks and balances. If elections are the only thing that matter, then people are going to resort to anything to win that election.
Sophie Jordan, Foreplay|That's what I wanted. Something to enrich me, to make me feel better about the things in my life that I could never change." - Page 56
H.E. Davey|Retaining our capacity for reasonis common sense, but definite conclusions and beliefs keep us from seeing life as it really is at any given moment.
C. P. Cranch|Your brain commands your body to "Run forward! Bend! Scoop up the ball! Peg it to the infield!" Then your body says  "Who  me?"
Lisa Renee Jones, Revealing Us|She’s right, and yet my blood pumps faster, just thinking about having her naked and willingly at my mercy. I can’t help but think she’s exactly what I need: a challenge. And how sweet her submission would be, because I’d really earned it.
Trevor D. Richardson, Dystopia Boy: The Unauthorized Files|We’re better together than we are apart. The American Dream has us looking out for ourselves even at the expense of our neighbors. That shit ain’t true, man.
Matthew Woodring Stover|There are sacraments of evil as well as of good about us, and we live and move to my belief in an unknown world, a place where there are caves and shadows and dwellers in twilight. It is possible that man may sometimes return on the track of evolution, and it is my belief that an awful lore is not yet dead.
A.S. King, Ask the Passengers|You know that saying about how you don’t know what you have until it’s gone? I already did know what I had, and now that she’s gone, I know even more.
Katherine Graham|Once, power was considered a masculine attribute. In fact, power has no sex.
Seth Godin, Permission Marketing: Turning Strangers Into Friends And Friends Into Customers|When you promote and market yourself, your service, your product - it cannot be from a script or textbook - it must be from the heart.
Dwight D. Eisenhower|I have often wondered how it is that every man loves himself more than all the rest of men, but yet sets less value on his own opinions of himself than on the opinions of others.
Tabitha McGowan, The Tied Man|God, I’ve just figured out what’s missing – you ditched the hallowed Albermarle Teddy Bear!’ I nodded.   ‘Banished to a dark cupboard for all eternity.’ ‘You cold-hearted bastard.’ ‘Give me a hot water bottle any day.   At least they have some appreciable function.   Not like that pathetic pile of overpriced fake fur and anthropomorphic bullshit I locked in the wardrobe.’‘You have serious teddy bear issues.
Gwenn Wright, The Fate of Flannery Flynn|The image of him shifted with the violent frenzy of leaves. He was there and he wasn’t, as the leaves whipped and the lightning fell away in a slow strobe effect across the expanse of sky. How he had gotten up there, I had no idea, but he had been there. Crouched in the tree in the middle of the courtyard, he watched me intently through the open window.
Cassandra Clare, City of Ashes|I thought you came down right on the side of go directly to jail, do not pass Go, do not collect two hundred dollars.
David Leavitt, Collected Stories|Novels are forged in passion, demand fidelity and commitment, often drive you to boredom or rage, sleep with you at night. They are the long haul. They are marriage. Stories, on the other hand, you can lose yourself in for a few weeks and then wrap up, or grow tired of and abandon and (maybe) return to later. They can cuddle you sweetly, or make you get on your knees and beg.
Rubianne Wood, Life In Paradise|Then take it as it is. It’s a gift. How or why is irrelevant, but if we don’t enjoy it, we are ungrateful,” he said and brought his face very close to mine. His eyes seemed to sparkle in the moonlight, mesmerizing me.
Roy  Bennett|Don't let your mind talk you out of your dreams, trick you into giving up; don't let your mind become the greatest obstacle to success. To get your mind on the right track, the rest will follow.
Fennel Hudson, A Waterside Year - Fennel's Journal - No. 2|After a few months she left off speculating about the villagers. She admitted that there was something about them which she could not fathom, but she was content to remain outside the secret, whatever it was. She had not come to Great Mop to concern herself with the hearts of men. Let her stray up the valleys, and rest in the leafless woods that looked so warm with their core of fallen red leaves, and find out her own secret, if she had one; with autumn it might come back to question her. She wondered. She thought not. She felt that nothing could ever again disturb her peace. Wherever she strayed the hills folded themselves round her like the fingers of a hand.
Madelon Phillips|Everyone wants to know how you can tell when it's true love, and the answer is this: when the pain doesn't fade and the scars don't heal, and it's too damned late. Jonathan Tropper, from The Book of Joe
Leo Buscaglia|Many things have been said about what happened, but I don't know either. Maybe someday. One thing I'm sure of is that all the things that have happened to me, good and bad, happy and sad, have made me what I am today.
Shel Silverstein|All The Woulda-Coulda-ShouldasLayin' In The Sun,Talkin' 'Bout The ThingsThey Woulda-Coulda-Shoulda Done...But All Those Woulda-Coulda-ShouldasAll Ran Away And HidFrom One Little Did.
Sunday Adelaja|Action means carrying out your plan to fruition, moving forward with projects, meeting and exceeding expectations.
Mireille Guiliano|If you're going to write about someone's life, you don't just use them for wallpaper. You have to honor and respect that life.
Smith Wigglesworth|In serving as a pastor for over thirty years, I have seen some remarkable transformations and I’ve seen some big disappointments. I have two observations. First, where there has been lasting change, the common factor, in every case, is that the Word of God has had a significant entrance into the person’s life. Second, where godly change has failed to get started, or has slowly unraveled, the common factor, in every case, is that change has been attempted without significant engagement in the Scriptures.
Pearl Zhu, Thinkingaire: 100 Game Changing Digital Mindsets to Compete for the Future|The brain is the hardware, and the mind is the software, with the totality always in action, hardware plus software.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, Frankenstein|Heavy misfortunes have befallen us, but let us only cling closer to what remains, and transfer our love for those whom we have lost to those who yet live. Our circle will be small, but bound close by the ties of affection and mutual misfortune. And when time shall have softened your despair, new and dear objects of care will be born to replace those of whom we have been so cruelly deprived.
Shel Silverstein|Birds are flyin' south for winter.Here's the Weird-Bird headin' north,Wings a-flappin', beak a-chatterin',Cold head bobbin' back 'n' forth.He says, "It's not that I like iceOr freezin' winds and snowy ground.It's just sometimes it's kind of niceTo be the only bird in town.
Florida Scott-Maxwell|The charm of history and its enigmatic lesson consist in the fact that, from age to age, nothing changes and yet everything is completely different.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|Your haughty religious people would have held their heads up to see me as I am tonight, and preached of flames and vengeance,' cried the girl. 'Oh, dear lady, why ar'n't those who claim to be God's own folks as gentle and as kind to us poor wretches as you, who, having youth, and beauty, and all that they have lost, might be a little proud instead of so much humbler?
Bayard Rustin|For every minute you remain angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind.
Olaotan Fawehinmi, The Soldier Within|Character is like 'Structural Integrity' in the field of engineering.A construction is believed to have structural integrity when it can withstand 'impact' from anywhere and anything, functioning adequately for its desired purposes and service life, until a physical collapse proves otherwise.'Integrity' springs from the original Latin root 'integrum', which means "Intact".A man has INTEGRITY when he remains INTACT, despite the IMPACT of forces that seek to sidetrack him.He will never confuse "what is" with "what ought to be", EVEN WHEN "what is" will work in his favour.A man who will choose, not what the world forces his hands to choose, but what aligns with his destiny and will propel him to become what he is meant to become.Such men are few, such men should be me and you.
Poonam Dhandhania|Don't stop now. Keep going. The next time someone makes you feel though, winning as you are, perhaps you're getting too big for your britches; say to them silently, "i haven't even started yet.
Orson Scott Card, Earth Awakens|Just like it is in the life of an individual or an organization, one of the catalysts of progress is discipline and order.
Gene Stratton-Porter, The Keeper of the Bees|Confusion, when embraced, is the starting point for discovery, direction and decision.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|If a transaction in progress appeared threatened with failure, if a shipment of goods seemed to have gone astray, or if a debtor appeared unable to repay his debt, Kamaswami was never able to persuade Siddhartha that it was useful to speak words of worry or of anger, to have a wrinkled brow, or to sleep poorly.
Abhijit Naskar|People often ask me, what my religion is. I tell them, I am a Christian to the Christian, a Jew to the Jew, a Muslim to the Muslim, a Hindu to the Hindu, an atheist to the atheist, but the brightest nightmare to the fundamentalist.
Amos N. Wilson|When you are filled with self-hate your mind is reversed. Meaning you will love the things that destroy you, and you will hate the things that advance your growth.
Ramana Maharshi|Hatred is corrosive of a person's wisdom and conscience; the mentality of enmity can poison a nation's spirit, instigate brutal life and death struggles, destroy a society's tolerance and humanity, and block a nation's progress to freedom and democracy.
Donna Lynn Hope|Indeed it is generally the case that men are readier to call rogues clever than simpletons honest, and are ashamed of being the second as they are proud of being the first.
José Luís Peixoto, A Criança em Ruínas|one day, when tenderness has become the single rule of the morning,/ I will wake in your arms. perhaps your skin will be overly gorgeous./ and the light will include the impossible understanding of love.
Katherine McIntyre, By the Sea|Because if I fell any deeper for the way his eyes crinkled with his smile or his habit of tapping on his nose to emphasize a point, my ship would be sunk.
Shannon L. Alder|When the rush of the weak sweeps over those that strive to be strong, its destruction. The commonplaces of moral judgment become fogged with the lack of perception stained with the sting of longing. The voice of reason is lost in the envious echoes of hearts torn by battle. The song of our children echo the misfortune of their parent's haze---we all started out small and had dreams to become something more than what we were.
J.R.R. Tolkien, Tolkien on Fairy-stories|Literature works from mind to mind and is more progenitive. It is at once more universal and more poignantly particular. If it speaks of bread or wine or stone or tree, it appeals to the whole of these things, to their ideas; yet each hearer will give to them a peculiar personal embodiment in his imagination. Should the story say 'he ate bread', the dramatic producer or painter can only show 'a piece of bread' according to his taste or fancy, but the hearer of the story will think of bread in general and picture it in some form of his own. If a story says 'he climbed a hill and saw a river in the valley below', the illustrator may catch, or nearly catch, his own vision of such a scene; but every hearer of the words will have his own picture, and it will be made out of all the hills and rivers and dales he has ever seen, but especially out of The Hill, The River, The Valley which were for him the first embodiment of the word.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|It isn't dying I'm afraid of, it isn't that at all; I know what it is to die, I've died already. It is the endless obliteration, the knowledge that there will never be anything else. That's what I can't stand, to try so hard and to end in nothing. You know what I mean, don't you? ... I really loved to write.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|God decided that this time in history was perfect for you to glorify Him and make an eternal difference. So God gave you unique gifts, talents, passions, and experiences to propel you into your life purpose.
Chris Crutcher|You have to appreciate the readers, without them there are no stories worth telling.
Keith Foskett, The Last Englishman|He might not like that she'd dated the guy one, but he didn't want him dead. Most of the time.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|If you don't live a life in service of a greater good, you've gotta at least die a death in service of a greater good, you know? And I fear that I won't get either a life or a death that means anything.
Leslie Feinberg, Transgender Liberation: A Movement Whose Time Has Come|Oh, dead man, you're dead wrong, I tell him. The world goes on stupid and brutal, but I do not. Can't you see? I do not.
Kierra C.T. Banks|Out of the fire, passion is born.
Debasish Mridha|You're looking for the light,ForgettingYou have an astonishing light,inside you,which can enlighten the whole world.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|We are not victims of our genes, but masters of our fates, able to create lives overflowing with peace, happiness, and love.
Ezra Taft Benson|There are different kinds of fear. One of the most terrible is the sensation that you are likely to become, at any moment, the protagonist in a Graham Greene novel: the man who tries to be virtuous and who is, in a certain sense, holy, and yet who is overwhelmed by sin as if there were a kind of fatality about it.
Debasish Mridha|When you feel weak, energize yourself with the power of love, love everyone and everything, this world will be yours.
Larry McCleary, Feed Your Brain, Lose Your Belly: Experience Dynamic Weight Loss with the Brain-Belly Connection|If you desire truly to live you will cease trying to find magic tricks and short-cuts to life and learn the simple laws of being, and order your life in conformity with these. Realign your life with the laws of nature—this and this alone constitutes living to live.
Henry Fielding, Joseph Andrews|The Prince stood beside the timpanist to count his rests for him and see that he came in in the right place. I suppressed all the trumpet passages which were clearly beyond the players' grasp. The solitary trombone was left to his own devices; but as he wisely confined himself to the notes with which he was thoroughly familiar, such as A flat, D and F, and was careful to avoid all others, his success in the role was almost entirely a silent one.
Rick Yancey, Rags & Bones: New Twists on Timeless Tales|This world and everything in it is only temporary; eternity is out there, we swim in it. And within our temporary bodies we carry inside of us eternity. There are but atoms separating us from the everlasting. Merely atoms.
Timothy Snyder, On Tyranny: Twenty Lessons from the Twentieth Century|Like Hitler, the President used the word lies to mean statements of fact not to his liking and presented journalism as a campaign against himself.
Noor Iskandar|Why is the determination to fight against a prejudice a sure sign that one is full of it? Such a determination necessarily arises from an obsession. It constitutes an utterly sterile effort to get rid of it. In such a case the light of attention is the only thing which is effective, and it is not compatible with a polemical intention.
Shannon L. Alder|The solution is so obvious, but for so many of us we would travel a hundred miles out of the way to avoid it, gather a thousand opinions on the way and take a pit stop in fear to check our map before we proceed through hell. Heaven was always a direct flight with no layovers.
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|Every time I go to sleep, I know I may never wake up. How could anyone expect to? You drop your tiny, helpless mind into a bottomless well, crossing your fingers and hoping when you pull it out on its flimsy fishing wire it hasn't been gnawed to bones by nameless beasts below.
Marc Augé, Oblivion|Don't we all have a certain number of images that stay around in our head, which we undoubtedly call memories and improperly so, and which we can never get rid of because they return in our sky with the regularity of a comet - torn away also from a world about which we know almost nothing? They return more frequently than comets do, in fact. It would be better, then, to speak of them as loyal satellites, a bit capricious and therefore even troublesome: they appear, disappear, suddenly come back to badger our memory at night when we cannot sleep. But, little as we may care to, as our hearts tell us to, we can also observe them at will, coldly, scrutinize their shadows, colors, and relief. Only, they are dead stars: from them we shall never grasp anything other than the certainty that we have already seen them, examined them, questioned them without really understanding the laws that the line of their mysterious orbits obeyed.
Shannon L. Alder|Maybe, the question isn't who will look good by your side, who will make these days less dull, who will bring you the greatest financial benefit, who will be the one to bring you pleasure, who do you have the most in common with?.... Maybe, the question one should ask is who do you want at your side when you are dying?
Hans-Hermann Hoppe, What Must Be Done|Without the continued existence of the democratic system and of publicly funded education and research, however, most current teachers and intellectuals would be unemployed or their income would fall to a small fraction of its present level. Instead of researching the syntax of Ebonics, the love life of mosquitoes, or the relationship between poverty and crime for $100 grand a year, they would research the science of potato growing or the technology of gas pump operation for $20 grand.
Daniel Marques, The Secrets Behind the Secret: What You Need to Know about the Law of Attraction and Dream Manifestation|To believe that there are difficult or unreachable things, doesn't change the nature of those things, only our position towards them
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|I have not broken your heart - you have broken it; and in breaking it, you have broken mine.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|To recklessly excuse a failure is to believe that I’ve effectively erased it from the story of my life, when I’ve actually imprinted it in indelible ink.
Abraham Lincoln|Once again she would arrive at a foreign place. Once again be the newcomer, an outsider, the one who did not belong. She knew from experience that she would quickly have to ingratiate herself with her new masters to avoid being rejected or, in more dire cases, punished. Then there would be the phase where she would have to sharpen her senses in order to see and hear as acutely as possible so that she could assimilate quickly all the new customs and the words most frequently used by the group she was to become a part of--so that finally, she would be judged on her own merits.
Pseudonymous Bosch, The Name of This Book Is Secret|*Appendix usually means "small outgrowth from large intestine," but in this case it means "additional information accompanying main text." Or are those really the same things? Think carefully before you insult this book.
Michael Joseph Murano, Age of the Seer|Azerowut, I must tend to an urgently urgent business and a business that is urgent most urgently. Watch over my tent with extreme care and care that is caring in the extreme, and do not, under any circumstantial circumstances, allow anyone and his brother to be within an uncomfortably uncomfortable distance of her door. --Master Kwadile
Anjum Choudhary|There were plenty of fishes in the pond,yet i fell in love with a crocodile.
Christopher Moore, Coyote Blue|And it is undeniably true that the greatest and most important right of a British subject is that he shall be governed by no laws but those to which he, either in person or by his representatives, hath given his consent; and this, I will venture to assert, is the great basis of British freedom; it is interwoven with the Constitution, and whenever this is lost, the Constitution must be destroyed.
L.M. Montgomery, Emily's Quest|You see," she concluded miserably, "when I can call like that to him across space--I belong to him. He doesn't love me--he never will--but I belong to him.
Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out|Cheap grace means grace sold on the market like cheapjacks' wares. The sacraments, the forgiveness of sin, and the consolations of religion are thrown away at cut prices. Grace is represented as the Church's inexhaustible treasury, from which she showers blessings with generous hands, without asking questions or fixing limits. Grace without price; grace without cost! The essence of grace, we suppose, is that the account has been paid in advance; and, because it has been paid, everything can be had for nothing. Since the cost was infinite, the possibilities of using and spending it are infinite. What would grace be if it were not cheap?...Cheap grace is the preaching of forgiveness without requiring repentance, baptism without church discipline, Communion without confession, absolution without personal confession. Cheap grace is grace without discipleship, grace without the cross, grace without Jesus Christ, living and incarnate.Costly grace is the treasure hidden in the field; for the sake of it a man will go and sell all that he has. It is the pearl of great price to buy which the merchant will sell all his goods. It is the kingly rule of Christ, for whose sake a man will pluck out the eye which causes him to stumble; it is the call of Jesus Christ at which the disciple leaves his nets and follows him.Costly grace is the gospel which must be sought again and again, the gift which must be asked for, the door at which a man must knock.Such grace is costly because it calls us to follow, and it is grace because it calls us to follow Jesus Christ. It is costly because it costs a man his life, and it is grace because it gives a man the only true life. It is costly because it condemns sin, and grace because it justifies the sinner. Above all, it is costly because it cost God the life of his Son: "ye were bought at a price," and what has cost God much cannot be cheap for us. Above all, it is grace because God did not reckon his Son too dear a price to pay for our life, but delivered him up for us. Costly grace is the Incarnation of God.
Heather Graham, Phantom Evil|I know who I was, I can tell you who I may have been, but I am, now, only in this line of words I write.
Henry Ward Beecher|A book is good company. It is full of conversation without loquacity. It comes to your longing with full instruction, but pursues you never. 
Leo Tolstoy, The Kreutzer Sonata|Music makes me forget myself, my true condition, it carries me off into another state of being, one that isn't my own: under the influence of music I have the illusion of feeling things I don't really feel, of understanding things I don't understand, being able to do things I'm not able to do (...) Can it really be allowable for anyone who feels like it to hypnotize another person, or many other persons, and then do what he likes with them? Particularly if the hypnotist is the first unscrupulous individual who happens to come along?
Neil Gaiman, Brief Lives|The nitrogen in our DNA, the calcium in our teeth, the iron in our blood, the carbon in our apple pies were made in the interiors of collapsing stars. We are made of starstuff.
Chuck Palahniuk, Choke|It's creepy, but here we are, the Pilgrims, the crackpots of our time, trying to establish our own alternate reality. To build a world out of rocks and chaos.What it's going to be, I don't know.Even after all that rushing around, where we've ended up is the middle of nowhere in the middle of the night.And maybe knowing isn't the point.Where we're standing right now, in the ruins in the dark, what we build could be anything.
Aisha Mirza|We hear things like “we elected a black president,” as if that event was the magic eraser to wipe away all of the racial problems in our country in one fell swoop.But that would be like saying that in 1932, we elected a president with a physical disability, so we should stop building ramps and having reserved handicap spaces because that’s reverse discrimination against the able-bodied
Christine Caine|Every transaction has its process. Until you submit to it, you will always be living below potential.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|There are so many reasons why I should not kiss you right now. Believe me when I tell you that only moments ago those reasons played out in my mind, but for the life of me, at this very minute, I cannot recall even one of them," Kathel said.
Angelica Hopes|No matter what you have, no matter your experience level, sometimes you just need a hand.
Robinson Jeffers, Selected Poems|Humanity is the start of the race; I say Humanity is the mould to break away from, the crust to break through, the coal to break into fire, The atom to be split.
Aravind Adiga, The White Tiger|On Gandhi: Don’t ever forget, that we were not lead by a saint with his head in clouds, but by a master tactician with his feet on the ground.
Dan Gemeinhart, The Honest Truth|Everybody oughta have a dog," he said thoughtfully, his hand still scratching Beau. "Dogs teach you love and kindness. They remind you what's important." He nodded and took a sip of his coffee. "A life ain't much of a life without a dog in it, s'what I always said.
Villiers de L'Isle-Adam|I am a man who knows nothing, guesses sometimes, finds frequently and who's always amazed.
Julius Caesar|To dance is to be out of yourself. Larger, more beautiful, more powerful. This is power, it is glory on earth and it is yours for the taking.
A. Edward Newton, The Amenities of Book Collecting and Kindred Affections|My depth of purse is not so greatNor yet my bibliophilic greed,That merely buying doth elate:The books I buy I like to read:Still e'en when dawdling in a mead,Beneath a cloudless summer sky,By bank of Thames, or Tyne, or Tweed,The books I read — I like to buy.
Bethany Wiggins, The Dragon's Price|We are about to be eaten by a dragon, you’re crawling on bleeding hands through bat droppings, and you’re worried about being proper?
Jodi Picoult|What a pity that Bilbo did not stab that vile creature, when he had a chance!'Pity? It was Pity that stayed his hand. Pity, and Mercy: not to strike without need. And he has been well rewarded, Frodo. Be sure that he took so little hurt from the evil, and escaped in the end, because he began his ownership of the Ring so. With Pity.
William E. Gladstone|The one happiness is to shut one's door upon a little room, with a table before one, and to create; to create life in that isolation from life.
Ann  Douglas|Once you have lived in New York and made it your home, no place else is good enough
Anne M. Mulcahy|I think national issues play into gubernatorial races less than, obviously, in Senate and Congressional races. Much less. They tend to be more decided by personality, leadership qualities and by state or local issues. They still have some effect, no question about it, but not as much as Senate and Congressional races.
Brad Thor, Black List|You know when I told you the joke about how a friend will help you move, but a real friend will help you move a body? I was only kidding.
Courtney Beck, Conversations with Krishna|Behind your skin, your bones, your heart and your mind, you are simply a mirror of the universe, all of its history and its future in a single breath.
Ursula K. Le Guin|So rest a while, we can talk in the cool of the evening. Or the cool of the morning. There 's seldom as much hurry as I used to think there was." -HawkWho had been ArchmageThe Other Wind
Julie Andrews Edwards|Unfortunately, there seems to be far more opportunity out there than ability.... We should remember that good fortune often happens when opportunity meets with preparation.
Aaron Carter|I found it to be more challenging to be in a huge effects movie, because a lot of the things aren't there. You have to trust the director and react to nothing.
Vanilla Ice|My mom and dad just loved the fact that I fooled around. They just embraced it. They'd always kind of enjoy it, and they liked it when I made them laugh.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever knows God, depart from evil.
S.J. Kincaid|The only people who really think they have seen something new are those whose experience is limited or whose vision can't penetrate beneath the surface of things. Because something is recent, they think it is new; they mistake now the for originality.
Amit Ray, Enlightenment Step by Step|Champions never sleep, the eternal spirit keep them alert and awake.
Patrick Warburton|But it was this tough little character part that I was playing, a very funny little guy that I invented over a weekend, because I realized I was not contributing to the humor of this thing. And I had to do something.
Shirley Jackson, Just an Ordinary Day: The Uncollected Stories|I love to talk to people who love to talk. The warmth, the energy, the humanity.
Aristophanes, Lysistrata|Magistrate: What do you propose to do then, pray?Lysistrata: You ask me that! Why, we propose to administer the treasury ourselvesMagistrate: You do?Lysistrata: What is there in that a surprise to you? Do we not administer the budget of household expenses?Magistrate: But that is not the same thing.Lysistrata: How so – not the same thing?Magistrate: It is the treasury supplies the expenses of the War.Lysistrata: That's our first principle – no War!
Charles de Lint, Tapping the Dream Tree|Some ideas are not born of logic and good sense. They are made of clouds and cobwebs. They sprout from nowhere and feed on excitement, sprinkled with adventure juice and the sweet flavor of the forbidden. The psyche moves from the realms of the ordinary and takes a delicate step towards the unknown. We know we shouldn't and that is exactly why we do.
Nadège Richards, 5 Miles|Jenny," he whispered. "My Jenny.
Ginni Rometty|The album 'Cheers to the Fall' is really kind of me breaking out and being like, 'Listen, I don't care about criticism, and I don't care about possibility of failure. I'm going to do it. And if I do fail, well then, here's to it.'
Robert Louis Stevenson|Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, of number four Privet Drive, were proud to say that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much.
Julia Barkey|Because you’re beautiful. I enjoy looking at beautiful people, and I decided a while ago not to deny myself the simpler pleasures of existence.
Josh Hutcherson|I had gotten to a place where I truly believed everything I was called: 'not sexy,' 'not funny,' 'too intense,' desperate.' All those labels they gave me, I took them because there wasn't a trace of my true self left.
Fred Durst|Cars, furs, and gems were not my weaknesses.
Mary Calmes, Frog|It me birthday and nobody came...Bigfoot decide do something nice for self for big day and sneak in they house at night and pick out own present and blow out flickering candle of life in they brains. Make a wish, jerks.
Thea Harrison, Shadow's End|He had not become a sentinel by worrying about what he should or shouldn't do. He would live or die as he always had, by making decision he knew to be right...Graydon didn't hide from life. He flew at it with everything he had.
Belle, Kimberly|It’s a trinity ring. Pink for love, yellow for fidelity and white for friendship. I liked the symbolism of three—you, me and baby-to-be.
İlhan Berk|What is timea November leaf a child's vacillating mouth a rose a left-over, half-drunk glass of water.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Ask any person trained in sign language and they will confirm the fact that you can talk with your hands. Your hand gestures communicate for you and are an integral part of your language. While some people may come by hand gestures naturally, you can learn to be even more expressive to get your points across—and to be memorable.
Gaston Bachelard, The Poetics of Reverie|I might be alone, but i'm never lonely.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Cursed|My brain must have felt sorry for me, so it’d created the only type of guy I could touch—a fantasy one.
Kate Christensen|I know that a Christmas tree farm in Pennsylvania is about the most random place for a country singer to come from, but I had an awesome childhood.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Time is more than money, it is life.
Lindsay McKenna, Wind River Wrangler|Frowning, Shiloh forced herself to look up at him. Roan deserved her courage, not her cowardice. “You wanted to kiss me.”	“I still do.
Erin Fall Haskell|As consciousness expands, so does perception of self.
Behnam Rajabpoor|Men who attain great heights always have few friends but many admirers, while those who ply the lower reaches of fortune often have many friends but scarcely an admirer in sight
Marcus Tullius Cicero|In order to know virtue, we must acquaint ourselves with vice. Only then can we know the true measure of a man.
R.A. Salvatore|I was running in circles, I hurt myself, just to find my purpose. Everything was so worthless, I didn't deserve this, but to me you were perfect.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, The Sorrows of Young Werther|The human race is a monotonous affair. Most people spend the greatest part of their time working in order to live, and what little freedom remains so fills them with fear that they seek out any and every means to be rid of it.
Richard Rohr, Adam's Return: The Five Promises of Male Initiation|When the Stranger says: “What is the meaning of this city ?Do you huddle close together because you love each other?”What will you answer? “We all dwell togetherTo make money from each other”? or “This is a community”?Oh my soul, be prepared for the coming of the Stranger.Be prepared for him who knows how to ask questions.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Dominate the market with your products of self-control; no matter how many temptations produced by the devil, you will still overcome with profits of excellence!
Paul Karl Feyerabend, Farewell to Reason|He and we were a party of men walking together, seeing, hearing, feeling, understanding the same world; and in two minutes, with a sudden snap, one of us would be gone - one mind less, one world less.
Jodi Picoult, Songs of the Humpback Whale|The two girls used to meet several times a day, and every time they met, Kitty's eyes said: "Who are you? What are you? Are you really the exquisite creature I imagine you to be? But for goodness' sake don't suppose," her eyes added, "that I would force my acquaintance on you, I simply admire you and like you.""I like you too, and you're very, very sweet. And I should like you better still, if I had time," answered the eyes of the unknown girl.
Caroline George, The Vestige|People have always expected the end of the world to be a dramatic, thematic event: war, disease, a sudden explosion. But what if the end of the world has already occurred? What if our final demise happened slowly, secretly … and we’ve been oblivious to it all?
Angelica Hopes|The child is more individualised than the adult, the patient more than the healthy man, the madman and the delinquent more than the normal and the non-delinquent. In each case, it is towards the first of these pairs that all the individualising mechanisms are turned in our civilisation and when one wishes to individualise the healthy, normal and law-abiding adult, it is always by asking him how much of the child he has in him, what secret madness lies within him, what fundamental crime he has dreamt of committing
V.M.  Clark, The Hypothesis|Things... are not always what they seem." the first quotes comes to us in chapter 2: Conspiracy Theory, By Officer Duke Agnew investigating a drowning death on the western shore in the shadow of the Chesapeake Bay bridge.
Jaron Lanier, You Are Not a Gadget|The approach to digital culture I abhor would indeed turn all the world's books into one book, just as Kevin (Kelly) suggested. It might start to happen in the next decade or so. Google and other companies are scanning library books into the cloud in a massive Manhattan Project of cultural digitization. What happens next is what's important. If the books in the cloud are accessed via user interfaces that encourage mashups of fragments that obscure the context and authorship of each fragment, there will be only one book. This is what happens today with a lot of content; often you don't know where a quoted fragment from a news story came from, who wrote a comment, or who shot a video. A continuation of the present trend will make us like various medieval religious empires, or like North Korea, a society with a single book.The Bible can serve as a prototypical example. Like Wikipedia, the Bible's authorship was shared, largely anonymous, and cumulative, and the obscurity of the individual authors served to create an oracle-like ambience for the document as "the literal word of God." If we take a non-metaphysical view of the Bible, it serves as a link to our ancestors, a window. The ethereal, digital replacement technology for the printing press happens to have come of age in a time when the unfortunate ideology I'm criticizing dominates technological culture. Authorship - the very idea of the individual point of view - is not a priority of the new ideology. The digital flattening of expression into a global mush is not presently enforced from the top down, as it is in the case of a North Korean printing press. Instead, the design of software builds the ideology into those actions that are the easiest to perform on the software designs that are becoming ubiquitous. It is true that by using these tools, individuals can author books or blogs or whatever, but people are encouraged by the economics of free content, crowd dynamics, and lord aggregators to serve up fragments instead of considered whole expressions or arguments. The efforts of authors are appreciated in a manner that erases the boundaries between them.The one collective book will absolutely not be the same thing as the library of books by individuals it is bankrupting. Some believe it will be better; others, including me, believe it will be disastrously worse. As the famous line goes from Inherit the Wind: 'The Bible is a book... but it is not the only book' Any singular, exclusive book, even the collective one accumulating in the cloud, will become a cruel book if it is the only one available.
L V HALL|Surrender is when we come to the end of our struggle with ourselves and God can begin. Surrender is acknowledging that we need Divine Intervention; we don’t know it all, we do not see what God sees.When we give ourselves the first 15 minutes of the first hour of the day, to pray, meditate, read, journal, reflect, silently inquire after God, we set the tone for clear thinking throughout our day. - SHANNON TANNER
Stephen Richards|To secure victory, first you have to dare to do so.
Rebecca McNutt, Smog City|Film photography will always be superior to digital - because no matter how many lasers and instant buttons and HD pixels you've got, a human being can take a photograph with much more integrity and meaning than one a built-in robot took.
LeAnne Mechelle, Write like no one is reading 2|When left holding an empty bag, fill it with dreams of honor and glory!
Carl Sagan|We can judge our progress by the courage of our questions and the depth of our answers, our willingness to embrace what is true rather than what feels good.
Iris Murdoch, The Sea, the Sea|Even if readers claim that they 'take it all with a grain of salt', they do not really. They yearn to believe, and they believe, because believing is easier than disbelieving, and because anything which is written down is likely to be 'true in a way'.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Onyx|Your mail could've waited." Daemon followed me into the kitchen. "What is it? Just books?"Grabbing the OJ from the fridge, I sighed. People who didn't heart books didn't understand.
Rajwant Singh Bachhal|One day in your prayers, maybe once a month or week, lie back and thank God for the things not given to you.
Peter Guber|My advice would be to write what is most personal and specific to your experience or your life. And your voice will emerge and because of its specificity, it will be universal.
Denis Villeneuve|I loved all of the 'Zenon' movies. Those were my jam mostly because of the fashion. I loved something about the space buns and the weird neon colors. I couldn't just wear that in real life because people would look weirdly at me, but maybe at a party or something.
Jay-Z|I love my dad. There is no doubt about that. He is a wonderful man and a good person. Like many father/son relationships, we have our struggles, our misunderstandings, and our miscommunications. We are very different people, but also very similar at the same time.
Christine Warren, Stone Cold Lover|Wherever his gaze touched her, she felt as if flames licked at her skin, and the thought of what it might do to her to feel his tongue follow suit had her eyes drifting shut on a moan.Spar chuckled softly and leaned closer until his breath teased the rim of her ear. "I would pay more than a penny for those thoughts, little human, were I not filled with such vivid imaginings of my own.
Gemma Malley, The Resistance|A few years after working on Mauna Kea, I discovered that I had radiation sickness
Robert E. Webber, Common Roots: The Original Call to an Ancient-Future Faith|We must learn, then, not to HAVE a spirituality, something we turn on at a particular place or time, but to BE spiritual, as a habit of life, a continuous state of being. It is to this end that we seek after God in the stillness and hubbub of life, but always and everywhere in and through the church, where Christ is made present to us and, through us, to the world.
Sogyal Rinpoche, The Tibetan Book of Living and Dying|The exponentially increasing formula (that leads to the resurrection) is that the more Christ overcame temptations and purified His human, the higher His quality of love became, which in turn led the hells to attack with increased force at the higher level. When He then overcame that temptation, His quality of love increased again, and so on and so on to the point of infinity.
James Mikołajczyk, Jesus the Jew, Christ the King: Exploring the Hypostatic Union Between the Jesus of History and the Christ of Faith|[The Holy Spirit] is present as a whole to each and wholly present everywhere. He is portioned out impassably and participated in as a whole. He is like a sunbeam whose grace is present to the one who enjoys him as if he were present to such a one alone, and still he illuminates land and sea and is mixed with the air. Just so, indeed, the Spirit is present to each one who is fit to receive him, as if he were present to him alone, and still he sends out his grace that is complete and sufficient for all. The things that participate in him enjoy him to the extent that their nature allows, not to the extent that his power allows.
Gregory Maguire, Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West|The overdressed traveler betrays more interest in being seen than in seeing, while the true traveler knows that the novel world about her serves as the most appropriate accessory.
Scarlett Thomas, Going Out|Most people would look at an animal in a cage and instinctively feel that it should be set free. . . . It's a dangerous world out there, filled with predators. . . . What would you prefer? A comfortable, safe, warm, cosy life in a cage, or an uncertain life of freedom.
Sojourner Truth|Life is hard, and a lot of people come home tired from work. If they're gonna spend half an hour reading, they want some entertainment and a sense of achievement. So that's what I give them. That's all I'm trying to do. Is that really so wrong?
Jenifer Mohammed, Resurrecting Cybele|The day of the week on which the tour took place was known to all workers. All devices in its path ought to have been carefully neutralized or locked, since it was unreasonable to expect human beings to withstand the temptation to handle knobs, keys, handles and pushbuttons.
G.S. Jennsen, Transcendence: Aurora Rising Book Three|I groan but answer the call in a sing song voice."Kitty Lung, hero or terrorist, you take your pick.
Rick Strassman|For years I tried to help people with simple things, such as tension relief through breathing and relaxation, but all they wanted were the drugs. They wanted to numb themselves. They did not want to face their fears or feel better through their own efforts—and they certainly did not want to be illuminated.
Shim Steward|To many, "The Bible is a form of verbal wallpaper, pleasant enough in the background, but he stop thinking about it after you have lived in the house for a few weeks.
Rebecca Solnit, A Field Guide to Getting Lost|The twins stopped and stared in surprise at the two vampires guarding a door on their right. The vampires returned their look of surprise."What are you doing here?" One of the vampires hissed."We're looking for Taco Bell." Luther said cheerfully as he and Tyrone reached behind their backs."Left or right, Tyrone?""I'll take the one on the left." Tyrone replied.
Michael Benzehabe|The problem with love is that there is so much of it to give." King Tommy
Alberto Caeiro, The Keeper of Sheep|It’s stranger than every strangenessAnd the dreams of all the poetsAnd the thoughts of all the philosophers,That things are really what they seem to beAnd there’s nothing to understand.
Kodi Ramamurthy Naidu, To the Youth of India|Akin to the idea that time is money is the concept, less spoken by as commonly assumed, that we may be adequately represented by money. The giving of money has thus become our characteristic virtue.But to give is not to do. The money is given in lieu of action, thought, care, time. And it is no remedy for the fragmentation of character and consciousness that is the consequence of specialization. At the simplest, most practical level, it would be difficult for most of us to give enough in donations to good causes to compensate for, much less remedy, the damage done by the money that is taken from us and used destructively by various agencies of the government and by the corporations that hold us in captive dependence on their products. Most important, even if we could give enough to overbalance the official and corporate misuse of our money, we would still not solve the problem: the willingness to be represented by money involves a submission to the modern divisions of character and community. The remedy safeguards the disease.
Heny Rollins|We came out on Coldra Crescent, one of those warm air nights, stars spitting in the sky like firebugs stuck on a big black velvet rump. A summer night to make anybody with standard glands feel that tidy homes, spring mattresses, four guaranteed meals per day, and legalised religion were all criminal to human development.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|And I thought that all those little kids are going to grow up someday. And all of those little kids are going to do the things that we do. And they will all kiss someone someday. But for now, sledding is enough. I think it would be great if sledding were always enough, but it isn't.
Mark R. Levin|We now have the liberal playbook and we know what they are doing, and we are using it against them. Unlike the Democrats though, we aren't out to destroy our society, we are out to save it.
Mac Barnett, The Case of the Case of Mistaken Identity|He checked out his surrounding. More books. A drinking fountain. A poster showing a guy slam-dunking a basketball with one hand and holding a book in the other, urging kids to READ! Weird, thought Steve. How can he even see the hoop?...You see, Steven, Librarians are the most elite, best trained secret force in the United States of America. Probably in the world.""No way.""Yes way.""What about the FBI?""Featherweights.""The CIA?"Mackintosh snorted. "Don't make me laugh. Those guys can't even dunk a basketball andd read a book at the same time.
Neil Gaiman, American Gods|For as soon as something becomes impossible it slipslides out of belief entirely, whether it’s true or not.
Debasish Mridha|My soul is not satisfied with an inert universe. The gods may not make a habit of speaking to me personally, but I can't help but whisper comments to them.
Eve Ensler|I was a child who went about in a world of colors... My friends, my companions, became women slowly; I became old in instants.
M.F. Moonzajer|Showing respect for others when they don’t agree with you, and during the times when you don’t agree with them as well, helps to avoid arguments that serve no good purpose. This approach can lead to getting things accomplished peacefully.
Stanley Hauerwas, Resident Aliens: Life in the Christian Colony|The Church really does not know what [peace and justice] mean apart from the life and death of Jesus of Nazareth. After all, Pilate permitted the killing of Jesus in order to secure both peace and justice (Roman style) in Judea.
Debasish Mridha|When you serve the humanity with compassion and kindness,You express your spontaneous love and inner greatness.
Christina Engela, Bugspray|The original KDF-wagen as it was called was basic and rudimentary, but essentially the same as the later post war production cars that followed. Features of this vehicle included cable operated brakes (!!) and a tiny 800cc flat four motor with a single exhaust, 16 inch tires and the KDF twin glove compartment (without lids) dash.Oh, and last but not least – probably the most famous and sought-after rear window in automotive history!
Bangambiki Habyarimana, The Great Pearl of Wisdom|The gatekeepers are not there to prohibit you anything, they just want to frighten you away, if you are courageous enough to go through them, they will let you , thinking you are the owner or his so
Arnold Bennett, How to Live on 24 Hours a Day|As our mother earth is a mere speck in the sunbeam in the illimitable universe, so man himself is but a tiny grain of protoplasm in the perishable framework of organic nature. [This] clearly indicates the true place of man in nature, but it dissipates the prevalent illusion of man's supreme importance and the arrogance with which he sets himself apart from the illimitable universe and exalts himself to the position of its most valuable element.
Jim Butcher, The Aeronaut's Windlass|There are always cats around Charlie's, but they are usually refugees seeking asylum from the local rat population, and rather desperately friendly.
Hilary Mantel, Bring Up the Bodies|He draws a line under his conclusions. Says, 'Gregory, what should I do about the great worm?' 'Send a commission against it, sir,' the boy says. 'It must be put down.' He gives his son a long look. 'You do know it's Arthur Cobbler's tales?' Gregory gives him a long look back. 'Yes, I do know.' He sounds regretful. 'But it makes people so happy when I believe them.
Tanya Masse|Crowds moved wherever he went, across the bridge to Manhattan, in New York, wherever he went, life flowed and eddied, but he was not part of it.
Adeline Yen Mah, Chinese Cinderella: The True Story of an Unwanted Daughter|Though life has to be lived forward, it can only be understood backwards
Jennifer Arnett, Fiction Writing Tips From Hollywood: How to Write Explosive Fiction by Mimicing Hollywood Blockbusters|I would like to show that we can become so much more through awareness. That is why I speak of conscious evolution. If we understand ourselves, how we think and react, why we do things... Then we can work out how to think more constructively, act more usefully, do things more easily, become more of the person we really want to be deep down inside.
Laura Whitcomb, A Certain Slant of Light|It was all real and blazing with detail. But I was shadow, light as mist, mute as the wallpaper.
Karen Kimsey-House, Co-Active Leadership: Five Ways to Lead|Can you start a movement in your land that will encourage men and women to begin to think, to begin to make sound judgement and informed decisions? Will you bring illumination to your people? Will you facilitate understanding amidst those whom you live with? The earth is crying for people who make sound judgement and informed decisions.
Avinash Rao|Ordinary will please, but never impress.
Barbara Newhall Follett|My dreams are going through their death flurries. I thought they were all safely buried, but sometimes they stir in their grave, making my heartstrings twinge. I mean no particular dream, you understand, but the whole radiant flock of them together—with their rainbow wings, iridescent, bright, soaring, glorious, sublime. They are dying before the steel javelins and arrows of a world of Time and Money.
S.N. Lemoing, Le royaume d'Harcilor|What kind of person do you wish to be? A part of those who take action, who try the hardest, or of those who go with the flow?
Seth Godin, Stop Stealing Dreams|It’s always the end of the world,” said Russell Grandinetti, one of Amazon’s top executives. “You could set your watch on it arriving.” He pointed out, though, that the landscape was in some ways changing for the first time since Gutenberg invented the modern book nearly 600 years ago. “The only really necessary people in the publishing process now are the writer and reader,” he said. “Everyone who stands between those two has both risk and opportunity.” Amazon Signs Up Authors, Writing Publishers Out of Deal. New York Times, 10/16/2011
L.M. Montgomery, The Golden Road|The noontide of my life is starting,Which I must needs accept, I know;But oh, my light youth, if we're parting,I want you as a friend to go!My thanks to you for the enjoyments,The sadness and the pleasant torments,The hubbub, storms, festivity,For all that you have given me;My thanks to you. I have delightedIn you when times were turbulent,When times were calm... to full extent;Enough now! With a soul clear-sightedI set out on another questAnd from my old life take a rest.Let me glance back. Farewell, you arboursWhere, in the backwoods, I recallDays filled with indolence and ardoursAnd dreaming of a pensive soul.And you, my youthful inspiration,Keep stirring my imagination,My heart's inertia vivify,More often to my corner fly.Let not a poet's soul be frozen,Made rough and hard, reduced to boneAnd finally be turned to stoneIn that benumbing world he goes in,In that intoxicating sloughWhere, friends, we bathe together now.
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau|I didn't want people to think I'm just in the movies, where you make money and wait around for 13 hours before you get to do 20 minutes of work.
Azar Nafisi, Reading Lolita in Tehran|What a most unreasonably stubborn man," he said. "One must be more open to opposing views in this world.""You don't say.""Oh, indeed! As our late father often said, 'Toleration is good for all or it is good for non.
A.S. King, Please Ignore Vera Dietz|Old habits never die. And when you've once been in the business of granting wishes, the impulse never quite leaves you
Jennifer Crusie, Bet Me|Nobody in my life has ever known me the way you do. Nobody in my life has ever made me feel as good as you do. You know me, you know everything about me, and when you leave me, you're going to be leaving the real me, the me nobody else has ever seen, that's who you're going to be rejecting.
Raymond Carver, Where I'm Calling From: New and Selected Stories|Self Help: When you really stop and think about it, is there any other kind?
Henrietta Newton Martin B.Com LLB goldmedalist LLM goldmedalist MMS etc - Legal Consultant|The question that remains unanswered and keeps coming to the fore is ‘Are the punishment schemes for child sex and sexual abuse deterrent in nature? Amidst ongoing debates in most countries about capital punishment as human rights violation to be inflicted in rarest of rare cases, and those who have abrogated capital punishment from their list of penalties, there is a need to transcend all national and international boundaries, and bring Child sexual abuse/rape within the ambit of international legislators, and law enforcement agencies, with a drive to pilot child rights of protection of his/her body much beyond the prevalent inefficacious laws, devoid of collective consensus of the people.
Bertrand Russell, Authority and the Individual|We know too much and feel too little. At least, we feel too little of those creative emotions from which a good life springs.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|I am replete with stamina in finding out every single fact I can about this whole affair.Yet, I think, do I want to pull that thread? Do I want to unleash the truth, unravel deceit, and kill reality as I´ve known it? It is irreparable, if I do, from the moment we met until now. It is long. If I discover too much that is false about what I thought my past was, Time will be skewed even further. I already have a poor connection with the present. Example: I have no sense of what day it is. It´s better.
-Kurt Reiner C. Suarez|Religion? Choose the truth path, true doctrine and true faith. Not all of the religion are safe except the religion of the Church of Christ. those who entered the door of Christ will be saved.
Helena Norberg-Hodge|These haters are too less in number when compared to the millions who support me. I look at all those beautiful people who always stand by me. I respect them, and they equally respect me.
Daniel Logan|Darwin caused controversy, not merely because his ideas contradicted Genesis, but because they fell foul of the way in which Genesis had been read by those influenced by the Enlightenment, for it was the Enlightenment that conceived of the human as almost exclusively rational and intellectual, and set the human at a distance from the animal.
Sun Tzu, The Art of War|Great results, can be achieved with small forces.
Wendy Swore|Sometimes writing everyday is like pulling teeth, painful, but necessary.
C. JoyBell C.|Maybe we shouldn't be looking for love. Maybe we should be looking for a person. Because maybe you can find love in a person, but not have that person. So if you look for love, what you will find is love. But if you want to belong to someone, and you want someone to belong to you, you should look for a person.
Brenda Joyce, The Stolen Bride|How could I have ever loved Peg? I love you." And too late, he realized that the words he had just spoken were the truth. He closed his eyes, holding her even more tightly, allowing himself to finally realize and identify his feelings. He was stunned by their enormity, their intensity, their power.~Sean O'Neill
Daniel James Brown, The Boys in the Boat: Nine Americans and Their Epic Quest for Gold at the 1936 Berlin Olympics|Then the coxswain called out, 'Ready all!' Joe turned and faced the rear of the boat, slid his seat forward, sank the white blade of his oar into the oil-black water, tensed his muscles, and waited for the command that would propel him forward into the glimmering darkness.
Glad Munaiseche|People usualy use "move on" when their heart broke because of love. Most don't understand when father, mother, sister or brother has died, you might have needed more strength to move on. It was like living with no air.
Douglas Coupland|There is no failure except in no longer trying. There is no defeat except from within, no really insurmountable barrier save our own inherent weakness of purpose.
Muhammad ibn Zakariya al-Razi|In the late hours of the night, befriend the prayer mat.
Tony Dovale|Entrepreneurs don't fail because they want to, they fail because they don't have the right MINDSET to really succeed in a sustainable manner.
Ashley Greene|If you've got to my age, you've probably had your heart broken many times. So it's not that difficult to unpack a bit of grief from some little corner of your heart and cry over it.
Lawrence Durrell, Justine|Underneath an artist's preoccupations with sex, society, religion, etc. (all the staple abstractions that allow the forebrain to chatter) there is a soul tortured beyond endurance by the lack of tenderness in the world.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Fools|It’s often said that cowards make the best torturers. Cowards have good imaginations, imaginations that torment them with all the worst stuff of nightmare, all the horrors that could befall them. This provides an excellent arsenal when it comes to inflicting misery on others. And their final qualification is that they understand the fears of their victim better than the victim does himself.
Candis Terry, Truly Sweet|She'd be the perfect choice."Jake snapped his head around to find Charli no smiling. "Who?""Annie.""Are you kidding me?" Jake barked out a laugh. "We'd tear each other's throat out.""Or each other's clothes off. Which sounds like a much better solution to me.
Bryan Ferry|You know, this is a war of ideology, a war of thoughts and of faith. And we need people to really stand for faith and trust, not hope and change.
Erin McCarthy, Heiress for Hire|Sex had always been at the top of her favorite-things list, but this desire-this total, all-encompassing need-was something else entirely.
Maria V. Snyder, Storm Glass|It smelled pretty rank, but I was getting used to the smell of death, as much as anyone could get used to it.
Douglas R. Hofstadter, Gödel, Escher, Bach: An Eternal Golden Braid|People enjoy inventing slogans which violate basic arithmetic but which illustrate “deeper” truths, such as “1 and 1 make 1” (for lovers), or “1 plus 1 plus 1 equals 1” (the Trinity). You can easily pick holes in those slogans, showing why, for instance, using the plus-sign is inappropriate in both cases. But such cases proliferate. Two raindrops running down a window-pane merge; does one plus one make one? A cloud breaks up into two clouds -more evidence of the same? It is not at all easy to draw a sharp line between cases where what is happening could be called “addition”, and where some other word is wanted. If you think about the question, you will probably come up with some criterion involving separation of the objects in space, and making sure each one is clearly distinguishable from all the others. But then how could one count ideas? Or the number of gases comprising the atmosphere? Somewhere, if you try to look it up, you can probably fin a statement such as, “There are 17 languages in India, and 462 dialects.” There is something strange about the precise statements like that, when the concepts “language” and “dialect” are themselves fuzzy.
B.N. Toler, Where One Goes|My life was being planned in sentences that started with 'We' instead of 'I', yet it felt like the most natural transition in the world.
David N. Elkins|In my more rebellious days I tried to doubt the existence of the sacred, but the universe kept dancing and life kept writing poetry across my life. (Beyond Religion, p. 81)
Henry Miller, Sexus|Imagination is the voice of daring. If there is anything godlike about God, it is that. He dared to imagine everything
Pax Prentiss, The Alcoholism and Addiction Cure|If you can stop using substance or stop your addictive behavior for extended periods of time without craving, you are not dependent. You are dependent only if you can't stop without physical or psychological distress (you have unpleasant physical and/or psychological withdrawal symptoms) or if you stop and then relapse.
Carl R. Rogers, A Way of Being|The strongest force in our universe is not overriding power, but love.
Bangambiki Habyarimana, Pearls Of Eternity|Politicians know it's a game of power, every politician at every level, even in the common of mortals.
Deyth Banger|We didn’t think anything of it at the time, but we saw several of the bodies of the crew, space pirates all, with what looked like necklaces of garlic around their necks. There was salt strewn on the floor in places, and it made a crunchy sound as we walked over it. Some had died clinging to crude wooden and metal crosses. Religious fanatics, I thought then – after all, isn’t it usually the worst sort of people who turn to religion when they suddenly see their end approaching and they fear some kind of reckoning coming their way?
Chris Christie|It is past time for Republican leadership to answer for record deficits and reckless spending, both in Iraq and in the U.S. It's time for a plan to bring our troops home.
Rose Wynters, Phase Three: Devastate|I didn't want to drive him away, and I knew that most girls of my age weren't virgins. And even worse, physically, I wanted him too. I was curious to appease my own needs, and they were building by the day. My red light had already shifted to a yellow, but was I really ready for the green one? I was afraid that one day my body would overrule my doubts, and in the end, I would regret it. What was a girl to do?
John Wooden|If you don't have time to do it right, when will you have the time to do it over?
Jessica Brody, A Week of Mondays|It’s like I became so obsessed with doing things right, I forgot to enjoy them.
Vivek Shanbhag, Ghachar Ghochar|Blood diamonds, she thought. That’s exactly what these are. She felt almost as superstitious as the Africans now, as if the pink diamonds themselves had somehow caused all this hardship and death.
Elijah Onyenmeriogu|Sure, there are little victories here and there that may seem like lucky breaks, but luck is simply when preparation meets opportunity.
Julie Anne Peters, By the Time You Read This, I'll Be Dead|Christmas, when observed with the right spirit, still has the power to call miracles from Heaven to Earth.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|The greatest of all faults in a politician, and in any leader, is the failure to recognize that charisma has nothing to do with ability, excellence, or goodness. In fact, charisma enables far more the evils of the universe than great and worthy accomplishments, Give me pedestrian accomplishments over charisma any day.
Raymond Chandler, The Big Sleep|Neither of the two people in the room paid any attention to the way I came in, although only one of them was dead.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Joy doubles your faith, strength triples your might, and love quadruples your power.
Martin Sheen, Along the Way: The Journey of a Father and Son|It takes a long time to grow an old friend, so I figure I better get moving.
Erik Larson, The Devil in the White City: Murder, Magic, and Madness at the Fair That Changed America|I will be on the look out for you, my dear girl," he wrote. "You must expect to give yourself up when you come." For this buttoned-up age, for Burnham, it was a letter that could have steamed itself open.
Criss Jami, Healology|The best of fiction, as we know, of course, doesn't tell the truth; it tales the truth.
Stephanie Witter, Fix Up|If your heart loses the ability to trust, you'll never love again.
Robert Pinsky|By far, the greatest danger of Artificial Intelligence is that people conclude too early that they understand it.
Julianne Donaldson, Edenbrooke|Laughter erupted from her belly and shot out her mouth like pigeons through an open cage door, schoolchildren bursting into summer vacation, water from a tapped hydrant.
Ally Condie, Reached|They both have in common their conviction that they are still learning, still growing, when in fact they have long ago lost that ability.
Jay Woodman|I'm hungry for knowledge. The whole thing is to learn every day, to get brighter and brighter. That's what this world is about. You look at someone like Gandhi, and he glowed. Martin Luther King glowed. Muhammad Ali glows. I think that's from being bright all the time, and trying to be brighter.
Susan C. Young|When change happens, you have a choice for how you are going to respond. You can either lose your composure and react impetuously or use the event or situation as a learning opportunity to shift your mindset and respond appropriately. Begin to notice your responses when changes occur and do your best to choose a breakthrough over a breakdown.
Gordon Gee|The auto industry must acknowledge that a rational transportation policy should seek a balance between individual convenience, the efficient use of limited resources, and urban-living values that protect spaciousness, natural beauty, and human-scale mobility.
Nicole Kiefer, Waiting in the Wings|An inappropriate attraction to your friend’s fiancé was grounds for disbarment from the Woman Club. Neither did it make a lick of sense. He was uncouth, uneducated, uncivilized. All of their conversations back then had been unholy bicker fests where they charged from the opposite ends of the spectrum, determined not to meet in the middle but to rip pieces out of each other on the drive by.
Garson Kanin, Tracy and Hepburn|She looked Spencer over, tip to toe, as though she were considering buying him. Then she smiled her friendliest smile and said, "You're rather short, aren't you?" "Don't worry honey," said Mankiewicz, trying desperately to extinguish Spencer's glare. "He'll cut you down to size.
Tim Heidecker|I'd love to do a comedy. I'm terrified of comedy. I don't think I'm funny, but I guess that's why it's so thrilling.
Alexander Schmemann, O Death, Where Is Thy Sting?|To be more precise... death is [contrary to] God, and if death is natural, if it is the ultimate truth about life and about the world, if it is the highest and immutable law about all of creation, then there is no God, then this whole story about creation, about joy, and about the light of life is a total lie.
Tulku Urgyen, As It Is, Volume II|You do not need to fabricate at all. Once you utterly let be, involvement in thoughts of past, present and future subside. By letting be, you are no longer involved in the thoughts of the three times. When utterly letting be, wakefulness is vividly present.
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|Widge can see the past." Poppet says suddenly. "That's why his stories are so good." "The past is easier," Widget says. "It's already there.""In the stars?" Bailey asks."No." Widget says. "On people. The past stays on you the way powdered sugar stays on fingers. Some people can get rid of it but it's still there, the events and t hings that pushed you to where you are now.
Javan, Something to Someone|I don't wish to be everything to everyone, but I would like to be something to someone.
Chris     Murray, Selling with EASE: The Four Step Sales Cycle Found in Every Successful Business Transaction|If you don’t earn their trust at the beginning, they sure as hell won’t trust you with their money at the end.
Patricia Briggs, Raven's Strike|In the loss of skill, we lose stewardship; in losing stewardship we lose fellowship; we become outcasts from the great neighborhood of Creation. It is possible - as our experience in this good land shows - to exile ourselves from Creation, and to ally ourselves with the principle of destruction - which is, ultimately, the principle of nonentity. It is to be willing in general for being to not-be. And once we have allied ourselves with that principle, we are foolish to think that we can control the results. (pg. 303, The Gift of Good Land)
Akif Kichloo, The Feeling May Remain|The tragedy of love is in its ending, the blessing—everything else. No love ever deserves to end.
Doris Lessing, The Golden Notebook|She fails to see who I am, even, for her eyes do not, will not, take me in. Instead they transmit a powerful message. She is like a billboard flashing, starkly: 'Keep Out'.
April Mae Monterrosa|The more you try to protect yourself from love, the more pain you bring to yourself and those that love you
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|The real genesis is forbidden to me, vis-à-vis N´s inability to confess even the mildest transgressions.
Lilian Jackson Braun|She loves the smell of his fur, all warm and musky and cat-spit clean.
Mike Massimino, Spaceman: An Astronaut's Unlikely Journey to Unlock the Secrets of the Universe|My favorite lecturer was Alan Bean, who flew on Apollo 12 and is one of the twelve guys who walked on the moon. After retiring from NASA, he became a painter. Alan's lecture was called "The Art of Space Exploration." He talked about the mistakes he'd made and how he learned to fix them. One lesson that took him a while to learn was that at a place like NASA you can only have an effect on certain things. You can't control who likes you. You can't control who gets assigned to flights or what NASA's budget is going to be next year. If you get caught up worrying about things you can't control, you'll drive yourself nuts. It's better to focus on the things right in front of you. Identify the places where you can have a positive impact. Concentrate there and let the rest take care of itself. The last thing Alan said to us was 'What most people want in life is to do something great. That doesn't happen often. Don't take it for granted. Don't be blasé about it. And don't blow it. A lot of times, believe it or not, people blow it.
Charles Lyell, Principles of Geology, Volume 2|Definition of a SufiTo learn, people must give up a great deal, and this includes ritual as something from which they imagine they might learn. It is to emphasise this that Abu-Yaqub al-Susi, quoted in Kalabadhi's Taaruf, states that the Sufi is 'One who does not care when something is taken from him, but who does not cease to seek for what he has not.
Catherine Lacey, Nobody Is Ever Missing|I found, increasingly, that I did not particularly care and I tried to fake a little kindness, a little sweetness, tried to mirror Luna back at herself, but that exhausted me after a week and I concluded that I was not meant for this sort of thing, friends, friendliness, no, I wasn't meant for it.
Laura Marney, No Wonder I Take A Drink|I had always thought of home not as a house, or even a place, but a feeling of safety and acceptance, a warm light when the rest of the world was a dark, forbidding place.Whenever my family was around, wherever we were, I felt like I was home.
Chris Martenson|Savers have to be punished so debtors can be saved.Why? Because if debtors are rescued, that makes it possible for more debts to be issued in the future.And why is that important? Because the banking system needs ever more loans in order to survive.
Cyril Pedrosa|In our springtime there is no better,there is no worse.Blossoming branches burgeon as they must.Some are long,some are short.Stay upright.Stay with life.
Melanie  Crowder, A Nearer Moon|It felt like betrayal, finding joy even in little things when Willow was in danger.
V.S. Carnes|No," he said hoarsely, "the chair will do just fine, thank you.""If I know you are uncomfortable, I shan't be able to sleep." She sounded remarkably like a damsel in distress.Dunford shuddered. He had never been able to resist playing hero. Slowly he got to his feet and walked to the empty side of the bed.How bad could it be?
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Selfish Genie: A Satirical Essay on Altruism|Every single good person is a good person for their own sake, not for the sake of humanity, not even for the sake of another human being.
William Shakespeare, King Lear|He had found that jealousy – or perhaps the fear of betrayal – was no respecter of age. Indeed, if anything, he thought getting older simply made it worse; he felt more vulnerable now.
Milan Kundera|Two people in love, alone, isolated from the world, that's beautiful.
Franz Wright, God's Silence|literature will lose, sunlight will win, don't worry.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|The point is, Ilsa Hermann had decided to make suffering her triumph. When it refused to let go of her, she succumbed to it. She embraced it. 
Luke Perry|I do enjoy doing pantomime at Christmas. If I didn't do it, I'd feel as though I was missing something.
Nietszche|What the sense feels, what the spirit perceives, is never an end in itself. But sense and spirit would like to persuade you that they are the end of all things: they are as vain as that.
Mervyn Peake, Titus Groan|Sometimes...you can cry until there's nothing wet in you. You can scream and curse to where your throat rebels and ruptures. You can pray, all you want, to whatever god you think will listen. And, still it makes no difference. It goes on, with no sign as to when it might release you. And you know that if it ever did relent...it would not be because it cared.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|Constantly stopping to explain oneself may expand into a frustrating burden for the rare individual, so ceasing to do so is like finally dropping the weights and sprinting towards his goals. Those who insincerely misunderstand, who intentionally distort the motives of a pure-intentioned individual, then, no longer have the opportunity to block his path; instead, they are the ones left to stand on the sidelines shouting frustratedly in the wind of his trail.
Sogyal Rinpoche|How many of us are swept away by what I have come to call an 'active laziness'?It consists of cramming our lives with compulsive activity, so that there is no time at all to confront the real issues.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Life presents innumerable possibilities for love, friendship, compassion, and self-fulfillment, but we must be willing to give in order to receive. Persistence, sacrifice, a quest for knowledge, along with acquaintance with our true self is essential in order to achieve our dreams. Panic, fear, worry, doubt, anger, and a negative attitude are the biggest impediments to self-realization. The most important battle we undertake in life is not with other people; rather it takes place in the human mind.
Jaachynma N.E. Agu, Risk It, Be Different|Your Barney?” Cole’s eyebrows shot up. “Yours?”“He’s mine all right!” Claire replied. “Everyone in this family belongs to everyone else – belongs with everyone else, rather. I’ve looked after him for a year now – ironed his shirts, made his school lunches, told him stories. I made that dressing gown he’s wearing, whereas no one knew you were alive this time last week. But what matters most is that he wants to be ours and he doesn’t want to be yours. That’s what counts.
Peter Singer, Practical Ethics|When we make ethical judgments, we must go beyond a personal or sectional point of view and take into account the interests of all those affected, unless we have sound ethical grounds for doing otherwise. This means that we weigh interests, considered simply as interests and not as my interests, or the interests of people of European descent, or of people with IQs higher than 100. This provides us with a basic principle of equality: the principle of equal consideration of interests. The essence of the principle of equal consideration of interests is that we give equal weight in our moral deliberations to the like interests of all those affected by our actions. This means that if only X and Y would be affected by a possible act, and if X stands to lose more than Y stands to gain, it is better not to do the act. We cannot, if we accept the principle of equal consideration of interests, say that doing the act is better, despite the facts described, because we are more concerned about Y than we are about X. What the principle really amounts to is: an interest is an interest, whoever's interest it may be.
Gyorgy Ligeti|Over the years, music put a weapon in my hand and words in my mouth, it backed me up and shielded me, it shook me and scared me and showed me the way; music opened me up to living and being and feeling.
Takatsu|No matter what happens or what we go through, there is always a miracle waiting for us. The miracle is you.
Michael Ignatieff|If you keep it," Daneca says, "he'll have his claws in you."Everyone has their claws in me. Everyone.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Desire, Desire, Desire!Desire to love,Desire to live,Desire to learn,Desire to dream,Desire to give,Desire to forgive,Desire to grow.
Matthew J. Hefti, A Hard And Heavy Thing|The world he had left was not ready for his return, or rather, he was not ready to return to the world he had left.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Religion, Philosophy and life|Knowingly or unknowingly, our past disappointments guide us positively and or negatively in our present day journey of life, based on how we see and use the lessons from our past!
Veronica Roth|If you want to be the best, you have to do things that other people aren't willing to do.
Vusi Mahlasela|Passion is one great force that unleashes creativity, because if you're passionate about something, then you're more willing to take risks.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|When a man, however passively, becomes an obstacle to the fulfillment of a woman's desires, he becomes an odious thing in her eyes, - or will, given time enough.
Vivek Modi|Raise, Awake and take stand. Draw the path for others. Be a Leader.
Sarah Ockler, The Summer of Chasing Mermaids|REFLECTIONS OF A MIRRORBeautiful is he who recognizes what is truly beautiful,Even if the surface is ugly.Truthful is he who says what is true,Even if the truth is ugly.Ugly is he who measures beauty by its exterior,Without first weighing the interior.And ugly is the man who judges harshly what he sees looking out,Without first judging what he sees in the mirror.
George Foreman|You know, the standard state for people is 'mildly pleasant.' Negative emotions are quite rare, and extremely positive emotions are rare. But people are mildly pleased most of the time, they're mildly tired a lot of the time, and they wish they were somewhere else a substantial part of the time - but mostly they're mildly pleased.
Max Stirner, The Ego and Its Own|Where the world comes in my way - and it comes in my way everywhere - I consume it to quiet the hunger of my egoism. For me you are nothing but - my food, even as I too am fed upon and turned to use by you. We have only one relation to each other, that of usableness, of utility, of use. We owe each other nothing, for what I seem to owe you I owe at most to myself. If I show you a cheery air in order to cheer you likewise, then your cheeriness is of consequence to me, and my air serves my wish; to a thousand others, whom I do not aim to cheer, I do not show it.
Kamil Ali, Profound Vers-A-Tales|It was said that if you duped death, if you kept someone alive who should have died, then you might be called to die in their place. Energy was demanded, if not from one source, then from another.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Before you can positively and passionately pursue what your heart love to do, you must first be grateful to the one who gave you such a heart to love such a thing!
Toni Sorenson|Never let anyone belittle your efforts to better yourself. Let them stand back or stand aside, but you move forward no matter who tries to stop you.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass|Why do I love poetry? It's more than word play, less about the pay. Let's just say that for the first time in a long while I stopped running, stared back at my darkest worst and said, 'Come here, you belong with me
John Madden|I'm not good at anything except writing jokes. I wasn't good at sports, I wasn't good at anything artsy, ever. I think there was a real worry for a while about what I would be good at. I was just this chubby little Indian kid who looked like a nerd.
Frederica Mathewes-Green|Somehow we just don't make the same boisterous fun of Holy Week that we do of Christmas. No one plans to have a holly, jolly Easter.
Yudhanjaya Wijeratne, Numbercaste|We would sneer sometimes at how pointless it all was, all those bourgeois souls wrapping themselves in luxury, isolating themselves from the raw edges of the word; and in between puffs, we would smile, and dream of owning those streets, dreaming the same dreams that we scorned others for.
Liz Murray|If you are in a spaceship that is traveling at the speed of light, and you turn on the headlights, does anything happen?
Haroutioun Bochnakian, The Human Consensus and The Ultimate Project Of Humanity|Monotheism and an absolute God define one another.The absolute is a mental construct, an abstract mental model.The absolute, whether it is a purest abstract essence or an extreme abstract measure, only exists in our minds as an abstraction.Furthermore, the absolute will only lead to the abandon of all measure and blind us to the relative interdependence of all things.The measure of knowledge of life is the knowledge of the measure of this relative interdependence.
Gayle King|'Old times' never come back and I suppose it's just as well. What comes back is a new morning every day in the year, and that's better.
Arthur C. Clarke|Sometimes I think we're alone in the universe, and sometimes I think we're not. In either case the idea is quite staggering.
David Amerland, The Social Media Mind: How social media how social media is changing business, politics and science and helps create a new world order.|It seems perverse that we can be more social than anyone would have thought possible when we are at our most anti-social, locked away from the world and silently staring at a computer screen, but that, as psychologists will tell you is the way we operate. When we are at the maximum of our disconnect we also are ready to connect and feel the need for interaction.
Nancee Cain, Saving Evangeline|Lying here with him, I realize love is so much more than silly words or actions. It is all encompassing and unfathomable until experienced. It is darkness intertwined with light, good with evil.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Listen to all, believe few, count on some, but trust none.
Daniel Defoe, Robinson Crusoe|While many people are proud of being self-made, it only explains all the flaws.
Vinita Kinra|For me writing has always been best when it's intimate, as sexy as skin on skin.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|If something came out of the deal, it couldn’t make things any worse for us than they already were, I thought. But I couldn’t have been more wrong. Hell has no true bottom.
Aleatha Romig, Truth|Tony poured wine into each glass and handed one to Claire. “Do you remember when we had wine at the Red Wing?”Claire closed her eyes, recalling the scene from a lifetime ago, and nodded. “I do.”“I’d been watching you for years. I was so nervous that night. I thought I was planning your acquisition.” He looked into his red liquid. Her stance straightened, “If you’re using business metaphors, may I suggest hostile takeover. It’s more appropriate.
Stephen King, Joyland|Oh honey, have you learned nothing from these plays? Ain't such a line between faking and being.
Patricia St. John, Patricia St. John Tells Her Own Story|...stooping very low, He engraves with careHis Name, indelible, upon our dust;And from the ashes of our self-despair,Kindles a flame of hope and humble trust.He seeks no second site on which to build,But on the old foundation, stone by stone,Cementing sad experience with grace,Fashions a stronger temple of His own.
Jeanette LeBlanc|We are in this together. None of us truly walk in isolation, even when we cannot sense the presence of another for miles upon miles. Even in the worst of our desolation. Even during our coldest 3am breakdown. Even when we shut out the world and spin in circles until we collapse. Even then the light still gets in. Even then the heart still opens and reaches, tendrils of hope curling and bending toward slivers of light. Upward, outward, in all directions – seeking light at all cost. One way or another, we all grow toward the light.
