Masha Gessen, The Man Without a Face: The Unlikely Rise of Vladimir Putin|It turned out that capitalism alone could make people not only rich and happy but also poor, hungry, miserable, and powerless.
Bill Nye|Science is the key to our future, and if you don’t believe in science, then you’re holding everybody back. And it’s fine if you as an adult want to run around pretending or claiming that you don’t believe in evolution, but if we educate a generation of people who don’t believe in science, that’s a recipe for disaster. We talk about the Internet. That comes from science. Weather forecasting. That comes from science. The main idea in all of biology is evolution. To not teach it to our young people is wrong.
Charles D'Ambrosio, Loitering: New & Collected Essays|Being suicidal is really tiring. A lot of suicides are so lacking in affect and so lethargic that they aren’t able to kill themselves until their mood improves—spring, for that reason, has the highest rate of what people in the business call “completed” suicides.
Debasish Mridha|I will forget what you said, but I will never forget how lively, joyful and grateful you made me feel.
Nora Raleigh Baskin, All We Know of Love|People worried about our passing over into some robotic state, but we were so much like robots already, programmed and easy to manipulate.
Charles Dickens, Bleak House|Whenever a person says to you that they are as innocent as lambs in all concerning money, look well after your own money, for they are dead certain to collar it, if they can. Whenever a person proclaims to you 'In worldly matters I'm a child,' you consider that that person is only a crying off from being held accountable, and that you have got that person's number, and it's Number One. Now, I am not a poetical man myself, except in a vocal way, when it goes round a company, but I'm a practical one, and that's my experience. So's this rule. Fast and loose in one thing, Fast and loose in everything. I never knew it fail. No more will you. Nor no one.
Rick Yancey, The 5th Wave|Damn, her mouth was a weapon.
Rory McIlroy|I never thought in a million years I'd be that healthy girl who wakes up every morning to exercise. After being called 'cherubic and chubby,' I'm rocking a bikini!
Aravind Adiga, Last Man in Tower|Because in this world, there is a line: on one side are the men who cannot get things done, and on the other side are the men who can. And not one in a hundred will cross that line. Will you?
Jack Dee|I feel like I have as good a shot as anybody out there and I have gotten close in the past, so why not have the attitude that I can come out and play great tennis and maybe even win this tournament.
Marina Simcoe, The Real Thing|In society, we do horrible things to one another because we don’t see the person it affects. We don’t see their face. We don’t see them as people.
G.K. Chesterton, The Everlasting Man|While most science moves in a sort of curve, being constantly corrected by new evidence, this science flies off into space in a straight line uncorrected by anything. But the habit of forming conclusions, as they can really be formed in more fruitful fields, is so fixed in the scientific mind that it cannot resist talking like this. It talks about the idea suggested by one scrap of bone as if it were something like the aeroplane which is constructed at last out of whole scrapheaps of scraps of metal. The trouble with the professor of the prehistoric is that he cannot scrap his scrap. The marvellous and triumphant aeroplane is made out of a hundred mistakes. The student of origins can only make one mistake and stick to it.
Jim Hunt|There's the conforming 9-to-5-lifestyle thing. Then there's, like, settling down, trying to find a balance in a relationship sense, or having a dog and having a house. All these things, like, they're not really gonna make you happy.
Tom Graves|I married a pretty famous girl, and when we drive through town there's usually a car following us, when I walk out of my front door in Chelsea there's six guys waiting for me.
Tamara L. Chilver|If I had to sum up homeschooling in one word, it would be freedom.
Maha Khlaid|this is why we call people exes, I guess - because the paths that cross in the middle end up separating at the end. it's too easy to see an X as a cross-out. it's not, because there's no way to cross out something like that. the X is a diagram of two paths.
Lawren Leo, Dragonflame: Tap Into Your Reservoir of Power Using Talismans, Manifestation, and Visualization|Be an artist, in whatever little faculty possible.For the Earth, without ‘Art’ is just ‘Eh
M. James Airey|We are our own children's "perfect" parents, and within us lie all the simple, yet profound qualities of inner perfection.
Allen Carr|When we first arrived at the school we received an extended introduction detailing what a wonderful place it was and how lucky we were to be there. But no one explained exactly why we were to be there. Yes, we understood the general objective was to accumulate knowledge, although learning Shakespeare and algebra did not strike us as particularly helpful to our future lives. I've yet to meet a single person who found a use for algebra in later life. The excuse proffered was that it developed intelligence. It struck me as extremely unintelligent not to give us the opportunity to study subjects that would be of practical use as well as develop our intelligence. I learned Boyle's law and Ohm's law parrot fashion without having a clue as to their meaning, yet left the school five years later incapable of changing a fuse or wiring a three-pin plug. Understandably, we formed the general impression that we were there for the same reason we were sent to Sunday school – to keep us out of mischief until we were old enough to work.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton, The Woman's Bible|Our civil and criminal codes reflect at many points the spirit of the Mosaic. In the criminal code we find no feminine pronouns, as "He," "His," "Him," we are arrested, tried and hung, but singularly enough, we are denied the highest privileges of citizens, because the pronouns "She," "Hers" and "Her," are not found in the constitutions. It is a pertinent question, if women can pay the penalties of their crimes as "He," why may they not enjoy the privileges of citizens as "He"?
Kiar|This proves the significance of individualism; being able to face the music, to embrace it, and then create something beautiful from it. You can’t truly be happy unless you’re unhappy sometimes and the pinnacle of life can only be reached when one can carve their own path.
Chris Lester, Whispers in the Wood|You can't teach kindness with a whip, Janus.
Andrew  Taylor, The Ashes of London|Cats, Dog considered, were clearly a lot tougher than lost souls.
RVM|Have you ever paused to be Grateful? For eyes to see, nose to smell, ears to hear, tongue to taste, hands to feel, head to think and heart to love?
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|Words are more forgettable, but the emotional effects they have on the person hearing them stay engraved in his or her memory.
Alexandra Bracken, Never Fade|He could silence me, but Rob had no power over my mind
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|It’s important that what thoughts you are feeding into your mind because your thoughts create your belief and experiences. You have positive thoughts and you have negative ones too. Nurture your mind with positive thoughts: kindness, empathy, compassion, peace, love, joy, humility, generosity, etc. The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.
Margaret Atwood, You are Happy|SPRING POEMIt is spring, my decision, the earthferments like rising breador refuse, we are burninglast year's weeds, the smokeflares from the road, the clumped stalksglow like sluggish phoenixes / it wasn'tonly my fault / birdsongs burst fromthe feathered pods of their bodies, dandelionswhirl their blades upwards, from beneaththis decaying board a snakesidewinds, chained hidesmelling of reptile sex / the hensroll in the dust, squinting with bliss, frogbodiesbloat like bladders, contract, stringthe pond with living jellyeyes, can I be thisruthless? I plungemy hands and arms into the dirt,swim among stones and cutworms,come up rank as a fox,restless. Nights, while seedlingsdig near my headI dream of reconciliationswith those I have hurtunbearably, we move stilltouching over the greening fields, the futurewounds folded like seedsin our tender fingers, daysI go for vicious walks past the charredroadbed over the bashed stubbleadmiring the view, avoidingthose I have not hurtyet, apocalypse coiled in my tongue,it is spring, I am searchingfor the word:finishedfinishedso I can begin overagain, some yearI will take this word too far.
Cecily von Ziegesar, You Know You Love Me|I already explained this. I don’t like you. True, I don’t like most people, but I especially dislike you. I could start my own religion based on how much I dislike you.
Lama Surya Das, Buddha Standard Time: Awakening to the Infinite Possibilities of Now|When we ground ourselves in the present moment, we spontaneously connect better with others. We become more responsive and less reactive, listening more deeply and speaking with greater clarity.
Albert Camus|I don't think that people accept the fact that life doesn't make sense. I think it makes people terribly uncomfortable. It seems like religion and myth were invented against that, trying to make sense out of it.
Lindsay J. Pryor, Blood Shadows|What are you most scared of, Caitlin? What I can do to you, or how I make you feel?
Malak El Halabi|It was the moment I heard your laughter. The moment I heard us laughing, two cascades in the middle of a desert, careless and uninhibited.
James Corden|My granddaddy on my momma's side, he was a romantic. He loved love songs. Every Valentine's Day, I remember him buying a red carnation for my grandmomma, my momma and my sister. That was something you could count on every year.
Thomas Piketty|I've seen all kinds of things done to dolphins in my travels around the world, but I have never seen anything as horrible as this dolphin drive hunt in Taiji.
Debasish Mridha|You can contol nothing but your own thoughts, but with your thoughts you can control the whole world.
Roshan Sharma|Life is not about changing the external circumstances, to please your internal world, rather life is to change your internal circumstances so that you can accept, whatever takes place in the external world.
Osamu Dazai, The Setting Sun|I am afraid because I can so clearly foresee my own life rotting away of itself, like a leaf that rots without falling, while I pursue my round of existence from day to day.
Danny Katch, ABC's of Socialism|Artists are often repulsed by the anti-human values and commercialized culture of their society, but they are also aware that they have a unique status within it that allows them to express their creative individuality - as long as it sells. They fear that socialism would strip them of that status and reduce them to the level of mere workers, because they are unable to imagine a world that values and encourages the artistic expression of all of its members.
Cecelia Ahern|Broken doesn't mean we're valued any less, it just means we've loved someone so much and so fiercely that losing them feels like we've lost part of ourselves.
Richard Matheson, What Dreams May Come|It was a bitch living with your old English teacher, especially when your old English teacher wasn’t old at all, and he had exactly the kind of body that most appealed to her, tall and lean, broad in the shoulder, narrow at the hip. Then there was his brain. It had taken her a lot of years to find that particular part of a man appealing, but she’d finally gotten in the habit, and she couldn’t seem to give it up.
Siri Hustvedt|Writing a book is not a small undertaking, but God placed it on my heart to trust Him with such a project.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|A human textbook. Study me in my slow and patient demise. Watch what happens to me. Learn with me. Morrie would walk that final bridge between life and death, and narrate the trip.
Zhang  Yun, Understand God's Word - Walk in the Truth|Some Day Someone is going to pick up this book (The Bible) and believe it, and put us all to shame.
Peter Ackroyd, Foundation: The History of England from Its Earliest Beginnings to the Tudors|History is about longing and belonging. It is about the need for permanence and the perception of continuity. It concerns the atavistic desire to find deep sources of identity. We live again in the twelfth or in the fifteenth century, finding echoes and resonances of our own time; we may recognise that some things, such as piety and passion, are never lost; we may also conclude that the great general drama of the human spirit is ever fresh and ever renewed. That is why some of the greatest writers have preferred to see English history as dramatic or epic poetry, which is just as capable of expressing the power and movement of history as any prose narrative; it is a form of singing around a fire.
Arti Honrao|When you write a story, don't just write it - live it;When putting words into the mouth of a protagonist (or any character) imagine yourself saying them and while writing about the reaction of the listener, write it the way you would react.Let the conversations not be meant merely to be read but felt as well.If you do not feel what you write; how can you expect the readers to feel it?
Kelly Kapic|Our [theological] study informs our prayers, and our prayers enliven our study. We cannot choose between prayer and study; faithful theology requires prayerful study.
Martha Plimpton|So much of what is best in us is bound up in our love of family, that it remains the measure of our stability because it measures our sense of loyalty. All other pacts of love or fear derive from it and are modeled upon it.
Anna B. Doe, Lost & Found|And his eyes. Don't get me started on his eyes. Just . . . don't. I can't even with this guy. So. Gorgeous. They held an invitation as well, a twinkly, heated, mesmerizing invitation. And I wanted to RSVP so hard.
Colleen Hoover, Maybe Someday|...no one can do a thing about feelings, they exist and there's no way to censor them. We can reproach ourselves for some action, for a remark, but not for a feeling, quite simply because we have no control at all over it.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|God tests, but he does not tempt.
Ava Dellaira, Love Letters to the Dead|If the only one who can kill an angel can’t do it, then who can?’ It’s a good question, one that takes me a minute to come up with an answer. ‘Obadiah West can. Him and his freedom fighters. I’m just a teenager.’‘History is filled with teenagers who lead the fight. Joan of Arc. Okita Soji, the samurai. Alexander the Great. They were all teenagers when they began leading their armies. I think we’re back to those times again, kid.
Stephen J. Day, Horizontal - The Recumbent Adventures of Philias Switchmoat|What is salvation without faith? is likea Christmas tree without a star, is likea kingdom without a king, is likea heart without a beat, is likea light switch that just won't turn on.
Katherine Waterston|Apple's Industrial Design team is harder to get into than the Illuminati, and part of the reason is because no one leaves. In the last 15 years, not one of the 18 designers has ditched Apple for greener pastures.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|We view art in order to escape our own skins, to get outside of the commotion inside our skulls.
Brian Spellman, If the mind fits, shrink it|For I am born to tame you, Kate,And bring you from a wild Kate to a KateComfortable as other household Kates.
Edmond de Goncourt, Pages from the Goncourt Journals|[He] went on to say that during all those years he had done nothing at all, that all he had felt had been a need to live, to live actively, violently, noisily, a need to sing, to make music, to roam the woods, to drink a little too much and get involved in a brawl.
Sergei Bubka|Money speaks, but it speaks with a male voice.
Russell D. Moore, Tempted and Tried: Temptation and the Triumph of Christ|CARDINAL WOLSEYSo farewell to the little good you bear me.Farewell! a long farewell, to all my greatness!This is the state of man: to-day he puts forthThe tender leaves of hopes; to-morrow blossoms,And bears his blushing honours thick upon him;The third day comes a frost, a killing frost,And, when he thinks, good easy man, full surelyHis greatness is a-ripening, nips his root,And then he falls, as I do. I have ventured,Like little wanton boys that swim on bladders,This many summers in a sea of glory,But far beyond my depth: my high-blown prideAt length broke under me and now has left me,Weary and old with service, to the mercyOf a rude stream, that must for ever hide me.Vain pomp and glory of this world, I hate ye:I feel my heart new open'd. O, how wretchedIs that poor man that hangs on princes' favours!There is, betwixt that smile we would aspire to,That sweet aspect of princes, and their ruin,More pangs and fears than wars or women have:And when he falls, he falls like Lucifer,Never to hope again
M.J. Rose, The Witch of Painted Sorrows|No, the sadness will soften, its edges will become less rough. In time missing him will be the way you love him.
R. Buckminster Fuller|I know that "what´s up" is just something people say, but it´s a very hard thing to say anything back to.
Channing Tatum|I seem to be landing a lot of roles with animal interactions, which is amazing.
May Sarton, Selected Poems|So let the world go, but hold fast to joy.
Lama Surya Das, Awakening the Buddha Within: Tibetan Wisdom for the Western World|It is not the outer objects that entangle us. It is the inner clinging that entangles us." - Tilopa
Haruki Murakami|You can hide memories, but you can't erase the history that produced them.Sara looked directly into his eyesI nothing else, you need to remember that. you can't erase history, or change it. it would be like destroying yourself.
Else Holmelund Minarik, Little Bear|If I had to narrow my choice of meats down to one for the rest of my life, I am quite certain that meat would be pork.
Israelmore Ayivor, How You Can Write Your Dream Book|You can’t give what you don’t have. To write, you must read. To write well, read well.
Charlotte Eriksson|Some people make you want to be a better person, and that, for me, is the purest form of love.
David Shapiro, Work Reimagined: Uncover Your Calling|Calling is connection: Uncovering our calling is a deliberate choice to serve others and to make a difference in the world. Our calling is made manifest in service to others...it is paradoxical but true; we are more likely to receive the meaning and fulfillment we seek when we enable others to achieve the meaning and fulfillment they seek, as well.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|Looking at him now-even if she hadn't been in love with him, that part of her that was her mother's daugher, that loved every beautiful thing for its beauty alone, would still have wanted him.
Alison Croggon|While the heart beats, hope lingers.
Ursula Burns|Visit those who are sick, or who are in trouble, especially those whom God has made needy by age, or by other sickness, as the feeble, the blind, and the lame who are in poverty. These you shall relieve with your goods after your power and after their need, for thus biddeth the Gospel.
Andrew Marvell, To His Coy Mistress|Had we but world enough, and time...
Jennifer Baumgardner, Abortion & Life|At the end of the day, feminism is not about what choice you make, it's about having the ability to make a choice.
Aisha Saeed, Written in the Stars|Sad.” She lets out a bitter laugh. “Life is full of sadness. It’s part of being a woman. Our lives are lived for the sake of others. Our happiness is never factored in. Do I want this life? Living here and seeing my husband a few times a year, raising my daughter alone? I don’t know what it was like for you in America, but this is how life is. This is reality. But this advice is coming too late. It’s meaningless now.
Beth Ditto|I am so excited this year getting to play the 85th Anniversary Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade. Everyone knows on Thanksgiving morning to get up, turn on the TV and watch the parade, so to be an actual participant is going to be fun and I'm looking forward to it. I am gonna have to put on my deer hunting gear, though, to stay warm!
Doris Lessing, Going Home|Over the plains of Ethiopia the sun rose as I had not seen it in seven years. A big, cool, empty sky flushed a little above a rim of dark mountains. The landscape 20,000 feet below gathered itself from the dark and showed a pale gleam of grass, a sheen of water. The red deepened and pulsed, radiating streaks of fire. There hung the sun, like a luminous spider's egg, or a white pearl, just below the rim of the mountains. Suddenly it swelled, turned red, roared over the horizon and drove up the sky like a train engine. I knew how far below in the swelling heat the birds were an orchestra in the trees about the villages of mud huts; how the long grass was straightening while dangling locks of dewdrops dwindled and dried; how the people were moving out into the fields about the business of herding and hoeing.
Matt Walsh|If you won 600 million dollars in the lottery, would you go out the next day and break into cars to steal the change from the cup holders? That’s what sleeping around is like when you’ve already found a woman who will pledge her life and her entire being to you for the remainder of her existence.You tell me that you are in an “open marriage.” I will probably be lambasted for “judging” you for it, but, sorry Professor, an “open marriage” makes about as much sense as a plane without wings or a boat that doesn’t float. Marriages, by definition, are supposed to be closed. Actually, I’m getting rather tired of people like you trying to hijack the institution, strip it of its beauty and purpose, and convert it into some shallow little thing that suits your vices.
Oriana Fallaci|If one girl with courage is a revolution, imagine what feats we can achieve together.
Seanan McGuire, Ashes of Honor|All the various types of teachings and spiritual paths are related to the different capacities of understanding that different individuals have. There does not exist, from an absolute point of view, any teaching which is more perfect or effective than another. A teaching's value lies solely in the inner awakening which an individual can arrive at through it. If a person benefits from a given teaching, for that person that teaching is the supreme path, because it is suited to his or her nature and capacities. There's no sense in trying to judge it as more or less elevated in relation to other paths to realization.
Markelle Grabo, The Elf Girl|I hate going through this when we just found...," his voice trailed off."Found what?""Each other," he finished, half-smiling.
Jack Kornfield, Seeking the Heart of Wisdom: The Path of Insight Meditation|If we are engaged in actions that cause pain and conflict to ourselves and others, it is impossible for the mind to become settled, collected, and focused in meditation; it is impossible for the heart to open.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|Even then, it hurt. The pain was always there, pulling me inside of myself, demanding to be felt. It always felt like I was waking up from the pain when something in the world outside of me suddenly required my comment or attention.
Aleister Crowley, Magick Without Tears|The technical developments of almost every form of wealth [e.g., oil, minerals] are the forebears of Big Business; and Big Business, directly or indirectly, is the immediate cause of War.
ShahenshahHK|[I]t was really only in the generation or two before hers that the idea had started to traverse the spectrum of likelihood in the popular imagination, beginning at unthinkable, progressing to absurd, then going from possible but unlikely to probable and likely, before eventually arriving – round about the time of her birth – at seemingly inevitable.
Jazmin Bois|Franklin was a thin, pink person who was either a genius or, well, not one. Chances weren't.
J.C. Reed, Surrender Your Love|I smile at you, hinting at the pleasures ahead, and silently point to the zip at the back of my dress…
George W. Bush|There is a huge trust. I see it all the time when people come up to me and say, 'I don't want you to let me down again.' - Boston, Mass., Oct. 3, 2000
Akshay Vasu|The day you forgive your past and close your eyes. You will hear a river flowing inside you again. You will hear that waves of the ocean hitting the seashores of your soul once again. And again the sun will shine, lighting up your darkest nights.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Think about ethanol again. The benefits of that $7 billion tax subsidy are bestowed on a small group of farmers, making it quite lucrative for each one of them. Meanwhile, the costs are spread over the remaining 98 percent of us, putting ethanol somewhere below good oral hygiene on our list of everyday concerns. The opposite would be true with my plan to have left-handed voters pay subsidies to right-handed voters. There are roughly nine right-handed Americans for every lefty, so if every right-handed voter were to get some government benefit worth $100, then every left-handed voter would have to pay $900 to finance it. The lefties would be hopping mad about their $900 tax bills, probably to the point that it became their preeminent political concern, while the righties would be only modestly excited about their $100 subsidy. An adept politician would probably improve her career prospects by voting with the lefties.Here is a curious finding that makes more sense in light of what we‘ve just discussed. In countries where farmers make up a small fraction of the population, such as America and Europe, the government provides large subsidies for agriculture. But in countries where the farming population is relatively large, such as China and India, the subsidies go the other way. Farmers are forced to sell their crops at below-market prices so that urban dwellers can get basic food items cheaply. In the one case, farmers get political favors; in the other, they must pay for them. What makes these examples logically consistent is that in both cases the large group subsidizes the smaller group.In politics, the tail can wag the dog. This can have profound effects on the economy.
B. Barmanbek, Culpa Innata|In post-modern finance, everybody took a risk when lending or borrowing.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|Given that life is so short, do I really want to spend one-ninetieth of my remaining days on earth reading Edward Gibbon?
Emma Cline|I'd always liked her in a way I never had to think about, like the fact of my own hands.
Erica Ridley, The Viscount's Christmas Temptation|Son of a bitch!" Cash erupted. "He's wearing Nate's guns." Reese had been too occupied gazing into those eyes to notice the oddity of a gun belt strapped around a naked waist. Cash was right. Those were Nate's pretty pearl pistols. Reese had never liked those guns. He liked them even less now. "Sullivan, ask him where he got those," Cash demanded. "What gave you the idea I can speak Comanche?" "Because you are one?" "You're a jackass, but I don't expect you to talk to a donkey." "This is no time to be funny, breed." "Then quit trying so hard.
Jennifer White - Strong Heart Awakening|I'm not everyone's cup of tea, because I'm a kick butt cappuccino with extra milk fluff and chocolate sprinkles!
Jessica Florence|My love for you is immeasurableMy respect for you immenseYou're ageless, timeless, lace and finenessYou're beauty and eleganceYou're a rhapsody, a comedyYou're a symphony and a playYou're every love song ever writtenBut honey what do you see in me?You're in my heart, you're in my soulYou'll be my breath should I grow oldYou are my lover, you're my best friendYou're in my soul
K.A. Tucker, Ten Tiny Breaths|There’s something different about him, and I don’t have to think hard to see it. Something about the way he takes over a room, the way he looks at me, like he has already identified and can disarm every one of my defense mechanisms with no effort, like he sees through them to the disaster lying beneath. And he wants it.
palepinkferriswheel, The Beast|I'm the furthest thing from an angel my love, if anything I'm the devil.""Maybe all the devil wanted was love.
Jasmine Warga, My Heart and Other Black Holes|I bet if you cut open my stomach, the black slug of depression would slide out.
Charlotte Eriksson, Empty Roads & Broken Bottles; in search for The Great Perhaps|There comes a time for healingno matter how broken you are right now;no matter how heavy your heart is right now.There comes a time when you will go outsideand let the sun shine on your faceand let the wind touch your hairand you will not be tired by just simply being awake.There comes a time when you will be happy to be alive againand that day you will appreciate your own beingbecause now you know the other side.Now you know the opposite.Now you know what it’s like to not be sure if you really are; whoyou really are;if you simply are, anymore.And that daywill be the beginning of everything.
Arturo Pérez-Reverte, The Queen of the South|Whoever lived in that apartment had a security gate, blinds that were closed and curtains drawn.  It's probably darker in there than it is in Hollister.
Gloria Steinem, My Life on the Road|Altogether, if I had to pick one place to hang out anywhere, from New York to Cape Town and Australia to Hong Kong, a bookstore would be it.
Karen Marie Moning|Sit," Chloe said, dashing after him and tugging firmly at his sleeve. "Let's hear the rest of it. You can kill him later."~Chloe to Dageus.
David Paul Kirkpatrick, The Address Of Happiness|The Angel of Death took the woman's frail hand. "Don't be afraid." she said. "Life is your past. Death, on the other hand, is your soul preparing for a new beginning. A brand new adventure, if you like." An excerpt from Paradox - Equilibrium. Book 4 in the Paradox series (release date 2013)
Elvis Costello|don't ever think that you're a single in total freedom,but think of combating the forces of lust.
John Wood, Creating Room to Read|The only thing we wanted our young organization to give was an opportunity. We would say to children and to their families: "If you are willing to work hard and make sacrifices and think long term, then Room to Read is the best organization for you. If you're looking for a handout, then you should look elsewhere.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If love was a sin, God Himself would be in the hottest part of Hell.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|It's all God's will: you can die in your sleep, and God can spare you in battle.
Suzanne Collins, Gregor and the Curse of the Warmbloods|Warmblood now a bloodborne death,Will rob your body of it's breathMark your skin and seal your fate The Underland becomes a plate
Jocelyn Soriano, 366 Days of Compassion: One Year Devotional|Sometimes, all we need is just one person who believes in us and who will never give up on us. Someone who sees beyond our weaknesses, beyond our faults. Who knows that though we walk in darkness, we can still find our way into the light.
Kate DiCamillo, Flora and Ulysses: The Illuminated Adventures|Not much goes on in the mind of a squirrel.Huge portions of what is loosely termed "the squirrel brain" are given over to one thought:
Unknown|I don't guarantee you to be a good man,I promise you will be a better man
David Nicholls, One Day|He wanted to live life to the extreme, but without any mess or complications. He wanted to live life in such a way that if a photograph were taken at random, it would be a cool photograph. Things should look right. Fun; there should be a lot of fun and no more sadness than absolutely necessary.
Cat Winters, The Uninvited|Cigarettes are called coffin nails for a reason, Billy Boy," I remembered telling him. "Be careful with those things. You're risking your life.
E. Stanley Jones|The number one thing I look for is personality. For me, the personality of someone makes them more and more attractive over time ... and for those with bad personalities, less and less attractive. I look for honesty, intelligence, kindness, and a good work ethic, to name a few.
Niall Kishtainy, The Economics Book: Big Ideas Simply Explained|At present", Keynes said in 1926, "everything is politics, and nothing policies.
T.W. Brown, That Ghoul Ava & The Queen of the Zombies|Ladies, what in the world is wrong with men? I mean besides all the really obvious stuff. They think they have the handle on everything. And if a lady gets in behind the wheel of a sports car, they act all crazy, like we don't belong. Same thing with motorcycles. Let a gal cruise down the highway on her hog and you'd think she was Lady Godiva for all the stares that she gets. I got news for you, just because we don't...doesn't mean that we can't. Seriously, boys, you can be replaced by a few inches of rubber and a couple of D-cell batteries, so I wouldn't be too cocky.
Winston Churchill|Satire works best when it hews close to the line between the outlandish and the possible - and as that line continues to grow thinner, the satirist's task becomes ever more difficult.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg|Acting is not about being famous, it's about exploring the human soul.
Zoe Weil, Above All, Be Kind: Raising a Humane Child in Challenging Times|If the traditional Rs (reading, writing, and arithmetic) are the basics that we want our children to master academically, then reverence, respect, and responsibility are the three Rs that our children need to master for the sake of their souls and the health of the world.
Robbie Williams|In a liquid modern life there are no permanent bonds, and any that we take up for a time must be tied loosely so that they can be untied again, as quickly and as effortlessly as possible, when circumstances change - as they surely will in our liquid modern society, over and over again.
Patty Murray|Deep down, my mom had long suspected I was gay... Much of her anger and hurt came from her sense of betrayal that she was the last to be told.
Lori L. Otto, Not Today, But Someday|Have you ever been in love? Horrible, isn't it? It makes you so vulnerable. It opens your chest and it opens up your heart and it means that someone can get inside you and mess you up. You build up all these defenses. You build up this whole armor, for years, so nothing can hurt you, then one stupid person, no different from any other stupid person, wanders into your stupid life… You give them a piece of you. They don't ask for it. They do something dumb one day like kiss you, or smile at you, and then your life isn't your own anymore.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Repeated disappointment almost always triggers a series of other reactions: discouragement, anger, frustration, bitterness, resentment, even depression. Unless we learn to deal with disappointment, it will rob us of joy and poison our souls.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Spurgeon's Sermons Vol. 1-10|‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎‎The mind of God is greater than all the minds of men, so let all men leave the gospel just as God has delivered it unto us.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|A man's suffering is similar to the behavior of gas. If a certain quantity of gas is pumped into an empty chamber, it will fill the chamber completely and evenly, no matter how big the chamber. Thus suffering completely fills the human soul and conscious mind, no matter whether the suffering is great or little. Therefore the 'size' of human suffering is absolutely relative.
Arthur Conan Doyle, Sherlock Holmes: The Complete Novels and Stories, Volume I|How sweet the morning air is! See how that one little cloud floats like a pink feather from some gigantic flamingo. Now the red rim of the sun pushes itself over the London cloud-bank. It shines on a good many folk, but on none, I dare bet, who are on a stranger errand than you and I. How small we feel with our petty ambitions and strivings in the presence of the great elemental forces of Nature!
Poppet, Ryan|I'm not a man easily moved to displays of emotion, but tonight I am weak, I am vulnerable. It must be from being inside her, so close to her, breathing in her pain, and love, and light, and blossoming vulnerable beauty
H. G. Wells|Our duty is to encourage every one in his struggle to live up to his own highest idea, and strive at the same time to make the ideal as near as possible to the Truth.
Justina Machado|Some of the FDA's own scientists have charged that politics, not science, is behind the FDA's actions.
Deepika Padukone|Guns go home with the soldiers, but landmines are designed to kill - mindlessly, out of control, for years.
Haruki Murakami, The Wind-Up Bird Chronicle|In truly deep darkness, all kinds of strange things were possible.
Sarah Dessen, Just Listen|I knew I wasn't making sence, but I couldn't seem to connect my thoughts to my tongue. That feeling... How did you tell someone that?
Francois de La Rochefoucauld|Love is all we have, the only way that each can help the other.
Jason Bateman|Often people display a curious respect for a man drunk, rather like the respect of simple races for the insane... There is something awe-inspiring in one who has lost all inhibitions.
Mary Jane Hathaway, These Sheltering Walls|So...what do you want to do?"He didn't even have to think about it."Kiss you again.
Robert  Black|I don't like the dark arts, but I like darkness in art.
Jeffrey Eugenides, Middlesex|Planning is for the world's great cities, for Paris, London, and Rome, for cities dedicated, at some level, to culture. Detroit, on the other hand, was an American city and therefore dedicated to money, and so design had given way to expediency.
Tess Oliver, Seth|It's one thing to love someone so completely that their loss causes you unfathomable grief, agony that rips at your very being. It's another thing to love someone so completely that you can no longer go on with your own life.
Nancy Garden|I progressed through so many different styles of music through my teen years, both as a player and a vocalist, particularly the jazz and pop of the early 20th Century.
Albert Pike|United we stand, divided we fall.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Money is a necessity, but not the determinant of a successful life. It is there to secure you, but not to save you! It is there to support you, but not to sanctify you!
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|But hatred and rage solve nothing. Like a might fire, they quickly consume whatever is fed them.Yet it can't last. Soon enough, they devour all around them and burn out, leaving nothing but a hollowed shell no longer capable of feeling anything at all. (First Guardian)
Tony Robbins|Music is the greatest communication in the world. Even if people don't understand the language that you're singing in, they still know good music when they hear it.
Maite|Against the subtle cries of nature, I found peace. I found home. I found the past and the future strung into a present that demanded to be lived.
Maria Montessori|There's a lot of females that hustle, just like men hustle.
Israelmore Ayivor|No policeman had ever arrested anyone for over-reading; but ignorance prosecutes those who under-read. You begin to stop growing on the day you stop learning, so why not keep learning and keep growing!
Benita J. Prins, Starscape|The more broken you are, the more light gets through.
|A man would never understand the true meaning of life until he becomes comfortable with his true positive self, despite what others might think or say about him.
Ferdinand Ebner|To talk about God, except in the context of prayer, is to take His name in vain.One may, indeed, talk to a child about God, but this is on a par with telling him that he was brought to his mother by a stork.
Whipplesnaith|We think of those nights spent with one or more friends, nights when we merged with the shadows and could see the world with eyes that were not our own.
Alan W. Watts|Philosophers, for example, often fail to recognize that their remarks about the universe apply also to themselves and their remarks. If the universe is meaningless, so is the statement that it is so.
Gwendolyn Brooks, Selected Poems|Say to them,say to the down-keepers,the sun-slappers,the self-soilers,the harmony-hushers,"Even if you are not ready for dayit cannot always be night."You will be right.For that is the hard home-run.Live not for battles won.Live not for the-end-of-the-song.Live in the along.
Zack Love, Stories and Scripts: an Anthology|So I'm delighted to open up a bit about these particular details, in honor of Valentine's Day (when every balding, chubby, and short actuary wants people - especially the babes out there - to know about his studly past"From: "My Best Valentine's Day.Ever: a Short Story
Laura Kreitzer, Burning Falls|Terror builds inside him. The reality that tonight will be his last leaves a sour taste in his mouth. The Tainted will eat him, or on a more terrifying note—if that’s even possible—maybe turn him into one of them. He’d rather die. But first, he’ll take as many of those bastards out as he can. He throws his pack into the throng and jerks the blade from his belt. With a thudding heart, he slices through them. Blood arcs over him, onto him.
Kenya Wright, Escape|I shuddered at the thought of what I would do for her if she asked—kill, steal, desecrate the holy god Ambi, destroy cities and masses of people just at her command.
Ursula K. Le Guin|That's one of our speculations, by the way. That the prior version of history that this one overwrote was horrible. Complete geopolitical mayhem; half of New York City is underwater. The United States is headed toward civil war, or ruled by an artificial-intelligence construct, or some such other thing. Real end-of-days stuff. That the instances of ourselves who existed in that history figured out what we have: that the invention of the causality violation device was the cause. That in that prior version of history, Rebecca did not die in a car accident. That she went back to the past on a mission, as a volunteer, well aware of her sacrifice.
J. Raymond|Through the messages of miracles and breakthrough,people are now more like slaves than human beings.
Russell Brand|Interestingly, one mate of mine, a proper leftie, in his heyday all Red Wedge and right-on punch-ups, was melancholy. "I thought I'd be overjoyed, but really it's just … another one bites the dust …" This demonstrates, I suppose, that if you opposed Thatcher's ideas it was likely because of their lack of compassion, which is really just a word for love. If love is something you cherish, it is hard to glean much joy from death, even in one's enemies.
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|Though her body fit with his like a puzzle piece, his mind was an ever-shifting riddle she felt she could study her whole life and never fully solve. She spent the most time touching him, caressing him, massaging the secrets from his shoulders and embarrassments from his lower back.
Simone Elkeles, Chain Reaction|There is a part of me that no one ever sees.I hide behind a mask of heavy make-up and ever-changing hair and clothing. I try to reinvent myself. It doesn’t work. There are times when I am bone-crushingly sad. I just want to curl into a ball and hide from the rest of the world. But, I plaster on a smile and play the game for my family and friends. They call me a free spirit.I wish I were free. I feel like I am imprisoned by my own mind.
H.W.L. Poonja|Look within, There is no difference between yourself, Self and Guru. You are always Free. There is no teacher, there is no student, there is no teaching.
Théophile Gautier, Pages from the Goncourt Journals|Demander à la poésie du sentimentalisme ... ce n'est pas ça. Des mots rayonnants, des mots de lumière ... avec un rythme et une musique, voilà ce que c'est, la poésie.
Alice Oseman, Radio Silence|I couldn’t quite believe how much I seriously loved Aled Last, even if it wasn’t in the ideal way that would make it socially acceptable for us to live together until we die.
Debasish Mridha|My thoughts and imaginations are little seeds. I want them to grow tall and strong like a tree. I plant them in the soil of paper and let them grow to shade and support the world with beauty, love, joy.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When you wrestle with life, your heart inevitably becomes a warrior; when you wrestle with death, your soul inevitably becomes a conqueror.
Damian Maher, This One Thing|Life passes by in a second; we are like mushrooms in the forest, eternal today and rotten tomorrow...
Demi Lovato|Selfishness must always be forgiven you know, because there is no hope of a cure.
Henry Moseley|In fact, meta- and particle physicists have more in common than one might suppose: both tug, if in slightly different directions, at the knots which hold the cosmos together, both look beyond the immediate world of sense perception into one where cause can only be deduced from effect - a quark is as invisible as an angel; both are confronted by Manichaean polarities - miracles and black magic, cheap energy versus total destruction.
Alice Walker|There may be less of a chance of losing all the money you put into a mutual fund than there is of losing all the money you put into lottery tickets, but you're never going to win big in a mutual fund.
Lorenzo Carcaterra, Gangster|Think, Act, Become
Bryan Stevenson, Just Mercy: A Story of Justice and Redemption|In the land of the seeing, the blindfolded lady justice is Queen.
Ibn Yamin (Translated by Niayesh Afshordi)|One who knows and knows that he knows…His horse of wisdom will reach the skies.One who knows, but doesn’t know that he knows…He is fast asleep, so you should wake him up!One who doesn’t know, but knows that he doesn’t know…His limping mule will eventually get him home.One who doesn’t know and doesn’t know that he doesn’t know…He will be eternally lost in his hopeless oblivion!
Iain Banks|I used to be terrified of my own weakness; if acknowledged it, I thought I would be overwhelmed by it. But I am stronger and braver than that. I am not so easily broken. I am strong enough to realize that it is alright to be fragile, to be less than perfect. Staying connected to that vulnerability, ironically, gives me strength.
Wendy Ely, Dangerous Flames|Like a submarine ejecting ballast, he bobbed to the surface as another sense pulled his eyelids all the way open like roller blinds in the old cartoons.
Jared C. Wilson, The Storytelling God: Seeing the Glory of Jesus in His Parables|A black dog, tall and wide as a full grown man, took a couple of steps toward them. It bared sharp, yellow fangs big as Bowie knifes. Drool dripped from them to the dried grass below. Unable to help it, Lee wet his pants when he saw the animal’s eyes. It had four glowing orbs that burned with a smoldering red light like the fires of Hell.
Mark Ortman|One of the most difficult things to give away is kindness, for it is usually returned.
Joseph Wood Krutch|Wherever I go, I am Italian. The way I talk, the way I eat, the way femininity is important to me. The way I love Italian food.
Jeff Lindsay, Dearly Devoted Dexter|Things that are falling apart encourage me: whatever else, I’m in better shape than they are.
Alin Sav|There is an earthly reality and a heavenly reality, prayer connects both.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|Whatever happened to the dragon?"I mustered my primmest tone. "He has a name, you know."Adrian pulled back and gave me a curious look. "I didn't know, actually. What'd you decide on?""Hopper." When Adrian laughed, I added, "Best rabbit ever. He'd be proud to know his name is being passed on.""Yes, I'm sure he would. Did you name the Mustang too?""I think you mean the Ivashkinator."He stared at me in wonder. "I told you I loved you, right?"Yes," I assured him. "Many times.
Carl Sagan, Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space|Consider again that dot [Earth]. That's here. That's home. That's us. On it everyone you love, everyone you know, everyone you ever heard of, every human being who ever was, lived out their lives. The aggregate of our joy and suffering, thousands of confident religions, ideologies, and economic doctrines, every hunter and forager, every hero and coward, every creator and destroyer of civilization, every king and peasant, every young couple in love, every mother and father, hopeful child, inventor and explorer, every teacher of morals, every corrupt politician, every "superstar," every "supreme leader," every saint and sinner in the history of our species lived there - on a mote of dust suspended in a sunbeam.
Giacomo Casanova|When I first came to Nashville, people hardly gave country music any respect. We lived in old cars and dirty hotels, and we ate when we could.
Shawn Lawrence Otto, Fool Me Twice: Fighting the Assault on Science in America|...Today the invisible hand seems confused and indecisive...Ideology and rhetoric increasingly guide policy decision, often bearing little relationship to factual reality. And the America we once knew seems divided and angry, defiantly embracing unreason.
S.A.R.K., Make Your Creative Dreams Real: A Plan for Procrastinators, Perfectionists, Busy People, and People Who Would Really Rather Sleep All Day|Identifying Your DreamSome people can easily identify one primary dream. For others, a dream is more elusive. These people often have many dreams at once, or a general idea of a dream that never takes a specific shape.
Hlovate, Contengan Jalanan|How can one person be more real than any other? Well, some people do hide and others seek. Maybe those who are in hiding - escaping encounters, avoiding surprises, protecting their property, ignoring their fantasies, restricting their feelings, sitting out the pan pipe hootchy-kootch of experience - maybe those people, people who won't talk to rednecks, or if they're rednecks won't talk to intellectuals, people who're afraid to get their shoes muddy or their noses wet, afraid to eat what they crave, afraid to drink Mexican water, afraid to bet a long shot to win, afraid to hitchhike, jaywalk, honky-tonk, cogitate, osculate, levitate, rock it, bop it, sock it, or bark at the moon, maybe such people are simply inauthentic, and maybe the jacklet humanist who says differently is due to have his tongue fried on the hot slabs of Liar's Hell. Some folks hide, and some folk's seek, and seeking, when it's mindless, neurotic, desperate, or pusillanimous can be a form of hiding. But there are folks who want to know and aren't afraid to look and won't turn tail should they find it - and if they never do, they'll have a good time anyway because nothing, neither the terrible truth nor the absence of it, is going to cheat them out of one honest breath of Earth's sweet gas.
Franz Bardon|Be kind and generous to your fellows, but hard and relentless with yourself.
Joan Cusack|My integrity means more to me than any fame or money. When I say something, I want people to take it to the bank that I mean it and believe in it.
Jessica O'Toole, The Price of Sanctuary|Do only the greatest good, for the greatest number of people. They will do the rest.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|John G. turns on him, hands on hips, hair caked with snow. 'Hey, buddy, let me tell you something. Drugs are the only thing I got. I am a drug addict. That's all I've ever been and that's all I'll ever be. Even if I'm not putting a needle in my arm or pipe in my mouth right this second, the thought is still in my mind.' He taps the side of his head. 'And if I decide I'm gonna get high to deal with the pressures in my life, there's not a fuckin' thing you can do about it.
Chun Yang Hee|To you who eat a lot of rice because you’re lonely, To you who sleep a lot because you’re bored, To you who cry a lot because you are sad, I write this down. Chew on your feelings that are cornerned like you would chew on rice.Anyway, life is something that you need to digest.
Sherman A. Jackson|The Qur’an sought to reform, not to destroy and start from scratch, tosalvage what was useful and then to modify and build on it. The task wasto get the Arabs to think about religion in a novel way, to inculcate in them a new conceptual frame of reference, to transfer them from one worldview to another, and higher, one. This process of transformation took them from traditionalism to individualism, from impulsiveness to discipline, from supernaturalism to science, from intuition to conscious reasoning and, in the end, ideally, harmonized the whole.
Leigh Fallon, Carrier of the Mark|This is going to sound crazy, but... from the moment I first set eyes on you I haven't been able to stop thinking about you.
Brad Szollose|If you really want the key to success, start by doing the opposite of what everyone else is doing.
Atro Spiker|If you want to be strong, smile! He who can smile, even when he's so sad that he wants to die, when it's so painful that he wants to give it all up and run away, is the one who becomes strong.
Liz Grace Davis, Tangi's Teardrops: A Single Tear Will Change Everything...|It won’t be the same. Just because we have the choice of having anything we want without having to lift a finger, we don’t have to take the shortcut. As you’ve seen, we enjoy doing most of the things by ourselves. Food cooked or a house built by hand is more precious.
Jennifer Niven, Velva Jean Learns to Drive|Music did that to me, just like God was supposed to, because music seemed both magic and holy.
Vladimir Nabokov, Pale Fire|How I hated myself, thwarted, poisoned and tortured myself, made myself old and ugly. Never again, as I once fondly imagined, will I consider that Siddartha is clever. But one thing I have done well, which pleases me, which I must praise- I have now put an end to that self-detestation, to that foolish empty life. I commend you, Siddartha, that after so many years of folly, you have again a good idea, that you have accomplished something, that you have again heard the bird in your breast sing and followed it.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Eating Animals|Lewis Richardson wrote that his quest to analyze peace with numbers sprang from two prejudices. As a Quaker, he believed that "the moral evil in war outweighs the moral good, although the latter is conspicuous." As a scientist, he thought there was too much moralizing about war and not enough knowledge. "For indignation is so easy and satisfying a mood that it is apt to prevent one from attending to any facts that oppose it. If the reader should object that I have abandoned ethics for the false doctrine that 'tout comprendre c'est tout pardonner' [to understand all is to forgive all], I can reply that it is only a temporary suspense of ethical judgment, made because 'beaucoup condamner c'est peu comprendre' [to condemn much is to understand little]." (p. 200)
Gwyneth Paltrow|Before every show, I have to put perfume on. I know the crowd's not necessarily going to smell me, but when I smell good, I feel like I can dominate the room.
Gabriel García Márquez, Of Love and Other Demons|But the child shouldn't be blamed for the father's crime, she tried to reason with herself, then. But should the child therefore also enjoy the father's illicit gain?
Charlotte Eriksson|Asleep, he looked a lot younger than going-on-seventeen, but I had noticed that Johnny looked younger when he was asleep too, so I figured everyone did. Maybe people are younger when they are asleep.
Mark Twain, The Mysterious Stranger|And always we had wars, and more wars, and still other wars--all over Europe, all over the world. "Sometimes in the private interest of royal families," Satan said, "sometimes to crush a weak nation; but never a war started by the aggressor for any clean purpose--there is no such war in the history of the race.
Leslie Ludy, Wrestling Prayer: A Passionate Communion with God|Prayer puts God in the position He deserves - that of King, Governor, Benign Controller, Possessor, Lord, and Master.
Wayne Gerard Trotman|I continued toward Atlanta with a Merle Haggard C.D. playing on the stereo. They weren't great hosts, but those guys in The Ted Kaczynski Fan Club had great taste in music. It was all classic country music- none of that sissy, boy-band country that they played on the radio all the time. I drove down the road while Merle preferred to just stay where he was and drink.
Wayne Gerard Trotman, Veterans of the Psychic Wars|Verily, a man should not cling to those who have passed, for he will likely neglect service to the living.
Leo Buscaglia|If a man does not keep pace with his companions, perhaps it is because he hears a different drummer. Let him step to the music which he hears, however measured or far away.
Bill Parcells|Spirituality does two things for you. One, you are forced to become more selfless, two, you trust to providence. The opposite of a spiritual man is a materialist. If I was a materialist I would be making lots of money doing endorsements, doing cricket commentary. I have no interest in that.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|I will blame no enemy that is a good man, nor yet praise a friend that is bad
Sophie Kinsella, My Not So Perfect Life|So I'm biding my time, like a surfer waiting for a wave. I'm pretty good at surfing, as it happens, and I know the wave will come. When the moment is right, I'll get Demeter's attention. She'll look at my stuff, everything will click, and I'll start riding my life. Not paddling, paddling, paddling, like I am right now.
Aldo Leopold, A Sand County Almanac|There are two spiritual dangers in not owning a farm. One is the danger of supposing that breakfast comes from the grocery, and the other that heat comes from the furnace.
Poppet, Sveta|With a laugh exposing a kissable mouth and perfect teeth, he glances my way again, his entire demeanor tensing for a second, those dark eyes finally promising more.They haven't just licked me, they've broken my legs, turned my hips inside out, and sucked my nipples so hard I swear to god they are no longer on my body.
Anthony T. Hincks|Calm sailing doesn't come from calm waters, it comes from having a good navigator; a good crew and a good vessel.
Niall Ferguson, Civilization: The West and the Rest|The space reminded me of the small hay-bale clubhouses and scrap-wood tree forts that my brothers and I had made as kids - high up spaces where you could see things differently, where you could get your bearings.
Debasish Mridha|Wisdom to accept change creates life, but conformity creates stagnation and leads to death.
Nick Bantock, The Venetian's Wife: A Strangely Sensual Tale of a Renaissance Explorer, a Computer, and a Metamorphosis|A storm was coming; you could feel it in the air, chill wind was cutting through the thickest coat and there was a faint wetness in the air that was touching the skin if turned towards the storm. Mark looked at the sky above the ocean. The sky was getting darker it no longer felt like midday, the storm moved the clock forward and it felt more like the beginnings of sunset. With lightening flashes every few minutes, the sky would light up all of a sudden. It was magnificent, breathtaking and even life taking.
John Ralston Saul|The writer's goal is to try to make it frightening without describing it too much, and yet not making it so grey that you don't know what's going on... Your imagination can imagine all sorts of really horrible things, and if you're able to prolong that feeling, then you've succeeded.
Amelia Earhart|The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life; and the procedure, the process is its own reward.
Rebecca Solnit, The Encyclopedia of Trouble and Spaciousness|Women often find great roles in revolution, simply because the rules fall apart and everyone has agency, anyone can act. As they did in Egypt, where liberty leading the masses was an earnest young woman in a black hijab.
Tijan, A Whole New Crowd|Once you cry it out, it’s supposed to vanish…right? It’s not true. It’s just…a little less.It was the first chink in my brickwall. The wall was still there. And it was still made of bricks,but one, maybe two, had been torn down
Ralph Waldo Emerson|A hero is no braver than an ordinary man, but he is brave five minutes longer.
Jim Butcher, Turn Coat|Like “love,” “hope” is one of those ridiculously disproportional words that by all rights should be a lot longer.
Ed Royce|All in all, for someone who was immersed in, fascinated by, and dedicated to flight, I was disappointed by the wrinkle in history that had brought me along one generation late. I had missed all the great times and adventures in flight.
Zig Ziglar|I must uphold my ideals, for perhaps the time will come when I shall be able to carry them out.
Natalie Goldberg, The Great Failure: A Bartender, A Monk, and My Unlikely Path to Truth|Of course, we are drawn to teachers who unconsciously mirror our own psychology. None of us are clean. We all make mistakes. It's the repetition of those mistakes and the refusal to look at them that compound the suffering and assure their continuation.
David Guterson, Snow Falling on Cedars|If disaster, so be it, they said to themselves. There was nothing to be done except what could be done. The rest -- like the salt water around them, which swallowed the snow without effort, remaining what it was implacably -- was out of their hands, beyond.
Ayn Rand, The Virtue of Selfishness: A New Concept of Egoism|One gains a profoundly personal, selfish joy from the mere existence of the person one loves. It is one’s own personal, selfish happiness that one seeks, earns and derives from love.
Janet Mock, Redefining Realness: My Path to Womanhood, Identity, Love  So Much More|My grandmother and my two aunts were an exhibition in resilience and resourcefulness and black womanhood. They rarely talked about the unfairness of the world with the words that I use now with my social justice friends, words like "intersectionality" and "equality", "oppression", and "discrimination". They didn't discuss those things because they were too busy living it, navigating it, surviving it.
Debasish Mridha|A good story is always written with the tears of tragedies and triumphs, and the love and kindness of our lives.
Debasish Mridha|In the depth of deep sadness, I was able to appreciate the beauty of life.
Tove Jansson, The Summer Book|When alone, concentrate on the fruits of the solitude, not on the poisons of it!
Samuel R. Delany, Babel-17|As vocabulary is reduced , so are the number of feelings you can express, the number of events you can describe, the number of the things you can identify! Not only understanding is limited, but also experience. Man grows by language. Whenever he limits language he retrogresses!
Elizabeth von Arnim, Elizabeth and Her German Garden|I never deliberately learned to read, but somehow I had been wallowing illicitly in the daily papers. In the long hours of church--was it then I learned? I could not remember not being able to read hymns. Now that I was compelled to think about it, reading was something that just came to me, as learning to fasten the seat of my union suit without looking around, or achieving two bows from a snarl of shoelaces. I could not remember when the lines above Atticus's moving finger separated into words. But I had stared at them all the evenings in my memory, listening to the news of the day, Bills to Be Enacted into Laws, the diaries of Lorenzo Dow--anything Atticus happened to be reading when I crawled into his lap every night. Until I feared I would lose it, I never loved to read. One does not love breathing.
Masha Hamilton|Yet there in the library, Hamish and I climbed the bright ladder of the body, as if it were sky and we a deafening. twisting flock of birds that could never fall to earth.
Soke Behzad Ahmadi|The purpose of Karate is to guide you out of trouble by any means necessary, both in actual combat and in life
Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose|There are magic moments, involving great physical fatigue and intense motor excitement, that produce visions of people known in the past ("en me retraçant ces détails, j'en suis à me demander s'ils sont réels, ou bien si je les ai rêvés"). As I learned later from the delightful little book of the Abbé de Bucquoy, there are also visions of books as yet unwritten.
Anne Rice, The Vampire Lestat|I've come to believe in some kind of afterlife. A return to our true selves, a spirit self. We're just in this physical body till we go back to spirit.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|Truth falls from the heavens like rain, gently carving many channels in the earth. Your truth may be different from my own, yet both are still true.
Antony Starr|Deprived of meaningful work, men and women lose their reason for existence; they go stark, raving mad.
Frances Mayes|It’s daunting to find the language so foreign, so distant, but also so thrilling. One is absolved of responsibility when the language is incomprehensible.
Jonah Lehrer, How We Decide|A few years ago, Tor Wager, a neuroscientist at Columbia University, wanted to figure out why placebos were so effective. His experiment was brutally straightforward: he gave college students electric shocks while they were stuck in an fMRI machine. (The subjects were well compensated, at least by undergraduate standards.)
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|Love does not exist. There exists the physical need for intercourse, and the rational need for a mate in life.
Abhijit Naskar|Imagine the ancient society of India, and in fact all over the world, a few thousands years ago. In those days, rational thinking was quite scarce. Ignorance was the default mode of thinking. Only a handful of individuals were capable of higher intellectual thinking.
Arielle Hudson, The Cherry On  Top|And then his arms were around me. When he kissed me it was hungrier somehow, as if this moment was all we had, and we had to taste it, drink it, savor it, and not waste a single drop.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Genius is the true mystery, and at its edge--the abyss.
Judith Butler, Bodies That Matter: On the Discursive Limits of "Sex"|So please, for the love of gender- go bloom. Or water someone else while they do.
Karl Marx, Wage-Labour and Capital/Value, Price and Profit|The cry for an equality of wages rests, therefore, upon a mistake is an inane wish never to be fulfilled. It is an offspring of that false and superficial radicalism that accepts premises and tries to evade conclusions. Upon the basis of the wages system the value of labouring power is settled like that of every other commodity; and as different kinds of labouring power have different values, or require different quantities of labour for their production, they must fetch different prices in the labour market. To clamour for equal or even equitable retribution on the basis of the wages system is the same as to clamour for freedom on the basis of the slavery system. What you think just or equitable is out of the question. The question is: What is necessary and unavoidable with a given system of production? After what has been said, it will be seen that the value of labouring power is determined by the value of the necessaries required to produce, develop, maintain, and perpetuate the labouring power.
Daryl Gregory, Spoonbenders|The problem with getting old was that each day had to compete with the thousands of others gone by. How wonderful would a day have to be to win such a beauty contest? To even make it into the finals? Never mind that memory rigged the game, airbrushed the flaws from its contestants, while the present had to shuffle into the spotlight unaided, all pockmarked with mundanities and baggy with annoyances.
Janice Y.K. Lee, The Expatriates|[Margaret] went to a talk on parenting at the end of the school year where the speaker had said that doing good things, charitable things, was actually a selfish act, because it made you feel good. She has been mulling that ever since. Should she do something selfless, something good? Should she reach out to someone who really needs her forgiveness? Would this make her feel better?
Miguel Syjuco|If our greatest fear is to sink away alone and unremembered, the brutality that time will inflict upon each of us will always run stronger than any river's murky waves.
Diana Gabaldon, Outlander|Hades," Kronos growled. "I hope you and the ladies have come to pledge your allegiance." "I'm afraid not." Hades sighed. "My son here convinced me that perhaps I should prioritize my list of enemies." He glanced at me with distaste. "As much as I dislike certainupstart demigods, it would not do for Olympus to fall. I would miss bickering with my siblings. And if there is one thing we agree on—it is that you were a TERRIBLE father.
Debasish Mridha|What you want let it go., if it is truly yours, it will come back to you.
Guy de Maupassant, Bed 29 and Other Stories|Why is it a shame for me to cause them to die and try to exterminate them, tell me? You did not talk that way when you used to come to my house in Jeanne-d'Arc street. Ah! it is a shame! You have not done as much, with your cross of honor! I deserve more merit than you, do you understand, more than you, for I have killed more Prussians than you!
Shannon L. Alder|If you have feelings for someone, let them know. It doesn’t matter if they can be in your life or not. Maybe, it is just enough for both of you to release the truth, so healing can occur. The opposite is true, as well. If you don’t have feelings for someone then never let another person suggest that you do. Protect your reputation and be responsible for the wrong information spread about you. Never allow anyone to live with a false belief or unfounded hope about you. An honorable person sets the record straight, so that person can move on with their life.
R.A.Delmonico|When we are taught that safety lies always with sameness, then difference, of any kind, will appear as a threat
Oscar Wilde, An Ideal Husband|I tried to get away from him, to get to that door, but instead I backed up against the wall and was stuck there in that white, white room.
Gwenn Wright|For a moment she believed he had left, but as she shifted away from the wall she sensed him there beside the bed. He was very close.	Wretched curiosity!	 But she would fight it and not look.	“Katherine,” he whispered, his breath rolling in a warm wave across her cheek. A traitor tear spilled out, the humiliation was too much to contain. Gently, a finger dabbed the wetness from her skin. He said it again, softly, as though it pleased him just to say it, “Katherine.”	“Viktor!” the accented voice bellowed from below. And then the shadow was gone. 	Darkness overwhelmed her then and carried her away to a land of crows and mocking strangers.
Hermann Hesse, Siddharta|Whither will my path yet lead me? This path is stupid, it goes in spirals, perhaps in circles, but whichever way it goes, I will follow it.
Dada Bhagwan|I don’t intend to fight with anyone; I have only one weapon of love. I want to win the world with love. What the world calls love, is really worldly love. [True] Love is when even if you curse me, I would not get ‘depressed’ and when you garland me with flowers, I would not become ‘elevated’. In true love, there would not be any changes. Changes can occur in the intent and feelings (bhaav) of the body, but not in ‘pure love’.
Hanya Yanagihara, A Little Life|To no one, he knew, not even to Willem. But he'd had years to learn how to keep his thoughts to himself; unlike his friends, he had learned not to share evidence of his oddities as a way to distinguish himself from others, although he was happy and proud that they shared theirs with him
Dean Koontz, Odd Apocalypse|Information or allegations reflecting negatively on individuals or groups seen less sympathetically by the intelligentsia pass rapidly into the public domain with little scrutiny and much publicity. Two of the biggest proven hoaxes of our time have involved allegations of white men gang-raping a black woman-- first the Tawana Brawley hoax of 1987 and later the false rape charges against three Duke University students in 2006. In both cases, editorial indignation rang out across the land, without a speck of evidence to substantiate either of these charges. Moreover, the denunciations were not limited to the particular men accused, but were often extended to society at large, of whom these men were deemed to be symptoms or 'the tip of the iceberg.' In both cases, the charges fit a pre-existing vision, and that apparently made mundane facts unneces
Zack Love, The Syrian Virgin|And you can do far more for us from America than you can from here, where you’re just another defenseless Christian. So if you really want to help, Inas, then you’ll go to the very best school you can get into and earn the best grades you can.
Confucius|Imagine that the keeper of a huge, strong beast notices what makes it angry, what it desires, how it has to be approached and handled, the circumstances and the conditions under which it becomes particularly fierce or calm, what provokes its typical cries, and what tones of voice make it gentle or wild. Once he's spent enough time in the creature's company to acquire all this information, he calls it knowledge, forms it into a systematic branch of expertise, and starts to teach it, despite total ignorance, in fact, about which of the creature's attitudes and desires is commendable or deplorable, good or bad, moral or immoral. His usage of all these terms simply conforms to the great beast's attitudes, and he describes things as good or bad according to its likes and dislikes, and can't justify his usage of the terms any further, but describes as right and good the things which are merely indispensable, since he hasn't realised and can't explain to anyone else how vast a gulf there is between necessity and goodness.
Paul F. Dell, Dissociation and the Dissociative Disorders: DSM-V and Beyond|Deception' is the word I most associate with anorexia and the treachery which comes from falsehood. The illness appears inviting. It would seem to offer something to those unwary or unlucky enough to suffer from it - friendship, a get-out, or a haven - when, in fact, it is a trap.
Piero Scaruffi|Big cities comforted me: the cover, the chaos, the hollow sympathy of the architecture, the Tube lines snaking underground. London could swallow you up, in a good way. There were times when I'd been broken and being subsumed into a city had made me feel part of a whole again.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|The captain put his fingers to his temples as if he had a headache. “So, let me get this straight. Edgar, an immortal, who I assume is as unscrupulous as his sisters, tried to take that bracelet from you
Andrew Marvell, The Complete Poems|But something-luck, fate, conspiracy, whatever you want to call it-has thrown us together." He leaned forward, his gaze never leaving her face. "Of all the crazy places in the world, here we are, at the same table, in the same dirty Vietnamese cafe. And..." He paused, his brown eyes warm, his crooked smile a fleeting glimmer in his seriousness. "I'm beginning to think it's time we gave in and followed this crazy script. Time we followed our instincts.
Katie Holmes|Everyone is going to binge on a diet, for instance, so plan for it, schedule it, and contain the damage.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|What shapes the best in us dies when the best education dies! The best in us shall always be undermined when they that are responsible for shaping the best in us are always undermined!I stand for a different education: a different education where students will not just learn books but life!I stand for a different education: a different education where students will not just learn moral principles, but they shall be living examples of moral principlesI stand for a different education: a different education where students don’t just understand what they learn, but practice what they learn with understanding!I stand for a different education: a different education where students will not just learn about people of different beliefs, culture and backgrounds, but how to live with people who don’t share common perspective with them and know how to show their emotions of bitterness and misunderstanding rightly!I stand for a different education: a different education where students will be perfect ambassadors’ of God on earth and live their daily lives with all due diligence!I stand for a different education: a different education where students will understand why we all breathe the same air, sleep and wake up each day in the same manner to continue the journey of life!I stand for a different education: a different education where students will learn with inspiration even in their desperations!I stand for a different education: a different education where teachers are seen as true epitome of education!I stand for a different education: a different education in which the value of the teacher is well understood and the teacher is well valued as a treasure!I stand for a different education: a different education where students will not just learn, but they will reproduce great and noble things with what they learn!I stand for a different education: a different education where students will understand the real meaning of integrity and responsibility and with true courage and humility be that as such!I stand for a different education: a different education where education means creativity!Education is the spine of every nation! The better the education, the better the nation! The mediocre the education, the mediocre the nation! A good nation is good because of how education has shaped the perspective and understanding of the populace! A nation that does not know where it is heading towards must ask the machine that produces the populace who drive the nation: education! Until we fix our education, we shall always have a wrong education and we shall always see a wrong nation!
Shepherd Hoodwin, Journey of Your Soul: A Channel Explores the Michael Teachings|Jesus incarnated when our Western civilization was changing from being predominantly baby soul to predominantly young. We are now in a similar transition, from young to mature.
Bernard Cornwell, Sharpe's Triumph|A sad, plangent music. In the British camp, Sharpe thought, they would be singing, but no one was singing here.
Aristotle, The Nicomachean Ethics|It is important to have a dream, but a dream is absolutely nothing until you start to consistently give life to it through strategic actions.
Cristina Rayne, Claimed by the Elven King: The Complete Edition|My face was burning so hotly that I imagined flames were consuming my cheeks. Yet, somehow I managed a shaky smile and a murmured, “We were interrupted…” His enormous cock slid into my slick passage once again, stretching my delicate tissues to the brink of what I could comfortably handle,
Melissa de la Cruz, The Van Alen Legacy|If I look upon my whole life, I cannot think of another time when I felt more comfortable: when I had no worries, fears, or desires, when my life seemed as soft and lovely as lying inside a cocoon of rose silk.
S. Bear Bergman, Butch Is a Noun|Nature is gendered, but not sexist.
Ian Serraillier|I sometimes think the Pussy-Willows greyAre Angel Kittens who have lost their way,And every Bulrush on the river bankA Cat-Tail from some lovely Cat astray.
Heather Wolf, Kipnuk Visits Sea Isle|Sometimes it can be really rough, but I believe if we love one another more, we can help to share the burdens and make the world a better place.
Lynn Davies|I'm quite into fitness, and I have a fantastic personal trainer who knows me, knows my body, knows when to push me, and knows when not to push me. She doesn't make me do 20 burpees in a row and instead focuses on strengthening my core, telling me we need to focus on making me into 'a tall giraffe'!
Yesenia Barkley|Approaching the state of Delaware, the dreamer is a small dog, dreaming impatiently of a past life, long forgotten, when he sailed tall ships across uncharted. The salt spray of the ocean stings my face.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Keep trying, your success is certain.
Ikechukwu Izuakor|We explore to experience, we eat to live and we hate to love
Airicka Phoenix, Touching Fire|Everyone has known this condition of mind, though perhaps not all in the same degree; everyone will recognise it as the condition in which he has done brave things with apparent serenity; and everyone reading will say, Fortunate for Ben Hur if the folly which now catches him is but a friendly harlequin with whistle and pointed cap, and not some Violence with a pointed sword pitiless.
Anne Tyler|the most shocking thing when people pray for heaven, from the one and only heaven....!
Jim Carroll|Knock! knock!who's there?me!me who?that's right?what's right?meehoo!that's what I want to know!what's what you want to know?me who?yes, exactly!exactly what?yes, I have exactlywatt on a chain!exactly what on a chain?yes!yes what?no, exactlywatt!that's what I want to know!I told you-exactlywatt!exactly what?yes!yes what?yes it's with me.what's with you?exactlywatt-that's what with me.me who?yes!go away!knock knock...
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Soared Over Fairyland and Cut the Moon in Two|you have to have the right sort of stone. Peridot for mothers, girasol for lovers, sapphire for sadness, and garnet for joy.
Mitch Albom, The Five People You Meet in Heaven|Usually when people are sad, they don't do anything. They just cry over their condition. But when they get angry, they bring about a change.
Jeanne McElvaney|Our story is the raft we ride in our ocean of life. We cling to it even while we might lament our story because it feels safer to be on the raft than swimming in the currents of possibilities. When you are ready for change, jump off the raft and swim with a different story.
Ken Poirot|I close my eyes, hoping to lose myself in the darkness but strangely, all I see are colors. How’s that even possible? I'm going blind from my arousal.
Lemony Snicket, The Reptile Room|The way I saw it, one of the single greatest advantages of being in a relationship was that you got to eat off the other person's plate.
Debasish Mridha|With love, give up better for the best and without a rest.
Debasish Mridha|When you dream with optimism and trust, it becomes a reality fast.
Pythagoras|Smiling is very important. If we are not able to smile, then the world will not have peace. It is not by going out for a demonstration against nuclear missiles that we can bring about peace. It is with our capacity of smiling, breathing, and being peace that we can make peace.
Nina Jean Slack, Once Lost, Forever Found|If ever you feel lost, terrified, alone, emotionally and physically drained...when you feel like depression has overpowered you, and that the world itself, has devoured you...just remember that you are not alone, you are loved, you are a beautiful story waiting to be told.” -Nina Jean Slack, Once Lost, Forever Found (Vol. #1)
Vinnie Jones|I'm not about to talk about what's romantic in my life - I figure if you talk about it once, then that's an open invitation for everyone to dig into your personal life even further. So, I just keep my private life to myself.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón|Refusing the false securities of a stable and linear past, such an approach celebrates heterogeneous sensations and surprising associations, random connections, the ongoing construction of meaning and also admits into its orbit the mysterious agency of artifacts, space and non-humans from the past.
Michelle Dockery|I'm from a nice, suburban, middle-class family, but my tattoos remind me where I've been.
Noel Hunter|Dissociation is numbness and nothingness; it is a feeling of being lost; it is floating on a cloud that threatens to suffocate; it is automatic speech and action without awareness or control; it is looking at the world and blinking to try to remove the blurry fog; it is hearing and seeing the immediate world and simultaneously feeling very far away; it is raw fear; it is unfamiliarity in familiar places; it is possession; it is being haunted everyday by unknown monsters that can be felt but not seen (at least not by others); it is looking in the mirror and not knowing who is looking back; it is fantasy and imagination; and, above all else, it is survival. Dissociation is all of these things and none of them at once.
Bede Griffiths|Atheism and agnosticism signify the rejection of certain images and concepts of God or of truth, which are historically conditioned and therefore inadequate. Atheism is a challenge to religion to purifiy its images and concepts and come nearer to the truth of divine mystery.
David Wong, This Book Is Full of Spiders: Seriously, Dude, Don't Touch It|Like chocolate, she craved sleep and it made her life brighter, but she could do without.
Neale Donald Walsch|To those who do not love God, all things must work together immediately for pain and torment, until, by means of the tribulation, they are led to salvation at last.
Barry Babcock, TEACHERS IN THE FOREST: Essays from the last wilderness in Mississippi Headwaters Country|While I lingered about the old village and the lake, with the water lapping on the shore and the wind whispering in the big pines, I felt for a moment that I was back in time among the Ojibwe families going about their business.
Terry A. O'Neal|A "positive, open consciousness" means looking at something as it is, without coating it in your own ideas or emotions and, furthermore, looking for hope and potential I in it. Thus, when you consciousness is open, you can communicate easily with another person and accept positively that person's actions or suggestions. An open person fundamentally has respect for all life. Additionally, that person readily accesses cosmic information, because the door of their consciousness is open and they are able to receive needed ideas and inspiration easily This leads to new creation.
Joe Moore|The cyberspace earnings I get from Linux come in the format of having a Network of people that know me and trust me, and that I can depend on in return.
Rebecca Chastain, A Fistful of Fire|Bubble gum on a turd, Madison! You’re a tutti-frutti enforcer. I am a warden. Trust me, I know what I’m doing.
Wally Lamb|A person at peace can immediately recognize a consciousness in crisis, whereas those in crisis cannot fully understand themselves or others.
Robert  Burton, The Anatomy of Melancholy|I am not poor, I am not rich; nihil est, nihil deest, I have little, I want nothing: all my treasure is in Minerva’s tower...I live still a collegiate student...and lead a monastic life, ipse mihi theatrum [sufficient entertainment to myself], sequestered from those tumults and troubles of the world...aulae vanitatem, fori ambitionem, ridere mecum soleo [I laugh to myself at the vanities of the court, the intrigues of public life], I laugh at all.
Michael  Grant, Light (Gone Series, #6) Chapter Twenty-Seven | 1 Hour, 29 Minutes|I realized, when I saw the forest burning, how fascinating the firelight is. It's beautiful, and people stare at it, don't they? It destroys and kills people, but humans love it. Is it because they crave their own destruction, Sam? I want to understand your kind. I am going out into the wider world, and I must learn.
Krishnamurti|... it must be a complete harmonious whole that is attentive. That is attention. Does the mind attend with such complete attention to the activity of the monkey? - not condemning it, not saying 'This is right or wrong', just watching the tricks of the monkey. In this watching there is no analysis...The moment it analyses one of the fragments, the monkey is in operation.
Elizabeth George, The Heart of a Woman Who Prays: Drawing Near to the God Who Loves You|Out of the will of God, there is no such thing as success, in the will of God there cannot be any failure.
Dani Alexander, Shattered Glass|Ain't nothing going to eat you while Bubba's around." Caleb laughed. "They might toy with him for a bit but he won't let any past." Caleb to Nick."Is something wrong?" Nick to Bubba"Nah... I just..." Bubba nervous."Please, God, Bubba, tell me you're not about to ask me out, are you?" Nick to Bubba.Bubba made a rude sound at him. "Hell, nah. I'd date Mark first, provided he took a bath so I wouldn't have to fumigate my truck or store.""But," Bubba continued, "now that you mention it... that is what I wanted to ask you about.""Dating Mark? Really?" Nick to Bubba.'Cause the kid with a brand-new license was such an expert on going out with others.
Anatole France, The Revolt of the Angels|For the majority of people, though they do not know what to do with this life, long for another that shall have no end.
Andrea Heltsley, Dancing with Death|We have so long been subject to external criticism that we don’t know how to react to internal criticism, because whereas the most enduring, positive and sensible response to the former is a united front – you shall not divide us, here we stand – responding to the latter is an entirely different ballgame.This is my fear: that as a community, we don’t know how to critique ourselves, and that this is dong us damage. Criticism, and specifically the criticism of both literary publications and the mainstream press, has so long been the weapon of the enemy that our first response on seeing it wielded internally is to call it the work of traitors. We have found strength in the creation of our own conventions and the hallowing of our own legends, flourishing to such an extent that, even if we are not yet accepted into the mainstream literary establishment, we are nonetheless part of the cultural mainstream. We are written about inaccurately, yet we are written about; and if there ever was a time when the whole genre seemed a precarious, faddish endeavour, then that time is surely past.Blog post: Criticism in SFF and YA
Debasish Mridha|If you wholeheartedly expect success, it will happen.
Laurie Elizabeth Flynn, Firsts|The hardest thing to do at times is to put our problems in the right perspective. Every problem may not exactly be a bad problem; some problems are solutions to bigger problems. Like solving a puzzle-it is advised we don't get used to guessing; if you don't have a clue, just ask for help and move up the next level.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Don’t judge a tree by its size, but by its fruit.
Debasish Mridha|Love is the most likable, invisible fashion of life that you can wear with passion.
Shane Snow, Smartcuts: How Hackers, Innovators, and Icons Accelerate Success|Maybe the best things are those that take the most work, you know? Maybe how you get somewhere can be at least as important as where you're going.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Though [Jesus’] words were profound, they were plain. His words were weighty, yet they shone with a luster and simplicity of statement that staggered His enemies.
Brie Larson|I really love learning about animals. I pull from a deck of spirit animal cards. You pull one, and it's about 50 or 60 different animals, and then that day you read whichever animal you pull. And it kind of gives you insight.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Bread We Eat in Dreams|Getting up early and feeling awake was the one skill he had never truly perfected - he got up, of course, but it never felt natural.
William Shakespeare, The Merry Wives of Windsor|Rumor had it that he was homosexual; in reality, in recent years, he was simply a garden-variety alcoholic.
M.F. Moonzajer, A moment with God ; Poetry|I never believed that angels exist, until I met you.
Sunday Adelaja|Remember! If during the day a person didn’t do anything concerning his purpose and calling, he did nothing at all
Brian Francis, Natural Order|They're horrible little creatures. All snot and smelly feet and pestering questions.""Then why did you go into teaching?""It was either that or sit at home with Mother all day. I picked the lesser of two evils.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|Put the case that he lived in an atmosphere of evil, and that all he saw of children was their being generated in great numbers for certain destruction. Put the case that he often saw children solemnly tried at a criminal bar, where they were held up to be seen; put the case that he habitually knew of their being imprisoned, whipped, transported, neglected, cast out, qualified in all ways for the hangman, and growing up to be hanged. Put the case that pretty nigh all the children he saw in his daily business life he had reason to look upon as so much spawn, to develop into the fish that were to come to his net,––to be prosecuted, defended, forsworn, made orphans, bedevilled somehow.
Robert G. Ingersoll, Some Mistakes of Moses|You do not require a license to love someone; you don’t need to pass any complicated tests. Love does not have age limitations, rules, or restrictions. Love is our birthright—it is the one thing that all humans know how to do, the one thing we all deserve. You can’t force it or fake it. You can know someone for an entire lifetime, and not feel a drop of love for them. And you can know someone for a single day, and give your heart to them completely.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|GreenHollyWood is a stupid fat guy, saying (I will watch that and I will check that...) and in the end nothing there isn't progress why??To fat to move!(It's a black joke, do you get it?)
Marin Sorescu, Thirst of the Salt Mountain: Trilogy of Plays|Na ca mi-a slabit vederea. Te rogi atata timp sa ti se arate Dumnezeu si cand ai ajuns langa El, nu-L mai vezi.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Much of the world believes little or nothing. People are broad but shallow. Agnosticism, anxiety, emptiness, and meaninglessness have gripped much of the world—and even the church . . . By contrast, our Pilgrim forebears stand as shining examples of men who were narrow but deep, certain of what they believed, unswerving in their loyalty, and passionately dedicated to the God they trusted, and for whom they would willingly have died.
Marcus Samuelsson|And it was a great experience, you know, to travel the world and compete at a certain level. It teaches you discipline, focus, and certainly keeps you out of trouble.
Charles Darwin|...causing her eyes to bulge and her tongue to flick from behind her luscious lips, scaring away insects." — Amok 2015
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|The sailor does not pray for wind, he learns to sail.
Bob Beauprez|I have been supporting the European Union, but we are still a work in progress. We have to become more of a United States of Europe. We should talk about electing a president of the E.U., rather than having one selected from the heads of government.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|You’ve got forever, but that’s no time at all. You’ve got forever; and somehow you can’t do much with it. You’ve got forever; and it’s a mile wide and an inch deep and full of alligators.
Ryohgo Narita|If reality is as equally valuable as fiction, then you should just chalk up the parts of the past you don’t need to your imagination
Bryan Islip, Like an Angel Sings|This is how early age people heard music, not through their ears above the cacophony of modern life but directly from the universe into their souls.
Ben Marcus, The Flame Alphabet|As long as human beings speak different languages, the need for translation will continue.
Mary Beth Chapman, Choosing to SEE|If we keep our heads down, either out of defeat or loss or shame or tiredness... whatever the reason, we are going to miss the beautiful sun (and Son) that is right there in front of us, shining its warmth on our faces and our souls!
Rebecca Raisin, The Little Antique Shop under the Eiffel Tower|Some days, my life flashes before me in the blink of an eye, until I get to the scenes I wish I could change, and they play over again and again, until I can't see straight. Promise me though, you'll stop pouring every ounce of yourself into work. Save a part of your life for something else.
Kristen Heitzmann, The Rose Legacy|It is a fact that the human heart differs from all other species. While its function to the body is the same of all animals, its participation with human soul is both rhapsodic and fatal. -Rose
Terry Pratchett|I grew up listening in awe to stories of their wartime adventures. My granny, Joan, was a journalist and wrote amazing letters to my grandpa when he was a prisoner of war, while my nana, Mary, was a Land Girl, then a Wren. They were so independent, resilient and glamorous.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|More often than not, an inspirational or motivational speaker is someone who makes money from telling us that we can do all of the things that we can do … and pretty much all of the things that we cannot do.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|When my vision is numbed by apathy and narrowed by mediocrity, I can stand in the presence of great things and fail to see even the smallest of things.
Mary Ann Shaffer|I had a dream about you last night... in it, we wondered why dogs come in packs but you can't pack dogs.
Henri J.M. Nouwen, Bread for the Journey: A Daybook of Wisdom and Faith|Many voices ask for our attention. There is a voice that says, 'Prove that you are a good person.' Another voice says, 'You’d better be ashamed of yourself.' There also is a voice that says, 'Nobody really cares about you,' and one that says, 'Be sure to become successful, popular, and powerful.' But underneath all these often very noisy voices is a still, small voice that says, 'You are my Beloved, my favor rests on you.' That’s the voice we need most of all to hear. To hear that voice, however, requires special effort; it requires solitude, silence, and a strong determination to listen.That’s what prayer is. It is listening to the voice that calls us 'my Beloved'.
Nema Al-Araby|Make sure you don't carry the burden of the whole world on your shoulders, just in case someone needed them to cry.
Faraaz Kazi, Truly, Madly, Deeply|I inhale loneliness like it is the sweet smell of virgin earth conquered by fiery rain drops. Within me, I'm a thousand others.
Stephen Richards, Cosmic Ordering Guide|Forget the secrets of success, use Cosmic Ordering instead.
Andrew Lang, The Red Fairy Book|Why should I laugh?' asked the old man. 'Madness in youth is true wisdom. Go, young man, follow your dream, and if you do not find the happiness that you seek, at any rate you will have had the happiness of seeking it.
Louise Candlish, Before We Say Goodbye|Thinking there is something better out there in the world, something worth more than you already have- of all my mistakes,that was my biggest.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|To love and win is the best thing. To love and lose, the next best.
Joel Fuhrman|We struggle with eating healthily, obesity, and access to good nutrition for everyone. But we have a great opportunity to get on the right side of this battle by beginning to think differently about the way that we eat and the way that we approach food.
Larry McMurtry, Lonesome Dove|I like the feeling that anything, anything, could happen.
Namsoon Kang, Cosmopolitan Theology: Reconstituting Planetary Hospitality, Neighbor-Love, and Solidarity in an Uneven World|Who are theologians? What kind of self-identity could or should a theologian claim? Should a theologian be a defender or transmitter of Christian _tradition_? What if the _tradition_ itself carries a dark side, implicitly or explicitly, bounded by religious or cultural superiorism, ethnocentrism, homophobism, exclusive nationalism, sexism, racism, and so forth? What kind of _identity_ would then justify my rule as theologian? This question has been lingering in my mind throughout the time I have been working on cosmopolitan theology. it may sound simple, but for me the identity issue has been fundamental.
Frank Karsten, Beyond Democracy: Why democracy does not lead to solidarity, prosperity and liberty but to social conflict, runaway spending and a tyrannical government|Actually, in its essence, democracy is a totalitarian ideology, though not as extreme as Nazism, fascism or communism. In principle, no freedom is safe in a democracy, every aspect of the individual's life is potentially subject to government control. At the end of the day, the minority is completely at the mercy of the whims of the majority. Even if a democracy has a constitution limiting the powers of the government, this constitution too can be amended by the majority. The only fundamental right you have in a democracy, besides running for office, is the right to vote for a political party. With that solitary vote you hand over your independence and your freedom to the will of the majority.
Lynn Viehl, Her Ladyship's Curse|Showing up underdressed is as smart as standing in the marketplace and shouting you've become an agent for the crown.""I'd hang myself first. I hate being a female.""Well until you sprout a beard and cock there you are.
Kady Cross, The Girl in the Steel Corset|About Fuseli: "...the most original genius I know. Nothing but energy, profusion and calm! The wildness of the warrior—and the feeling of supreme sublimity! … His spirits are storm wind, his ministers flames of fire! He goes upon the wings of the wind. His laughter is the mockery of hell and his love—a deadly lightning-flash.
Hedy Lamarr|With any kind of sci-fi, the imagination continues, and the world exists, and you create that in your own mind, and it lives in you.
Baratunde R. Thurston|I hope Marcus (giggle) is there. Maybe he can defeat the evil Cullens with his mighty battle cry, "I can see relationships!!!
Ernest Cline, Ready Player One|I am almost dizzied by a sudden knowledge, as cold as snow down my spine; that I, too, will grow up one day like everyone else, and look back and miss the years gone by, and the things I could have done, should have done. And growing up is suddenly not something to be impatient for, not all jam and buns and doing as one pleases. It is precisely the opposite.
Carrie Butler, Strength|Rena?” I looked up as a figure emerged from the white void of snowfall. The snow dusted his broad shoulders as he took long, measured strides toward me, his black coat flapping in the wind. As he neared, I made out his startled features. “Wallace?” His gaze burned with indiscernible emotion. “Are you hugging the lamp post?
David Morrell, The Successful Novelist: A Lifetime of Lessons about Writing and Publishing|I'm afraid that surprise, shock, and regret is the fate of authors when they finally see themselves on the page.
Eraldo Banovac|Each child is a unique person, so raise your child taking this fact intoconsideration.
Jeannine Atkins, Borrowed Names: Poems About Laura Ingalls Wilder, Madam C.J. Walker, Marie Curie, and Their Daughters|Love's language is imprecise,fits more like mittens than gloves.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Dandelions: The Disappearance of Annabelle Fancher|In a world plagued with commonplace tragedies, only one thing exists that truly has the power to save lives, and that is love.
Annie Brewer, Choices|Do not be afraid. Look fear in the face and say, "fuck you" and move on.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|But the future must be met, however stern and iron it be. 
T.S. Eliot, The Love Song of J. Alfred Prufrock and Others|For I have known them all already, known them all—Have known the evenings, mornings, afternoons,I have measured out my life with coffee spoons.
Karl Lagerfeld|Being a justice. If you love law the way I do... you're given the job of a lifetime... you're permitted to address the most important legal questions of the country, and sometimes the world. And in doing so, you make a difference in people's lives.
John Rucyahana, The Bishop of Rwanda: Finding Forgiveness Amidst a Pile of Bones|There is a huge trapdoor waiting to open under anyone who is critical of so-called 'popular culture' or (to redefine this subject) anyone who is uneasy about the systematic, massified cretinization of the major media. If you denounce the excess coverage, you are yourself adding to the excess. If you show even a slight knowledge of the topic, you betray an interest in something that you wish to denounce as unimportant or irrelevant. Some writers try to have this both ways, by making their columns both 'relevant' and 'contemporary' while still manifesting their self-evident superiority. Thus—I paraphrase only slightly—'Even as we all obsess about Paris Hilton, the people of Darfur continue to die.' A pundit like (say) Bob Herbert would be utterly lost if he could not pull off such an apparently pleasing and brilliant 'irony.
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|He stepped to the window and pointed to the skyscrapers of the city. He said that we had to extinguish the lights of the world, and when we would see the lights of New York go out, we would know that our job was done.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Gytha Ogg, you wouldn’t be a witch if you couldn’t jump to conclusions, right?” Nanny nodded. “Oh, yes.” There was no shame in it. Sometimes there wasn’t time to do anything else but take a flying leap. Sometimes you had to trust to experience and intuition and general awareness and take a running jump. Nanny herself could clear quite a tall conclusion from a standing start.
|if you are still alive, your blessings are far from being over. Keep aiming higher and don't allow anyone or anything to steal your faith and hope.
Julie B.  Campbell, Finding Manda's Sunshine|Sure, Manda knew that the tree wasn’t actually dead. Mrs. Evans, her teacher, taught her that some trees lose their leaves in the wintertime making them look dead, when they were only sleeping.Sleeping or not, the big tree was dead to Manda.
Leon Trotsky|Umpires are necessary evils. That's just the nature of the beast. For years, people have looked on umpiring as a job they could get any postman to do.
David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest|I do things like get in a taxi and say, "The library, and step on it.
Robin Sacredfire|But when ﬁrst the two black dragons sprang out of the fog upon the small clerk, they had merely the eﬀect of all miracles – they changed the universe. He discovered the fact that all romantics know – that adventures happen on dull days, and not on sunny ones. When the cord of monotony is stretched most tight, it it breaks with a sound like song.
Diet Eman, Things We Couldn't Say|I had no real communication with anyone at the time, so I was totally dependent on God. And he never failed me.
Keisha Keenleyside, The Spirit Master|In the woods lay a bleeding angel in all her glory. Her arms posed gracefully above her head and her hair soaked in the mud, the blood and feces in which she lay. Dying, fading into the other realm, her form christened by the rain as though the trees had begun to weep upon her in sadness for the brutality she had endured. (The Children of Ankh series)
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Hence, the statement that the cost of living is different in different localities only means that the same individual cannot secure the same degree of satisfaction from the same stock of goods in different places.
Margaret Lazarus Dean, Leaving Orbit: Notes from the Last Days of American Spaceflight|A rainy day is a good day to be in bed with a good book - or with someone who has read one."T.K. Lukas
Abraham Isaac Kook, The Lights of Penitence, the Moral Principles, Lights of Holiness, Essays, Letters and Poems|Many times one is forced to descend to deep, dark regions, in order to find there the greatest, noblest and freest light.
Jim Butcher, Skin Game|Monster or not, he was risking his neck to save her.
Charles Caleb Colton|To write what is worth publishing, to find honest people to publish it, and get sensible people to read it, are the three great difficulties in being an author.
Larry Kahaner, AK-47: The Weapon that Changed the Face of War|As an outsider I was free to pick my own literary traditions, to build my own system of literary values.
Herbert Hoover|Exploring is one of my favorite things to do, but I don't really want to be in a tour group. I like doing it alone or with whomever I'm traveling with.
Amy Hennig|I must have cried myself out. The tears stopped falling and I breathed in through my nose. I stood up and looked down at my baby sister lying there. I kissed my fingertips and touched her forehead. "Goodbye, brat," I whispered. "Stop calling me brat."Caelyn's eyes opened. Her irises were blood red. She gave me an impish smile and bared her fangs. Little sisters suck...
Bjarke Ingels|When time and space and change converge, we find place. We arrive in Place when we resolve things. Place is peace of mind and understanding. Place is knowledge of self. Place is resolution.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|5 Tips for Mirroring Others1.	Body language. When they smile, you smile. When they lean back in their chair, you lean back in your chair. When they cross their legs or fold their arms, you do the same.2.	Vocabulary or specific words. Notice their language and the words they choose and use—their keywords, expressions, expletives, or phrases. 3.	Communication style. People receive, process, and deliver information in different ways. Notice whether someone is results driven or relaxed, emotional or pragmatic, talkative or observant. Recognizing their style will enable you to adapt your style to theirs to build rapport and improve communication.4.	Vocal style. a.	Speech rate—If they are talking fast, you talk fast. If they are talking slowly, you talk slowly. Consider rhythm, pace, and tempo. b.	Volume—If they are speaking quietly and softly, match their volume. c.	Tone—Mirror their emotion, tone, and pitch. You can even seek to mirror their grammar and dialect, as long as it is discreet and respectful.
Bryana Johnson, Having Decided To Stay|The ocean-blue bowl won’t refuse to bruise, won’t hold it back from the gaping earth-wounds.There will still come water, chill wind and happy goosebumps, and in the utmost corners of oaks, leaves laughing.
DeYmaz, Mark|Where cross-cultural engagement is concerned, token adjustments are no longer an option. To advance a credible message of God’s love for all people in an increasingly diverse society, we must move ourselves entirely as well as the churches we lead. We must adjust to a new reality.
Kayti Nika Raet, Niko|To those of you who are yet to plunge into the zygote pool and want to know what both plumbless horror and pure love feels like, have yourself a baby...
Matshona Dhliwayo|A diamond will never tell you how valuable it is; if you don't already know, you are not worthy of it.
Tamora Pierce, Bloodhound|Sadly for my wedding plans, I learned that Nestor is a bardash. I envy the men who enjoy his favors. He has always treated me with friendship which I now value more than my old romantic feelings.
Bamigboye Olurotimi|The hardest choices are made not once, but every turn.
Louise Penny, Still Life|Myrna could spend happy hours browsing bookcases. She felt if she could just get a good look at a person’s bookcase and their grocery cart, she’d pretty much know who they were.
Oliver Oliver Reed|For some, the left testicle is larger than the right one. For Chuck Norris, each testicle is larger than the other one.
Richard Rohr, Adam's Return: The Five Promises of Male Initiation|People always complain that they can't do this and they can't do that." "If we look at our lives and concentrate on things that we don't have or wish to have, that doesn't change the circumstances. The truth is that we have to focus on what we have and make the best out of it.
Georges Bataille, Guilty|Real comedy is not when you laugh at an idiot, it's when the idiot laughs at you.
Joseph Addison|Democracy, loudly upheld as a cure for much of the ailing world, has proved no guarantor of political wisdom, even if it remains the least bad form of government.
Anonymous|"So you want to become my son-in-law." "Not exactly. I just want to marry your daughter."
Emma J. Bell, The True You: Discover Your Own Way to Success and Happiness by Uncovering Your Authentic Self and Building Remarkable Relationships With Others|Kindness is contagious. When we are kind, then we inspire others to be kind.
Mary Jane Hathaway, Persuasion, Captain Wentworth and Cracklin' Cornbread|Her face crumpled and he felt her pain as if it was his own. He wanted to take it back, but just like that memory, it was always going to be there.	She worked to get control over her features, then said, “I’m sorry I didn’t defend you. I’m sorry I didn’t tell them you were my guest.”	Jem hadn’t thought he cared anymore, not really, but her words were tugging loose the hard, painful knot in his chest. “It’s okay.”	She shook her head. “It’s not. It wasn’t.”	He reached out and cupped her cheek in his hand. He didn’t know what else to say and all he wanted was to touch her skin, let her know that he wasn’t that boy anymore and that she wasn’t that girl.
Nikki Rowe|We grow up with such an idealistic view on how our life should be; love, friendships, a career or even the place we will live ~ only to age and realise none of it is what you expected & reality is a little disheartening, when you've reached that realisation; you have learnt the gift of all, any new beginning can start now and if you want anything bad enough you'll find the courage to pursue it with all you have. The past doesn't have to be the future, stop making it so.
Haruki Murakami, Sputnik Sweetheart|Sometimes I feel so- I don’t know - lonely. The kind of helpless feeling when everything you’re used to has been ripped away. Like there’s no more gravity, and I’m left to drift in outer space with no idea where I’m going’Like a little lost Sputnik?’I guess so.
Dante Alighieri, Paradiso|Open thy mind; take in what I explain and keep it there; because to understand is not to know, if thou dost not retain...
Andrew Murray, Absolute Surrender|If there is one thought with regard to the Church of Christ, which at times comes to me with overwhelming sorrow; if there is one thought in regard to my own life of which I am ashamed; if there is one thought of which I feel that the Church of Christ has not accepted it and not grasped it; if there is one thought which makes me pray to God: “Oh, teach us by Thy grace, new things”—it is the wonderful power that prayer is meant to have in the kingdom. [. . .] And that is the law of the kingdom—the King upon the throne, the servants upon the footstool.
Dwight D. Eisenhower|Since day one, since the first time I touched the pen, I wanted to be the best at what I do.
Abigail Breslin|Sunscreen is my number 1, 2, 3, 4, and 5 tip. I'm a fanatic, partially because I live in L.A. and have fair skin and freckles, and partially because of my kids. My mom always made me wear sunscreen and I'm trying to be that mom for them.
Grant Morrison, Supergods: What Masked Vigilantes, Miraculous Mutants, and a Sun God from Smallville Can Teach Us About Being Human|We tell our children they're trapped like rats on a doomed, bankrupt, gangster-haunted planet with dwindling resources, with nothing to look forward to but rising sea levels and imminent mass extinctions, then raise a disapproving eyebrow when, in response, they dress in black, cut themselves with razors, starve themselves, gorge themselves, or kill one another.
Leila Sales, Past Perfect|History doesn't intend to have some particular emotional value, or any particular moral. History doesn't have any intentions at all. It's just a never-ending web of events that can have pretty much any meaning at all. But we, in retrospect, make this web into a story that makes sense. We superimpose onto it a beginning, middle, and end. We decide who the main characters are, the good guys and the bad guys. We decide what the moral of the story is, and how everyone is supposed to feel about it.""But history is facts," I said. "It's not a matter of opinion.""To a certain extent," Dad granted. "The facts matter, to a certain extent. You can't create a story without some facts to base it on. But what 'really happened' doesn't matter. What matters is how we agree to remember it.
Anthony Liccione|The author distinguishes George Washington's leadership from that of another aristocratic general whose temperament was somewhat cold. Unlike him, Washington made the effort to at least appear to suffer with his troops.
Samuel Beckett, The Unnamable|I'm all these words, all these strangers, this dust of words, with no ground for their settling, no sky for their dispersing, coming together to say, fleeing one another to say, that I am they, all of them, those that merge, those that part, those that never meet, and nothing else, yes, something else, that I'm something quite different, a quite different thing, a wordless thing in an empty place, a hard shut dry cold black place, where nothing stirs, nothing speaks, and that I listen, and that I seek, like a caged beast born of caged beasts born of caged beasts born of caged beasts born in a cage and dead in a cage, born and then dead, born in a cage and then dead in a cage, in a word like a beast, in one of their words, like such a beast, and that I seek, like such a beast, with my little strength, such a beast, with nothing of its species left but fear and fury, no, the fury is past, nothing but fear, nothing of all its due but fear centupled, fear of its shadow, no, blind from birth, of sound then, if you like, we'll have that, one must have something, it's a pity, but there it is, fear of sound, fear of sounds, the sounds of beasts, the sounds of men, sounds in the daytime and sounds at night, that's enough, fear of sounds all sounds, more or less, more or less fear, all sounds, there's only one, continuous, day and night, what is it, it's steps coming and going, it's voices speaking for a moment, it's bodies groping their way, it's the air, it's things, it's the air among the things, that's enough, that I seek, like it, no, not like it, like me, in my own way, what am I saying, after my fashion, that I seek, what do I seek now, what it is, it must be that, it can only be that, what it is, what it can be, what what can be, what I seek, no, what I hear, I hear them, now it comes back to me, they say I seek what it is I hear, I hear them, now it comes back to me, what it can possibly be, and where it can possibly come from, since all is silent here, and the walls thick, and how I manage, without feeling an ear on me, or a head, or a body, or a soul, how I manage, to do what, how I manage, it's not clear, dear dear, you say it's not clear, something is wanting to make it clear, I'll seek, what is wanting, to make everything clear, I'm always seeking something, it's tiring in the end, and it's only the beginning.
Marty Rubin|...a little "appreciation" sometimes does quite as much good as all the conscientious "bringing up" in the world.
Anamika Mishra|When you succeed, everyone wants to be part of it; but when you fail everyone seems outsider.
Henry Kissinger|The gods do not need sacrifices, so what might one do to please them? Acquire wisdom, it seems to me, and do all the good in one's power to those humans who deserve it.
Lawrence Welk|For the last several years and culminating in six months in orbit next year, I've been training for my third space flight. This one is almost in a category completely different than the previous two, specifically to live in on the space station for six months, to command a space ship and to fly a new rocket ship.
Svetlana Alexievich, Voices from Chernobyl: The Oral History of a Nuclear Disaster|Oh build your ship of death, oh build it in time and build it lovingly, and put it between the hands of your soul.
Graham Greene|As scarce as truth is, the supply has always been in excess of the demand.
Harmony Korine|I missed out on everything. Sometimes on the street I see teenagers hanging out and going to the movies, going to concerts, and I get so jealous.
John le Carré, The Secret Pilgrim|If you believe everything you feel is an illusion then you’re delusional. Your emotion is part you. You’re made with it. Denying it and thinking it is all your mind, is denying your existence.
Earl Prevette, How to Turn Your Ability Into Cash|But you can't fault me on my footnotes. I've worked hard on them and they look pretty impressive. And almost all the sources I quote actually exist. I must confess, however, that the idea of putting footnotes in chapter 5, the autobiographical chapter, started out simply as a joke. Who but a biblical scholar would think of footnoting an autobiography? But the joke quickly got out of hand and become a significant part of that chapter. I plan someday to write a scholarly article consisting of a single sentence and a twenty-page footnote.
Wilford Woodruff|THE RELIABLE WAY OUT OF OBESITY IS VIA PERSONAL RESPONSIBILITY. This point has been lost on the hundreds of folks who have railed against my arguments for food addiction in periodicals, so I"m eager to make it here: No one but me put the food in my mouth. Even if I had grown up imprisoned in a crawl space under the basement stairs (I wasn't), even if tragedy has befallen me every 15 minutes since (it hasn't), I"m still responsible for what I eat. If my food is out of control (it was), then I'm responsible for finding, requesting, and accepting the help I need.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|Mama, you don’t understand. It’s all a matter of ideas, and God is just one idea I don’t acept. It’s not important. I am not going out and commit crimes or be immoral because I don’t believe in God. I don’t even think about it. It’s just that I get so tired of Him getting credit for all the things the human race achieves through its own stubborn effort. There simply is no God! There is only Man, and it’s he who makes miracles!
Scott Stabile|The more accepting I've become about all the pieces of myself—even the crazed, hysterical ones—the more relaxed I've become with who I am.And then one day you figure out how to be more peaceful with all of your hysteria, and suddenly you’re not as hysterical so often.
Jamie McGuire, Beautiful Disaster|Today i want to talk to you, and you don't have time. Tomorrow you would desperately want to talk to me and I won't be around
Ian Mcewan|Novelists get to say plenty in their massive tomes; rock singers only get four-minute songs with two verses and a chorus' worth of lyrics, and so there's a real pleasure in accessing the intelligence behind the music, even if it doesn't qualify as 'great literature.'
John Jay Chapman|In the last few years, the very idea of telling the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth is dredged up only as a final resort when the alternative options of deception, threat and bribery have all been exhausted.
Harriet Jacobs, Incidents in the Life of a Slave Girl|It may seem a simple pleasure to spoil our children with a treat of sugar, but that pleasure becomes a sin when the sugar was grown by human beings held in unspeakable misery.
Miles Anthony Smith, Why Leadership Sucks™ Volume 2: The Pain, Pitfalls, and Challenges of Servant Leadership Fundamentals|If you don't have paying customers, you have a hobby.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|It was not because I had a strong sense of the virtue of industry, but because Joe had a strong sense of the virtue of industry, that I worked with tolerable zeal against the grain.
Henry A. Wallace|Still another danger is represented by those who, paying lip service to democracy and the common welfare, in their insatiable greed for money and the power which money gives, do not hesitate surreptitiously to evade the laws designed to safeguard the public from monopolistic extortion.Their final objective toward which all their deceit is directed is to capture political power so that, using the power of the state and the power of the market simultaneously, they may keep the common man in eternal subjection.They claim to be super-patriots, but they would destroy every liberty guaranteed by the Constitution.They are patriotic in time of war because it is to their interest to be so, but in time of peace they follow power and the dollar wherever they may lead.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Good can exist without evil,but evil cannot exist without good.The former is eternal,the latter is temporal.
|Lately, I've become sort of a fatalist. Well, that was bound to happen.
Sarah Wendell, Beyond Heaving Bosoms: The Smart Bitches' Guide to Romance Novels|Anything written for an audience of mostly women by a community of mostly women is subversive, reflective of the current sexual, emotional, and political status, and actively embraces and undermines that status simultaneously.
David R. Ellis|Above all things let us never forget that mankind constitutes one great brotherhood; all born to encounter suffering and sorrow, and therefore bound to sympathize with each other.
Olaf Stapledon|And there I was, a woman who yearned so hard for the sky there had to be stars in my blood, yet I was stuck in Heliodor City, missing it all.
Peter S. Beagle, A Fine and Private Place|The tune was wailing and mournful, almost flagrantly so, and the total effect was of a heartbroken piccolo being parted forever from its bagpipe lover.
Fennel Hudson, Wild Carp - Fennel's Journal - No. 4|So you want me to track down a supernaturally fast sniper who can disappear into thin air, retrieve your maps, and do it so nobody finds out what I'm doing or why?''Exactly.'I sighed. 'I'll get the paperwork.
Tig Notaro|I don't think it's cool for people to say, 'You shouldn't reference God because I don't believe that, and I don't want to hear it.' Well, there's a lot of stuff I don't believe that I still gotta hear.
Aristotle, Nicomachean Ethics|The beauty of the soul shines out when a man bears with composure one heavy mischance after another, not because he does not feel them, but because he is a man of high and heroic temper.
Janette Rallison, My Fair Godmother|And wishes, truly wishes, that she could say the same herself. Because hurting herself would be so much easier.
Mary Roberts Rinehart, The Window at the White Cat|Her eyes filled. "He forgot my birthday, two weeks ago," she said. "It was the first one he had ever forgotten, in nineteen of them." Nineteen! Nineteen from thirty-five leaves sixteen!
Barbara Kingsolver, Animal, Vegetable, Miracle: A Year of Food Life|The most fundamental exercise is self-observation, which is the catalyst for inner change, it will give self-knowledge and a clear mind and perception. Without it, the attempt to reach enlightenment and awaken consciousness is destined to fail.
Pearl  Zhu, It Innovation: Reinvent It for the Digital Age|IT continues to grow in importance to organizations, both operationally and as a competitive advantage.
Janny Wurts, Initiate's Trial|Because you’ve survived, there is a next strategy.
Marlowe David H.|The living cell is the most complex system of its size known to mankind. Its host of specialized molecules, many found nowhere else but within living material, are themselves already enormously complex. They execute a dance of exquisite fidelity, orchestrated with breathtaking precision. Vastly more elaborate than the most complicated ballet, the dance of life encompasses countless molecular performers in synergetic coordination. Yet this is a dance with no sign of a choreographer. No intelligent supervisor, no mystic force, no conscious controlling agency swings the molecules into place at the right time, chooses the appropriate players, closes the links, uncouples the partners, moves them on. The dance of life is spontaneous, self-sustaining, and self-creating.
Thornton Wilder, The Bridge of San Luis Rey|If heaven really exists: then heaven is the job, hell is unemployment, while life is merely an interview.
Sarah McLachlan|Tom Cruise, he's a lot more famous than me.
Thomm Quackenbush|I think it simply comes down to fantasy being the language I speak. While I cannot get into epic sword and sorcery, I see the world as having the potential to be slightly off-kilter. I have run into people who do not quite seem human – though of course they are – and have been privy to coincidences that almost make me believe in magic. Fantasy is sometimes just asking yourself, “Well, what if you are wrong? What if the world doesn’t work the way you think? What would that mean?
Kim Edwards, The Memory Keeper's Daughter|She imagined herself as some sort of vessel to be filled up with love. But it wasn't like that. The love was within her all the time, and its only renewal came from giving it away.
John Grisham, The Testament|He who permits himself to tell a lie once, finds it much easier to do it the second time.
Martha Medeiros|He who becomes the slave of habit,who follows the same routes every day,who never changes pace,who does not risk and change the color of his clothes,who does not speak and does not experience,dies slowly.He or she who shuns passion,who prefers black on white,dotting ones "it’s" rather than a bundle of emotions, the kind that make your eyes glimmer,that turn a yawn into a smile,that make the heart pound in the face of mistakes and feelings,dies slowly.He or she who does not turn things topsy-turvy,who is unhappy at work,who does not risk certainty for uncertainty,to thus follow a dream,those who do not forego sound advice at least once in their lives,die slowly.He who does not travel, who does not read,who does not listen to music,who does not find grace in himself,she who does not find grace in herself,dies slowly.He who slowly destroys his own self-esteem,who does not allow himself to be helped,who spends days on end complaining about his own bad luck, about the rain that never stops,dies slowly.He or she who abandon a project before starting it, who fail to ask questions on subjects he doesn't know, he or she who don't reply when they are asked something they do know,die slowly.Let's try and avoid death in small doses,reminding oneself that being alive requires an effort far greater than the simple fact of breathing.Only a burning patience will leadto the attainment of a splendid happiness.
Ruth Ware|To be honest, and this is terrible to admit, I hardly read any teen mystery books at all.
Alice Hoffman, The Red Garden|I never met a man half so true as a dog. Treat a dog right, and he'll treat you right. He'll keep you company, be your friend, and never ask you no questions. Cats is different, but I never held that against 'em.
Mikl Paul, Dandelions That have Held your Breath|life is first boredom, then fear.whether or not we use it, it goes,and leaves what something hidden from us chose,and age, and then the only end of age.
Cornell Woolrich, The Fantastic Stories of Cornell Woolrich|Look, lady, I’m not going to bullshit you. I need to smoke enough crack cocaine to communicate with aliens. Give me all the money you got!
Darrell Calkins, Re:|True strength. There is no conflict with vulnerability or humility. Indeed, vulnerability and humility are essential here, and ultimately what makes strength true. One does not don the mask of strength in response to fear, which is a con, like those crazy small reptiles that stand up on their hind legs and spread useless wings to intimidate as a last resort. You stand there in self-respect for Christ’s sake and take it with some courage, responding in accordance with your honest values, taking sincere responsibility for them. Stand up for who you truly are, not the image you would like to sell, nor shrink to fit into the false harmony around you.
C.L. Wilson, Lady of Light and Shadows|I don't want you to go." She reached up to touch his face and pull him down to her. "I want this, Rain. I want you.
Mark Kirk|Since the time of Richard Nixon, there has been a strange lack of will in the media to identify the real cause for Americans' anger at politicians who fall, publicly and spectacularly.
Alain Badiou, In Praise of Love|I was born on a Thursday, hence the name. My brother was born on a Monday and they called him Anton--go figure. My mother was called Wednesday, but was born on a Sunday--I don't know why--and my father had no name at all--his identity and existence had been scrubbed by the ChronoGuard after he went rogue. To all intents and purposes he didn't exist at all. It didn't matter. He was always Dad to me...
Han Kang, The Vegetarian|As for women who were pretty, intelligent, strikingly sensual, the daughters of rich families—they would only have served to disrupt my carefully ordered existence
John Shelton Reed|I like food, like any other guy, but it is not the main thing in my life. I can do without it.
Mary Wollstonecraft Shelley, The Fortunes of Perkin Warbeck|...You are a little boy. You want the moon to drink from as a golden cup; and so, it is very likely that you will become a great man -- if only you remain a little child. All the world'sgreat have been little boys who wanted the moon; running and climbing, they sometimes catch a firefly. But if one grow to a man's mind, that mind must see that it cannot have the moon and would not want it if it could -- and so, it catches no fireflies.' [Merlin]
Nick Trout, Love Is the Best Medicine: What Two Dogs Taught One Veterinarian about Hope, Humility, and Everyday Miracles|There is no faith which has never yet been broken, except that of a truly faithful dog
José Saramago, Death with Interruptions|Whether we like it or not, the one justification for the existence of all religions is death, they need death as much as we need bread to eat.
Nicholas Sparks, The Rescue|Youth offers the promise of happiness, but life offers the realities of grief.
Peggy Kopman-Owens, A SUMMER ABROAD Mrs Duchensey's First Real Mystery|In Paris, the dance was everything. The dance of romance was what a man could remember in his old age. Didn’t all young Americans come to Europe in search of that kind of romance?
Dallas Palmer|Interestingly, do you know who is the most difficult person to love? It is easy to love friends and not too difficult to love those less fortunate than ourselves. It certainly isn't easy loving enemies, but sometimes the person most difficult to love is the one who is MORE fortunate than we are. The one who receives the promotion we deserved. The one who gets the recognition we desired, the honor we sought or the affections of the lover we had hoped to win. It is easy to resent those who seem to be more fortunate – those who “get all the breaks.
Kate Lebo, A Commonplace Book of Pie|The difference between superlative pie and a wish for cake is crust. Understand that pie is a generous but self-centered substance. It likes attention, not affection. Do not hug your crust. Do not rub its back or five its high. Don't fuss with refrigerators every step oft he way. Keep the water and butter cold, and remember what a wise baker once said: The goal is pie.
Nancy Gibbs|I support gay unions. I think the government should get out of the marriage business completely - leave marriages to the churches. And grant civil unions to gay couples, grant civil unions to a man and woman.
Ruthanna Emrys, Winter Tide|Their relationship must be all claws and blades: law and custom gave him a thousand types of power over {her}, while she had only the one, pointed firmly at his heart.
Abhijit Naskar, 7 Billion Gods: Humans Above All|It's about religious acceptance, it's no longer about religious tolerance.
Arthur Flowers|If your vision inspires others to see their dreams and your actions motivate them to realize it, then you are a leader.
Deana Martin, Memories Are Made of This: Dean Martin Through His Daughter's Eyes|Was he a good father?"To their surprise, I shake my head and smile. "No," I reply candidly. "He wasn't a good father, but he was a good man."Where Dad came from, that meant a great deal more.
Radin Erus|When stuck in middle of a choice, we always do what we must. Do things we think is right. We are actually never get stuck. We just love to feel stuck.
Randa Haines|If you saw a dog going to be crushed under a car, wouldn't you help him?
Adele Devine, Colour Coding for Learners with Autism: A Resource Book for Creating Meaning through Colour at Home and School|They tell me we're living in an information age, but none of it seems to be the information I need or brings me closer to what I want to know. In fact (I'm becoming more and more convinced) all this electronic wizardry only adds to our confusion, delivering inside scoops and verdicts about events that have hardly begun: a torrent of chatter moving at the speed of light, making it nearly impossible for any of the important things to be heard
Russ Carnahan|That's something I learned in art school. I studied graphic design in Germany, and my professor emphasized the responsibility that designers and illustrators have towards the people they create things for.
J.C. Lillis, A&B|Art doesn't depend on suffering. That's a crock. It's about discipline. Showing up to do the thing you do. It's about watching and listening to the world and telling the truth with your own voice. It's about learning from what other people make, whether it's good or bad. And the most important thing? It's about taking care of yourself. So you can keep making and finishing your shit, for as long as you can.
Barack Obama, Dreams from My Father: A Story of Race and Inheritance|I think before I act---and then think again. I am not entirely a coward, but I do not lose myself in action as you do.
Shawn Mendes|I know that I'm here because of the grace of God. But I also know that I've been given this second chance for a specific reason, and that is to bring love to the world again through the voice of my music, and I'm so honored to be able to do it. I'm so blessed that God has chosen me to do that.
Oliver Goldsmith, She Stoops to Conquer|Ask me no questions, and I'll tell you no fibs.
Donna Brazile|I know it's a cliche, but trust me on this. I once dated a Canadian. Canada = boring.
Joyce Carol Oates, The Accursed|Oh, you mean fairy gossip, Eric,” she giggled. “I get the picture,” she said fluttering her lacy wings. “Don’t look so sad, Eric. There isn’t a day that passes when your nosy beak doesn’t find its way into someone’s business. I’m sure you’ll find the best-ever story before
Samantha Shannon, The Song Rising|When you dream of change, it shines bright, like fire, and burns away all the rot that came before it. It's swift and inexorable. You cry for justice, and justice is done. The world stands with you in your fight. But if there was one thing I had learned in these last few weeks, it was that change had never been that simple. That kind of revolution existed only in daydreams.
Sean Connery|Cheap labor is a small part of the problem at work here. If it were only cheap labor, America would be in trouble. Because it's other things, too, we have a great chance to turn it around. Here's the problem: Our high corporate tax rate pushes our companies offshore. Our high regulatory burden pushes our companies offshore.
Deyth Banger|You are done with the past, but the past isn't done with you.
Stephen Richards, Ask and the Universe Will Provide: A Straightforward Guide to Manifesting Your Dreams|When you are able to identify what drives you, you will be better equipped to draw out your possible options and make the relevant decisions that will help you achieve your goals.
Srikumar Rao|When you are facing the wilderness on your own, you have a totally different attitude to someone who works in government or who has a monthly cheque.
Dan Wells, I Am Not A Serial Killer|This was it. This was what I had never felt before--an emotional connection to another human being. I'd tried kindness, I'd tried love, I'd tried friendship. I'd tried talking and sharing and watching, and nothing had ever worked until now. Until fear. I felt her fear in every inch of my body like an electric hum, and I was alive for the first time. I needed more right then or the craving would eat me alive.
Lisa Kessler, Legend of Love|Man..." He blew out an exasperated breath. "Do you push everyone away this hard, or is it just me?
Sebastian Thrun|I am happy to say that everyone that I have met in my life, I have gained something from them; be it negative or positive, it has enforced and reinforced my life in some aspect.
John Green|I thought you were her knight, but you have become only her woodsman--taking little girls into the forest to cut out their hearts.
Mark Kennedy|My understanding is that Kansas, Massachusetts, they've been more pioneers on the special education side.
Marcus Tullius Cicero|Like a good parent can't also be his child's best friend, a leader with authority requires some separation from subordinates.
Jonathan Maberry, Dust & Decay|Guilt and rage, hatred and fear were pathways to weakness and clumsy choices.
Darla Phelps, Daddy's Girl|I can’t rock you on my lap, if you’re not here.
Mary E. Pearson, The Kiss of Deception|Until one comes who is mightier,The one sprung from misery,The one who was weak,The one who was hunted,The one marked with claw and vine,The one named in secret,The one called Jezelia.
Kenneth Logan, True Letters from a Fictional Life|I could feel his hand on my waist, his arms around me, feel the rise and fall of his chest next to mine as I held my breath, and wished the sun would drop out of the sky.
John N. Gray|What's your name?""Emma Gould," she said. "What's yours?""Wanted.""By all the girls or just the law?
Euripides, Trojan women: The Trojan women by Euripedes, and Helen, and Orestes by Ritsos|That mortal is a fool who, prospering, thinks his life has any strong foundation; since our fortune's course of action is the reeling way a madman takes, and no one person is ever happy all the time.
Henry Cloud, Necessary Endings: The Employees, Businesses, and Relationships That All of Us Have to Give Up in Order to Move Forward|Page 99: "...unless something changes, the future that you can expect is more of the past. Sorry or becoming committed does not make Jim Carrey a great golfer, or made Jack nicklaus funny. Recommitment does not make a person who is unsuited for a particular position suited for it all of a sudden. Promises by someone who has a history of letting you down in a relationship mean nothing certain in terms of the future.
Deyth Banger|Upon my word, you five your opinion very decidedly for so young a person.
Rebecca Mader|If you can give your child only one gift, let it be enthusiasm.
Ray Bradbury|She is a writer, what the fuck do you expect from her other than passion, truth and goddam soul?
Liu Cixin|He stood on the ice, his teeth chattering in the cold, a cold that seemed to come not from the lake water or icy wind, but from a direct transmission from outer space.
Gary Busey|The past is a great place and I don't want to erase it or to regret it, but I don't want to be its prisoner either.
Dan Millman|We all face storms in life. Some are more difficult than others, but we all go through trials and tribulation. That's why we have the gift of faith.
Marcus Buckingham|The rationales for centralized, to-down decision making - control, direction, and compliance - melts away when individuals are tightly aligned with the company's values and goals, accountable for their actions, and self-regulated.
Corrie ten Boom, The Hiding Place: The Triumphant True Story of Corrie Ten Boom|And so seated next to my father in the train compartment, I suddenly asked, "Father, what is sexsin?"He turned to look at me, as he always did when answering a question, but to my surprise he said nothing. At last he stood up, lifted his traveling case off the floor and set it on the floor.Will you carry it off the train, Corrie?" he said.I stood up and tugged at it. It was crammed with the watches and spare parts he had purchased that morning.It's too heavy," I said.Yes," he said, "and it would be a pretty poor father who would ask his little girl to carry such a load. It's the same way, Corrie, with knowledge. Some knowledge is too heavy for children. When you are older and stronger, you can bear it. For now you must trust me to carry it for you.
Eric Corder, Slave|Life is fleeting," Samuel said. "A short leap, in the eye of the Eternal, from dust to dust. May you pass it together.
William Makepeace Thackeray, The Virginians Volume II|Here is a minute. It may be my love is dead, but here is a minute to kneel over the grave and pray by it.
Penny Reid, Neanderthal Seeks Human|When a man and woman are in love,some decisions and questions are answered in silence.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince|This was the kiss I had waited for so long - a kiss born by the river of our childhood, when we didn't yet know what love meant. A kiss that had been suspended in the air as we grew, that had traveled in the world in the souvenir of a medal, and that had remained hidden behind piles of books. A kiss that had been lost and now was found. In the moment of that kiss were years of searching, disillusionment and impossible dreams.
A. Lee Brock, Penny Willan and the Well: A Fairy Tale of Ode|Envy said, “Girl, I remember well,ye, who I flung from Hell,and not a day has passed, I haven’t missedthe loss of your soul that I mourned,I’ve been bereft and forlorn,for the sweet taste of your flesh I’ve yet to kiss.But no worries—bygones,that’s the past—long gone,I don’t hold a grudge, no, in no way.And though your family they did swindlemy joy of flaying ye on a spindle, I begrudge ye not a little, so let’s play.So, merely toss your token in my well,and all your dreams I will unveil,for ye alone, them I’ll grant.Come closer, little Penny,your hands I know are not empty,ye have something I dreadfully want.
Sara  Barnard, A Quiet Kind of Thunder|I decide this is just A Bad Day. We all get them, because grief doesn't care how many years it's been.
Julianna Baggott, Fuse|But she's still afraid that the more she misses him--his face, his skin, the way he looked at her--and the more hope she has that she'll see him again, the more she has to lose.
Aaron D'Este, Weapon of Choice|It wasn’t like that at all!” argued the Sleuth, looking around for support. “It was a heroic, selfless act of spectacular bravery! I should be worshipped like a god! Immortalised in song!” He struck a dramatic pose, “One man, alone and outnumbered, sacrificed himself for the greater good…”“Immortalised in song, eh?” chuckled Mick. “How about ‘ridiculed in nursery rhymes’?
Moosa Rahat|I believe that every story has happy end , Just don't stop trying to get it
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|O, that this too too solid flesh would meltThaw and resolve itself into a dew!Or that the Everlasting had not fix'dHis canon 'gainst self-slaughter! O God! God!How weary, stale, flat and unprofitable,Seem to me all the uses of this world!Fie on't! ah fie! 'tis an unweeded garden,That grows to seed; things rank and gross in naturePossess it merely. That it should come to this!But two months dead: nay, not so much, not two:So excellent a king; that was, to this,Hyperion to a satyr; so loving to my motherThat he might not beteem the winds of heavenVisit her face too roughly. Heaven and earth!Must I remember? why, she would hang on him,As if increase of appetite had grownBy what it fed on: and yet, within a month--Let me not think on't--Frailty, thy name is woman!--A little month, or ere those shoes were oldWith which she follow'd my poor father's body,Like Niobe, all tears:--why she, even she--O, God! a beast, that wants discourse of reason,Would have mourn'd longer--married with my uncle,My father's brother, but no more like my fatherThan I to Hercules: within a month:Ere yet the salt of most unrighteous tearsHad left the flushing in her galled eyes,She married. O, most wicked speed, to postWith such dexterity to incestuous sheets!It is not nor it cannot come to good:But break, my heart; for I must hold my tongue.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Watchwords|You can’t lead people to where you’ve not been yourself. When you all get stranded, you need the knowledge of someone who knows the way!
John Stuart Mill|I believe in spectacles, but I think eyes necessary too.
Sunday Adelaja|Through positive civil actions, the church can influence the society.
Patricia B. McConnell, For the Love of a Dog: Understanding Emotion in You and Your Best Friend|Kinship with all creatures of the earth, sky, and water was a real and active principle. In the animal and bird world there existed a brotherly feeling that kept us safe among them... The animals had rights - the right of man's protection, the right to live, the right to multiply, the right to freedom, and the right to man's indebtedness. This concept of life and its relations filled us with the joy and mystery of living; it gave us reverence for all life; it made a place for all things in the scheme of existence with equal importance to all.
Kerry Patterson, Crucial Confrontations: Tools for Resolving Broken Promises, Violated Expectations, and Bad Behavior|Every time we decide to use our power to influence others, particularly if we`re gleeful and hasty, we damage the relationship. We move from enjoying a healthy partnership based on trust and mutual respect to establishing a police state that requires constant monitoring.
Akenfield: Portrait of an English Village|I have seen young boys in this village get married. They think it all bed, poor fellows. I see it quite different to this. I’m in no hurry at all. I must work. I mustn’t be worried or distracted. Not yet. I couldn’t spend time on my work if I was married.
Norman Geisler|At school, up to the age of sixteen, I found history boring, for we were studying the Industrial Revolution, which was all about Acts, Trade Unions and the factory system, and I wanted to know about people, because it is people who make history.
Trevor Lease|If two people who love each other Ares soul mates, then there will always be a empty hole in my soul waiting for you..
Bear Grylls|An Asian way of eating and living may help prevent and even reverse the progression of coronary heart disease, diabetes, hypertension, obesity, prostate cancer and breast cancer. Incorporate more fruits, vegetables, whole grains, legumes, soy products and fish in your diet. Eat at home more with your family and friends.
Manish Upadhyay|Sometimes up sometimes down,Treat well life whatever comes around
M. B Antevasin|On a good day, my style is librarian chic. On a bad day, it's frumpy mother.
Donna Leon, Death at La Fenice|Though everyone in the bar knew who he was, no one asked him about the death, though one old man did rustle his newspaper suggestively.
Amie Kaufman, Illuminae|Numbers do not feel. Do not bleed or weep or hope. They do not know bravery or sacrifice. Love and allegiance. At the very apex of callousness, you will find only ones and zeros.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Compassion, not castigation is the way to help a person become better.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|Think clearly here—desire does not produce fun, but yearning does. To identify the transition point between these two, look at desire as accumulating or consuming, and yearning as letting go of or giving. You don’t collect truth or love, for example, you give them, and in the giving they come into being. And you have fun. Real fun, guilt-free fun, resentment-free fun, doubt-free fun; you experience and become the questions you engage—discipline and strength, imagination, independence, fearlessness, trust and freedom, knowledge, truth.
Anne Frank|A voice within me is sobbing, "You see that's what's become of you. You're surrounded by negative opinions, dismayed looks and mocking faces, people who dislike you, and all because you don't listen to the advice of your own better half." Believe me, I'd like to listen, but it doesn't work, because if I'm quiet and serious, everyone thinks I'm putting on a new act and I have to save myself with a joke, and then I'm not even talking about my own family, who assume I must be sick, stuff me with aspirins and setatives, feel my neck and forehead to see if I have a temperature, ask about my bowel movements and berate me for being in a bad mood, until I just can't keep it up anymore, because when everybody starts hovering over me, I get cross, then sad, an finally end up turning my heart inside out, the bad part on the outside and the good part on the inside, and keep trying to find a way to become what I'd like to be and what I could be if . . . if only there were no other people in the world.Yours, Anne M. Frank.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|[Angels] guide, comfort, and provide for the people of God in the midst of suffering and persecution.
Ashton Kutcher|[T.J.] Without thinking, I held them out to her. She stopped laughing, and looked at me like she wasn't quite sure what I meant. I waited, and she leaned toward me and opened her mouth. I slid my fingers inside, wondering if my eyes were as big as hers. When she sucked the breadfruit off, my breathing got all messed up."More?"She nodded, just barely, and her breathing didn't sound right either. I scooped up some breadfruit and this time, when I put my fingers in her mouth, she put her hand on my wrist. I waited for her to swallow and then I lost my shit completely. I grabbed her face with both hands, and I kissed her, hard. She opened her mouth and I slipped my tongue inside. I could have kissed her for days, and if she told me to stop I wasn't sure I'd be able to.
Debasish Mridha|Nothing is true, nothing is real except love and our perception of love.
Kailin Gow, Silver Frost|Remorse has no place in a warrior's mind... A war is like a game of chess, Nicholaa. Every battle is like a well-thought-out move on the board. Once it begins, there shouldn't be any emotion involved whatsoever.
Eloise Jarvis McGraw|My princess," began Mara, then found she could not speak the crushing phrases. "His Highness sends his warmest regards," she finished.She had the satisfaction of seeing Ianni's face come back to life; the great dark eyes lost their look of suffering and turned hopefully toward the king. Mara turned to him too, well-pleased with her merciful little lie. But one look at his startled face froze the blood in her veins. What a fool she was! Of course, he had understood every word she said. "Son of Pharaoh, live forever!" she gasped. "I crave pardon-- I could not believe you meant to wound this princess, however lowly--""You mean you forgot that I could understand," retorted Thutmose.
Chris Matakas, My Mastery: Continued Education Through Jiu Jitsu|Being part of the whole, as I grow so does that which contains me.
Brené Brown, The Gifts of Imperfection: Let Go of Who You Think You're Supposed to Be and Embrace Who You Are|Practicing self-love means learning how to trust ourselves, to treat ourselves with respect, and to be kind and affectionate toward ourselves. This is a tall order give how hard most of us are on ourselves. I know I can talk to myself in ways that I would never consider talking to another person. How many of us are quick to think, "God, I am so stupid" and "Man, I'm such an Idiot."? Just like calling someone we love stupid or an idiot would be incongruent with practicing love, talking like that to ourselves takes a serious toll on our self-love
Steven Pinker, The Blank Slate: The Modern Denial of Human Nature|When people have different ideas about which of these four modes of interacting applies to a current relationship, the result can range from blank incomprehension to acute discomfort or outright hostility. Think abut a dinner guest offering to pay the host for her meal, a person barking an order to a friend, or an employee helping himself to a shrimp off the boss' plate. Misunderstandings in which one person thinks of a transaction in terms of Equality Matching and another thinks in terms of Market Pricing are even more pervasive and can be even more dangerous. They tap into very different psychologies, one of them intuitive and universal, the other rarefied and learned, and clashes between them have been common in economic history.
Mars Hill, The Moaner's Bench: A Novel|Cookies don't make us fat. They're not to blame for our obesity epidemic. You know what else isn't to blame? Fast food, chips, candy, technology, soda, or anything else. The choices we make over a prolonged period time determine the width of our backsides and size of our pants. No one food, company, or activity is responsible for our obesity epidemic.
Helen Oyeyemi, Mr. Fox|Young men ... learn practical skills that set is in good stead for lives as the husbands of wealthy and educated women: Strong Handshakes, Silence, Rudimentary Car Mechanics, How to Mow the Lawn, Explosive Displays of Authority, Sport and Nutrition Against Impotance.
Aberjhani, I Made My Boy Out of Poetry|Just above our terror, the stars painted this storyin perfect silver calligraphy. And our souls, too oftenabused by ignorance, covered our eyes with mercy.
Scott Bakula|Making movies was more a reaction to not being chosen for sports. Other kids were out there playing at whatever; I was off making something blow up and filming it, or making a mould of my sister's head using alginating plaster.
Donna Tartt, The Secret History|By March, the worst of the winter would be over. The snow would thaw, the rivers begin to run and the world would wake into itself again.Not that year.Winter hung in there, like an invalid refusing to die. Day after grey day the ice stayed hard; the world remained unfriendly and cold.
Irina Lopatina|From the beginning, I did not intend to create a typical classic fantasy. I wanted an organic, harmonious world where my story could evolve. If this world needed gnomes, I put them in there. As for drevalyankas, pikshas, bolugs and other totally original creatures, they appeared there somehow by themselves in the course of events, and then just began "to get under the feet of the main heroes"...
Mehmet Murat ildan|It is only where the light and shadow meet, we can see the beauty of both the light and the shadow!
Molly Harper, Nice Girls Don't Have Fangs|Embroidery?" I sucked at embroidery. Aunt Hyacinth had tried to teach me, but we'd both given it up as a lost cause.Lucy, strangely, had picked it up really quickly and embroidered a tapestry of Johnny Depp as Jack Sparrow for my last birthday.
Jessica Sorensen, The Coincidence of Callie & Kayden|I can do pain. That’s the easy part of life. It’s everything else, happiness, laughter, love, that’s fucking complicated.
Michael Pollan|Understand, when you eat meat, that something did die. You have an obligation to value it - not just the sirloin but also all those wonderful tough little bits.
Aishah Madadiy, Bits of Heaven|Let the young soul survey its own life with a view of the following question: ‘What have you truly loved thus far? What has ever uplifted your soul, what has dominated and delighted it at the same time?
Jalina Mhyana, The Wishing Bones|With each kiss in the cold house  we swallow clouds of breath – exhaled spirit, speech bubbles  we’d rather lick away  than fill with words. We run naked from room to room,  keeping the walls warm.  Our bodies blur through the halls  of your house, its winter circulation.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|Cyber bullying occurs online daily. Most don't consider their actions or words to be bullying. Here's a few clues that you're a cyber bully.(1) You post information about someone in order to ruin their character.(2) You post threats to someone.(3) You tag someone in vulgar degrading posts.(4) You post any information intended to harm or shame another individual seeking to gain attention.Then, you are a cyber bully and need to get some help.
Gillian Flynn, Gone Girl|Smartphones are tools which fools fiddle with when they are around people that they don’t have the courage, or, the intellect, to converse with.
Julia Ward Howe|There is no true love save in suffering, and in this world we have to choose either love, which is suffering, or happiness. Man is the more man - that is, the more divine - the greater his capacity for suffering, or rather, for anguish.
Henrietta Newton Martin|The law does not come wrapped in a tidy, clearly labeled package. Discerning what the law is requires gathering bits and pieces from a variety of sources, sorting them according to their relative weights and relevance... and combining them into as cohesive an analysis as possible.”Christina Kunz, popular legal writer
Richard Brookhiser, Founders' Son: A Life of Abraham Lincoln|It really was amazing, thought Mindy, the way modern electronics made it so easy to ignore those people who were physically so close.
David Lynch|Leftists wage the war on Christmas using their traditional methods - government fiat and the court system. They never win voting, and they certainly don't win in the free market, so they bravely fight their battles through big government.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|We are to pray in times of adversity, lest we become faithless and unbelieving. We are to pray in times of prosperity, lest we become boastful and proud. We are to pray in times of danger, lest we become fearful and doubting. We need to pray in times of security, lest we become self-sufficient.
Mike Klepper|Do not open your minds to the filtering of the fallacious doctrine that it is less infamous to murder men for their politics than for their religion or their money, or that the courage to execute the deed is worse than the cowardice to excuse it. Let us not flinch from condemning without respite or remission, not only Marat and Carrier, but also Barnave. Because there may be hanging matter in the lives of illustrious men, of William the Silent and Farnese, of Cromwell and Napoleon, we are not to be turned from justice towards the actions, and still more the thoughts, of those whom we are about to study.
Eloisa James|the balance of power between the sexes had been destabilized, and relations between mothers and their children transformed from a natural and accepted one to a mere option.
Gift Gugu Mona|Poverty should first be addressed in the mind because even if you give millions to a poor person, until there's a change of mindset, they will still remain the same.
Chloe Neill, Friday Night Bites|The door opens and my new neighbor is a vampire. He’s nearly a foot taller than me. Unruly ink-black hair, and a face made of knife angles. If I were obnoxious, I might use the term shockingly attractive . Or terrifyingly handsome . Holy mother of balls would also be an option.
Steven Pinker, How the Mind Works|There is nothing wrong with you... Life isn't supposed to be easy... It is designed to be challenging so that you will grow into a more conscious, loving human being.
Mark Zandi|I had a brilliant drama teacher while I was at Roland Park: Ann Mainolfi. But the school was mostly rich in academics. It wasn't like I was prepping myself for a life in acting. There, you prepped yourself to have a stable future. The school's piece de resistance is college prep - it didn't teach you how to audition for a TV show.
honeya|Terror and rapture to Emily Dickinson are alternative words for "transport".
Philip K. Dick, The Dark-Haired Girl|Two there shall be; no more, no less. One to embody the dark side, the other to crave it.
Saigyō, Mirror for the Moon|In Buddhism there is one word for mind & heart: chitta. Chitta refers not just to thoughts and emotions in the narrow sense of arising from the brain, but also to the whole range of consciousness, vast & unimpeded.
Sunday Adelaja|This mountain must come down, the mountain of ignorance has to be brought down
Peter T. King|And if the imam and the Muslim leadership in that community is so intent on building bridges, then they should voluntarily move the mosque away from ground zero and move it whether it's uptown or somewhere else, but move it away from that area, the same as the pope directed the Carmelite nuns to move a convent away from Auschwitz.
John Irving, In One Person|Now to exert oneself and work for the sake of amusement seems silly and utterly childish. But to amuse oneself in order that one may exert oneself, as Anacharsis puts it, seems right; for amusement is a sort of relaxation, and we need relaxation because we cannot work continuously. Relaxation, then, is not an end; for it is taken for the sake of activity.
Miranda Liasson|He was making up a story, and she was buying into his bullshit. That was a recipe for disaster
Thomas Pynchon, Slow Learner: Early Stories|But as we all know, rock ‘n’ roll will never die, and education too, as Henry Adams always sez, keeps going on forever.
Nikki Rowe|When you fall so many times, you become the master of flight.
Maggie Stiefvater, Lament: The Faerie Queen's Deception|When did you get so smart?"He tapped his forehead. "Brain transplant. They put in a whale's. I'm passing all my classes with my eyes closed now, but I just can't get over this craving for krill." He shrugged. "And I feel sorry for the whale that got my brain. Probably swimming around Florida now trying to catch glimpses of girls in bikinis.
Erik Pevernagie|When ideas evaporate, when shapes fade and forms lose their integrity, our imagination can create an outlandish setting and convert everything into a hazy, misty Turner landscape. ("Back garden of a dream")
Charlotte Brontë, The Professor|When you write a manuscript, it feels like being in a relationship with someone. You'll hate it, get bored with it, be pissed of, like you just want to break up. But, just like any relationship, you will fall in love again and again, like you don't want to lose it.
Alison Singh Gee, Where the Peacocks Sing: A Palace, a Prince, and the Search for Home|In India, we have a saying: 'Always look down, never look up," he said. "When you are trying to determine where you stand in life, don't look upward at the rich people, the people with everything. Look downward at the people who have nothing, those begging on the street, those living in the slums. There's no end to looking up and feeling badly. And if you try to spit upward it only falls down upon your own face. Only by looking down do you understand your dharma.
Selena Gómez|Say something Becks. Say anything""You," I said. "I remember you." I kept my eyes shut, and felt his hands drop. He didn't move back."What do you remember about me?" There was strong emotion behind his voice. Something he fought to control.With my eyes closed, I could easily picture the other side of the century."I remember the way your hand could cover my entire shoulder. The way your lower lip stuck out when you were working out a problem in your head. And how you flick your ring finger with your thumb when you get impatient."I opened my eyes, and the words no longer got stuck in my throat on their way out. They flowed. "And when something surprises you and you don't know what to say, you get a tiny wrinkle in between your eyebrows." I reached up to touch the divot, then hesitated and lowered my hand. "It showed on the day the coach told you you'd made first-string quarterback. And it's showing now." For a moment the space between us held no tension, no questions, no accusations.Finally he leaned back, a stunned expression on his face. "Where do we go from here?""Nowhere, really," I whispered. "It doesn't change anything.
Deeanne Gist, A Bride Most Begrudging|She hated Mr. Meanie. But she'd gotten to know him and they'd reached an understanding of sorts. Now she was to have him for supper."Don't tell me you're feeling guilty?"Breaking off a piece of the wing, she brought it to her lips and took a bite. It did taste good. Very good."I wonder if all grouchy males are this palatable."Drew choked.She looked up, tilting her head. "Are you all right?"He turned a dull red. "Eat your supper, Connie.
Bette Davis|For NASA, space is still a high priority.
Kamand Kojouri|Here's another poem,like all others before and after,dedicated to you.There isn't anything left to be saidbut I will spend my lifetrying to put you into words.You who is every goodness,every optimismand hope.Your love is a better fate for methan anything I could wish for.If you are a part of me, then you’re the best part.And if you're separate from me, then you are my destination.But I’ve become a weary traveller,so please,let us never be apart.
Anthony Browne|To resist the frigidity of old age, one must combine the body, the mind, and the heart. And to keep these in parallel vigor one must exercise, study, and love.
Stephen Richards|Dreams are never too big, you will grow into them.
Scott Derrickson|If Reagan had intelligence information that showed that the upheaval in Egypt is actually Democratic in spirit, then he would have, I believe, turned his back on Mubarak, even though there's a long friendship between the United States and Egypt.
Ellen Willis|I know, but if I feel this bad for Gramps, how am I going to feel when it’s Dad?” Tyler told me. “You’ll feel even worse, of course, but you’ll carry on, because happiness has a way of creeping in again. It really does,” I said.
Emily Brontë, Wuthering Heights|This story is about love, which means that it is also about hate.
Ice T|If you think about computing, there isn't just one way to compute, just like there's not just one way to move around. You can have shoes, you can have a car, you can have a bicycle, submarine, rocket, plane, train, glider, whatever. Because you have one doesn't mean you get rid of another one... But PCs continue to be important.
Nikola Ivanovski|We can't know if we laugh at ourselves for being silly or to forget that we're not and that we are still here only by a sufferance that can be no more predicted than appeased. Like most things, probably a little of both.
Hayley Williams|The attitude of independence toward a constructed language which all national speakers must adopt is really a great advantage, because it tends to make man see himself as the master of language instead of its obedient servant.
John Edwards|In the Lord's Prayer, Jesus assumes that asking for forgiveness would be a daily occurrence, as would praying that we might be delivered from evil and led not into temptation.
Derek Jarman|I am a rare species, not a stereotype.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|The stories I read, strengthen my spirit in any situation.
K.A. Cross, Life on the Rocks|Loves are like empires: when the idea they are founded on crumbles, they too, fade away.
Cam Newton|I've only ever trusted my gut on everything. I don't trust my head, I don't trust my heart, I trust my gut.
Andrew Vachss|Family' is not just a biological word, it's an an operative one.
Roger Von Oech, A Whack on the Side of the Head: How You Can Be More Creative|It's difficult to get your creative juices flowing if you're always being practical, following rules, afraid to make mistakes, not looking into outside areas, or under the influence of any of the other mental locks.
William Shakespeare|Young men think old men are fools, but old men know young men are fools.
Angela Y. Davis|Yeah, I write Urban Fantasy, but its more like Die Hard or Indiana Jones with Fairies, Mummies and a Vampire who uses guns more than his teeth.
Michael Ben Zehabe, The Meaning of Hebrew Letters: A Hebrew Language Program for Christians|We should expect nothing less from the language that was originally given by God, to His human family. Hebrew was the method that God chose for mankind to speak to Him, and Him to them. Adam spoke Hebrew—and your Bible confirms this. Everyone who got off the ark spoke one language—Hebrew. Even Abraham spoke Hebrew. Where did Abraham learn to speak Hebrew? Abraham was descended from Noah’s son, Shem. (Ge 11:10-26) Shem’s household was not affected by the later confusion of languages, at Babel. (Ge 11:5-9) To the contrary, Shem was blessed while the rest of Babel was cursed. (Ge 9:26) That is how Abraham retained Hebrew, despite residing in Babylon.So, Shem’s language can be traced back to Adam. (Ge 11:1) And, Shem (Noah’s son) was still alive when Jacob and Esau was 30 years of age. Obviously, Hebrew (the original language) was clearly spoken by Jacob’s sons. (Ge 14:13)
M. Scott Peck, A World Waiting to Be Born: Civility Rediscovered|As my son Frankie put it, Humanism has changed the Twenty-third Psalm: They began - I am my shepherd. Then - Sheep are my shepherd. Then - Everything is my shepherd. Finally - Nothing is my shepherd.
Steve-O|I've always loved scuba diving and the cell-tickling feel of being underwater, though it poses unique frustrations. Alone, but with others, you may share the same sights and feelings, but you can't communicate well.
T. K. Decker|Fear and confession for the fear ofunknown,business mind to fulfill greeds and unsatisfaction, limitedknowledge makes the religion
Jasmine Angell, Luminous|Unbelievable,” Gavin said. “There’s a whole legion of magical beings living on Earth and only Aquarians know about them.”“We come in peace,” Ilauria said, surprised at her attempt at levity.A wide grin replaced his serious expression. “Lucky for us.
David V. Gaggin|When the urge to knock on a door strikes, it's your soul's desire for forward movement. So knock!
Julie Otsuka, The Buddha in the Attic|I can't understand how she could have wanted to live back here, away from everything," said Jane. "Oh, I can easily understand that," said Anne thoughtfully. "I wouldn't want it myself for a steady thing because, although I love the fields and woods, I love people too...
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|It has been long since thinking humanity has learnt that love is a majestic creation of the brain, yet that knowledge hasn’t made love be deemed any less glorious. Then why should it threaten the religious believer to learn that divinity as well is a natural creation of the brain!
Marsha Norman|Dystopian novels help people process their fears about what the future might look like; further, they usually show that there is always hope, even in the bleakest future.
Angela Duckworth|My mother wanted to be an actress. She wanted to follow her dreams, and she never really got a chance to do that. I feel like I'm following her dream in a way.
Jerry Saltz|If people are taking pictures of me at Starbucks, it's not the end of the world. It's cool, it's fun, it's exciting.
Harold Bloom|You can read merely to pass the time, or you can read with an overt urgency, but eventually you will read against the clock.
Lizzie Armitstead|If the government announced that it was going to allocate a vast tranche of education funding purely to the pupils at the best public schools, there would be a national outcry - and yet this is precisely what the Olympics represents in terms of sports funding.
Haruki Murakami, Hear the Wind Sing|If you look at the world today, lies are mainstream. Truth is a fringe phenomenon.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|Deep down, the young are lonelier than the old.' I read that in a book somewhere and it's stuck in my head. Maybe it's true. Maybe it's not true. More likely, the young and the old are lonely in different ways, in their own ways...
Eric Lowitt, The Collaboration Economy: How to Meet Business, Social, and Environmental Needs and Gain Competitive Advantage|Leadership must come from all of us -- the private, public, and civil sectors.
Matt Haig, The Humans|The first rule of marriage: solve the mystery, end the love.
William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet|Zu früh, befürcht ich; denn mein Herz erbangtUnd ahnet ein Verhängnis, welches, nochVerborgen in den Sternen, heute NachtBei dieser Lustbarkeit den furchtbarn ZeitlaufBeginnen und das Ziel des läst'gen Lebens,Das meine Brust verschließt, mir kürzen wirdDurch irgendeinen Frevel frühen Todes.Doch er, der mir zur Fahrt das Steuer lenkt,Richt' auch mein Segel!I fear, too early. For my mind misgivesSome consequence, yet hanging in the stars,Shall bitterly begin his fearful dateWith this night's revels, and expire the termOf a despisèd life, closed in my breast,By some vile forfeit of untimely death.But He that hath the steerage of my courseDirect my sail!Romeo: Act I, Scene 4
Bob Marley|Don't Gain The World & Lose Your Soul, Wisdom Is Better Than Silver Or Gold.
Karl R. Popper|The difficulties connected with my criterion of demarcation (D) are important, but must not be exaggerated. It is vague, since it is a methodological rule, and since the demarcation between science and nonscience is vague. But it is more than sharp enough to make a distinction between many physical theories on the one hand, and metaphysical theories, such as psychoanalysis, or Marxism (in its present form), on the other. This is, of course, one of my main theses; and nobody who has not understood it can be said to have understood my theory.The situation with Marxism is, incidentally, very different from that with psychoanalysis. Marxism was once a scientific theory: it predicted that capitalism would lead to increasing misery and, through a more or less mild revolution, to socialism; it predicted that this would happen first in the technically highest developed countries; and it predicted that the technical evolution of the 'means of production' would lead to social, political, and ideological developments, rather than the other way round.But the (so-called) socialist revolution came first in one of the technically backward countries. And instead of the means of production producing a new ideology, it was Lenin's and Stalin's ideology that Russia must push forward with its industrialization ('Socialism is dictatorship of the proletariat plus electrification') which promoted the new development of the means of production.Thus one might say that Marxism was once a science, but one which was refuted by some of the facts which happened to clash with its predictions (I have here mentioned just a few of these facts).However, Marxism is no longer a science; for it broke the methodological rule that we must accept falsification, and it immunized itself against the most blatant refutations of its predictions. Ever since then, it can be described only as nonscience—as a metaphysical dream, if you like, married to a cruel reality.Psychoanalysis is a very different case. It is an interesting psychological metaphysics (and no doubt there is some truth in it, as there is so often in metaphysical ideas), but it never was a science. There may be lots of people who are Freudian or Adlerian cases: Freud himself was clearly a Freudian case, and Adler an Adlerian case. But what prevents their theories from being scientific in the sense here described is, very simply, that they do not exclude any physically possible human behaviour. Whatever anybody may do is, in principle, explicable in Freudian or Adlerian terms. (Adler's break with Freud was more Adlerian than Freudian, but Freud never looked on it as a refutation of his theory.)The point is very clear. Neither Freud nor Adler excludes any particular person's acting in any particular way, whatever the outward circumstances. Whether a man sacrificed his life to rescue a drowning, child (a case of sublimation) or whether he murdered the child by drowning him (a case of repression) could not possibly be predicted or excluded by Freud's theory; the theory was compatible with everything that could happen—even without any special immunization treatment.Thus while Marxism became non-scientific by its adoption of an immunizing strategy, psychoanalysis was immune to start with, and remained so. In contrast, most physical theories are pretty free of immunizing tactics and highly falsifiable to start with. As a rule, they exclude an infinity of conceivable possibilities.
Myles Munroe|All those who are around me are the bridge to my success, so they are all important.
Kim Barnouin|I learned to dream through reading, learned to create dreams through writing, and learned to develop dreamers through teaching. I shall always be a dreamer. Come dream with me.
Tammy-Louise Wilkins, My Intimate Poetry|What's the difference?" You ask meThe difference is, a smile touches my lipsWhen I remember both the memory of you entering my lifeAnd the memory of you leaving my life
Dhyana Stanley, The Human Experience Is the Dance of Heaven and Earth: A Call Home to Peace|Being born into this world involves taking on a conditioned view of identity - for a while at least. We are all conditioned from a very young age to believe that we are separate and incomplete, and that if we could only just get something additional then we will somehow become whole.
Jodi Lynn Anderson, Midnight at the Electric|He cupped his hand around her cheek, and she marveled at how perfectly his palm fit her cheek. His fingers in her hair, she waited, maybe for an eternity, for his lips to meet hers. When they did it was like being inside an exploding star. Time and space became irrelevant. She slipped her arms under his, clinging to him, his body the only thing stopping her from drifting away, untethered in space. His hand on her back slipped under layers of clothes, finding her skin. He pulled her close, and she leaned into him, feeling like she could never be close enough to him.
Alex Rosa, Tryst|Use your good common sense. Is anger useful? If you get angry at someone, the result is good neither for you nor for the other person. Nothing helpful comes of it. In the end, anger does not harm others; it hurts yourself.
حجة الإسلام أبو حامد محمد الغزالي|In an age that valued prolonged and detailed exposition, complexity, and repetition it was astonishing that Luther should have instinctively discerned the value of brevity.
Michel Faber, The Book of Strange New Things|A badge (police badge) isnt a hallmark of impunity, its a trademark of justice!
Geoffrey Hill, Canaan|We are to point saints to look to Christ, and then to deny themselves and follow Christ, obeying Christ above all else. Not pointing them to ourselves, nor following us, nor obeying us. Our ministry has got to be about them following our Lord Jesus Christ.
Roman Reigns|I come from a place where everything about me, even my body language, is saying: I mean you no harm. I smile, I laugh. Basic stuff for most people.
John dos Passos|You can't stay young forever. Being young is a privilege. God knows, how many of them in their death bed wished to be young again and they regretted all the things they should have and should not have done.
Mirriam Neal, Paper Crowns|The mole dug its way deep, deep down, under the foundations of the wall. No magical alarm sounded, though I did hit my head five times on a pebble.Once each on five different pebbles. Not the same pebble five times. Just want to make that clear. Sometimes you human beings are so dense.
Wendy Owens, The Guardians Crown Part One|Michael staggered to his feet and turned to face his worst nightmare. Baal stood before him, a smirk on his face. He wore his signature grey, pinstripe, three-piece suit, and casually twisted his pinky ring on his long and slender well-manicured finger. As it rotated Michael caught a glimpse of the rubies in the skull’s eye sockets. His black hair was slicked back, the sight of his false appearance made Michael sick to his stomach.
Charles R. Swindoll|The crisis of physical hunger is essentially a crisis of faith. What or whom will you trust to meet your most basic needs? Will you trust the God who made human bodies, or will you seek your own way? (Deuteronomy 8:1-3)
Emily Dickinson, Selected Poems|Wild Nights – Wild Nights!Were I with theeWild Nights should beOur luxury!Futile – the winds –To a heart in port –Done with the compass –Done with the chart!Rowing in Eden –Ah, the sea!Might I moor – Tonight –In thee!
Adi Alsaid|The thing with thoughts is that they die, like everything else. But almost everything else leaves a trace behind, even if it's a tiny carcass, some proof that it existed. Unless thoughts are spoken or written or sung or acted upon, there's no evidence that they were ever there.
Evan Minton, Inference To The One True God: Why I Believe In Jesus Instead Of Other Gods|Not everyone rejects Christianity solely on the basis of intellectual doubts. Some people reject it simply because they don’t want it to be true, so they purposefully talk themselves out of believing it.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|When I look inside myself, I find I am to blame,For everything that I've done wrong,And said others were to blame.
Elizabeth Morgan, Cranberry Blood|Here's what vampires shouldn't be: pallid detectives that drink Bloody Marys and work only at night; lovelorn southern gentlemen; anorexic teenage girls; boy-toys with big dewy eyes. What should they be? Killers, honey. Stone killers that can't get enough of that tasty Type-A. Bad boys and girls. Hunters. In other words, Midnight America. Red, white and blue, accent on the red. Those vamps got hijacked by a lot of soft-focus ro
Ha-Joon Chang|We have a real role in how our own collective lives, our nation, and our world and society turn out. Seizing those opportunities is important, and disasters are sometimes one of those opportunities.
Heidi Belleau, Apple Polisher|Once they were both naked and pressed together again, with Christian’s mouth on one of Max’s nipples and Max’s hands on Christian’s inner thighs, Christian was struck by how intense it was, how urgent and powerful and deep this wanting went. All his life he was raised to believe—wanted to believe—that desire was a superficial thing, something you worked through and, if you were disciplined and moral, ultimately put aside in favour of deeper, more important pursuits.
Karina Halle, Love, in English|Well, go on then, Abby; run along and let the nice man compromise you.
Victor Robert Lee, Performance Anomalies|In my country, when we think about the future, we shake.
Christian Humberg, 50 Years of the Lego Brick [With 6 Legos]|He had no ability to give up. It wasn’t that he didn’t want to quit, he couldn’t. It wasn’t in him. It never had been.
Margaret Way, A Lesson in Loving|The nicest men in the world were horribly cruel. They took no great pleasure from it, it was just part of being a male, with a perpetual deep gulf between the sexes.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without godliness, we are unable to see God.
Tibor Kalman|The trial by jury is a trial by 'the country,' in contradistinction to a trial by the government. The jurors are drawn by lot from the mass of the people, for the very purpose of having all classes of minds and feelings, that prevail among the people at large, represented in the jury.
Robert Frost|You do know, right,that between the no-longer & the still-to-comeyou are being continuallytattooed, inkedwith the skulls ofeveryoneyou’ve ever loved—the you& the you& the you & the you—you don’tsit in a chair, thumbthrough a binder, pick adesign, it simplyhappens each time youbring your fingers to your faceto inhale him back into you . . .tiny skulls, some of us arecovered. You, love, couldsimply tattoo an opendoor, lightpouring in from somewhereoutside, youcould make your body a doorso it appears you(let her fill you) are madeof light.
Lynda Barry|In rough times, pathfinders rely on work, friends, humor and prayer. They develop a support network.
Patti Feuereisen, Invisible Girls: The Truth About Sexual Abuse--A Book for Teen Girls, Young Women, and Everyone Who Cares About Them|At the time I was being molested, I thought I was the only one. My father controlled everything in our house and he always said that what was happening to me was natural and that I should accommodate him. Even though I have to look back sometimes, I am moving forward. And even though it's painful for me to face my mother's complacency, doing so has helped me understand that it wasn't my fault. If I could have read something at the time about sex abuse, if people had talked openly about, I could have been saved so many years of guilt and shame and secrecy. Each time I talk about my incest, I get rid of some of that shame and guilt. Each person I share with, no matter what their response, takes another piece of the pain away.
Willow Madison|As a writer, you don't just write for the ears, you also write for the eyes.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, N for Nigger: Aphorisms for Grown Children and Childish Grown-ups|I have heard the most fantastical gossip about myself and each time I thought, "If only my life were that exciting, fun, outrageous, and sexy". Then again my memory wasn't so sharp when I took drugs. Some of what was said about me might be true. At worst it gave me jerk-off material.
Lenny Breau|I’ll always be a student, because I think of music as never ending.
Sarah Dessen, The Truth About Forever|I'd been through so much, falling short again and again, and only recently had found a place where who I was, right now, was enough.
Yay Padua-Olmedo, Now That You're Boss: Timely and Timeless Lessons for New (& Seasoned) Leaders|Father God, we thank You for Your Marvelous, Creation! We are Fearfully and Wonderfully made. We give You praise, honor and glory!
|Your goals and dreams have already caused you a lot pain, and the worst thing that you could do is to let all the sufferings go to waste. By all means make it count with a victorious story.
Debasish Mridha|Consciousness is basic while thoughts are supreme. Speeches are nothing but the expression of thoughts and feelings. If there is no consciousness, nothing else could be there. At the same time, all forms of consciousness will not give the abilities to think and express thoughts.
Mike Pence|The people of Nicaragua were suffering oppression. This made us develop an awareness which eventually led us to commit ourselves to the struggle against the domination of the capitalists of our country in collusion with the U.S. government, i.e. imperialism.
Junot Díaz, The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao|Her laughter was a shiny thing, like pewter flung high in the air.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Men constantly miscalculate what they can do in a day, and grossly underestimate what can be achieved in a year.
Hadas Moosazadeh, Tora-Bora Mountains|Just untrustworthy persons can be invisible, not because of their willingness seemingly to be confidential, but because of their fear to be identified. A reliable person wouldn't disappear and wouldn't be invisible. To be invisible is a feature and principle of spies, otherwise, you cannot put on them the stamp of spies.
Kaui Hart Hemmings, The Descendants|My phone is on my bed, whispering in my ear like a bottle of scotch to a recovering alcoholic, while the rain continues cackling at me through my window.
Frank Lloyd Wright|Ministers should not pray so loud, and long, as to exhaust the strength. It is not necessary to weary the throat and lungs in prayer. God's ear is ever open to hear the heart-felt petitions of his humble servants, and he does not require them to wear out the organs of speech in addressing him.
George Pólya|Mathematics is the cheapest science. Unlike physics or chemistry, it does not require any expensive equipment. All one needs for mathematics is a pencil and paper.
Joel Osteen|Manners are a sensitive awareness of the feelings of others. If you have that awareness, you have good manners, no matter what fork you use.
Joan Lowery Nixon, A Dangerous Promise|Stories start in all sorts of places. Where they begin often tells the reader of what to expect as they progress. Castles often lead to dragons, country estates to deeds of deepest love (or of hate), and ambiguously presented settings usually lead to equally as ambiguous characters and plot, leaving a reader with an ambiguous feeling of disappointment. That's one of the worst kinds.
Robert Frost, The Poetry of Robert Frost|I could give all to Time except -- exceptWhat I myself have held. But why declareThe things forbidden that while the Customs sleptI have crossed to Safety with? For I am There,And what I would not part with I have kept.
L.M. Montgomery, Anne's House of Dreams|I do wish," said Lucy, "now that we're not thirsty, we could go on feeling as not-hungry as we did when we were thirsty.
Suzanne Finnamore, Split: A Memoir of Divorce|Soon he was online every night until one or two a.m. Often he would wake up at three of four a.m. and go back online. He would shut down the computer screen when I walked in. In the past, he used to take the laptop to bed with him and we would both be on our laptops, hips touching. He stopped doing that, slipping off to his office instead and closing the door even when A was asleep. He started closing doors behind him. I was steeped in denial, but my body knew.
Kady Hunt, Perfect|I had to let someone know who I was: not merely Simon's assistant, his chronicler, his poor scribbling friend, but the great love of a great life. That I may have lived in his shadow, but I was always by his side. That I was as needful to him as air.
Zygmunt Bauman|My mother was determined to make us independent. When I was four years old, she stopped the car a few miles from our house and made me find my own way home across the fields. I got hopelessly lost.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|After all, what is education, if not the unparalleled means to transcend the self- imposed physical limits of the mind and the body.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|She made me her everything. She didn’t realize then that when you make someone your everything, when they are gone you have nothing left. I have since learned that our Master sends us soul mates who teach us to depend on them and then we come to believe we cannot live without them. Then He takes them away to prove to us that we can indeed live without them, but also to prove that we cannot live without Him.
Pope Benedict XVI|The individualism of the Romantic theory of interpretation attempts to abstract the individual from his historical context by presenting him with the ideal of presuppositionless understanding; a truer theory of interpretation, which does not seek to elide the historical reality of the one seeking understanding, sets the interpreter himself within tradition. What we understand when we seek to understand the writings of the past is borne to us by tradition. Understanding is an engagement with tradition, not an attempt to escape from it.
Condoleezza Rice|Someone heroic and valiant, not merely skilled in speech; someone who is kind and pure in heart. Someone who does not play with white roses that belong to others.
Umberto Eco, The Name of the Rose|In the years when I discoverd the Abbé Vallet volume, there was a widespread conviction that one should write only out of a commitment to the present, in order to change the world. Now, after ten years or more, the man of letters (restored to his loftiest dignity) can happily write out of pure love of writing.
Debasish Mridha|How people treat you is not very important but how you react to it, is very important.
Sue Grafton, B is for Burglar|I’ve always been a sort of self-imposed outsider, not a geeky outsider or a snobby outsider but, I just have a natural desire to live on the fringe. I’m not like a weirdo with a trench-coat but I just prefer to be alone or minimally surrounded by people.
Barbara Ehrenreich, Bright-Sided: How the Relentless Promotion of Positive Thinking Has Undermined America|Happiness, after all, is generally measured as reported satisfaction with one's life - a state of mind perhaps more accessible to those who are affluent, who conform to social norms, who suppress judgment in the service of faith, and who are not overly bothered by societal injustice...The real conservatism of positive psychology lies in its attachment to the status quo, with all its inequalities and abuses of power. Positive psychologists' tests of happiness and well-being, for example, rest heavily on measures of personal contentment with things as they are.
Thomas Ligotti, Grimscribe: His Lives and Works|The worst fear of the race yes, the world suddenly transformed into a senseless nightmare, horrible dissolution of things. Nothing compares, even oblivion is a sweet dream. You understand why, of course. Why this peculiar threat. These brooding psyches, all the busy minds everywhere. I hear them buzzing like flies in the blackness. I see them as glow worms flitting in the blackness. They are struggling, straining every second to keep the sky above them, to keep the sun in the sky, to keep the dead in the earth-to keep all things, so to speak, where they belong. What an undertaking! What a crushing task! Is it any wonder that they are all tempted by a universal vice, that in some dark street of the mind a single voice whispers to one and all, softly hissing, and says: 'Lay down your burden.' Then thoughts begin to drift, a mystical magnetism pulls them this way and that, faces start to change, shadows speak... sooner or later the sky comes down, melting like wax. But as you know, everything has not yet been lost: absolute terror has proved its security against this fate. Is it any wonder that these beings carry on the struggle at whatever cost?
Idries Shah, The Elephant in the Dark|From imperial, economic and ideological causes, many cultures are the inheritors, and hence the prisoners, of attitudes of scorn and disdain for other faiths – outlooks which are not ennobling to anyone.
Vita Sackville-West, All Passion Spent|She found herself suddenly surrounded by a host of assumptions. It was assumed that she trembled for joy in his presence, languished in his absence, existed solely (but humbly) for the furtherance of his ambitions, and thought him the most remarkable man alive, as she herself was the most favoured of women, a belief in which everybody was fondly prepared to indulge her. Such was the unanimity of these assumptions that she was almost persuaded into believing them true.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|I had become Harry Potter. Except I was thirteen and not magic, and my destiny, whatever it was, held no profound purpose.
C. JoyBell C.|I think that there are those who write of life being a skip on the sidewalk, a chocolate bar, a bowl of cherries... the problem with that is it ends up disappointing people. Because life is more like being on the tube in London; you never really know what could happen! But then there are those people who bring a box of chocolates to eat on the tube...so life, it isn't a skip on the sidewalk, but it is a matter of strength: "Can I bring my bowl of cherries to feast on while I stand here in the gutter?" that's the essence of life. Can you still put on your rose-colored glasses while your eyes are filled with tears, and see everything in rosy colors? That's the strength that fuels a true life. Can you think to bring your little box of chocolates with you while you sit on the tube running under the streets of London? Because you should. Because even if you don't know anybody, and you don't know what's gonna happen next, you should have your box of chocolates with you. You should eat your bowl of cherries. And that is what life is.
Fela Durotoye|You have something important to add, so you interrupt an exciting conversation already in progress just to let us know you have nothing to contribute to the discussion. Umm....”— Troy Ragland
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|You see, I, unlike you, have been made a prefect, which means that I, unlike you, have the power to hand out punishments.”“Yeah,” said Harry, “but you, unlike me, are a git.
Chris Bohjalian, The Guest Room|...this was why men fell in love with strippers and escorts: it wasn't the licentiousness, the dissembling, their craven willingness to do whatever you wanted. It was the way they would, out of the blue, surprise you with the psychic ability to know what you needed.
|There's no such things as survival of the fittest. Survival of the most adequate, maybe. It doesn't matter whether a solution's optimal. All that matters is whether it beats the alternative.
Kyoko Yoshida|No, I am not imagining a book-burning, warmongering, anti-intellectual fascist regime – in my plan, there is no place for re ghters who light up the Homers and Lady Murasakis and Cao Xueqins stashed under your bed – because, for starters, I’m not banning literature per se. I’m banning the reading of literature. Purchasing and collecting books and other forms of literature remains perfectly legitimate as long as you don’t peruse the literature at hand.
Santosh Kalwar, I Am Dead Man Alive|From the mind which thinks to die, let my soul sleep tonight.
John Barnes, Raise the Gipper!|That Reagan shaped mechanical gadget in the metal box that made you jump like a little sissy boy, Joe, that is the heart and soul of what the flag’n’Jebus crowd is scared of so bad they can’t even think about him existing.” He looked at Joe, waiting for an aha! that didn’t come. “That whole wing of modern conservatism lives for, on, about, with, in, and by the idea that everything is happening via supernatural powers and that the devil is powerful and has to be fought. Modern science totally spoils that because it gives people so much power but not from supernatural sources. No God in the instruments, you know?“So with modern tech we can make Ronald Reagan appear to come back from the grave, but to do it with modern tech leaves no need for spirits or sacred words or miracles or any other flavor of magic. Which only re emphasizes what they’re most afraid of: living in a world where nobody paints the sky blue every morning, or leaves quarters for teeth, or made platypi as a joke, or decided to sculpt the Grand Canyon, or took granny to heaven to make chocolate chip cookies for the angels. Nobody, nobody, nobody. So since their theology won’t let me bring in a Robo Jesus to call forth Robo Reagan, like sort of a Robo Lazarus, and they really want this, like so many people do…well, it can’t come from nobody, it has to come from somebody, and the somebody can’t be God.“Well, if the devil is anything, he’s somebody.”Joe was still sputtering. “But it…I mean, they’re going to think it’s coming out of Hell! Literal capital H real place Hell!”“Well, exactly. Think about how much that proves. If there’s a Hell and a Devil, there’s also a Heaven and a God. Once they have their Reagan back all they have to do is pray over him a little, drive the devil out, accept the blessing of a restored Reagan on behalf of God, and they’re good to go. God forgives crazier shit than that all the time.
Lailah Gifty Akita|In suffering, the soul cries out!
Dante Alighieri, La Divina Comedia|You and I, Ella, we are the failures. We spend our lives fighting to get people very slightly more stupid than ourselves to accept truths that the great men have always known. They have known for thousands of years that to lock a sick person into solitary confinement makes him worse. They have known for thousands of years that a poor man who is frightened of his landlord and of the police is a slave. They have known it. We know it. But do the great enlightened mass of the British people know it? No. It is our task, Ella, yours and mine, to tell them. Because the great men are too great to be bothered. They are already discovering how to colonise Venus and to irrigate the moon. That is what is important for our time. You and I are the boulder-pushers. All our lives, you and I, we'll put all our energies, all our talents, into pushing a great boulder up a mountain. The boulder is the truth that the great men know by instinct, and the mountain is the stupidity of mankind. We push the boulder.
Isabel Allende|We are driven by five genetic needs: survival, love and belonging, power, freedom, and fun.
Geshe Kelsang Gyatso, Transform Your Life: A Blissful Journey|Normally we divide the external world into that which we consider to be good or valuable, bad or worthless, or neither. Most of the time these discriminations are incorrect or have little meaning. For example, our habitual way of categorizing people as friends, enemies, and strangers depending on how they make us feel is both incorrect and a great obstacle to developing impartial love for all living beings. Rather than holding so tightly to our discriminations of the external world, it would be much more beneficial if we learned to discriminate between valuable and worthless states of mind.
Thomas Keating|Unfortunately, the mechanism for doing philanthropy in a structured way isn't yet in place in India. I already do a fair bit and support various causes such as education, sanitation, health. But selling costly drugs at affordable prices is philanthropy in itself.
Ariel Gore, How to Become a Famous Writer Before You're Dead: Your Words in Print and Your Name in Lights|I wonder if that's the perennial story of writers: you find the true light, you lose the true light, you find it again. And maybe again.
Tadao Ando|I'm always involved with the Aerospace Program and NASA and Goddard Space Flight Center. And if kids feel so inclined, they can log onto NASA and the Optimus Prime Spinoff Award, which we present every year to some of the brilliant young minds that are taking up into the academics of space, science, technology, math.
Neil deGrasse Tyson|As a scientist, I want to go to Mars and back to asteroids and the Moon because I'm a scientist. But I can tell you, I'm not so naive a scientist to think that the nation might not have geopolitical reasons for going into space.
Adam Davidson|I learnt a lot in government, and I've learnt a lot since leaving government. The kind of journey of being in government is that you start at your most popular and least capable, and you end at your most capable and least popular.
Carrie Jones, Need|The journey of a human is not only to expand its illusory personality of his mind, in the external world, but to realize himself beyond the identity of the mind and see the truth behind the formation of life within.
Robin Sloan, Mr. Penumbra's 24-Hour Bookstore|I could kiss that girl. And ya know what? I will kiss that girl. As soon as I get back to school, I'm gonna grab her, and I'm gonna kiss her.
Scott Snyder|We often grow up being told that we can do this or that, but if you don't see anybody that looks like you doing it, you don't believe you can do it. But I had great teachers, and I wanted to be a great teacher.
Restu Ilahi|My mouth could say goodbye, but not with my heart
Amy Leigh Mercree, Joyful Living: 101 Ways to Transform Your Spirit and Revitalize Your Life|Consciousness is eternal, and it is part of you.
Dada Bhagwan|A reputable person is he who has trust in his own Self. Self means who? “I am Pure Soul”, it is that Self.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|My mother does not own my hands, though she works hard to train them. My mother does not own my eyes, though she frequently directs their focus. My mother does not own my mind, though she yields great influence upon it. My heart, however, she owns completely, for it was hers the day I was born.
Pazaria Smith|If you find a FEAR predator on your tail, STOP running, turn and face it, with BOLDNESS and declare,"God has not given me the spirit of FEAR! but of power, and of love and of a sound mind. [2 Timothy 1:7]Take your best shot Devil! then, march on with boldness, confidence, power and strength, as a soldier in the King's army!
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Curiosity is a worthwhile virtue than certainty. While the former leads to grow, the latter muzzles your growth and results in stagnation...
Eraldo Banovac|Young men learn the lesson of love, after bursting out in anger.
Mona Simpson|It's quite a pure relationship, designer and muse. I think a beautiful dress on the wrong woman could mean nothing. It has to be the right woman and the right clothes. That's why you need that personal touch.
George Ade|In the morning a man walks with his whole body; in the evening, only with his legs.
V.C. Andrews, Flowers in the Attic|It was as if I was in a picture, a flat canvas, and everything around me was flat, me painted on like everything else: no colour, nothing in front and nothing behind me, not even earlier today or tomorrow, nothing to look back or forward to, just this moment.
Tommy Caldwell|If you push down that pyramid of power and spread out the base, every member gets a chance to file their bill and have it heard and file their amendment and have it heard, as opposed to the system that we have now, which closes out, closes down bills, limits debate, and so forth.
Donald Miller, Searching for God Knows What|Reality is like a fine wine,” he said to me. “It will not appeal to children.
Deyth Banger|Every film, every person have something incrediable. The question is how deeper can you go?
Lionel Suggs|The word genius was whispered into my ear the first things I ever Heard while I was still mewling in my crib, laughs Orson (Welles), so it never occured to me that I wasn't until middle age
Ash Gray, The Harvest|Quinn dropped her hand and avoided Thalcu’s eye. “I . . . I don’t want to kill you,” she said to the floor. “Not if I could save you.”The woman smiled gently at Quinn, her lips curling behind her oxygen mask. “I will not really die,” she said, drawing Quinn’s surprised gaze. She looked at Quinn contently a moment and went on, “Do you know how worlds are born? From the first breath of a star. We are made of starlight. We can not bear to look into the sun, into the thing that birthed us, anymore than we can bear to look upon our parents in the throes of passion. It is our point of origin, and to it, we all must return.
Rick Riordan|She heard the zip of his pants, and expected him to step away from her, leave her alone in the bathroom to pull herself together. Instead, his hands were very gentle as he moved her out of the way, running water into the tiny sink.And then his hands were between her legs, and he was washing her, and she was too shocked to do anything more than let him. He tossed the paper towels, then took her discarded clothes from the floor and put them on her, waiting patiently as she lifted one foot, then the other. She was trembling, weak, totally compliant, and when he finished he wet another paper towel and washed her face with it, gently, like a lover.
Kurt Eichenwald, Conspiracy of Fools: A True Story|Kaminski plunged ahead. "I am not going to sign off on anything related to the Raptors," he said. "And I don't care if I'm fired for it."Buy raised a hand. "Whoa, wait a minute, I don't think you'll be fired," he replied quickly. "Now that Skilling's gone, we have a different mantra in Enron."He looked Kaminski in the eye. "We're expected to be honest", he said.p.525
Sushil Kumar|My chest tightens to the point I fear my heart will suffocate from the pressure of it. Society's standards are the total opposite from how I was raised. The boy who I thought to be so strikingly handsome has less than a year of his life to live, my new friend only a few more months beyond that. Yet they are living these uneventful lives in which they don't think there is a reason for anything. Will I ever see my mother again, or is this how I will be forced to live the rest of my life, as well?
Vironika Tugaleva|If we learn to be responsible for our own emotions, thoughts, and needs, then we can see other people for who they are as opposed to what they can do for us.
Rip Esselstyn, The Engine 2 Diet: The Texas Firefighter's 28-Day Save-Your-Life Plan that Lowers Cholesterol and Burns Away the Pounds|Will you dance for me? Let your breasts roam for a moment -- I need to see how they dance.''Okay.' She danced, and as she danced, she tried to think of the most delicious salads she could imagine -- with artichokes and sundried tomato and blue cheese dressing, and beets, lots of beets.
Bernard Werber|Everytime he looked at her she felt brighter inside, and she yearned to keep his attention, to hold his gaze.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|17 Ways to Just Be Nice“No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.” ―Aesop1.	Be sincere.2.	Be altruistic.3.	Practice patience.4.	Inquire and engage.5.	Keep your promises.6.	Offer help to others.7.	Acknowledge others.8.	Control your behavior.9.	Be situationally aware.10.	Be polite and courteous.11.	Use considerate manners.12.	Greet people with a smile. 13.	Practice random acts of kindness.14.	Show respect for yourself and others.15.	Be complimentary and look for positives.16.	Walk in another’s shoes to understand their needs.17.	Share of yourself without expecting anything in return.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|Morrie,” Koppel said, “that was seventy years ago your mother died. The pain still goes on?”“You bet,” Morrie whispered.
Daniel Bruhl|I like bowling. I suck at it, but I like it. You know what's so funny? I have days when I'm absolutely great at doing it, and then I have days when I just don't understand it.
Nicole Krauss, Great House|Having kids — the responsibility of rearing good, kind, ethical, responsible human beings — is the biggest job anyone can embark on
Dana Gore|Until we face the war within ourselves, the world will never change.
Avina Celeste|Life shouldn’t be a monotonous cycle day after day. Life is meant to be explored, enjoyed, and, well, lived. You can’t live your life happily without seeing new things and putting yourself in new positions. Life is magical with endless possibility and should be lived as such. Allow yourself some freedom. Enjoy life, don’t just live it.
Steven Redhead, The Solution|Brazen it out! Throw away the scabbard! Grit your teeth, buckle down, and die with your boots on! Or in other words, be determined and resolved until you accomplish the thing you set out to accomplish.
John McWhorter|This humanity we would claim for ourselves is the legacy, not only of the Enlightenment, but of the thousands of European peasants and poor townspeople who came here bringing their humanity and their sufferings with them. It is the absence of a stable upper class that is responsible for much of the vulgarity of the American scene. Should we blush before the visitor for this deficiency? The ugliness of American decoration, American entertainment, American literature - is not this the visible expression of the impoverishment of the European masses, a manifestation of all the backwardness, deprivation, and want that arrived here in boatloads from Europe? The immense popularity of American movies abroad demonstrates that Europe is the unfinished negative of which America is the proof. The European traveler, viewing with distaste a movie palace or a Motorola, is only looking into the terrible concavity of his continent of hunger inverted startlingly into the convex. Our civilization, deformed as it is outwardly, is still an accomplishment; all this had to come to light.
Antonella Gambotto-Burke, Mama: Love, Motherhood and Revolution|...the place I was bound for on my latest pilgrimage was filled with living, first-hand memories of all the enchanted years that lie between two and eighteen. How enchanted those years are is made more and more clear to me the older I grow. There has been nothing in the least like them since; and though I have forgotten most of what happened six months ago, every incident, almost every day of those wonderful long years is perfectly distinct in my memory.
Addison Mizner|God gives us relatives; thank God, we can choose our friends.
M.F. Moonzajer|If forgiveness, kindness and humanity could have changed something; today we would have been living a peaceful world.
Jeremy Griffith|I know for an absolute honest-to-goodness fact that life can kick you to pieces, break you into a thousand little shards, and that you can get up again and mend yourself. I promise.
Shauna Niequist, Bittersweet: Thoughts on Change, Grace, and Learning the Hard Way|Our anxiety does not empty tomorrow of its sorrows, but only empties today of its strengths.
Ma Jian|I left Beijing because I wanted to be alone and to forge my own path, but I know now that no path is solitary, we all tread across other people's beginnings and ends.
Kyril Bonfiglioli, Don't Point that Thing at Me|Some of my best friends are women,' I snapped, 'though I certainly wouldn't want my daughter to marry one of them.
Theodore Melfi|They don't make you pay for the humor. It's up and down, but they're trying to give you as many laughs as possible in 2 minutes. They are the most honest comedians ever.
Brian Richardson|Human beings, like plans, prove fallible in the presence of those ingredients that are missing in maneuvers - danger, death, and live ammunition.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|We all go through times of self-doubt, times when we may question our abilities and hope we can live up to the expectations of others.
D.H. Lawrence, Lady Chatterley's Lover|It seems to me absolutely true, that our world, which appears to us the surface of all things, is really the bottom of a deep ocean: all our trees are submarine growths, and we are weird, scaly-clad submarine fauna, feeding ourselves on offal like shrimps. Only occasionally the soul rises gasping through the fathomless fathoms under which we live, far up to the surface of the ether, where there is true air.
Kahlil Gibran|You were born together, and together you shall be for evermore...But let there be spaces in your togetherness...Love one another, but make not a bond of love. Let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls. Fill each other's cup but drink not from one cup. Give one another of your bread but eat not of the same loaf. Sing and dance together and be joyous, but let each one of you be alone, Even as the strings of a lute are alone though they quiver with the same music.
Donald Miller, Blue Like Jazz: Nonreligious Thoughts on Christian Spirituality|I never liked jazz music because jazz music doesn't resolve. But I was outside the Bagdad Theater in Portland one night when I saw a man playing the saxophone. I stood there for fifteen minutes, and he never opened his eyes.
Jamie Quatro, I Want to Show You More|I envy these people. Wide-open suffering, their messes all hanging out. Lives boiled down to raw need--a near-holiness to it. And all of us driving our cars up and down the mountain--we'll go on forever trying to fool each other.
Stephen Chbosky, The Perks of Being a Wallflower|please believe that things are good with me, and even when they're not, they will be soon enough. And i will always believe the same about you.
Frances Wright|It will appear evident upon attentive consideration that equality of intellectual and physical advantages is the only sure foundation of liberty, and that such equality may best, and perhaps only, be obtained by a union of interests and cooperation in labor.
Carl von Clausewitz|My next book is also set in the eighteenth century. It's about the Revolution, with the focus on the year 1776. It's about Washington and the army and the war. It's the nadir, the low point of the United States of America.
Ambrose Bierce|Sometimes they are a matter of luck; the photographer could not expect or hope for them. Sometimes they are a matter of patience, waiting for an effect to be repeated that he has seen and lost or for one that he anticipates.
Imran Amed|Much of what has gone wrong in the pursuit of Arab-Israeli peace is due to a lack of strong leadership, primarily among the Palestinians.
François Lelord, Hector and the Search for Happiness|Or rather, he was sad because that morning he'd understood that he'd understood nothing, because while he still understood nothing he wasn't sad at all, but now that he'd understood that he'd understood nothing he felt sad, if you follow.
Lisa Kleypas, Sugar Daddy|Thus, dear friends, I have said it clearly enough, and I believe you ought to understand it and not make liberty a law...
Avina Celeste|To change the world, we must look inward. If we fill our hearts with peace and love, we will see the change.
Liberty Forrest, The Power and Simplicity of Self-Healing: With Scientific Proof That You Can Create Your Own Miracle|The industrial and technological revolutions have made our lives simpler, in terms of what is physically required of us on a daily basis, but they have also made it possible for us to do a whole lot less than we ought to be doing, and we suffer for it.We have become flabby and overweight; our joints and muscles have become stiff from lack of use. We suffer from all sorts of problems related to our lack of physical exercise; it affects us on all levels, causing high blood pressure, increased cholesterol, anxiety, depression, insomnia and the list goes on and on.We know, too, how much better we feel for a bit of exercise. Those “feel-good” hormones lift our spirits, boost self-esteem and improve our overall sense of well-being. It’s a sort of built-in reward system. There’s a reason for that. It’s because we are meant to be active.
Sylvia Nasar|Eternal truths are ultimately invisible, and you won't find them in material things or natural phenomena, or even in human emotions. Mathematics, however, can illuminate them, can give them expression - in fact, nothing can prevent it from doing so.
Nikki Rowe|The chaos doesn't end, you kinda' just become the calm.
Franklin D. Roosevelt|Presidents are selected, not elected.
Erndell Scott, Paper Boats|Perhaps Zeus was king, but I was Spartan, a princess twice over, and queen of Athens besides. I knew my duty. And I would rule my own fate.
Christopher Pointdexter|I loved her not for the way she danced with my angels, but for the way the sound of her name could silence my demons.
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|There is a sky full of stars aplenty, and all you can babble about is a cold, little rock we call the moon. This is how it is with petty problems that exist too close to us.
Cole J. Davis|As Mr. R. U. Sayee has well said: 'It should be clear a priori that fairy lore must have developed as a result of modifications and accretions received in different countries and at many periods, though we must not overlook the part played by tradition in providing a mould that to some extent determines the nature of later additions.' It must also be self-evident that a great deal of confusion has been caused by the assumption that some spirit-types were fairies which in a more definite sense are certainly not of elfin provenance. In some epochs, indeed, Faerie appears to have been regarded as a species of limbo to which all 'pagan' spirits - to say nothing of defeated gods, monsters, and demons - could be banished, along with the personnel of Olympus and the rout of witchcraft. Such types, however, are usually fairly easy of detection.
Christopher Bram, Lives of the Circus Animals|If the achievement of so much in life could not make one happy, then why bother living?
Ethar El-Katatney, Forty Days and Forty Nights - in Yemen: A Journey to Tarim, the City of Light|[T]he people who are close to Allah worry so much about wasting time that they call themselves to account for every breath they spend - how many of us wonder about how we spend our day, let alone each breath?
Terry Tempest Williams, When Women Were Birds: Fifty-four Variations on Voice|Surely she'd heard voices like his, so low-pitched as to make every commonplace utterance seem of the deepest intimacy, every cliche a delicious secret.
Cormac McCarthy|Word warfare is going on, which is not less destructive than any War. Words can be more destructive than any type of destructive weapons. Violence of any form starts in human mind and manifests in emotions, behaviors and finally in actions.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|At time I find the true material of my spirit,this earthly body is no longer my only vessel.
Ruth Ozeki, A Tale for the Time Being|She missed the built environment of New York City. It was only in an urban landscape, amid straight lines and architecture, that she could situate herself in human time and history. She missed people. She missed human intrigue, drama and power struggles. She needed her own species, not to talk to, necessarily, but just to be among, as a bystander in a crowd or an anonymous witness.
Gretchen Rubin|A man, to carry on a successful business, must have imagination. He must see things as in a vision, a dream of the whole thing. A man can cultivate this faculty only by an appreciation of the finer things in life.
Steven Magee|Only one person was conspicuously missing from the (American Society of Clinical Oncology, ASCO) party - Dennis Slamon. Having spent the afternoon planning the next phase of Herceptin trials with breast oncologists at ASCO, Slamon had jumped into his rundown Nissan and driven home.
Lance Morcan, The Orphan Conspiracies: 29 Conspiracy Theories from The Orphan Trilogy|Dear Hunger Games :Screw you for helping cowards pretend you have to be great with a bow to fight evil.You don't need to be drafted into a monkey-infested jungle to fight evil.You don't need your father's light sabre, or to be bitten by a radioactive spider.You don't need to be stalked by a creepy ancient vampire who is basically a pedophile if you're younger than a redwood.Screw you mainstream media for making it look like moral courage requires hair gel, thousands of sit ups and millions of dollars of fake ass CGI.Moral courage is the gritty, scary and mostly anonymous process of challenging friends, co-workers and family on issues like spanking, taxation, debt, circumcision and war.Moral courage is standing up to bullies when the audience is not cheering, but jeering. It is helping broken people out of abusive relationships, and promoting the inner peace of self knowledge in a shallow and empty pseudo-culture.Moral courage does not ask for - or receive - permission or the praise of the masses. If the masses praise you, it is because you are helping distract them from their own moral cowardice and conformity. Those who provoke discomfort create change - no one else.So forget your politics and vampires and magic wands and photon torpedoes. Forget passively waiting for the world to provoke and corner you into being virtuous. It never will.Stop watching fictional courage and go live some; it is harder and better than anything you will ever see on a screen.Let's make the world change the classification of courage from 'fantasy' to 'documentary.'You know there are people in your life who are doing wrong. Go talk to them, and encourage them to pursue philosophy, self-knowledge and virtue.Be your own hero; you are the One that your world has been waiting for.
Alexandra Engellmann, Sky Ghosts: All for One|And as her voice carried in the darkness, he wasn’t sure where the borders between her story and his dream were. But he saw no more nightmares; he dreamed of a noble Sky Ghost and his little daughter, which he taught everything she needed to become a better warrior than he was.
William Makepeace Thackeray, Barry Lyndon|Let the man who has to make his fortune in life remember this maxim. Attacking is his only secret. Dare, and the world always yields: or, if it beat you sometimes, dare again, and it will succumb.
Anat Talshir, About the Night|Sometimes rebuffing him was a difficult, but this evening Margo whispered something about the prohibition on sex during the Yom Kippur holiday--as if they were a family of rabbis!--and he gave in and turned on his side. Rejected and repelled, he would fall into his nighttime sleep; in just a few moments she would hear that sound she hated, the heavy breathing that would rise to his nostrils and turn into a saw-like din, and Margo would wonder whether to shake him or let him be. If she awaken him, there was a chance he might start probing all over again; if she let him snore, he would disrupt her thinking, and she would not be able to give herself over to the brilliant idea she had come up with while staring in the mirror.
Jalaluddin Rumi|I lived in my head most of the time— a lonely and messed up place —and suddenly there was a higher force called Allah I could lean on. A companion, who'd travel with me this road less trodden... My life. Islam means surrendering yourself to God.
Neil Leckman|At first we didn’t know what to call them. Most called them zombies, but it didn’t seem right, because unlike their fictional counterparts, they didn’t hunger for flesh. Others called them demons, sent back from the underworld to the world of the living after a lifetime of sin. Ghosts, spirits, the possessed, one thing was certain: the dead were dead no longer” – A.J.Hill
Euginia Herlihy|It is good to know that every single title/rank you hold is earned in a high cost of hard work, not some random self given title/rank.
J.D. Radke|If I were given a choice, I would stand by Eve and eat that forbidden apple once again. Why? I know there is beauty and meaning and significance in the complexity of our lives on earth. Otherwise, we are just animals. I prefer us to be human.
C. JoyBell C.|Incredible how so many people have no sense of honor. How does this happen? This happens by thriving on how one appears to the world around him rather than cultivating a person inside him that he knows is honorable and that he can be proud of. When all the focus is on what people think about you based upon your facebook profile or based upon the exterior that you put on everyday; you leave no room for looking at yourself and saying, "I want to look into the mirror every day and see someone that I can be proud of." And that's what a life of honor is based upon. It is based upon the knowledge that you know your own actions, your own self, and you can see the things that you do and know the things that you think. You answer to yourself, therefore, your standards need to come up to what you expect of yourself. It doesn't matter at all if anybody is looking. When such a sense of honor is present in a large group of people, that's when we see no crime rate or a very low crime rate, respect for other human life and personas, respect for the surroundings and really a respect for oneself. Because a respect for other people can only first be born from a true respect for oneself.
Guess!|Kartik feels like a country I want to travel—vast, dangerous, and unknown.
Michael Ende, Momo|All the games were selected for them by supervisors and had to have some useful, educational purpose. The children learned these new games but unlearned something else in the process: they forgot to be happy, how to take pleasure in little things and last, but not least, how to dream
R.B. O'Brien|Cash leaned forward against her hand and Harper met him halfway. The kiss was powerful and demanding. Harper wrapped her arms around Cash, feeling his heartbeat against her chest. The kiss was more aggressive than either of them meant it to be, and, when they pulled apart, they were both breathing fast, like they had sprinted toward each other.	“I’ve been waiting a long time to do that,” Cash said, out of breath.“Eight years,” Harper murmured. “My whole life,” Cash corrected, leaning in again.
Neil Gaiman, The Books of Magic|This is a work of fiction. All the characters in it, human and otherwise, are imaginary, excepting only certain of the fairy folk, whom it might be unwise to offend by casting doubts on their existence. Or lack thereof.
Kelley Armstrong, Dangerous|I gave three quiet cheers for Minnesota. In Seattle a dusty inch of anything white and chilly means the city lapses into full-on panic mode, as if each falling flake crashes to earth with its own individual baggie of used hypodermic needles. It’s ridiculous.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Adversity kills fearful people just by showing them its weapons. As to whether that weapon is fatal or fake, they don't care to know before they surrender!
R.A. Salvatore, Sea of Swords|Hindsight, I think, is a useless tool. We, each of us, are at a place in our lives because of innumerable circumstances, and we, each of us, have a responsibility (if we do not like where we are) to move along life's road, to find a better path if this one does not suit, or to walk happily along this one if it is indeed our life's way. Changing even the bad things that have gone before would fundamentally change who we are, and whether or not that would be a good thing, I believe, it is impossible to predict. So I take my past experiences... and try to regret nothing. -Drizzt Do'urden
Norman Parker, Living With Killers|Merry Christmas me bollocks. The words of the Pogues's 'Fairytale of New York' also came to mind: surrounded by scumbags and maggots, I prayed God it would be my last in Los Teques.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|... you’ll have to fall in love at least once in your life, or Paris has failed to rub off on you.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|The intellect can only think about or analyze joy, but cannot feel it.
Ashlyn Chase, Strange Neighbors|There will never be another woman for me, Alexandra. You are my eternity. -Michael
Maria Gregory|He's (God's) always preparing you for that glorious life, even in your tough times.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Father, be my comfort in this dark times.
Winy Maas, Visionary Cities. Urgencies for the City of the Future|He realised that in a town a man cannot live as he wishes, but as other people wish.
Russell T. Davies, Doctor Who: The Writer's Tale|Get your story written, you always have the second and third draft to fix things like tense, 1st vs 3rd person, the exact right word, etc.
John Marshall Harlan|The fundamental premise that all are equal under and before the law and all are entitled to the equal protection and the equal benefit of the law and when that is put in place, the law enforcement becomes manageable because just laws foster compliance, do not require coercion.
Doug Davidson|If you make every game a life and death proposition, you're going to have problems. For one thing, you'll be dead a lot.
Paula Acedo|In narrow and gloomy streets, keep your spirit high!
Richard Puz, The Carolinian|It's such a hopeful, almost utopian word, that word "phase." As if any minute, "we" would suffer some sort of Joad overload, come to "our" senses, and for heaven's sake, do something about our godforsaken shoes. But the book phase never ended. The book phase would bloom and grow into a whole series of seasonal affiliations including our communist phase, our beatnik phase, our vegetarian phase, and the three-year period known as Please Don't Talk to Me. Now that we are finishing up the third decade of the book phase, we ask ourselves if we have changed. Sure, we still dress in the bruise palette of gray, black, and blue, and we still haven't gotten around to piercing our ears. But we wear lipstick now, we own high-heeled shoes. Concessions have been made.
Charlotte Bronte|If you want to be an anthropologist, you need to study physical anthropology specialized in bones. If you want to be a forensic chemist, get a degree in chemistry. Do you want to do DNA work? Get a degree in microbiology. And do well. Study hard and go to graduate school.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|I dispute the point that nuclear energy is 'clean' and 'cost-effective'. As I recall, when we first harnessed nuclear power it was to drop an atom bomb on a civilian population, not to save the environment. However, you must admit, the victors are never tried for war crimes.
Sandra Tsing Loh|My daughter finished high school the same month I got my master's degree. I'm glad I didn't know when I gave birth to her at 21 what it would cost in terms of time, money and sacrifice to bring her to that graduation day.
Bill Bryson, A Short History of Nearly Everything|When we dislike someone, or feel threatened by someone, the natural tendency is to focus on something we dislike about the person, something that irritates us. Unfortunately, when we do this--instead of seeing the deeper beauty of the person and giving them energy--we take energy away and actually do them harm. All they know is that they suddenly feel less beautiful and less confident, and it is because we sapped their energy.
John Stuart Mill, The Subjection of Women|There are no means of finding what either one person or many can do, but by trying - and no means by which anyone else can discover for them what it is for their happiness to do or leave undone
Sammy Davis, Jr.|Whenever I made money I invested in myself... I bought whatever I needed to make my career better. I never really spent money on other stuff, like buying expensive cars.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Wherever problem persist, wisdom is lacking. There is no problem anywhere except wisdom problem. Wisdom provides solutions where there is complications.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Black Swan: The Impact of the Highly Improbable|The next time someone pesters you with unneeded advice, gently remind him of the fate of the monk whom Ivan the Terrible put to death for delivering uninvited (and moralizing) advice. It works as a short-term cure.
Evinda Lepins, A Cup of Hope for the Day: Coffee Hour with Chicklit Power|Now I seen Mauna Kena from Honokaa b'fore, o'course, but a mountain you're planning on climbin' ain't the same as the one you ain't. It ain't so pretty, nay.
William Manchester, The Last Lion: Winston Spencer Churchill: Visions of Glory 1874-1932|If you are trying to bring about a better future, you must eery day go someplace you have not been before, to the point of no return. What happens every time you go to the point of no return? You push past your limits and open up new terrains of possibility. Each challenge accepted leads to greater ability when you confront the next.
Horace Dade Ashton|I must always be positive no matter what happens on the outside. I have positivity inside and even though this is not an eternal state of mind, it’s my daily attitude in life.
Rebecca Romijn|Jody Hill, who I created 'Eastbound And Down' and 'Fist Foot Way' with, was my best man at my wedding.
Douglas Coupland, Life After God|Surely everyone is aware of the divine pleasures which attend a wintry fireside; candles at four o'clock, warm hearthrugs, tea, a fair tea-maker, shutters closed, curtains flowing in ample draperies to the floor, whilst the wind and rain are raging audibly without.
Ariel Pink|Before swearing in new citizens, immigration officials check to make sure prospective citizens weren't on voter rolls or voted before achieving legal citizenship. A citizenship petition can be denied if they were.
Théophile Gautier|Nothing is really beautiful unless it is useless; everything useful is ugly, for it expresses a need, and the needs of man are ignoble and disgusting, like his poor weak nature. The most useful place in a house is the lavatory.
Christopher Hitchens|I had never before been a special fan of that great comedian Phyllis Diller, but she utterly won my heart this week by sending me an envelope that, when opened, contained a torn-off square of brown-bag paper of the kind suitable for latrine duty in an ill-run correctional facility. Duly unfurled, it carried a handwritten salutation reading as follows:Money's scarceTimes are hardHere's your f******I could not possibly improve on the sentiment, but I don't think it ought to depend on the current austerities. Isn't Christmas a moral and aesthetic nightmare whether or not the days are prosperous?
Kaimana Wolff, La Chiripa|He asks, in a softer voice, "Does your arm still hurt?"You touch it with your hand. The big ache is gone, leaving only the little, underneath ache that will gather and swell against the bone. The blood leaks out of the vein where he grabbed you. But you say, "It's better now.
Sam Neill|For me, modern technology has ruined romance and movies - nobody can run to the airplane gate anymore.
Melissa Lee-Houghton, Beautiful Girls|Pile the bodies high at Austerlitz and Waterloo.Shovel them under and let me work-- I am the grass; I cover all.And pile them high at GettysburgAnd pile them high at Ypres and Verdun.Shovel them under and let me work.Two years, ten years, and the passengers ask the conductor: What place is this? Where are we now? I am the grass. Let me work.
Kirk Cameron|My wife - I married my onscreen girlfriend from 'Growing Pains', Mike Seaver's girlfriend, and we've been married for 17 years - so marriage is very important to us.
Santosh Kalwar|Every day and every night, I dance with Jesus Christ, Prophet Mohammad & all personal Gods: Krishna, Shiva & Buddha. You are welcome too !
Margaret Atwood, The Blind Assassin|The only way you can write the truth is to assume that what you set down will never be read. Not by any other person, and not even by yourself at some later date. Otherwise you begin excusing yourself. You must see the writing as emerging like a long scroll of ink from the index finger of your right hand; you must see your left hand erasing it.
Jennifer Donnelly, These Shallow Graves|Don't let the darkness that's been visited upon this family pull you in so deeply, you cannot get out. Turn back from it, darling Jo... he'd warned her. He didn't seem to understand that turning your back on the darkness didn't mean the darkness would turn its back on you.
Princess Margaret|I don't support gay marriage, but I also don't support a constitutional amendment banning it. However, I do support same sex unions that would give gay couples all the rights, privileges and protections of marriage.
Henry James, The Portrait of a Lady|Still, who could say what men ever were looking for? They looked for what they found; they knew what pleased them only when they saw it.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|A mother's love is everything, Jared. It is what brings a child into this world. It is what molds their entire being. When a mother sees her child in danger, she is literally capable of anything. Mother have lifted cars off of their children, and destroyed entire dynasties. A mother's love is the strongest energy known to man. You must that love, and it's power.
Craig D. Lounsbrough, An Intimate Collision: Encounters with Life and Jesus|...So let's not lie ourselves, let's view the stuff how they are really are...Universe is endless... TIme is endless..., The possibilities of happening or doing something are endless, the numbers are endless...So look how far did we reach, it's incrediable view out here,... but one thing is missing isn't out this have something near, overall after all?
Robert Ardrey|So off had gone John to the wars again. But he had not remained for long in the position of a humble volunteer. Colonel Clifton, commanding the 1st Regiment of Dragoons, no sooner heard that Crazy Jack was back then he enrolled him as an extra aide-de-camp.
Michael Bassey Johnson|So ... will you stay with me until it's over? Please?" "Kaylee, I would do anything for the girl who granted my dying wish.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Sooner or later we must leave our dream world and face up to the facts of God, sin, and judgment. The Bible says, “All have sinned and come short of the glory of God” [Romans 3:23 NIV].
Saaif Alam|The actual theme of corruption can condemn humanity and this conflict can be resolved when people are diligent to put an end to this catastrophe as a community."﻿
Amy Lowell, Selected Poems|The inkstand is full of ink, and the paper lies white and unspotted, in the round of light thrown by a candle. Puffs of darkness sweep into the corners, and keep rolling through the room behind his chair. The air is silver and pearl, for the night is liquid with moonlight.See how the roof glitters, like ice!Over there, a slice of yellow cuts into the silver-blue, and beside it stand two geraniums, purple because the light is silver-blue, to-night.
Melissa West|You are here because some sliver of existence within you says that you are a born fighter. That you will put your life before others, and stand when others fall.
Roy  Bennett|Now, as we close one chapter, the pen is gradually inking up, preparing itself to write the next.
N.K. Jemisin|Whether religious or racial, anti-Semitism is always repugnant, one of the most destructive manifestations of human stupidity and evil. What is profoundly expressed in it is man's traditional mistrust of the man who is not part of his tribe, that 'other' who speaks a different language, whose skin is a different color, and who participates in mysterious rites and rituals.
Rémy de Gourmont, The Book of Masks|To acquire the full consciousness of self is to know oneself so different from others that no longer feels allied with men except by purely animal contacts: nevertheless, among souls of this degree, there is an ideal fraternity based on differences,--while society fraternity is based on resemblances.The full consciousness of self can be called originality of soul, -and all this is said only to point out the group of rare beings to which Andre Gide belongs.The misfortune of these beings, when they express themselves, is that they do it with such odd gestures that men fear to approach them; their life of social contacts must often revolve in the brief circle of ideal fraternities; or, when the mob consents to admit such souls, it is as curiosities or museum objects. Their glory is, finally, to be loved from afar & almost understood, as parchments are seen & read above sealed cases.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Marriage is not a reform school . . .Instead of you reforming [your spouse], [he or she] will instead influence you.
Lindsey Kelk, I Heart New York|They're all gone, my tribe is gone. Those blankets they gave us, infected with smallpox, have killed us. I'm the last, the very last, and I'm sick, too. So very sick. Hot. My fever burning so hot. I have to take off my clothes, feel the cold air, splash water across my bare skin. And dance. I'll dance a Ghost Dance. I'll bring them back. Can you hear the drums? I can hear them, and it's my grandfather and grandmother singing. Can you hear them?I dance one step and my sister rises from the ash. I dance another and a buffalo crashes down from the sky onto a log cabin in Nebraska. With every step, an Indian rises. With every other step, a buffalo falls. I'm growing, too. My blisters heal, my muscles stretch, expand. My tribe dances behind me. At first they are no bigger than children. Then they begin to grow, larger than me, larger than the trees around us. The buffalo come to join us and their hooves shake the earth, knock all the white people from their beds, send their plates crashing to the floor. We dance in circles growing larger and larger until we are standing on the shore, watching all the ships returning to Europe. All the white hands are waving good-bye and we continue to dance, dance until the ships fall off the horizon, dance until we are so tall and strong that the sun is nearly jealous. We dance that way.
Marissa Meyer, Winter|She remembered perching on the sill of her bedroom window with the pane opened a crack so she could let the winter in, and she remembered letting it sting her nose and wash over her until she was shivering and blue.
Robert A. Heinlein, For Us, the Living: A Comedy of Customs|A politician is worse than the arsonist, for he lights the fire and then vows if elected he will supply more fire trucks.
Derek Landy, Playing with Fire|An untied shoelace can be dangerous,' he said.'I could have tripped.'She stared at him. A moment dragged by.'I'm joking,' he said at last.She relaxed. 'Really?''Absolutely. I would never have tripped. I'm far too graceful.
Drew Gilpin Faust|People nowadays think of gamebooks as rather old hat - and, after all, it was twenty years ago. In their heyday, though, they were a phenomenon, selling upwards of a hundred thousand units per title. And it's not as old hat as you might think: the same design skills I used in those days apply equally when I'm creating modern videogames.
Emma Cline, The Girls|I may have smiled to myself as I watched the familiar pattern of the town pass, the bus cruising through shade to sunshine. I'd grown up in this place, had the knowledge of it so deep in me that I didn't even know most street names, navigating instead by landmarks, visual or memorial. The corner where my mother had twisted her ankle in a mauve pantsuit. The copse of trees that always looked vaguely attended by evil. The drugstore with its torn awning. Through the window of that unfamiliar bus, the burr of old carpet under my legs, my hometown seemed scrubbed clean of my presence. It was easy to leave it behind.
C. JoyBell C.|If change and growth are not programmed into your spirituality, if there are not serious warnings about the blinding nature of fear and fanaticism, your religion will always end up worshiping the status quo and protecting your present ego position and personal advantage as if it were God.
Hillary Jordan, When She Woke|She prayed for that all through the night, uncertain to Whom or what, but with a feeling that almost resembled faith.
George R.R. Martin, A Clash of Kings|The gods made our bodies as well as our souls, is it not so? They give us voices, so we might worship them with song. They give us hands, so we might build them temples. And they give us desire, so we might mate and worship them in that way.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The strength of soul; love, hope and faith.
Franz Kafka|I was a black center in the middle of all the nature. I was nothing, but I could do anything.
Beth Revis, A Million Suns|That's the thing with handmade items. They still have the person's mark on them, and when you hold them, you feel less alone.
Zac Efron|I always hated high-school shows and high-school movies, because they were always about the cool kids. It was always about dating and sex, and all the popular kids, and the good-looking kids. And the nerds were super-nerdy cartoons, with tape on their glasses. I never saw 'my people' portrayed accurately.
E.M. Denning, Boomerang|Through a veil of tears I watched the city get smaller and smaller. It was funny, because it sort of felt as if my heart was doing the same thing.
Lailah Gifty Akita|My lone desire stands, looking like beauty on a cloud, ripe for my picking, ready for me to ravish and pleasure. Waiting for me to tempt and tease. Satisfy and gratify.
Louise Erdrich, The Antelope Wife|I think she is confused by the way I want her, which is like nobody else. I know this deep down. I want her in a new way, a way she's never been told about.
Michael  Jackson|Human knowledge consists not only of libraries of parchment and ink - it is also comprised of the volumes of knowledge that are written on the human heart, chiselled on the human soul, and engraved on the human psyche. 
Daniel M. Gilbert, Stumbling on Happiness|Not even the most heavily-armed police state can exert brute force to all of its citizens all of the time. Meme management is so much subtler; the rose-tinted refraction of perceived reality, the contagious fear of threatening alternatives.
Sukant Ratnakar, Open the Windows|An entrepreneur is born, when a person has more reasons to drive his dreams against his excuses.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, Creation and Fall Temptation: Two Biblical Studies|Being free means "being free for the other," because the other has bound me to him. Only in relationship with the other am I free
Karolyn Grimes|There are lots of great movies coming out of the U.S. but it's not something I've ever really been interested in. They're great films but I much prefer the smaller independent films, which are more thought provoking and experimental.
Herman Melville|A pedant who beheld Solon weeping for the death of a son said to him, ‘Why do you weep thus, if weeping avails nothing?’ And the sage answered him, ‘Precisely for that reason—because it does not avail.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Any nation that does not learn to place women on the same pedestal of respect and dignity as men, will never in a thousand years attain greatness.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann, Love Poems: Love Conquers All|Where there is love, there is no war.
Jon Krakauer, Into the Wild|I am not afraid of tomorrow, for I have seen yesterday and I love today.
Garth Stein, The Art of Racing in the Rain|I know the truth, and I will tell you now: He was admired, loved, cheered, honored, respected. In life as well as in death. A great man, he is. A great man, he was. A great man he will be. He died that day because his body had served its purpose. His soul had done what it came to do, learned what it came to learn, and then was free to leave. And I knew, as Denny sped me toward the doctor who would fix me, that if I had already accomplished what I set out to accomplish here on earth, if I had already learned what I was meant to learn, I would have left the curb one second later than I had, and I would have been killed instantly by that car. But I was not killed. Because I was not finished. I still had work to do.
nick catricala|There's no point in knowing without enlightenment, yet edified insights arouse movement.
Milan Kundera, Encounter|When his wife was at his side, she was also in front of him, marking out the horizon of his life. Now the horizon is empty: the view has changed.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|To automatically be promoted from one class to another without any serious self- discipline, and self- improvement is a cheap life.
Chetan Bhagat|She wore a fitted gown of gold that shimmered in the dim light. Her regal grace bedazzled him, in spite of his best attempts at feigning disinterest. She was even more beautiful than he remembered.He let his breath out in a hiss.He realized he had stopped breathing. There she was, the woman for whom he had risked everything. Never did he dare to harbor any hope of seeing her again. Yet after five long and bloody years, their paths had crossed once more.
Toni Sorenson|The herd seek out the great, not for their sake but for their influence; and the great welcome them out of vanity or need.
John Geiger|Who you affect is more powerful than who you are at any given moment. Nothing is as enduring as a great memory. In the end, its only intangible ideas, concepts, beliefs, and feelings that last. Stone cracks. Wood rots. Skin dies. But great thoughts, beautiful experiences, and inspiring legends… they live forever. If you can change the way people think and feel, the way they see themselves, and the way they interpret the world, it means you can change the way they live their lives, and how they affect others. That is, by far, the longest lasting thing you can create.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|The tragedy, however, is that you soon realize that the time you thought you had to fulfill the dreams had melted away before your very eyes.
Liu Cixin, The Three-Body Problem|Should could no longer feel grief. She was now like a Geiger counter that had been subjected to too much radiation, no longer capable of giving any reaction, noiselessly displaying a reading of zero.
Ellen Key|The condition of all development is not to be content with the present, but to have the courage to ask how everything can be made better and the good fortune to find a right answer to this question in thought or in action.
Bernard of Clairvaux, On the Song of Songs I|Man's capacity for justice makes democracy possible, but man's inclination to injustice makes democracy necessary.
V.E. Schwab, A Gathering of Shadows|I know where you sleep, Bard." She smirked. "Then you know I sleep with knives.
Anthony T Hincks|It's shocking, isn't it, that a kiss could have led to something so big and violent and full of light as a human being? It makes me dizzy to think of all the things that start that way. Whole families, whole countries, whole worlds. Isn't it strange how a whole life can begin with a little spark?
Julie-Anne|Because I have forgiven my past, and God has forgiven my past, no person can make me denounce my past. It made me who I am today, and the choices I make from this moment on are what will ultimately define me.
Sam Shepard|Plus, I love comic writing. Nothing satisfies me more than finding a funny way to phrase something.
Petar Dunov|Jealousy has always been my cross, the weakness and woundedness in me that has most often caused me to feel ugly and unlovable, like the Bad Seed.
Jim Butcher, White Night|Loneliness is a hard thing to handle. I feel it, sometimes. When I do, I want it to end. Sometimes, when you're near someone, when you touch them on some level that is deeper than the uselessly structured formality of casual civilized interaction, there's a sense of satisfaction in it. Or at least, there is for me. It doesn't have to be someone particularly nice. You don't have to like them. You don't even have to want to work with them. You might even want to punch them in the nose. Sometimes just making that connection is its own experience, its own reward.
Alexandra Katehakis, Mirror of Intimacy: Daily Reflections on Emotional and Erotic Intelligence|The process of dissociation is an elegant mechanism built into the human psychological system as a form of escape from (sometimes literally) going crazy. The problem with checking out so thoroughly is that it can leave us feeling dead inside, with little or no ability to feel our feelings in our bodies. The process of repair demands a re-association with the body, a commitment to dive into the body and feel today what we couldn’t feel yesterday because it was too dangerous.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|Annette sighs. Manfred's been upgrading this robot cat for years, and his ex-wife Pamela used to mess with its neural configuration, too: This is its third body, and it's getting more realistically uncooperative with every hardware upgrade. Sooner or later it's going to demand a litter tray and start throwing up on the carpet.
Brandon Sanderson, The Final Empire|My behavior is nonetheless, deplorable. Unfortunately, I'm quite prone to such bouts of deplorability--take for instance, my fondness for reading books at the dinner table.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Despite how utterly massive they might be, it is never the size of the arsenal nor the strength of the warrior. Rather, it is a heart bent on sacrifice that is the most potent weapon of all.
Jean Donaldson, The Culture Clash|Beauty had just squatted under one of the chairs lining the hallway. A small trickle was creeping across the marble floor.'She's too intelligent to pay mind to me,' Lady Sylvia said blandly. 'All three dogs are French, and they behave just like Frenchmen. Decorative but peevish.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|You might say that you've finally earned the wisdom.Actually, it's the wisdom that has found and formed you.
Cassandra Clare, City of Bones|And next time you're planning to injure yourself to get me attention, just remember that a little sweet talk works wonders.
Shelly Thacker, Forever His|Did I catch ye looking at me?" He knelt beside her and covered her with the plaid...	"I couldn't help myself," she mumbled.	He gave a low chuckle and slid in beside her. His naked arm pulled her close so her head rested on his solid chest.	"Good answer." The smile was evident in his silky voice.
Gareth J. Nelson|The phrase 'the fossil record' sounds impressive and authoritative. As used by some persons it becomes, as intended, intimidating, taking on the aura of esoteric truth as expounded by an elite class of specialists. But what is it, really, this fossil record? Only data in search of interpretation. All claims to the contrary that I know, and I know of several, are so much superstition.
Albert Schweitzer|We have in fact, two kinds of morality, side by side: one which we preach, but do not practice, and another which we practice, but seldom preach.
Dennis Quaid|Sometimes in movies, I still have to be the hero, but it's not all that important to me anymore.
Elizabeth A. Johnson, Quest for the Living God: Mapping Frontiers in the Theology of God|Just as the church needs members with different skills, our world must have various forms of labor, interdependent and thus valuable. A world full of ministers would be without churches, bread for the Lord's Supper, and printed Bibles to read.
Richelle Mead, Silver Shadows|Endless night of Eternal love in the heart of the French Quarter. Tears of Crimson, the New Orleans Vampire Bar.
Chuck Palahniuk, Rant|The big reason why folks leave a small town,' Rant used to say, 'is so they can moon over the idea of going back. And the reason they stay put is so they can moon about getting out.'Rant meant that no one is happy, anywhere.
Richard Dawkins|Why would anybody be intimidated by mere words? I mean, neither I nor any other athiest that I know ever threatens violence. We never threaten to fly planes into skyscrapers. We never threaten suicide bombs. We are very gentle people. All we do is use words to talk about things like the cosmos, the origin of the universe, evolution, the origin of life. What's there to be frightened of? It's just an opinion.
Iván Mándy|You stupid fool, you know very well it's not a short novel, but something longer...A piece of work you've got to buckle down to, that needs peace and concentration. Being able to wake up in the morning and lie in bed for a while. 
Bayode Ojo, Petals Around The Rose|Out of ten people that desire a girl, five people are actually willing to do something to win her heart and from this five, one already has the girl while the other has to fight to win her heart.
Hardik Desai, Xenoland|Humans are often more stupid than they realize. Because of our weaknesses are so easily exploited. Just like a child's clumsy fingers messing up the buttons on a shirt. It's easy to mock someone who buttoned his shirt wrongly. It's easy to mock someone who had buttoned wrongly yet remains oblivious to it. But there are also people who completely fail to realize that they buttoned them all wrongly. Just a moment's error, a wrong choice, traps us on the road of no return. But who can reprimand them for that? Why can't humans be lonely? Why can't we yearn for those right by our side? On such a cold lonely night, who can stand to bear it alone? Imagine the fright when we realize the severity of our mistakes. Whoever said love was a happy affair?
Alexandra Bracken, The Darkest Minds|She shows up everywhere, at any time, like she can guesswhat we’re going to do before we do it.”“The lady is good at what she does,” Liam confirmed.“Can you please not compliment the person trying to drag our asses back to camp?
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Because I am exactly where I should be, doing exactly what I should be doing. That is peace." Pax, Pennypacker.
C. JoyBell C.|It's time that I stop referring to myself, thinking about myself, planning for myself, according to the gridlines and the timelines and the guidelines of people. I will expand in this universe, I will not stay on the lines nor within the lines written by this world.
Debasish Mridha|To teach someone something, appreciate even the slightest improvements and avoid criticism.
Ellen Gilchrist, Victory Over Japan: A Book of Stories|Being a successful student is about more than reading, writing, and 'rithmetic. It's about being a skilled negotiator, a keen observer, and a master planner.
Chris DiSano Davenport, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea|Might I take this moment to give thanks to our loving Creator for supplying us with all our needs for this day and always!” Grampa Foster, The Little People Journey into the Mystic Sea
Sachin sawariya|Love me forever, But Love me for a reason,Let the reason be love & Fun.
James Renner, The Great Forgetting|The thing is, memory is about trust. We have to trust that what we remember is fact. And we have to trust what other people remember for things we never saw.
Kate   O'Neill, Lessons from Los Gatos: How Working at a Startup Called Netflix Made Me a Better Entrepreneur|Nature is a strong brand name. Everybody knew that. First thing, Nomenclature 101. Slap Natural on the package, you were golden. Those words on the package promise ease from metropolitan care, modern worries. And out here, if you opened things up, underneath the cellophane, what did you find inside? That fruit has splendid packaging, it has solid consumer awareness and is an animal favorite. Its seeds will be deposited in spoor miles away and its market dominance will increase. Splendid and beautiful petals are great advertising--the insects buzz and hop from all points every weekend to hit this flower-bed mall. Natural selection was market forces. In business, in the woods: what is necessary to the world will last.
Erich Maria Remarque, All Quiet on the Western Front|We were never very demonstrative in our family; poor folk who toil and are full of cares are not so. It is not their way to protest what they already know. When my mother says to me "dear boy," it means much more than when another uses it.
Tommy Chong|No matter how good you are, at some point your kids are gonna have to create their own independence and think that Mom and Dad aren't cool, just to establish themselves. That's what adolescence is about. They're gonna go through that no matter what.
Laurie Halse Anderson, Chains|She cannot chain my soul. Yes, she could hurt me. She'd already done so...I would bleed, or not. Scar, or not. Live, or not. But she could not hurt my soul, not unless I gave it to her.
Red Red Rover|To emend one's thinking constantly is a desirable practice, and one I often engage in--sometimes to the point of being almost schizophrenic. But there are cases where one should not parade changes just to prove one is up to date. In the field of ideas, as much as in other fields, monogamy is not necessarily a sign of absence of libido.
Sigmund Freud, The Future of an Illusion|Perhaps the hopes I have confessed to are of an illusory nature, too. But I hold fast to one distinction. Apart from the fact that no penalty is imposed for not sharing them, my illusions are not, like religious ones, incapable of correction.
Shinji Moon, The Anatomy of Being|I look at you and see all the ways a soul can bruise, and I wish I could sink my hands into your flesh and light lanterns along your spine so you know that there's nothing but light when I see you.
Corey Ann Haydu, The Careful Undressing of Love|Even when everything hurts, even when other cities are exploding and people we love are disappearing, there’s still space for sweet things.
Terry Pratchett, Equal Rites|You mean it's my destiny?" she said at last.Granny shrugged. “Something like that. Probably. Who knows?
Keith Buckley, Scale: A Novel|Why, after all, did she do these things? Why seek pinnacles and stand drenched in fire? Might it consume her anyhow! Burn her to cinders! Better anything, better brandish one's torch and hurl it to earth than taper and dwindle away
Martin Rees|It is foolish to claim, as some do, that emigration into space offers a long-term escape from Earth's problems. Nowhere in our solar system offers an environment even as clement as the Antarctic or the top of Everest.
|Do you think that your life deserves bigger and better things in abundance? If yes, why then are you still holding yourself back from receiving your blessings?
Lailah Gifty Akita|I am who I am and I am who I was, and I am who I will always be!
Julieanne O'Connor, SPELLING IT OUT FOR YOUR CAREER|The most important part of life is in fact, the journey, and it's happening right now.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|If we are to talk in the language of social constructions, then the construction of the very concepts of the social and the biological must also be elucidated.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|And now, finished with that puzzling mixture of insane intimacy and isolation which is notoriety, Velvet was able to get on quietly to her next adventures.
Alan Joshua, The SHIVA Syndrome|Myths grew from the ancient tradition of passing on knowledge orally, the only means of doing so before writing.They’re narratives of human existence. They helped our ancestors interpret reality, solve problems, and guided social behavior. They structured natural and social information into patterns using symbols, and embedded fact into story form. This increased their impact, making information meaningful and personally involving—not just cold, detached facts.
Kat Dennings|Quentin is very organic; there was no way that he was going to put someone else's hand in there and anyway, my hands are kind of famous. It seemed right.
Michael Thomas Ford, Suicide Notes|So that's it. That's the big secret. I tried to kill myself on New Year's eve. Just like Sadie did last night. Only she really did it. I don't know all the detatils, just the basics. She took a bunch of pills. I don't know what they were or where she got them. I'd like to think they were Wonder Drug. Then at least she could have gone thinking she was flying.
Alan Lee|I've been strongly influenced, in technique as well as subject matter, by some of the early 20th-century book illustrators — Arthur Rackham and Edmund Dulac in particular, Burne-Jones and other Pre-Raphaelites, and the Arts-&-Crafts movement they engendered. I'm continually inspired by Rembrandt, Breughel (I've wondered whether his brilliant "Tower of Babel" had inspired Tolkien's description of Minas Tyrith), Hieronymous Bosch, Albrecht Durer, and Turner; it's not necessarily that they influence my work in any particular direction, more that their example raises my spirits, re-affirms my belief in the power of images to move and delight us, and shows me how much further I have to go, how much is possible. Having visited Venice and Florence for the first time, I am besotted with the Italian Renaissance artists — Botticelli, Bellini, da Vinci and others. Their work is calm, controlled, and yet each face and landscape contains such passion. In Botticelli's paintings, every pebble and every leaf is rendered with a religious devotion; there is reverence inherent in paying such close attention to every stone, turning painting itself into a form of worship, an act of prayer.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Smile Anyway|World peace, true love, and happily-ever-afters amount to wasted wishes, failed endeavors, and most precious dreams.
Jana Kotaishová, Nahr Al-Bared|We are all guests on this earth. We come and we go. All of us. The oppressors and the oppressed, the weak and the strong. We are all here for a mere moment.
Kamaran Ihsan Salih, Latest Proverbs|Study to learn, do not study to pass".
John Geddes|I will not exorcise you—I’d miss your fragrance, the soft tread of your step on the stair
LORINDA MONRREAL|QUERIDA, EL DIA QUE TE DES CUENTA QUE GASTAS TUS DIAS PENSANDO EN LO QUE PUDO HABER SIDO SABRAS QUE TAL VEZ ESTAS MEJOR HACI COMO ESTAS, SOLA.
Anton Chekhov, Selected Stories|They say philosophers and wise men are indifferent. Wrong. Indifference is a paralysis of the soul, a premature death.
Anthony Liccione|Everyone has their own boat, it's a matter of pulling it out of the sand, and putting it in the water. But further, you can anchor the boat in fear when the storms rage, and go nowhere, let it drift aimlessly on its own or you can let God be the navigator and guide you on a journey in a way that is right for you.
Roméo Dallaire, Shake Hands With The Devil|I know there is a God because in Rwanda I shook hands with the devil. I have seen him, I have smelled him and I have touched him. I know the devil exists and therefore I know there is a God.
Anna Quindlen, Still Life with Bread Crumbs|In the absence of uplifting words, Silence is the best choice.
Erik Pevernagie|Man can destroy a mountain within a day, but a Man cannot build a mountain in a single day or the rest of his days
William McDonough, Cradle to Cradle: Remaking the Way We Make Things|Only within the 20th Century has biological thought been focused on ecology, or the relation of the living creature to its environment. Awareness of ecological relationships is — or should be — the basis of modern conservation programs, for it is useless to attempt to preserve a living species unless the kind of land or water it requires is also preserved. So delicately interwoven are the relationships that when we disturb one thread of the community fabric we alter it all — perhaps almost imperceptibly, perhaps so drastically that destruction fol
Oscar Niemeyer|Architecture will always express the technical and social progress of the country in which it is carried out. If we wish to give it the human content that it lacks, we must participate in the political struggle.
Tom Scholz|It is true that power corrupts. The hope at the polling stations and the actions of the elected representatives, unfortunately, often turn to be opposite. The power of ballot turns into the power of wallet. Some law-makers become law-breakers.
Joss Whedon|Make it dark, make it grim, make it tough, but then, for the love of God, tell a joke.
Chris Matakas, The Tao of Jiu Jitsu|When you realize you are no longer made of glass, you lose the desire to demonstrate that fragility in others.
Banana Yoshimoto|Even when I try to stir myself up, I just get irritated because I can't make anything come out. And in the middle of the night I lie here thinking about all this. If I don't get back on track somehow, I'm dead, that's the sense I get. There isn't a single strong emotion inside me.
Manu Joseph, The Illicit Happiness of Other People|No matter what the delusions are, parents do not really know their children
Gaston Leroux, The Phantom of the Opera|There are some beliefs and places in this city that are incomprehensible to some-hell-to most, and it's best to leave them alone.
Scott Lynch, The Republic of Thieves|Get used to gaps in your comprehension,” said Sabetha. “The rest of us certainly have.
Alexandra Potter, Calling Romeo|Hell-on-skis, can you hear me? This is flying cupcake.
Philip Pullman, Clockwork|When I am passing through hell, I have to remind myself of the last time I happened to be on that road. How quickly it was over, without any ingenuity on my part. After all, hell is a one-way street. The only direction forward is the way out.
Christopher Paolini|Let'sss just kill him," said the shorter Ra'zac. "He has caused us much grief." The taller one ran his finger down his sword. "A good plan. But remember, the king's instructions were to keep them alive."-from Eragon, Chapter Title: The Ra'zac's Revenge.
Aubrey Peeples|A lizard is a perfect pet for a model. They only need feeding once a fortnight. And I'm always travelling, so it's perfect. If I had a dog, it would drop dead of starvation.
Franklin D. Roosevelt|For nearly four years you have had an Administration which instead of twirling its thumbs has rolled up its sleeves. We will keep our sleeves rolled up. We had to struggle with the old enemies of peace--business and financial monopoly, speculation, reckless banking, class antagonism, sectionalism, war profiteering. They had begun to consider the Government of the United States as a mere appendage to their own affairs. We know now that Government by organized money is just as dangerous as Government by organized mob.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Dream Thieves|So many of the world's problems, he mused, were solved by sheer human decency.
Tara Brach, Radical Acceptance: Embracing Your Life With the Heart of a Buddha|As I noticed feelings and thoughts appear and disappear, it became increasingly clear that they were just coming and going on their own. . . . There was no sense of a self owning them.
J.M. Barrie, The Little Minister|Love, it is said, is blind, but love is not blind. It is an extra eye, which shows us what is most worthy of regard. To see the best is to see most clearly, and it is the lover's privilege.
John Grierson|Eternal truth, eternal righteousness, eternal love; these only can triumph, for these only can endure.
Rabih Alameddine, I, The Divine: A Novel in First Chapters|Nice is a city of ghosts and specters, but I hope not to become one of them right away.
Seamus Heaney|Poetry should... should strike the reader as a wording of his own highest thoughts, and appear almost a remembrance.
Elizabeth Blackwell|For students today, only 10 percent of children from working-class families graduate from college by the age of 24 as compared to 58 percent of upper-middle-class and wealthy families.
Carlos Salinas, The Little Book of Big Quotes|If and when the world does not meet your expectations, pick up a pen and paper and create your own.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|...but you - women like you are dangerous- ominous – take care, Love – men will first fear you, then later, turn you into a deity...
Teresa Toten, The Unlikely Hero of Room 13B|Perfectionism is the unparalleled defense for emotionally abandoned children. The existential unattainability of perfection saves the child from giving up, unless or until, scant success forces him to retreat into the depression of a dissociative disorder, or launches him hyperactively into an incipient conduct disorder. Perfectionism also provides a sense of meaning and direction for the powerless and unsupported child. In the guise of self-control, striving to be perfect offers a simulacrum of a sense of control. Self-control is also safer to pursue because abandoning parents typically reserve their severest punishment for children who are vocal about their negligence.
Norman Vincent Peale|Where there is righteousness in the heart, there is harmony in the house; when there is harmony in the house, there is order in the nation; when there is order in the nation, there is peace in the world.
W.H. Auden, The Complete Works of W.H. Auden: Prose, Volume II: 1939-1948|A poet is, before anything else, a person who is passionately in love with language.
Lionel Suggs|Fear is the most insidious of weaknesses. You must learn to raze it from your soul, or risk defeat in all you do.
Sunday Adelaja|So you would kill Old Ireland?” Anna Livia said. “You would kill yourself, for without Old Ireland, you wouldn’t be.
J. Matthew Nespoli|There's something to that in both directions," said Ekaterin mildly. "Nothing is more guaranteed to make one start acting like a child than to be treated like one. It's so infuriating. It took me the longest time to figure out how to stop falling into that trap.""Yes, exactly," said Kareen eagerly. "You understand! So—how did you make them stop?""You can't make them—whoever your particular them is—do anything, really," said Ekaterin slowly. "Adulthood isn't an award they'll give you for being a good child. You can waste . . . years, trying to get someone to give that respect to you, as though it were a sort of promotion or raise in pay. If only you do enough, if only you are good enough. No. You have to just . . . take it. Give it to yourself, I suppose. Say, I'm sorry you feel like that, and walk away. But that's hard.
Sesan Kareem|Those who are too arrogant to say thank you find boredom in life. They are often depressed, unhappy and lived an empty life.
Charles Bukowski, Charles Bukowski: Sunlight Here I am - Interviews and Encounters 1963-1993|Death was a friend, and sleep was Death's brother.
Robert Gottlieb|I was lucky enough to be the lady that was asked to be Maria in the Sound Of Music, and that film was fortunate enough to be huge hit. The same with Mary Poppins. I got terribly lucky in that respect.
Rachel Caine, Black Dawn|Even bipolar vampires needed sleep from time to time, and he was well past his recommended safe dosage of stress.
Walt Whitman, Song of Myself|Everything was going according to plan. What caught me off guard, however, was the fact that this eagerly awaited phase brought a sense of loss to me that triggered a whole new wave of soul searching I had not anticipated.
Melody Beattie, The Lessons of Love: Rediscovering Our Passion for Life When It All Seems Too Hard to Take|Read about things that wouldn't keep you up all night long, weeping and tearing out your hair.
Brian Tracy, Maximum Achievement: Strategies and Skills that Will Unlock Your Hidden Powers to Succeed|Never taught to lose, but only win.
John Foster Dulles|War is an instrument entirely inefficient toward redressing wrong; and multiplies, instead of indemnifying losses.
Jeffrey McDaniel|Away from the sea I languish, I suffocate, I die! Ah! I believe that the waves roll their foam in my veins, that in my hair the tempest blows. My raptures and my cries are the echo of the ocean, my beauty is but a reflection of its waves. I feel it beat, roar, and abate by turns. Away from the sea all is ennui and sadness.
Dragotel Viorica|Sitting now...with my eyes wide open and full with amazement...I m realising that there is nothing else more volatile in this universe than human nature. I am a killer? No. I am a lover. I am a lover? No, a pragmatic poet bussines woman. I am happy. Yes. And angry. One second ago, I was sad. Now I am enthusiastic. I wanted to be a man. But I love being a woman.
Daniel Silva, The Kill Artist|He pondered long over this, for might not another man, returning to another valley, have found none of these things? Why was it given to one man to have his pain transmuted into gladness? Why was it given to one man to have such an awareness of God?
Ryan Sheckler|I take a lot of pride in the work I do, because people pay to see me. They've got to get babysitters, park their car, get popcorn and candy. I've got to be conscious of that.
Nick Harkaway, The Gone-Away World|Law is error, you see. It's an attempt to write down a lot of things everyone ought to know anyway.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky|The problem is, that no matter where you work there's going to be people that are so dumb you wonder how the hell they remember to breathe every morning.
Ufuoma Apoki|If ANYTHING is meant to be, it will be ONLY if you work out the methodologies for it to be. Things just don't be because they work themselves out to be, or they want to be. They be because someone conceived them to be, and worked them out to be. Therefore, debunk the idea of leaving your THINGS to be in the fragile gamble of fate. MAKE THEM BE!
Andrew Holleran|Whoever gossips to you will gossip of you"; "It is easier to be critical than correct"- avoid criticism about other officers, and never vent destructive criticism of your service, your unit, or your superiors.
Joaquin Lowe, Bullet Catcher|Why there is word for "End"???, which mean why there is "End",...!?(So far it doesn't exist!?)
Kami Garcia, Beautiful Creatures|You're so full of crap, you could pass for a toilet.
Al Franken|Do the best that you can in the place where you are, and be kind.
Kathleen Norris, Acedia & Me: A Marriage, Monks, and a Writer's Life|Because we are made in God's image, in fleeing from a relationship with a loving God, we are also running from being our most authentic selves.
Harold S. Kushner, When Bad Things Happen to Good People|Your creation was the god's way of showing humans that, the artist in him is still alive.
Gail Carson Levine, Ella Enchanted|Forgive all before you go to sleep, you'll be forgiven before you get up. – Lord Krishna.
Charles Bukowski, Women|The time came to put Iris Duarte back on the plane.It was a morning flight which made it difficult. I wasused to rising at noon; it was a fine cure for hangoversand would add 5 years to my life. I felt no sadnesswhile driving her to L.A. International. The sex hadbeen fine; there had been laughter. I could hardlyremember a more civilized time, neither of us makingany demands, yet there had been warmth, it had notbeen without feeling, dead meat coupled with deadmeat. I detested that type of swinging, the LosAngeles, Hollywood, Bel Air, Malibu, Laguna Beachkind of sex. Strangers when you meet, strangers whenyou part—a gymnasium of bodies namelesslymasturbating each other. People with no morals oftenconsidered themselves more free, but mostly theylacked the ability to feel or to love. So they becameswingers. The dead fucking the dead. There was nogamble or humor in their game—it was corpsefucking corpse. Morals were restrictive, but they weregrounded on human experience down through thecenturies. Some morals tended to keep peopleslaves in factories, in churches and true to the State.Other morals simply made good sense. It was like agarden filled with poisoned fruit and good fruit. Youhad to know which to pick and eat, which to leavealone.
David Amerland, SEO Help: 20 Semantic Search Steps that Will Help Your Business Grow|I knew that (job) had to be a humbling role for my dad, but he never allowed it to become humiliating work.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The Art of Communicating|When we see that some suffering or some pain is coming up, we don't try to run away from it. In fact, we have to go back and take care of it.
Beverly Engel, The Right to Innocence|She told me that my rape was not my fault, that I should feel no shame, that – simple as it may sound – I hadn’t caused it. No one causes rape but rapists. No one causes rape but rapists. No one causes rape but rapists. It was true. And it had not been obvious to me. And hearing it from someone else, a professional, someone who should know, helped me believe that soon I would believe it.
Will Durant, Caesar and Christ|Human beings are no longer born to their place in life, and chained down by an inexorable bond to the place they are born to, but are free to employ their faculties, and such favourable chances as offer, to achieve the lot which may appear to them most desirable.
Charles Frazier, Nightwoods|The flame of urgent coupling burned hottest against the woman, no matter how romantic and high and heartsick the anguish of the man might be pitched in retrospect.
Aldo Leopold, A Sand County Almanac and Sketches Here and There|Find 100 reasons to laugh. You are bound to feel better, you will cope with problems more effectively and people will enjoy being around you. Besides unhappiness, what do you have to lose?
Mia Sosa, One Night with the CEO|He slid his fingers over her jaw and tilted her face up to his. "You're smarter than hell, sexier than hell, and I like you way more than I should," he said.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|In every civilized society, there is an established institution put in place to design laws that make people live civilized and having rights and privileges as citizens of that nation.
J.R.R. Tolkien|I have found that it is the small everyday deed of ordinary folks that keep the darkness at bay. Small acts of kindness and love." ~ Gandalf (J. R. R. Tolkein ~ The Hobbit)
Mother Teresa, Heart of Joy|Do we know our poor people? Do we know the poor in our house, in our family? Perhaps they are not hungry for a piece of bread. Perhaps our children, husband, wife, are not hungry, or naked, or dispossessed, but are you sure there is no one there who feels unwanted, deprived of affection?
