Mark Dunn, Ibid|Denys (Finch-Hatton) has been written about before and he will be written about again. If someone has not already said it, someone will say that he was a great man who never achieved greatness, and this will not only be trite, but wrong; he was a great man who never achieved arrogance.
Larul Andrews|And as I venture into anothers pit of everlasting darkness, I'll return with a simple blackened rose. and with that rose I shall write the stories it tells.
Olly Murs|No one realizes how beautiful it is to travel until he comes home and rests his head on his old, familiar pillow.
George Herbert Mead|The intelligence of the creature known as a crowd, is the square root of the number of people in it.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Prince|Sometimes he wondered if he did these things just to test himself. To see if the feelings had gone. But they had not. When he saw her, he wanted to be with her; when he was with her, he ached to touch her; when he touched even her hand, he wanted to embrace her. He wanted to feel her against him the way he had in the attic. He wanted to know the taste of her skin and the smell of her hair. He wanted to make her laugh. He wanted to sit and listen to her talk about books until his ears fell off. But all these things he could not want, because they were things he could not have, and wanting what you could not have led to misery and madness.
Brigitte Gabriel, Because They Hate|Old enough to remember the arrival of 'Have a nice day', Patrick could only look with alarm on the hyperinflation of 'Have a great one'. Where would this Weimar of bullying cheerfulness end? 'You have a profound and meaningful day now.
Kate Wright, Screenwriting is Storytelling: Creating an A-List Screenplay that Sells!|Writing is like gardening. Planting, watering, and weeding are not enough. You have to prune if you want growth.
Hannah Harrington|No, it's human, Curran said. That's the problem. People, especially unhappy people, want a cause. They want something to belong to, to be a part of something great and bigger, and to be led. It's easy to be a cog in a machine: you don't have to think, you have no responsibility. You're just following orders. Doing as your told.
Matshona Dhliwayo|In light, there is no darkness; and in darkness, there is no light.
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|This kid was writing saying that they were breaking down some of the racial lines in their towns and communities, because their break dance crews were mixed race, and they didn’t give a fuck. They didn’t care what the Klu Klux Klan said.”- Michael Holman (screenwriter, Basquiat)from nthWORD Issue #8, coming soon...
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Faster is fatal, slower is safe.
Sanober  Khan, Turquoise Silence|because some thingssometimesaren't ours to hold,but just beautiful to listen to.
Ameya Agrawal, A Leap Within|The last night of retreat, after Mass, the hundreds of them sat by candlelight in the huge gymnasium. It smelled like incense and whatever hope was made out of.
Ross  Turner, Reaper|And yet the night was still fresh: young as new dawn.There was still time for worlds to change, if that was to be their fate.
Kevin J. Donaldson|Money is not the result, but the BYPRODUCT, of your good leadership.
Robin Wall Kimmerer, Braiding Sweetgrass: Indigenous Wisdom, Scientific Knowledge, and the Teachings of Plants|How generously they shower us with food, literally giving themselves so that we can live. But in the giving their lives are also ensured. Our taking returns benefit to them in the circle of life making life, the chain of reciprocity. Living by the precepts of the Honorable Harvest—to take only what is given, to use it well, to be grateful for the gift, and to reciprocate the gift
Jennifer L. Armentrout, The Return|Seth joined the group of very stern-looking men, and they immediately started talking, their voices too low for me to hear, but it didn’t stop me from trying. I learned fairly quickly that I sucked at reading lips. Everything looked like they were saying “tomatoes” or “I love you” and I doubted that was what was being said.
Julie A. Barnes, All Flavors|She took my papers, the papers that had followed me from the Khobar police station to jail, and pointed at a place where I was supposed to sign. On the paper there was a line for charges. In the blank space, someone had written “driving while female.
Shia LaBeouf|I have to have energy because I have a lot of expenses. A couple of cars, couple of dogs and a big estate.
Ravi Zacharias, Has Christianity Failed You?|I think the reason we sometimes have the false sense that God is so far away is because that is where we have put him. We have kept him at a distance, and then when we are in need and call on him in prayer, we wonder where he is. He is exactly where we left him.
chim|Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later.
Tanith Lee, Best New Horror 16|Love gives you the strength to face an army, vampire or human...Love gives you a reason to press on through the storm. Love helps you think clearly and follow the clues ahead, if you know where they lead.
Lionel Suggs|My conduct with my friends is motivated: each being is, I believe, incapable on his own, of going to the end of being. If he tries, he is submerged within a "private being" which has meaning only for himself. Now there is no meaning for a lone individual: bing alone would of itself reject the "private being" if it saw it as such (if I wish my life to have meaning for me, it is necessary that it have meaning for others: no one would dare give to life a meaning which he alone would perceive, from which life in its entirety would escape, except within himself). At the extreme limit of the "possible", it is true, there is nonsense . . . but only of that which had a prior sense: this is fulguration, even "apotheosis" of nonsense. But I don't attain the extreme limit on my own and, in actual fact, I can't believe the extreme limit attained, for I never remain there. If I had to be the only one having attained it (assuming that I had . . .), it would be as thought it had not occurred. For if there subsisted a satisfaction, as small as I can imagine it to be, it would distance me as much from the extreme limit. I cannot for a moment cease to incite myself to attain the extreme limit, and cannot make a distinction between myself and those with whom I desire to communicate.~George Bataille, "Inner Experience" pg. 42
Don Roff|Merkin had used only one drop of the “just soap.” Two drops would have made her Master walk slightly awkwardly. Three drops would have made a Victorian gentleman utter something really lustful, such as “you transfix me quite.
Jeffrey R. Immelt|This morning's scene is good and fine, Long rain has not harmed the land.
Thomas à Kempis, The Imitation of Christ|Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.
Reese Witherspoon|It's a huge change for your body. You don't even want to look in the mirror after you've had a baby, because your stomach is just hanging there like a Shar-Pei.
Teshima Yusuke 手島悠介|I shall write peace upon your wings,and you shall fly around the worldso that children will no longer haveto die this way.
Thomas Merton, Zen and the Birds of Appetite|Modern man, in so far as he is still Cartesian (he is of course going far beyond Descartes in many respects), is a subject for whom his own self-awareness as a thinking, observing, measuring and estimating "self" is absolutely primary. It is for him the one indubitable "reality," and all truth starts here. The more he is able to develop his consciousness as a subject over against objects, the more he can understand things in their relations to him and one another, the more he can manipulate these objects for his own interests, but also, at the same time, the more he tends to isolate himself in his own subjective prison, to become a detached observer cut off from everything else in a kind of impenetrable alienated and transparent bubble which contains all reality in the form of purely subjective experience. Modern consciousness then tends to create this solipsistic bubble of awareness - an ego-self imprisoned in its own consciousness, isolated and out of touch with other such selves in so far as they are all "things" rather than persons.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Hocus Pocus|That's the point. Every kind of animal thinks its own kind of animal is wonderful. So people getting married think they're wonderful, and that they're going to have a baby-- that's wonderful, when actually they're as ugly as rhinoceroses. Just because we think we're so wonderful doesn't mean we really are. We could be really terrible animals and just never admit it because it would hurt so much.
Lamees Alhassar|The future takes care of itself, and we should instead focus on taking care of the present. Try to make it pleasant and happy.
Alain de Botton, Religion for Atheists: A Non-Believer's Guide to the Uses of Religion|Tolerance is not a Christian value. Charity, justice, mercy, prudence, honesty--these are Christian values.
Gustavo Gutiérrez, A Theology of Liberation|Charity is today a 'political charity.'. . . it means the transformation of a society structured to benefit a few who appropriate to themselves the value of the work of others. This transformation ought to be directed toward a radical change in the foundation of society, that is, the private ownership of the means of production.
Lupita Nyong'o|I was afraid of being a failure, of not having the best time or of being chicken. But every year I get older I think, What was I fearing last year?' You forget. And then you move on.
Philip   Dodd, Klubbe the Turkle and the Golden Star Coracle|Perhaps the god who had made the Cat People intended them as a joke. They had schools, but no education; politicians but no government; people, but no personal integrity; faces, but no concept of face. One had to admit that their god had gone a little too far with his little joke.
Karl Lagerfeld|What i like about photographs is that they capture a moment that’s gone forever, impossible to reproduce.
Pope Benedict XVI|Are we not perhaps all afraid in some way? If we let Christ enter fully into our lives, if we open ourselves totally to him, are we not afraid that He might take something away from us? Are we not perhaps afraid to give up something significant, something unique, something that makes life so beautiful? Do we not then risk ending up diminished and deprived of our freedom? . . . No! If we let Christ into our lives, we lose nothing, nothing, absolutely nothing of what makes life free, beautiful and great. No! Only in this friendship are the doors of life opened wide. Only in this friendship is the great potential of human existence truly revealed. Only in this friendship do we experience beauty and liberation. And so, today, with great strength and great conviction, on the basis of long personal experience of life, I say to you, dear young people: Do not be afraid of Christ! He takes nothing away, and he gives you everything. When we give ourselves to him, we receive a hundredfold in return. Yes, open, open wide the doors to Christ – and you will find true life. Amen.
Gaston Bachelard, The Poetics of Space|Here the phenomenologist has nothing in common with the literary critic who, as has frequently been noted, judges a work that he could not create and, if we are to believe certain facile condemnations, would not want to create. A literary critic is a reader who is necessarily severe. By turning inside out like a glove an overworked complex that has become debased to the point of being part of the vocabulary of statesmen, we might say that the literary critic and the professor of rhetoric, who know-all and judge-all, readily go in for a simplex of superiority. As for me, being an addict of felicitous reading, I only read and re-read what I like, with a bit of reader's pride mixed in with much enthusiasm.
Thomas Paine, Rights of Man|What are the present governments of Europe, but a scene of iniquity and oppression? What is that of England? Do not its own inhabitants say, It is a market where every man has his price, and where corruption is common traffic, at the expense of a deluded people? No wonder, then, that the French Revolution is traduced.
Farshad Asl|Let me make this clear. The definition of being committed is not just trying, being interested, or promising that it will be done someday, sometime, somewhere. The true definition of being committed is getting things done with absolutely no excuses, an unshakeable and undeniable passion and an uncompromising integrity.
Phindiwe Nkosi, Behind the Hospital|You don't have to be a professional to express an experienced opinion. Often times, the professionals are silent...or biased...
Seja Majeed, The Forgotten Tale of Larsa|Put all your pain on a piece of paper, write it all down, every experience, every ache, every hurtful moment. Then take a match, and set fire to that piece of paper. All the hurt you have inside you is burning just as it burnt inside of you, until it is completely gone. From this moment forward you are free. Nothing can harm you. No past. No present. No future. You are reborn into water, and nothing in the entirety of this world can set fire to water, nor crush it. Whatever pressures you face, you will float. Whatever tries to sink you, you will rise up. Today, right now, in this moment, you are a warrior. Now smile, it will set fire to those who sought to burn you...
Charles   Lee, The Way To Dawn: Ascension Zero|Do you see what this pure feeling ‘love’ can do to people? Just now, I know you wanted to take my head off. But if love is so pure, why do so many die in the name of love? It’s a poison. It enters your body and slowly makes you do impulsive things you wouldn’t normally do. People kill themselves because they want to be with their love. People kill others because they want to be with their love. And people kill their love because they want to be with their love. All in the name of love, but in the end, someone dies.
Angela Lynne Craig, Pivot Leadership: Small Steps...Big Change|It is not enought to be busy, so are the ants. The question is: What are we busy about?
Rachel Zoe|I believe love at first sight is possible. Centuries of literature and art and beauty has been dedicated to that idea, so who am I to argue, even if I've never experienced it?
Stephen King|It's how we see the world that keeps the darkness beyond at bay. Keeps it from pouring through and devouring us. I think all of us might know that, way down deep.
Hans Keilson|You know-portraits are odd things." "How do you figure?" I asked. "Well at the time, that portrait told the whole story. It told the truth. We were a family-a happy family. Now that same portrait just looks like a lie.
Michel de Montaigne|I can’t curse those who don't believe as I do. I can’t express hate or disdain for those who criticize what I hold dear. I can’t outshout, bully, or taunt them. I can’t exercise the liberty of free speech because I answer to a higher law.I answer to the Word of God.
Adriana Trigiani, The Shoemaker's Wife|If you look around to find meaning in everything that happens, you will end up disappointed. Sometimes there aren’t reasons behind the terrible things that go on. I ask myself, If I knew all the answers, would it help? I lie awake and wonder why I don’t have parents and wonder what will become of my brother and me. But when the morning comes, I realize that there’s nothing to be done about what has already happened. I can only get up and do my chores and push through the day and find the good in it.
Miri Yū|The crimes of children reproduce themselves, closing their victims in cages built of nightmares.
Imam Khalid Latif|Whether you are a man or woman, make sure that you see the person that you are considering to build a relationship with for who they are, not what you want them to be.
Debasish Mridha|If you do not enjoy a moment, you lose it forever. If you enjoy it, it is yours forever.
Steven Pressfield, The War of Art: Break Through the Blocks & Win Your Inner Creative Battles|Like a magnetized needle floating on a surface of oil, Resistance will unfailingly point to true North - meaning that calling or action it most wants to stop us from doing.We can use this. We can use it as a compass. We can navigate by Resistance, letting it guide us to that calling or action that we must follow before all others.
Sunday Adelaja|For life to go your way, you must equip yourself with the power of change.
Megan Abbott, The End of Everything|This girl, this girl, and he a man with a business and a secretary and a house with a furnace and bills and a son and a roof with three shingles and a pretty birdpath made of stone that I sometimes see Mrs.Shaw, her tied back with a scarf, cleaning with a dainty skimmer.How does this man, a man like this, like any of them, come to walk at night and stand in a girl’s backyard, and then, smoking and looking up, suddenly feel himself helpless to bher bright magic?
Tarun Betala|Some of us manage to think bigger, brighter, deeper thoughts. Some of these thoughts already shape the kind of research we do. Some of them will prove to be right, and our understanding of our home will deepen. Our home, one day, will be less of a mystery to us.
Joanna Bourke, What It Means To Be Human|Sir, — Whether women are the equals of men has been endlessly debated; whether they have souls has been a moot point; but can it be too much to ask [for a definitive acknowledgement that at least they are animals?… Many hon. members may object to the proposed Bill enacting that, in statutes respecting the suffrage, 'wherever words occur which import the masculine gender they shall be held to include women;' but could any object to the insertion of a clause in another Act that 'whenever the word "animal" occur it shall be held to include women?' Suffer me, thorough your columns, to appeal to our 650 [parliamentary] representatives, and ask — Is there not one among you then who will introduce such a motion? There would then be at least an equal interdict on wanton barbarity to cat, dog, or woman… Yours respectfully, AN EARNEST ENGLISHWOMAN
Douglas Adams, Life, the Universe and Everything|Reaching out, I grab his hand and intertwine my fingers with his. And I move into his space until we're not even an inch from each other. Laying my forehead on his chest, I take a deep breath and feel his whole body relax, as if tension is rolling off his body in waves.I was always the kid who loved the smell of gasoline.His free hand comes up, and his fingers slip through my hair before his hand settles between my shoulder blades."Ben," I say into his shirt."Janelle," he whispers back, and I can feel his mouth against my hair. I can feel him smile.
Ursula Burns|I think that in any group activity - whether it be business, sports, or family - there has to be leadership or it won't be successful.
Santino Hassell, Fade|Smartass Disciple: Does stupidity a sin? Master of Stupidity: No stupidity, no sin.
Dada Bhagwan|Those who eat what is rightfully theirs, will incarnate as humans. Those who take what is not theirs by right, will incarnate as animals. Those who give away to others, what is rightfully their own, will incarnate as celestial beings. Those who hurt others and take away from them what is not theirs by right; will take birth in hell.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Communication: 8 Ways to Confirm Clarity & Understanding for Positive Impact|ASK YOURSELF: How can you utilize active listening to provide sensational customer service? How will this help resolve complaints from unhappy customers?•	Give them your full attention and listen without interruption or defensiveness.•	Thank them for bringing the issue to your attention.•	Take their concerns seriously and share their sense of urgency to resolve the problem quickly.•	Ask questions and focus on what they are really saying. •	Listen to their words, tone of voice, body language, and most importantly, how they feel. •	Beware of making assumptions or rushing to conclusions before you hear their concern fully.•	Explain, guide, educate, assist, and do what’s necessary to help them reach the resolution.•	Treat them with respect and empathy.When you do an amazing job of resolving an unhappy customer’s problem, you may end up impressing them more than if the problem had never occurred. You may have just earned their loyalty . . . forever!
Andrew Kaufman, All My Friends are Superheroes|We’re here,’ the Clock says.The Perfectionist opens her eyes. She sees nothing. It’s white. All white. There’s no up. There’s no down. No horizon. Nothing. It’s just white.‘Clock, what is this?’ asks the Perfectionist. Her voice is shaky.‘This is the future.’‘This is the future?’ the Perfectionist asks. Her mouth is dry. She forces herself to swallow.‘Why is the future like this?’‘Because it hasn’t happened yet,’ says the Clock
Vikram Chandra, Red Earth and Pouring Rain|Time is your cathedral. You know the present is only a pretty illusion in the minds of men. And I think you know that nothing has ever passed away, not entirely.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If he's not a wreck without you, you married the wrong man.
Dr. J. Otis Yoder, Biblical Economics|When we begin to think like everybody else thinks, that is dangerous. Individualism is part of our divine endowment. God made us as individuals and we are responsible before Him.
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|He said that when you want to change things, you can't please everyone. If you do please everyone, you aren't making enough progress. Mark was right.
Joseph Conrad, The Secret Agent|Realize that by hurting your own characters, you are not a sadist. You are not deliberately hurting your loved ones merely to watch them suffer. You’re giving a gift. You’re helping them grow and develop. Your characters take on deeper meaning to become more alive on your pages. They’ll become real.
C.G. Jung|The Wrong we have Done, Thought, or Intended Will wreak its Vengeance onOur SOULS.
Dara Reidyr|As time heads towards the cliff of the unknown, there are those who will be hated and pushed to the fringes. Those who look inward will have the advantage; seeking fulfillment anywhere else will only lead to a dead end and disillusionment. Those who are marginalized, are also uniquely gifted- focus on those gifts that will speak to the truth of the matter and stand your ground. Your intuition and consciousness bears light to the truth.
JJM|The saddest part is, no one has missed me, no one would even know if I had died couple of days ago. So my dead body would just lay here, abandoned, without anyone noticing or thinking about where I am. Maybe I am not just important…just mistake, outcast, person who is easy to forget and leave behind
Jorge Luis Borges, The Garden of Forking Paths|I kept asking myself how a book could be infinite. I could not imagine any other than a cyclic volume, circular. A volume whose last page would be the same as the first and so have the possibility of continuing indefinitely.
Farshad Asl, The "No Excuses" Mindset: A Life of Purpose, Passion, and Clarity|In a world where the larger majority of society is careless, it’s the small percentage of people who make the choice to be different and prioritize relationships that stand out.
Wernher von Braun|All one can really leave one's children is what's inside their heads. Education, in other words, and not earthly possessions, is the ultimate legacy, the only thing that cannot be taken away.
Graham Taylor|In the kind of world we have today, transformation of humanity might well be our only real hope for survival.
Neal Ascherson, Wojtek the Bear: Polish War Hero|...I've learned that doing what you think is right doesn't always make you feel good. For another, I've learned that sometimes you just have to keep on going when you want to do nothing but drop. And that just doing the everyday things, like keeping a shop running or getting up every morning, will keep the work going until things can straighten out again. And doing those things right every day soon becomes more important than the more pressing issues of the time.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|At its deepest level, prayer is fellowship with God: enjoying His company, waiting upon His will, thanking Him for His mercies . . . listening in the silence for what He has to say to us.
Shannon Hale, Midnight in Austenland|But, how do you know if an ending is truly good for the characters unless you've traveled with them through every page?
Hani.N|If the world needs to end on its own choice, it would have end by now.
Kaylea Cross, Collateral Damage|Don’t do this,” he begged hoarsely against her temple, crumbling inside. Honor wasn’t the type to make empty threats or do something like this on a whim. No, she meant it and was prepared to go through with it. He had one last shot to change her mind, right now, before he lost her forever. So no, even he wasn’t above begging if that’s what it took to make her stay and work this out. “You said you still love me,” he whispered brokenly. He was holding onto that for all it was worth. It had to be enough. He squeezed her tighter. “I know you’re scared and I know you’re hurting but… Don’t do this. Don’t walk away. Please.” Don’t leave me. She’d never know how much it cost him to beg her this way, but he was so damn scared right now he didn’t care how pathetic it made him look. He’d do or say f-ing whatever it took to get her to listen to reason, make her change her mind. Anything except agreeing to live a lie and hide his true feelings for her from the rest of the world, no matter what the reason. A sob tore out of her. Honor stopped shoving at him. She wound her arms around his back and squeezed so hard he felt the muscles in her arms tremble. Liam closed his eyes and pressed his face against her hair, that painful bubble of hope surfacing again. He could feel her torment, her pain. If he could just calm her down long enough to get her to listen, really listen and then think this through… “Sweet pea, just listen to me,” he began softly. “No, I can’t.” Honor tore away from him and grabbed the doorknob. Before he could recover enough to reach out and stop her, she’d slammed the door shut behind her. Gone.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|I hold another creed, which no one ever taught me, and which I seldom mention, but in which I delight, and to which I cling, for it extends hope to all; it makes eternity a rest - a mighty home, not a terror and an abyss. Besides, with this creed, I can so clearly distinguish between the criminal and his crime; I can so sincerely forgive the first while I abhor the last; with this creed, revenge never worries my heart, degradation never too deeply disgusts me, injustice never crushes me too low. I live in calm, looking to the end.
Alison Brie|I'm still waiting for someone to call me to cater their wedding. But that's gonna cost you. If you want my cousin Jerez to play the sax, that's going to cost you a little more. The sky's the limit after that.
Frederick Espiritu, The Path to Awesomeness: Becoming Super, Being Human|Creativity is a work of the hand of God, and is therefore an art of Love. If we want to create something in our lives, we have to allow God’s hand to weave through our hearts, so we can carry out the work of the soul – our Divine purpose in life.
Ann Brashares, My Name Is Memory|Miss B. says, "It's a mama's faith what keeps her children right. I'm not talkin' 'bout the churchgoin' kind, neither. Miss Mabel's got faith in goodness. Tell me you can't help but believe in it too just by lookin' at her.
M.R. James, Lost Hearts|There was an ocean above us, held in by a thin sac that might rupture and let down a flood at any second.
Murray N. Rothbard|Free-market capitalism is a network of free and voluntary exchanges in which producers work, produce, and exchange their products for the products of others through prices voluntarily arrived at.
Kara Swisher|I'm a humor writer, so I don't always present myself in the best light.
Jennifer Brown, Hate List|Just like there's always time for pain, there's always time for healing.
Autumn Morning Star|I have no flaws, I'm perfect at being imperfect.
Kamand Kojouri|Roses are wilting, Violets are dead,The sugar bowl is empty,and so is your head.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|And I can promise you something, because it was a thing I saw many years later - a vision in the book thief herself - that as she knelt next to Hans Hubermann, she watched him stand and play the accordion. He stood and strapped it on in the alps of broken houses and played the accordion with kindness silver eyes and even a cigarette slouched on his lips. The bellows breathed and the tall man played for Liesel Meminger one last time as the sky was slowly taken away from her.
Abhijit Naskar, The Islamophobic Civilization: Voyage of Acceptance|Inside a jihadi brain, the neuropsychological elements of aggression and rage run rampant, due to socio-political conditions. These overwhelming mental elements of young souls, when attached to the sacred texts of the Quran, by the authoritarian groups of fundamentalists, become weapons of mass destruction in the pursuit of the exclusive supremacy of one religion over the others.
David Abram, Becoming Animal: An Earthly Cosmology|Breathing involves a continual oscillation between exhaling and inhaling, offering ourselves to the world at one moment and drawing the world into ourselves at the next...
Lorri Davis, Yours for Eternity: A Love Story on Death Row|What I want to impart through our correspondence is that no matter what anyone may be going through, here's the thing: If you love each other, and if your relationship is worth the pain or the hardship, stay with it. The extraordinary treasure of sharing another person's life is one of the most gratifying experiences of being a human being.
Christopher Moore, Fool|I love you above all things, even pie.
Bear Grylls, Mud, Sweat and Tears|Girls aside, the other thing I found in the last few years of being at school, was a quiet, but strong Christian faith – and this touched me profoundly, setting up a relationship or faith that has followed me ever since.I am so grateful for this. It has provided me with a real anchor to my life and has been the secret strength to so many great adventures since.But it came to me very simply one day at school, aged only sixteen.As a young kid, I had always found that a faith in God was so natural. It was a simple comfort to me: unquestioning and personal.But once I went to school and was forced to sit through somewhere in the region of nine hundred dry, Latin-liturgical, chapel services, listening to stereotypical churchy people droning on, I just thought that I had got the whole faith deal wrong.Maybe God wasn’t intimate and personal but was much more like chapel was … tedious, judgemental, boring and irrelevant.The irony was that if chapel was all of those things, a real faith is the opposite. But somehow, and without much thought, I had thrown the beautiful out with the boring. If church stinks, then faith must do, too.The precious, natural, instinctive faith I had known when I was younger was tossed out with this newly found delusion that because I was growing up, it was time to ‘believe’ like a grown-up.I mean, what does a child know about faith?It took a low point at school, when my godfather, Stephen, died, to shake me into searching a bit harder to re-find this faith I had once known.Life is like that. Sometimes it takes a jolt to make us sit and remember who and what we are really about.Stephen had been my father’s best friend in the world. And he was like a second father to me. He came on all our family holidays, and spent almost every weekend down with us in the Isle of Wight in the summer, sailing with Dad and me. He died very suddenly and without warning, of a heart attack in Johannesburg.I was devastated.I remember sitting up a tree one night at school on my own, and praying the simplest, most heartfelt prayer of my life.‘Please, God, comfort me.’Blow me down … He did.My journey ever since has been trying to make sure I don’t let life or vicars or church over-complicate that simple faith I had found. And the more of the Christian faith I discover, the more I realize that, at heart, it is simple. (What a relief it has been in later life to find that there are some great church communities out there, with honest, loving friendships that help me with all of this stuff.)To me, my Christian faith is all about being held, comforted, forgiven, strengthened and loved – yet somehow that message gets lost on most of us, and we tend only to remember the religious nutters or the God of endless school assemblies.This is no one’s fault, it is just life. Our job is to stay open and gentle, so we can hear the knocking on the door of our heart when it comes.The irony is that I never meet anyone who doesn’t want to be loved or held or forgiven. Yet I meet a lot of folk who hate religion. And I so sympathize. But so did Jesus. In fact, He didn’t just sympathize, He went much further. It seems more like this Jesus came to destroy religion and to bring life.This really is the heart of what I found as a young teenager: Christ comes to make us free, to bring us life in all its fullness. He is there to forgive us where we have messed up (and who hasn’t), and to be the backbone in our being.Faith in Christ has been the great empowering presence in my life, helping me walk strong when so often I feel so weak. It is no wonder I felt I had stumbled on something remarkable that night up that tree.I had found a calling for my life.
K. Hari Kumar|Writing is a craft, being an author is work, and having readers and a following is a gift.
Elvis Presley|Sooner or later, those who win are those who think they can.
A.E. Samaan|You either limit the government, or you limit the scope of your life. Why is the government that precious to you in the first place?
Sami Abouzid|People just don’t get it, we don’t need someone to control our life, we need someone to share it, relationships are falling apart cause they keep digging in our past , they don’t wanna let it Rest In Peace
Anthony Doerr, Memory Wall|First impression is really Last impression..I have observed this thing that in my life. Whenever, I observed any one by their first impression at the end I got same manner which I had observed.. People pretend themselves but reality occurs from their first impression.Those people whom I thought they are not good at the end I can comment on them with these same words as I passed before on their first impression. No matter how good they were but they have shown what they are as they expressed from first impression.But the people who express their first impression very kindly and gently for them I can say they are my friends how ever those people fought but they always be with me in my trouble or difficulties.So, definitely yes first impression is last impressionReality occurs from first observation but should be the clever eye
|Living one's life as if it is a competition between oneself and others, is an inevitable path to a stressful life.
Stephen King, It|Unless a man becomes the enemy of an evil, he will not even become its slave but rather its champion.
Mensah Oteh|Plan your work, then work your plan.
Toba Beta, Betelgeuse Incident: Insiden Bait Al-Jauza|...and she's thinking of rage, like an ember or a burning acid swallowing up her knotted viscera. Blindness like the kind that leads men to perpetrate horrors, animal drunkenness, the jungles of the mind.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|There is just one true God (I AM), and He is the giver of life! We have just one lifetime chance to live life! Let us therefore devote our one lifetime to His service, in truth and in spirit, loving Him fully with our lips, mind and heart, no matter what, with all necessary humility, courage and true understanding, knowing that regardless who we are, as we live or when death ends our journey of life, we remain accountable to the giver of life!
Poppet, Ryan|Facing him as I lower the glass from my lips, he's giving me one of those intense moonlit stares.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When the reality is no different than a beautiful dream, stick tightly to that reality!
Virginia Woolf, A Room of One's Own|What is meant by 'reality'? It would seem something very erratic, very undependable-now to be found in a dusty road, now in a scrap of newspaper in the street, now in a daffodil in the sun. It lights up a group in a room and stamps some casual saying. It overwhelms one walking home beneath the stars and makes the silent world more real than the world of speech-and then there it is again in an omnibus in the uproar of Picadilly.
Válgame, Poemas y canciones para el mal de amores Volumen1|If you tell me bad things about someone, you're telling bad things about me behind me
George Martin, With a Little Help from My Friends: The Making of Sgt. Pepper|We stood there for a minute or two, with John swaying gently against my arm. 'I'm feeling better,' he announced. Then he looked up at the stars. 'Wow..' he intoned. 'Look at that! Isn't that amazing?".I followed his gaze. The stars did look good but they didn't look that good. It was very unlike John to be over the top in that way. I stared at him. He was wired-pin-sharp and quivering, resonating away like a human tuning fork.No sooner had John uttered his immortal words about the stars than George and Paul came bursting out on the roof. They had come tearing up from the studio as soon as they found out where we were. They knew why John was feeling unwell. Maybe everyone else did, too - everyone except for father-figure George Martin here!It was very simple. John was tripping on LSD. He had taken it by mistake, they said - he had meant to take an amphetamine tablet. That hardly made any difference, frankly; the fact was that John was only too likely to imagine he could fly, and launch himself off the low parapet that ran around the roof. They had been absolutely terrified that he might do so. I spoke to Paul about this night many years later, and he confirmed that he and George had been shaken rigid when they found out we were up on the roof. They knew John was having a what you might call a bad trip. John didn't go back to Weybridge that night; Paul took him home to his place, in nearby Cavendish Road. They were intensely close, remember, and Paul would do almost anything for John. So, once they were safe inside, Paul took a tablet of LSD for the first time, 'So I could get with John' as he put it- be with him in his misery and fear.What about that for friendship?
Vironika Tugaleva|When you have defined yourself, circumstances don’t define you – they only refine you.
A.F. Stewart, Killers and Demons II: They Return|Todd’s wife was one of those women with a forced smile perpetually cemented on her face. Even after being chased by a mob of homicidal maniacs and attempting to barricade doors with barstools she kept up appearances, practicing for the days when her husband would be running for public office. When she saw her son poking at their former mail carrier’s dead body a look of utter horror came across her face for the slightest instant. She caught herself and put that smile back on so quickly Will wondered if she might have pulled a few cheek muscles.	“Trevor!” she hissed through clenched teeth. “Trevor, you get away from that this instant! You don’t know what kind of diseases that man had. Children shouldn’t play with dead things.”	Will looked at Todd and smirked. “Cute kid. How many of those things do you think are out there?
Daniel Kahneman|Social media has allowed groups, such as ISIL, to use the Internet to spot and assess potential recruits. With the widespread horizontal distribution of social media, terrorists can identify vulnerable individuals of all ages in the United States - spot, assess, recruit, and radicalize - either to travel or to conduct a homeland attack.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Push, push. Push harder!
Artie Lange|I'm no expert. I have no psychic powers, and I sure don't possess any secret wisdom. I'm just Janet. I have strengths, weaknesses, fears, happiness, sadness. I experience joy and I experience pain. I'm highly emotional. I'm very vulnerable.
Bonnie Raitt|Religion is for those who are scared of hell, and spirituality is for those who have been there.
Apryl Baker, Touch Me Not|I remembered some lines from the papers: our nuclear stations are absolutely safe, we could build one on Red Square, they're safer than samovars. They're like stars and we'll "light" the whole earth with them.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|I finally made friends with my father when I entered my twenties. We had so little in common when I was a boy, and I am certain I had been a disappointment to him. He did not ask for a child with a book of its own world. He wanted a son who did what he had done: swam and boxed and played rugby, and drove cars at speed with abandon and joy, but that was not what he had wound up with.
Scott Walker|What we bring to the table is not only our 56 field offices in the United States and our number of resident agencies, but also we have 45 legal attaches overseas.
Adriana Lima|The public is increasingly disgusted with a steady diet of defamation, and prepared to reward those who refrain from it.
Frank Herbert, Dune Messiah|We may now understand better, too, why my father was so fond of the story of the butler who failed to panic on discovering a tiger under the dining table; it was because he knew instinctively that somewhere in this story lay the kernel of what true ‘dignity’ is.
Elle Kennedy, Midnight Alias|Kane couldn't remember the last time he'd had a real conversation with a female. His chats with women consisted of sentences like "Do you like that, babe?" or "Roll over, I want to screw you from behind.
Ramez Naam, Crux|The world has a very serious problem, my friend' Shiva went on. 'Poor children still die by their millions. Westerners and the global rich -- like me -- live in post-scarcity society, while a billion people struggle to get enough to eat. And we're pushing the planet towards a tipping point, where the corals die and the forests burn and life becomes much, much harder. We have the resources to solve those problems, even now, but politics and economics and nationalism all get in the way. If we could access all those minds, though...
Chevy Chase|You know, many people who become famous and enjoy great success when they're young disappear after that. Maybe I've lucked out because I came back and went to work.
Anne Brontë, The Tenant of Wildfell Hall|It just took some people a little longer than others to realize how few words they needed to get by, how much of life they could negotiate in silence.
Gail Honeyman, Eleanor Oliphant is Completely Fine|If we didn't already have libraries, they would now have to be invented. They are the keys to American success in fully exploiting the information superhighways of the future.
Lisi Harrison, Monster High|Question.""Yes," Candace asked expectantly, eyes fixed on the dark street ahead."Have you ever had to chose sides between a friend and a boyfriend?"Candace nodded."Which side are you suppose to pick?""The right one.""What if they're both right?""They're not.""But they are," Melody insisted. "That's the problem.""No." Candace slowly rolled past a police cruiser. "They both think they're right. But who do you think is right? Which side represents the thing you think is worth fighting for?"Melody glanced out the window as though she was expecting the answer to be revealed on a neighbor's lawn. Every house except hers had the lights turned off. "I dunno.""You do," Candace insisted. "You just don't have the courage to be honest with yourself. Because then you'd have to do the thing you don't want to do, and you hate doing anything that's hard. Which is why you gave up singing and why you have no life and why you've always been a -""Um okay! Can we get back to the part where you were sounding like Oprah?""I'm just saying, Melly, what would you do if you weren't afraid? That's your answer. That's your side." She turned into the circular driveway and put the SUV in PARK. "And if you don't choose it, you're lying to yourself and everyone around you." She opened the door and grabbed her purse. "Oprah out!"The door slammed behind her.
Edith Wharton, The Age of Innocence|..but it seemed to him that the tie between husband and wife, if breakable in prosperity, should be indissoluble in misfortune.
Marlon Pierre-Antoine, Wandering Stars|They say love is blind...but it isn't. Love is perfect sight. Love is the ability to see a person, I mean really see him-his strengths, his weaknesses, his flaws, all his past triumphs and mistakes-and view that person not as the world says you're supposed to see him, but as you see him-as that special someone you know you will always embrace, body and soul, no matter what anyone else says or thinks  I know I can't tell anyone what I've been through. I know they wouldn't understand. They don't see him the way that I see him. All they know is the legend, the darkness. They don't know the inner beauty, the warmth and the joy more intense than anything I ever thought was possible to experience. They don't know the truth behind the name. My angel. My only. Lucifer.
Auliq-Ice|Claudius, you're luckier than you realize. Guard your appointment jealously. Don't let anyone usurp it.""What do you mean, girl?""I mean that people don't kill their butts. They are cruel to them, they frighten them, they rob them, but they don't kill them.
Brandon Sanderson, Firefight|Invalidating a woman’s life choices by saying things like, “Oh, but you’ll regret it if you don’t have kids,” or, “I didn’t think I wanted kids either until I had one,” is like me going to an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting and telling the newly sober that eventually when they grow old, they’ll want to take the edge off with a little gin and tonic and that if they could only just be mature enough to control themselves, they could go on a fun wine-tasting tour in the Napa Valley.
Jerry Lewis|Friendship... is not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|It's not a concert you are seeing, it's a fashion show.
JohnPilger|Technology is a means, not an end, no matter how brilliant it appears. How we use digital technology, exploit it and benefit from it depends on old-fashioned political concepts of how we treat each other: how we approach class, race, gender and war and peace. Nothing has changed in that regard. At present, we are ruled by an extreme version of capitalism called 'neoliberalism'. Technology in the service of any extremism has a catastrophic history.
Lauren Myracle, Shine|If everyone started off the day singing, just think how happy they'd be.
Patrick McGrath, Asylum|Nixon didn't mellow with his success, he became embittered by it.
David Bergen|My history teacher was utterly terrifying, but her lessons were very inspiring. She got me interested in people and stories, which then led me to acting.
Debasish Mridha|In the garden of humanity there are tigers and lion, deer and doves. Deer and doves live carefully but with beauty and joy.
Quincy Jones|The only justification for looking down on anyone, is that you're going to stop and pick them up.
EverSkeptic|Yeah," Chris said. "I lose a couple limbs getting drunk and falling into harvesting combine, I'm an idiot. I lose the same limbs because I happened to be standing next to the right door when the ship was damaged, I'm a hero.
Isaac Asimov, Tales of the Black Widowers|Have you ever come across something you couldn't explain?""Explain in what way? I could explain a ghost by saying, 'yes, that's a ghost.' I take it that's not what you mean.
Farrah Naseem|In this moment, everything is sacred.
Todd William, Mind Games: 25 Thought Experiments to Ignite Your Imagination|Though our collective level of knowledge may always be defined by a certain set of answers, we are never limited by the questions we may pose.
Donavan Nelson Butler, Master Sergeant US Army|When leaders lack expertise, nothing else works
Joseph Heller|Some men are born mediocre, some men achieve mediocrity, and some men have mediocrity thrust upon them.
Anusha Atukorala|Rather nice night, after all. Stars are out and everything. Exceptionally tasty assortment of them.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|If you thought better of me, you would not be so surprised
Paul Aertker, Brainwashed|You're going to have to settle on one eventually. Why not save us both the hassle, close your eyes and point. Whoever you're pointing at will be our winner." "I've played that game once before. Ended up--" Paris shuddered. "Never mind. It's not good to wander down that particular memory trail. So no. Just no.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|When you are able to know the right thing, you are intelligent. But when you choose that right thing to do, you are wise. This means people can get money, education, marriage, and good health and not get wisdom. Wisdom is the number one gift for a Godly success.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|There is a great identity crisis among students today. Who am I? What is the purpose of life? Where did I come from? Where am I going? The Bible has a direct answer to this great big philosophical question and unless God seals the vacuum among youth today, then some other ideology will, because young people must have a faith. They must believe in something to find fulfillment in their lives.
Lauren Oliver, Hana|This is one of my favorite things about the Underground: the crashing of the cymbals, the screeching guitar riffs, music that moves into the blood and makes you feel hot and wild and alive.
Jim Bishop|The first time I got pregnant, I was a young girl - I was 17 years old. Although I knew right away that I wanted to keep my child, being a pregnant teen was an extremely scary experience for me. Luckily, my family and friends were very supportive and were there for me every step of the way.
C.S. Lewis, The Problem of Pain|The settled happiness and security which we all desire, God withholds from us by the very nature of the world: but joy pleasure and merriment, He has scattered broadcast. We are never safe, but we have plenty of fun and some ecstasy ... Our Father refreshes us on the journey with some pleasant inns, but he will not encourage us to mistake them for home.
John C. Maxwell, The 15 Invaluable Laws of Growth: Live Them and Reach Your Potential|Too often we forget that discipline really means to teach, not to punish. A disciple is a student, not a recipient of behavioural consequences.
Peter Hedges, What's Eating Gilbert Grape|Hasn't it dawned on your twilight mind,even in the seconds span of a falling star, that you might be missing something more than your sleep?
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Don’t despise any experience. With every experience, you increase in knowledge and wisdom.
Liza M. Wiemer, Hello?|For whatever it's worth, I believe we're born imperfect, and perfection, whatever that may be, is unattainable by us mere humans.
Marc Ashton|In 1963, while my brothers were engaged in their lives, I call this period of my life 'my character-building years.' I adhered to the saying, 'When the going gets tough, the tough get going.
Richards Branson|If you do still have to work for a boss at a job you don't like, as almost everyone does at some point, don't moan about it. Have a positive out —look on life and just get on with it. Work hard and earn your pay. Enjoy the people you come into contact with through your job. And if you are still unhappy, make it instead your goal to divide your private life from your work life. Have fun in your own time, you will feel happier and you'll enjoy your life and your job more.
Brad Paisley|People asked if I could have played the Terminator. Are you kidding? Not a chance, I never could have played the Terminator.
Alexander McCall Smith, At the Reunion Buffet|One of the most wonderful things about Pride and Prejudice is the variety of voices it embodies. There are so many different forms of dialogue: between several people, between two people, internal dialogue and dialogue through letters. All tensions are created and resolved through dialogue. Austen's ability to create such multivocality, such diverse voices and intonations in relation and in confrontation within a cohesive structure, is one of the best examples of the democratic aspect of the novel. In Austen's novels, there are spaces for oppositions that do not need to eliminate each other in order to exist. There is also space - not just space but a necessity - for self-reflection and self-criticism. Such reflection is the cause of change. We needed no message, no outright call for plurality, to prove our point. All we needed was to reach and appreciate the cacophony of voices to understand its democratic imperative. There was where Austen's danger lay.
Aaron Spelling|'Yellow Moon' was a poem. My wife at the time, Joel - she's dead now - it was our 25th anniversary. She had the chance to go on a cruise with her sister. And I'm home with the kids and looking up, and I saw the big moon, and I just started writing.
Rita Stradling, Ensnared|Love didn't seem like something that could be organized or contained; it should be messy and emotional, like exploding and imploding with someone at the exact same time.
Michael Prelee, Milky Way Repo|Gods do not decide who goes to Heaven or who goes to Hell. That is for the Cosmic Forces to decide. You are as close to being like a God than you ever will be. Gods are the creators and if they are proud of their work they will remain as silent watchers. This isn’t like the ancient times when Gods would interfere in the affairs of man, or whatever creatures they created. They became arrogant and selfish in their deeds, only concerned with their own private agendas and using their creations as tools of blackmail and spite. It got so they were completely shaping the destinies of worlds just to seduce a sibling into practicing explicit acts of intercourse. They were incestuous monstrosities who were given far too many liberties, and they abused the power bestowed upon them. Eventually the Cosmic Forces intervened and limited the powers of the Gods. These days Gods are not born and they do not perform sex. The few that are left are merely prisoners of the Cosmic Forces, free to roam across the Multiverse and create, but unable to indulge in their own egotistical fantasies. They have become tortured souls, much like their creations.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Anger travels faster, conscience is slower! Angers goes ahead to destroy long before conscience lately arrives to regret! Don't try to keep anger just for a while... It destroys before negotiations!
Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume|You know, the act of feeding someone is the ultimate act of care and affection...sharing yourself with someone else through food." He held another mouthful of cake under her nose. "Think about it. We are fed in the Eucharist, by our mothers when we are infants, by our parents as children, by friends at dinner parties, by a lover when we feast on one another's bodies...and on occasion, on another's souls.
Lillian Hellman|If you see voters as rational, you'll be a terrible politician. People are not wired to be rational. Our brains simply evolved to keep us alive. Brains did not evolve to give us truth. Brains merely give us movies in our minds that keeps us sane and motivated. But none of it is rational or true, except maybe sometimes by coincidence.
Lailah Gifty Akita|During my mental illness, thank God, my grandma was my human rescuer and angel, she ask me to stop taking the medication, leading to the recovering.
George Stamatis|Law of conservation of energy â€“ Energy can neither be created nor be destroyed. Same thing is with the good and Evil. They say Evil is rising day by day. But if we believe science, Good is also increasing at the same pace to maintain the balance. So the universe is as good as it was at the time of Lord Ram or Jesus.
Rebecca Ruter Springer, My Dream of Heaven|Why have we books in heaven?""Why not?" asked my brother. "What strange ideas we mortals have of the pleasures and duties of this blessed life!...
Jazz Feylynn, Colorado State of Mind|Yes, Dad collared me before I was even born. Nevertheless, he made me the one in authority of the collar and myself.
Will Smith|If you doubt a man's ability, you limit their potential.
Umberto Eco, Belief or Nonbelief?|I'd be willing to bet that the notion of the end of time is more common today in the secular world than in the Christian. The Christian world makes it the object of meditation, but acts as if it may be projected into a dimension not measured by calendars. The secular world pretends to ignore the end of time, but is fundamentally obsessed by it. This is not a paradox, but a repetition of what transpired in the first thousand years of history.... I will remind readers that the idea of the end of time comes out of one of the most ambiguous passages of John's text, chapter 20...This approach, which isn't only Augustine's but also the Church Fathers' as a whole, casts History as a journey forward—a notion alien to the pagan world. Even Hegel and Marx are indebted to this fundamental idea, which Pierre Teilhard de Chardin pursued.Christianity invented History, and it is in fact a modern incarnation of the Antichrist that denounces History as a disease. It's possible that secular historicism has understood history as infinitely perfectible—so that tomorrow we improve upon today, always and without reservation... But the entire secular world is not of the ideological view that through history we understand how to look at the regression and folly of history itself. There is, nonetheless, an originally Christian view of history whenever the signpost of Hope on this road is followed. The simple knowledge of how to judge history and its horrors is fundamentally Christian, whether the speaker is Emmanuel Mounier on tragic optimism or Gramsci on pessimism of reason and optimism of will.
Vikrmn, 10 Alone|The tonic of success is a marvelous producer as well as stimulant. By the law of mental magnetism one success attracts another, and after we begin to win it is comparatively easy to keep on winning.
Nellie L. McClung|Women are going to form a chain, a greater sisterhood than the world has ever known.
Søren Kierkegaard, The Diary Of Soren Kierkegaard|It is quite true what Philosophy says: that Life must be understood backwards. But that makes one forget the other saying: that it must be lived—forwards. The more one ponders this, the more it comes to mean that life in the temporal existence never becomes quite intelligible, precisely because at no moment can I find complete quiet to take the backward- looking position.
Suzannah  Rowntree, Pendragon's Heir|There was carpet under Blanchefleur’s feet and the scent of clean and delicate things in her nostrils—perfume, babies, soap, and tea. Homesickness hit her like a clenched fist; this was worse than memory.
Friedrich Hebbel|...only very few - only humans, as far as we know - achieve the second level of transcendent movement. Through this, the environment is de-restricted to become the world as an integral whole of manifest and latent elements. The second step is the work of language. This not only builds the 'house of being' - Heidegger took this phrase from Zarathustra's animals, which inform the convalescent: 'the house of being rebuilds itself eternally'; it is also the vehicle for the tendencies to run away from that house with which, by means of its inner surpluses, humans move towards the open. It need hardly be explained why the oldest parasite in the world, the world above, only appears with the second transcendence.
John Bunyan, The Pilgrims Progress|Now, Mr. Great-heart was a strong man, so he was not afraid of a lion.
Ernst F. Schumacher, A Guide for the Perplexed|Evolve your understanding of success from the outer realm of control, materialism, and ego, to the inner realm of surrender, spirituality, and compassion.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With a strong spirit , you heal every bruise.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|Oh we'll know each other for forever' Bix said. 'The days of losing touch are almost gone.' 'What does that mean? ' Drew asks.'We're going to meet again in a different place,' Bix said. 'Everyone we've lost, we'll find. Or they'll find us.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|There will be many times in your lives--- at school, and more particularly when you are a grown up---when people will distract or divert you from what needs to be done. You may even welcome the distraction. But if you use it as an excuse for not doing what you suppose to do, you can blame no one but yourself. If you truly wish to accomplish something, you should allow nothing to stop you, and chances are you'll succeed.
Marc Bekoff, The Emotional Lives of Animals: A Leading Scientist Explores Animal Joy, Sorrow, and Empathy - and Why They Matter|We drove out of New Paltz heading due north. Squeezed into my tiny hatchback, among our boxes and bags, were my dog, Nico, the hens, and the humming hive of bees, its openings covered over with tape. The dog eyed the hive, the chickens eyed the dog, and if the bees weren't nervous they were the only ones.
John Bradshaw, Healing the Shame that Binds You|I believe there are two ways of concealing a secret: 1. Leave no trace of it. 2. Replace it with a lie.So which option did you choose, Mr.President?
Daniel Radcliffe|As an actor, there is room for a certain amount of creativity, but you're always ultimately going to be saying somebody else's words. I don't think I'd have the stamina, skill or ability to write a novel, but I'd love to write short stories and poetry, because those are my two passions.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|Sweet as the tender fragrance that survives,When martyred flowers breathe out their little lives,Sweet as a song that once consoled our pain,But never will be sung to us again,Is they remembrance. Now the hour of restHath come to thee. Sleep, darling: it is best.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If you feed a bird, you don't have to force it to come to you.
C.J. Duggan, The Boys of Summer|Just be careful, hon,” Rosanna said.“Oh, are the plates hot?” I flinched back just before my hands made contact.Rosanna laughed. “No, but hot boys can burn you just as easily.
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|When I break into the clearing, she's on the ground, hopelessly entangled in a net. She just has the time to reach her hand through the mesh and say my name before the spear enters her body.
Elizabeth Goudge, The White Witch|We all of us need to be toppled off the throne of self, my dear," he said. "Perched up there the tears of others are never upon our own cheek.
Linda  Gray, The Road to Happiness is Always Under Construction|Everything negative, useless, and redundant must go.
Shelley K. Wall|Think of your passions as you do food, water, shelter...a necessity. If someone told you to give them up, would you listen?
C.S. Lewis, The Great Divorce|There are only two kinds of people in the end: those who say to God, "Thy will be done," and those to whom God says, in the end, "Thy will be done." All that are in Hell, choose it. Without that self-choice there could be no Hell. No soul that seriously and constantly desires joy will ever miss it. Those who seek find. To those who knock it is opened.
Michael McCretton|It's hot out there." I prowl toward her, pulling off my shirt. I maybe flex my abs a little- anything for my girl.
Ice Cube|If you work just for money, you'll never make it, but if you love what you're doing and you always put the customer first, success will be yours.
Adelaide Crapsey, Verse by Adelaide Crapsey|Oh Lady, let the sad tears fall To speak thy pain, Gently as through the silver dusk The silver rain. Oh, let thy bosom breathe its grief In such soft sigh As hath the wind in gardens where Pale roses die.
Sandra K. Cook, Overcome Your Fear of Homeschooling with Insider Information|Don’t quit. It’s very easy to quit during the first 10 years. Nobody cares whether you write or not, and it’s very hard to write when nobody cares one way or the other. You can’t get fired if you don’t write, and most of the time you don’t get rewarded if you do. But don’t quit.
J. J. Abrams|Love turns, with a little indulgence, to indifference or disgust; hatred alone is immortal.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|She tapped out a beat on the edge of the piano as I tripped and plummeted through the refrain of “Spacebar,” trying to translate the synth chords into a piano bit on the fly. It had been a million years since I’d played it.But it was still catchy.Whoever had written this song had known what they were doing.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|In the highest civilization, the book is still the highest delight. He who has once known its satisfactions is provided with a resource against calamity.
Reekie D. Mays of SDM Speaks|Many secular observers and spiritual practitioners alike mistake mystical chanting as a kind of anthropological curiosity or interesting musical diversion from secular mainstream entertainment, sometimes labeling it 'world' or 'folk' music. But uttering or chanting spells, mantras or prayers shouldn't be regarded as a romantic excursion to a distant past, or faraway place, or as an escape from our everyday stresses, for relaxation or entertainment. These sounds are meant to be experienced as the timeless unity of energy currents. The chanting of ancient esoteric sounds enables us to realize we are never separate from the one continuously existing omnipresent vibration of the cosmos.
Don Herold|When I have had a long day at work, I want something to watch that is funny, lighthearted and easy to get into, and reality is that. I'm not really into serious programmes or documentaries.
Christina Hoff Sommers|I call [fourth-wave feminism] fainting–couch feminism, a la the delicate Victorian ladies who retreated to an elegant chaise when overcome with emotion. As an equality feminist from the 1970s, I am dismayed by this new craze. Women are not children. We are not fragile little birds who can’t cope with jokes, works of art, or controversial speakers. Trigger warnings and safe spaces are an infantilizing setback for feminism—and for women.
A.C. Grayling, Toward the Light of Liberty: The Struggles for Freedom and Rights That Made the Modern Western World|Either ‘the group’ is superior or the individual is superior. Marxism, socialism, fascism, and pure democracy are all forms that give power to ‘the group’ and then use violence to force individuals to obey the dictates of ‘the group’. The concept of liberty is one in which the individual - in the exercise of his unalienable rights - is superior to every and all powers. That is what the Founders intended. That is what we are supposed to have under the ‘contracts’ of the Declaration of Independence and the state and federal constitutions. That is what I am entitled to as an American. That is what I insist upon. And that is what I will kill for.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|I outwitted those that deliberately suppressed me not by retaliating, but by minding my own business, continuing the self-discovery journey and reinventing myself.
Cesar Chavez|Bad food is made without pride, by cooks who have no pride, and no love. Bad food is made by chefs who are indifferent, or who are trying to be everything to everybody, who are trying to please everyone... Bad food is fake food... food that shows fear and lack of confidence in people's ability to discern or to make decisions about their lives.
Zack Love, The Syrian Virgin|Honest dishonesty. That’s quite the oxymoron – but I like the originality that you’ve brought to bear in the art of rationalization. Maybe you should consider becoming a lawyer,” he added jokingly.
Anthony de Mello|We become, neurologically, what we think."(33)
Sting|You could say I lost my faith in science and progressYou could say I lost my belief in the holy ChurchYou could say I lost my sense of directionYou could say all of this and worse, ...Some would say I was a lost man in a lost worldYou could say I lost my faith in the people on TVYou could say I'd lost my belief in our politiciansThey all seemed like game show hosts to me...I never saw no miracle of scienceThat didn't go from a blessing to a curseI never saw no military solutionThat didn't always end up as something worse--Excerpts from "If I Ever Lose My Faith In You
Brandon Sanderson, Warbreaker|You want a shadow, you got to have light and something to get in its way.
Søren Kierkegaard|If someone who wanted to learn to dance were to say: For centuries, one generation after the other has learned the positions, and it is high time that I take advantage of this and promptly begin with the quadrille--people would presumably laugh a little at him, but in the world of spirit this is very plausible. What, then, is education? I believed it is the course the individual goes through in order to catch up with himself, and the person who will not go through this course is not much helped by being born in the most enlightened age.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Americans share an affinity to establish a distinctive identity and know one’s self in a physiological, psychological, and spiritual sense, and we strive to attain self-actualization, self-realization, and/or bliss.
Robin Bielman, Keeping Mr. Right Now|He softly kissed her lips. "I'm going to rock your world tonight, and then I'm going to do it again. Only different. You're going to come undone, Sophie, every which way you can, and i won't stop until you do.
Monica O Montgomery|Tough topics are only tough for those who don't want to approach conversation, who don't like problematizing the status quo and nuancing the narrative.
Robin Bielman, Blame it on the Kiss|I haven't done anything you're supposed to do. Like get so drunk you puke and don't remember the rest of the night.""Overrated, I swear."She looked at me, that deadly look on her face, and I held up my hands. "Fine. You wanna get drunk and puke, I'm not gonna stop you.""But I want to do, like more than just drinking." Her brow furrowed and I could practically see the wheels in her brain spinning. "I should make a list and outline a plan."I was going to point out that list-making wasn't the best way to let loose, but I decided to let it go.
Stig Åvall Severinsen, Breatheology|If only the physical aspects of hatha yoga are used, it is called ghatastha yoga (ghata means “physical effort”). Modern expressions like “fitness yoga” and “power yoga” that flourish within gym classes are within the same category, even if they do not derive from the original exercises’ rhythm and succession. In many instances “power yoga” has a positive effect on physical health; but if there is no aim to ease the mind, to gain self-insight and control of your thoughts, and to experience the divine within you and within the universe, the deeper meaning of yoga and - possibly life - is lost.
Graham Greene, Loser Takes All|My second wife - I was still young then - she left me, and I made the mistake of winning her back. It took me years to lose her again after that. She was a good woman. It is not easy to lose a good woman. If one must marry it is better to marry a bad woman.
Flannery O'Connor, Wise Blood|It is certainly not the least charm of a theory that it is refutable; it is precisely thereby that it attracts the more subtle minds. It seems that the hundred-times-refuted theory of the "free will" owes its persistence to this charm alone; some one is always appearing who feels himself strong enough to refute it.
Abhijit Naskar, Prescription: Treating India's Soul|Stop talking about “rape” and start talking about “sex”, and within a few decades India will attain the true mindset to prevent sexual assaults.
Daisaku Ikeda|Delivering a successful presentation could mean landing a major new contract, better prices for your services, or getting the funding you need. Failure can mean lost customers and a business that never gets off the ground.
O. Henry, The Complete Works of O. Henry|In England I am always madam; I arrived too late to ever be a miss. In New York I have only been madamed once, by the doorman at the Carlyle Hotel.
Deepak Chopra, The Way of the Wizard: Twenty Spiritual Lessons for Creating the Life You Want|Molecules dissolve and pass away, but consciousness survives the death of the matter on which it rides.
Swami Dhyan Giten|Working with people is basically not a question of formal education; working with people is a question of energy and awareness. Everyone can basically work with people. It is a question of developing a presence and a quality to work from. It is also about discovering our own unique way to be and work with people from our authentic inner being.The most important healing- and therapeutic ability is the capacity to be present. To be present means to develop a presence and a quality to work from. It means to be present with an open and relaxed heart, and to be grounded in our inner being, in the meditative quality within.Presence means to work from a meditative quality, from an inner "yes"-quality, from a state of non-doing. It is to be present for another person as a supporting light, as a supporting presence.Meditation is the way to deepen our capacity to be present, and explore how to bring the meditative presence into the healing- and therapeutic process. It is about developing a meditative presence and quality, to develop the inner "yes"-quality, the silence and emptiness within ourselves, the inner source of healing and wholeness, the capacity to surrender to life.
John Piper, A Hunger For God|If you don't feel strong desires for the manifestation of the glory of God, it is not because you have drunk deeply and are satisfied. It is because you have nibbled so long at the table of the world. Your soul is stuffed with small things, and there is no room for the great.
Tanya Masse|Always remember that the most important things in this life are not things. Stay safe, stay strong and stay together.
George Friedman|(John F.) Kennedy was an elitist and not a populist. He was enthralled by a certain British aristocratic view of politics in which an enlightened ruling class makes reasoned, rational decisions that are in the interest of the more emotional and easily manipulated masses.
Marina Warner, Once Upon a Time: A Short History of Fairy Tale|Theories about world literature, of which fairy tale is a fundamental part, emphasize the porousness of borders, geographical and inguistic: no frontiercan keep a good story from roaming. It will travel, and travel far, and travel back again in a different guise, a changed mood, and, above all, a new meaning.
A.A. Milne, The House at Pooh Corner|Hallo, Pooh,” said Rabbit.“Hallo, Rabbit,” said Pooh dreamily.“Did you make that song up?”“Well, I sort of made it up,” said Pooh. “It isn’t Brain,” he went on humbly, “because You Know Why, Rabbit; but it comes to me sometimes.”“Ah!” said Rabbit, who never let things come to him, but always went and fetched them.
Travis Luedke, The Shepherd|Our lives were now worlds apart, separated by time, circumstance, and the unbridgeable chasm of money.
Sapphire Phelan|But you know me-I'm an information magpie, always interested in shiny bits of intel. I've never gotten in trouble because of knowing too much.
Kapil Muzumdar|Some relations just begin. Sometimes you need to but don’t want to make the first move. And you want to wait. I want to wait. Yes I want to. Why do some people suddenly come into your life out of nowhere and make a place in your heart? Its almost sacred or divine. And how do they? You want them to look at you and when they do, you don’t have the strength to look back. Why? You just feel too weak to look back. So is this love? But I want that strength inside me. And I know the person wants me too. But I am ready to wait. No hurry at all. Life is a paradox I know. And that’s very inviting.”A Novella, The Coffee and The Cola, Published 2016.
D.M. Lee, Mr Alhourani's Dead Man's Spots|We need to get you laid."Despite the fact she couldn't see my face, my brow furrowed. "How is that going to help?""Rebound sex is exactly what you need right now, sweaty, dirty, work-your-frustration-out sex. In fact, I have the perfect guy in mind—"I jolted up quickly at the sound of a firm tapping. I looked over at the window to see Kacey's sun kissed face, his shades resting at the edge of his long nose, baby blue eyes fixed on me.I placed my hand over my thumping heart. "You ass.""Bitch?""Not you, Jayne." I climbed off my bed. "Kay and Ty are here.""Speak of the devil, and his sexy ass will most definitely appear.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Somebody who is Christ's must love Christ, and when he loves Christ he is delivered from the Devil, from hell and from death.
Neo Shamon|I meditate; therefore, you live.
Charles Dickens, David Copperfield|His was not a lazy trustfulness that hoped, and did no more.
Gautama Buddha|However many holy words you read, however many you speak, what good will they do you if you do not act on upon them?
Ellen J. Barrier|Patience is the path to opportunities. We gain patience through prayer and meditation. Within that vein, we never consider ourselves having failed.
Elizabeth von Arnim, Elizabeth and Her German Garden|If your lot makes you cry and be wretched, get rid of it and take another; strike out for yourself; don't listen to the shriek of your relations...don't be afraid of public opinion in the shape of the neighbours in the next house, when all the world is before you new and shining, and everything is possible, if you will only be energetic and independent and seize opportunity by the scruff of the neck.
Yudhanjaya Wijeratne, Numbercaste|This is how we progress as humans. We went from horseless carriages to self-driving, self-organizing transport in a hundred and fifty years. We went from powered flight to putting a man on the moon in sixty years. We’ve always progressed in leaps and bounds. It is our ability, no, our duty, to do what is efficient, and to do what is best, to evolve not just our vehicles and our cities and our homes, but also the social structures that hold us back
John Wyndham, The Kraken Wakes|Mankind are tolerant of the praises of others as long as each hearer thinks that he can do as well or nearly as well himself, but, when the speaker rises above him, jealousy is aroused and he begins to be incredulous.
Tool|But it's easier to say 'I love you',than 'Yours, sincerely' I suppose.
Dianna Hardy, The Demon Bride|Fortunately, we are not in control.
Azar Nafisi, The Republic of Imagination: America in Three Books|Her eyes widen and she shoves me back and then there's a space between us, enough to paralyze me with all of the things I could do to her next. I could raise my hand and hit her in the face or bring my knee into her stomach, take a fistful of her hair and rip it out of her skull. You don't get to do this when you're a girl, so when the opportunity for violence finally presents itself, I want all of it at once.
B.R. Ambedkar|The fact the enemies of God must face is that modern civilization has conquered the world, but in doing so has lost its soul. And in losing its soul it will lose the very world it gained. Even our own so-called Liberal culture in these United States which has tried to avoid complete secularization by leaving little zones of individual freedom is in danger of forgetting that these zones were preserved only because religion was in their soul. And as religion fades so will freedom, for only where the spirit of God is, is there liberty.
Shaikh Ashraf, Friendship, Love & Sacrifice|I wonder why people wanted someone very badly, I wonder why someone comes in your life and life begins to change, every good happens to you, and you just want that person to never go from your life, remain there for you
Jonathan Renshaw, Dawn of Wonder|Uh, I really didn't mean to disturb you.''I sincerely hope that is untrue. If you arrived here with no objective capable of disturbing me then you arrived with no objective at all, and you will have succeeded in disturbing me without purpose.
Alexandra Stoddard, Gift of a Letter: Giving the Gift of Ourselves-- Add Richness and Grace to Your Life Through the Art of Letter-writing|It is not that we have too little time to do all the things we need to do , it is that we feel the need to do too many things in the time we have.
David Yeung|Shortly after I began work with Teresa, I acquired another MPD client, a supposedly schizophrenic young man I will call Tony. He called in to the clinic on a day I was on telephone duty, saying he was having flashbacks of "ritual abuse.” I did not yet know what that was. Tony became my client. He could be quite entertaining. I have a vivid memory of him as a three-year-old, "Tiny Tony,” standing on his head on my office couch, and running down the hall to try unsuccessfully to make it to the bathroom. He had in his head the entire rock band of Guns’n’Roses, and I got to know Axl, the band leader, quite well. I remember the time Tony was in hospital and I went to visit him; Axl popped out and said, "Remember, we’re schizophrenic in here!
Kevin J.  Donaldson|Reading is the multiplier of success. Reading instantly gives you access to a treasure trove of wisdom and experience laid out by those who have gone before you, especially those who have already walked the road you’re walking on right now.
Daniel M. Gilbert, Stumbling on Happiness|Perhaps the strangest thing about this illusion of control is not that it happens but that it seems to confer many of the psychological benefits of genuine control. In fact, the one group of people who seem generally immune to this illusion are the clinically depressed, who tend to estimate accurately the degree to which they can control events in most situation.
Thomas Paine|We shall never be able to remove suspicion and fear as potential causes of war until communication is permitted to flow, free and open, across international boundaries.
Ivan Illich, The Right to Useful Unemployment and Its Professional Enemies|There's a liberal story that limited opportunities, and barriers, lead to employment problems and criminal records, but then there's another story that has to do with norms, behaviors, and oppositional culture. You can't prove the latter statistically, but it still might be true.' Holzer thinks that both arguments contain truth and that one doesn't preclude the other. Fair enough. Suffice it to say, though, that the evidence supporting structural inequality is compelling. In 2001, a researcher sent out black and white job applicants in Milwaukee, randomly assigning them a criminal record. The researcher concluded that a white man with a criminal record had about the same chance of getting a job as a black man without one. Three years later, researchers produced the same results in New York under more rigorous conditions.
Paulo Coelho, The Winner Stands Alone|We humans may be brilliant and we may be special, but we are still connected to the rest of life. No one reminds us of this better than our dogs. Perhaps the human condition will always include attempts to remind ourselves that we are separate from the rest of the natural world. We are different from other animals; it's undeniably true. But while acknowledging that, we must acknowledge another truth, the truth that we are also the same. That is what dogs and their emotions give us-- a connection. A connection to life on earth, to all that binds and cradles us, lest we begin to feel too alone. Dogs are our bridge-- our connection wo who we really are, and most tellingly, who we want to be. When we call them home to us, it'as as if we are calling for home itself. And that'll do, dogs. That'll do.
Jim Butcher, Changes|I choose my battles, Dresden. Not you." She looked up at me calmly. "Let me put this in terms that will get through your skull: My friend is going to save a child from monsters. I'm going with him. That's what friends do, Harry.
Muhammad Ali|Why should they ask me to put on a uniform and go 10,000 miles from home and drop bombs and bullets on Brown people in Vietnam while so-called Negro people in Louisville are treated like dogs and denied simple human rights? No I’m not going 10,000 miles from home to help murder and burn another poor nation simply to continue the domination of white slave masters of the darker people the world over. This is the day when such evils must come to an end. I have been warned that to take such a stand would cost me millions of dollars. But I have said it once and I will say it again. The real enemy of my people is here. I will not disgrace my religion, my people or myself by becoming a tool to enslave those who are fighting for their own justice, freedom and equality. If I thought the war was going to bring freedom and equality to 22 million of my people they wouldn’t have to draft me, I’d join tomorrow. I have nothing to lose by standing up for my beliefs. So I’ll go to jail, so what? We’ve been in jail for 400 years.
Sadhguru, Life and Death in One Breath|People have gotten used to living a botched-up life — to be anxious, insecure, hateful, jealous, and in various states of unpleasantness through the day — slowly humanity has begun to see it as normal. None of these things are normal. These are abnormalities. Once you accept them as part of life they become normal because the majority has joined the gang of unpleasantness. They are all saying, "Unpleasantness is normal. Being nasty to each other is normal. Being nasty to myself is normal." Someone trusted that you would be doing good things at least to yourself and said, "Do unto others what you do unto yourself." I am telling you, never do unto others what you are doing to yourself! By being with people, I know what they are doing to themselves is the worst thing. Fortunately, they are not doing such horrible things to others. Only once in a while they are giving a dose to others, but to themselves they are giving it throughout the day.
Debasish Mridha|At the end of our lives, every moment is so priceless.
Matshona Dhliwayo|When God pushes you off a cliff, it is your faith He wants you to use as wings.
Hannah Lillith Assadi, Sonora|So maybe home is something that changes as we do, something that expands and contracts with time and loss.
Taranpreet Singh|As much as what I can think of life, it is more of a poetic journey with emotions & experience packed up in the form of livelihood. When it starts, it brings confirmation of a new soul entering into the world. But when it ends, it takes away not just soul, but happiness of those related to that life. It’s in the middle of this journey that the best poems get their sequence of words.
Selena|I realized that if I don't like something, I can change it. If I don't feel comfortable with something, then I have a voice to say it's not cool.
Sandeep Sahajpal|Beyond certain age, friends do not come to your life with a design, but they essentially go out of you life for economic reasons. Friends you are left with are your ‘true friends’!
C.B. Lee, Not Your Sidekick|We recognised that the youth demographic needed to be pursued, preferably with dogs.
Piet Hein|When God says he doesn't see a man, the logical question would be to ask, what then does he see? In my thinking, I believe the word that best describes what God sees in the absence of a man is a bunch of flesh – biological masses. There is a word that might best fit the description of what God sees when he looks at the earth, the word is BIOMASS or BIOMASSES.
Ken Poirot, Mentor Me: GA=T+E—A Formula to Fulfill Your Greatest Achievement|We can't change yesterday, but we can change tomorrow...
Roberto Bolaño, The Savage Detectives|There was a wicked ole witch once called Black Aliss. She was an unholy terror. There's never been one worse or more powerful. Until now. Because I could spit in her eye and steal her teeth, see. Because she didn't know Right from Wrong, so she got all twisted up, and that was the end of her."The trouble is, you see, that if you do know Right from Wrong, you can't choose Wrong. You just can't do it and live. So.. if I was a bad witch I could make Mister Salzella's muscles turn against his bones and break them where he stood... if I was bad. I could do things inside his head, change the shape he thinks he is, and he'd be down on what had been his knees and begging to be turned into a frog... if I was bad. I could leave him with a mind like a scrambled egg, listening to colors and hearing smells...if I was bad. Oh yes." There was another sigh, deeper and more heartfelt."But I can't do none of that stuff. That wouldn't be Right."She gave a deprecating little chuckle. And if Nanny Ogg had been listening, she would have resolved as follows: that no maddened cackle from Black Aliss of infamous memory, no evil little giggle from some crazed Vampyre whose morals were worse than his spelling, no side-splitting guffaw from the most inventive torturer, was quite so unnerving as a happy little chuckle from a Granny Weatherwax about to do what's best.
Anonymous, The Qur'an / القرآن الكريم|My friend opened a small box which Lestrade had produced. Inside lay a beautiful silver cigarette case monogrammed with Holmes's initials, underneath which ran the words, "With the Respects of Scotland Yard, November 1888."Sherlock Holmes sat with his lips parted, but no sound emerged."Thank you," he managed at length.
Jonathan Culver|That's what dreams are really like, you know? They're not full of melting clocks or floating roses or people made out of rocks. Most of the time, dreams look just like the normal world. It's your feelings that tell you something's off. Not your mind, not your intellect, not something as obvious as that. The only part of you that really knows what's going on is the part of you that's most a mystery. If that's not Surrealism, I don't know what is.
Tyler Cowen, In Praise of Commercial Culture|The Christian right, which trumpets the theme of family values, damns contemporary culture for undermining older traditions. Yet many individuals from this camp are not concerned first and foremost about family values per se. Family is a codeword for constraint; families and family values place constraints on individuals more effectively than any other institution, including government. The Christian right seeks a society in which all are constrained; they reject big government for failing at constraint, and for undermining those institutions, like the family, that have a chance at succeeding.
Stacey Ballis, Wedding Girl|Don't knock homespun. All comfort food is homespun, and according to you and my cooking magazines, comfort food is the trend. You do what you do, do it as best you can, and if you don't win, at least you know you didn't compromise who you are in an effort to please someone else.
Rudy Rucker, Turing & Burroughs|in the ONLY 1 life we live, we have thousands of tears, millions of smiles, you take some...you give some...
Hunter Murphy, Imogene in New Orleans|Enormous oak trees towered over the boulevard, which boasted homes with fine woodwork, wraparound porches, and moss on the sidewalks. 'There’s nothing like a house in New Orleans. Would you look at those balconies and columns?' He rolled his window down to take in the sounds of life in New Orleans.
Jack Kevorkian, Prescription: Medicide: The Goodness of Planned Death|This (...) had made me aware for the first time of the well-disguised myth that they and the academic institutions they represent are bastions of a free exchange of ideas. They are -but only of those ideas that don't 'rock the boat', that refrain from challenging hallowed taboos.
Cassie McCown, Christmas Lites|Junk?” Gram gasped. “One man’s junk is another man’s treasure, you know.”“Yeah, well, maybe it’s time to let another man have it, you think?” he teased. ~ "The Mirror
Billy Collins|The mind-is not the heart.I may yet live, as I know others live,To wish in vain to let go with the mind-Of cares, at night, to sleep; but nothing tells meThat I need learn to let go with the heart.
Ash Gray|I’m a dot in the grand scheme of things. I don’t matter, not even to the other dots.
H. R. Ellis Davidson|Gawain laid his hand on his son’s shoulder. “Sir Perceval, when the priest reads the lesson, he says that he who would save his life must lose it. Good words for any man, for there are moments when cowardice will bring death more surely than boldness. But the ordinary man knows, when he goes out to meet the wolf in his road, that he may yet come home in peace. Not so the knights of the Round Table. We win through one deadly peril only to face another. If we banish one evil, we must go on to the next and after that, to the next—until death meets us in the path. We yield up our bodies every day, not for glory and fortune but so that those weaker than ourselves may live. Do you understand?” “I do,” said Sir Perceval. “And I say that there is no nobler calling. I am content.” But then he thought of the Lady Blanchefleur kissing his brow on a night of fire and blood, and with a sudden ache of grief told himself that even a hundred years of peace would not be enough time to spend with her.
Marvin Davis|From a young age, I was rubbing elbows with a very different kind of person and social class, and I felt a lot of tension and conflict in my identity because of that.
Baruch Spinoza, Ethics|Under opacity and in the newfound complexity of the world, people can hide risks and hurt others, with the law incapable of catching them. Iatrogenics has both delayed and invisible consequences. It is hard to see causal links, to fully understand what’s going on.Under such epistemic limitations, skin in the game is the only true mitigator of fragility.
Adrienne Wilder, He Speaks Dead|In the lassitude after love Odysseus asks Circe, "What is the way to the land of the dead?"Circe answers, "You are muffled in folds of heavy fabric. You close your eyes against the rough cloth and though you struggle to free yourself you can barely move. With much thrashing and writhing, you manage to throw off another layer, but find that not only is there another one beyond it, but that the weight bearing you down has scarcely decreased. With dauntless spirit you continue to struggle. By infinitesimal degrees, the load becomes lighter and your confinement less. At last, you push away a piece of coarse, heavy cloth and, relieved, feel that it was the last one. As it falls away, you realize you have been fighting through years. You open your eyes.
W. Somerset Maugham|If you don't change your beliefs, your life will be like this forever. Is that good news?
John Cheese|My guess is that the Jonathan would be as out of place in England or Kazakhstan, the native ground of its ancestors, as I would be in Russia, the native ground of my own. The arrow of natural history won’t be reversed: by now the Jonathan’s as much an American as I am.
Candace Bushnell, Lipstick Jungle|The most important thing in business is a persona, Nico,' he was fond of saying. 'People want to know immediately what they're dealing with. And when they think about you, you've got to stand out in their minds--like one of those characters in a novel.
Maggie Stiefvater, Blue Lily, Lily Blue|I just don't— Ronan. My ears are bleeding!"Ronan turned down the music.
Stephanie Tyler, Defiance|I don't like rules, especially the unwritten ones that say I need to let myself be controlled by my man.
Nimrat Kaur|School is something that you learn - reading and writing. Education is what you learn from the family, from the environment, from the community.
Isaac Asimov, The Caves of Steel|If humanity were capable of being satisfied, then they'll still be living in trees and eating bugs out of one another's fur. Anna had walked on a moon of Jupiter. She'd look up through a dome-covered sky at the great red spot, close enough to see the swirls and eddies of a storm larger than her home world. She'd tasted water thawed from ice as old as the solar system itself. And it was that human dissatisfaction, that human audacity that had put her there.
Henry David Thoreau, Slavery in Massachusetts|Visit the Navy-Yard, and behold a marine, such a man as an American government can make, or such as it can make a man with its black arts, -a mere shadow and reminiscence of humanity, a man laid out alive and standing, and already, as one may say, buried under arms with funeral accompaniments, though it may be, -"Not a drum was heard, not a funeral note,As his corse to the rampart were hurried;Not a soldier discharged his farewell shot,O'er the grave where our hero we buried.
Richelle E. Goodrich, The Tarishe Curse|Turn around….you’ve got grass and dead flowers…”My fingers naturally began to comb through my long, black strands, shaking things loose as Sarti carefully removed more stubborn pieces. The flowers had been left over from my forced marriage to Thaddeus. The grass, from a sensual night with Kresh the eve of my honeymoon. Devilish irony.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|If size does matter, then dream-n-do big!
Anne Mallory, In Total Surrender|I love you," she murmured. The words ... it was as though an entire sun had exploded in his chest.He'd been ridiculous. His thrashing thoughts, his grand confusion and torment and helplessness -- it was only love, had always been love, he supposed. It was no precipice he stood at, or rather precipices have little meaning when one finally acknowledges that one has wings. Connor stepped off."I love you, too."Such grave, inadequate words for what it was he felt.
Lois McMaster Bujold|It's a bizarre but wonderful feeling, to arrive dead center of a target you didn't even know you were aiming for.
Bernhard Schlink, Homecoming|She quickly realized she had an affinity for the older books and their muted scents of past dinners and foreign countries, the tea and chocolate stains coloring the phrases. You could never be certain what you would find in a book that has spent time with someone else. As she has rifled through the pages looking for defects, she had discovered an entrance ticket to Giverny, a receipt for thirteen bottles of champagne, a to-do list that included, along with groceries and dry cleaning, the simple reminder, 'buy a gun.' Bits of life tucked like stowaways in between the chapters. Sometimes she couldn't decide which story she was most drawn to.
Rick Perlstein|Everyone on the Left has a favorite story that allows them to kind of excuse Reagan, explain away Reagan, say he was dumb, but unless we reckon with that kind of emotional intelligence and his ability to kind of speak to the aspirations of the American people, the less liberals are going to be able to understand the soul of his appeal.
Susan Forward|Reality CheckHis lying is not contigent on who you are or what you do. His lying is not your fault. Lying is his choice and his problem, and if he makes that choice with you, he will make it with any other woman he’s with. That doesn’t mean you’re an angel and he’s the devil. It does mean that if he doesn’t like certain things about you, he has many ways to address them besides lying. If there are sexual problems between you, there are many resources available to help you. Nothing can change until you hold him responsible and accountable for lying and stop blaming yourself. The lies we tell ourselves to keep from seeing the truth about our lovers don’t feel like lies. They feel comfortable, familiar, and true. We repeat them like a mantra and cling to them like security blankets, hoping to calm ourselves and regain our sense that the world works the way we believe it ought to.	Self-lies are false friends we look to for comfort and protection—and for a short time they may make us feel better. But we can only keep the truth at bay for so long. Our self-lies can’t erase his lies, and as we’ll see, the longer we try to pretend they can, the more we deepen the hurt.
Simon Le Bon|In some situations, if you say nothing, you are called dull; if you talk, you are thought impertinent and arrogant. It is hard to know what to do in this case. The question seems to be, whether your vanity or your prudence predominates.
Hal Herzog, Some We Love, Some We Hate, Some We Eat: Why It's So Hard to Think Straight About Animals|What the new science of anthrozoology reveals is that our attitudes, behaviors, and relationships with the animals in our lives- the ones we love, the ones we hate, and the ones we eat- are, likewise, more complicated than we thought.
Marie Blanchard|You will work long days, early mornings & late nights . you will have many associates, but few or no friends. You will experience doubt, pain, confusion & failure. You will be single unless he or she understands your passion. You will be given props for your hard work. people will want you to do good, but never better than them. For that you will do many things alone.
Mehmet Murat ildan|We need another universe, a smaller one; with more Earth's and less Saturn's; more alive and less dead!
Rose Kennedy|As my life changes, it gives me new things to write about.
Harriet Prescott Spofford, The Amber Gods and Other Stories|Then the woman in the bed sat up and looked about her with wild eyes; and the oldest of the old men said: 'Lady, we have come to write down the names of the immortals,’ and at his words a look of great joy came into her face. Presently she, began to speak slowly, and yet eagerly, as though she knew she had but a little while to live, and, in English, with the accent of their own country; and she told them the secret names of the immortals of many lands, and of the colours, and odours, and weapons, and instruments of music and instruments of handicraft they held dearest; but most about the immortals of Ireland and of their love for the cauldron, and the whetstone, and the sword, and the spear, and the hills of the Shee, and the horns of the moon, and the Grey Wind, and the Yellow Wind, and the Black Wind, and the Red Wind. ("The Adoration of the Magi")
John-Talmage Mathis, For the (Soon) Unemployed: You Against Them|When the noise is gone, and the air is still . . .prepare for survival.
Emma Goldman|The reason for which Picasso was compelled to resort to signs and allegories should now be clear enough: his utter political helplessness in the face of a historical situation which he set out to record; his titanic effort to confront a particular historical event with an allegedly eternal truth; his desire to give hope and comfort and to provide a happy ending, to compensate for the terror, the destruction, and inhumanity of the event. Picasso did not see what Goya had already seen, namely, that the course of history can be changed only by historical means and only if men shape their own history instead of acting as the automaton of an earthly power or an allegedly eternal idea.
Ambrose Bierce|In consequence of inventing machines, men will be devoured by them.
Kathleen Blanco|Modern education has devoted itself to the teaching of impudence, and then we complain that we can no longer control our mobs.
Leo Tolstoy, How Much Land Does a Man Need? and Other Stories|The worker picked up Pakhom’s spade, dug a grave, and buried him - six feet from head to heel, exactly the amount of land a man needs.
Hazrat Ali ibn Abu-Talib|Generosity is to help a deserving person without his request, and if you help him after hisrequest, then it is either out of self-respect or to avoid rebuke.
T.H. White, The Once and Future King|Finally, there was the impediment of his nature. In the secret parts of his peculiar brain, those unhappy and inextricable tangles which he felt at the roots, the boy was disabled by something which we cannot explain. He could not have explained either, and for us it is all too long ago. He loved Arthur and he loved Guenever and he hated himself. The best knight of the world: everybody envied the self-esteem which must surely be his. But Lancelot never believed he was good or nice. Under the grotesque, magnificent shell with a face like Quasimodo’s, there was shame and self-loathing which had been planted there when he was tiny, by something which it is now too late to trace. It is so fatally easy to make young children believe that they are horrible.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|...a sensual life is a ghostly existence where you live on the surface and your soul passes through everything, touching nothing ...
Mother Angelica|The hacker community may be small, but it possesses the skills that are driving the global economies of the future.
Edwin Way Teale, Circle of the Seasons: The Journal of a Naturalist's Year|Nature is shy and noncommittal in a crowd. To learn her secrets, visit her alone or with a single friend, at most. Everything evades you, everything hides, even your thoughts escape you, when you walk in a crowd.
Harriet Beecher Stowe, Uncle Tom's Cabin|The future needed service, not pity, not piety; but in the past lay darkness, confusion, waste, and all the cramped primitive minds, bewildered, torturing one another in their stupidity, yet one and all in some unique manner, beautiful.
Kevin O'Leary|I was quiet, a loner. I was one of those children where, if you put me in a room and gave me some crayons and a pencils, you wouldn't hear from me for nine straight hours. And I was always drawing racing cars and rockets and spaceships and planes, things that were very fast that would take me away.
Ravi Zacharias, The Grand Weaver: How God Shapes Us Through the Events of Our Lives|Perfection, then, is not a change in the essential character but the completion of a course. This is precisely what Jesus must have meant when he admonished his disciples and us to 'be perfect,' as our Heavenly Father is perfect.
James Lusarde, Naked on the Moon|Toys? When a man—a dom—said toys, he didn’t mean stuffed animals or baseballs.
Richard Attias|In order to dance professionally, you have to start at a young age. No matter what, your muscle structure and your bones have to be groomed from a very young age. Nobody wakes up at 17 and decides to become a ballet dancer.
Alfred Adler|Meanings are not determined by situations, but we determine ourselves by the meanings we give to situations.
Viktor E. Frankl, Man's Search for Meaning|You say 'I' and you are proud of this word. But greater than this- although you will not believe in it - is your body and its great intelligence, which does not say 'I' but performs 'I'.
Laura  Lynch, Mistakes Happen: An Historical Guide to Overcoming Adversity|I may not be where I want to be, but if I stop now, I'll NEVER get where I'm going!
Patricia Ireland|There's a remarkable amount of sexism on TV. When male characters are flawed, they're interesting, deep and complex. But when female characters are flawed, they're just a mess. It's good to put more flawed but interesting female characters out there because it promotes equality.
Debasish Mridha|I am hear to say I love you.I am hear to say I feel you.I am hear to say I care for you.I am hear to say, I really do.
philosopher Mario Bunge|the problem of a worker in today’s knowledge industry is not the scarcity of information but its excess. … In order to learn anything, we need time. And to make time we must use information filters allowing us to ignore most of the information aimed at us. We must ignore much to learn a little.
Gina Barreca, "If You Lean In, Will Men Just Look Down Your Blouse?": Questions and Thoughts for Loud, Smart Women in Turbulent Times|Boys are rewarded for playing games where they line up by height and then run into walls. Perhaps I'm making that up--or perhaps you should do a Google search for "Guy Runs into Wall for Fun."Not only do women hold up half the sky; we do it while carrying a 500-pound purse.From age sixteen to age twenty, a woman's body is a temple. From twenty-one to forty-five, it's an amusement park. From forty-five on, it's a terrarium.Bring your sense of humor with you at all times. Bring your friends with a sense of humor. If their friends have a sense of humor, invite them, too
Søren Kierkegaard|The more he needs God, the more deeply he comprehends he is in need of God, and then the more he in his need presses forward to God, the more perfect he is... To need God is nothing to be ashamed of but is perfection itself.
Milarepa, Songs of Milarepa|If ye realize the Emptiness of All Things, Compassion will raise within your heart;If ye lose all differentiation between yourselves and others, fit to serve others ye will be;And when in serving others ye shall win success, then shall ye meet with me;And finding me, ye shall attain to Buddhahood.
Christopher Isherwood, A Single Man|It's not my victory, it's yours and yours and yours. If a gay can win, it means there is hope that the system can work for all minorities if we fight. We've given them hope.
Nikki Rowe|oh darling,  The darkness is a gift,  And when you realise this, You will never be defeatedAgain.
Scott Ginsberg|He (Kris Medlin) has a communication with a force in pitching that most of us can’t talk to. It’s an awareness; it’s a sixth sense. When he steps in and stares in to that catcher, that little man on his shoulder’s going to take over and tell him what to do. And he’s done it well.
Amanda Orneck, Shadow of the Owl|And that’s how we live: wandering endlessly, concentrically outward, seeking in others a kindling spark of the love which has long lain, dormant, dark, unstoked in our own deepest souls.
Bhavik Sarkhedi, The Weak Point Dealer|If all the dreams come true,would you even dream then?
Franklin Gillette|When you look at another person, see them as an extension of your thought or feeling. What you two thought or felt THEN, magnetically connected you two NOW.
Robert Galbraith, The Cuckoo's Calling|The dead could only speak through the mouths of those left behind, and through the signs they left scattered behind them.
|If you find yourself occasionally or constantly pressured by your friends to live a materialistic lifestyle, you should stay clear from them because they are clearly not your true friends.
Rebecca Pidgeon|When I lived in Baltimore, I would come down fairly often to go to the Hirshhorn, and one of my good friends from high school went to Georgetown. I actually ended up going to Annapolis a lot. I had a car, and it was such a serene place to drive.
Alan W. Watts, The Wisdom of Insecurity: A Message for an Age of Anxiety|What he’s looking for, what he wants, is all around him, but he doesn’t want that because it is all around him. Every step’s an effort, both physically and spiritually, because he imagines his goal to be external and distant.
N. Scott Momaday, The Way to Rainy Mountain|Morning"SUNThat awakens ParisThe highest poplar on the bank On The Eiffel TowerA tricolored cockSings to the flapping of his wingsand several feathers fallAs it resumes its course The Seine looks between the bridgesFor her old routeAnd the Obelisk That has forgotten the Egyptian words Has not blossomed this yearSUN
George Sheehan, Running & Being: The Total Experience|If a man decides that it is better for him to resist the demands of a present feeble love, in the name of another, of a future manifestation, he deceives either himself or other people, and loves no one but himself. Future love does not exist. Love is a present activity only. The man who does not manifest love in the present has not love.
Jessie J|In the British Special Air Service, combat fitness is all about running.
Inga Muscio, Cunt: A Declaration of Independence|Do not, under any circumstances, put this book down and turn on the teevee.The teevee debilitates our culture. 
Trai Byers|The Lord, Jesus Christ, is our perfect example of patience.
Carlos Castañeda, Journey to Ixtlan|Death is the only wise advisor that we have. Whenever you feel, as you always do, that everything is going wrong and you're about to be annihilated, turn to your death and ask if that is so. Your death will tell you that you're wrong; that nothing really matters outside its touch. Your death will tell you, 'I haven't touched you yet.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Confessions of a Misfit|I take it that he is more than just a woodcutter.”“No one is just a woodcutter,” replied Terence.“A person's always more than his present occupation.
Lauryn Hill|If I could believe the Quakers banned music because church music is so damn bad, I should view them with approval.
Tanya R. Liverman, Journey to Legacy: A Poetic Timeline of My Life|Don’t forget to collect the memories on your journey. Remember, if you only focus on your destination, you will miss out on the benefits of the journey.
Fulton J. Sheen|Curiously enough, it seems that at times the spiritual side prevails, and then the materialistic side—in wave-like motions following each other. ...At one time the full flood of materialistic ideas prevails, and everything in this life—prosperity, the education which procures more pleasures, more food—will become glorious at first and then that will degrade and degenerate. Along with the prosperity will rise to white heat all the inborn jealousies and hatreds of the human race. Competition and merciless cruelty will be the watchword of the day. To quote a very commonplace and not very elegant English proverb, "Everyone for himself, and the devil take the hindmost", becomes the motto of the day. Then people think that the whole scheme of life is a failure. And the world would be destroyed had not spirituality come to the rescue and lent a helping hand to the sinking world. Then the world gets new hope and finds a new basis for a new building, and another wave of spirituality comes, which in time again declines. As a rule, spirituality brings a class of men who lay exclusive claim to the special powers of the world. The immediate effect of this is a reaction towards materialism, which opens the door to scores of exclusive claims, until the time comes when not only all the spiritual powers of the race, but all its material powers and privileges are centered in the hands of a very few; and these few, standing on the necks of the masses of the people, want to rule them. Then society has to help itself, and materialism comes to the rescue.
Ann Brashares, The Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants|We're the Septembers now. The real ones. We are everything to one another. We don't need to say so; it's just true. Sometimes it seems like we're so close we form one single complete person rather than four separate ones. We settle into types- Bridget the athlete, Lena the beauty, Tibby the rebel, and me, Carmen, the...what? The one with the bad temper. But the one who cares the most. The one who cares that we stick together.
Boria Sax, The Mythical Zoo: An Encyclopedia Of Animals In World Myth, Legend, And Literature|There is no question that I am the only thing standing between these animals and the business practices of August and Uncle Al, and what my father would do--what my father would want me to do--is look after them, and I am filled with that absolute and unwavering conviction. No matter what I did last night, I cannot leave these animals. I am their shepherd, their protector.
J.K. Rowling|First think of the person who lives in disguise,Who deals in secrets and tells naught but lies.Next, tell me what's always the last thing to mend,The middle of middle and the end of end?And finally give me the sound often heardDuring the search for a hard-to-find word.Now string them together, and answer me this,Which creature would you be unwilling to kiss?
Judy H.|Love alone can’t fix me. I’m broken in ways you can’t imagine. Daily, I’m coping with scenarios I build in my head… scenarios involving you in danger. I see danger everywhere. It’s who I am, what I do. I can’t help the way I feel. I need to closet you, coddle you, protect you against my bosom and smother you.
Rebekkah Ford, Dark Spirits|You two are bad, sneaking behind Mr. Caswell’s back, getting a little something, something on the side.
Paul Auster, The Brooklyn Follies|As long as a man had the courage to reject what society told him to do, he could live life on his own terms. To what end? To be free. But free to what end? To read books, to write books, to think.
Carrie La Seur|Home is not as much about a place you belong, as people you belong to.
Simon Winder, Danubia: A Personal History of Habsburg Europe|He got off on Lincoln and slavery and dared any man there to deny that Lincoln and the negro and Moses and the children of Israel were the same, and that the Red Sea was just the blood that had to be spilled in order that the black race might cross into the Promised Land.
Jennifer A. Nielsen, The Shadow Throne|Books make me happy, the help me escape from reality.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|No old road leads to new destinations! Change begins when one realizes that it is unwise to pour a new wine into an old wine skin. If you change your mind, you have to change your actions too!
Peter S. Jennison|Children deprived of words become school dropouts; dropouts deprived of hope behave delinquently. Amateur censors blame delinquency on reading immoral books and magazines, when in fact, the inability to read anything is the basic trouble.
Adrienne Rich, On Lies, Secrets, and Silence: Selected Prose, 1966-1978|But nothing less than the most radical imagination will carry us beyond this place, beyond the mere struggle for survival, to that lucid recognition of our possibilities which will keep us impatient, and unresigned to mere survival.
Michelle Sagara West, The Broken Crown|In youth,' he said, speaking as if from a great distance, 'we believe, and the death of belief forces us to disavow all belief. But that disavowal, time softens, and if we do not believe, we hope. Belief is easier to kill, somehow, and its death easier to bear.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Judging others is too often escapism dressed in the garb of righteous indignation, whereby I dutifully point out in others that which I probably should be pointing out in myself.
Roseanne Barr|You can spend the day at work, but when you go home, and you're in the role of a father or a husband, you don't have to remind yourself that you shouldn't tell your wife to hold the messages. If you do, that marriage is not going to last very long.
Alice Little, Healing the Traumatised Adult|You are not mad. You are recovering from trauma. Mad people abused you,
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|Be the "Liker"“If you want to be liked, BE THE LIKER!” This was some of the best advice my enlightened mother ever gave me. Throughout my childhood, teen years, and adulthood, this golden nugget of simple wisdom empowered me to take personal responsibility for developing friendships. When you want to reach out, make new friends, and increase your likeability factor, step up and “like” others first. They will usually mirror your initiative and like you back.
J Anderson Coats, Wicked and the Just|Arabella dangled her legs out of the bedroom window and closed her eyes. She felt a butterfly brush against her knee, rubbed her skin against the mortar and bricks, drank in the warmth of the morning sunshine on her face, her arms, her feet.
Peig Sayers, An Old Woman's Reflections: The Life of a Blasket Island Storyteller|Cad é an mhaith dom eagla a bheith orm? Ní shaorfadh eagla duine ón mbás, dar ndóigh.
Christine Warren, Wolf at the Door|Fresh, sweet honeysuckle. Ripe and rich and ready to be fucked--PLUCKED, he corrected himself, ready to be plucked.
Mary E. Pearson, The Adoration of Jenna Fox|To see something marvellous with your own eyes - that’s wonderful enough. But when two of you see it, two of you together, holding hands, holding each other close, knowing that you’ll both have that memory for the rest of your lives, but that each of you will only ever hold an incomplete half of it, and that it won’t ever really exist as a whole until you’re together, talking or thinking about that moment ... that’s worth more than one plus one. It’s worth four, or eight, or some number so large we can’t even imagine it.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|The grace and mercy by which you are not arrested for not paying your daily oxygen bills, is the grace that is sufficient to take you through successfully. It's the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ. Enjoy it!
Christina Engela, Black Sunrise|The human mind houses a rich depository of positive emotions. It also builds a penitentiary that contains cells of ugly emotions. Love and laughter are two of the most esteemed emotions. Hate and jealously are the two of the most odious emotions. Hate is the rawest of all emotions, making hatred the most difficult of all emotions to curb.
Loren Weisman, The Artist's Guide to Success in the Music Business: The “Who, What, When, Where, Why & How” of the Steps that Musicians & Bands Have to Take to Succeed in Music|Learn the rules and learn the game, before you start breaking the rules and changing the game. Your education, experience and understanding of what was and what is, will give you the best foundation to change what will be.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|There exist no purposeful life without the ''sanballat's and the ''Tobiah's''The oppositions in life. they will give you all the necessary reasons why you will fail. Kites do rise by oppositions.Oppositions in life are therefore a necessity for growth. Your oppositions in life will position or disposition you depending on how you position your oppositions.courage, wisdom and God will see you to the top. Beware of tongues of mediocrity as it can be a detriment to your mind and purpose.We were born to be fruitful and multiply.
Stephen   Craig, The Omnipotence Paradox|Am Anfang war Gott? It may have been true, but it was not germane.
Richard M. Rorty|I now wish that I had spent somewhat more of my life with verse. This is not because I fear having missed out on truths that are incapable of statement in prose. There are no such truths; there is nothing about death that Swinburne and Landor knew but Epicurus and Heidegger failed to grasp. Rather, it is because I would have lived more fully if I had been able to rattle off more old chestnuts — just as I would have if I had made more close friends.
Anna Funder, Stasiland: Stories from Behind the Berlin Wall|I kept telling myself that all the women in the world weren´t whores, just mine.
Peter Ackroyd, The Last Testament of Oscar Wilde|But just as my philosophy had ceased to interest me as soon as it was formulated into a set of principles so, when I saw myself being imitated, I realised at once what an incubus my aesthetic personality might become if I were to be trapped within it. Imitation changes, not the impersonator, but the impersonated.
Haruki Murakami|I think that my job is to observe people and the world, and not to judge them. I always hope to position myself away from so-called conclusions. I would like to leave everything wide open to all the possibilities in the world.
H. L. Mencken|Since most American students cannot simply pay their full tuition out of pocket, financing a college education often takes the form of loans, both private and from the government.
Ninni Holmqvist, The Unit|Long live protest songs, in whatever form they take.
Dada Bhagwan|If a person were to get stuck in attachment induced entrancement for any worldly thing for just one hour, then it will last for a hundred years! Because of pleasure resulting effects and intents of engrossment, an indulging bad habit will last one day of Brahma (many many years), therefore it is not worth focusing our awareness anywhere (other than our true self, pure soul).
Eric Bronson, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo and Philosophy: Everything Is Fire|Old Ways May Not Give You UpAn elderly man in a Lobi village once renounced the spirits in favor of Islam by discarding the very beliefs in spirits and mystical inanimate objects that have held our societies together for more three centuries. He threw his fetishes in a nearby lake. Sadly he turned and walked away from the lake and the traditions. As the elder walked away, the fetishes leaped out of the lake onto his back again to reclaim him.“Sometimes the old ways will not give you up”…Chief–Lobi Tribe
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|With faith, hope and enduring spirit we shall triumph.
Janette Rallison, My Unfair Godmother|Don't just read words,' he would tell her as he held up the latest story, 'devour them. Let the words create new worlds.
Michael Shermer, Brain, Belief, and Politics|The Terrible Truth is that brutality is part of human nature, and all the laws in the world can't neuter it.
R. Alan Woods, Kingdom Come: The Already But Not Yet|Martin took the same course, thinking as he went, that perhaps the free and independent citizens, who in their moral elevation, owned the colonel for their master, might render better homage to the goddess, Liberty, in nightly dreams upon the oven of a Russian Serf.
Debasish Mridha|Always be friendly, always be kind,Like the most beautiful flower that you can find.
Luis Gutierrez|There are great legends and great fighters in the history of Mexico, and there will be more to come.
José N. Harris|There comes a time in your life, when you walk away from all the drama and people who create it. You surround yourself with people who make you laugh. Forget the bad and focus on the good. Love the people who treat you right, pray for the ones who do not. Life is too short to be anything but happy. Falling down is a part of life, getting back up is living.
Joe Lieberman|I literally used to stare at my face in the mirror with hate and anger. I'd focus on those gigantic zits and just wail about what a monster I was, how I would never have a career because of my gross skin. I couldn't pass a mirror with out thinking about how hideous my skin was and how I wished I was someone else, someone with perfect skin.
Wilbur Smith|In a way, NAFTA is like a scrambled egg. How do you unscramble an egg? The value chains are so interwoven that it would be very difficult to do that. But government policies force us to look for ways to unscramble it.
Marco Rubio|Here in America, those who once had no hope will give their kids the chance at a life they always wanted for themselves. Here in America, generations of unfulfilled dreams will finally come to pass.
Idries Shah, Learning How to Learn: Psychology and Spirituality in the Sufi Way|What you are seeking in your retreat, I see clearly in every road and alleyway.
Robert Towne, Chinatown|If you can film an idea in your mind, follow that film idea shot for shot, scene for scene, that idea is worth making.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|What is it with you today?” says Christina on the way to breakfast. Her eyes are stillswollen from sleep and her tangled hair forms a fuzzy halo around her face.“Oh, you know,” I say. “Sun shining. Birds chirping.”She raises an eyebrow at me, as if reminding me that we are in an undergroundtunnel.
Thomas Jefferson, Letters of Thomas Jefferson|May it [American independence] be to the world, what I believe it will be, (to some parts sooner, to others later, but finally to all,) the signal of arousing men to burst the chains under which monkish ignorance and superstition had persuaded them to bind themselves, and to assume the blessings and security of self-government. That form which we have substituted, restores the free right to the unbounded exercise of reason and freedom of opinion. All eyes are opened, or opening, to the rights of man. The general spread of the light of science has already laid open to every view the palpable truth, that the mass of mankind has not been born with saddles on their backs, nor a favored few booted and spurred, ready to ride them legitimately... These are grounds of hope for others. For ourselves, let the annual return of this day forever refresh our recollections of these rights, and an undiminished devotion to them.]
Thomas Hughes, Tom Brown's Schooldays|Don't be in a hurry about finding your work in the world for yourself—you are not old enough to judge for yourself yet; but just look about you in the place you find yourself in, and try to make things a little better and honester there.
Simon Mawer, The Glass Room|She knows what it is to be sad and miserable, but those emotions are almost enjoyable. They throw moments of happiness and laughter into sharper relief.
Niccolò Machiavelli|It is not titles that honour men, but men that honour titles.
Nikki Sex, Bound and Freed Boxed Set|Yes, she fears the cuffs, the cross and the whip, but she will get past this. Such problems, even with time, do not go away on their own. They must be addressed.André Chevalier
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|George watched this exchange with disappointment. "Performance parenting" was how Tina used to describe it. Seeking to charm listeners in public with one's patience and good humor, using one's child as a foil. Had George not been there, Emily would have told Nicholas to be quiet or no ice cream and that would have been the end of it.
Richard Wright, Black Boy|All Communist Parties, upon attaining power, have become completely merciless. But at the stage before they achieve power, it is necessary to use disguises.
Amy Hatvany|Please don't misunderstand me. I'm not saying motherhood lacks meaning. There's great dignity in the smallness of motherhood; we're essential in our contingency. And though we may not follow the Western model of the epic hero, we mothers can find a metaphor for our lives. The metaphor is in the kuroko, the Kabuki theater stage assistant. You've heard of Kabuki—with its wildly theatrical actors, its gorgeous costumes, and spectacular scale. The kuroko are assistants who help the actors move through their elaborate dramas. Meant to provide unobtrusive assistance with props and costumes, kuroko try to remain in the wings. They huddle in half-kneeling posture, wearing black bags over their heads and bodies—the better to recede into both actors' and audience's preconscious mind. Scurrying to arrange the trailing hems of heavy brocade kimonos, like an American mother repeatedly straightening her daughter's wedding train, the kuroko's role is to suport the real players of life's dramas.
Liu Cixin, Death's End|No one gets away with committting murder on the premises.""No exceptions?" she asked.His smile was as cold as his eyes. "One exception.""You," she said."Me."She took a short, tight breath."But you didn't kill Gloria Maitland," she said."What makes you so sure I didn't murder her?""You're a magician. You would have done a better job of it.
Jack Hanna|In a world that is constantly changing, there is no one subject or set of subjects that will serve you for the foreseeable future, let alone for the rest of your life. The most important skill to acquire now is learning how to learn.
Rachel Caine, Kiss of Death|Oh hell no. Guys don’t talk about that crap.”“You’re serious.”“Really.”“What do you talk about?”Shane looked at her as if she were insane. “You know. Stuff. We’re not girls. We don’t talk about our feelings. I mean, not to other guys.”Claire rolled her eyes and said, “Fine, be emotionally stunted losers; I don’t care.
Stephen McAndrew, Why It Doesn't Matter What You Believe If It's Not True: Is There Absolute Truth?|Given our obsession with self, it is hardly surprising we think it is fine for us to live in a world with malleable moral markers, as long as we get our own way without being bullied by others into accepting their way of doing things. We want others to respect moral boundaries that we want to be free to ignore when it suits.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|Bless the bright eyes of your sex! They never see, whether for good or bad, more than one side of any question; and that is always, the one which first presents itself to them.
Guy Sajer, The Forgotten Soldier|As I remember his laugh, there was nothing mad about it, it was more like the laugh of someone who has been the victim of a practical joke, a farce in which he had believed until suddenly he realized his folly.
Jim Butcher, Grave Peril|Let come the forces of night! We will stand!" "We will get the hell out of here is what we will do," I muttered.
Hermann Hesse|The “music of decline” had sounded, as in that wonderful Chinese fable; like a thrumming bass on the organ its reverberations faded slowly out over decades; its throbbing could be heard in the corruption of the schools, periodicals, and universities, in melancholia and insanity among those artists and critics who could still be taken seriously; it raged as untrammeled and amateurish overproduction in all the arts.
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|True happiness is a state of mind and must come to you through the recognition of your own power and the finding of your own place in the world.” Venice Bloodworth, Key to Yourself
Fiona Thrust, Naked and Sexual|It was the wildness of it that got me going: the primal lust, the sheer needs of two people in heat, quickly finding ways to express their sacred hunger to each other in animal passion.
Cassandra Clare, City of Lost Souls|It was stupid to hope, she knew. But sometimes hope was all you had.
Germany Kent|I can’t control who follows me, but I can control who I follow.[Social Media]
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, The Inexplicable Logic of My Life|We'd been so sure of ourselves, but now we were lost.
Jack Nicklaus|The hope of the nation which throughout the nineteenth century had not for a moment reconciled itself with the loss of independence, and fighting for its own freedom, fought at the same time for the freedom of other nations.
Debbie Howells, The Bones of You|I discover, too, that grief is different to different people. Comes in many guises. In shocked silences and closed doors around our village, as people try to shut it out. That a blank face or fleeting smile can hide the worst, most private kind of agony.
Kim McMillen, When I Loved Myself Enough|When I loved myself enough, I let the tomboy in me swing off the rope in Jackass Canyon. Yes!
Leon Uris, Exodus|He shall spurn fate, scorn death, and bear His hopes 'bove wisdom, grace and fear:And you all know, securityIs mortals' chiefest enemy.
Jancee Dunn|I get out of the car, and I'm blasted by the stench of body odor. Cricket is beside me, and he's talking, but his words don't reach my ears.Because it's my mother.Smelling.On my porch.
Nydia Velazquez|Allah's the Arabic term for God. Stand up for God, fight for God, work for God and do the right thing, and go the right way, things will end up in your corner.
Robin Hobb, Fool's Quest|Mammy's heart was like a pallid beach where Laila's footprints would forever wash away beneath the waves of sorrow that swelled and crashed, swelled and crashed.
Denis Waitley|The more things change, the more they are the same.
Orison Swett Marden|In strictly medical terms, there's no difference between HIV and diabetes; they're not curable, but they're very, very highly treatable, and early information is power. The only thing - literally the only thing - that is different is the stigma. And we have to overcome it, because it is now the only reason people are dying.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann, Love Poems: Love Conquers All|You're my mirror image? No, I don't think so. I'm I. And you're you. & together, we are inseparable.
Shiv Khera, You Can Win: A Step by Step Tool for Top Achievers|This one phrase, "It is my life, I will do what I want," has done more damage than good. People choose to ignore the spirit and derive the meaning that is convenient to them. Such people have tied this phrase to selfishness and I'm sure that was not the intent. These people forget that we don't live in isolation. What you do affects me and what I do affects you. We are connected. We have to realize that we are sharing this planet and we must learn to behave responsibly. There are two kinds of people in this world--takers and givers. Takers eat well and givers sleep well. Givers have high self-esteem, a positive attitude, and they serve society. By serving society, I do not mean a run-of-the-mill pseudo leader-turned- politician who serves himself by pretending to serve others. As human beings, we all have the need to receive and take. But a healthy personality with high self-esteem is one that not only has its need to take but also to give.
Judy Smith|The characteristics of an authentically empowered personality are humbleness, clarity, forgiveness and love.
Eric Berne, Games People Play|Such a woman is called "Mother's FRIEND" always ready to give judicious Parental advice and living vicariously on the experience of others
Amit Kalantri|Love' is the only weapon I have, I will defend with love, I will attack with love.
Sarah J. Maas|One faerie - and then we were free. Just on more swing of my arm. And maybe one more after that - maybe one more swing, up and inward and into my own heart.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|People are supossed to aspire to become their fathers, not shudder at the thought.
Novellina A., Fantasy|No matter what she'd done in our past, I would always want her. I could turn away and show restraint a thousand times, and it would never lessen the hunger I had for that woman.
Anthony L. Williams|If you want to change your future, you have to change your now, and to change your now you must change your mindset.
Edward Abbey, A Voice Crying in the Wilderness (Vox Clamantis in Deserto): Notes from a Secret Journal|I don’t know why we keep building these fucking dams,” Adams said in a surprisingly forceful British whisper. “Not only do they cause environmental and social disasters, they, with very few exceptions, all fail to do what they were supposed to do in the first place. Look at the Amazon, where they’ve all silted up. What is the reaction to that? They’re going to build another eighty of them. It’s just balmy. We must have beaver genes or something. . . . There’s just this kind of sensational desire to build dams, and maybe that should be looked at and excised from human nature. Maybe the Human Genome Project can locate the beaver/dam-building gene and cut that out.
Erasmus|When I have a little money, I buy books; and if I have any left, I buy food and clothes.
Thomas Jefferson|I decided, very early on, just to accept life unconditionally; I never expected it to do anything special for me, yet I seemed to accomplish far more than I had ever hoped. Most of the time it just happened to me without my ever seeking it.
Deyth Banger|I really like the topic about time is an Illusion and also this quote "#Time Physical things are merely the collapse of psychic things into physical reality." - it's powerful. As much you repeat it as much powerful it gets.
Marjorie Spock|In a universe where all life is in movement, where ever fact seen in perspective is totally engaging, we impose stillness on lively young bodies, distort reality to dullness, make action drudgery. Those who submit - as the majority does - are conditioned to a life lived without their human birthright: work done with the joy and creativity of love.But what are schools for if not to make children fall so deeply in love with the world that they really want to learn about it? That is the true business of schools. And if they succeed in it, all other desirable developments follow of themselves.In a proper school, no fact would ever be presented as a soulless one, for the simple reason that there is no such thing. Every facet of reality, discovered where it lives, startles with its wonder, beauty, meaning.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Too often my solution is to let something die because I can’t keep it alive, when God’s solution is to let something live because His Son already died for it.
sd|He believed that life gives us all a few moments of happiness. For some they last hours or days, for a few lucky ones they last for years. The memories from those moments stays with us forever and turns into a country of memory to which we try to go back for the rest of our lives without ever being able to
J.K. Rowling|The plan, which I really hope I fulfilled, is that the reader, like Harry, would gradually discover Ginny as pretty much the ideal girl for Harry. She’s tough, not in an unpleasant way, but she’s gutsy. He needs to be with someone who can stand the demands of being with Harry Potter, because he’s a scary boyfriend in a lot of ways. He’s a marked man. I think she’s funny, and I think that she’s very warm and compassionate. These are all things that Harry requires in his ideal woman…. Initially, she’s terrified by his image. I mean, he’s a bit of a rock god to her when she sees him first, at 10 or 11, and he’s this famous boy. So Ginny had to go through a journey… I didn’t want Ginny to be the first girl that Harry ever kissed. That’s something I meant to say, and it’s kind of tied in…. And I feel that Ginny and Harry, in this book, they are total equals. They are worthy of each other. They’ve both gone through a big emotional journey, and they’ve really got over a lot of delusions together. So, I enjoyed writing that. I really like Ginny as a character.
Lindsay Paige, Don't Panic|People complain about cold weather during winter, about hot weather during summer and about rain in rainyseason. People who are single are depressed that they are single, those who are married think that singlesare having more fun, people with darker skin want to get fair skin, people with white skin want tanning and the list never ends. Sometimes I think what wouldhappen to people’s life if you take their complaining habit out of their life? -Subodh Gupta author, "Stress Management a Holistic Approach-5 Steps Plan
Sonia Sotomayor, My Beloved World|The differences were plain enough, and yet I saw that they were as nothing compared with what we had in common. As I lay in bed at night, the sky outside my window reflecting the city's dim glow, I thought about Abuelita’s fierce loyalty to blood. But what really binds people as family? The way they shore themselves up with stories; the way siblings can feud bitterly but still come through for each other; how an untimely death, a child gone before a parent, shakes the very foundations; how the weaker ones, the ones with invisible wounds, are sheltered; how a constant din is medicine against loneliness; and how celebrating the same occasions year after year steels us to the changes they herald. And always food at the center of it all.
Marie Antoinette|In real estate, you make 10% of your money because you're a genius and 90% because you catch a great wave.
Kasey Collin P. Dumdum|For every transaction, there is someone willing to buy and someone willing to sell at an agreed price, both believing that it's good value and that the counterparty is a little crazy.
Aaron Schock|I suppose I should say that I treasure blasphemy, as a faith of the highest order.
D.W. Ulsterman|America at a turning point! But in 1813 the United States and Nathan Jeffries may lose everything; blockaded, imprisoned, raided, massacred, Americans are feeling the wrath of British forces on land and sea. Nathan Jeffries, son of Captain William Jeffries and Quaker wife Amy, is also haunted by betrayal and a relentless, deadly enemy seeking to destroy him. Facing his own worst fears, Nathan is hunter and hunted in a violent world at war.
Katandra Jackson Nunnally|Children believe what you promise. They are excited and expectant. Your nature must be like theirs: bold, daring, unafraid and eager to experience the victory God has already assured.
Charles Morgan|Indeed, man wishes to be happy even when he so lives as to make happiness impossible.
Katie Reus, Protective Instinct|In wolf form, Ryan stalked through the woods, his hunger - and anger - mounting each second that passed. He'd just found out from Ana that Teresa had gone riding out to check the fence lines.	By herself.... 	Panic hummed through him as he raced through a small patch of trees, lush and green now that it was spring.
Lisa Jey Davis, Getting Over Your Ovaries: How to Make 'The Change of Life' Your Bitch|The Dalai Lama, when asked what surprised him most about humanity, he said:'Man. Because he sacrifices his health in order to make money. Then he sacrifices money to recuperate his health. And then he is so anxious about the future that he does not enjoy the present; the result being that he does not live in the present or the future; he lives as if he is never going to die, and then dies having never really lived.
Ted Dekker, When Heaven Weeps|If you were to put all of the world’s pain in one fifty-five gallon drum, it would look silly next to the mountains of gold and silver found in each moment with God. Our problem is that we rarely see past the drum – The Dance of the Dead
Thomas Paine|Adversity makes men, and prosperity makes monsters.
Debasish Mridha|In my heart, a live fireLike the morning sun Burning my mind, to purify the soulThat is my love.
Haruki Murakami|Yet even so, Jon Snow was not sorry he had come. There were wonders here as well. He had seen sunlight flashing on icy thin waterfalls as they plunged over the lips of sheer stone cliffs, and a mountain meadow full of autumn wildflowers, blue coldsnaps and bright scarlet frostfires and stands of piper's grass in russet and gold. He had peered down ravines so deep and black they seemed certain to end in some hell, and he had ridden his garron over a wind-eaten bridge of natural stone with nothing but sky to either side. Eagles nested in the heights and came down to hunt the valleys, circling effortlessly on great blue-grey wings that seemed almost part of the sky.
Ehab Atalla, The Secrets of Business|If you see something working for someone else, and you are in the same business, more than likely it will work for you.
Linda Hogan|The real ceremony begins where the formal one ends, when we take up a new way, our minds and hearts filled with the vision of earth that holds us within it, in compassionate relationship to and with our world.
Alexander Chee|Every now and then, you find a book that feels like it was keyed to your DNA.
John E. Mackey, Conscious Capitalism: Liberating the Heroic Spirit of Business|Seek within, for the answer cannot be found without.
Sophie Kinsella, Shopaholic to the Rescue|Some things are private. I mean, we're grown-ups now. You don't share everything.
Steven Wright|Parisians overwhelmingly buy small cars. And it's not because people are petite, but because fuel is drop-dead expensive. Gasoline costs more than twice as much in Paris as in New York.
Colleen Ferrary Bader|When you finally learn that you are not the smartest person in the room- you will build a better product, have better relationships, and eliminate wasted time.
Stephen King, Under the Dome|While your beliefs may change over time, the truth will not
Jeremy Aldana, Boys Will Be Boys|What makes and experience a memory is when we share with someone, the emotions we felt
Kenneth Roberts, Oliver Wiswell|When our little bit is combined with His greatness, the team is unbeatable.
Murray J. McAlister|Sometimes, this disapproval of how you are managing your pain crosses over to disbelief that you are in as much pain as you say you are. They don’t believe that your pain is a legitimate enough reason to rest or nap or cry or take narcotic medications or not go to work or to go to the doctor. They might think that you are making too big of a deal out of it. They doubt the legitimacy of the pain itself.This kind of stigma is the source of the dreaded accusation that chronic pain is “all in your head.” It’s as if to say that you are making a mountain out of a molehill.
Ashly Lorenzana, Speed Needles|I have tried to communicate my ideas in a language that preserves connections, a language that is faithful both to the dispassionate, reasoned traditions of my profession and to the passionate claims of people who have been violated and outraged. I have tried to find a language that can withstand the imperatives of doublethink and allows all of us to come a little closer to facing the unspeakable.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|The female brain itself is a highly intuitive emotion-processing machine, which when put to practice in the progress of the society, would do much more than any man can with all his analytical perspectives.
Jeffrey McDaniel|But one kiss levitates above all the others. Theintersection of function and desire. The I do kiss.The I’ll love you through a brick wall kiss.Even when I’m dead, I’ll swim through the Earth,like a mermaid of the soil, just to be next to your bones.
Dwight D. Eisenhower|I love this life. I feel like I am always catching my breath and saying, 'Oh! Will you look at that?' Photography has been my way of bearing witness to the joy I find in seeing the extraordinary in ordinary life. You don't look for pictures. Your pictures are looking for you.
Glen Hirshberg|Children will always be afraid of the dark, and men with minds sensitive to hereditary impulse will always tremble at the thought of the hidden and fathomless worlds of strange life which may pulsate in the gulfs beyond the stars, or press hideously upon our own globe in unholy dimensions which only the dead and the moonstruck can glimpse.”— “Supernatural Horror in Literature
Pink Floyd|I took a heavenly ride through our silenceI knew the moment had arrivedFor killing the past and coming back to life".
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you stretch your soul, you will find your sacred spirit.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|Indeed, learning to write may be part of learning to read. For all I know, writing comes out of a superior devotion to reading.
Ron Baratono|You’re going to mess up in life. We’re all going to do things and wonder why we did something so stupid. There’s going to be times we say things that leave us feeling regretful. We’re going to feel mad at ourselves and even shameful at our own actions. Never be too proud to say you’re sorry or I love you. These are easy words that strengthen our heart, and give us peace and wisdom.
Ingela Bohm, The Road Taken|We are Darwin’s confetti. Some of us fall on bare rock. No matter how good you are, you can fail spectacularly. Just because you were at the wrong place at the wrong time. Or just because of some fatal flaw. Nothing to do with talent.
Ann Zwinger, Downcanyon: A Naturalist Explores the Colorado River through the Grand Canyon|I pace the shallow sea, walking the time between, reflecting on the type of fossil I’d like to be. I guess I’d like my bones to be replaced by some vivid chert, a red ulna or radius, or maybe preserved as the track of some lug-soled creature locked in the sandstone- how did it walk, what did it eat, and did it love sunshine?
Pearl Zhu, 100 Creativity Ingredients: Everyone's Playbook to Unlock Creativity|A curious mind enjoys inquiring, experimenting and discovering.
William Hazlitt|Brainy folks were also present in Lyndon Johnson's administration, especially in the Pentagon, where Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara's brilliant 'whiz kids' tried to micro-manage the Vietnam war, with disastrous results.
John Green|I would rather live a life alone, than live a life based on lies, deceit and manipulation
Israelmore Ayivor, Shaping the dream|See failure as an opportunity to try again with a relatively powerful approach, skill, knowledge and conviction. Redefine yourself.
Edward Albee, Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?|George, who is out somewhere there in the dark, who is good to me - whom I revile, who can keep learning the games we play as quickly as I can change them. Who can make me happy and I do not wish to be happy. And yes, I do wish to be happy. George and Martha: Sad, sad, sad. Whom I will not forgive for having come to rest; for having seen me and having said: “Yes, this will do”. Who has made the hideous, the hurting, the insulting mistake of loving… me, and must be punished for it. George and Martha… Sad, sad, sad.
Benny Bellamacina, Piddly Poems for Children, v.2|We're on a planet, relax!
Thom Tillis|In terms of the legal matter of creating a contract between two people that's called marriage, and allowing them to live together with the protection of law, it seems to me is the way we should be moving in this country.
Isaac Bashevis Singer|And here you see me working out, as cheerfully and thankfully as I may, my doom of sharing in the glass a constant change of customers, and of lying down and rising up with the skeleton allotted to me for my mortal companion.
Don Roff|You cannot write your character until you know how he or she thinks, until you know what their philosophy is in the world that they occupy.
Liz de Jager, Banished|Well, it's nice to know that the Trolls made it this far south,' Ulath said. 'I'd hate to have to go looking for them.''Their Gods were guiding them, Ulath,' Tynian pointed out.'You've never talked with the Troll-Gods, I see,' Ulath laughed. 'Their sense of direction is a little vague - probably because their compass only has two directions on it.''Oh?''North and not-north. It makes finding places a little difficult.
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr.|The great thing in this world is not so much where we are, but in what direction we are going.
Bonnie McKee|I spent 250 to 300 days of every year on the road. But in the end, I felt something was missing. I needed to be anchored so I could concentrate, so in 2000, I established a new methodology - the one I use today. I spent the week in my office and travelled every weekend, even at Christmas.
John Lubbock, The Pleasures of Life|When we have done our best, we should wait the result in peace.
Adam P. Knave, Stays Crunchy in Milk|Each moment is a poetic expression of the undefined. As long as it remains undefined, it has all the beauty of the world and it steps inside to nurture your dreams.
Beth Kephart, Undercover|The night before, I'd gone overboard with my Lila poems, and maybe it's true that I was hoping that in them he'd see the genius of me, the beauty of my words in his hands.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Dream Chaser|That's it, I'm going to beat you down and make you sorry."Xypher froze as he braced himself for her attack.But instead of her giving him pain, she tickled him. It took him several seconds before he realized her intent. By then she was pouting."You're not ticklish. Well, that stinks." She sat back and crossed her arms over her chest, hiding the breasts he loved to tease."I'm sorry," he said, trying to cheer her. "If it'll make you happy, I'll pretend to be." "No it's okay. Can't have everything, I suppose." She paused at the edge of the bed. "But you come darn close.""Close to what?""Being perfect. Only you're more than that, Xypher. You're wonde
Annie Dillard, The Writing Life|One of the few things I know about writing is this:spend it all, shoot it, play it, lose it, right away, every time. Do not hoard what seems good for a later place in the book, or for another book; give it, give it all, give it now. The impulse to save something good for a better place later is a signal to spend it now. Something more will arise later, something better. These things fill from behind, from beneath, like well water.
Jared Brock, A Year of Living Prayerfully: How a Curious Traveler Met the Pope, Walked on Coals, Danced with Rabbis, and Revived His Prayer Life|Strength is gathered on the journey, not granted at the outset.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|Here's a news flash for the ladies: for every one of you who thinks we all want a girl like Angelina Jolie, all skinny elbows and angles, the truth is, we'd rather curl up with someone like Charlotte - a woman who's soft when a guy wraps his arms around her; a woman who might have a smear of flour on her shirt the whole day and not notice or care, not even when she goes out to meet with the PTA; a woman who doesn't feel like an exotic vacation but is the home we can't wait to come back to.
Sambhav Ratnakar, The Covert Perspective|I love you. You're the only one." She isn't the first woman he's ever said that to. He shouldn't have used it up so much earlier in his life, he shouldn't have treated it like a tool, a wedge, a key to open women. By the time he got around to meaning it, the words had sounded fraudulent to him and he'd been ashamed to pronounce them.
Jean-Baptiste Lamarck|Every sentence I utter must be understood not as an affirmation but as a question.[A caution he gives his students, to be wary of dogmatism.]
Ellen J. Barrier|In Shahid's view, the best way through difficult times, as through life in general, was just to go along with things. It was a rare problem that couldn't be solved by being ignored.
Homer|Ultimately, freedom and democracy are stronger than fear and tyranny.
Jon Batiste|It's very easy to be cynical about the hall of fame. But on the other hand, it's really a beautiful thing for someone like me. I dedicated my entire life to this music.
Gino Norris|Whatever you think you are, you are always bigger than that...
Nikki Rowe|The hardest lesson to learn, is one where someone takes away your freedom; with out your consent... You grow, you ache, the pain never eases you just become strong, And one day you will wake up & all of a sudden all the darkness that surrounded you now surrounds the doer of the bad deed. Why...Because you forgave them, your free now.
Toni Morrison|How soon country people forget. When they fall in love with a city it is forever, and it is like forever. As though there never was a time when they didn't love it. The minute they arrive at the train station or get off the ferry and glimpse the wide streets and the wasteful lamps lighting them, they know they are born for it. There, in a city, they are not so much new as themselves: their stronger, riskier selves.
Gyan Nagpal, Talent Economics: The Fine Line Between Winning and Losing the Global War for Talent|What will you do?" Eva would ask him. "I don't know," he would say. He ruled out law, because he didn't like lawyers, and he ruled out medicine because he couldn't take the sight of blood. "What will you do?" It was only through default that the best professor I ever had became a teacher.
Hugh Prather, I Touch the Earth, the Earth Touches Me|Do you ever lose the ego?” Westford asks me.“Yeah.” When his daughter kisses me, my ego flies out the window.
Terje B. Englund, The Czechs In A Nutshell|Although i hate having to admit this, but the one good thing those annoying communists did right was to treat religion like a type of addiction and completely banned all practicies of it-Tanya Degurechaff (Youjo Senki)
M.F. Moonzajer|If you look up 'atheism' in the dictionary, you will probably find it defined as the belief that there is no God. Certainly many people understand atheism in this way. Yet many atheists do not, and this is not what the term means if one considers it from the point of view of its Greek roots. In Greek 'a' means 'without' or 'not' and 'theos' means 'god.' From this standpoint an atheist would simply be someone without a belief in God, not necessarily someone who believes that God does not exist. According to its Greek roots, then, atheism is a negative view, characterized by the absence of belief in God.
Luis Federico Leloir|There won't be any biographies of me, for only one reason, lives spent between the house and the chicken farm do not make for exciting copy.
Friedrich Nietzsche, On the Genealogy of Morals|We are unknown to ourselves, we men of knowledge - and with good reason. We have never sought ourselves - how could it happen that we should ever find ourselves? It has rightly been said: "Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also"; our treasure is where the beehives of our knowledge are.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|I didn't get to God by effort or title, I got there by invitation. God can lift you quickly if you let Him. He really cares.
Maimonides, Rambam: Shemonah Perakim, The Eight Chapters; Maimonides' Introduction to Ethics of the Fathers; Perek Chelek; Discourse on the World to Come|The first guy asks the second guy, 'Do you believe in free will?' The second guy answers, 'I have no choice.
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|And as for the enlightened, one can only pity them the deceptions of their muses.
Rachel Caine, Fade Out|Shane kissed her one more time, lightly and softly, and fluffed her hair back from her face. “To be continued,” he said. “I hate cliff-hangers.” “Blame Eve.
Mishi McCoy, The Lovely Knowing|I know you are tired. I know you are hurting. I know that even among the crowds and or with your closest loved ones, you feel terribly alone in the world. I know that in the quietness, a thousand hell hounds are barking and snarling at your heels.They tell you, "Everything is wrong with you. You are a failure. You will never live to see your dreams and visions come to pass. You know you should just throw in the towel. No one would even miss you if you were gone. Exit from this cruel insane assylum you call home. We will even tell you how to end 'it'."But don't you dare entertain those hounds of hell, no, not even for one moment. See, you not only have the elixir of Life inside of your organs and your veins; you are the Elixir of Life of a Celestial domain. For every hell hound nipping at your ears, there are eight hundred angels rushing to you with every holy breath....you take. Every step you make fuels the fire of Love in your behalf.See, nothing is wrong with you. Every thing is right with you. You are cut from iron. You have long exchanged your velveteen fabric and cotton stuffing for blazen guts and a heart of gold. You are the head and not the tail. You are the water in the desert, the ripple in the steam, the sword AND the stone and you, glorious being, are not alone!We are one and we are many. We've known lack, but we are plenty. We are not on the cusp of a break through. We are the cusp and we are the break --- through. We are the old and we are the new. Who knew? You did. You do. And don't you ever forget that.
Dean Ornish|The idea that there is one kind of African is, of course, ridiculous. Sometimes African entrepreneurs want to kill you because you are saying public health is the priority, not roads. Of course they are right to press for that issue, but so are we right, I believe, to argue, for example, that millions of children could and should be vaccinated.
Enrique Iglesias|The more closely you get in touch with your dreams, the more able you are to make them real. The more vividly you consider how you want your world to be, the more real and effective tools you will have for making it so.
Olaf Stapledon, Star Maker|I perceived that I was on a little round grain of rock and metal, filmed with water and with air, whirling in sunlight and darkness. And on the skin of that little grain all the swarms of men, generation by generation, had lived in labour and blindness, with intermittent joy and intermittent lucidity of spirit. And all their history, with its folk-wanderings, its empires, its philosophies, its proud sciences, its social revolutions, its increasing hunger for community, was but a flicker in one day of the lives of the stars.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|Once I knew what was bothering me, the greater part of my uneasiness left. Fear tends to come from ignorance. Once I knew what the problem was, it was just a problem, nothing to fear.
Aidan McNally, Two Sons Too Many|Accepting the facts is always tough, so we search for forgiveness to this universe everyday to break the shackles, hurt is a prison and I from a very young young age refused to be held prisoner or even conform.
Sally Hawkins|Extra dimensional theories are sometimes considered science fiction with equations. I think that's a wrong attitude. I think extra dimensions are with us, they are with us to stay, and they entered physics a long time ago. They are not going to go away.
John Green, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|you can pick your friends, and you can pick your nose, but you can't pick your friends nose.
Maggie Stiefvater, The Raven Boys|We have to be back in three hours," Ronan said. "I just fed Chainsaw but she'll need it again.""This," Gansey replied "is precisely why I didn't want to have a baby with you.
Dean Koontz, The Darkest Evening of the Year|Because God is never cruel, there is a reason for all things. We must know the pain of loss; because if we never knew it, we would have no compassion for others, and we would become monsters of self-regard, creatures of unalloyed self-interest. The terrible pain of loss teaches humility to our prideful kind, has the power to soften uncaring hearts, to make a better person of a good one.
Avina Celeste|Fear of change doesn't fade away. If you want to get past it, you must be brave and take action. It may be hard but things will stay the same way forever if you don't.
Hank Bracker|LikedFollowingMessageMoreContact Us..StatusPhoto / VideoOffer, Event +.Write something....1 Draft Created Saturday, November 5 at 4:05pm. See draft..The Year of “AlphabetizationIn the Cuban post revolution era it was at “Che” Guevara who promoted educational and health reforms. 1961 became the “Year of Cuban Literacy” or the “Campaña Nacional de Alfabetización en Cuba,” meaning the “Year of Alphabetization in Cuba.” The illiteracy rate had increased throughout Cuba after the revolution. Fidel Castro in a speech told prospective literacy teachers, “You will teach, and you will learn,” meaning that this educational program would become a two-way street. Both public and private schools were closed two months earlier, for the summer than usual, so that both teachers and students could voluntarily participate in this special ambitious endeavor.A newly uniformed army of young teachers went out into the countryside, to help educate those in need of literacy education. It was the first time that a sexually commingled group would spend the summer together, raising the anxiety of many that had only known a more Victorian lifestyle. For the first time boys and girls, just coming of age, would be sharing living conditions together. This tended to make young people more self-sufficient and thought to give them a better understanding of the Revolution.It is estimated that a million Cubans took part in this educational program. Aside from the primary purpose of decreasing illiteracy, it gave the young people from urban areas an opportunity to see firsthand what conditions were like in the rural parts of Cuba. Since it was the government that provided books and supplies, as well as blankets, hammocks and uniforms, it is no surprise that the educational curriculum included the history of the Cuban Revolution, however it made Cuba the most literate countries in the world with a UNESCO literacy rate in 2015, of 99.7%.By Captain Hank Bracker, author of the award winning book “The Exciting Story of Cuba,” Follow Captain Hank Bracker on Facebook, Goodreads, his Website account and Twitter.
Mateo Sol, Awakened Empath: The Ultimate Guide to Emotional, Psychological and Spiritual Healing|Why is sensitivity perceived as being dangerous? When we’re sensitive, we feel things we were taught not to feel. When we’re sensitive, we are completely open to attack. When we’re sensitive, we are awake and in touch with our hearts – and this can be very threatening to the status quo indeed.
H.L. Mencken, The Philosophy of Friedrich Nietzsche|Evolution, energy, and ethics are the core elements that will guide us along the challenging path toward the Life Era: the first - evolution - because a good understanding of our universal roots and of our place in the cosmic scheme of things will help us create a feasible future course; the second - energy - because our fate will bear strongly on the ways that humankind learns to use energy efficiently and safely; and the third - ethics - because global citizenship and a planetary society are crucial factors in the survival of our species.
E. Jamie, The Vendetta|Last night, Bree had been taken. Thoroughly, utterly taken. Gently or roughly, it didn’t matter. This man had reached into the darkest part of her mind, had brought out and laid bare the desires she admitted to no one but herself in her most secret, quiet moments. Her hunger had been allowed to run free. There’d been no guilt, no remorse. Nothing was ‘wrong’. And God, the feeling of freedom was damned addictive. What did that say about her? How could she love Michael, yet give a part of her she’d never felt comfortable sharing with Michael to this stranger.
Laurie Buchanan, PhD|The capitalists are the brains of civilization, because they supply the entire fabric of which all education, enlightenment and human progress consists.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Bullet|The problem with people who say monsters don't really exist is that they're almost never saying it to the monsters." —Alice Healy
Norman Douglas, South Wind|How naive and foolish the young are to imagine that they understand the loneliness of great age, the outliving of your contemporaries, anyone to whom your century of memory might make any sense.
Florence Falk, On My Own: The Art of Being a Woman Alone|We, who are so schooled in the art of listening to the voices of others, can often hear our own voice only when we are alone. . . For many women, the first choice, then, is to give ourselves the necessary time and space in which to renew our acquaintance with our lost voice, to learn to recognize it, and to rejoice as we hear it express our truth.
Muhammad Ali, The Soul of a Butterfly: Reflections on Life's Journey|If my mind can conceive it, and my heart can believe it - then I can achieve it.
Herman Hoeksema|Endurance is not the frail and tenuous thing some think it, but is in reality the measuring rod of our sanity and may be safely stretched to fill our direst need.
Amit Kalantri|Entertainment is temporary happiness, but the real happiness is permanent entertainment.
Brenda Sutton Rose|My mama steps out of her dressand drops it, an inheritance falling to my feet.She stands alone: bathed, blooming,burdened with nothing of this world.Her body is naked and beautiful,her wings gray and scorched,her brown eyes piercing the brown of mine.I watch her departure, her flapping wings:She doesn’t look back, not even once,not even to whisper my name
|If it doesn't look like success, it isn't your true destiny on earth.
Steven Magee, Solar Radiation, Global Warming and Human Disease|Trees are affected by many factors. Global warming is changing rainfall, humidity, air composition, solar radiation, heating and cooling. Plants are sensitive to any of these factors. When all of the factors start to change at once, it may lead to devastation in the plant world.
Albert Camus, The Plague|If she'd just kept her mouth shut, she would have been perfect, but no...
Robin Hobb, Assassin's Apprentice|Mamà believed in loyalty above all, even at the cost of self-denial. She also believed it was always best to tell the truth, to tell it plainly, without fanfare, and the more disagreeable the truth, the sooner you had to tell it.
Anna Bloom, The Art of Letting Go|My head drops back and I have a fleeting out-of-body moment where I see myself in the window, my hands tied above my head with my legs wrapped around the neck of Chris Merit, while he does delicious things to my body.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Men can never have the true power they were endowed with by creation, until they respect and protect the women and children of the world.
Erich Fromm, The Art of Loving|While we teach knowledge, we are losing that teaching which is the most important one for human development: the teaching which can only be given by the simple presence of a mature, loving person.
Alison Croggon, The Naming|Your future is uncertain, and I can tell you nothing that can help you. You are singular and dangerous, and so it is that you are sought by both the Dark and the Light.
Dwight L. Moody|‎"I look upon this world as a wrecked vessel. God has given me a lifeboat and said, 'Moody, save all you can.
Elizabeth Scott, Heartbeat|I always thought of grief as a blow that took everything out of you. And it is like that. But it stays, past that first hard hit. It stays and blows its breath into you.  It's always there, reminding you of what you've lost. What's gone.
Michel Foucault|There has been so much action in the past,” said D.H. Lawrence, “especially sexual action, a wearying repetition over and over, without a corresponding thought, a corresponding realization. Now our business is to realize sex. Today the full conscious realization of sex is even more important than the act itself.
Irina Shayk|I made the cover of 'Sports Illustrated,' 'Newsweek' and 'Time' all in one week, and I didn't even know what that meant.
Russell H. Conwell|Greatness consists not in the holding of some future office, but really consists in doing great deeds with little means and the accomplishment of vast purposes from the private ranks of life. To be great at all one must be great here, now, in Philadelphia.
Jesus of Nazareth -- Book of Luke|If they do these things when the tree is green, what will they do when it is dry?
Plato|The man who makes everything that leads to happiness depends upon himself, and not upon other men, has adopted the very best plan for living happily. This is the man of moderation, the man of manly character and of wisdom.
Anonymous|In his mercy, He sent the storm itself to make us seek help. And then knowing that we’re likely to get the wrong answer, He gives us a multiple choice exam with only one option to choose from: the correct answer. The hardship itself is ease. By taking away all other hand-holds, all other multiple choice options, He has made the test simple.It’s never easy to stand when the storm hits. And that’s exactly the point. By sending the wind, He brings us to our knees: the perfect position to pray
Hans Rosling|The experience of being cared for is profound, and it nourishes the soul as much as the food does the body.
Mark Caine|One of the rewards of success is freedom, the ability to do whatever you like.
Sri Aurobindo|I can't tell you if genius is hereditary, because heaven has granted me no offspring.
Saloma Miller Furlong, Why I Left the Amish|I recount as this journey begins where I rest to gather the tale from thissame old house resting on the hill, leaving me a view of a carnival once seen from just across the tracks. My pallet is dry now. The colors I see no more. The rain has washed away many of the signs that once stood for a prosperhome and family. My grave is waiting. The dreams once filled my head withimages of world unison, hope and companionship for all. The saga spokenthrough my canvas drew darker as the years went on to the bitter cold nights.All that comes to me now are glimpses of faces that graced my soul.
Joseph Smith Jr.|You don't know me; you never knew my heart. No man knows my history. I cannot tell it: I shall never undertake it. I don't blame any one for not believing my history. If I had not experienced what I have, I would not have believed it myself. I never did harm any man since I was born in the world. My voice is always for peace.
Robert Ferrigno, Heart of the Assassin|The dominant philosophy in today’s public university is called relativism, which categorically denies the existence of truth or moral absolutes. Those who are foolish enough to believe in such archaic notions as biblical authority or the claims of Christ are to be pitied—or bullied.
John  Williams, Stoner|You must remember what you are and what you have chosen to become, and the significance of what you are doing. There are wars and defeats and victories of the human race that are not military and that are not recorded in the annals of history. Remember that while you're trying to decide what to do.
Anna Jarzab, The Opposite of Hallelujah|0 true and heavenly grace, without which our own merits are nothing, and our natural gifts of no account! Neither arts nor riches, beauty nor strength, genius nor eloquence have any value in Your eyes, Lord, unless allied to grace. For the gifts of nature are common to good men and bad alike, but grace or love are Your especial gift to those whom You choose, and those who are sealed with this are counted worthy of life everlasting.
Pythia Peay, American Icarus: A Memoir of Father and Country|I have learned that I am a better everything because I wanted and loved those babies so much. I am also a better everything because I lost them. Sure, the losses left my heart and soul shattered at first, but now with daily work in recovery I have a scarred but healing heart and soul
Mehmet Murat ildan|If you want people to think that you are saying something very important, then say something impenetrable!
Michael Bassey Johnson, Master of Maxims|Even if yesterday existed, today is just real, not a fantasy like the past.
Kat Graham|When school officials want to get a teacher out of the classroom, they have to go through an arduous and multi-year process involving hearings and appeals and lawyers and more hearings. All the while, the teacher draws full pay.
Noël Coward|All that technical expertise isn't worth a damn if you don't get the best out of people, though. . . . These were leaders who saw strength in ordinary people and showed them how to break tyranny.
Michael Hayden|I know we're all addicted to our smartphones, and I'll say, if I forget my smartphone, I go home and get it. And so understanding how to integrate that technology into the driving experience, both the front seat and the passenger seat and the back seat, I think is very important.
Kiersten White, Paranormalcy|Believe this, Bitch.
Colette|look for a long time at what pleases you, and longer still at what pains you...
Chelsea Handler, My Horizontal Life: A Collection of One-Night Stands|After discovering him in his threesome, I spent the next two weeks in bed suffering from a severe case of vagina elbow. It's a condition not unlike tennis elbow, but you get it from masturbating.
Mohsin Hamid, Moth Smoke|Katerina Lvovna lived a boring life in the rich house of her father-in-law during the five years of marriage to her unaffectionate husband; but, as often happens, no one paid the slightest attention to this boredom of hers.
Unarine Ramaru|Knowledge is the facts and information accumulated through researching, observing or experience; Wisdom is the ability to choose certain aspects of knowledge acquired to be true, right and applicable to your life and society. Do not confuse the two.
Faiqa Mansab, THIS House of Clay and Water|She was so full of holes now, she was like a Swiss cheese.
Kristelle Angelli, Agnes' Gift: A heartwarming story about the power of the Rosary|Many search for God in dramatic events, but he is more often veiled in simplicity and humility.
Terry Pratchett, Thud!|I don't know," Jason said with a shrug. "Maybe it's too late for me. Maybe my heart is already too far good."With a smile she said softly, "It's never too late to be good.
Terri Windling|There are two Paths to the Innermost: the Way of the Mystic, which is the way of devotion and meditation, a solitary and subjective path; and the way of the occultist, which is the way of the intellect, of concentration, and of trained will; upon this path the co-operation of fellow workers is required, firstly for the exchange of knowledge, and secondly because ritual magic plays an important part in this work, and for this the assistance of several is needed in most of the greater operations. The mystic derives his knowledge through the direct communion of his higher self with the Higher Powers; to him the wisdom of the occultist is foolishness, for his mind does not work in that way; but, on the other hand, to a more intellectual and extrovert type, the method of the mystic is impossible until long training has enabled him to transcend the planes of form. We must therefore recognize these two distinct types among those who seek the Way of Initiation, and remember that there is a path for each.
Mary Potter Kenyon, Refined By Fire: A Journey of Grief and Grace|What were you going to make for Christmas dinner?” one of myolder children asked in a very reasonable tone. I cleared my throat,but couldn’t speak. There was no real explanation for my behavior. I’d been so intent on getting through this first Christmas without David. I’d found new rituals to replace the old, wrapped gifts, and even made cutout sugar cookies. I’d modified Christmas in order to endure it. What I hadn’t done was plan on or prepare a Christmas meal. Everyone was looking at me expectantly by this point, including my sweet, hungry grandchildren.“I forgot all about Christmas dinner,” I finally admitted. No one batted an eye.
Dalma Heyn|Married women are far more depressed than married men -- in unhappy marriages, three times more; and -- interestingly -- in happy marriages, five times more. In truth, it is men who are thriving in marriage, now as always, and who show symptoms of psychological and physical distress outside it. Not only their emotional well-being but their very lives, some studies say, depend on being married!
Dianne Sylvan, The Body Sacred|By the grace of the Lady, whose face mirrors my own, may I ever remember I am made in her image, blessed and beautiful.
Wendell Berry|You can call a thing possible which is still to happen, but not which has already taken place.
Daria Werbowy|It is not the language of painters but the language of nature which one should listen to, the feeling for the things themselves, for reality is more important than the feeling for pictures.
Michael Pollan, Food Rules: An Eater's Manual|Much was said, and much was ate, and all went well.
Frederick W. Robertson|Moments of prayer intruded on by sloth cannot be made up. We may get experience, but we cannot get back the rich freshness and strength which were wrapped up in those moments.
Noel DeJesus, 44 Days of Leadership|My mind, brightened by the lights and the cheerful tumult, suddenly grasped the fact that all achievement was a placing of emphasis-- a moulding of the confusion of life into form.
Munia Khan|If wisdom is a place, you should be the wisest one to live there..
Alin Sav|Think big, dream big, stay humble and act now.
Oliver Burkeman, The Antidote: Happiness for People Who Can't Stand Positive Thinking|...once you have resolved to embrace the ideology of positive thinking, you will find a way to interpret virtually any eventuality as a justification for thinking positively. You need never spend time considering how your actions might go wrong.
Scott McNealy|Britain has trend-setting fashion, ground-breaking scientists, and innovative technology companies. It is also a welcome home for investors.
Desmond Tutu|No man is excluded from calling upon God, the gate of salvation is set open unto all men: neither is there any other thing which keepeth us back from entering in, save only our own unbelief.
Garth Brooks|I'm very happy that major players are always giving their opinions about my life, my game. I am very thankful for that.
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|While intent is the seed of manifestation, action is the water that nourishes the seed. Your actions must reflect your goals in order to achieve true success.
Swami Dhyan Giten|Only a meditator is able to die consciously as life is an opportunity to prepare for death. Meditation is a death, a death of the ego.
Sahil Sachdeva|My Strength, My Portion, My Life is found in the overwhelming love of God by, in, and through Christ Jesus!
Mary Hart Perry, The Wild Princess: A Novel of Queen Victoria's Defiant Daughter|He’d lapped at her ankles like a lovesick pup, and she’d been exactly what she was now, a woman born too beautiful and too rich to worry about a small thing like integrity.
Stone Gossard|Art is accusation, expression, passion. Art is a fight to the finish between black charcoal and white paper.
Sunday Adelaja|If God lives in you and you have a relationship with Him, He will protect you
Susan Beth Pfeffer, Life As We Knew It|We must strive to be like the moon.' An old man in Kabati repeated this sentence often... the adage served to remind people to always be on their best behavior and to be good to others. [S]he said that people complain when there is too much sun and it gets unbearably hot, and also when it rains too much or when it is cold. But, no one grumbles when the moon shines. Everyone becomes happy and appreciates the moon in their own special way. Children watch their shadows and play in its light, people gather at the square to tell stories and dance through the night. A lot of happy things happen when the moon shines. These are some of the reasons why we should want to be like the moon.
Leo Durocher|Frisbeetarianism is the belief that when you die, your soul goes up on the roof and gets stuck.
Teresa  Squitti|People who say "no" right away are usually lying. A truthful person is perfectly capable of saying "no" but generally they stop and think about it first. And they add "sorry" or something like that. Maybe they come out with some questions of their own. It's human nature. They say, "Sorry, no, why, what happened?
Mitt Romney|Cars let us out of the barn and, while they were at it, destroyed the American nuclear family. As anyone who has had an American nuclear family can tell you, this was a relief to all concerned.
Lia Black, Spiretown|I've always believed," she replied, "that if God is going to be strict about anything, that He will be strict about the rules concerning hate, not love. And if two people love each other, that has to be better than two people hating each other. Beyond that, it's for God to sort out. I'm too frail to be such a judge.
Thomas Lewis, A General Theory of Love|In the years since, I learned that when I am missing Berk or Asta, I can play my tears through my instruments. And the Monitors think I am just improving. They don't know the truth. I play laughter and frustration. I play feelings I cannot define. But the music defines them for me.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|Christian love draws no distinction between one enemy and another, except that the more bitter our enemy's hatred, the greater his need of love. Be his enmity political or religious, he has nothing to expect from a follower of Jesus but unqualified love. In such love there is not inner discord between the private person and official capacity. In both we are disciples of Christ, or we are not Christians at all.
Robert M. Drake|Every broken piece of me fell on every broken piece of you and when I took the missing parts, like the emptiness of me I saw the emptiness of you and I poured my half upon you to fill you whole. I risked it all just to dream you complete and catch you one day free in the wild.
Vincent van Gogh|After witnessing the inauguration ceremonies, I am compelled to state how deeply grateful and infinitely thankful and eternally blessed I am to and by God for the privilege of being born and for living out my life in this amazing country- The United States of America
Jordana Brewster|Reproductive choice has to be straightened out. There will never be a woman of means without choice anymore. That just seems to me so obvious. The states that changed their abortion laws before Roe are not going to change back. So we have a policy that only affects poor women, and it can never be otherwise.
Rip Torn|We still see that people don't really realize that electric cars are here right now. And when we show up with an actual vehicle, and you see it drive away under its own power, it's still kind of a jaw-dropping moment for a lot of people.
Stefan Molyneux|Religious freedom doesn't include the freedom to disregard the law and restrict another's freedom to believe and act differently. No one's forcing Catholic nuns to practice birth control, or priests to wear condoms (good idea tho). If you really feel your religious beliefs conflict with the mandates of running a business, the solution is simple: Get your ass out of the boardroom and back to the pulpit (where it belongs).
John Geiger|Fools "Sell Out" Where Angels Fear to Tread
Les Back, The Art of Listening|Ugster vinyl pumps, Partridge Family records, plastic daisy jewelry, old postcards. . . . It's a magpie Christmas market.
Markus Zusak|I’ll tell you, but it’s a whole book.
Konrad|Life is precious, and in the grand song of the universe, life is short. There is much to be done.
E.M. Denning, Measure For Measure|Ryker smiled at me. “You learn quick—”I cut him off. “If you call me grasshopper, I’m going to slug you.” “Padawan.” I shoved him. It was more like shoving a tree. He didn’t even flinch. “You’re such a nerd.”“Geek, Millie. I’m a geek.” His lips twitched and it made me want to raise myself up on my tiptoes and kiss him. I shot him a grin instead. “Only a nerd would know the difference.
James Hain Friswell|The glove comes off, flops loosely over, and there's suddenly horror beating into his brain, smashing, pounding, battering. He reels a little in his chair, has to hold onto the edge of the table with both hands, at the impact of it.A clawlike thing - two of the finger extremities already bare of flesh as far as the second joint; two more with only shriveled, bloodless, rotting remnants of it adhering, only the thumb intact, and that already unhealthy-looking, flabby. A dead hand - the hand of a skeleton - on a still-living body. A body he was dancing with only a few minutes ago.A rank odor, a smell of decay, of the grave and of the tomb, hovers about the two of them now.A woman points from the next table, screams. She's seen it, too. She hides her face, cowers against her companion's shoulder, shudders. Then he sees it too. His collar's suddenly too tight for him.Others see it, one by one. A wave of impalpable horror spreads centrifugally from that thing lying there in the blazing electric light on O'Shaughnessy's table. The skeleton at the feast! ("Jane Brown's Body")
Henna Inam, Wired for Authenticity: Seven Practices to Inspire, Adapt, & Lead|Whenever it comes to decision making, Remember the part about having confidence.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|One of the great images to come down to us through Zen Buddhism is the encounter between an enlightened master and an advanced apprentice during the course of a shared meal. The apprentice, becoming fed up with the stress and waiting and the master’s apparent disregard for him, demands an explanation without complication of exactly how to become enlightened. The master asks, “Have you finished your rice?” “Yes,” says the apprentice. “Then go wash your bowl.
Maira Kalman|Inspiration works on the same sense as humans, quite generous yet impatient. When it calls, better respond there and then or it moves shop.
Beth Revis, The Body Electric|Ella!” the voice yells, but I cannot tell where it is coming from. The sound wraps around me, spreading like spilt water and then evaporating into silence.“Where am I?” I whisper again.The darkness stretches out for eternity.I take a few steps forward, but the feeling is surreal—I cannot tell if I’ve actually moved or not, because everything is nothing. I feel something wet and warm slide down my cheek, and I touch the tear with my fingertips, swiping it away.Representative Belles is dead. I’m certain of that now. He’s gone. I’m… I’m in the place where he was, and now he’s gone, and now I’m stuck. I’m stuck in the nothingness of a dead body, and I don’t know how to get out.My heart thuds against my chest, and I gasp for air. What if I can never get out? What if eternity is nothing more than me, alone, in the darkness? Trapped in someone else’s death.I collapse, but it’s not like I fall on the floor. There is no floor. There was the illusion of one, but as my body gives way, I realize that I’m floating. I stretch out, my fingers and toes aching to feel, but there’s nothing, nothing at all, and I draw myself into myself, hugging my legs, my knees tucked under my chin.I’m alone.Maybe when Representative Belles died, I died too.Maybe this is it.
Teresa Schulz, Barbed Wire and Daisies|That's the real trouble with the world, too many people grow up. They forget.
Alex Shahla, Lying to Children|The deepest truth however is,  that no love begins unconditional,  but the only one that grows to be it, is the one that survives the breaking  of all conditions, yet standing tall.
Ben Tolosa, Masterplan Your Success|Every thought, every action, every statement should have meaning.
BJ the Chicago Kid|This was something I always dreamed and wanted to be part of, when women's wrestling was freakin' cool, and now it is.
Noname|Sometimes, You need to step outside, get some air, and remind yourself of who you are and who you want to be.
Darynda Jones|The reader tries to uncover the skeleton that the book conceals. The author starts with the skeleton and tries to cover it up. His aim is to conceal the skeleton artistically or, in other words, to put flesh on the bare bones. If he is a good writer, he does not bury a puny skeleton under a mass of fat; on the other hand, neither should the flesh be too thin, so that the bones show through. If the flesh is thick enough, and if the flabbiness is avoided, the joints will be detectable and the motion of the parts will reveal the articulation.
Juan Felipe Herrera|I owe my discovery of the Hot Club of Cowtown to Kinky Friedman, leader of the Texas Jewboys. When I saw that Bob Wills and his Texas Playboys were headlining the 2003 Santa Clarita Cowboy Poetry and Music Festival, I thought it my duty to check out the band that had inspired the Texas Jewboys.
Michael Ruhlman, Walk on Water: The Miracle of Saving Children's Lives|Living in this world will change you,” she confides. “It makes me value life. When a friend has a healthy baby, I don’t think it’s normal; I think it’s a fucking miracle.
Susan Cooper, The Dark Is Rising|It is a burden...(M)ake no mistake about that. Any great gift or power or talent is a burden and this more than any, and you will long to be free of it. But there is nothing to be done. If you were born with the gift, then you must serve it, and nothing in this world or out of it may stand in the way of that service, because that is why you were born and that is the Law."- Susan Cooper ("Merriman" The Dark is Rising)
Alan Moore, Watchmen|Real life is messy, inconsistent, and it's seldom when anything ever really gets resolved. It's taken me a long time to realize that.
Anne Fortier, Juliet|I’ve noticed in my life that the people who act as my angels are not some strange angelic creatures that seem almost untouchable, but are more real than that. They are people who have tasted sorrow, who have felt pain, and in a way, that makes them capable of being an angel. In their darkest moments they have become strong.
Rosa Parks|To me, the Holocaust stands alone as the most horrible human event in modern civilization.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Unfortunately, most followers do not know that they can also become leaders because to them, leadership is confined to an "assumed" category of people who have authority or social prestige as their background pillows.
Nya Rayne, Unveil My Heart|I can’t promise you forever, Blaine. Hell, I don’t even know if I can promise you tomorrow. And you deserve so much more than a fling.
Elizabeth Gilbert|You were given life; it is your duty (and also your entitlement as a human being) to find something beautiful within life, no matter how slight.
Plato, The Republic|Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.
Marinela Reka|Helping other people can be a cure not just for those who are in need, but for your soul as well.
Jo Walton, Among Others|There was a grumpy librarian in the library. I could tell that he was the librarian because he seemed to be made of books. I told him that we needed information, and he got us some butterfly nets and sent us up to the top floor of the library.I wondered why we were carrying nets. Valentine didn't know.The book I wanted was pretty obvious. It was called A History of Everything.Finding it was easy. Catching it, however, was not. The moment I reached for it, the whole shelfful of books took off into the air, fluttering like pigeons, and suddenly I knew what the butterfly nets were for.I waved the net about and eventually I caught A History of Everything. As soon as I'd got it, all the rest of the books flapped back to their shelf, all except one, a little red-covered book, which fluttered over my head happily.
Glen Duncan, Talulla Rising|I should fancy, however, that murder is always a mistake. One should never do anything that one cannot talk about after dinner.
Konrad von Gesner|Best of all is to preserve everything in a pure, still heart, and let there be for every pulse a thanksgiving, and for every breath a song.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Breakfast of Champions|As an old, old man, Trout would be asked by Dr. Thor Lembrig, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, if he feared the future. He would give this reply: 'Mr. Secretary-General, it is the past which scares the bejesus out of me.
Olaotan Fawehinmi|To be Outstanding is to do the same thing others have done in a different way.But to STAND-OUT is to do what no one has ever done before.Being outstanding is good, but STANDING-OUT is better.So Dream, Explore, Discover, and Stand Out!!!
Ava|there is something magical and addicting about going somewhere, being alone, and finding yourself in parts of the world you never knew existed, finding parts of yourself you never knew you would find.
Pooja Ruprell|Be open to surrendering all preconceived notions, well-thought-out plans and annual to-do lists.
Cassi Clark, Breastfeeding Is a Bitch: But We Lovingly Do it Anyway|Though breastfeeding is supposed to the most natural thing ever, it seems like a rich-people sport for all the stuff we buy to help.
Anthony Liccione|I've discovered that in life, it doesn't matter how good of a person you are; it's human nature to be judged and to judge others by the blood they carry and the company they keep.
Maureen O'Hara|I think the amazing thing about gospel music is that not only does it lift up the death and resurrection of our Lord, which is consistent with the Gospel, but it is uniquely communicated depending upon the generation.
Eminem|My mom and dad were divorced, and although they got along very well, my mom thought American television was reprehensible, so I was raised on the BBC. I kind of agreed with her. We watched American news, though.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|There's a great Lebanese restaurant a few blocks over. They have the best shawarma in the world." "What's shawarma?" "You know what a gyro is?" "No." "Same thing.
Peter S. Beagle, We Never Talk about My Brother|There is an old saying that there is no country as unhappy as one that need heroes."(King Pelles the Sure)
Maxwell Maltz|We must have courage to bet on our ideas, to take the calculated risk, and to act. Everyday living requires courage if life is to be effective and bring happiness.
Shannon A. Thompson, Minutes Before Sunset|Fate was a reality, but it wasn’t a beautiful or angelic thing. It was a heart-wrenching nightmare. And we’d fallen blindly into it. We had no escape. It was happening, and it was up to me to guarantee our survival of it. (Eric)
Samuel Butler, The Note Books of Samuel Butler|In matrimony, to hesitate is sometimes to be saved.
Jo Walton, Among Others|At the moment that we persuade a child, any child, to cross that threshold, that magic threshold into a library, we change their lives forever, for the better.
If I Wake|I die,” I say with as much conviction as I can muster. “What happens to me then?” Willis says. “If you don’t live, I never have a chance to be born, to live, to make a difference. You’re throwing my life away and I have no say in it.” “What if the world is a better place without me in it?” “My grandmother made a huge difference to the lives of so many people
Dblankportrait|Thus, I have found humbleness by the mere thoughts of having love beckon upon me, if so acquired through some thread of reality or that of the imaginative
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|The smooth folds of her dress concealed a tumultuous heart, and her modest lips told nothing of her torment. She was in love.
Fulton J. Sheen|Broadmindedness, when it means indifference to right and wrong, eventually ends in a hatred of what is right.
Debasish Mridha|Follow reason, but don’t ignore that gut feeling.
Elizabeth  Miller, Midnight, A McKenna Chronicle|I want her to leave me because I’m scared shitless that I’ll never be the man she sees when she looks at me with all that love and trust in her eyes. My biggest fear is failing her, and I can’t see any way to prevent that from happening.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Unity is a beast in itself. If a wolf sees two little boys playing in the woods on one side, and a big strong man on the other, he will go to the one who stands alone.
Tony Dovale|Life is not about waiting for the storm to pass, it's about learning how to dance in the rain.
Annabel Monaghan, A Girl Named Digit|Follow Your Dreams, Except the One Where You’re at School in Your Underwear
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|Personally, I feel the time has come for women to introduce their own Zero Tolerance policy on the Broken Window issues in our lives - I want a Zero Tolerance policy on "All the Patriarchal Bullshit.
Kriti Sanon|Johnny Colt is a character, and most people in Lynyrd Skynyrd are characters, so he fits in great with us. He's got an attitude, man, and I love it, and that's what we need.
José Rizal, Noli Me Tángere|I have been a believer in the magic of language since, at a very early age, I discovered that some words got me into trouble and others got me out. 
Gloria Steinem, The Vagina Monologues|No wonder male religious leaders so often say that humans were born in sin—because we were born to female creatures. Only by obeying the rules of the patriarchy can we be reborn through men. No wonder priests and ministers in skirts sprinkle imitation birth fluid over our heads, give us new names, and promise rebirth into everlasting life.
Pablo Neruda, Twenty Love Poems and a Song of Despair|I like for you to be still: it is as though you are absentdistant and full of sorrow as though you had diedOne word then, one smile is enoughAnd I'm happy; happy that it's not true
John Stuart Mill|The fundamental sense of freedom is freedom from chains, from imprisonment, from enslavement by others. The rest is extension of this sense, or else metaphor.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|It's not easy being a missionary, even with the key to the cosmos in your hand.
Edmund White|There was something stubborn in me that didn't want to lose weight to attract a man. If the right man came along, he'd be able to see my virtues magically. Once he kissed me, the frog would turn into a prince. I had become a trick question, a heavy disguise, but behind the disobliging exterior was the welcoming child I would always be. Of course, what I'd forgotten was that he was not Parsifal and I was not the Grail; the medievalism of my imagination was not sufficiently up-to-date to recognize that the lover was a shopper and I a product.
Elizabeth Strout, Olive Kitteridge|And then as the little plane climbed higher and Olive saw spread out below them fields of bright and tender green in this morning sun, farther out the coastline, the ocean shiny and almost flat, tiny white wakes behind a few lobster boats--then Olive felt something she had not expected to feel again: a sudden surging greediness for life. She leaned forward, peering out the window: sweet pale clouds, the sky as blue as your hat, the new green of the fields, the broad expanse of water--seen from up here it all appeared wondrous, amazing. She remembered what hope was, and this was it. That inner churning that moves you forward, plows you through life the way the boats below plowed the shiny water, the way the plane was plowing forward to a place new, and where she was needed.
Mary Balogh, Simply Love|Wie lange braucht man jeden Tag, bis man sich kennt.""How long it takes us, each day, to know each other.
Laura Busche, Powering Content: Building a Nonstop Content Marketing Machine|Some creators shy away from systems because they seem overpowering and rigid. However, in reality, strong systems are the only way in which you will ever have time and space for flexibility. This is true for content production, business, and many other areas of life.
Dada Bhagwan|One’s Use of Life’, if turns into worldly selfishness is called adharma (irreligion), and if it turns into spiritual selfishness (towards true self) is called dharma (religion).
Oscar Wilde|'Revolutionary Road' is a fascinating study of the human condition of a fragmenting marriage and the torment that these two people put themselves through in their efforts to try and find happiness and try and stay together, actually.
Andrew Lloyd Webber|When I was 11, I made truffle risotto for my family for Christmas dinner.
Thomas Paine, Common Sense|I have shown in all the foregoing parts of this work that the Bible and Testament are impositions and forgeries; and I leave the evidence I have produced in proof of it to be refuted, if any one can do it; and I leave the ideas that are suggested in the conclusion of the work to rest on the mind of the reader; certain as I am that when opinions are free, either in matters of govemment or religion, truth will finally and powerfully prevail.
Mark LaMoure, Step into Your Vision 2.0: 24 Inspirational Leaders Share Their Goal-Setting Secrets|You are the artistic painter of your success. Paint your life day-by-day, into a masterpiece of excellence over a lifetime.
Martin Pretchel|Nature doesn’t need knowledge, because nature is knowledge, knowledge manifest.
H.G. Wells, The Island of Dr. Moreau|The crying sounded even louder out of doors. It was as if all the pain in the world had found a voice. Yet had I known such pain was in the next room, and had it been dumb, I believe—I have thought since—I could have stood it well enough. It is when suffering finds a voice and sets our nerves quivering that this pity comes troubling us. But in spite of the brilliant sunlight and the green fans of the trees waving in the soothing sea-breeze, the world was a confusion, blurred with drifting black and red phantasms, until I was out of earshot of the house in the stone wall.
Stephen Clayworth|A bad media creates a bad world and a good media makes the world good. The day all forms of media will stop functioning, we shall get a good understanding of the real meaning, value and impact of the media.
Andy Warhol|Actually, I jade very quickly. Once is usually enough. Either once only, or every day. If you do something once it’s exciting, and if you do it every day it’s exciting. But if you do it, say, twice or just almost every day, it’s not good any more.
Samuel Taylor Coleridge, Biographia Literaria: Biographical Sketches of my Literary Life & Opinions|Every other science presupposes intelligence as already existing and complete: the philosopher contemplates it in its growth, and as it were represents its history to the mind from its birth to its maturity.
Tina Fey, Bossypants|And Tria this is Vilenthe.” Tria just stares before collapsing onto the floor Ingra looks down “She'll be fine.” Vilenthe scowls “She has seen me before. Many years ago before I was selected for the 11th Tournament, she must've forgotten about that but we have met before.
Robert Stack|As a child, I was subjected to a lot of spaghetti Westerns and hated them. I wanted the Indians to win - or just not be so sad!
John Madden|On Thanksgiving Night, 1942, when I was fifteen years old, white racists burned our house to the ground.
Doris Kearns Goodwin, The Bully Pulpit: Theodore Roosevelt, William Howard Taft, and the Golden Age of Journalism|It's easy for you people here; you live a safe, purposeless life, nothing to do, nothing to worry about.
Sanjida Kay, Bone by Bone|Suddenly, despite all the fun she'd had, Azzah felt down. Watching the champagne bubbles sparkle and fizz in her glass, she realized by tomorrow all the bubbles would be gone, and she'd have to go back to her flat, dull, fizz-less life.
A.J. Darkholme, Rise of the Morningstar|Life is what you make it and legacy is what you leave it. Stop trying to be perfect, stop waiting for perfection to find you, and start making your environment a product of you instead of the other way around.
Henning Mankell, The Dogs of Riga|I'm a religious man," he said. "I don't believe in a particularGod, but even so one can have a faith, something beyondthe limits of rationality. Marxism has a large element ofbuilt-in faith, although it claims to be a science and notmerely an ideology. This is my first visit to the West: untilnow I have only been able to go to the Soviet Union orPoland or the Baltic states. In your country I see anabundance of material things. It seems to be unlimited. Butthere's a difference between our countries that is also asimilarity. Both are poor. You see, poverty has differentfaces. We lack the abundance that you have, and we don'thave the freedom of choice. In your country I detect a kind of poverty, which is that you do not need to fight for yoursurvival. For me the struggle has a religious dimension, andI would not want to exchange that for your abundance.
Tom Cotton|When we begin to desire a thing, to yearn for it with all our hearts, we begin to establish relationship with it in proportion to the strength and persistency of our longing and intelligent effort to realize it.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|The person who will end up enjoying success, is the one who planned for it and who knew why they are seeking to succeed.
Kiersten White, The Chaos of Stars|Adonai, your creations are your reflections, and they show us that you are amazing. Thank you for even the stars up above, that those that look upon them may enjoy their majesty and splendor.
Robert Gottlieb|Just as you wouldn't leave the house without taking a shower, you shouldn't start the day without at least 10 minutes of sacred practice: prayer, meditation, inspirational reading.
Jill Alexander Essbaum, Hausfrau|Anna’s conclusions were these: That fire is beautifully cruel. That fusion occurs only at a specific heat. That blood, in fact, can boil. That the dissolution of an affair is an entropic reaction, and the disorder it tends toward is flammable. That a heart will burn. And burn and burn and burn.
Morgan Rhodes, Frozen Tides|...in life, a man only comes to a few crossroads that can shape his future for good or bad. Sometimes one recognized these crossroads, and could stop and think about the right decision. But other times, the choice could only be seen with the clarity that came afterward.
Auliq Ice|If you have the dedication, means and patience to treat your daily struggle, like a step towards success, something bigger will come your way.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|We must clean the lens of our hearts to see the state of our souls. However, too often the former is too dirty to even know that the latter exists.
Christopher Hawke, Unnatural Truth|We’d all lost ourselves and found something far more significant together. We reached with gaping wounds for a healing we desired so badly, like a blind man picturing the world around him—the lively children skipping rope, green grass, blue sky. It’s like that man standing in his vision, rising from the park bench, arms outstretched, taking the first steps into a world he only hopes exists.
Morris West, The Devil's Advocate|Everything God does has purpose and intention behind that design. It is a master design, and every little thing has its proper place and function.
Emmet Fox, Power Through Constructive Thinking|Your Heart's Desire is the Voice of God, and that Voice must be obeyed sooner or later.
Laurier Rochon, The Dictator's Practical Internet Guide to Power Retention|«“Everybody is in trouble with my dad. My dad only sort of gets the Internet. My dad started looking up all his old enemies on Facebook. My dad picks big flamewar fights. It’s like my dad just discovered that people can talk about politics without his permission. Facebook is like his new drug, he’s getting all sweaty and manic... Farfalla, is Facebook the work of the Devil? Google is ‘not evil,’ but nobody ever said that Facebook was ‘not evil.’”»
Paulo Coelho|If I would have known I was going to leave my job that day to become a writer, I probably would have planned differently... It didn't come by way of illness per se, accident, or dismissal, but by way of sheer self-mutiny. The self I was born to be, decided to hijack the one I had created.
Chirag Tulsiani|In life, there is only one way to exist: To struggle!
Garth Nix, Abhorsen|A girl yesterday during my program asked me a question; Sir, Why is this world an Unsafe place? And i had confusion not clarity... No answers
James Robertson, And the Land Lay Still|The thing is, all memory is fiction. You have to remember that. Of course, there are things that actually, certifiably happened, things you can pinpoint the day, the hour, the minute. When you think about it, though, those things, mostly seem to happen to other people. This story actually happened, and it happened pretty much the way I am going to tell it to you. It's a true story as much as six decades or telling and remembering can allow it to be true. Time changes things, and you don't always get everything right. You remember a little thing clear as a bell, the weather, say, or the splash of light on the river's ripples as the sun was going down into the black pines. things not even connected to anything in particular, while other things, big things even, come completely disconnected and no longer have any shape or sound. The little things seem more real than the big things.
Hugues Felicite Robert De Lamennais|Take God for your spouse and friend and walk with him continually, and you will not sin and will learn to love, and the things you must do will work out prosperously for you.
Elizabeth Gilbert|Young people need the hands-on training that comes with a summer job. They need to know how to dress for success and nail job interviews. But most of all, they need mentorship, guidance, and inspiration.
Roy Lichtenstein|It was a major dream come true at last. In many respects, Jerusalem is a very modern and important story about people in a period of transition, with all the unrest that permeates society on the eve of a new century. The big life issues are at stake.
Craig Johnson, The Cold Dish|Authenticity requires us to slow down. Fast times require us to slow down. To be effective, we need to slow down our pace of thought and action and focus on managing our attention. To be authentic leaders we need to act from intention and choice rather than from habit and impulse.
Rae Earl, My Mad Fat Diary|And that will be on my medical records for ever.Everyone will always know I’m a nutter. Behavioural problems. I’m just a bloody label…A label written on a white board in a single room without a radio, in a place where everyone else was at least 20 years older than me. Can’t think about it. It’s anger that goes nowhere.
Amy Tan, The Joy Luck Club|But some things, no matter how unlikely, are just supposed to happen. You know what I mean. Some things just smack of the future and feel part of an overarching rightness. 
James McGregor|If you have the power to change the world for the better, you should do it. That's why people who do nothing are idiots, but idiots who do nothing are life-savers.
Tracy Krimmer, All That Glitters|I have been bent and broken, but - I hope - into a better shape.
Cheryl Rainfield, Scars|Other times, I look at my scars and see something else: a girl who was trying to cope with something horrible that she should never have had to live through at all. My scars show pain and suffering, but they also show my will to survive. They're part of my history that'll always be there.
Ronald Reagan|Racial profiling punishes innocent individuals for the past actions of those who look and sound like them. It misdirects crucial resources and undercuts the trust needed between law enforcement and the communities they serve. It has no place in our national discourse, and no place in our nation's police departments.
Cat Spydell, The Time Traveler's Apprentice at Hollywood High|Once you love something, you always love it in someway. You have to. it's like, part of you for good.
Dashiell Hammett, The Maltese Falcon|Brigid O'Shaughnessy: “I haven't lived a good life. I've been bad, worse than you could know.” Sam Spade “You know, that's good, because if you actually were as innocent as you pretend to be, we'd never get anywhere
Rick Riordan|So, you invite a wild rabbit living in Italy to a party on the island of Crete. What’s it supposed to do, swim there? Its little tux would get wet.
Christopher Hitchens, Is Christianity Good for the World?|I cannot, of course, prove that there is no supervising deity who invigilates my every momentand who will pursue me even after I am dead. (I can only be happy that there is no evidence forsuch a ghastly idea, which would resemble a celestial North Korea in which liberty was not justimpossible but inconceivable.) But nor has any theologian ever demonstrated the contrary. Thiswould perhaps make the believer and the doubter equal—except that the believer claims to know,not just that God exists, but that his most detailed wishes are not merely knowable but actuallyknown. Since religion drew its first breath when the species lived in utter ignorance andconsiderable fear, I hope I may be forgiven for declining to believe that another human being cantell me what to do, in the most intimate details of my life and mind, and to further dictate theseterms as if acting as proxy for a supernatural entity. This tyrannical idea is very much older than P a g e | 5 of 29Christianity, of course, but I do sometimes think that Christians have less excuse for believing, letalone wishing, that such a horrible thing could be true.
Nuno Bettencourt|But to sustain a marriage for 50 years, you have to get real a little bit and find someone who is understanding and who you can grow with. My mom always says, 'Marry the man who loves you a millimeter more.'
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|I just wanted to thank you' he says, his voice low.'A group of scientists told you that my genes were damaged, that there was something wrong with me - they showed you the test results that proved it. And even I started to believe it.' He touches my face, his thumb skimming my cheekbone, and his eyes are on mine, intense and insistent.'You never believed it,' he says 'Not for a second. You always insisted I was... I don't know, whole.
Erwin Schrödinger, What Is Life? with Mind and Matter and Autobiographical Sketches|We take most everything at face value. Otherwise how could we get by?" ~ "The Museum of the Dearly Departed
Clinton Sparks|My mom, she wasn't like a baseball mother who knew everything about the game. She just wanted me to be happy with what I was doing.
"Beta" Metani' Marashi|[politicians are] like toddlers arguing over who gets the candy, but with a better vocabulary and less whacking each other with toys.
Laura Busche, Lean Branding|It is no accident that in the field of philosophy ontology is the study of reality, existence and coming into being. In the fields of information retrieval (semantic search) and computing, ontology is the naming of the types, interrelationships and properties of the entities that exist (in reality or conceptually) and which define a particular domain of knowledge or expertise.
Emily Matchar|Attachment parenting, Sears writes, "immunizes children against many of the social and emotional diseases which plague our society," producing children who are "compassionate," "caring," "admirable," "affectionate," "confident," and "accomplished" ("faster than a speeding bullet," "more powerful than a locomotive," and "able to leap tall buildings in a single bound" seem to have been left off the list!).
Mehmet Murat ildan|Visit your life, because you are spending too much time in others life! Visit yourself!
J.K. Rowling, The Casual Vacancy|He walked to the bathroom and looked into the mirror, trying to see himself through her eyes. It was time to change his style, throw off the shroud of timidity and start living his life.
David Brent|If at first you don't succeed, remove all evidence you ever tried. 
Dushawn Banks, Love,Pain, & Perception|If someone loves you they'll give you the world free of charge. If the whole world loves you, not even the richest man can compete with that. Love is true power.
Charles Hodge|The man who has sufficient power over himself to wait until his nature has recovered its even balance is the truly wise man, but such beings are seldom met with.
Kasie West, Lucky in Love|We make our own luck. I believed that, too. We chose our own fate. We controlled our own future. I knew what I wanted. I needed to go get it.
K. Martin Beckner, A Million Doorways|Life’s journey does not take place down an easy roadway, as some might imagine. It takes place inside a giant house with a million doorways. Every day of our lives we are faced with decisions to make, doorways to walk through. It can be confusing at times, like walking through a carnival maze. Some decisions we make are big, some small, but they all have consequences..
Regan Walker|Fairy tales were the door to the world of imagination for me as a child, that land I often lived in when real life wasn’t quite enough.
Nikki Reed|There was once a caustic comment from someone suggesting I was breeding a new race. Fans from different countries have married, amazing things like that. I've been to some of the weddings. I went to one here the other day, a pagan ceremony.
Daniel H. Pink, Drive: The Surprising Truth About What Motivates Us|...if people do things for lunk-headed, backward-looking reasons, why wouldn't we also do things for significance-seeking, self-actualizing reasons? If we are predictably irrational - and we clearly are- why couldn't we also be predictably transcendent?
Winston Graham, Jeremy Poldark|And what of this young woman beside him, whom he had loved devotedly for four years and still did love? She had given him more than Elizabeth ever could: months of unflawed relationship, unquestioning trust (which he was now betraying in thought) . Oh nonsense! What man did not at some time or another glance elsewhere? And who could complain if it remained at a glance? (Chance was a fine thing).
Steven Magee|Even thought our problems had driven us up there, it was as if they had somehow, like Daleks, been unable to climb the stairs.
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|I will take all the action there is, and even if I fail and fail and fail and fail and fail, I know like I know, that the door to this opportunity will one day get weakened by the forces of my attempts, and break wide open for me to get in.
M.F. Moonzajer|The rose, however, made us girls somewhat fainthearted, because it really was something we felt mattered, the white bridal dream with the wedding bouquet and the kiss from the man who was to be ours forever. But then Laura said that the lady who had given it to us had gotten divorced only five years later. And since many of our parents were also divorce, if indeed they had ever been married at all, that dream clearly wasn't worth our time.
Craig Childs, The Animal Dialogues: Uncommon Encounters in the Wild|This is not wilderness for designation or for a park. Not a scenic wilderness and not one good for fishing or the viewing of wildlife. It is wilderness that gets into your nostrils, that runs with your sweat. It is the core of everything living, wilderness like molten iron.
Andy Andrews, The Noticer: Sometimes, All a Person Needs Is a Little Perspective|Remember, whatever you focus upon, increases...When you focus on the things you need, you'll find those needs increasing. If you concentrate your thoughts on what you don't have, you will soon be concentrating on other things that you had forgotten you don't have-and feel worse! If you set your mind on loss, you are more likely to lose...But a grateful perspective brings happiness and abundance into a person's life.
Vinnie Tesla|Our culture teaches that sex is for the sexy, and the only way to be sexy is to be pretty. No wait--that's still too weak. Sex should properly arise from sexiness. For unsexy people--fat people, old people, funny-looking people, disabled people--to even feel sexual desire is inappropriate, perverse, disgusting. For them to engage in sexual display is offensive. For them to have sex...well, there oughta be a law.
Loren Weisman|Sharing the same exact content, message or advertisements over and over again only showcases your limited content and a serious lack of depth in your message.
Walter Isaacson, Steve Jobs|Simply handing over your iPod to a friend, your blind date, or the total stranger sitting next to you on the plane opens you up like a book." (Steven Levy)
Elizabeth Cady Stanton, The Woman's Bible: A Classic Feminist Perspective|I define anxiety as experiencing failure in advance…and if you have anxiety about initiating a project, then of course you will associate risk with failure.
Edward O. Wilson|Humanity is a biological species, living in a biological environment, because like all species, we are exquisitely adapted in everything: from our behavior, to our genetics, to our physiology, to that particular environment in which we live. The earth is our home. Unless we preserve the rest of life, as a sacred duty, we will be endangering ourselves by destroying the home in which we evolved, and on which we completely depend.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau|I grew up with the understanding that the world I lived in was one where people enjoyed a sort of freedom to communicate with each other in privacy, without it being monitored, without it being measured or analyzed or sort of judged by these shadowy figures or systems, any time they mention anything that travels across public lines.
Debbie Millman, Look Both Ways: Illustrated Essays on the Intersection of Life and Design|apple brand is the school ,Samsung is a brilliant student
|It's unfortunate how some people complain about being financially unstable, yet they use their last savings to acquire material things.
Darcey Steinke, Sister Golden Hair|Let go of the attachment, keep the lesson
Doutor Luis Alexandre Ribeiro Branco, Small Portion: a little taste of poetry|I feel like shredded paper thrown to the wind, each poet took a piece of me and wrote a word or phrase...
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|You may need an additional money to make things happen and have it, but you can have an additional time anywhere. Value your time; as you wait, it is passing!
Sanober  Khan, A touch, a tear, a tempest|How....will I ever truly depict you?You’re perfect, my writing isn’t.
David Paul Kirkpatrick, The Address Of Happiness|Every time, Love pushed down the door where her loneliness lived. The Music came and sealed the chamber of her heart. She was filled with clear sweetness that was there from the start.
Anthony Kiedis|One of the things my dad and I got to bond over was going to the San Antonio Spurs games when Gervin was there, James Silas... I can't remember the rest of the guys' names, but it was a fun time.
Barry Lyga|The best aunts aren't substitute parents, they're co-conspirators.
Sanhita Baruah|But some relationships aren't meant to last.They are worthy only till the time the two persons involved have time for each other.They do not know eternity. They live for the present, the "now". And when distance plays it part, or life turns out to be busy, they fall apart.And may be that's why they're never termed "LOVE". They simply remain what they were - mere RELATIONSHIPS.
Fidel Castro|It's almost like a lot of black people in America, a lot of young black men, are born with this cloud over their heads. It's their penitentiary cloud, this philosophy we all have, that it's harder for us.
Michael Dirda|I've established a certain voice over my albums. It can be an obstacle, but in the end, I think it's a strength, because I can build upon that voice, which is ultimately very much mine.
Pete Townshend|Barriers were being torn down. Where Freddie Mercury was trying to keep his homosexuality from the front pages, Boy George was openly & outrageously gay.
Marouane LAASSAFAR|life as a life, from the pain we laughed.. and from the joy we cried.. but supposedly i'm supposed to be grateful but I don't think I'll be to happy whatever im not sad.. my other side told me that the government is putting hallucinogens in our water and torturing us under the guise of healthcare.. if u thought right, wonder if u are the first prisoner to go through the presidential rendition and torture program and they seem to think u'll be some hero or something for going through it.. but in reality u are just a fucking slave that's being abused. thanks
Swami Dhyan Giten, The Silent Whisperings of the Heart - An Introduction to Giten's Approach to Life|When we have developed a trust in both our inner man and woman and they can nourish, support, communicate and cooperate with each other, a love begins to flow between them.
Robert McKee, Story: Substance, Structure, Style, and the Principles of Screenwriting|A fine work of art - music, dance, painting, story - has the power to silence the chatter in the mind and lift us to another place.
James Wan|I write poems, I meditate. I don't live up to people's expectations. I don't do the conventional cool things - I know I am the coolest person.
Usain Bolt|I contemplate the bones for a while then turn away. I have work to do. Next year I will have an odako that is bigger, grander, more beautiful than anyone has ever seen. Next year.
Randy Alcorn, Ninety Days of God's Goodness: Daily Reflections That Shine Light on Personal Darkness|When you pretend you don’t feel hurt or angry or devastated, you’re not fooling God. Be honest! Don’t misunderstand; I am not encouraging you to be angry at God or to blame him. He deserves no blame. Rather, I am encouraging you to honestly confess to God your feelings of hurt, resentment, and anger. Often we look at suffering from our perspective and forget that God sees from another vantage point.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility|Like the waters of the river, like the motorists on the highway, and like the yellow trains streaking down the Santa Fe tracks, drama, in the shape of exceptional happenings, had never stopped there.
Luis Marques, Kemet - The Year of Revelation|The power of faith can be a strong force, but the power of knowing is even stronger. ☥
Wangari Maathai|There is a general knowledge that I am multi-dimensional, that when you are creative you do a lot of things.
Mohammad Fauzil Adhim, Dunia Kata|Sesungguhnya, penulis yang bersemangat jauh lebih menjanjikan daripada penulis yang berbakat.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Knight|How could you turn your back and walk off when there was so much left to say,How could you give up on me when it was nothing but just a evil phase,Why would you build boundaries when you knew they were going to break,Why wouldn't you come back as you know i will always cross your way cause this is real and not a mistake.
David Byrne, Bicycle Diaries|I wouldn't be surprised if poetry - poetry in the broadest sense, in the sense of a world filled with metaphor, rhyme, and recurring patterns, shapes, and designs - is how the world works. The world isn't logical; it's a song.
Judith Rossner|All my life I had feared to-morrow, until I decided to have faith and to live to-day in courage.
Ta-Nehisi Coates|Even then, I was dreaming of Raistlin's black robes one moment, and Dorsett's spin move the next. This was what my father deeded--that our Knowledge of Self be more than America, that we understand the brain death that sprawled from the projects to the subdivisions. Consciousness was a beginning, but the imagination could turn straight 18s into paladins in plate, could make warrens in tunnels from graph paper, could pull armies of gnolls from miniatures--that was the Knowledge that ultimately would find a way out.
Yevgeny Yevtushenko|The pursuit of happiness, which American citizens are obliged to undertake, tends to involve them in trying to perpetuate the moods, tastes and aptitudes of youth.
Mary Balogh, Slightly Tempted|Ah, but dreams cannot be captured with promises," he said. "Like water, they elude our grasp. But water is the staff of life. I believe your dream will come true if only because you will not compromise on it and let it go too lightly.
Debasish Mridha|Did you fail? Try, try again. There is no gain without pain.
RVM|By Sharing you don't become Poor . . . you become Rich. For the more you Share, the more shall you Receive.
Taylor Adams, Eyeshot|The more we accept the imperfections of life, the more perfect life seems to become.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Your salvation depends on what [Christ] has done for you, not on what you do for Him. It isn’t your hold on God that saves you; it’s His hold on you.
Swami Dhyan Giten|I do not belong to any spiritual group or tradition. I am just interested in exploring what it means to live with open eyes. People in spiritual organizations also tend to get caught in ideas of how it should be, and in the need of the ego to create hierachies of power, status, roles, ambition and obidience.Spiritual Masters teach on many different levels at the same time. Some people take what they can, and some take something deeper.
Gunther Kress, Multimodality: A Social Semiotic Approach to Contemporary Communication: Exploring Contemporary Methods of Communication|Shifting the frame only slightly, the choice of a theory from among the range of always ideologically founded theories is itself necessarily ideologically motivated. Positioning is unavoidable; positioning is the result of choice from among a range of possibilities; that choice is socially meaningful - it is ideological.
Gregory C. Carlson, Leading Healthcare Cultures: How Human Capital Drives Financial Performance|Teaching is the art of serendipity. Each of us has the experience of finding out that something we intended as only the most casual of remarks, or the stray example, changes the way some students thought to the point of changing their lives.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The act of writing is a contemplative vision quest, a somber expedition of discovery that requires the writer to subordinate their ego in order to travel in soulful solitude towards a desirable personal haven of rejuvenating enlightenment. Writing for personal growth entails unconditionally surrendering oneself to the struggle of tearing their sense of self apart. It demands the solemn willpower to dissect and analyze the fissures of a self-absorbent soul one layer at a time.
C.S. Lewis, The Collected Works of C.S. Lewis|The great thing, if one can, is to stop regarding all the unpleasant things as interruptions of one's 'own,' or 'real' life. The truth is of course that what one calls the interruptions are precisely one's real life -- the life God is sending one day by day.
Shirley Henderson|The key is to join an industry that you have a passion for. If you love cars, then automotive is where you should end up.
Christopher Morley|East Side, West Side, all around the town,The tots sang "Ring-a-rosie, London Bridge is falling Down;Boys and Girls together, me and Mamie O'Rorke, Tripped the light fantastic on the sidewalks of New York.
Siri Hustvedt, A Plea for Eros: Essays|Walking across campus made me feel sad, and I thought to myself, I wasn't happy there. Then, after reading, we walked past Butler Library. It was dark, but the light inside illuminated the windows. Students were reading and working, and those lit windows gave me a wonderful, weightless feeling. I understood for the first time how happy I had been there - in the library.
Erin Morgenstern, The Night Circus|You can live a lifetime and, at the end of it, know more about other people than you know about yourself. You learn to watch other people, but you never watch yourself because you strive against loneliness. If you read a book, or shuffle a deck of cards, or care for a dog, you are avoiding yourself. The abhorrence of loneliness is as natural as wanting to live at all. If it were otherwise, men would never have bothered to make an alphabet, nor to have fashioned words out of what were only animal sounds, nor to have crossed continents - each man to see what the other looked like.
Debasish Mridha|A holiday is for kindness, compassion, love, and holiness; it is not for laziness or craziness.
Katherine McIntyre, Forged Alliances|God, you had enough time to have been through it three times. You've been through my stuff. I bet you over and let one of you stick the world's longest finger up my ass. If a prostate check is an exam, that was a motherfucking safari. I was scared to look down. I thought I'd see that guy's finger nail sticking out of my cock.
George J. Mitchell|Ensuring all kids have access to an effective, talented teacher needs to be a national priority.
Anthony T. Hincks|He'd have improved if you'd not givenHim a mere glimmer of the light in heaven;He calls it Reason, and it has only increasedHis power to be beastlier than a beast.
Charlotte Fallowfield, Until We Collide|I wish I could stop this one moment, capture it, because I know it won’t last.Because a guy like him doesn’t stay in a woman’s life. He breezes through and leaves only havoc behind.
Sonia Johnson|We must remember that one determined person can make a significant difference, and that a small group of determined people can change the course of history.
Kim Bongiorno, Part of My World: Short Stories|Boney freckled knees pressed into bits of bark and stone, refusing to feel any more pain.Her faded t-shirt hugged her protruding ribs as she held on, hunched in silence.A lone tear followed the lumpy tracks down her cheek, jumped from her quivering jaw onto a thirsty browned leaf with a thunderous plop.Then the screen door squeaked open and she took flight.Crispy twigs snapped beneath her bare feet as she ran deeper and deeper into the woods behind the house. She heard him rumbling and calling her name, his voice fueling her tired muscles to go faster, to survive.He knew her path by now. He was ready for the hunt.The clanging unbuckled belt boomed in her ears as he gained on her.The woods were thin this time of year, not much to hide behind. If she couldn’t outrun him, up she would go.Young trees teased her in this direction, so she moved east towards the evergreens.Hunger and hurt left her no choice, she had to stop running soon.She grabbed the first tree with a branch low enough to reach, and up she went.The pine trees were taller here, older, but the branches were too far apart for her to reach. She chose the wrong tree.His footsteps pounded close by.She stood as tall as her little legs could, her bloodied fingers reaching, stretching, to no avail. A cry of defeat slipped from her lips, a knowing laugh barked from his.She would pay for this dearly. She didn’t know whether the price was more than she could bear. Her eyes closed, her next breath came out as Please, and an inky hand reached down from the lush needles above, wound its many fingers around hers, and pulled her up.Another hand, then another, grabbing her arms, her legs, firmly but gently, pulling her up, up, up. The rush of green pine needles and black limbs blurred together, then a flash of cobalt blue fluttered by, heading down.She looked beyond her dangling bare feet to see a flock of peculiar birds settle on the branches below her, their glossy feathers flickered at once and changed to the same greens and grays of the tree they perched upon, camouflaging her ascension.Her father’s footsteps below came to a stomping end, and she knew he was listening for her. Tracking her, trapping her, like he did the other beasts of the forest.He called her name once, twice. The third time’s tone not quite as friendly.The familiar slide–click sound of him readying his gun made her flinch before he had his chance to shoot at the sky. A warning. He wasn’t done with her.His feet crunched in circles around the tree, eventually heading back home.Finally, she exhaled and looked up. Dozens of golden-eyed creatures surrounded her from above. Covered in indigo pelts, with long limbs tipped with mint-colored claws, they seemed to move as one, like a heartbeat. As if they shared a pulse, a train of thought, a common sense.“Thank you,” she whispered, and the beasts moved in a wave to carefully place her on a thick branch.
Mark Twain|I was gratified to be able to answer promptly, and I did. I said I didn’t know.
Sharon Love Cook, A Nose for Hanky Panky|When your ship comes in, don't be in the bathroom with your pants around your ankles." quoted by Frank McNichols, father of Rose McNichols in A Nose for Hanky Panky, a Granite Cove Mystery
Criss Jami, Killosophy|A rumor is a social cancer: it is difficult to contain and it rots the brains of the masses. However, the real danger is that so many people find rumors enjoyable. That part causes the infection. And in such cases when a rumor is only partially made of truth, it is difficult to pinpoint exactly where the information may have gone wrong. It is passed on and on until some brave soul questions its validity; that brave soul refuses to bite the apple and let the apple eat him. Forced to start from scratch for the sake of purity and truth, that brave soul, figuratively speaking, fully amputates the information in order to protect his personal judgment. In other words, his ignorance is to be valued more than the lie believed to be true.
Liane de Pougy|I have to admit that I'm up to my neck in frivolity, buried in dresses to the point of ruin! Fifteen different garments! My wardrobe jam-packed! My girl, this is not the way for an old woman to behave - particularly since you never wear anything but black and white, or a little grey, so that you always look as though you were in the same dress. Why fritter away your money so absurdly? (22 August 1919)
Donald J. Trump|Proformas rarely perform; missed projections are more often the norm. Still, we skew them up high, we miss but we try, for proformas which rarely perform.
Max Heindel|When love is pure, it has the power to conquer. Lover and beloved conquer each other by their affection. The source, the essence, the fullest manifestation of love's conquering power is the love of the soul for the supreme soul, or God.
noor-alam|If you are facing problems in your life,be strong you will going to make better future.
Anonymous|The smallest grain of natural honesty and benevolence has more effect on men’s conduct, than the most pompous views suggested by theological theories and systems.
M. Tyler, Bound|Their eyes are precisely similar, and they are those of Catherine Earnshaw.
Joe Hill, The Fireman|The Incas were right to worship the sun, Father. God is fire. Combustion is the one inarguable blessing. A tree, oil, coal, a man, a civilization, a soul. They've all got to burn sometime. The warmth made by their passing may be the salvation of others. The ultimate value of the Bible, the Constitution, or any work of literature, really, is that they all burn very well, and for a while they keep back the cold.
Cheryl Rainfield, Scars|If you really care about Charlotte, don't be afraid to tell her. Believe me, it will hurt her a lot more not hearing the words than it will hurt you to say them.
Ernst Jentsch, Zur Psychologie des Unheimlichen|In telling a story one of the most successful devices for easily creating uncanny effects is to leave the reader in uncertainty whether a particular figure in the story is a human being or an automaton and to do it in such a way that his attention is not focused directly upon his uncertainty, so that he may not be led to go into the matter and clear it up immediately.
Aristotle|Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence.
H.G. Wells, The War of the Worlds|Meanwhile, we have carved out a place for ourselves among the dead; the glittering pinnacles of commerce rise along the skyline, their foundations sunk in a charnel house; and the lost lie forgotten below us as, overhead, we persaude ourselves that we are immortal and carry on the business of life.
Annalee Newitz|Mary Tyler Moore was a working woman whose story lines were not always about dating and men. They were about work friendships and relationships, which is what I feel my adult life has mostly been about.
Joe Biden, Promises to Keep: On Life and Politics|Robert Bork, at opening of Judiciary hearings:How should a judge go about finding the law? The only legitimate way, in my opinion, is by attempting to discern what those who made the law intended...As I wrote in an opinion for our court, the judge's responsibility "is to discern how the framers' values, defined in the context of the world they knew, apply in the world we know.If a judge abandons intentions as his guide, there is no law available to him, and he begins to legislate a social agenda for the American people. That goes well beyond his powers..
Neil Gaiman|Tomorrow may be hell, but today was a good writing day, and on the good writing days nothing else matters.
Stephanie Kingsmore|Figuring out what you want out of life is hard. Having the courage to full fill it, is even harder.
Trevor P. Wardlaw, Sires and Sons: The Story of Hubbard's Regiment|Quite often, people inaccurately comment about the villains of the South and the heroes of the North. Such statements cause bitter debates. Thus, it is important to recognize the good and the bad from both the Confederate and Union armies. The fact is, the war stripped many men of their inhibitions and their immoral behaviors detrimentally affected all fellow Americans.
Balroop Singh|We all want, above all, to be heard. We want to be understood—heard for what we think we are saying, for what we know we meant.
Keith Miller, Habitation of Dragons|When you became a Christian, you were still susceptible to living the way you learned to live before. Your brain was not wiped clean. That conflicts with this new life to which you gave yourself. Is it easy being a Christian in this world today? No! You are living in two contrary worlds at the same time. The two worlds have collided!
Pablo Neruda|Our dreams are little stories or puzzles that we must solve to be free, Sebastian said. He was reading out loud from Wilson's notebook. My dream is me offering me a solution to the conundrum of my life. My dream is me offering me something that I need and my responsibility to myself is to try to understand what it means. Our dreams are a thin curtain between survival and extinction.
John Howard Griffin, Black Like Me|Shutting out your problems does not dismiss them. Ignorance is not bliss. On the contrary, it creates an opportunity for those problems to grow.
Barbara Jonas, Book of Love, Laughter and Romance|Ceremony-the wine of human existence" - Morris R. Cohen
Rafael Sabatini, The Life of Cesare Borgia|But I am a writer, and I deal in words, and I need to have them spelled out for me--precisely.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Quietude is the hermit’s humble tool. An intrepid person might attempt to wring out of him or herself a translucent state of creative consciousness by deliberately cutting oneself off from all outside stimuli. When the exterior world forms a wall of impenetrable silence, in our state of exile we can hear the unique cadence of the subtle mind’s authentic ringtone.
Max Hawthorne|writing - like any art - is so damned personal that there really isn't a right way to do it. You do what works for you; what matters is getting the words on the paper. Sure, if you hear advice, and it works, then excellent. But, if it doesn't, you have to realize that perhaps nothing is wrong with you. You don't jive with the advice.
Simone Weil|There's a reason why every human society has fiction. It teaches us how to be 'good', to behave in a way that is for the benefit of the whole community.
Kathryn Davis, Duplex|The world had edges but you couldn’t see them going, only when you were trying to come back.
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi|The only principles of public conduct that are worthy of a gentleman or a man are to sacrifice estate, ease, health, and applause, and even life, to the sacred calls of his country.
Michelle Zink, Guardian of the Gate|If it is ones lot to be cast among fools, one must learn foolishness.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|...even nursery tales only echo an almost pre-natal leap of interest and amazement. These tales say that apples were golden only to refresh the forgotten moment when we found that they were green. They make rivers run with wine only to make us remember, for one wild moment, that they run with water.
Bram Stoker|There, conspicuous in the light of the conflagration, lay the dead body of a woman—the white face turned upward, the hands thrown out and clutched full of grass, the clothing deranged, the long dark hair in tangles and full of clotted blood. The greater part of the forehead was torn away, and from the jagged hole the brain protruded, overflowing the temple, a frothy mass of gray, crowned with clusters of crimson bubbles—the work of a shell.The child moved his little hands, making wild, uncertain gestures. He uttered a series of inarticulate and indescribable cries—something between the chattering of an ape and the gobbling of a turkey—a startling, soulless, unholy sound, the language of a devil. The child was a deaf mute.Then he stood motionless, with quivering lips, looking down upon the wreck.
Matshona Dhliwayo|To one full of love:a stranger is his brother,a stranger is his sister,a stranger is his mother,a stranger is his father.To one full of self:a stranger is a nuisance,a stranger is an intruder,a stranger is an adversary,a stranger is a stranger.
Charlotte Bunch|Again, it may be said, that to love justice and equality the people need no great effort of virtue; it is sufficient that they love themselves.
Joseph Alois Schumpeter, Capitalism, Socialism and Democracy|Please do not think that I am accusing socialists of insincerity or that I wish to hold them up to scorn either as bad democrats or as unprincipled schemers and opportunists. I fully believe, in spite of the childish Machiavellism in which some of their prophets indulge, that fundamentally most of them always have been as sincere in their professions as any other men. Besides, I do not believe in insincerity in social strife, for people always come to think what they want to think and what they incessantly profess. As regards democracy, socialist parties are presumably no more opportunists than are any others; they simply espouse democracy if, as, and when it serves their ideals and interests and not otherwise. Lest readers should be shocked and think so immoral a view worthy only of the most callous of political practitioners, ...
Martha N. Beck, Diana, Herself: An Allegory of Awakening|All for all, always.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|Over and over we lose this sense of feeling we are wholly in our skins by means already named as well as through extended duress. Those who toil too long without respite are also at risk. The soulskin vanishes when we are not paying attention to what we are really doing and particularly the cost to us.""We lose the soulskin by becoming too involved with ego, by being too exacting, perfectionistic, or unnecessarily martyred, or driven by a blind ambition, or by being dissatisfied - about self, family, community, culture, world - and not saying or doing anything about it, or by pretending we are an ending source for others, or by not doing all we can to help ourselves. Oh, there are as many ways to lose the soul skin as there are women in the world.""The only way to hold on to this sensual soulskin is to retain an exquisitely pristine consciousness about its value and uses.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Great Gatsby|Every one suspects himself of at least one of the cardinal virtues, and this is mine: I am one of the few honest people that I have ever known.
E.L. Doctorow|Several times he had to flatten himself against the shelves as a thesaurus thundered by. He waited patiently as a herd of Critters crawled past, grazing on the contents of the choicer books and leaving behind them piles of small slim volumes of literary criticism.
Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God|The monstropolous beast had left his bed. The two hundred miles a hour wind had loosed his chains. He seized hold of his dikes and ran forward until he met the quarters; uprooted them like grass and rushed on after his supposed-to-be conquerors, rolling the dikes, rolling the houses, rolling the people in the houses along with other timbers. The sea was walking the earth with a heavy heel.
Timothy Joshua|I didn't see her love,but I felt itthrough the sun,the wind,and the raindrops
Mahershala Ali|If you look at my characters as a group, they all have a different relationship with the way that places can signify emotion in them - and the way those bonds can be shattered.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|If your options are closing-in around you and you feel panicked, scared and helpless, this is the time for action.
Liam Neeson|My hope is that gays will be running the world, because then there would be no war. Just a greater emphasis on military apparel.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|I'm in love with you, and I'm not in the business of denying myself the simple pleasure of saying true things.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I cannot create greatness as I can only create weak facsimiles. And in sorting through the innumerable facsimiles around me, I will only happen upon true greatness when I happen upon the true God.
Abhijit Naskar|The more you learn the biology behind your every action, emotion and behavior, the better you become at accepting others the way they are.
Charles Dickens, The Chimes|Oh, let us love our occupations,Bless the squire and his relations,Live upon our daily rations,And always know our proper stations.
Tim Finchem|Travel is so important in its capacity to expand the mind. It's exciting to start as young as possible - you get to see how other cultures live, challenge your senses, and try different cuisines.
E.A. Bucchianeri, Brushstrokes of a Gadfly|The devil has not vanished simply because people refuse to believe he exists, no more than God has...
Molly Friedenfeld, The Book of Simple Human Truths|Living your life through Gratitude, is not one of comparing how you are better than someone else; or Gratitude only for what you own or obtain or achieve. Living your life through Gratitude, is seeing that the world would be missing something very valuable if you were not in it.
Joyce Meyer|It's important to air your concerns and fears with someone you trust. When you're honest about how you can change and grow, and where your weaknesses are, then you open the door for improvement and change.
Robert McKee, Story: Substance, Structure, Style, and the Principles of Screenwriting|True character is revealed in the choices a human being makes under pressure - the greater the pressure, the deeper the revelation, the truer the choice to the character's essential nature.
Elizabeth Berg, Never Change|But in spite of my great desire for intimacy, I've always been a loner. Perhaps when the longing for connection is as strong as it is in me, when the desire is for something so deep and true, one knows better than to try. One sees that this is not the place for that.
Brandon Sanderson, Words of Radiance|Even connoisseurship can have politics, Slow Food wagers, since an eater in closer touch with his senses will find less pleasure in a box of Chicken McNuggets than in a pastured chicken or a rare breed of pig. It's all very Italian (and decidedly un-American) to insist that doing the right thing is the most pleasurable thing, and that the act of consumption might be an act of addition rather than subtraction.
André Maurois|If men could regard the events of their own lives with more open minds, they would frequently discover that they did not really desire the things they failed to obtain.
Red Tash, This Brilliant Darkness|The dead have existed for as long as the living, give or take a few years. But what good has that done them?
Laurie Matthew, Fight! Rabbit! Fight!|Such a deep silence surrounds me, that I think I hear moonbeams striking on the windows.
R.N. Prasher|The restless spirit never loses its wings. If sometimes it cannot fly, it is because during those moments the sky vanishes.
Mariano Azuela, Los de abajo|The ones who close the path for peacefull revolution, at the same time open the path for violent revolution.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Obsidian|Daemon!" Dee called from the kitchen. "I need your help!""We should go see what she's doing before she destroys your kitchen." He rubbed his hands down his face. "It's possible.
Vironika Tugaleva|There is no quick fix-all procedure to heal your insecurities. Like any relationship, the relationship with yourself must be built and re-built one kind, loving conversation at a time.
Abu al-Ala al-Ma'arri, Birds Through a Ceiling of Alabaster: Three Abbasid Poets|When men shake hands with time, time crushesThem like tumblers; little pieces of glass.
Albert Borris, Crash Into Me|I wonder if it will rain after we die. When you kill yourself, you don't know what happens next, afterward.
Susannah Sandlin, Black Diamond|I'm concerned about the woman you're holding prisoner in there," Beckett said. "Knock three times if you're being held against your will."	Phoebe gasped and answered, "I'm fine, too."	"Good." Beckett said with a chuckle. "I was afraid I'd have to call the cops on my cop brother.
John Bradshaw, Dog Sense: How the New Science of Dog Behavior Can Make You a Better Friend to Your Pet|It's hard enough for a person to keep their own socks pulled up, let alone someone else's.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Don’t fight with narrow minded people; be determined to compel them to change their mindsets about who you stand to be, not by arguments, but by focusing on what you do every day. If they change it, fine; if they don’t, fine. The good news is that you are pursuing excellence!
Olga Goa, Fateful Italian Passion|The words of men cannot be trusted, especially men like you!
T.S. Eliot, Murder in the Cathedral|We have only to conquer Now, by suffering. This is the easier victory.Now is the triumph of the cross.
Dan Simmons, Hyperion|in Theo – quiet, efficient Theo – to get him through the morning. Trusting in luck to get him through the day. Trusting in the drinking at Cicero’s to get him through the night. Trusting in the unimportance of his posting to get him through life.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you knew what lies ahead on the path, it would not be an adventure, now would it?
Eadweard Muybridge|Weston, having been born in Chicago, was raised with typical, well-grounded, mid-western values. On his 16th birthday, his father gave him a Kodak camera with which he started what would become his lifetime vocation. During the summer of 1908, Weston met Flora May Chandler, a schoolteacher who was seven years older than he was. The following year the couple married and in time they had four sons.Weston and his family moved to Southern California and opened a portrait studio on Brand Boulevard, in the artsy section of Glendale, California, called Tropico. His artistic skills soon became apparent and he became well known for his portraits of famous people, such as Carl Sandburg and Max Eastman. In the autumn of 1913, hearing of his work, Margrethe Mather, a photographer from Los Angeles, came to his studio, where Weston asked her to be his studio assistant. It didn’t take long before the two developed a passionate, intimate relationship. Both Weston and Mather became active in the growing bohemian cultural scene in Los Angeles. She was extremely outgoing and artistic in a most flamboyant way. Her bohemian sexual values were new to Weston’s conventional thinking, but Mather excited him and presented him with a new outlook that he found enticing. Mather was beautiful, and being bisexual and having been a high-class prostitute, was delightfully worldly. Mather's uninhibited lifestyle became irresistible to Weston and her photography took him into a new and exciting art form. As Mather worked and overtly played with him, she presented a lifestyle that was in stark contrast to Weston’s conventional home life, and he soon came to see his wife Flora as a person with whom he had little in common.Weston expanded his horizons but tried to keep his affairs with other women a secret. As he immersed himself further into nude photography, it became more difficult to hide his new lifestyle from his wife. Flora became suspicious about this secret life, but apparently suffered in silence. One of the first of many women who agreed to model nude for Weston was Tina Modotti. Although Mather remained with Weston, Tina soon became his primary model and remained so for the next several years. There was an instant attraction between Tina Modotti, Mather and Edward Weston, and although he remained married, Tina became his student, model and lover. Richey soon became aware of the affair, but it didn’t seem to bother him, as they all continued to remain good friends. The relationship Tina had with Weston could definitely be considered “cheating,” since knowledge of the affair was withheld as much as possible from his wife Flora May.Perhaps his wife knew and condoned this new promiscuous relationship, since she had also endured the intense liaison with Margrethe Mather. Tina, Mather and Weston continued working together until Tina and Weston suddenly left for Mexico in 1923.As a group, they were all a part of the cozy, artsy, bohemian society of Los Angeles, which was where they were introduced to the then-fashionable, communistic philosophy.
Phar West Nagle|…the most devastating thing Finney could have said. Not that Peter was hated by his father. But that he’d been loved all along. He’d interpreted kindness as cruelty, generosity as meanness, support as tethers. How horrible to have been offered love, and to have chosen hate instead. He’d turned heaven into hell.
Dean Karnazes|I came back, Uncle Eddie. Last year, after the Henley, I could have gone to any school in the world -- I could have done anything, but I came back." "You ran away, Katarina." "And now I'm back." "You're still running.
Stifyn Emrys|Oh, you knew that your deed would be preserved in books, would reach tghe depths of the ages and the utmost limits of the earth, and you hoped that, following you, man, too, would remain with God, having no need of miracles. But you did not know that as soon as man rejects miracles, he will at once reject God as well, for man seeks not so much God as miracles. And since man cannot bear to be left without miracles, he will go and create new miracles for himself... Oh, there will be centuries of free reason, of their science and anthropophagy... Freedom, free reason, and science willl lead them into such a maze, and confront them with such miracles and insoluble mysteries, that some of them, unruly and ferocious, will exterminate themselves.
Darrell Calkins, Re:|Of course, the self-righteous demand and expectation for love, and exactly how it should be expressed, is not the most streamlined method for producing it in another for you. That is, it does not compel or create the love itself. You’re neither loving nor producing that which would compel the love toward you. You’re compressed between them both and incapable of accepting either. And rightly so. Which then accelerates the accumulating suffering.
James O'Barr|Here dwells a snake, one thousand miles longCoiled, one thousand miles deepEyes like candy, it has eyes like candyHard and blue, but soft as kittens feetOut of sight or in the element of lightIt could be a devil, it could be an angelWith spiders inside a vision from hellIts spine is a vertical screamSlow as concrete, blurred as a dreamFueled by inertia, depth, radius, and velocity,Its soul--a twisted wreckage of despair and painAnd the spiders inside are just praying for rainKilling time killing timeAnd praying for rainOne thousand miles deep
Sergio Troncoso|A narcissist with power will attempt to prove in the world only what is already in his head. He can't 'see' otherwise. For him, the 'outside world' is not beyond him and does not question or challenge him and his ideas. He is the world. Others will assent to his distorted worldview, because he is powerful, not because he is believable. If he possesses any reflection, that will be exactly what will gnaw at the narcissist with power most of all: his 'truths' are inauthentic, and he is a human being without integrity. The very narcissism and power he possesses prevent him from an ongoing relationship with the truth, which begins with self-humility and the curiosity this can create in a person.
Hadley Freeman|We have work to do if you are not to be a total failure like high-waisted, acid-wash jeans.
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Eternity series|She is beautiful, soft hair nearly midnight in color, large eyes nearly as dark, and ivory skin like the petals of the lily, and she wore a fragrance of jasmine. But 'tis her willfulness that I enjoyed the most. And her resourcefulness.
Lindsay Detwiler, Voice of Innocence|No one can soothe my inner being like you. No one can make me look to the future with such excitement like you did. No one can understand me, fulfill me, fit me like you did." ~Emma Ranstein
Gary Snyder|I have a friend who feels sometimes that the world is hostile to human life--he says it chills us and kills us. But how could we be were it not for this planet that provided our very shape? Two conditions--gravity and a livable temperature range between freezing and boiling--have given us fluids and flesh. The trees we climb and the ground we walk on have given us five fingers and toes. The "place" (from the root plat, broad, spreading, flat) gave us far-seeing eyes, the streams and breezes gave us versatile tongues and whorly ears. The land gave us a stride, and the lake a dive. The amazement gave us our kind of mind. We should be thankful for that, and take nature's stricter lessons with some grace.
Yukio Mishima, The Sailor Who Fell from Grace with the Sea|She told me she loved me. She told me a lot of things. Some of those things were true, and some of those may or may not have been true. It’s kind of hard to tell, because to be honest, I wasn’t listening. 
Muhammad Imran Hasan|This is my mind , i own it!
Gary   Hopkins|Self-Empowerment is free to anyone who chooses to use it. It comes from within and nowhere else. You cannot buy it, borrow it, steal it or sell it. It is always available to you and never wears out. The only choice you have to make is whether or not you will use it.
Jean-François Beauchemin|There, at a depth to which divers would find it difficult to descend, are caverns, haunts, and dusky mazes, where monstrous creatures multiply and destroy each other. Huge crabs devour fish and are devoured in their turn. Hideous shapes of living things, not created to be seen by human eyes wander in this twilight. Vague forms of antennae, tentacles, fins, open jaws, scales, and claws, float about there, quivering, growing larger, or decomposing and perishing in the gloom, while horrible swarms of swimming things prowl about seeking their prey.To gaze into the depths of the sea is, in the imagination, like beholding the vast unknown, and from its most terrible point of view. The submarine gulf is analogous to the realm of night and dreams. There also is sleep, unconsciousness, or at least apparent unconsciousness, of creation. There in the awful silence and darkness, the rude first forms of life, phantomlike, demoniacal, pursue their horrible instincts.
Beth  Lewis, The Wolf Road|But I weren't no quitter No wolf nor bear just gives up when they get beat or hungry. You ever seen a bear jump off a cliff 'cause life handed him a few rough draws? No, you haven't. The wild keeps going till it don't have strength in its muscles and bones. The wild doesn't give up; it's forever, and so was I.
Dalai Lama|My parents taught me never to judge others based on whom they love, what color their skin is, or their religion.
Monica Drake, Clown Girl|The dream of all men is to meet little sluts who are innocent but ready for all forms of depravity—which is what, more or less, all teenage girls are.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|I observed that most global achievers were first time global failures. It means, when you fail at your first attempt, perhaps that is the beginning of global influence. Don't give up. Dress up and go to work!
Rasheed Ogunlaru|The internet and online communication is the window into your world - but real life, in person communication / connection is the door.
Dr. Seuss, I Had Trouble In Getting To Solla Sollew|There is no such thing as not worshipping. Everybody worships. The only choice we get is what to worship. And an outstanding reason for choosing some sort of God or spiritual-type thing to worship — be it J.C. or Allah, be it Yahweh or the Wiccan mother-goddess or the Four Noble Truths or some infrangible set of ethical principles — is that pretty much anything else you worship will eat you alive. If you worship money and things — if they are where you tap real meaning in life — then you will never have enough. Never feel you have enough. It's the truth. Worship your own body and beauty and sexual allure and you will always feel ugly, and when time and age start showing, you will die a million deaths before they finally plant you. On one level, we all know this stuff already — it's been codified as myths, proverbs, clichés, bromides, epigrams, parables: the skeleton of every great story. The trick is keeping the truth up-front in daily consciousness. Worship power — you will feel weak and afraid, and you will need ever more power over others to keep the fear at bay. Worship your intellect, being seen as smart — you will end up feeling stupid, a fraud, always on the verge of being found out. And so on.
Carol Lynne, Live for Today|I like to make you know your master,” Crane said. “It's only fair. The rest of the time you've got me so thoroughly enslaved, I might as well be wearing a collar with your name on it.
Atom Tate|Knight, of course, felt that anyone's willing assistance tainted the whole thing. Either you are hidden or you're not, no middle ground. He wished to be unconditionally alone, exiled to an island of his own creation, an uncontacted tribe of one.
John Dryden|Because his [Damien Hirst] art is idea art - art drawn on the back of cigarette packets and beer mats, roughed out in airport departure lounges and the back of the taxis, usually delegated to and carried by others - this leaves Damien a lot of time for what might loosely be called socializing. Hanging around.
John Green, Paper Towns|The gray paint peels off the wall in odd and beautiful patterns, each cracked polygon of paint a snowflake of decay.
Sherman Alexie, Indian Killer|If you kill a black man, the world is silent. You can hear a garage door opening from twenty blocks away. You can pick up a pay phone and only hear the dial tone. Shooting stars sound exactly like the soft laughter of a little girl in Gasworks Park. If you kill a white man, the world erupts with noise: fireworks, sirens, a gavel pounding a desk, the slamming of doors.
Kelly Easton, The Life History of a Star|The atoms of the earth are formed inside of stars. Nothing really dies, everything is transformed.
Richard Adams, Watership Down|Many human beings say that they enjoy the winter, but what they really enjoy is feeling proof against it.
Dominic Riccitello|They always come back, but we don’t always answer.
Saravana Kumar Murugan|Deleuze and Guattari have been totally misunderstood because the following has been wrenched from context: "Forming grammatically correct sentences is for the normal individual the prerequisite for any submission to social laws. No one is supposed to be ignorant of grammaticality; those who are belong in special institutions. The unity of language is fundamentally political." (112)They are NOT advocating for this sort of prescriptive approach to language; rather, they are describing the social system around language--how language is a political tool. Why persist in quoting them as though they are promoting some sort of linguistic purity?
Steve Jobs|How much larger your life would be if your self could become smaller in it; if you could really look at other men with common curiosity and pleasure; if you could see them walking as they are in their sunny sefishness and their virile indifference! You would begin to be interested in them, because they are not interested in you. You would break out of this tiny and tawdry theatre in which your own little plot is always played, and you would find yourself under a freer sky, in a street full of splendid strangers.
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|You're alive, Bod. That means you have infinite potential. You can do anything, make anything, dream anything. If you can change the world, the world will change. Potential. Once you're dead, it's gone. Over. You've made what you've made, dreamed your dream, written your name. You may be buried here, you may even walk. But that potential is finished.
José Saramago, The Cave|Do not be discouraged by the resistance you will encounter from your human nature; you must go against your human inclinations. Often, in the beginning, you will think that you are wasting time, but you must go on, be determined and persevere in it until death, despite all the difficulties.
Haile Gebrselassie|I have never in my life found myself in a situation where I've stopped work and said, 'Thank God it's Friday.' But weekends are special even if your schedule is all over the place. Something tells you the weekend has arrived and you can indulge yourself a bit.
Sarah J. Maas, Queen of Shadows|It was not the sorrowful, lovely piece she had once played for Dorian, and it was not the light, dancing melodies she'd played for sport; it was not the complex and clever pieces she had played for Nehemia and Chaol. This piece was a celebration—a reaffirmation of life, of glory, of the pain and beauty in breathing.Perhaps that was why she'd gone to hear it performed every year, after so much killing and torture and punishment: as a reminder of that she was, of what she struggled to
Earl Monroe|Sports are such a great teacher. I think of everything they've taught me: camaraderie, humility, how to resolve differences.
Sōseki Natsume, Sanshirō|Hirota feels strongly drawn toward nature and the natural, is hyper-sensitive to the artificial—particularly that most cramped and constraining man-made creation, society—and does his best to avoid it.
Alain de Botton|My parents, and librarians along the way, taught me about the space between words; about the margins, where so many juicy moments of life and spirit and friendship could be found. In a library, you could find miracles and truth and you might find something that would make you laugh so hard that you get shushed, in the friendliest way.
Aleksandra Ninkovic, Write like no one is reading|I learned that adults were not soaring gods, but rather back-yard birds with broken wingtips.When you are thirteen, about to free-fall into the real world, discovering the broken wingtips is terrifying.
Stanley Hauerwas|Every day, getting up early in the morning before much traffic, my wife takes me 10 miles from home, drops me off, and I have to get back.
Larry Winget, It's Called Work For a Reason|The world, and therefore the workplace, is full of idiots. And the reality of life is that when you get rid of one idiot, another will show up to take his place. It's the curse of humanity.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|If I ever get a chance to be with you forever, I will like to be within you, to be explored and loved in silence.
Roshan Sharma|The most important aspect of life is not the creation, but the creator in you and the process of creation. Once you realize the flow of cosmic energy inside, along with its source, you understand the creator of the universe, and its cosmic order.
Deborah Wilde, The Unlikeable Demon Hunter|I wander this path,So lost and yet so free.I have fallen so many times.My heart knows what I want,And yet, something holds me back,A demon that lusts over pointless endeavours.This path is a battlefield.One man will fall,One man will stand,A cycle till the end of my time.My heart’s main fear that it will lose,And so, I lose and I lose.My heart, so insecure,My demon, oh, so confident.Stop.
Anne Brontë, Agnes Grey|It is foolish to wish for beauty.  Sensible people never either desire it for themselves or care about it in others.  If the mind be but well cultivated, and the heart well disposed, no one ever cares for the exterior.  So said the teachers of our childhood; and so say we to the children of the present day.  All very judicious and proper, no doubt; but are such assertions supported by actual experience?We are naturally disposed to love what gives us pleasure, and what more pleasing than a beautiful face—when we know no harm of the possessor at least?  A little girl loves her bird—Why?  Because it lives and feels; because it is helpless and harmless?  A toad, likewise, lives and feels, and is equally helpless and harmless; but though she would not hurt a toad, she cannot love it like the bird, with its graceful form, soft feathers, and bright, speaking eyes.  If a woman is fair and amiable, she is praised for both qualities, but especially the former, by the bulk of mankind: if, on the other hand, she is disagreeable in person and character, her plainness is commonly inveighed against as her greatest crime, because, to common observers, it gives the greatest offence; while, if she is plain and good, provided she is a person of retired manners and secluded life, no one ever knows of her goodness, except her immediate connections.  Others, on the contrary, are disposed to form unfavourable opinions of her mind, and disposition, if it be but to excuse themselves for their instinctive dislike of one so unfavoured by nature; and visa versâ with her whose angel form conceals a vicious heart, or sheds a false, deceitful charm over defects and foibles that would not be tolerated in another. 
Max von Essen|Passover and Easter are the only Jewish and Christian holidays that move in sync, like the ice skating pairs we saw during the winter Olympics.
Gail Carriger, Blameless|The Princess attitude to food isn’t about obsessively scraping the oil off your salad, saying no to crème brûlée and taking a little snack bag of spinach everywhere you go. I truly believe it’s more important to consciously choose what you’re going to eat and enjoy every bite – even if it’s a gooey chocolate cake with extra sugary sprinkles – than to make a healthy diet such a burden that your life stretches out in front of you as a joyless, never-ending round of wafer snack breads. (Let’s face it, chocolate is a divine gift to us all and should be appreciated for the mood-altering drug that it is.)
Nargis Fakhri|I would say I'm a boss who's learning, and I hope people have the patience for the fact that I'm learning along the way because that's a tough thing.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Distinctive Footprints of Life: Where Are You Heading Towards?|if you are to begin at the beginning of the end, do not wait till the end before you begin. Time and timing is an essential accoutrement in the journey of life.
Eleanor Brown, The Weird Sisters|We have developed communications systems to permit man on earth to talk with man on the moon. Yet mother often cannot talk with daughter, father to son, black to white, labour with management or democracy with communism
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|Harry witnessed Professor McGonagall walking right past Peeves who was determinedly loosening a crystal chandelier and could have sworn he heard her tell the poltergeist out of the corner of her mouth, 'It unscrews the other way.
Luigina Sgarro|At that, Marty howled great big, messy sobs, and Elanor, the little lady in the yellow suit, who organized the weddings at the church, came running with a box of tissue.Oz appeared in the vestibule, looking alarmed. “Is everything all right? I thought someone was strangling a duck.”“Do you mind?” Marty snapped. “Me and the bride, here, we’re having a moment.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Endure while you can, you will succeed in due time.
Arlie Russell Hochschild, The Second Shift: Working Families and the Revolution at Home|O ye that love mankind! Ye that dare oppose, not only the tyranny, butthe tyrant, stand forth! Every spot of the old world is overrun with oppression.Freedom hath been hunted round the globe. Asia, and Africa,have long expelled her.?Europe regards her like a stranger, and Englandhath given her warning to depart. O! receive the fugitive, and prepare intime an asylum for mankind.
Charles M. Blow|The cause-effect sequences in our brains are just as determining, just as inescapable, as anywhere else in Nature.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|I have spent many an hour, when I was younger, floating over its surface as the zephyr willed, having paddled my boat to the middle, and lying on my back across the seats, in a summer forenoon, dreaming awake, until I was aroused by the boat touching the sand, and I arose to see what shore my fates had impelled me to; days when idleness was the most attractive and productive industry. Many a forenoon have I stolen away, preferring to spend thus the most valued part of the day; for I was rich, if not in money, in sunny hours and summer days, and spent them lavishly
Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy|For a while this seemed to do the trick, and I felt that whatever contamination I had helped to spread, the boundaries I had helped to break, sprinkling flakes of myself all over the surface of New York like so much fish food, had been forgiven.
Mensah Oteh, Unlocking Life's Treasure Chest: Wisdom keys to keep you inspired, encouraged, motivated and focused|All worthwhile endeavours begin in your thoughts, and focusing your thoughts appropriately will increase your chances of success.
Rosamund Lupton, Sister|Our mind is who we are; it’s where we feel and think and believe. It’s where we have love and hate and faith and passion.’ I was getting a little embarrassed by your earnestness but you continued, ‘How can someone hope to treat another person’s mind unless they are also a theologian and a philosopher and a poet?
Matshona Dhliwayo|No matter how low the sun sets, the time is coming when it will surely rise.
Andrew Nikiforuk|The problem with holistic management is it's so profoundly simple, but it's not easy. And it's profoundly simple. You're almost insulting people's intelligence to explain it twice, just about making better decisions of where you want to go in your life, bringing in environmental, social, economic issues simultaneously.
Claude Monet|Art is not supposed to change the world, to change practical things, but to change perceptions. Art can change the way we see the world. Art can create an analogy.
Simon Cowell|Anyone who has the temerity to write about Jane Austen is aware of [two] facts: first, that of all great writers she is the most difficult to catch in the act of greatness; second, that there are twenty-five elderly gentlemen living in the neighbourhood of London who resent any slight upon her genius as if it were an insult to the chastity of their aunts.
Edmund Burke|I believe that we must align our actions with our highest principles. No matter the outcome, we will not have failed if we act from our best intentions.”“The road to hell is paved with good intentions, Captain,” Chakotay said with equal certainty.“So is the road to peace,” Cambridge observed.
Kowtham Kumar K|I often come across this question. "Which is the best camera in the world?". I would always say, "Well. You already own two of it, since your birth.
Abraham Verghese|I first wanted to be a psychiatrist. I decided against that in medical school when I discovered that psychiatrists didn't, in reality, do what they did on TV.
Toni Sorenson, Aligned By Christ|An attitude adjustment from the inside out is what it will take to get you to change direction. The truth is God is on your side, no matter how far you’ve wandered. He still loves you. He still needs you. Your sins don’t define you. He does.
Rosamund Hodge, Cruel Beauty|The sky was dark blue twilight, pretty to look at but lonely to walk under.
Robert McKee, Story: Substance, Structure, Style, and the Principles of Screenwriting|I have come gradually to understand that the liberal arts cliché about teaching you how to think is actually shorthand for a much deeper, more serious idea: learning how to think really means learning how to exercise some control over how and what you think. It means being conscious and aware enough to choose what you pay attention to and to choose how you construct meaning from experience. Because if you cannot exercise this kind of choice in adult life, you will be totally hosed.
Veronica Roth, Divergent|No,” Joan vowed. She grabbed Bash’s shirt. “I don’t want this. Didn’t want this to happen.”Screams resonated.Bash continued quietly, “None of us do. That’s not up to us. We have to decide what we’re going to do with what we’re given. Play the cards dealt to us.
J.D. Salinger, Franny and Zooey|The sun just touched the morning;	The morning, happy thing,	Supposed that he had come to dwell,	And life would be all spring.
Maud Hart Lovelace, Betsy and Tacy Go Downtown|She tried to act as though it were nothing to go to the library alone. But her happiness betrayed her. Her smile could not be restrained, and it spread from her tightly pressed mouth, to her round cheeks, almost to the hair ribbons tied in perky bows over her ears.
Geraldine Solon, Chocolicious|My voice was a bare rasp of fear. "In the weaving room, the women say it's never been this bad before..." "They always say that when things get difficult," she answered softly. Then she sat up suddenly as though coming fully awake. Reaching down, she took my chin in her hand and tipped my face to look up at hers. "Remember, Gwen, no matter who says what, the important thing is to understand what needs to be done, and then do it. No matter how hard it is, or how much pain you feel. It's as simple as that, really. Once you know what you have to do, you just do it.
Tara West, Divine and Dateless|Holy shit, he was harder that a rod of steel, and as his leg ground out a torturous rhythm between my thighs, I realized I was hotter than spring in Seattle.This was not a dream, this was real, and I had just fondled the boner of the Grim Reaper.
Dada Bhagwan|Compassion is an ordinary intent that is felt for everywhere in this world and it is the intent that, ‘the whole world is trapped in worldly miseries; how can their miseries be alleviated?
Bob Newhart|I'm always so amazed by which performances work really, really well and which ones don't. But I think it's just mostly, 'She's Out Of My League,' so many people saw that movie on DVD and on the plane. Just millions of people saw that movie. That's the reason I'm somewhat famous.
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|When you think a positive thought, you become positive.
Sogyal Rinpoche, The Tibetan Book of Living and Dying|Above all, be at ease, be as natural and spacious as possible. Slip quietly out of the noose of your habitual anxious self, release all grasping, and relax into your true nature. Think of your ordinary emotional, thought-ridden self as a block of ice or a slab of butter left out in the sun. If you are feeling hard and cold, let this aggression melt away in the sunlight of your meditation. Let peace work on you and enable you to gather your scattered mind into the mindfulness of Calm Abiding, and awaken in you the awareness and insight of Clear Seeing. And you will find all your negativity disarmed, your aggression dissolved, and your confusion evaporating slowly like mist into the vast and stainless sky of your absolute nature.
David Ignatow|Standing beside you,I took an oathto make your life simpler by complicating mineand what I always thought would happen did:I was lifted up in joy.
Vladimir Nabokov|The cradle rocks above an abyss, and common sense tells us that our existence is but a brief crack of light between two eternities of darkness.
Lauren Oliver, Requiem|The "Fatal Female Flaw." It's when ordinarily sensible women fall madly in love with an unattainable man who can't or won't love them back. I also call it the Triple Fucked Factor.Rosslyn
Catherine Carrigan, What Is Healing? Awaken Your Intuitive Power for Health and Happiness|Kalmar nodded. "I'm sorry, Papa. I wasn't strong enough.""None of us are, lad. Me least of all." Esben smiled and took a rattling breath. "But it's weakness that the Maker turns to strength. Your fur is why you alone loved a dying cloven. You alone in all the world knew my need and ministered to my wounds." Esben pulled Kalmar closer and kissed him on the head. "And in my weakness, I alone know your need. Hear me, son. I loved you when you were born. I loved you when I wept in the Deeps of Throg. I loved you even as you sang the song that broke you. And I love you now in the glory of your humility. You're more fit to be the king than I ever was. Do you understand?"Kalmar shook his head.Esben smiled and shuddered with pain. "A good answer, my boy. Then do you believe that I love you?""Yes, sir. I believe you." Kalmar buried his face in his father's fur."Remember that in the days to come. Nia, Janner, Leeli - help him to remember.
E. Jamie, The Betrayal|Alex cornered her right before she was going to make an appointment at the nurse’s station to see him. “Bree, I’m going to be referring you to Carlo from now on,” Alex informed her. “I think in light of recent events it would be a conflict of interest for me to continue to be your doctor.” “Is that right?” Bree asked leaning her elbow on the counter and raising an eyebrow. “Yes, I wouldn’t feel comfortable about it considering what you did to Carrie.” “Aw, that’s nice,” Bree smiled sarcastically, staring up at his smug self-righteous face. “Nice to know this place has such moral upstanding doctors.” “Yes, so I will be referring you to him from now on,” Alex said, clenching his jaw. “Great,” Bree said, fighting not to roll her eyes. “Have a good afternoon,” he said curtly and turned to walk away. Don’t do it. Don’t do it, Bree. The evil Bree won though. “You too, Dr. Home Wrecker.” Alex’s step faltered but he didn’t turn around.
Hannah Arendt, The Origins of Totalitarianism|What we call isolation in the political sphere, is called loneliness in the sphere of social intercourse.Isolation and loneliness are not the same"...."While isolation concerns only the political realm of life, loneliness concerns life as a whole. Totalitarian government, like all tyrannies, certainly could not exist without destroying the public realm of life, that is, without destroying, by isolating men, their political capacities.But totalitarian domination as a form of government is not content with this isolation and destroys private life as well. it bases its self on loneliness, on the experience of not belonging to the world at all, which is the most radical and desperate experiences of man
William Kennett, Little Book of Destiny|Layout your options, create a beautiful masterpiece of yours.
Pax Prentiss, The Alcoholism and Addiction Cure|It takes a strong person to stand up to his or her fate and overcome the obstacles that stand in the way of freedom and success, but I believe in you.
C. JoyBell C.|No one can successfully tell me that material things cannot bring happiness. For as the spirit is medicine to the bones; so is the happiness of the bones a medicine to the spirit. Without a soul, the body is dust; but without a body, the soul cannot fulfil destiny. Neither one is more important than the other; both are equally important. One will last longer than the other, yes, but while we are on this Earth, both are equally important. Surely money itself cannot make one happy; but it is what one does with money that makes one happy! If you do not know what to do with it, then it will not bring you happiness! But if you know what to do with it; there is no reason why it cannot bring you happiness. People think I am a very spiritual person; yes, this is true; but I have not achieved it through denial of the flesh. I have a new vision. I take pleasure in the pleasures of this world and I seek fulfilment in the answers of the spirit. I find happiness in the material and the physical things of this nature and I find joy in the connections I have with what is divine. Do I imagine myself on top of a mountain, detached from all the things I want to buy and to own? Never. My spirituality is not one of negative righteousness; my spirituality is one of the rose. It is whole and it is above as it is below.
Lisa Seger|A myth is a story that is "more than true." Many stories are true because one person, somewhere, at some time, lived it. It is based on fact. But a myth is more than true because it is lived by all of us, at some level. It's a story that connects and speaks to us all.
Tony Warrick|God has the Power to make it happen. You have the Authority to make it happen. So stop complaining, get up, & manifest your destiny.
Katerina Kostaki, Cosmic Light|The Poetry of LoveWe see the world with the eyes of a small child.We visualize the beauty of the world with an unique magic sense,and unfold our deeper feelings and expectations diffusing the seizing negative forces that stretch out their threatening tentacles.We give blow and shape in our dreams.We seek for Love through unfamiliar new people and new experiences. Love is a vivid spirit, a big breath that touches upon each piece of our existence, our each cell…Love affiliates a lot of forms, exists and fits everywhere.Each flight of a small bird, the flutter of an incredible beauty butterfly, the stones wetted by waters of Aquamarine River, the branches of the trees that dally with the blow of wind, all these is the Spirit of Love.When you love in a genuine way, love everything.You are not bothered by the babble of Nature and the strange reactions of people.You hear the sounds of everyday routine with bigger consequence. Overtakes the meanness consequently and with courage.You seek truth in small things.You live the each moment as if it's unique.Love for nature.Love for life.Love for people.
Sara  Humphreys, Trouble Walks In|Someone could drag me to hell, and I’d crawl back to you, Maya, for a chance to make right everything that was ever wrong between us.
J. Christopher Herold, The Age of Napoleon|I've said it before, history repeats itself for those who don't learn from the past. Can we please learn from all this? Please? Or is everyone waiting for yet another savior to come along and charm them Hollywood style if freedom is still around for America's next election?
Anna Howard Shaw|The big divide in this country is not between Democrats and Republicans, or women and men, but between talkers and doers.
Herman Melville|And the drawing near of Death, which alike levels all, alike impresses all with a last revelation, which only an author from the dead could adequately tell.
Jorge Luis Borges|When you have mountains in the distance or even hills, you have space.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|The odds may be stacked against you. But I believe when you tap into your unique gifts and abilities, while combining them with a sense of purpose, passion, and perseverance you will not only defy those odds, you will help create a better life for yourself and rest of us.
Alexander Kjerulf, Happy Hour is 9 to 5|Seriously: Do you want to spend your working life simply being satisfied? When you look back on 50 years spent in business, do you want to be able to say, “Well, I was satisfied"?? No! Make happiness your goal. As in, “Let’s make this a workplace where people are happy to work." As in, “I’ve been working for 50 years now, and it absolutely rocks! To me work is challenging, stimulating and just plain fun. 
Norman Rockwell|Life's most beautiful and inspiring moments occur at 3am, just prowling, looking for nothing but always finding something.
James Murdoch|I am oblique; I think that has to do with my own nature. I like trying to do things which work on many levels, because I think it is terribly important to give an audience a lot of things they might not get as well as those they will, so that finally the film does take on a texture and is not just simplistic communication.
J. Scott Featherstone, Hallelujah - The Story of the Coming Forth of Handel's Messiah|Be equal to your talent, not your age. At times let the gap between them be embarrassing.
John Muir|Our Declaration of Independence was held sacred by all and thought to include all; but now, to aid in making the bondage of the Negro universal and eternal, it is assailed, sneered at, construed, hawked at, and torn, till, if its framers could rise from their graves, they could not at all recognize it.
Haruki Murakami, The Ice Man|Dreams are things from the past. They aren't from the future. That wasn't you imprisoned there. You imprison your dreams. You understand?Yeah, I'd say. But I wasn't convinced.
Daniel Hannan|Man has made use of his intelligence, he invented stupidity.
Ellen Bass, The Courage to Heal: A Guide for Women Survivors of Child Sexual Abuse|What most people call spontaneous recall usually involves memories that have been denied, not repressed. The survivor has always been aware that the sexual abuse happened, but he or she has studiously avoided thinking about it. A catalyst sets the memory process in motion, but the essential factor in the memory surfacing is the readiness of the survivor to deal with the reality of abuse.
William Deresiewicz, Excellent Sheep: The Miseducation of the American Elite and the Way to a Meaningful Life|Depression means self-loathing, self-disgust, and the kind of emotional numbness that feels like psychic death.
Savannah Stuart, To Catch His Mate|He's not my alpha.""Oh, he's most definitely yours," Charlie said. "He's been watching you for the last twenty minutes as if he could do very, very wicked things to you.
Lewis Thomas, The Lives of a Cell: Notes of a Biology Watcher|Perhaps it is in this respect that language differs most sharply from other biologic systems for communication. Ambiguity seems to be an essential, indispensable element for the transfer of information from one place to another by words, where matters of real importance are concerned. It is often necessary, for meaning to come through, that there be an almost vague sense of strangeness and askewness. Speechless animals and cells cannot do this. The specifically locked-on antigen at the surface of a lymphocyte does not send the cell off in search of something totally different; when a bee is tracking sugar by polarized light, observing the sun as though consulting his watch, he does not veer away to discover an unimaginable marvel of a flower. Only the human mind is designed to work in this way, programmed to drift away in the presence of locked-on information, straying from each point in a hunt for a better, different point.If it were not for the capacity for ambiguity, for the sensing of strangeness, the words in all languages provide, we would have no way of recognizing the layers of counterpoint in meaning, and we might be spending all our time sitting on stone fences, staring into the sun. To be sure, we would always have had some everyday use to make of the alphabet, and we might have reached the same capacity for small talk, but it is unlikely that we would have been able to evolve from words to Bach. The great thing about human language is that it prevents us from sticking to the matter at hand.
C.S. Lewis, Perelandra|As for those who disbelieve, their deeds are like a mirage in a desert. The thirsty one thinks it to be water, until he comes up to it, he finds it to be nothing, but he finds Allah with him, Who will pay him his due (Hell). And Allah is Swift in taking account.
Lars Fr. H. Svendsen, A Philosophy of Boredom|But the boredom of Frau Spatz had by now reached that pitch where it distorts the countenance of man, makes the eyes protrude from the head, and lends the features a corpselike and terrifying aspect. More than that, this music acted on the nerves that controlled her digestion, producing in her dyspeptic organism such malaise that she was really afraid she would have an attack.
Melody Aurora|It's the end of the summer. It's the end of it all. Those days are gone, it's over now, we're moving on.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|When the price of coal falls because production has increased while demand has remained unaltered, then, for example, those retailers are involved who have taken supplies from the wholesale dealers at the old higher price but are now able to dispose of them only at the new and lower price. But this alone will not account for all the social changes brought about by the increase of production of coal. The increase in the supply of coal will have improved the economic position of the community.
Yvette Christiansë, Unconfessed|...I can't make exceptions for myself. If I can run, I will run. I don't have to feel good to do it.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|If it is Christian, it will be Bible-centered.
Heather  O'Brien, The Ties That Bind|There are only two things you’ll ever need to know about me, Farin—and you should know them well. I’m very smart, and I’m very rich.
J.L. Langley|...I got to chase my dream for a while, see what it's like, but this—" He stood and swept his arms wide. "This, and my family, is worth any price.
Seneca, Letters from a Stoic|All this hurrying from place to place won’t bring you any relief, for you’re traveling in the company of your own emotions, followed by your troubles all the way.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|That was a memorable day to me, for it made great changes in me. But it is the same with any life. Imagine one selected day struck out of it, and think how different its course would have been. Pause you who read this, and think for a moment of the long chain of iron or gold, of thorns or flowers, that would never have bound you, but for the formation of the first link on one memorable day.
Hans Urs von Balthasar|The flight away from self to God is not a "forgetting self" in the sense that man thereby loses himself. Rather, in the experience of the Spirit there is bestowed on man the deepest possible experience of himself: for the Holy Spirit is a Spirit of revelation which illuminate the human spirit, in which it is immanent, by telling man what he is.
Felicia Day|all we have is the story we tell. Everything we do, every decision we make, our strength, weakness, motivation, history, and character--what we believe--none of it is real; it's all part of the story we tell. But here's the thing: it's our goddamned story!
Allan Carr|With my talent, I can make people laugh and give them another attitude about life. What a blessing that is for me.
Kaza Kingsley, The Three Furies|If we live with possibilities we are exiles from the present which is given us by God to be our own, homeless and displaced in a future or a past which are not ours because they are always beyond our reach. The present is our right place, and we can lay hands on whatever it offers us.
Nathaniel J. Wyeth|I'm convinced that the best solutions are often the ones that are counterintuitive - that challenge conventional thinking - and end in breakthroughs. It is always easier to do things the same old way...why change? To fight this, keep your dissatisfaction index high and break with tradition. Don't be too quick to accept the way things are being done. Question whether there's a better way. Very often you will find that once you make this break from the usual way - and incidentally, this is probably the hardest thing to do—and start on a new track your horizon of new thoughts immediately broadens. New ideas flow in like water. Always keep your interests broad - don't let your mind be stunted by a limited view.
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Whisper|It's not catastrophes, murders, deaths, diseases, that age and kill us; it's the way people look and laugh, and run up the steps of omnibuses.
J.A. Saare, The Renfield Syndrome|If then we have angels, let us be sober, as though we were in the presence of tutors; for there is a demon present also.
Betty  Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|Because the child must have a valuable thing which is called imagination. The child must have a secret world in which live things that never were. It is necessary that she believe. She must start out believing in things not of this world. Then when the world becomes too ugly for living in, the child can reach back and live in her imagination.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Take it all in all, I do not believe anybody on Earth has it worse than an Emperor penguin.
Peter Sloterdijk, Du mußt dein Leben ändern|When you think about new-born babies being killed in our own lifetime,' he said, 'all the efforts of culture seem worthless. What have people learned from all our Goethes and Bachs? To kill babies?
Artemus Ward, The Complete Works of Artemus Ward|For people who like that kind of thing, this is the kind of thing they like.
Andrew Barrett, The Third Rule - The Complete Story|It had been more or less the same for Jilly. Except that she had her parents there to field any phone calls, to accept the flowers at the door and pick up the cards that dropped like tears through the letterbox. She sat before her dressing table mirror in bra and pants and let time drip away, watching a face she didn’t recognise and feeling raw emotions eat away at the drugs she was on. The emotions were gradually winning.
Wendy Mass, Jeremy Fink and the Meaning of Life|If your education, talent and capacity can do nothing; your body can do lots of things.
