Coretta Scott King|I would like to do another piece of fiction dealing with a number of issues: Lesbian parenting, the 1960's, and interracial relationships in the Lesbian and Gay community.
Maria Goodin, From the Kitchen of Half Truth|476. Children do not learn that books exist, that armchairs exist, etc.,etc. - they learn to fetch books, sit in armchairs, etc.,etc.Later, questions about the existence of things do of course arise, "Is there such a thing as a unicorn?" and so on. But such a question is possible only because as a rule no corresponding question presents itself. For how does one know how to set about satisfying oneself of the existence of unicorns? How did one learn the method for determining whether something exists or not?477. "So one must know that the objects whose names one teaches a child by an ostensive definition exist." - Why must one know they do? Isn't it enough that experience doesn't later show the opposite?For why should the language-game rest on some kind of knowledge?478. Does a child believe that milk exists? Or does it know that milk exists? Does a cat know that a mouse exists?479. Are we to say that the knowledge that there are physical objects comes very early or very late?
Geoff Ryman, The Child Garden|No true love is possible, Lewis demonstrates, until we abandon our claims, our rights, our grievances. Until then we will be trapped in the obscurity of our heart's mixed motives, our will to possess, to control, to be our own gods.
Indira Gandhi|In the very first month of Indian Opinion, I realized that the sole aim of journalism should be service. The newspaper press is a great power, but just as an unchained torrent of water submerges whole countrysides and devastates crops, even so an uncontrolled pen serves but to destroy. If the control is from without, it proves more poisonous than want of control. It can be profitable only when exercised from within. If this line of reasoning is correct, how many of the journals in the world would stand the test? But who would stop those that are useless? And who should be the judge? The useful and the useless must, like good and evil generally, go on together, and man must make his choice.
Alyson Richman, The Garden of Letters|I think he's looking for comfort, but I don't have any to give.
Redzel Romulo|When you love and already have someone,you should keep the promise you take!Because you don't know, how dangerous or weak can love do.-when you hurt someone's heart.You don't notice but suddenly you losing that person.
Anthony Powell|She scarcely spoke at all and might have been one of those huge dolls which, when inclined backwards, say "Ma-ma" or "Pa-pa": though impossible to imagine in any position so undignified as that required for the mechanism to produce these syllables.
Charles Darwin, The Autobiography of Charles Darwin, 1809–82|If I had my life to live over again, I would have made a rule to read some poetry and listen to some music at least once every week.
John Fante, Ask the Dust|So it happened at last: I was about to become a thief, a cheap milk-stealer. Here was your lash-in-the-pen genius, your one story-writer: a thief.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, The Sorrows of Young Werther|We often feel that we lack something, and seem to see that very quality in someone else, promptly attributing all our own qualities to him too, and a kind of ideal contentment as well. And so the happy mortal is a model of complete perfection--which we have ourselves created.
Felicia  Johnson, Her|Speak up and speak clearly. I want to hear what you have to say because it matters. Let's listen to each other and respect one another's opinions. Although, they may be different, wisdom allows us to be responsible for our own feelings and actions.
Justin Trudeau|One thing an exceptional employee never says is, 'That's not in my job description.' Exceptional employees work outside the boundaries of job descriptions.
Jack Finney|But it wasn't till he'd been there nearly two weeks that one morning Paris and its people suddenly became more than a background for his vacation. He was sitting in a café, out on the walk, having a tiny cup of Paris-tasting, Paris-smelling coffee, watching traffic stream by, pleased as always with the countless people on bikes expertly threading their way between and around the cars and buses and trucks. Then a traffic light changed, the stream stopped and waited, and a man on a bike, one foot on the pavement, lifted his arm and wiped his forehead with the back of his hand. And he turned real. In that instant he was no longer a quaint part of a charming background; he turned into a real man, tired from pumping that bike, and for the first time it occurred to my friend that there was a reason so many people picturesquely rode bikes through the heavy traffic, and the reason was to save bus fare and because they couldn't afford cars. After that, for the few days that were left to him there, my friend continued to enjoy Paris. But now it was no longer an immense travel poster but a real city, because now so were its people.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|When you have the right intention, the right opportunity will open the door.
Josh Bezoni|My prescription for better health is to let go of the six things that could be destroying it—anger, regret, blame, resentment, worry, and guilt.
C.C. Campbell, The Stolen Light of Women: A Quest for Spiritual Truth Beyond Religion|The mirror of life shows you woman or man,But in the heart of the Soul you are neither. This is why Love is blind.
Brian Lee|I want to say a little something that's long overdue, the disrespect to women has got to be through. To all the mothers and the sisters and the wives and friends, I wanna offer my love and respect till the end.
Michael Monroe, Afterlife|Money is a tool we use to reach certain ends. Nothing more, nothing less. It’s hard to come by, though, so when opportunities arise, we need to make the most of them.
Augustine of Hippo|O Holy Spirit, descend plentifully into my heart. Enlighten the dark corners of this neglected dwelling and scatter there Thy cheerful beams.
Mike Krzyzewski|The federal government has sponsored research that has produced a tomato that is perfect in every respect, except that you can't eat it. We should make every effort to make sure this disease, often referred to as 'progress', doesn't spread.
Abraham Lincoln|When I do good, I feel good. When I do bad, I feel bad. That's my religion.
Don Marquis|Thinking is a bit uncomfortable, but you'll get used to it. A matter of time and practice.
Raymond E. Feist, Magician: Apprentice|Some love comes like the wind off the sea, while others grow slowly from the seeds of friendship and kindness." - Carline
Steve Maraboli, Life, the Truth, and Being Free|Make the choice to embrace this day. Do not let your TODAY be stolen by the ghost of yesterday or the "To-Do" list of tomorrow! It’s inspiring to see all the wonderfully amazing things that can happen in a day in which you participate.
Stephen Vizinczey, In Praise of Older Women: The Amorous Recollections of András Vajda|I wonder, what kind of life would I have had if it hadn’t been for my mother’s tea-and-cookie parties? Perhaps it’s because of them that I’ve never thought of women as my enemies, as territories I have to conquer, but always as allies and friends - which I believe is the reason why they were friendly to me in turn. I’ve never met those she-devils you hear about: they must be too busy with those men who look upon women as a fortress they have to attack, lay waste and left in ruins.
D. Allen Miller, Scarlet Tears|In life, we must choose to quiet ourselves and go through a period of reflection, an instance in time for evaluating our strengths vs. our weaknesses, an interval in time for recognizing the real from deceit, a moment in time for making necessary life adjustments for personal welfare. It's through such, we begin to know ourselves.
Ane Krstevska|See life as an adventure. There is no security in being feeble. Be brave, be exciting. Be creative. Live’.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The Scarlet Letter|He was not ill-fitted to be the head and representative of a community which owed its origin and progress, and its present state of development, not to the impulses of youth, but to the stern and tempered energies of manhood and the sombre sagacity of age; accomplishing so much, precisely because it imagined and hoped so little.
Christine Pelosi|There is a fuzzy but real distinction that can and I believe should be made, between patriotism, which is attachment to a way of life, and nationalism, which is the insistence that your way of life deserves to rule over other ways of life.
Nikos Kazantzakis, Report to Greco|She was not willing to let others narrate her life and her death. While there is one person like her in this world, I will find myself defending both her right to struggle and our obligation to remember.
Leonard Bernstein|The point is, art never stopped a war and never got anybody a job. That was never its function. Art cannot change events. But it can change people. It can affect people so that they are changed... because people are changed by art – enriched, ennobled, encouraged – they then act in a way that may affect the course of events... by the way they vote, they behave, the way they think.
John Flanagan, The Emperor of Nihon-Ja|The best protection against rape, stalking, and domestic violence is to raise men who both understand that women are different, and would never dare take advantage of this difference.
Jeanette Winterson, Gut Symmetries|And you? Now that I have discovered you? Beautiful, dangerous, unleashed. Still I try to hold you, knowing that your body is faced with knives.
Mandy Hale, The Single Woman: Life, Love, and a Dash of Sass|To get over the past, you first have to accept that the past is over. No matter how many times you revisit it, analyze it, regret it, or sweat it…it’s over. It can hurt you no more.
Corey Dale-Gardener|Stories, whether they're good or bad, are expressions of interactions within society. Some may be seen as 'boring', but in their own right, they are still stories to explored. People throughout life have more exciting endeavours than others, and that can be the same for stories. It's just a matter of segregating comparisons between the senseless and the thoughtful. The norm and the unbiased. We are what we are. As are stories.
Subodh Gupta, 7 Food Habits for Weight Loss Forever|. . . .how and what we eat determines to a great extent the use we make of the world--and what is to become of it. To eat with a fuller consciousness of all that is at stake might sound like a burden, but in practice few things in life afford quite as much satisfaction.
Auliq-Ice|It is in the nature of the mind that the more we cultivate and familiarize ourselves with positive emotions, the more powerful they become.
Rachel Vincent, Alpha|Love is the foolishness of men, and the wisdom of God.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|This conception has influential part in Eckhart Tolle's teaching, where Ego is presented as an accumulation of thoughts and emotions, and only by de-identifying one’s consciousness from it can one truly be free from suffering (in the Buddhist meaning)
Jay S. Walker|A man at work, making something which he feels will exist because he is working at it and wills it, is exercising the energies of his mind and soul as well as of his body. Memory and imagination help him as he works.
James Rozoff|Never express your adverse thinking to any buddy, they will change your every opinion into pessimism.
Thomas Szasz|Thousands of years ago--in times we are fond of calling "primitive" (since this renders us "modern" without having to exert ourselves further to earn this qualification)...
Venkat Gandhi|Be humble and set the balls of your dreams rolling till God himself decides what next! As for "pride", allow it to go as a lone ranger!
Stacey Ballis, Wedding Girl|There is no place left for the buffalo to roam. There’s only corn, wheat, and soy. About the only animals that escaped the biotic cleansing of the agriculturalists are small animals like mice and rabbits, and billions of them are killed by the harvesting equipment every year. Unless you’re out there with a scythe, don’t forget to add them to the death toll of your vegetarian meal. They count, and they died for your dinner, along with all the animals that have dwindled past the point of genetic feasibility.
Innasafa|People who knew themselves, got the right answer.
Sarra Manning, Adorkable|He didn't say anything and I thought I'd shocked him, because I tend to do that. Not just with Michael but with pretty much anyone who can't deal with being honest and admitting that you have wants and needs and desires and all those other fun things.
Ashley Jeffery|If the creek predates the city deep in time, then is it right to identify the creek solely with the city? The city has forgotten the creek, as it's forgotten those who walk its side, but the creek didn't need to be known all that long time before the city ever was. Maybe now Hogan's Creek is too steeped in history to claim an independence grounded in prehistory, because the city has too deeply poisoned it for far too long. Then again, there was all that time the creek flowed and had no name. Without a name you belong solely to yourself.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A flower does not fulfill its destiny until it blooms, and a star does not fulfill its destiny until it shines.
CLAMP, ツバサ-RESERVoir CHRoNiCLE- 22|Fai: *punches Kurogane* That was payback, Kuro-sama!Kurogane: *grins* You're gonna get punched out, you creep!
Thaiia Senquetta, Honey peppered tongue|You must have thought more times than you realized "it will hurt".You should know it may. Okay. It may hurt immensely to open you up in your safe, dark space, sporadic light and chaotic air hitting you unlike anything you have known. Sometimes it will feel impossible to swallow. Because finding your way back to you involves telling the truth about oneself while pushing through a field of trees that are all whispering different tones of you.
Tullian Tchividjian|We are not to reflect on the wickedness of men but to look to the image of God in them, an image which, covering and obliterating their faults, an image which, by its beauty and dignity, should allure us to love and embrace them.
Sam Keen, Fire in the Belly: On Being a Man|The question that surrounds lovemaking is, "Did you cum?" and the unasked question beneath that is, "Am I all right?
Sunday Adelaja|I'm asking God to give you a Popeye moment. A moment when God blesses you with a divine burden: something that bothers you so deeply, you're moved from complacency to action.
Sophie Dash, To Wed a Rebel|Isaac dared not move and she did not stir either, both staring up at the canopy above. If he reached over, if he –no, no. It was better to keep a small shield between them, to preserve the little progress they had made in their standoffish, untested relationship, two strangers forced together under impossible circumstances. The last thing he needed was to push her away, to frighten her, to be the brute she’d taken him for. It had been three weeks since they’d been in this very same position and so much had changed and yet so little. A ridiculous, naïve hope drifted into his head before he found sleep: perhaps one day, a long time from now, they would be friends. He would settle for that, if he could have nothing more. Even though he wanted everything.
Vicky Dreiling, How to Marry a Duke|You are my one and only, for all eternity.
David Chang|When you look at the calculation, it's amazing that every time you try to prove or disprove time travel, you've pushed Einstein's theory to the very limits where quantum effects must dominate. That's telling us that you really need a theory of everything to resolve this question. And the only candidate is string theory.
John Milton, L'Allegro, Il Penseroso, Comus, and Lycidas|And looks commercing with the skies,Thy rapt soul sitting in thine eyes.
Aerin Lauder|We all have our preferences - some people go for birds - but for me, there's just something about the wolf; the design of it is really aesthetically pleasing.
Anthony Trollope, Orley Farm|You are quite wrong about him," Felix had said. "He has not been atan English school, or English university, and therefore is not like other young men that you know; but he is, I think, well educated and clever. As for conceit, what man will do any good who is notconceited? Nobody holds a good opinion of a man who has a low opinionof himself.""All the same, my dear fellow, I do not like Lucius Mason.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Being prepared not only reduces our stress level and keeps us from looking stupid, but it builds the confidence that other people have in us that we are dependable, reliable and can be counted upon.
Gyula Illyés, Once Upon a Time: Forty Hungarian Folk-Tales|You may glory in a team triumphant, but you fall in love with a team in defeat. Losing after great striving is the story of man, who was born to sorrow, whose sweetest songs tell of saddest thought, and who, if he is a hero, does nothing in life as becomingly as leaving it.
Philip Pullman, The Broken Bridge|One way to think of this dignity is to equate when you are on the path with unraveling a ball of yarn. You have wound your sense of self so tightly that it's hard to be anything other than you, a big ball of yarn. That's just who you are, not string, or threads, but a ball of yarn.
Kumar|One can never ever forget the one who they loved in their past and that to their First Love!!'Whenever and whomever it was, your experience with your first love is etched into your memory forever..
Francisco X. Stork, Marcelo in the Real World|If I told you that God speaks to us through our urges so long as these are safe and proper and totally civilized and don't hurt anyone, what would I be saying? If I told you longing is okay as long as it is within the bounds of what our world considers normal, I would be going counter to my whole tradition. My people discovered divine urges, for goodness' sake. Not namby-pamby urges either. It was loincloth-tearing, harlot-marrying, sacrificing, succumbing, and surrendering kinds of urges. Not without bickering and haggling, I'll grant you, but ultimately urges of the worst kind, the kind that demanded everything.
Kenya Wright, Bad for You 3|They are forever looking into the nooks and crannies of a thing, whatever the thing may be. Always up very early or very late, going for rides on the backs of whales who deliver the mail; waking up covered in a secret language of hums; writing about the hobbies of feathers; changing shape like a cloud; howling at the moon; being a radioactive night-light in the dark; being a life raft on an ocean of alphabet soup; being great-hearted; being selfless; believing in tall tales, doodlebugs, and doohickeys. Believing. Believing in themselves. Believing in you.
James Lankford|Faith and doubt cannot exist in the same mind at the same time, for one will dispel the other.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Americanah|When you want to join a prestigious social club, do you wonder if your race will make it difficult to join? If you do well in a situation, do you expect to be called a credit to your race? Or to be described as different from the majority of your race? If you need legal or medical help, do you worry that your race might work against you? If you take a job with an affirmative action employer, do you worry that your co-workers will think that you are unqualified and were hired only because of your race? Do you worry that your children will not have books and school materials that are about people of their own race?
Roman Payne|I ran across an excerpt today (in English translation) of some dialogue/narration from the modern popular writer, Paulo Coelho in his book: Aleph.(Note: bracketed text is mine.)... 'I spoke to three scholars,' [the character says 'at last.'] ...two of them said that, after death, the [sic (misprint, fault of the publisher)] just go to Paradise. The third one, though, told me to consult some verses from the Koran. [end quote]' ...I can see that he's excited. [narrator]' ...Now I have many positive things to say about Coelho: He is respectable, inspiring as a man, a truth-seeker, and an appealing writer; but one should hesitate to call him a 'literary' writer based on this quote. A 'literary' author knows that a character's excitement should be 'shown' in his or her dialogue and not in the narrator's commentary on it. Advice for Coelho: Remove the 'I can see that he's excited' sentence and show his excitement in the phrasing of his quote.(Now, in defense of Coelho, I am firmly of the opinion, having myself written plenty of prose that is flawed, that a novelist should be forgiven for slipping here and there.)Lastly, it appears that a belief in reincarnation is of great interest to Mr. Coelho ... Just think! He is a man who has achieved, (as Leonard Cohen would call it), 'a remote human possibility.' He has won lots of fame and tons of money. And yet, how his preoccupation with reincarnation—none other than an interest in being born again as somebody else—suggests that he is not happy!
Sarah Waters, Affinity|One time, two years ago, I took a draught of morphia, meaning to end my life. My mother found me before the life was ended, the doctor drew the poison from my stomach with a syringe, and when I woke, it was to the sound of my own weeping. For I had hoped to open my eyes on Heaven, where my father was; and they had only pulled me back to Hell.
Annie Jump Cannon|The way of the Creative works through change and transformation, so that each thing receives its true nature and destiny and comes into permanent accord with the Great Harmony: this is what furthers and what perseveres.
Maisie A. Smikle|Infinitely, eternal is God's loveUnchanging, immovable and all consuming is His loveGod's love is food for your hungerStrength for the weak and Healing waters for your thirstGod's love is deeper than the oceanWider than the sea Taller than the highest mountainHis love knows no boundariesAnd has no limitsGod's love surpasses all Understanding and imagination And is free to all, who will believe
Homer|The paradox is really the pathos of intellectual life and just as only great souls are exposed to passions it is only the great thinker who is exposed to what I call paradoxes, which are nothing else than grandiose thoughts in embryo.
Ray Bradbury, The Martian Chronicles|Maybe they seeded life on Earth millions of years ago, and now they're here to punish us for turning out to be such a lame species and inventing reality TV and shit?
Jenny Eclair|When I started editing on my home computer, I said to myself, 'Well, I could be at home studying for a class or I could be at home editing a video.'
Eden Ashe, Ever Mine|Sex is still on the table. We just keep the yucky love stuff out of it."..."Now where is this table you speak of to have sex on? You should take me there. Now.
Joshua Foer|The importance of cultivating assumption of the best intentions in others cannot be over-estimated. Fostering this principal of, "goodness of intent,” and committing to seeing others and the world through this lens makes for a successful, happy field of vision. This enables us to put our focus and energy to positive, productive outcomes. It lends to a spirit of cooperation and encouragement which is highly effective and satisfying for most people most of the time. That being said, these "rose colored glasses," as vibrant and pleasing as they are, must not become an excuse to look the other way when something needs a different focus, or fixed. We must not let them become blinders which are obviously ineffective, often negative, and occasionally dangerous.
Rizky Adam Rifai|Three, two, one, and f*ck it!
Melanie Kay Taylor|For me, it's always a little sad getting out of bed. Every morning after I get up, I always gaze longingly at my bed and lament, 'You were wonderful last night. I didn't want it to end. I can't wait to see you again.
Libba Bray|Great. Darcy is the ruler of our school. Prety soon, Julius is going to be like Singapore - you'll get a $500 fine for chewing gum or making out in the hallways.
Henry Ward Beecher|I'm definitely aware that the physical appearance is a very temporary gift. I'm very thankful for the opportunities that I've been able to experience, but I keep it all in check and don't let it consume me.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|So you want to improve the world? Then do it. To the next person who crosses your path, say something kind, do something generous, perform a simple act of service. By doing this on a regular basis, you will indeed improve the world.
Petrarch|Love yourself, whatever makes you different, and use it to make you stand out. Mine is my voice and the fact that I'm gay: well, the fact that I'm flamboyantly gay.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|What does repentance mean? It means to change—to change your mind, change the way that you’re living—and to determine that with God’s help you will live for Christ.
Ed Asner|The treasure shouldn't do the hunting, and you're a treasure.
Bob Dylan, Chronicles, Vol. 1|There's only one day at a time here, then it's tonight and then tomorrow will be today again.
Daniel Prokop, Leaving Neverland: Why Little Boys Shouldn't Run Big Corporations|Scott: I don't think I'm ready to be a grown-up.Kim: I don't think you are either, buddy. But hey, you'll get it. It just takes practice.
Eric Roth|For what it’s worth: it’s never too late to be whoever you want to be. I hope you live a life you’re proud of, and if you find that you’re not, I hope you have the strength to start all over again.
Stephen Covey|Very few people have ever experienced the feeling of being completely understood. When they experience it, it can become one of the richest feelings they have ever had.
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|I have been thinking about existence lately. In fact, I have been so full of admiration for existence that I have hardly been able to enjoy it properly . . . I feel sometimes as if I were a child who opens its eyes on the world once and sees amazing things it will never know any names for and then has to close its eyes again. I know this is all mere apparition compared to what awaits us, but it is only lovelier for that. There is a human beauty in it. And I can’t believe that, when we have all been changed and put on incorruptibility, we will forget our fantastic condition of mortality and impermanence, the great bright dream of procreating and perishing that meant the whole world to us. In eternity this world will be Troy, I believe, and all that has passed here will be the epic of the universe, the ballad they sing in the streets. Because I don’t imagine any reality putting this one in the shade entirely, and I think piety forbids me to try.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|Love your kids and just be there for them. You don't have to eyeball their every moment or to orchestrate all their comings and goings. They know this. They know that's too much. All they want is to be assured that there's a home fire cooking, that there are two foremen and a rulebook, and that there's someone to tuck them in at night.
Luis Barragan|Pleasure is a shadow, wealth is vanity, and power a pageant; but knowledge is ecstatic in enjoyment, perennial in frame, unlimited in space and indefinite in duration.
Robin Hobb, Fool's Errand|He found he was a man who repented almost everything, regrets crowding in around him like moths to a light. This was actually the main difference between twenty-one and fifty-one, he decided, the sheer volume of regret.
Barack Obama|To the Muslim world, we seek a new way forward, based on mutual interest and mutual respect. To those leaders around the globe who seek to sow conflict, or blame their society's ills on the West - know that your people will judge you on what you can build, not what you destroy. To those who cling to power through corruption and deceit and the silencing of dissent, know that you are on the wrong side of history; but that we will extend a hand if you are willing to unclench your fist.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|Thoughts frame your portrait, action paints it.
John Paul Warren|When you SEE into the invisible, you will DARE to do the impossible!
Hannah Harrington, Saving June|Maybe Laney's right. Maybe June did love me. But I'm far less certain that she knew I loved her. Did she realise how much I needed her around? It's not like I ever told her. I was too wrapped up in my own world to notice what was going on in hers. Even if she did know, it wasn't enough to count. It wasn't enough to make her stay. So really, what did it matter, in the end? wasn't enough. There's no excuse. There is nothing that will ever make that okay.
Steven Magee|With his mad eyes that cannot seem to look at everything they want to all at once, with the dagger poised in his palm- like sharp teeth or black eyes, he is transforming into something both terrifying and exciting, mysterious and sexy. I reach forward on the sand towards them as though to touch him, my magical boy.
Tennessee Williams, American Fantastic Tales: Terror and the Uncanny from the 1940's Until Now|Don't try to rush things: for the cup to run over, it must first be filled.
Lazaro Hernandez|He says black, I say white and we do grey
Friedrich Nietzsche|Almost everything we call "higher culture" is based on the spiritualization of cruelty.
Peter Singer, Practical Ethics|If evangelism is really going to be a value that your church embraces, the church will have to embrace the changes that will take place when evangelism is activated in the church.
Carl Sandburg, Poetry for Young People: Carl Sandburg|Something grey surged out of the ship’s wake, and Mouana reached for her pistol, then swore softly as she saw it was only a porpoise. The animals were playing in the engine wash, spinning in the air as they arced through the crashing foam. They were not albino, nor rotten, nor tentacled—just porpoises. The sight of the things brought hope back again; whatever mess they were in, at least they weren’t in Ocean.
Jacqueline Simon Gunn|Looking back, retrospectively on the events of that evening, I can see the irony — the shrink whose cat ate his own tail. At the time of the incident, however, humor was not in my emotional repertoire; it was the furthest thing from my mind.
Kristen McKee, Nursery Rhymes for the Unconditional and Unschooled|If you can't get what you want from life, see if you're withholding something from someone else, because you won’t get what you want unless you start giving away what you have to those that need it. Selfishness is incompatible with abundance and going to Church won’t help you escape this Divine law.
George Orwell|The whole idea of revenge and punishment is a childish day-dream. Properly speaking, there is no such thing as revenge. Revenge is an act which you want to commit when you are powerless and because you are powerless: as soon as the sense of impotence is removed, the desire evaporates also.
Amy Carmichael|You can give without loving, but you cannot love without giving.
Ronnie McBrayer, Leaving Religion, Following Jesus|Being a “friend of sinners” is an accusation that Christians should wear as a badge of honor, for nothing could honor Jesus more, and nothing is more revealing of who God actually is.
Robert Dykstra, She Never Said Good-Bye|I harbor ill feelings toward a society, and a clergy, that allows marriage partners to split over the smallest incompatibility, where divorce comes in a multitude of flavors, like Baskin Robbins ice cream, where men and women can blame one another and everything except themselves for matrimony's mess. They look for externals over which they have no control and, fingering them, take no responsibility.
Rupert Crawshay-Williams, The Comforts of Unreason: A Study of the Motives Behind Irrational Thought|The desire to understand is almost synonymous with the desire to simplify, and it is closely bound up with the desire for certainty - for assurance. But, when we find we have over-simplified, this does not necessarily imply that our conclusions are wrong. It implies merely that they are less right than we thought, or that we have exaggerated their comprehensiveness.
Caitlin Doughty|If you really want to receive joy and happiness, then serve others with all your heart. Lift their burden, and your own burden will be lighter.
Vincent Scully|And it was to this city, whenever I went home, that I always knew I must return, for it was mistress of one's wildest hopes, protector of one's deepest privacies. It was half insane with its noise, violence, and decay, but it gave one the tender security of fulfillment. On winter afternoons, from my office, there were sunsets across Manhattan when the smog itself shimmered and glowed… Despite its difficulties, which become more obvious all the time, one was constantly put to the test by this city, which finally came down to its people; no other place in America had quite such people and they would not allow you to go stale; in the end they were its triumph and its reward.
Terry Goodkind, Debt of Bones|What were they thinking?' we ask about our ancestors, but we know that, a century hence, our descendents will ask the same thing about us. Who knows what will strike them as strangest? The United States incarcerates 1 percent of its population and subjects many thousands of inmates to years of solitary confinement. In Saudi Arabia, women are forbidden to drive. There are countries today in which homosexuality is punishable by life in prison or by death. Then there's the sequestered reality of factory farming, in which hundreds of millions of mammals, and billions of birds, live a squalid brief existence. Or the toleration of extreme poverty, inside and outside the developed world. One day, people will find themselves thinking not just that an old practice was wrong and a new one right but that there was something shameful in the old ways. In the course of the transition, many will change what they do because they are shamed out of an old way of doing things. So it is perhaps not too much to hope that if we can find the proper place for honor now, we can make the world better.
Ronald Rosbottom|The French political class has been relentlessly myopic, if not completely blind, about the concerns of those who work and mine and farm. .... To cite Eugene Weber, "One thing that we learn from history is that people seldom learn from history.
Robertson Davies|Q: What do you think is magical about fiction?DFW: ... The first line of attack for that question is that there is this existential loneliness in the real world. I don't know what you're thinking or what it's like inside you and you don't know what it's like inside me. In fiction I think we can leap over that wall itself in a certain way... There's another level... A really great piece of fiction for me may or may not take me away and make me forget that I'm sitting in a chair. There's real commercial stuff can do that, and a riveting plot can do that, but it doesn't make me feel less lonely... There's a kind of Ah-ha! Somebody at least for a moment feels about something or sees something the way that I do. It doesn't happen all the time. It's these brief flashes or flames, but I get that sometimes. I feel unalone--intellectually, emotionally, spiritually. I feel human and unalone and that I'm in a deep, significant conversation with another consciousness in fiction and poetry in a way that I don't with other art.
W.N.P. Barbellion, The Journal of a Disappointed Man|When the sun grew too hot we went into the wood where waves of Bluebells dashed around the foot of the Oak in front of us... I never knew before, the delight of offering oneself up; I even longed for some self sacrifice, to have to give up something for her sake. It intoxicated me to think I was making another happy...
Elizabeth Hoyt, To Beguile a Beast|Our identity has already been chosen for us; but it is up to us to accept it, or fight and change it.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|Before we complicated life with money, machines and missiles we did well with morals, manpower and meetings.
Hlovate, Contengan Jalanan|Everybody know death is inevitably coming, but it never fails to catch everybody by surprise everytime one is going
Alcee Hastings|To the living we owe respect, but to the dead we owe only the truth.
Carrie Hope Fletcher, On the Other Side|When your world gets stripped down to nothing you may feel empty and naked—but this is when your space can be filled with what is new and maybe even upgraded." Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana
Ellen DeGeneres|I know that you cannot live on hope alone, but without it, life is not worth living. And you...And you...And you...Gotta give em hope.
Suzanne Somers|What we want is to see the child in pursuit of knowledge, and not knowledge in pursuit of the child.
J.C. Joranco, Say It Ain't So|That's what scares me the most, Paul. That I'll just pass through life and all the people I know will just disappear, without a trace, without me ever telling them how much they mean to me, no matter how small the time spent was or how great the friendship was. That they'll be gone and they'll forget me and I'll end up with nothing."I saw in my head Charley laughing, Charley sticking his head out the window and screaming, Charley playing a video game so intensely he was a foot from the screen. Moments flashed before my eyes in a quick, unrelenting sequence. I shook my head. "I know. Believe me, I know.
Slavoj Žižek, The Year of Dreaming Dangerously|What if freedom were the ability to make up our minds about what it was we wished to pursue, with whom we wished to pursue it, and what sort of commitments we wish to make to them in the process? Equality, then, would simply be a matter of guaranteeing equal access to those resources needed in the pursuit of an endless variety of forms of value. Democracy in that case would simply be our capacity to come together as reasonable human beings and work out the resulting common problems—since problems there will always be—a capacity that can only truly be realized once the bureaucracies of coercion that hold existing structures of power together collapse or fade away.
Veronica Roth, Allegiant|That intimacy is nice, too - knowing that you know so much about someone.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you persist, you will prevail.
Ruthi Postow Birch, How to Build a Piano Bench|You're going to meet people in this world who are fine, quality people. They'll build your character, and you want to hang around with them. Then there are the ones who don't do right. They will tear you down. Be nice to them-never hurt anybody-but don't hang with them.
Joel Barlow|From my earliest works written in the 1950s and 1960s, I have claimed that there is such a thing as Islamic science with a twelve-hundred-year tradition of its own and that this science is Islamic not only because it was cultivated by Muslims, but because it is based on a worldview and a cosmology rooted in the Islamic revelation.
Dinah Sanders, Discardia|Personally, I’m choosing to dwell upon the glory of the kingdom of which I am a part, even though I’m still a witness and sometimes a victim of the junk in ‘this’ world.
Darrell Calkins|What is it that we do here? By easing away from the mania that pulls on us, recalling and reconnecting with our essential spirit and callings, we regenerate our core inspiration and faith in Life and our place within it…with a purposeful eye toward facilitating evolution toward ‘More capable human beings,’ meaning grander, freer, more authentic and meaningfully effective.How do we do that? By delving into pockets of rituals that have, across traditions and cultures, produced superior forms of insight and understanding, healing, evolution and resolution. One could call these tunnels into beauty, truth and love. And we can find access to them in any given day of our lives.
Dylan McDermott|It kind of sounds pretentious, but a film I find deeply romantic is 'Buffalo '66,' which is a film by Vincent Gallo. It's about how you break down all those barriers and expose yourself and open yourself up to ultimately being hurt.
Galatians 5:22-23|But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness, gentleness, self-control; against such things there is no law.
Dalai Lama|There's nothing like the peace of the countryside, the quiet and the lack of distraction. It helps you to focus your mind.
Nick Sagan|Watching cold fusion is like watching water boil in slow motion. First, sufficient deuterium has to penetrate the palladium electrode. This can take a few weeks. Then, if excess heat is generated during the next month or two, accurate temperature readings require extreme precautions to exclude environmental effects.
Stephen King, The Green Mile|If you haven't seen your wife smile at a traffic cop, you haven't seen her smile her prettiest.
Mike Tyson|But if there's an erosion at home, you know, Thomas Jefferson warned about a tyranny of an oligarchy and if we surrender our democracy to the tyranny of an oligarchy, we've made a terrible mistake.
Louis L'Amour, Education of a Wandering Man|You shouldn't call then anything. They're poor unfortunate people who cannot help the way they look,
Leo Buscaglia|Self-reflection is so healthy. Journaling works for me - when I record the details of what I'm going through, whether it's a relationship issue or negative thoughts, I can look back and see how far I've come. It makes me proud to see my progress and how I got through a bad situation.
Ken Follett, The Pillars of the Earth|It is in reference to Pope Julius that Machiavelli moralizes on the resemblance between Fortune and women, and concludes that it is the bold rather than the cautious man that will win and hold them both.
Åsne Seierstad|There is something in human pride that can stand big troubles, but we need the supernatural grace and power of God to stand by us in the little things. The tiniest detail in which we obey has all the omnipotent power of the grace of God behind it. When we do our duty, not for duty’s sake, but because we believe that God is engineering our circumstances in that way, then at the very point of our obedience the whole superb grace of God is ours.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone|There are some things you can't share without ending up liking each other, and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them.
Glenn Haybittle, The Way Back to Florence|Unless the inquiry has been so exhaustive as to explore every possibility, the lack of evidence should never be used to ground a statement of fact. Unlikelihood certainly, but no more. A prematurely assumed fact blocks further inquiry.
نزار قباني|If you ever start taking things too seriously, just remember that we are talking monkeys on an organic spaceship flying through the universe.
Austin Dragon, Thy Kingdom Fall|On January 24th, Apple computers will introduce Macintosh. And you’ll see why 1984 won’t be like 1984.” – Old Hollywood film director Sir Ridley Scott’s classic “1984” Apple Macintosh commercial, first aired 15 Dec. 1983, Top Ten Commercials of All Time, 2050 edition“Well, it all did lead to 1984.” – Goli, the tek-lord, 2089
Hélder Câmara, Dom Helder Camara: Essential Writings|When I give food to the poor, they call me a saint. When I ask why the poor have no food, they call me a communist.
Pascal Mercier, Night Train to Lisbon|You don’t know anyone at the party, so you don’t want to go. You don’t like cottage cheese, so you haven’t eaten it in years. This is your choice, of course, but don’t kid yourself: it’s also the flinch. Your personality is not set in stone. You may think a morning coffee is the most enjoyable thing in the world, but it’s really just a habit. Thirty days without it, and you would be fine. You think you have a soul mate, but in fact you could have had any number of spouses. You would have evolved differently, but been just as happy.You can change what you want about yourself at any time. You see yourself as someone who can’t write or play an instrument, who gives in to temptation or makes bad decisions, but that’s really not you. It’s not ingrained. It’s not your personality. Your personality is something else, something deeper than just preferences, and these details on the surface, you can change anytime you like.If it is useful to do so, you must abandon your identity and start again. Sometimes, it’s the only way.Set fire to your old self. It’s not needed here. It’s too busy shopping, gossiping about others, and watching days go by and asking why you haven’t gotten as far as you’d like. This old self will die and be forgotten by all but family, and replaced by someone who makes a difference.Your new self is not like that. Your new self is the Great Chicago Fire—overwhelming, overpowering, and destroying everything that isn’t necessary.
Chris Kyle, American Sniper: The Autobiography of the Most Lethal Sniper in U.S. Military History|Our country is the only one that truly permits you to speak bad of your country, so you really shouldn’t say anything bad about it.
Maisie Williams|My name is not big enough for people to go, 'Let me throw money at you because you're so famous!'
Maryse Holder, Give Sorrow Words: Maryse Holder's Letters From Mexico|The ancient tradition that the world will be consumed in fire at the end of six thousand years is true, as I have heard from Hell.For the cherub with his flaming sword is hereby commanded to leave his guard at tree of life, and when he does, the whole creation will be consumed, and appear infinite, and holy whereas it now appears finite & corrupt.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Laziness has made our cities unclean. If we begin to work and act appropriately, we will clean our cities of any dirt.
GE Paulus|Vanity dies hard, in some obstinate cases it outlives the man.
Elizabeth George|I don’t know449that much about the Bible, other than it waswritten thousands of years ago, which dilutesits relevance. However, I know its faithfulfollowers tend to cherry-pick verses to suittheir needs, the same way they cherry-pickwords or scenes from other books to labelobscene.
Felix Dennis|In a way, Anglo-Saxon poetry cannot be translated.
Erica Jong, Sappho's Leap|Because, you see, God—whatever anyone chooses to call God—is one's highest conception of the highest possible. And whoever places his highest conception above his own possibility thinks very little of himself and his life. It's a rare gift, you know, to feel reverence for your own life and to want the best, the greatest, the highest possible, here, now, for your very own. To imagine a heaven and then not to dream of it, but to demand it.
Diana Richardson, Tantric Sex for Men: Making Love a Meditation|If you can bring some light of intelligence into your sexuality, that light will transform it.
Dennis Prager, Dennis Prager: Volume I|Save for the fit of bizarre laughter at the end, the man seems so calm, sensible, rational. Duffy wishes he met more like him. A bit paranoid about this terrorism business, but frankly, he might be right. You never know who is around the bend to blow you up, destroy your symbols, set your embassy on fire, shit on your toilet seat, or send anthrax swimming into the subway air and into everyone's lungs.
Li Shang-yin|Literature endures like the universal spirit,And its breath becomes a part of the vitals of all men.
Sōseki Natsume, Kokoro|The memory of having sat at someone’s feet will later make you want to trample him underfoot. I’m trying to fend off your admiration for me, you see, in order to save myself from your future contempt. I prefer to put up with my present state of loneliness rather than suffer more loneliness later. We who are born into this age of freedom and independence and the self must undergo this loneliness. It’s the price we pay for these times of ours.
H R Brock|Most of the girls I've met since moving here have failed to ignite any modicum of enduring interest. Of course, I've dated; I'm seventeen years old and as horny as the next guy.
Jessica Sorensen, The Forever of Ella and Micha|I realize that even through the hard times I’m sure we’ll face, I’ll never be able to walk away from her. -Micha
Andrew Toynbee, A Construct of Angels|Dani had threatened to kill him. This must be the way she planned to do it. Her dark hair was down around her shoulders and she was wearing earrings that glittered in the sunlight. The purple dress she had on showed off her toned legs and hugged her curves. The supply of oxygen to his brain cut off, and he was pretty sure his heart had stopped a couple of beats ago.
Ilchi Lee, Change: Realizing Your Greatest Potential|Make your mind quiet of disturbing thoughts by focusing on subtle energy on your palms, inside your body and all around.
Jess Walter, Beautiful Ruins|He found himself inhabiting the vast, empty plateau where most people live, between boredom and contentment.
Mae Whitman|Still, language is resilient, and poetry when it is pressured simply goes underground.
Marie Rutkoski, The Winner's Crime|He had you in his room?" A dark cloud crosses Jeb’s face. “Do you swear he didn’t try anything?”“Scout’s honor.”He squeezes my waist, tickling me. “Too bad you were never a Scout.”I squirm and smile. “Nothing happened.”That’s a lie. Morpheus got to me in a big way, showing me a side of myself I can hardly believe exists—one I’m not sure Jeb will be able to accept.
A.W. Exley, Ella, the Slayer|I lean back against the velvet-cushioned seat and close my eyes to the sound of hooves pounding hard against the cobblestone streets. Their clip-clopping harmony keeping perfect tempo with the rumble of carriage wheels, affording a sound as sweet as any symphony I've ever heard. It's the sound of escapeThe sound of goodbyeA sound that's served to soothe me in the past, providing the much-needed assurance that the unwelcome inquiries and suspicions of newly alerted acquaintances would soon fade - allowing for a brief respite in a new location, before I'm on the move again.I'm a gypsy.A nomad.A vagabond.A drifter.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Courage lightens distress, hope alleviates grief, doubt aggravates affliction, fear worsens anguish, worry magnifies misery, and faith overthrows despair.
Katarina Johnson-Thompson|Devon holds a special place in my heart. As a child, I normally went on holiday to Bantham and have lots of happy memories from my time there. I used to catch sand eels in the early morning and go fishing for bass throughout the day. I remember a gull taking my bait.
Dean Koontz, Deeply Odd|Clowns to the left of me, jokers to the right, here I am -- not stuck in the middle, but hovering above the entire farcical spectrum, weeping as I behold my fellow man's devotion to political illusion and self-destruction.
Julia Green, Hunter's Heart|There is always that choice, the light or the dark
James Hollis|Whatever sex is, and it is at least a profound mystery, is is easily misused. The primary psychological purpose of sex for those men who spend their lives in the cold, cruel world, and whose relationship with their own anima is frigid, is to reconnect with a warm place. Sex is a form of emotional reassurance, a narcotic to still the pain of the bruised soul. If life batters them, then sex, like drugs or work, may numb the wound. The sexual act offers a momentary transcendence. Orgasm can be an ecstatic experience; for the moment one may feel outside the iron confines of ordinary consciousness. It is the closest many men ever come to a religious experience. Thus the act of sex may mask a desperate search for acceptance, underneath whiсh lurks the mother complex.
Egon Schiele|Bodies have their own light which they consume to live: they burn, they are not lit from the outside.
Elsa Hosk|One of the key factors of life is love, and the key factor of God is love, so having that understanding is really important in a relationship. Having someone that genuinely respects you and understands your life and is open to hearing about your life is really cool.
Zayn Malik, Zayn: The Official Autobiography|The plan is to start performing smaller venues and work my way up from there, this anxiety isn't going to get the better of me.
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Eternity series|Truth means facing denial and saying I know who I am, I know who I need to be and I’m not afraid to become that person no matter what...Never be without fear; but Letti, never be without fight.
Ruth Rendell, The Water's Lovely|People are different in reality from the way you've seen them while making scenarios in your mind. For one thing, they're less consistent. They surprise you all the time.
Craig Raine, Heartbreak|...much of poetry in the making is the fiddle with a few items. You lay a word against another and wait. You try another word. And another. Yet another. You wait. You begin again. Listening. Looking. For the elusive inevitable thing which has to arrive before it is recognised. And, like Odysseus, may not be recognised at first.
Sena Jeter Naslund, Ahab's Wife, or The Star-Gazer|Phoebe asked me, "Tell me, what do you think of the afterlife?"I was a bit nonplussed. I had no idea what she thought, but I knew that the question must be of greater interest to someone of her age than to me. But our conversation had been completely honest, and before I could speak, honesty and tact had joined hands in my answer. "I have no faith at all," I said, "but sometimes I have hope."I rather think," she replied, "that total annihilation is the most comfortable position."I was shaken. The horse clopped on. The children laughed behind us.When I die," she said, "I don't expect to see any of my loved ones again. I'll just become a part of all this." She waved her hand at the surrounding countryside. "That's all right with me.
Beth Revis, Paper Hearts, Volume 1: Some Writing Advice|Our masterpieces are Shakespeare and Jane Austen and griots and Murasaki Shikibu, but they’re also J.K. Rowling and Chuck Palahnuik and Douglas Adams and Amy Tan and Suzanne Collins and Chinua Achebe. Read. Read them all. Read the books you love, and try to read books you don’t. Read the genres you love, but sometimes also read a book outside your comfort zone. Read voraciously.
Mignon McLaughlin|Whenever i see someone fighting me for no reason, I'm always highly impressed that God has instigated his anger against me, just as he did to pharoah against the Israelites, so as to cast me away into my promise land of fulfilment.
Deyth Banger|Stephen King is not a guy who keeps secrets the same goes and for Jeffery Deaver. But Jeffery Deaver creates characters and plays with them, Stephen King knows with who is playing, Jeffery Deaver just goes as how will happen, I think that and he doesn't know where the story lines will go.
Compton Gage|I beseech thee, O Lord, let me have understanding: For it was not my mind to be curious of the high things, but of such as pass by us daily.
C. JoyBell C.|I think that if you have a horse, pegasus, qilin, or unicorn, you should sit on it! You should stroke its hair, whisper in its ear, be one with it! And you shouldn't feel sorry if other people don't have one.
Ross  Turner, Marcii|A friendship like theirs was hard to come by, and when such a thing is found, it is often even harder to hold on to.But, as so few come to learn, absence does indeed make the heart grow fonder.
Neil Gaiman, Coraline|I’m going,’ he said, and in the temple light, I caught his determination, and that strength he got from loving me. It made him brave.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|You think you want love, Mary. You think it is this beautiful gift that does nothing but fill you and make you whole. But you are wrong. Love can be cruel and ugly. It can become dark and cause the deepest pain.
Elizabeth McCracken, An Exact Replica of a Figment of My Imagination|All I can say is, it's a sort of kinship, as though there is a family tree of grief. On this branch, the lost children, on this the suicided parents, here the beloved mentally ill siblings. When something terrible happens, you discover all of the sudden that you have a new set of relatives, people with whom you can speak in the shorthand of cousins.
Julie Garwood, Ransom|And yet I wasn't sure what his weakness was. We all do that as we get to know someone. Like a tabloid editor, we search for both greatness and weakness, jotting down notes in our heads for future exploitation. We are never comfortable with those who have no visible flaw.
Kevin Sampsell editor "Shanghaied" by Gigi Little, Portland Noir|Lore is my favorite kind of story. Because it's not only historical, it's a lie everyone knows is a lie but tells anyway. I love that. Of course every story I tell is true. Completely true. Completely and utterly at least five-eighths of the way to being true, which is truer than any piece of lore and truer than most truths you'll hear.
Helen Rowland|Children are supposed to help hold a marriage together. They do this in a number of ways. For instance, they demand so much attention that a husband and wife, concentrating on their children, fail to notice each other's faults.
Andrew Galasetti, These Colors Don't Run|Mamas are always crying about how one day they see you as a baby, and the next morning, they see you growed up.
Rachel Caine, Feast of Fools|Crap, are you thinking what I'm thinking?""I'm thinking we have about fifteen vampires and no blood," Claire said. "Is that it?""No, I was thinking we're out of chips. Of course that's what I was thinking.
Alice Hoffman, The Probable Future|When Juliet came flying down the hallway, Stella didn't recognize her friend. Juliet hadn't bothered with makeup; she was wearing a nightgown underneath her raincoat and had on plastic flip-flops. This was the way loved walked in, barely dressed, confused, panic-stricken, overcome, not caring what anyone thought or what they believed.
E. O. Wilson|None of the standard high school science courses made much of an impression on me, but I did enjoy the Advanced Placement Chemistry course I took in my senior year. This course had only eleven students and was taught by a rarity for our school, an exchange teacher from England, Mr. Leslie Sturges.
Khalil Gibran|In truth, opinion may be taken for understanding; understanding cannot be taken for opinion. How so? Surely because opinion may be deceived; understanding cannot be. If it could, it would not be understanding but opinion. For true understanding has not only certain truth, but the knowledge of truth.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|Meditation puts the telescope to the eye, and enables us to see Jesus after a better sort than we could have seen Him if we had lived in the days of His flesh.
Mary Quant|I think that, as Americans, we should never forget that when we tamper with freedom of speech, it is a very sensitive issue that affects all of our constitutional rights and privileges.
Shamir|I remember the day we found the gene for the inter-species signaling molecule like it was yesterday. We got the gene, and we plugged it into a database. And we immediately saw that this gene was in an amazing number of species of bacteria. It was a huge moment of realization.
37 Signals, Getting Real: The Smarter, Faster, Easier Way to Build a Web Application|The "silly" question is the first intimation of some totally new development
Ralph Bunche|Stay open-minded; stay focused. Train hard and train smart. For me, the older I get, the smarter I have to train also, because the recovery time is longer. Work on everything: become a well-rounded fighter - don't just be good at one thing; be good at everything.
Joss Whedon|Rights and empowerment are interconnected: unless a substantial number of women in a community come to believe that they have rights and demand to exercise them, right remains an abstraction.
William Butler Yeats|Bid me to love, and I will give a loving heart to thee.
Paul Tillich|Religion is the state of being grasped by an ultimate concern, a concern which qualifies all other concerns as preliminary and which itself contains the answer to the question of a meaning of our life." Paul Tillich
Eddie Vedder|Society, you're a crazy breed.
August Wilson|I read a lot of comic books and any kind of thing I could find. One day, a teacher found me. She grabbed my comic book and tore it up. I was really upset, but then she brought in a pile of books from her own library. That was the best thing that ever happened to me.
Anne Steele|But, oh, when gloomy doubts prevail,I fear to call thee mine;The springs of comfort seem to fail,And all my hopes decline.Yet, gracious God, where shall I flee?Thou art my only trust;And still my soul would cleave to thee,Though prostrate in the dust.
Deyth Banger|I want music, I don't want stupidity, (Hey)... (mey)... I don't give a shit, so far it sounds like stupidity changes tracks and it's on the track and it waits to appear!
New York Magazine|You see pictures of Buddha and he’s sitting, reclining, at peace. The Hindus have their twelve-armed elephant god, who also seems so content but not powerless. But leave it to Christians to have a dead and bloody man nailed to a cross.
Jennifer Wilde, The Slipper|A terrible feeling of loneliness besieged her, so strong it was almost like physical pain...
Maria Semple|I realise that I had the best of serious picture journalism. There was an innocence in our approach, especially in the 1950s and 1960s when we naively believed that by holding a mirror up to the world we could help - no matter how little - to make people aware of the human condition.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World / Brave New World Revisited|The strange words rolled through his mind; rumbled, like talking thunder; like the drums at the summer dances, if the drums could have spoken; like the men singing the Corn Song, beautiful, beautiful, so that you cried.
Lauren Miller, Parallel|So you believe in fate,” I say.Dr. Mann pauses thoughtfully before answering. “I believe each of us was uniquely created for a specific purpose designed by the Creator, and that, because of that, there are certain things in our lives that we are destined by Him to do. The rest, I think, is soft clay: left entirely to the defining influences of choice, chance, and circumstance. And luck! Don’t forget luck.
Ross Caligiuri|You just gave her an angry glance in return. It was the kind of glance that children give their parents when they know exactly the kind of total power they have over them and when the temptation to shatter them with one word, one phrase is overwhelming, but something – just the vague knowledge perhaps that the mess they create would be too great to gather – holds them back.
David A. Cleinman|The Coward will run away from danger, only to strike in the dark. The Heroine will run through the dark, even though she knows the coward is waiting to strike.
Debasish Mridha|Remember, you are the light of love in the darkness.
Karen Hitchcock, Dear Life: On Caring for the Elderly|So, what is the right way to look at death? Do we see death as life's expiration date and the point of no return? Or is it simply a threshold to be crossed, on the way to another dimension, or another life? Do you want to know what the right answer is?Whatever makes you feel more comfortable about dying.
Dharma Publishing, Ways of Enlightenment|Fearful of wasting a second, we hoard time as if it were money.
Faithful Akpaloo|Mindfulness has to do with waking up and living in harmony with oneself and with the world. It is examining who we are, constantly questioning our views of the world and our place in it, while cultivating appreciation for the fullness of each moment we are alive. It is the direct opposite of taking life for granted. It is empowering as well, because paying attention in this way opens channels to deep reservoirs of creativity, intelligence, imagination, clarity, determination, choice, and wisdom within us.
Harry Houdini|The Pilgrim and the Puritan whom we honor tonight were men who did a great deal of work in the world. They had their faults and their - shortcomings, but they were not slothful in business and they were most fervent in spirit.
Joan Didion|Cherish your old apartments and pause for a moment when you pass them. Pay tribute, for they are the caretakers for your reinventions.
Sunday Adelaja, Create Your Own Net Worth|True respect respects all men, it values all people.
Jean-Bertrand Aristide|Well, until this very day, I'm still learning.
Ivan Bunin, The Gentleman from San Francisco and Other Stories|On the second and the third night there was again a ball -- this time in mid-ocean, during a furious storm sweeping over the ocean, which roared like a funeral mass and rolled up mountainous seas fringed with mourning silvery foam. The Devil, who from the rocks of Gibraltar, the stony gateway of two worlds, watched the ship vanish into night and storm, could hardly distinguish from behind the snow the innumerable fiery eyes of the ship. The Devil was as huge as a cliff, but the ship was even bigger, a many-storied, many-stacked giant, created by the arrogance of the New Man with his ancient heart.
Joshua Stannard, How Good Can It Get|Joy is a choice, and it’s something we fight for and choose.
Ben Aaronovitch, Midnight Riot|I see that you, like many before you. The happiest person on earth would look in the mirror and see only himself exactly as he is.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|How blest was the created stateOf man and woman, ere they fell,Compared to our unhappy fate:We need not fear another hell.
George Eliot, Middlemarch|But a good wife—a good unworldly woman—may really help a man, and keep him more independent.
John Most, What Thoughts|I scared a little porcupineand caught a quill in my behind.It hurt so badly in my tail,but tugging on it made me yell.The porcupine was still around,so I complained. He simply frownedand said, "Stop whining! Look and seehow many quills are stuck on me!
Lailah Gifty Akita|Learn, relearn and outlearn.
Nikki Sex, Fate|Please?" he asked. He laughed once, nervous. "I'm in love with you"After a long pause, I cringed at the words I was about to say. "If you knew what I know... you wouldn't be."He shook his head. "I don't wanna know. I just want you.
Jürgen Habermas|As long as people will shed the blood of innocent creatures there can be no peace, no liberty, no harmony between people. Slaughter and justice cannot dwell together.
Johnny Rich, The Human Script|It had never occurred to me that a person could know all the right things to say and deploy them to get what she wanted, without having to mean any of it.
Mickey Rooney|In dating, the question is how many Tinder knockoffs are we going to have, and are any of them going to take off?
Edgar Allan Poe, The Pit and the Pendulum|In death - no! even in the grave all is not lost. Else there is no immortality for man. Arousing from the most profound slumbers, we break the gossamer web of some dream. Yet in a second afterward, (so frail may that web have been) we remember not that we have dreamed.
Stephen King|You know, small children take it as a matter of course that things will change every day and grown-ups understand that things change sooner or later and their job is to keep them from changing as long as possible. It’s only kids in high school who are convinced they’re never going to change. There’s always going to be a pep rally and there’s always going to be a spectator bus, somewhere out there in their future.
O. Hallesby|If the only prayer you say in your whole life is "Thank you " that would suffice.
Patricia Briggs, River Marked|Are we going to Portland?" I asked. "Or Multnomah Falls?"He smiled at me. "Go to sleep."I waited three seconds. "Are we there yet?"His smile widened, and the last of the usual tension melted from his face. For a smile like that, I'd...do anything.
John Art|What are those glorious dots? Those, dear one, are forget-me-nots!
Sammy Sutton, King Solomon's Journey|After all, trust is greater than love, and to truly trust another human-being is rare. Love can exist without trust, but trust cannot exist without love.
Dave Matthes, The Kaleidoscope Syndrome: An Anthology|Some kinds of misery make you hate the world, but some kinds make you hate yourself, and--butter and cheese not withstanding--Neve had no question that Spear was the latter.
Wesley King, OCDaniel|The wold was full of us, the leftovers and the leavers, the bereaved and the broken.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|While we’re looking up to see the rainbow—God’s promises—we’re ignoring floodwaters rising. While we’re looking down to see how close we can get to the edge of the world without being trapped by Satan, we’re taking our eyes off of Christ.
Mari Mancusi, Stake That|Eternity is a long time and it doesn't always work out that way," Jareth says, a bit bitterly. "It's worse to love someone and then lose them, then to never love at all.
Henry David Thoreau, Collected Essays and Poems|For if the truth were known, Love cannot speak, But only thinks and does; Though surely out 'twill leak Without the help of Greek, Or any tongue.
Anne Rice, Merrick|I hear the birds singing. Listen. I hear them in their cage. The others-all our kind who know of her-they think of her as heartless, but she wasn't heartless. She was only aware of things which I didn't learn till so many decades had passed. She knew secrets that only suffering can teach...
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|The truth is that if you do not join the way of godliness, then you do not have any reason to complain when the ungodly are busy planning and making the pathway of ungodliness.
Gloria Burgess, Dare to Wear Your Soul on the Outside: Live Your Legacy Now|Now more than ever the world needs your brilliance, your voice, your unique imagination, and your particular genius.
Pat Conroy, A Lowcountry Heart: Reflections on a Writing Life|Few people understood the exceptional role the civil rights movement had on the white boys and girls of the South. Bill Clinton would never have become who he was without the shining example of Martin Luther King. The same is true of Jimmy Carter and Fritz Hollings and Richard and Joe Riley. Imagine this: you’re a little white kid and you watch firehoses turned on people who don’t seem to be hurting anyone, and fierce dogs being tuned on young men who carry signs about freedom. We white kids grew up watching movies and TV and guess what we had learned to do? We had learned to tell the good guys from the bad guys.
A. R. Rahman|When I decide who to vote for as president, I ask myself who will be best for America and for the world. An important component of my answer involves my assessment of the candidate's willingness and ability to protect Israel's security, since I strongly believe that a strong Israel serves the interests of the United States and of world peace.
Eric D. Huntsman, The Miracles of Jesus|Many, if not most, of the miracles recorded in the Gospels can, in fact, be directly connected to the earlier miracle of the Creation. The same Being who, as Jehovah, organized the elements and framed the heavens and the earth was thus, as the Man of Galilee, able to control the winds and the waves. He could change water to wine, multiply loaves and fishes, heal bodies, and restore sight by the same power...that he had exercised in the beginning.
Colleen Houck, Tiger's Destiny|We throw away what we could have been and waste our opportunities. We each have a purpose, a destiny, and to realize it, we must reach beyond what we think we are capable of.
Sunday Adelaja|People who truly serve God embrace light, they fall in love with light, and they proclaim light, they fight with light.
Matthew Woodring Stover|I know more about my father than I used to know: I know he wanted to be a pilot in the war but could not, because the work he did was considered essential to the war effort… I know he grew up on a farm in the backwoods of Nova Scotia, where they didn’t have running water or electricity. This is why he can build things and chop things… He did his high school courses by correspondence, sitting at the kitchen table and studying by the light by a kerosene lamp; he put himself through university by working in lumber camps and cleaning out rabbit hutches, and was so poor he lived in a tent in the summers to save money… All this is known, but unimaginable. Also I wish I did not know it. I want my father to be just my father, the way he has always been, not a separate person with an earlier, mythological life of his own. Knowing too much about other people puts you in their power, they have a claim on you, you are forced to understand their reasons for doing things and then you are weakened.
Daniel Ehrenhaft, Friend Is Not a Verb|I'd do anything for you, Tessa. I know you don't realize that now, but you will.
Vishwanath S J|Time, without inception, instilled in one's spectacular mind of the mind, produces highly contagious thoughts that can kill you!
Sara  Humphreys, The Good, the Bad, and the Vampire|Trixie murmured. "It's on like Donkey Kong.
C.J. Anderson, Enter Ruinland|But to declare his wishes only in some unknown corner of Asia, to choose the most double-dealing and the most superstitious of peoples as followers, and the vilest, most ridiculous, and most roguish working man as representative, to muddle up the message so much that it is impossible to comprehend, to teach it only to a tiny number of individuals while leaving everyone else in the dark, and to punish them for remaining there... Oh, no, Therese, no, no, such atrocities cannot be our guide. I would rather die a thousand times than believe in them. When atheism wants martyrs, let it choose them and my blood is ready.
L. Tom Perry|If we will build righteous traditions in our families, the light of the gospel can grow ever brighter in the lives of our children from generation to generation. We can look forward to that glorious day when we will all be united together as eternal family units to reap the everlasting joy promised by our Eternal Father for His righteous children.
Kage Baker|I run a charity. If my name pops up in your call ID, chances are I'm about to ask you for something - money, free ad space, your first born. So it is probably no surprise that people often don't take my calls.
Lisa McMann, Wake|Once you read something, you can't erase it from your brain.
Jimmy Carter|Our society needs to recognize the unstoppable momentum toward unequivocal civil equality for every gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgendered citizen of this country.
Dada Vaswani|The People have a right to the Truth as they have a right to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
Gillian Bronte Adams, Songkeeper|Sometimes there's nothing you can do. Maybe sometimes promises had to be broken. Maybe sometimes you were doomed to failure from the start, no matter how hard you fought. But acknowledging your own helplessness was no consolation - if anything, it just made you feel worse.
Toni Sorenson|Programmers have a saying: "garbage in, garbage out.
Joan Bauer|You see, I don't belive that libraries should be drab places where people sit in silence, that has been the main reason for our policy of employing wild animals as librarians.
Tom Cotton|People without children do have the freedom to do things that caring parents with dependent kids can't - to work long hours, to travel frequently, to relocate, and to do all these things on short notice if necessary. In return, they can achieve positions that devoted parents can't.
T.H. White|Before there was an American Story, before Paterson spread before Oscar and Lola like a dream, or the trumpets from the Island of our eviction had even sounded, there was their mother, Hypatia Belicia Cabral: a girl so tall your leg bones ached just looking at her, so dark it was as if the Creatrix had, in her making, blinked.
Niccolò Machiavelli, The Prince|Because there are three classes of intellects: one which comprehends by itself; another which appreciates what others comprehend; and a third which neither comprehends by itself nor by the showing of others; the first is the most excellent, the second is good, the third is useless.
Daniel Quinn, Ishmael|Once you learn to discern the voice of Mother Culture humming in the background, telling her story over and over again to the people of your culture, you’ll never stop being conscious of it. Wherever you go for the rest of your life, you’ll be tempted to say to the people around you, “how can you listen to this stuff and not recognize it for what it is?
Jenny Han, Always and Forever, Lara Jean|Music makes everything more romantic, doesn't it? One second you're walking your dog in the suburbs, and then you put on Adele, and it's like you're in a movie and you've just had your heart brutally broken.
Alison Croggon, The Naming|Sydney, look at me.' He rested his hands on the car roof and leaned in. 'No one is going to hurt you. Do you know why?' She shook her head, and Victor smiled. 'Because I'll hurt them first.
bell hooks|Individual heterosexual women came to the movement from relationships where men were cruel, unkind, violent, unfaithful. Many of these men were radical thinkers who participated in movements for social justice, speaking out on behalf of the workers, the poor, speaking out on behalf of racial justice. However when it came to the issue of gender they were as sexist as their conservative cohorts.
Jon Gordon|Accept, Acknowledge and Awake.
Kailin Gow|The Winter Prince was before me, with his noble, knightly bearing and the impossible beauty that is paralytic at close range. And I wanted nothing more than to vanish into his arms, and his embrace, but I saw the look on his face and I remembered then that he was my enemy and that there was only one thing to do.Run.
Barry Schwartz|Most of the time reason for unhappiness is, desiring for the things which are far from our expectations.
Charles de Leusse|She can wear a veil, an eye mask, even a potato sack over her head - it doesn't matter. True beauty never fades; it radiates the kind of glow, that makes you turn your head and look, same way you unconsciously look for the stars, when the night is dark.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe|sometimes I have kept my feelings to myself, because I could find no language to describe them in but what was worn and hackneyed out of all sense and meaning
Karl Rove|If I'm playing in the morning, I'll get some carbs early: porridge with chopped banana. If I'm playing in the afternoon, I'll start with less carbs and have some eggs and fruit for breakfast, then a light lunch about 90 minutes before I play, so I don't feel sluggish or full.
Hilary McKay, Indigo's Star|I love people who play guitars on roofs!" said Rose, hopping along the pavement in one of her sudden happy moods. "Don't you?""Never knew anyone else who did it!""Don't you like Tom?""Of course I do. But I don't know about all the other guitar-on-roof players! They might be really awful people, with just that one good thing about them. Playing guitars on roofs... or bagpipes... Or drums... Sarah would like that, and Saffy could have the bagpipes! Caddy could have a harp.... What about Mum?""One of those gourds filled with beans!" said Rose at once. "And Daddy could have a grand piano. On a flat roof. With a balcony and pink flowers in pots around the edge! And I'll have a very loud trumpet! What about you?""I'll just listen," said Indigo.
Amy Carmichael|to the glory of His name let me witness that in far away lands, in loneliness (deepest sometimes when it seems least so), in times of downheartedness and tiredness and sadness, always always He is near. He does comfort, if we let Him. Perhaps someone as weak and good-for-nothing as even I am may read this. Don't be afraid! Through all circumstances, outside, inside, He can keep me close.
Marvin Gaye|Listen, babyAin't no mountain highAin't no valley lowAin't no river wide enough, babyIf you need me, call meNo matter where you areNo matter how farJust call my nameI'll be there in a hurryYou don't have to worry'Cause baby,There ain't no mountain high enoughAin't no valley low enoughAin't no river wide enoughTo keep me from getting to youRemember the dayI set you freeI told youYou could always count on meFrom that day on I made a vowI'll be there when you want meSome way,some how'Cause baby,There ain't no mountain high enoughAin't no valley low enoughAin't no river wide enoughTo keep me from getting to youNo wind, no rainMy love is aliveWay down in my heartAlthough we are miles apartIf you ever need a helping handI'll be there on the doubleAs fast as I canDon't you know thatThere ain't no mountain high enoughAin't no valley low enoughAin't no river wide enoughTo keep me from getting to youDon't you know thatThere ain't no mountain high enoughAin't no valley low enoughAin't no river wide enough
Dew Platt, The Rudeness of Soul|It is impossible for Stream to achieve unhappiness. Indeed it is. Unless that is, it exists in consciousness. It is impossible for the unordered to achieve happiness or unhappiness unless it were to Flow a certain way in relation with ordered effects.Unhappiness, happiness is a potential activated by the ordered in Flow.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|Looking forward is the future, standing where you are is the present. looking back is the past. A memory is a piece of the past snipped and played as a short movie or story.
Frank Gehry|AppStudio is a native app builder that allows you to build the app and automatically deploy it on Android, iPhone, and Windows. It lets you design it once and then implement it anywhere.
Charles Bukowski|For those who believe in God, most of the big questions are answered. But for those of us who can't readily accept the God formula, the big answers don't remain stone-written. We adjust to new conditions and discoveries. We are pliable. Love need not be a command nor faith a dictum. I am my own god. We are here to unlearn the teachings of the church, state, and our educational system. We are here to drink beer. We are here to kill war. We are here to laugh at the odds and live our lives so well that Death will tremble to take us.
Alyson Noel, Evermore|Sleeping with another girl does not always mean you are a lesbian, sometimes it just means the central heating needs fixing
Amy Winehouse|Looking back, I realise I had to grow up and be responsible at a very tender age.
Jean Kerr|Marrying a man is like buying something you've been admiring for a long time in a shop window. You may love it when you get home, but it doesn't always go with everything in the house. 
Oscar Wilde, The Critic as Artist|That is what the highest criticism really is, the record of one's own soul. It is more fascinating than history, as it is concerned simply with oneself. It is more delightful than philosophy, as its subject is concrete and not abstract, real and not vague. It is the only civilized form of autobiography, as it deals not with events, but with the thoughts of one's life; not with life's physical accidents of deed or circumstance, but with the spiritual moods and imaginative passions of the mind...The best that one can say of most modern creative art is that it is just a little less vulgar than reality, and so the critic, with his fine sense of distinction and sure instinct of delicate refinement, will prefer to look into the silver mirror or through the woven veil, and will turn his eyes away from the chaos and clamor of actual existence, though the mirror be tarnished and the veil be torn. His sole aim is to chronicle his own impressions. It is for him that pictures are painted, books written, and marble hewn into form.
Chuck Wendig, Star Wars - Aftermath - Empire's End|The Roman Empire, born out the Roman Republic, with its ideas of democracy among a certain group of wealthy men (no vote for men without land -as with our Founding Fathers- and certainly no vote for women and slaves. Why are democracies built on top of one form of slavery or another?)
Nikos Kazantzakis, Report to Greco|According to Google statistics, people search the word "money" four times as often as the word "goal". This creates a word: "frustration".
Sonya Walger|A wedding, people decide to get married, it comes out of such love for one another and then women can turn into these other people. They're planning something that's the biggest event they'll ever plan in their lives and it turns them into this other person, so it's not totally the guy's fault that he's feeling disconnected from this person.
Gregory Warner|The meaning of bravery is more than the act of being strong, it is also about letting go of what you cannot control and trusting the unknown.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Changes Will Change Our Wayof Changing Changes,Petra Cecilia Maria HermansAugust 13, 2016
Don DeLillo, Libra|Like prepositional phrases, certain structural arrangements in English are much more important than the small bones of grammar in its most technical sense. It really wouldn't matter much if we started dropping the s from our plurals. Lots of words get along without it anyway, and in most cases context would be enough to indicate number. Even the distinction between singular and plural verb forms is just as much a polite convention as an essential element of meaning. But the structures, things like passives and prepositional phrases, constitute, among other things, an implicit system of moral philosophy, a view of the world and its presumed meanings, and their misuse therefore often betrays an attitude or value that the user might like to disavow.
Tom Brady|Whether you're throwing up or breaking up, you want your girlfriend right there! I don't trust women who don't go to their girlfriends.
Dee Hock|That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind.
Garrison Keillor|I'm a simple man. All I want is enough sleep for two normal men, enough whiskey for three, and enough women for four.
Chris Pepple, Without a Voice|Stop looking for that person you were in the past. She has changed. Look for the person she has grown into. She is wiser and stronger than than ever before. Don't go back to who you were. Cherish who you are." --Without a Voice by Chris Pepple
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned|Drinking is an emotional thing. It joggles you out of the standardism of everyday life, out of everything being the same. It yanks you out of your body and your mind and throws you against the wall. I have the feeling that drinking is a form of suicide where you're allowed to return to life and begin all over the next day. It's like killing yourself, and then you're reborn. I guess I've lived about ten or fifteen thousand lives now.
R.L. Stine, Welcome to Dead House|This was a normal town once, and we were normal people. Most of us worked at the plastics factory on the outskirts of town. Then one day there was an accident... something escaped from the factory, a yellow gas. It floated over the town so fast that we didn't see it, didn't realize... and then it was too late, and Dark Falls wasn't a normal town anymore.
Sari Botton, Goodbye to All That: Writers on Loving and Leaving New York|Lift your eyes and look on the FIELDS (Jon 4:35),there are viable opportunities
Harold Holzer, Lincoln and the Power of the Press: The War for Public Opinion|Looking to advance in journalism, one future editor displayed skilled as varied as economic analysis and humorous commentary.
Tessa Afshar, Harvest of Rubies|I want to grow old with you. I want your face to be the first thing I see in the morning and the last thing I see at night. I want to feel my children growing inside you. Sarah, my love. I want to worship the Lord with you, and hear your laughter until the day I die.
Tasha Hoggatt, What Makes You Great?|...no matter how much Theo achieves and acquires and out-dazzles everyone else, she never seems content. She's taught you that people who shine more lavishly that everyone else seem to be penalized by discontent, as if they're being punished for craving a brighter life. I've been knocked down so many times I can't remember the number plates, she said once.
Jim Henson|Life's like a movie, write your own ending. Keep believing, keep pretending.
Jalaluddin Rumi, The Book of Love: Poems of Ecstasy and Longing|If you don't make peace with your own mortality, you'll never know what it's like to truly be alive.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|I am aware that it can be easily missed, but once you have the ability to uncover and clarify real needs – the things that really matter - you can discuss in detail how you meet each and every one
Dia Reeves, Slice of Cherry|The justifications of men who kill should always be heard with skepticism, said the monster.
Lexi Blake, The Men with the Golden Cuffs|I’m not playing at all. And f**k you, you’re trying to pull me into vagina talk. I won’t do it. I don’t have feelings. None at all. And I’m keeping it that way.
Adelheid Manefeldt, Consequence|He lived a quiet existence where the future was easy to predict and the past was a cancer in remission. It was meaningful, of course. But it was lonely.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|He once told Allie and I that if he'd had to shoot anybody, he wouldn't've known which direction to shoot in. He said the Army was practically as full of bastards as the Nazis were.
David Mitchell, The Thousand Autumns of Jacob de Zoet|there're times when i suspect that the mind has a mind of its own. it shows us pictures. pictures of the past and the might-one-day-be. this mind's mind exerts its own will, too, and has its own voice
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Live your life in such a way that you can say "I love my life" and really mean it.
Manuel Corazzari|The average person will take the excuses, but the leader will always take responsibilities
Embee, Tess Embers|you truly help people with the things that you sell. Once you are aware of that vital piece of information every demonstration, every presentation, everytransaction will be delivered with a light shining from your heart. From your heart will shine a beacon that tells all prospects you can truly help and that that is your sole purpose for being there
Deyth Banger|In everyone lives the person called "Monk" (From the Series), the families which are shown by Stephen King and many other people. But when people will understand this?
Anthony Doerr, All the Light We Cannot See|Every hour, she thinks, someone for whom the war was memory falls out of the world. We rise again in the grass. In the flowers. In songs.
David Michie, Mindfulness Is Better Than Chocolate: A Practical Guide to Enhanced Focus and Lasting Happiness in a World of Distractions|When we're being mindful, we're paying attention to the present moment, deliberately and non-judgementally. When we're meditating, we're being mindful of a specific object, such as the sensation of the breath at the tip of our nostrils, for a sustained period of time.
Sunday Adelaja|The secret of the answered prayer is not in its artistry, nor shouts either…
Q-Tip|I remember being at school during morning meeting and looking around at everybody, 350 kids, saying a prayer. We're all very young and no one knows what it means, and I remember feeling strange that people were just repeating words that they didn't understand. I refused to participate. For some reason I always rejected it, but respectfully.
Kevin Smith, Tough Shit: Life Advice from a Fat, Lazy Slob Who Did Good|If you're alive, kick into drive. Chase whimsies. See if you can turn dreams into a way to make a living, if not an entire way of life.
Nina LaCour, Hold Still|I was such a quiet kid, so shy and calm and in my own head. Of course I knew about being sad. Maybe that's the reason I saved all the things I thought were pretty.
Matshona Dhliwayo|This is what I call life: a woman to love, a job to do, and a cause to fight
Lailah Gifty Akita|Whoever turns to the Lord, shall walk in the light.
Steven Redhead, Life Is A Cocktail|Very possible! Possible, indeed. Maybe even probable, which, as you know if you study your arithmetic,can happen more often than possible. In other words, probable is more possible than possible. - Bubo
Dallas Willard, Hearing God: Developing a Conversational Relationship with God|Our failure to hear His voice when we want to is due to the fact that we do not in general want to hear it, that we want it only when we think we need it.
Melissa Hale, Morning After|I always thought that I was a good swimmer, you know? That in a sink or swim situation I would rise to the top. But the truth is I was drowning. I was sinking fast and you threw me a lifeline. I never expected to love you. But you saved my life. How could I not?
Day Parker|I like to read books one after another. Immerse myself in a book, and then immerse myself in the next book, and just keep going until there aren't any more books left to swim in. That's why I hate when authors die. I cannot stand it. There will be no more books forthcoming from that person. Their future books died with them. In the past I have found a series of books and loved it so much that all I wanted to do was read and read and read those books for the rest of my life. Then I would find out that the author was dead. Had in fact been dead for many a year. This has happened to me several times.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón|1I smiled bitterly, a defeated man pitifully begging a God in whom he had never trusted.
Junot Díaz, Drown|All in all, the lunch date was fine. Like an opened can of soda in its second hour. If you were thirsty, you might take a sip or two, but I carried more hopes walking in to the restaurant than I did walking out.
David Eddings, Crystal Gorge|The stars were better company anyway. They were very beautiful, and they almost never snored.
Ratish Edwards|Explain yourself when it is a must, but sometimes, in life, keep quit when people think you are mad or you shall speak and speak how mad they think you are!
ASAP Ferg|I've done a lot of death cartoons - tombstones, Grim Reaper, illness, obituaries... I'm not great at analyzing things, but my guess is that maybe the only relief from the terror of being alive is jokes.
Ann McElhinney, Gosnell: The Untold Story of America’s Most Prolific Serial Killer|...for Taggart, learning the reality of abortion for the first time was shocking. “Even if it’s done right, it’s barbaric,” he told us. “I’m no holy roller, but if you see the way they actually have to do it, it’s barbaric.” The learning experience was one shared by Wechsler, Pescatore, Wood, and the rest of the team.
Vanessa Mae|Sometimes in the past when I played something might make me lose focus, or I would go home after a game where I thought I could have played better and I would let it hang over my head for a long time when it shouldn't.
Julie Hockley, Crow's Row|You'll probably die if you stay with me,' he told me.'Then I'm dead either way, because I won't survive without you.
James A. Murphy, The Waves of Life Quotes and Daily Meditations|Chasing after a guy who’s not interested in you will rip the hell out of your self-respect. Better to face facts now because the longer you put it off, the harder it’ll be.
Christian Cooke|The body moves through space every day, and in architecture in cities that can be orchestrated. Not in a dictatorial fashion, but in a way of creating options, open-ended sort of personal itineraries within a building. And I see that as akin to cinematography or choreography, where episodic movement, episodic moments, occur in dance and film.
Daniel Berrigan|If there is to be any peace it will come through being, not having.
Cesare Beccaria, On Crimes and Punishments and Other Writings|When a fixed code of laws, which must be observed to the letter, leaves no further care to the judge than to examine the acts of citizens and to decide whether or not they conform to the law as written; then the standard of the just or the unjust, which is to be the norm of conduct for the ignorant as well as for the philosophic citizen, is not a matter of controversy but of fact; then only are citizens not subject to the petty tyrannies of the many which are the more cruel as the distance between the oppressed and the oppressor is less, and which are far more fatal than those of a single man, for the despotism of many can only be corrected by the despotism of one; the cruelty of a single despot is proportioned, not to his might, but to the obstacles he encounters.
Nancy Horan|the same—on this page, or the end of your fingertips—always the same
Ray Charles|Tones sound, and roar and storm about me until I have set them down in notes.
Daniel Humm|Never stop moving, or you'll stop moving. I go to dance class every morning, and it's just good to stay strong; I like being healthy.
Namsoon Kang, Cosmopolitan Theology: Reconstituting Planetary Hospitality, Neighbor-Love, and Solidarity in an Uneven World|Cosmopolitan discourse is in a way a response to the issue of solidarity. Although the precondition for solidarity can be a _community_, solidarity requires more intentional commitment and performance than does community.
Deshwal Sachin|Life has only three states-Happiness,Grief and Emptiness.The extreme state of life is emptiness.
Beth Henley|In the spring of 1994 I decided not to seek reelection to the Senate. I had made the decision 12 years earlier, Christmas Day of 1982, just after I had been first elected to a full term, that I would do the best I could for a limited time.
Jeff Ament|Farrah Fawcett had courage, she had strength, and she had faith.
Jeffrey Hemmer, Man Up!: The Quest for Masculinity|All of Western civilization is highly influenced by the Bible, so much so that today people take for granted that our morals and our values are not common sense, but biblically based.
Ernest Hemingway|As a writer, you should not judge, you should understand.
Jim Morrison|That's what real love amounts to - letting a person be what he really is. Most people love you for who you pretend to be. To keep their love, you keep pretending - performing. You get to love your pretence. It's true, we're locked in an image, an act - and the sad thing is, people get so used to their image, they grow attached to their masks. They love their chains. They forget all about who they really are. And if you try to remind them, they hate you for it, they feel like you're trying to steal their most precious possession.
Neil Leckman|I don't know why they call them Cheerios, I ate an entire box and didn't feel any happier!!
Sherry Thomas, Not Quite a Husband|Sometimes limbs must be re-broken to set properly, her heart too needed to shatter anew before it could truly heal.
Neal Shusterman, Red Rider's Hood|Wisteria hangs over the eaves like clumps of ghostly grapes. Euphorbia's pale blooms billow like sea froth. Blood grass twists upward, knifing the air, while underground its roots go berserk, goosing everything in their path. A magnolia, impatient with vulvic flesh, erupts in front of the living room window. The recovering terrorist--holding a watering can filled with equal parts fish fertilizer and water, paisley gloves right up over her freckled forearms, a straw hat with its big brim shading her eyes, old tennis shoes speckled with dew--moves through her front garden. Her face, she tells herself, like a Zen koan. The look of one lip smiling.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|You have no control over how your story begins or ends. But by now, you should know that all things have an ending. Every spark returns to darkness. Every sound returns to silence. Every flower returns to sleep with the earth. The journey of the sun and moon is predictable. But yours, is your ultimate art.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|There are times when the mind is dealt such a blow it hides itself in insanity. While this may not seem beneficial, it is. There are times when reality is nothing but pain, and to escape that pain the mind must leave reality behind.
Francis de Sales|Make yourself familiar with the angels and behold them frequently in spirit; for without being seen, they are present with you.
Roger Ebert|As for the forces, electromagnetism and gravity we experience in everyday life. But the weak and strong forces are beyond our ordinary experience. So in physics, lots of the basic building blocks take 20th- or perhaps 21st-century equipment to explore.
W. Ian Thomas|Well, first I would ask them if they had read the Bible; then I would ask them if they had understood it.
Andre Leon Talley|Often, what makes my job so exciting is designing for the mother whose dream has been to wear one of my hats at her child's wedding. I feel as responsible for making her feel like a million dollars as I do for somebody in the public eye.
|When you start to do the things that you truly love, it wouldn't matter whether it is Monday or Friday; you would be so excited to wake up each morning to work on your passions.
Lili Wilkinson, The Boundless Sublime|For a long time, there was grief. It pulled me down into suffocating darkness, and kept me anchored there. I went through the motions. I turned up at school. I ate food and watched TV and took algebra tests. But I didn't feel anything. It was easier that way.
Julia Quinn, To Catch an Heiress|Not that I knew who you were until last month. But now that I've got you, I'm not letting you go.""You're not?"Blake stared at her in irritated confusion. What was her game? "Do you think I'm an idiot?" he spat out."No," she said. "I've just escaped from a den of idiots, so I'm well familiar with the breed, and you're something else entirely. I am, however, hoping you're not a terribly good shot.
Terry Pratchett, The Last Continent|It is said that your life flashes before your eyes just before you die. That is true, it's called Life.
T.E.D. Klein, Seeing Red|Miss Millick wondered just what had happened to Mr. Wran. He kept making the strangest remarks when she took dictation. Just this morning he had quickly turned around and asked, "Have you ever seen a ghost, Miss Millick?" And she had tittered nervously and replied, "When I was a girl there was a thing in white that used to come out of the closet in the attic bedroom when you slept there, and moan. Of course it was just my imagination. I was frightened of lots of things." And he had said, "I don't mean that traditional kind of ghost. I mean a ghost from the world today, with the soot of the factories in its face and the pounding of machinery in its soul. The kind that would haunt coal yards and slip around at night through deserted office buildings like this one. A real ghost. Not something out of books." And she hadn't known what to say. ("Smoke Ghost")
Shelly Crane, The Other Side Of Gravity|No one should know his entire fate. It's too dangerous and too depressing. Just keep going, do your best, and hope it's good enough. That's all any of us can do.
Ray Zee, High-Low-Split Poker, Seven-Card Stud and Omaha Eight-or-better for Advan|customers away. The Palais-Royal has become a veritable den of iniquity,
amy litzelman|I find that, as a rule, when a thing is a wonder to us it is not because of what we see in it, but because of what others have seen in it. We get almost all our wonders at second hand.
Jonathan Sacks|Tokyo would probably be the foreign city if I had to eat one city's food for the rest of my life, every day. It would have to be Tokyo, and I think the majority of chefs you ask that question would answer the same way.
Saadat Hasan Manto, Toba Tek Singh: Stories|You would have realized that it wasn't Mumtaz, a muslim, a friend of yours, but a human being you had killed. I mean, if he was a bastard, by killing him you wouldn't have killed the bastard in him; similarly, assuming that he was a Muslim, you wouldn't have killed his Muslimness, but him.
James Gould Cozzens, The Just and the Unjust|At Childerstown High School and at college he had never led his class nor taken prizes; but, without being aware that he did, he really blamed this on his failure to work hard, or any harder than he needed to. . . . What he did not know, what Paul Bonbright, among others, showed him, was that those abilities of his that got him, without distinction but also without much exertion, through all previous lessons and examinations, were not first rate abilities handicapped by laziness, but second rate, by no degree of effort or assiduity to be made the equal of abilities like Bonbright's.
David Cronenberg, Consumed|Internet," she said sagely. "Expanding the frontiers of adolescent knowledge.
Shannon L. Alder|We can make our minds so like still water that beings gather about us that they may see, it may be, their own images, and so live for a moment with a clearer, perhaps even with a fiercer life because of our quiet.
Orson Scott Card, Speaker for the Dead|Twisted and perverse are the ways of the human mind," Jane intoned. "Pinocchio was such a dolt to try to become a real boy. He was much better off with a wooden head.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban|What's that?" he snarled, staring at the envelope Harry was still clutching in his hand. "If it's another form for me to sign, you've got another -""It's not," said Harry cheerfully. "It's a letter from my godfather.""Godfather?" sputtered Uncle Vernon. "You haven't got a godfather!""Yes, I have," said Harry brightly. "He was my mum and dad's best friend. He's a convicted murderer, but he's broken out of wizard prison and he's on the run. He likes to keep in touch with me, though...keep up with my news...check if I'm happy....
Chuck Palahniuk, Haunted|This would be...a book that would be a trapdoor down into some place dark. A place only you could go, alone, when you opened the cover. Because only books have that power.
Michael Hayden|President Obama and his successors are dependent on the 100,000-plus people inside the American intelligence community - the people Edward Snowden betrayed.
Barbara W. Tuchman, The Proud Tower: A Portrait of the World Before the War, 1890-1914|When you wake up every day, you have two choices. You can either be positive or negative; an optimist or a pessimist. I choose to be an optimist. It's all a matter of perspective.
Fredrik Backman|All these threads, like the ley-lines he'd read about in his Time-Life history books, converging on the Cicciaro girl, who lay there unaware, a glass-coffined beauty whose kingdom was in ruins.
Daniel Quinn, Ishmael|If the world was made for us, then it BELONGS to us and we can do what we damn well please with it.
Matt Smith|Big flashy things have my name written all over them. Well... not yet, give me time and a crayon.
Alexis Steinhauer|It's just like any relationship," Raelin told him with a grin, while Aldri practiced over and over again. "You need to coax her, persuade her, impress her, not knock her over the head with a mallet. Sometimes, for complicated things, you even need to grovel a little—but I'll teach you that later, some of the syllables in Faerilíca can take weeks to learn correctly. For now, keep trying to catch her eye in silence.""But magic is only converted energy and emotion," Aldri reminded him. "I already possess it, I only need to use it.""And just how do you want to take ten minutes' running energy or your liking for the color blue, and throw it out in front of you as an arrow-stopping shield, hm?
Bo Bennett|I'm not much for sitting around and thinking about the past or talking about the past. What does that accomplish? If I can give young people something to think about, like the future, that's a better use of my time.
Habeeb Akande|As sons and daughters of our Heavenly Father, we are capable of so much more. For that, good intentions are not enough. We must do. Even more important, we must become what Heavenly Father wants us to be.Declaring our testimony of the gospel is good, but being a living example of the restored gospel is better. Wishing to be more faithful to our covenants is good; actually being faithful to sacred covenants—including living a virtuous life, paying our tithes and offerings, keeping the Word of Wisdom, and serving those in need—is much better. Announcing that we will dedicate more time for family prayer, scripture study, and wholesome family activities is good; but actually doing all these things steadily will bring heavenly blessings to our lives.
Sappho|There is an Iroquois myth that describes a choice the nation was once forced to make. The myth has various forms. This is the simplest version. A council of the tribes was called to decide where to move on for the next hunting season. What the council had not known, however, was that the place they eventually chose was a place inhabited by wolves. Accordingly, the Iroquois became subject to repeated attacks, during which the wolves gradually whittled down their numbers. They were faced with a choice: to move somewhere else or to kill the wolves. The latter option, they realized, would diminish them. It would make them the sort of people they did not want to be. And so they moved on. To avoid repetition of their earlier mistake, they decided that in all future council meetings someone should be appointed to represent the wolf. Their contribution would be invited with the question, ‘Who speaks for wolf?
Kathleen Grissom|Serious history was the West, and the West was white.
Shannon L. Alder|Every woman that finally figured out her worth, has picked up her suitcases of pride and boarded a flight to freedom, which landed in the valley of change.
Jennifer Elisabeth, Born Ready: Unleash Your Inner Dream Girl|Despite how lonely or broken down you might feel, we need you with us helping to make the world better, kinder and safer, especially for the little girls coming up.
Julia Glass, I See You Everywhere|I guess that’s how well you know me. You think I like hearing this news.”“I’m sorry. This is selfish. I just need to tell someone … outside my life. Get it out of myhead, to keep from going nuts, but somewhere safe.”She sees me as safe? This brings tears to my eyes.“I trust you, Clem. Are you pissed?
Mirra Ginsburg, The Dragon: Fifteen Stories|One of the most brilliant Russian writers of the twentieth century, Yevgeny Zamyatin belongs to the tradition in Russian literature represented by Gogol, Leskov, Bely, Remizov, and, in certain aspects of their work, also by Babel and Bulgakov. It is a tradition, paradoxically, of experimenters and innovators. Perhaps the principal quality that unites them is their approach to reality and its uses in art - the refusal to be bound by literal fact, the interweaving of reality and fantasy, the transmutation of fact into poetry, often grotesque, oblique, playful, but always expressive of the writer's unique vision of life in his own, unique terms.
David Levithan|That’s when it happens. The moment of death is full of heat and sound and pain bigger than anything, a funnel of burning heat splitting me in two, something searing and scorching and tearing, and if screaming were a feeling it would be this.Then nothing.
Courtney Summers, Cracked Up to Be|Does it go away?" she asks. "Missing each other?" I think about how much I missed Maman. I still do, though it isn´t as acute as it once was. "A little bit," I whisper."Enough so that life continues. In a year you won´t even think about me. " She turns around in my arms and looks up at me, tugging at a strand of my hair. "don´t say stupid things, Sahar. You´re smarter than that.
Andrew Peterson, North! or Be Eaten|The end is always the same. That's why what we do does matter. Good or bad, we die. If we bring some light and prosperity into the world, isn't that better than there being less light?
Akilnathan Logeswaran|Life is not about who you know, but rather about who knows you & what you stand for. Show the world with presence, actions & the way you lead your life, who you are.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|Let us assume that a man gets half his income in the form of interest-bearing securities and half in the form of money; and that he is in the habit of saving three-quarters of his income, and does this by retaining the securities and using that half of his income which he receives in cash in equal parts for paying for current consumption and for the purchase of further securities. Now let us assume that a variation in the composition of his income occurs, so that he receives three-quarters of it in cash and only one-quarter in securities. From now on this man will use two-thirds of his cash receipts for the purchase of interest-bearing securities. If the price of the securities rises or, which is the same thing, if their rate of interest falls, then in either case he will be less willing to buy and will reduce the sum of money that he would otherwise have employed for their purchase; he is likely to find that the advantage of a slightly increased reserve exceeds that which could be obtained from the acquisition of the securities. In the second case he will doubtless be inclined to pay a higher price, or more correctly, to purchase a greater quantity at the higher price, than in the first case. But he will certainly not be prepared to pay double as much for a unit of securities in the second case as in the first case.
Carrie Jones, Captivate|Robbing ourselves of the great pleasures in life only makes us perform worse. We need to be happy, and do things we like doing if we want to excel in whatever it is we're focusing on.
Peter Watts, Beyond the Rift|In the end, the body betrayed everyone.
Caryll Houselander, The Reed of God|The Child Christ lives on from generation to generation in the poets, very often the frailest of men but men whose frailty is redeemed by a child's unworldliness, by a child's delight in loveliness, by the spirit of wonder.Christ was a poet, and all through His life the Child remains perfect in Him. It was the poet, the unworldly poet, who was King of the invisible kingdom; the priests and rulers could not understand that. The poets understand it, and they, too, are kings of the invisible kingdom, vassal kings of the Lord of Love, and their crowns are crowns of thorns indeed.
Colin Kaepernick|Ever since I was a kid, I wanted to be a marine biologist. As you go through the grind and the distraction of a career, it's easy to lose sight of your dreams.
Dr Sivakumar Gowder|the forecast for tonight is alcohol, low standards, and poor decisions.
Harley King, Mother, Don't Lock Me In That Closet!|The silence was enchanting. Infinite space seemed to enter it, and my spirit, alone with the stars, seemed capable of any adventure.
Vern Rustsala|This is why we said 'ain't'and 'he don't'.We wanted words to fitour cold linoleum,our oil lamps, ourouthouse. We knewbetter but it was wrongto use a languagethat named ghosts,nothing you could touch.
Aayush Jain|Those who think, Present.
Salman Rushdie|If I were asked for a one-sentence sound bite on religion, I would say I was against it.
Lauren Hammond| "Take it easy, Jewels," Sebastian said, trying to sound playful, but worry was written all over his face.  "Why can't you ever call me by my real name?" "Well, at least I know you're coherent- you're back to asking your heap of questions."' Concealed
Enock Maregesi|Kilio kikuu cha Yesu, “Eloi, Eloi, lama sabakthani?”, yaani, “Mungu wangu, Mungu wangu, mbona umeniacha?”, na “Imekwisha”, vilitabiriwa katika Zaburi 22 ili watu waliompinga Kristo waamini kama Yesu alikuwa Masihi. Zaburi 22 ulikuwa wimbo maarufu katika kipindi cha karne ya kwanza, kipindi ambacho Yesu alizaliwa na kufa, uliotungwa na mfalme Daudi, ulioitwa ‘zaburi ya mateso na matumaini ya mwadilifu’. Kwa hiyo Yesu aliposema maneno hayo yaliwaingia watu akilini, na kuanzia hapo imani hasa ya Ukristo ikachukua kasi hadi leo hii. Zaburi 22 inaanza na “Mungu wangu, Mungu wangu, mbona umeniacha?” na inaisha na “Imekwisha”, miongoni mwa maneno saba aliyoyasema Yesu pale msalabani Golgotha. Kwa hiyo, Zaburi 22 ni utabiri wa kifo cha Yesu.
Muppets Most Wanted (2014)|Wow, that was an expensive looking explosion! I can't believe we had that in the budget.
Fidel Castro|Automation provides us with wondrous increases of production and information, but does it tell us what to do with the men the machines displace? Modern industry gives us the capacity for unparalleled wealth - but where is our capacity to make that wealth meaningful to the poor of every nation?
Kanye West|Why not start figuring out ways to change the way we treat each other? The way we talk to each other, the way we talk about each other. To love each other. You know it starts off with self-love. We have to love ourselves before we can love anybody else.And the media from day one, from when you were little ass kids, they teach you not to love yourself. They take something out of you and they try to sell it back to you... Something that you’ve been fighting for your entire life that’s taken from you as a child. That you always had inside of you. That’s self-love.That's why I love you so much, cause as everybody knows, I love me so much.The greatest gift you have is your now…you don’t know what’s going to happen tomorrow and the past is the past.
Stephanie Grace Whitson, Sarah's Patchwork|The sessions with Mr. Dubois continued, but it was in the private parlor of Abigail Braddock that Sarah Biddle received the greatest knowledge, for in Mrs. Braddock's private parlor Sarah Biddle learned not only to read books, but also to love them.
Emilie Autumn|I am confident, I am capable, and I will not wait to be rescued by a woodsman or a hunter.
Kirk Cameron|Let us be sure that those who come after will say of us in our time, that in our time we did everything that could be done. We finished the race; we kept them free; we kept the faith.
Matt Perman, What's Best Next: How the Gospel Transforms the Way You Get Things Done|All you need is 5min or even less.....Go outside, look up the clear sky and thank the HEAVENS above you for the life you have and the blessings you receive on a daily basis. Why do we make it a mission to simply say thank you? NB: I double dare you to do it!
Barack Obama|No man succeeds without a good woman behind him. Wife or mother, if it is both, he is twice blessed indeed.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Distinctive Footprints of Life: Where Are You Heading Towards?|Until we see the 'this- advantage' in the disadvantage we shall always be looking at the disadvantages in life. life does not present us with disadvantages, it gives us 'this- advantages' to take. It is only because of excuses and low courage that we regard 'this advantages' as disadvantages
Franz Kafka|A non-writing writer is a monster courting insanity.", July 5, 1922]
John Marsden, Darkness, Be My Friend|You can never stay angry too long in the bush though. At least, that's what I think. It's not that it's soothing or restful, because it's not. What it does for me is get inside my body, inside my blood, and take me over. I don't know that I can describe it any better than that. It takes me over and I become part of it and it becomes part of me and I'm not very important, or at least no more important than a tree or a rock or a spider abseiling down a long thread of cobweb. As I wandered around, on that hot afternoon, I didn't notice anything too amazing or beautiful or mindbogglingly spectacular. I can't actually remember noticing anything out of the ordinary: just the grey-green rocks and the olive-green leaves and the reddish soil with its teeming ants. The tattered ribbons of paperbark, the crackly dry cicada shell, the smooth furrow left in the dust by a passing snake. That's all there ever is really, most of the time. No rainforest with tropical butterflies, no palm trees or Californian redwoods, no leopards or iguanas or panda bears.Just the bush.
Jim Thompson, The Killer Inside Me|I am a woman. Not a damp puzzle piece to toy with by your dirty hands. I am a woman. Nothing less, attempting to piece together her truth.
Joe Prophet|He moved now, A tiny jerk of movement, and Elissa saw what she hadn't grasped before. that his fingers showed white and bloodless against he dark blue of his jacket, that his face was so tense that skin seemed to stretch taut over the bones beneath. Then he spoke, and she realized he wasn't calm. He was violently angry."WHY, Captain?" he said, so much suppressed anger in his voice that it felt as if it would shatter something. "I would have thought the the real question was WHY NOT?
Sarah Waters|Don't panic. Midway through writing a novel, I have regularly experienced moments of bowel-curdling terror, as I contemplate the drivel on the screen before me and see beyond it, in quick succession, the derisive reviews, the friends' embarrassment, the failing career, the dwindling income, the repossessed house, the divorce . . . Working doggedly on through crises like these, however, has always got me there in the end. Leaving the desk for a while can help. Talking the problem through can help me recall what I was trying to achieve before I got stuck. Going for a long walk almost always gets me thinking about my manuscript in a slightly new way. And if all else fails, there's prayer. St Francis de Sales, the patron saint of writers, has often helped me out in a crisis. If you want to spread your net more widely, you could try appealing to Calliope, the muse of epic poetry, too.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Life is uncertain, we can only hope.
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|You are both stars, don’t forget.When the stars exploded billions ofyears ago, they formed everythingthat is this world. The moon, thetrees, everything we know isstardust. So don’t forget. Youare stardust.- ROSE PEDDLER
Simran.M.Anthony|My heart felt withered, a neglected fruit that would never again sweeten, now that my love was dead.
William Faulkner|Living beings wide and far are creatively enticed into the idea of living only on the substance of leafy greenery by alluring allegations that seem to make apparent sense. Some want to avoid the dying aspect of life and prolong the bodily functions of their organs within their potential corpses over time and reduce the waste products given off by our walking structures to lessen worldly contamination. Others want to avoid consuming Earth’s usual containing features from being overly exhumed, or because we have never not lovingly smothered Earth’s natural oxygen sucking creatures, and so we do not consume the things that are taking nutrients from us so that we can preserve them instead, because we find it morally dissatisfying.
Richelle Mead, Succubus Blues|Hey, if you'd wanted to avoid 'this,' you shouldn't have lured me last night. Now it's too late. You might as well avoid the long, drawn-out pain and get it over with quickly. Sort of like taking off a Band-Aid. Or cutting off a limb.""Wow, who says there's no romance left in the world?
Harrison Wheeler, Jesters Incognito: Live Like a King. Hire a Jester.|So long as we are driven by the need to make up for our needs; by the restless sense that we are not yet fully assured of our place in the world and our hold on its swarming phenomena; so long as there is more to be discovered and made, more to grasp for and make real, we must go on inventing ourselves.
Colleen Hoover, It Ends with Us|When life gets you down do you wanna know what you’ve gotta do? . . . Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming. Just keep swimming, swimming, swimming.
Virginia Petrucci|What bothers me most about my teeth is that they don’t travel loin south, don’t sprout from the Mother Mouth. Vagina dentata, come closah, say high.
Richard Russo, Nobody's Fool|I find it surreal, then perfectly normal. I'm struck by how fast the surreal becomes the norm. I marvel at how unexciting it is to be famous, how mundane famous people are. They're confused, uncertain, insecure, and often hate what they do. It's something we always hear - like that old adage that money can't buy happiness-but we never believe it until we see it ourselves. Seeing it in 1992 brings me a new measure of confidence.
Bill Bryson|I was hit by a car once on my bike, but I still rode home.
Brandon David Hastings|I believe in the 20/80 rule. That's where working an extra 20% faster, harder, or smarter gets you an extra 80% of the rewards.
pleasefindthis|You've got to keep looking for them, even after you find them. Otherwise, you'll lose them.
Iveta Cherneva|Dear Friend, I'm sorry I haven't written to you in a couple of weeks, but I have been trying to 'participate' like Bill said.
Julian Barnes, Levels of Life|Altitude reduces all things to their relative proportions, and to the truth. Cares, remorse, disgust become strangers: How easily indifference, contempt, forgetfulness drop away...and forgiveness descends.
Garth Risk Hallberg, City on Fire|Make sure people learn and grow from mistakes, and that they share that learning. But, don’t accept the same mistake twice. Only make new mistakes.
Sadhguru, Of Mystics & Mistakes|Questioner: One question comes to my mind: if everybody looked inward, what would happen? Sadhguru: You would have a sensible world. (Laughs) Is that a danger?
Paul Klemperer|Now, in the modern money economy everything in the nature of a social-economic occurrence consists in human actions and behaviour.
Ufuoma Apoki|You can choose daily to brace up and face the harsh realities of life . . . Or while away the days that come by daydreaming . . . Better still, you can make your dreams your realities.
Anthony T. Hincks|It is the mythic experience, the mythic imagination that opens, reveals depth and mystery, which places the human in the context of the nonhuman, and so, forces retreat, humility, and awe, in the presence of spaces beyond our will.
William Cobbett|Four hundred million in India, and millions everywhere, have told you, precisely, that the colored people are not going to die for anybody: they are going to die for their independence.
Jimmy Iovine|The claims I'm making for art are simply the claims that we naturally make around music or around poetry. We're much more relaxed around those art forms. We're willing to ask, 'How could this find a place in my heart?'
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows|She picked up the book and then walked back past him into the tent, but as she did so, she brushed the top of his head lightly with her hand. He closed his eyes at her touch, and hated himself for wishing that what she said was true: that Dumbledore had really cared.
Anaïs Nin|A WOMAN SHOULD HAVE ..... a set of screwdrivers, a cordless drill, and a black lace bra... 
David Skinner|Worship may produce an outward change, but our inner condition will eventually be revealed
Kem, Tales of a Chocolate Smuggler: My Life with Dragons|I could not have climbed any mountains while looking from the ground... I would not have flown... or dived... or surfed... or swum... I am not a tourist nor a spectator... this is the life I have left, and I will not waste it like some rubber-neck
David Thewlis|When I travel too much, it affects the music, and that is the most important thing. As long as I make good music, I can play shows, but if the music starts getting bad, the show offers won't come.
Maharishi Mahesh Yogi|I do not know why I have always been fascinated by science or why I have been driven by the intense desire to make some original contribution. And although I have had some degree of success as a scientist, it is hard to say precisely why.
Rebecca Solnit, A Field Guide to Getting Lost|A person in her twenties has been a child for most of her life, but as time goes by that portion that is childhood becomes smaller and smaller, more and more distant, more and more faded, though they say at the end of life the beginning returns with renewed vividness, as though you had sailed all the way around the world and were going back into the darkness from which you came.
Jacques Monod, Chance and Necessity|The occurrence of successive forms of life upon our globe is an historical fact, which cannot be disputed; and the relation of these successive forms, as stages of evolution of the same type, is established in various cases.
Stephan Labossiere|Don't let the belief that nobody will love you, keep you in a relationship where you aren't getting the love you need.
Miyavi|People always ask me, 'What is it that you regret?' And I say, 'nothing, because I could not buy what I've learned.' And I apply those things to my life I learn. And hopefully, hopefully it helps me to be a better human in the future and make better choices.
Robert David Steele, The Open-Source Everything Manifesto: Transparency, Truth, and Trust|Explain to me again why we’re at a whorehouse?”Gwenvael sighed around his ale. “Because, my thick-headedbrother, if you want information about human men then you go to theone place all human men come to eventually.
Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things|In a determined reversal of her inherent nature, Kochu Maria now, as a policy, hardly ever believed anything that anybody said.
Rachel Caine, Bitter Blood|We have really everything in common with America nowadays, except, of course, language.
Kandarp Gandhi, Buddhist Banker : Money can't buy happiness, Wisdom can.|Hard work beats talent, when talent doesn’t work hard
Rebecca Raisin, The Little Bookshop on the Seine|Second hand books had so much life in them. They'd lived, sometimes in many homes, or maybe just one. They'd been on airplanes, traveled to sunny beaches, or crowded into a backpack and taken high up a mountain where the air thinned."Some had been held aloft tepid rose-scented baths, and thickened and warped with moisture. Others had child-like scrawls on the acknowledgement page, little fingers looking for a blank space to leave their mark. Then there were the pristine novels, ones that had been read carefully, bookmarks used, almost like their owner barely pried the pages open so loathe were they to damage their treasure.I loved them all.And I found it hard to part with them. Though years of book selling had steeled me. I had to let them go, and each time made a fervent wish they'd be read well, and often.Missy, my best friend, said I was completely cuckoo, and that I spent too much time alone in my shadowy shop, because I believed my books communicated with me. A soft sigh here, as they stretched their bindings when dawn broke, or a hum, as they anticipated a customer hovering close who might run a hand along their cover, tempting them to flutter their pages hello. Books were fussy when it came to their owners, and gave off a type of sound, an almost imperceptible whirr, when the right person was near. Most people weren't aware that books chose us, at the time when we needed them.
Christopher Marlowe, Dr. Faustus|Mephistopheles: Why, this is hell, nor am I out of it.Think'st thou that I, who saw the face of GodAnd tasted the eternal joys of heaven,Am not tormented with ten thousand hellsIn being deprived of everlasting bliss?
Lynne Reid Banks|My personal opinion is that if someone writes honestly about war, it will inherently be anti-war.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Our goodness is our wealth and when we close our eyes to the tragedies of the hard lives, we start losing our wealth!
Jasper Fforde, Shades of Grey|THE MYTH OF THE GOOD OL BOY AND THE NICE GAL The good of boy myth and the nice gal are a kind of social conformity myth. They create a real paradox when put together with the "rugged individual" part of the Success Myth. How can I be a rugged individual, be my own man and conform at the same time? Conforming means "Don't make a wave", "Don't rock the boat". Be a nice gal or a good ol' boy. This means that we have to pretend a lot.  "We are taught to be nice and polite. We are taught that these behaviors (most often lies) are better than telling the truth. Our churches, schools, and politics are rampant with teaching dishonesty (saying things we don't mean and pretending to feel ways we don't feel). We smile when we feel sad; laugh nervously when dealing with grief; laugh at jokes we don't think are funny; tell people things to be polite that we surely don't mean." - Bradshaw On: The Family
Emma Donoghue, Room|I think she was too tired to play anymore, she was in a hurry to get to Heaven so she didn't wait, why didn't she wait for me?
Roman Reigns|I learned to dive in Belize, which is sort of like learning to drive in an Aston Martin. The reefs and refuges are some of the most dramatic in the world. But the real reason I went was to dive the Blue Hole, a 400 ft. sinkhole near Ambergris Caye. Google it, and you'll see why.
Stephanie Perkins, Anna and the French Kiss|I love you as certain dark things are loved, secretly, between the shadow and the soul.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|I believed I could identify the scent of the sky as I stood there, a blue menthol fragrance similar to the scent of seawater that sprayed into my face when I first dove into the ocean. That initial scent was much more subtle than the ocean's heavy, fishy aroma; it was a whiff of salt and mint, just as I approached the water on a dive, that warned me that a more powerful scent would soon enter my nose. It was the scent I dreamed in. And it was the scent of that spring sky as I stood in my yard.
Frances A. Washburn, The Sacred White Turkey|Belief is like that, a circle, and often I find that the seemingly simplistic explanations from childhood for the unexplainable have merit, maybe more so than all the educated and contrived answers of adulthood.
Mercedes Lackey, Arrow's Fall|I consider Yoda to be just about the most evil character that I’ve ever seen in the history of literature. I have gotten people into tongue-tied snits unable to name for me one scene in which Yoda is ever helpful to anybody, or says anything that’s genuinely wise. 'Do or do not, there is no try.' Up yours, you horrible little oven mitt! 'Try' is how human beings get better. That’s how people learn, they try some of their muscles, or their Force mechanism heads in the right direction, that part gets reinforced and rewarded with positive feedback, which you never give. And parts of it get repressed by saying, 'No, that you will not do!' It is abhorrent, junior high school Zen. It’s cartoon crap.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Happiness at Work: Meditations for Accomplishment, Achievement, and Peace|When we bring deep awareness to whatever's bothering us, the same things might be happening, but we are able to relate to them differently.
Debasish Mridha|True love not only attracts hearts, but it also shines like the sun.
Claire Cook, Summer Blowout|I pulled my suitcase out of the backseat of my bug, along with Cannoli's new travel case, a spiffy animal print pet backpack on wheels. When I first saw it, I thought maybe the dog was supposed to wear the backpack, but it turned out the person wore the backpack with the dog in it.
Chris Bradford, The Way of the Dragon|That's ridiculous. The only point in having enemies is so you can defeat them, kill them, brush them aside.""Or give them a chance to redeem themselves.
Jules Evans, Philosophy for Life: And Other Dangerous Situations|if the world will attain its utmost peace and stability;and contentions be limited, then the ideology, philosophy and mentality of people in the world should be shifted from the more you acquire the more valuable you are to the more you give the more important you are and with the mentality that giving is a sacred responsibility and not a competition
Richard Brookhiser, Founders' Son: A Life of Abraham Lincoln|God produced great writing, a matter of first importance to a man like Lincoln, ever impressed with the nature of cause and forces.
Truth Devour, Unrequited|Right time, right place, right moment.
George Sterling, The Thirst of Satan: Poems of Fantasy and Terror|O Space and Time and stars at strife,How dreadful your infinity!Shrined by your termless trinity,How strange, how terrible, is life!(“The Testimony of the Suns”)
David Vann, Aquarium|Even now, I still believe metamorphosis is the greatest beauty.
Adelaide Crapsey, Verse by Adelaide Crapsey|Why do You thus devise Evil against her?' 'For that She is beautiful, delicate; Therefore.
Human Angels, 365 Wisdom Pills|Through the mind and judgment,it is not possible to understandoneself and others.True understanding isa compassionate heart.
Walt Whitman, Leaves of Grass: The First (1855) Edition|As I sit here on a snowy morning watching the flakes gently fall outside my window, I look at the 300-year-old building across the street and the beautifully carved angels on its facade. There was a time people would create, just to give something beautiful to the world which we are so blessed to live in and a time when people understood the work of all of the arts.
Heather Choate Davis, Elijah & the SAT: Reflections on a hairy old desert prophet and the benchmarking of our children's lives|Before we received Christ, we were slaves to sin. But because of Christ’s work on the cross, sin’s power over us has been broken. Satan has no right of ownership or authority over us. He is a defeated foe, but he is committed to keeping us from realizing that. He knows he can block your effectiveness as a Christian if he can deceive you into believing that you are nothing but a product of your past, subject to sin, prone to failure, and controlled by your habits.
Sue Fitzmaurice|Life is full of bullshit; reject or deal with it, but move on.
Ashley Tisdale|I love oatmeal. To me, it's not boring. I agree that ordinary oatmeal is very boring, but not the steel-cut Irish kind - the kind that pops in your mouth when you bite into it in little glorious bursts like a sort of gummy champagne.
Nomthandazo Tsembeni|Preserving, protecting, and restoring our waters are tasks for many lifetimes, and sometimes the effort can seem overwhelming. But as long as we stay connected with all of the many, many blessings that water provides, and continue to keep that love in the forefront of our minds and hearts, as long as we remind ourselves to hope, then our stories will help connect others to water and encourage them to do what they can to help care for this beautiful Blue Marble world.
Nkosinathi Mehlomakulu|Liberate your Mind Black Child ,free your self from Mental slavery.
Carol Shields, Larry's Party|Growing up, coming to terms with, and living through the complications of Diabetes.
Jacques Yonnet, Paris Noir: The Secret History of a City|He insisted on clearing the table, and again devoted himself to his game of patience: piecing together the map of Paris, the bits of which he’d stuffed into the pocket of his raincoat, folded up any old how.I helped him.Then he asked me, straight out, ‘What would you say was the true centre of Paris?’I was taken aback, wrong-footed. I thought this knowledge was part of a whole body of very rarefied and secret lore. Playing for time, I said, ‘The starting point of France’s roads . . . the brass plate on the parvis of Notre-Dame.’He gave me a withering look.‘Do you take for me a sap?’The centre of Paris, a spiral with four centres, each completely self-contained, independent of the other three. But you don’t reveal this to just anybody. I suppose - I hope - it was in complete good faith that Alexandre Arnoux mentioned the lamp behind the apse of St-Germain-l’Auxerrois. I wouldn’t have created that precedent. My turn now to let the children play with the lock.‘The centre, as you must be thinking of it, is the well of St-Julien-le-Pauvre. The “Well of Truth” as it’s been known since the eleventh century.’He was delighted. I’d delivered. He said, ‘You know, you and I could do great things together. It’s a pity I’m already “beyond redemption”, even at this very moment.’His unhibited display of brotherly affection was of childlike spontaneity. But he was still pursuing his line of thought: he dashed out to the nearby stationery shop and came back with a little basic pair of compasses made of tin.‘Look. The Vieux-Chene, the Well. The Well, the Arbre-a-Liege On either side of the Seine, adhering closely to the line he’d drawn, the age-old tavern signs were at pretty much the same distance from the magic well.‘Well, now, you see, it’s always been the case that whenever something bad happens at the Vieux-Chene, a month later — a lunar month, that is, just twenty-eight days — the same thing happens at old La Frite’s place, but less serious. A kind of repeat performance. An echoThen he listed, and pointed out on the map, the most notable of those key sites whose power he or his friends had experienced.In conclusion he said, ‘I’m the biggest swindler there is, I’m prepared to be swindled myself, that’s fair enough. But not just anywhere. There are places where, if you lie, or think ill, it’s Paris you disrespect. And that upsets me. That’s when I lose my cool: I hit back. It’s as if that’s what I was there for.
Zoe Forward, Hooked On A Witch|I promise if you come to my car I won't cuff you unless..." his voice dropped in a sensuous tone, "...that's what you want.
Mehmet Murat ildan|You can do beautiful things with your friends; you can do beautiful things when you are all alone! In togetherness, listen to the music of the crowds; in solitude, listen to the music of the silence! Be neither afraid of the crowds, nor of the loneliness, because both are blessings!
Rachel Hartman, Shadow Scale|How did you merit so much devotion so quickly?' I asked, making no attempt to keep the sarcasm from my voice.'I show them Heaven', said she, without a trace of irony. 'People are so desperate for light'.
Shannon L. Alder|To have a different life you have be a different person. You have to do what you haven't done. You have to become the person that fits that dream. But most of all, you have to realize that if you don't step into your story it becomes the moral of the story. Your inaction is a lesson you leave to your kids-- I was too afraid to change.
Ned Vizzini, Be More Chill|See, because being Cool is obviously the most important thing on earth. It's more important than getting a job, or having a girlfriend, or political power, or money, because all those things are predicated by Coolness. They happen because of it. They depend on it.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|When the true history fades, ask education and the unbiased story tellers
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Don’t quit.When your latest efforts fail, don’t quit. When your performance is scoffed and ridiculed, don’t quit. When you’re told you have no talent, don’t quit. When you come in dead last, don’t quit. When it seems an uphill fight to keep going, don’t quit. When you can’t see any possible way to achieve your goals, don’t quit. When your last supporter is you alone, don’t quit. When discouragement and depression seem your constant companion, don’t quit. When you feel like quitting, don’t quit.Time and time again you will crave relief from the harsh fight of trying to succeed. You will falsely think that quitting will bring peace and reprieve, but alas, only regret and disappointment await the quitter. Victory means never ever quitting. So don’t quit.Do not quit.
Michelle Hodkin, The Unbecoming of Mara Dyer|Why?' He asked.'Why what?' What could I say? Noah, despite you being an asshole, or maybe because of it, I'd like to rip off your clothes and have your babies. Don't tell.
Kate Chopin|I think you can leave the arts, superior or inferior, to the conscience of mankind.
Goitsemang Sandra Mvula|Know that blank pages feel the urge of the ink as much as tears paint a different pain, changes
Isaac Newton, The Principia: Mathematical Principles of Natural Philosophy|Blind metaphysical necessity, which is certainly the same always and every where, could produce no variety of things. All that diversity of natural things which we find suited to different times and places could arise from nothing but the ideas and will of a Being, necessarily existing.
Ha7|the only constant home you can find is within the heart of your true love,its where you can feel safe even when the whole world start collapsing
Tim Federle, The Great American Whatever|But you should see the sky tonight.Screw your astrology apps. Screw your games. Look up sometime. There is a whole wing of positive psychology--my therapist told me--that says the greatest way to affect your outlook on life is to consider what you already have more that what you don't have. And so I might not have a cell phone on me, or a sister at home, or a Dad at all, or a future, but holy shit I have the sky.
S.A. Tawks, The Spirit of Pessimism|Her intention was to make the crowd aware, if they weren't already, that John was the giant whose shoulders Emily stood on.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|I was just trying to be a very good human, instead I became a hero.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I am afraid the church is trying to speak out on too many issues that really do not concern the church. There are certain issues we know to be wrong—racial injustice, crime, gambling, dishonesty, pornography. On these matters we must thunder forth as the prophets of God.
Patricia Highsmith, The Price of Salt|And she did not have to ask if this was right, no one had to tell her, because this could not have been more right or perfect.
Charles de Lint, Widdershins|What do they say about meeting a bear in the woods? Oh right, you shouldn't. And to make sure you don't, you should make a lot of noise so that they'll will know where you are and keep their distance because, supposedly, they're as nervous of us as we are of them. Which is all goo, except this bear doesn't seem the least bit nervous. He's giving me a look like I'm Goldilocks, ate his porridge, broke his chair, slept in his bed, and now it's payback time."- Widdershins
Darnell Lamont Walker|Because you thought love was just gonna be there. You weren't taught that it had to be made, it had to be mixed, kneaded, recycled. Over and over, you have to keep creating it. Over and over with everyone you love. Over and over.
Emily Rodda, The Forests of Silence|I had spent many nights in the jungle looking for game, but this was the first time I had ever spent a night looking for a man-eater. The length of road immediately in front of me was brilliantly lit by the moon, but to right and left the overhanging trees cast dark shadows, and when the night wind agitated the branches and the shadows moved, I saw a dozen tigers advancing on me, and bitterly regretted the impulse that had induced me to place myself at the man-eater's mercy. I lacked the courage to return to the village and admit I was too frightened to carry out my self-imposed task, and with teeth chattering, as much from fear as from cold, I sat out the long night. As the grey dawn was lighting up the snowy range which Iwas facing, I rested my head on my drawn-up knees, and it was in this position my men an hour later found me fast asleep; of the tiger I had neither heard nor seen anything.
Calvin Coolidge|It's amazing the amount of anger, hostility and hatred some people show towards those of us who want to leave them in freedom. Hysterically, some statists characterize that as the voluntaryists trying to "force" their views on everyone else. "You're oppressing me, by leaving me alone, and wanting me to leave you alone!" Meanwhile, they wildly cheer when some politician promises to extort and control them. Go figure.
Brian Rock, Don't Play with Your Food!|I wonder if a fish'sOne and only wish isThat other fish will never say,"This fish is sure delicious!
Lois Greiman, One Hot Mess|Maybe money can't buy happiness, but it can get you a nice little villa in Tuscany, and that's close enough for me.
Robert Louis Stevenson|But the people only talked about how ugly her face looked. No one even bothered to mention what a sweet, kindhearted girl she was. Now, don’t be amazed! That is just the nature of humans, to notice the one flaw among a person’s ten good qualities.
Cherise Wolas, The Resurrection of Joan Ashby|We redheads are a minority, we tend to notice each other - you know, and notice our identity
Helen Oyeyemi, What is Not Yours is Not Yours|Rape, cockroaches... are still a real nightmare.
Chaim Potok, The Gift of Asher Lev|How can we expect to know everything about God?"He looked at me, his eyes narrowing."I call that ambiguity," I said. "Riddles, puzzles, double meanings, lost possibilities, the dark side to the light, the light side to the darkness, different perspectives on the same thing. Nothing in this whole world has only one side to it. Everything is like a kaleidoscope. That's what I'm trying to capture in my art. That's what I mean by ambiguity.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|I had the good fortune and opportunity to come home and to tell the truth; many soldiers, like Pat Tillman… did not have that opportunity. The truth of war is not always easy. The truth is always more heroic than the hype.
Joseph McCabe, The Existence Of God|Finding that no religion is based on facts and cannot therefore be true, I began to reflect what must be the condition of mankind trained from infancy to believe in errors.
Harper Lee|Most of all she loved that when she hugged him her head would rest neatly just below his chin, where she could feel his breath lightly blowing her hair and tickling her head.
Jasmine Warga, My Heart and Other Black Holes|I wonder what it will feel like when all the lights go off and everything is quiet forever. I don't know if it will be painful, if in those last moments I'll be scared, but all I can hope is that it will be over fast. That it will be peaceful. That it will be permanent.
Marcus Samuelsson|I think of dieting, then I eat pizza.
Zach Wamp|I am delighted with the strong vote I have received. My message of positive leadership, patriotism and commitment clearly was resonating with tens of thousands of ordinary Irish people.
Kelly Link, Magic for Beginners|A recurring theme in the book is instinct versus articulation. Although teen services people may know and understand issues on an instinctive level, they must be prepared to articulate these ideas in the face of threats to teen services.
Moutasem Algharati|Your present interests are not a solid basis of a career decisions. So, stop following your passion and Do What Is Valuable.!
Henri Cartier-Bresson, Henri Cartier-Bresson: The Mind's Eye: Writings on Photography and Photographers|Of all the means of expression, photography is the only one that fixes forever the precise and transitory instant. We photographers deal in things that are continually vanishing, and when they have vanished, there is no contrivance on earth that can make them come back again. We cannot develop and print a memory. The writer has time to reflect. He can accept and reject, accept again; and before committing his thoughts to paper he is able to tie the several relevant elements together. There is also a period when his brain "forgets," and his subconscious works on classifying his thoughts. But for photographers, what has gone is gone forever.
Joe Dunthorne, Submarine|I am one of those servants – butlers usually – who respectfully points out when their master is about to do something stupid: "You should probably only burn the document once the blackmail has been completed, m' lady.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|Because this injunction for all women to have children isn't in any way logical. If you take a moment to consider the state of the world, the thing you notice is that there are plenty of babies being born; the planet really doesn't need all of us to produce more babies.
Elizabeth Scott, Something, Maybe|Are you reading?" I say. It's not that I don't think Finn can read or anything, but it's just - well, not what I expected to see. I figured Finn spent his time doing whatever it is guys who aren't Josh do when they aren't in school. Burping, or something."Try not to look so surprised," Finn says. "I read. I can count to ten. Sometimes I can even spell my own name.
Kari L. Greenaway, Hope Doesn't Hide|For joy alone, Carries a fountain of youth.Laughter's music, Will wrinkle smooth.- Poem Fountain of Youth
Don Borchert, Free for All: Oddballs, Geeks, and Gangstas in the Public Library|To ask why we need libraries at all, when there is so much information available elsewhere, is about as sensible as asking if roadmaps are necessary now that there are so very many r
William Kelly|That which attracts the world must please and pander to the self-importance of man. The world itself is a vain show, and likes its own. Consequently there is nothing which so carries the mass of men along with it as that which flatters the vanity of the human mind. It may assume the lowliest air, but sinful man seeks his own honour and present exaltation.
Dante Hall|I was raised in the greatest of homes... just a really great dad, and I miss him so much... he was a good man, a real simple man... Very faithful, always loved my mom, always provided for the kids, and just a lot of fun.
Sarah E. Olson, Becoming One: A Story of Triumph Over Dissociative Identity Disorder|I spent most of my life believing lwas crazy because all the crazy things I experienced in childhood were treated as nonexistent or normal. This belief colored every decision made, from something so basic as what to wear today, to the more esoteric boundaries of whether I should kill myself. I understood very well that killing myself under the wrong circumstances would establish my insanity forever. So I analyzed every word, every gesture, before committing myself. (Which probably accounts for why I am alive today.)
Mary Berry|Popcorn for breakfast! Why not? It's a grain. It's like, like, grits, but with high self-esteem.
Jonathan Rottenberg, The Depths: The Evolutionary Origins of the Depression Epidemic|Though I learned little in my compromised state, I learned enough to make a decision: I was going to understand how mood could overwhelm. I was going to understand depression or die trying.
Peter Prange, The Philosopher's Kiss|Politics is a matter of leading other people. Admittedly not where they want to go, but where they ought to go.
Emily Dickinson|But the lies which Odette ordinarily told were less innocent, and served to prevent discoveries which might have involved her in the most terrible difficulties with one or another of her friends. And so, when she lied, smitten with fear, feeling herself to be but feebly armed for her defence, unconfident of success, she was inclined to weep from sheer exhaustion, as children weep sometimes when they have not slept. She knew, also, that her lie, as a rule, was doing a serious injury to the man to whom she was telling it, and that she might find herself at his mercy if she told it badly. Therefore she felt at once humble and culpable in his presence. And when she had to tell an insignificant, social lie its hazardous associations, and the memories which it recalled, would leave her weak with a sense of exhaustion and penitent with a consciousness of wrongdoing.
Bill Hybels, Axiom: Powerful Leadership Proverbs|You can lead with or without a title. If you wait until you get a title, you may wait forever.
Avijeet Das|We keep searching for things all our life, yet seldom do we notice them!
Abhishek Singh Sikarwar|My second crush, don't know, who you are,by thinking of you,my day pass.The things, the things, the things changed,forgot the first, second begins.The second crush,my second crush,don't know who you are,but, by thinking of you,my day pass.Who you are, i don't know,but seeing you shed tears.My feelings drop, water stops,in my eyes.The things, the things, the things changed.I fall in love, are you goddess or what.As i came near you, my heart beat rise.Want to stop my legs,but they attracts.Like your tears attract the sand,when they are falling on land.My heart, my heart, my heart beat rise,you came, you came, you are closer to my eyes.I see tears fallen on the ground, my love rotating around you round and round.Now, you are the first,you are the last,that i told you my sweet heart.When i see you first time,it was my last time,to fall in love, my dear valentine.The second crush,my second crush,don't know who you are,but, by thinking of you,my day pass.The things, the things, the things changed.Now, crush end,time spend,love start,now, you are my life part.:-)
Sophie Divry, Signatura 400|Reading is important, because if you can read, you can learn anything about everything and everything about anything.
Coco Moodysson, Never Goodnight|Do we have to say goodnight? It just feels so final.... And then it feels like I HAVE to go to sleep, and then I just can't...
Jean Lorrain, Monsieur De Phocas|I don't think I understand that," Meg insisted. "How can you lust yourself into oblivion. ""Oh, easily," Ekaterina answered. "The lust is for things, possessions. The weapon turns on the nature of possessions, the fact that every possession you own consumes a part of you. Tools, instruments, if they are more than conceits, these things do not defy the rule but they are exceptional enough they don't activate the weapon. Consequently, the mission of these alleged scientists is to create generalized lust, a frenzied lust for things unconnected to any sense of utility.
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Neville kicked aside the broken fragments of his own wand as they walked slowly toward the door. "My gran's going do kill be," said Neville thickly, blood spattering from his nose as he spoke, "dat was by dad's old wand...
Gena Showalter, The Darkest Secret|Hate. Huh. He'd never hated himself. If anything, he'd always liked himself a little too much. Once, a human female had even accused him of picturing his own face while he climaxed. He hadn't denied it, either, and next time he'd slept with her, he'd made sure to scream, "Strider" at the pivotal moment." --Strider, keeper of the demon of Defeat--
John Lennon|If being an egomaniac means I believe in what I do and in my art or music, then in that respect you can call me that... I believe in what I do, and I'll say it.
Matthew Arnold, The Poetical Works of Matthew Arnold|I thought I was growing wings—it was a cocoon.I thought, now is the time to stepinto the fire—it was deep water.Eschatology is a word I learnedas a child: the study of Last Things;facing my mirror—no longer young,the news—always of death,the dogs—rising from sleep and clamoringand howling, howling....("Seeing For a Moment")
Solomon Ibn Gabirol|Passion makes idiots of the cleverest men, and makes the biggest idiots clever.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you do not ask questions, how can you find the answers you seek?
Joan Reardon, As Always, Julia: The Letters of Julia Child and Avis DeVoto: Food, Friendship, and the Making of a Masterpiece|You have come nearer to mastering a good many aspects of cooking than anyone except a handful of great chefs, and some day it will pay off. I know it will. You will just have to go on working, and teaching, and getting around, and spreading the gospel until it does. (Avis DeVoto to Julia Child)
Michael Simkins, Detour de France: An Englishman in Search of a Continental Education|In Paris the cashiers sit rather than stand. They run your goods over a scanner, tally up the price, and then ask you for exact change. The story they give is that there aren't enough euros to go around. "The entire EU is short on coins."And I say, "Really?" because there are plenty of them in Germany. I'm never asked for exact change in Spain or Holland or Italy, so I think the real problem lies with the Parisian cashiers, who are, in a word, lazy. Here in Tokyo they're not just hard working but almost violently cheerful. Down at the Peacock, the change flows like tap water. The women behind the registers bow to you, and I don't mean that they lower their heads a little, the way you might if passing someone on the street. These cashiers press their hands together and bend from the waist. Then they say what sounds to me like "We, the people of this store, worship you as we might a god.
Stephen Richards, Lost in Care: The True Story of a Forgotten Child|I felt like Dirty Harry, only, my weapon wasn’t as big as his! I don’t know what it is with guns, but once you’ve got your hand on one, you think you’re one of the untouchables.
Nicole Krauss, The History of Love|These things are lost to oblivion like so much about so many who are born and die without anyone taking the time to write it all down. That Litvinoff had a wife who was so devoted is, to be frank, the only reason anyone knows anything about him at all.
Karen Kain|Up against the corporate government, voters find themselves asked to choose between look-alike candidates from two parties vying to see who takes the marching orders from their campaign paymasters and their future employers. The money of vested interest nullifies genuine voter choice and trust.
Jack Kemp|Peace has its victories no less than war, but it doesn't have as many monuments to unveil.
Sahara Sanders|Every writer, of course, has very specific ideas about editors. But writers seldom get the last word on anything.
Thiruman Archunan|A man actually has two Gods. The one, created him and the other, he created. Nature is not the first God but the first God exists in and as a part of the nature; a man with the help his reason creates a God against the forces of nature that are perceived to be as threat, hence the second God. The second God is the property of an individual mind that created it. A child has no reason and hence it has no second God; but it has the first God not yet known to it because the fear is not felt by the child! The first God is felt and known due to the fear ingrained in the instinct and the second God is the surrender and prayer brought out by the reason!
Charles Caleb Colton|God made man to go by motives, and he will not go without them, any more than a boat without steam or a balloon without gas.
Jean-Paul Sartre|It vexes me when they would constrain science by the authority of the Scriptures, and yet do not consider themselves bound to answer reason and experiment.
Richard Paul Evans, The Letter|I am not a believer in love at first sight. For love, in its truest form, is not the thingof starry-eyed or star-crossed lovers, it is far more organic, requiring nurturing and timeto fully bloom, and, as such, seen best not in its callow youth but in its wrinkled maturity.Like all living things, love, too, struggles against hardship, and in the process shedsits fatuous skin to expose one composed of more than just a storm of emotion–one of loyaltyand divine friendship. Agape. And though it may be temporarily blinded by adversity,it never gives in or up, holding tight to lofty ideals that transcend this earth andtime–while its counterfeit simply concludes it was mistaken and quickly runs off tofind the next real thing.
Mortimer J. Adler, How to Read a Book: The Classic Guide to Intelligent Reading|...I guess I can put two and two together.""Sometimes the answer's four," I said, "and sometimes it's twenty-two...
Tom Rath|When you're in a relationship you want it to work. My parents did, I did. But we are not taught how to make it work.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurosutra: The Abhijit Naskar Collection|It's better not to hold your feelings inside too much and express them to a dear one freely, than to pay thousands of dollars to a psychiatrist for the same outburst of emotions later. Emotions are a bonding mechanism for humans. So, use ‘em, abuse ‘em and utilize ‘em.
Jack Campbell, The Hidden Masters of Marandur|Alain gazed at the old road, his expression uncharacteristically somber. "The Emperors believe they have the power to force their illusions on all others. This is part of that. The road itself is declared dead, never to be used, and no one dares dispute the Imperial will." "Not much better that the Great Guilds, is it?""No I do not think so. When you seek allies among the commons, Mari, I believe you should look to those who do not blindly accept the authority of their leaders.""Too much failure to accept authority and you end up with anarchy, like in Tiae," Mari pointed out."That is so," Alain agreed. "But as you told your elder, there is much that lies between total control and anarchy. The leaders of our Guilds and the rulers of the Empire would have us believe that only those two extremes exist, but I have been among the free cities and you have been in the confederation. Their governing systems are not perfect, but they work while still allowing their people freedom.""Freedom?" Mari turned to Alain, surprised. "I've never heard you use that word. Hardly anybody uses it.""I was taught that freedom is an illusion, only one more illusion which distracts from the path of wisdom." A flare of some deep emotion showed in Alain's eyes. "But I have felt freedom, Mari, as I walked the road beside you, and I know it is no illusion. The will of the Great Guilds, of the Emperor, those things are illusions, and their images will not endure.
Debasish Sinha|Be together, in the moment of, enjoy each other, love each other, support each other, until the next time...Life is too short.
Anne Ursu, The Real Boy|When I was younger, my mom loved to garden. But the flowers would never grow. She just kept trying.''I don't understand.''Because you can't.''What does this have to do with anything?'I don't fiddle with my fingers and there's no apology on the tip of my tongue when I say, 'I am my mother's son.
Pete Wentz, Gray|I'm an insomniac, my mind works the night shift.
Rebecca Solnit|Yes, people of both genders pop up at events to hold forth on irrelevant things and conspiracy theories, but the out-and-out confrontational confidence of the totally ignorant is, in my experience, gendered. Men explain things to me, and other women, whether or not they know what they're talking about.
Jennifer Mathieu, The Truth About Alice|You realize you've forgiven people, your past and yourself when you don't speak bad about them anymore, even if you're encouraged to do so, even if you remember you were once brutally broken because of them... you just move on, let go, let them be and let yourself be...
Mika|If you invent something, you're doing a creative act. It's like writing a novel or composing music. You put your heart and soul into it, and money. It's years of your life, it's your house remortgaged, huge emotional investment and financial investment.
Barnett Newman|Words travel as swiftly as desire, so it is possible to send a message of love without them.
A.A. Milne|Always watch where you are going. Otherwise, you may step on a piece of the Forest that was left out by mistake.
Virginia Alison, Heaven Scent|Insanity, thy name is woman
Evita Ochel|Until you realize how easily it is for your mind to be manipulated, you remain the puppet of someone else's game.
Shauna Niequist, Bittersweet: Thoughts on Change, Grace, and Learning the Hard Way|There are times when the actual experience of leaving something makes you wish desperately that you could stay, and then there are times when the leaving reminds you a hundred times over why exactly you had to leave in the first place.
Paul J. Meyer|Today my goal is to be more productive than I was yesterday, and tomorrow more productive than today.
Lurlene McDaniel, Hit and Run|For as long as the world spins and the earth is green with new wood, she will lie in this box and not in my arms.
Jasmine Kiyani|I tried to gather all the pieces… I picked each one and fixed them so perfectly. No one could say that I was broken once but they saw my hands, lacerated by the splinters of my heart…
Maria Grazia Swan, Ashes of Autumn|Asif Ali maneuvers the gleaming Mercedes down the labyrinthine lanes of Old Kolkata with consummate skill, but his passengers do not notice how smoothly he avoids potholes, cows and beggars, how skilfully he sails through aging yellow lights to get the Bose family to their destination on time. This disappoints Asif only a little. In his six years of chauffeuring the rich and callous, he has realized that, to them, servants are invisible.
Walter Lord, Incredible Victory: The Battle of Midway|No, we are not defeated; we are simply disobedient! It might be good if we stopped using the terms 'victory' and 'defeat' to describe our progress in holiness. Rather we should use the terms 'obedience' and 'disobedience.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|You not only are hunted by others, you unknowingly hunt yourself.
Julianna Margulies|My mother encouraged it so much. She was so supportive. Even if as a kid, I would do the dumbest trick, which now that I look back on some things, she would love it, she would say that's amazing, or if I'd make the ugliest drawing, she would hang it up. She was amazing.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|Everyone in the organizations is very important. From the sweeper to the security officer; from the messenger to the manager, everyone doing well at his post is a leader. The organization becomes a leading one when it’s made up of people leading in their roles.
Erin Hunter|And then there were cats, thought Dog. He'd surprised the huge ginger cat from next door and had attempted to reduce it to cowering jelly by means of the usual glowing stare and deep-throated growl, which had always worked on the damned in the past. This time they had earned him a whack on the nose that had made his eyes water. Cats, Dog considered, were clearly a lot tougher than lost souls. He was looking forward to a further cat experiment, which he planned would consist of jumping around and yapping excitedly at it. It was a long shot, but it just might work.
Jennie Finch|My mom, through my dad, rented the apartment next door to his... he had the lease on both places. But then, she would dress up and act like his maid... a practical maid. No fantasies.
Mark Foley|At AT&T, I learned an awful lot about people, and how important it is to have the right people in the right jobs. And when I say 'right people,' I'm not talking about their college degree or work history; I'm talking about things like bearing - How does this person interact with other people? Can he or she talk to you and not tick you off?
Neil Gaiman, Stardust|I always had a repulsive need to be something more than human. I felt very puny as a human. I thought, 'Fuck that. I want to be a superhuman.
Anaïs Nin, The Diary of Anaïs Nin, Vol. 5: 1947-1955|Then I realized the vital necessity of art. Human life, yes, you nurse people, you clean house, you market, but then comes the moment of solace and flight. i sit and write and summon other friends, other forms of life, other experiences, and the voyage and the exploration, the delving into character, the vast expanse of life's possibilities and potentialities, contemplation of future travels, of dazzling friendships, all this then makes the chores and the sacrifices beautiful because they are diverted toward some beautiful aim, they become part of the structure of a work of art.
Alexander Pushkin, Eugene Onegin|It's a hard case,' said Paul. 'First, I'm twenty. That means I'm very nervous and ill-at-ease with women. Second, I'm twenty. I have all my life before me, and frankly the prospect often appals me. Thirdly, I'm twenty, and I'm in love with Anna and my heart is breaking.
Carlo Rovelli, La realtà non è come ci appare: La struttura elementare delle cose|The atoms of our body, as well, flow in and away from us. We, like waves and like all objects, are a flux of events; we are processes, for a brief time monotonous
Anna Santos, Soul-Mate|When I arrived at her door, with the weight of the entire world on my shoulders, she drew me into her arms and eased all my stress away. She comforted and spent time with me when she didn’t have to. She didn’t know me at all, had no idea who I was or what I intended for her, whether passion or pain. But her heart led her forward, that beautiful heart I wanted for myself. So when the moment came to kiss her, as we stood in the water at the beach, I seized it like a desperate man. I was a mad one on the edge of insanity and she was the tonic I needed.
Coretta Scott King|I was a weedy kid, not like one of those working-class men who can accommodate not being academically clever by physical strength and prowess.
Lydia Maria Francis Child, The American Frugal Housewife: Dedicated to Those Who Are Not Ashamed of Economy|Only you can change yourself, no one else can.
Eric Robert Morse, The Economic Theory of Sex: Industrialism, Feminism, and the Disintegration of the Family|A notable politician once said that it takes a village to raise a child. She forgot that it takes a family to raise a village. And the destruction of the family, largely due to policies and movements that she supports, has razed the village to the ground.
George MacDonald|Learn from the past, look to the future, but live in the present.
Huey P. Newton|There's one hole in every revolution, large or small. And it's one word long— PEOPLE. No matter how big the idea they all stand under, people are small and weak and cheap and frightened. It's people that kill every revolution.
Charlotte Brontë, Jane Eyre|Ash held one finger up. "OK. Now li
Kristina Howells|Many young people are still driven to art, as in olden times. Most of them are driven by their parents, who know nothing about art—only that it exists.
Tove Jansson, Finn Family Moomintroll|By morning I was worn out. My limbs felt heavy as wood, my head cottony. I might've felt better if I hadn't slept at all.
Reggie Joiner, The Think Orange: Imagine the Impact When Church and Family Collide...|Our fights should really be for the mission of the church and the mission of the family instead of trying to have bigger churches or better families. When it comes to entities that god has created specifically to make disciples and accomplish His mission (of influencing a generation to have a stronger, deeper, and more authentic relationship with God), there is the church...the family...and nothing else.
Paul Auster, The New York Trilogy|In the good mystery there is nothing wasted, no sentence, no word that is not significant. And even if it is not significant, it has the potential to be so - which amounts to the same thing. The world of the book comes to life, seething with possibilities, with secrets and contradictions. Since everything seen or said, even the slightest, most trivial thing, can bear a connection to the outcome of the story, nothing must be overlooked. Everything becomes essence; the center of the book shifts with each event that propels it forward. The center, then, is everywhere, and no circumference can be drawn until the book has come to its end.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|As husband and wife, to have a happy life together, you must have confidence and respect, and you must have substantial agreement in your faith.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Whatever you possess as an advantage over others, must be meticulously executed to produce desired results and progress.
Richard B. Lee, The Dobe Ju/'Hoansi|We are not quite conscious of the reason for our disdain when we refer to the illiterate past as wallowing in ignorance... What divides us from them is the column of print. Theirs was a total culture involving all the senses, while ours is a culture concentrated in the literate eye.
Christopher Dines, Mindfulness Burnout Prevention: An 8-Week Course for Professionals|Maybe (Taoist story)A classic ancient story illustrates the importance of equanimity and emotional resilience beautifully. Once upon a time, there was a wise old farmer who had worked on the land for over 40 years. One morning, while walking to his stable, he noticed that his horse had run away. His neighbours came to visit and sympathetically said to the farmer, “Such bad luck”.“Maybe,” the farmer replied. The following morning, however, the horse returned, bringing with it three other wild horses. “Such good luck,” the neighbours exclaimed.“Maybe,” the farmer replied. The following afternoon, his son tried to ride one of the untamed horses and was thrown off, causing him to break his leg. The neighbours came to visit and tried to show sympathy and said to the farmer, “how unfortunate”. “Maybe,” answered the farmer. The following morning military officials came to the farmer’s village to draft young men into the army to fight in a new war. Observing that the farmer’s son’s leg was broken, they did not draft him into the war. The neighbours congratulated him on his good luck and the farmer calmly replied, “Maybe”.
Melissa de la Cruz, Revelations|Bet you can't even name one romantic movie you like," she teased.She felt smug when a few minutes went by and Oliver was still unable to name one romantic movie he could profess to enjoy.The Empire Strikes Back," Oliver finally declared, tapping his horn at a Prius that wandered over the line.The Empire Strikes Back? The Star Wars movie? That's not romantic!" Schuyler huffed, fiddling with the air conditioner controls.Au contraire, my dear, it's very romantic. The last scene, you know, when they're about to put Han in that freezing cryogenic chamber or whatever? Remember?"Schuyler mmm-hmmmed.And Leia leans over the ledge and says, 'I love you.'"That's cheesy, not romatic," Schuyler argued, although she did like that part.Let me explain. What's romantic is what Han says back. Remember what he says to her? After she says 'I love you'?"Schuyler grinned. Maybe Oliver had a point. "Han says, 'I know.'"Exactly," Oliver tapped the wheel. "He doesn't have to say anything so trite as 'I love you." Because that's already understood. And that's romantic.
Kristin Cashore|The feeling that she was going to explode, that she was too big for her own skin.
Max Monroe, Scoring the Billionaire|Most times, even if giving your heart away ends in heartbreak, the risk was still worth it. Sometimes, that risk gives you little miracles. and sometimes, that risk gives you life lessons that allow you to grow and learn more about yourself.
J. Valor, Salome|Wouldn't if be nice if our government, could make things beautiful because everybody cares!
Edward St. Aubyn, Mother's Milk|It’s too late now. The game’s been won by companies who don’t give two shits about community character or decent jobs. Congratufuckinglations, America! We did the deal. Now we’ve got an unlimited supply of cheap commodities and unhealthy food and crumbling downtowns, no sense of place, and a permanent under class. Yay. The underclass isn’t relegated to urban ghettos either. It’s coast to coast and especially in between. Take US 50 west from Kansas City to Sacramento or US 6 from Chicago to California and you’ll see a couple thousand miles of corn, soybeans, and terminally ill towns. It looks like a scene from The Walking Dead. If there’s such a thing as the American Heartland, it has a stake through it.
Leon Black|In the long run, with profits from piracy greater than international finance mobilised to solve the problem, we can expect piracy to increase geographically and in sophistication.
Faith Sullivan, Unexpected|Michelle, I think it's time you came back to New York with me.
David Kelley|Consciously or not, we feel and internalize what the space tells us about how to work. When you walk into most offices, the space tells you that it's meant for a group of people to work alone. Closed-off desks sprout off of lonely hallways, and in a few obligatory conference rooms a huge table ensures that people are safely separated from one another.
Elizabeth Wurtzel|I'm not the most romantic guy, although I do try.
Josh Homme|Good governance, safety, a chance to grow economically and professionally - those are important things.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|The solution to our human frailty is not to try harder, but to turn Godward.
Guru Nanak|My mother always used to say, 'Well, if you had been born a little girl growing up in Egypt, you would go to church or go to worship Allah, but surely if those people are worshipping a God, it must be the same God' - that's what she always said. The same God with different names.
Arthur Schnitzler, Selected Short Fiction|Oh, we do not understand death, we never understand it; creatures are only truly dead when everyone else has died who knew them.
Carroll Bryant|Cool people are only cool for the first thirty minutes of knowing them. After that, they just become annoying.
Cobi Jones|I'd come out of the army after five years as a medic. I was a medical administrator and we ran hospitals, and I was a Captain in the army at the end, in 1945.
Shana Norris, The Boyfriend Thief|Stains tell a story,” Zac said, waving his arms as he spoke. “My car is full of random stains.
Dimebag Darrell|Taught from infancy that beauty is woman's sceptre, the mind shapes itself to the body, and roaming round its gilt cage, only seeks to adorn its prison.
Zig Ziglar|Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph. Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be. If we do our best, we are a success.
RJ Arkhipov|This is my favorite time of day. When the sun is setting and the last of its fiery fingers caress the water line before relinquishing their hold to the darkness of the night. And I can watch as the stars pop out, one by one, to pinprick the sky with their silvery light.
Sophocles, Electra|There are no hopeless situations, sweetheart, only people who have grown hopeless about them. You still have choices you can make.
Leonard Wibberley|I made the valuable discovery that practicing wasn't a matter of time at all. It was a matter of intensity. Five minutes spent working consciously and hard at the elimination of an error, was worth five hours just playing away ignoring errors as if they hadn't happened.
Robert Mankoff|There's public humor, and there's private humor, and they're all appropriate in their own way, and you shouldn't - just as you wouldn't have a megaphone and say certain things that you would say around your friends - things that are perfectly all right within your close social group with whom you share a certain context.
Beth Mikell, Hex upon Me|Do you play cards?”Her lips tingled from the light kiss, “In theory. Why? Do you have a hankering for Old Maid?” She teased, flashing him a smile.He placed his glass down and reached for an intricate metal crafted box. “Not even close. How about a little strip poker?
Jacqueline Novogratz|I look for my opportunities, not trying to go outside of my genuine realm, because leadership has to be genuine and authentic.
John Travolta|A miracle... my biggest accomplishment is my marriage so far. Because it's hard, everyone knows it's hard.
S.R. Crawford, From My Suffering: 25 Ways to Break the Chains of Anxiety, Depression & Stress|Stop shying away from people. If you actually took a moment to listen to what they have to say, they might just say something that will change your life.
Faraaz Kazi|Politics is clearly a not so happening topic in our young blood. I could clearly see many students yawning. Some might have been discussing the new Shakira video amongst themselves, the one shown on MTV these days. Bloody donkeys, if it was a porno movie featuring an interracial orgy, their eyes might have ogled out and ears might have become sensitive to the oohs and aahs but not for causes of the nation. Hrmpf …youth power indeed!
Aditi Khorana, The Library of Fates|Maybe those stories did more harm than good by giving us false hope. All they did was reinforce our faith that the world was once made up almost entirely of magic or miracles. But where was that magic now, when we needed it?
Thomas Aquinas|Creator of all things, true source of light and wisdom, origin of all being, graciously let a ray of your light penetrate the darkness of my understanding. Take from me the double darkness in which I have been born, an obscurity of sin and ignorance. Give me a keen understanding, a retentive memory, and the ability to grasp things correctly and fundamentally. Grant me the talent of being exact in my explanations and the ability to express myself with thoroughness and charm. Point out the beginning, direct the progress, and help in the completion.
Rick Yancey, The Infinite Sea|Although the surface of our planet is two-thirds water, we call it the Earth. We say we are earthlings, not waterlings. Our blood is closer to seawater than our bones to soil, but that's no matter. The sea is the cradle we all rocked out of, but it's to dust that we go. From the time that water invented us, we began to seek out dirt. The further we separate ourselves from the dirt, the further we separate ourselves from ourselves. Alienation is a disease of the unsoiled.
Pope Benedict XVI, God Is Love: Encyclical Letter of Pope Benedict XVI|The State which would provide everything, absorbing everything into itself, would ultimately become a mere bureaucracy incapable of guaranteeing the very thing which the suffering person—every person—needs: namely, loving personal concern. We do not need a State which regulates and controls everything, but a State which, in accordance with the principle of subsidiarity, generously acknowledges and supports initiatives arising from the different social forces and combines spontaneity with closeness to those in need. The Church is one of those living forces.
Robert Frost|GATHERING LEAVESSpades take up leavesNo better than spoons,And bags full of leavesAre light as balloons.I make a great noiseOf rustling all dayLike rabbit and deerRunning away.But the mountains I raiseElude my embrace,Flowing over my armsAnd into my face.I may load and unloadAgain and againTill I fill the whole shed,And what have I then?Next to nothing for weight,And since they grew dullerFrom contact with earth,Next to nothing for color.Next to nothing for use.But a crop is a crop,And who's to say whereThe harvest shall stop?
K.M.Docherty, ManHandling|When you make things too easy on someone, you’re giving them a discount on your worth; and this causes them to regard you as inferior.
Lisa Daily, Single-Minded|It’s like I’m suddenly a hormonally charged teenager or living in a bad romance novel: I suddenly can’t stop myself from noticing every man around me. Which means that Darcy, Samantha, and Michael are probably right. Plus, there was that disturbing dream about Voldemort this morning. I need to lose my gay-husband virginity before I lose my mind entirely. I need to find someone to sleep with me. And the fact that I don’t have the faintest idea how to make that happen is just further proof that it needs to.—SINGLE-MINDED
Zechariah Barrett, Beyond Chivalry|Leor smiled. “Merci, Monsieur Rusé.”	“De rien.” Jean replied, and then he checked his watch. “Our flight will be leaving soon. Are you ready for that adventure? Can you brave the terrors of second class?”	Leor laughed. “It depends if I get the window seat.
Jeffrey Steingarten, It Must've Been Something I Ate: The Return of the Man Who Ate Everything|It has now been many months, at the present writing, since I have had a nourishing meal, but I shall soon have one—a modest, private affair, all to myself. I have selected a few dishes, and made out a little bill of fare, which will go home in the steamer that precedes me, and be hot when I arrive—as follows:Radishes. Baked apples, with creamFried oysters; stewed oysters. Frogs.American coffee, with real cream.American butter.Fried chicken, Southern style.Porter-house steak.Saratoga potatoes.Broiled chicken, American style.Hot biscuits, Southern style.Hot wheat-bread, Southern style.Hot buckwheat cakes.American toast. Clear maple syrup.Virginia bacon, broiled.Blue points, on the half shell.Cherry-stone clams.San Francisco mussels, steamed.Oyster soup. Clam Soup.Philadelphia Terapin soup.Oysters roasted in shell-Northern style.Soft-shell crabs. Connecticut shad.Baltimore perch.Brook trout, from Sierra Nevadas.Lake trout, from Tahoe.Sheep-head and croakers, from New Orleans.Black bass from the Mississippi.American roast beef.Roast turkey, Thanksgiving style.Cranberry sauce. Celery.Roast wild turkey. Woodcock.Canvas-back-duck, from Baltimore.Prairie liens, from Illinois.Missouri partridges, broiled.'Possum. Coon.Boston bacon and beans.Bacon and greens, Southern style.Hominy. Boiled onions. Turnips.Pumpkin. Squash. Asparagus.Butter beans. Sweet potatoes.Lettuce. Succotash. String beans.Mashed potatoes. Catsup.Boiled potatoes, in their skins.New potatoes, minus the skins.Early rose potatoes, roasted in the ashes, Southern style, served hot.Sliced tomatoes, with sugar or vinegar. Stewed tomatoes.Green corn, cut from the ear and served with butter and pepper.Green corn, on the ear.Hot corn-pone, with chitlings, Southern style.Hot hoe-cake, Southern style.Hot egg-bread, Southern style.Hot light-bread, Southern style.Buttermilk. Iced sweet milk.Apple dumplings, with real cream.Apple pie. Apple fritters.Apple puffs, Southern style.Peach cobbler, Southern stylePeach pie. American mince pie.Pumpkin pie. Squash pie.All sorts of American pastry.Fresh American fruits of all sorts, including strawberries which are not to be doled out as if they were jewelry, but in a more liberal way.Ice-water—not prepared in the ineffectual goblet, but in the sincere and capable refrigerator.
Ben Aaronovitch, Broken Homes|All the same,' said the Scarecrow,'I shall ask for brains instead of a heart; for a fool would not know what to do with a heart if he had one.''I shall take the heart,' returned the Tin Woodman,'for brains do not make one happy, and happiness is the best thing in the world.
Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason|The difficulty of learning the dead languages does not arise from any superior abstruseness in the languages themselves, but in their being dead, and the pronunciation entirely lost. It would be the same thing with any other language when it becomes dead. The best Greek linguist that now exists does not understand Greek so well as a Grecian plowman did, or a Grecian milkmaid; and the same for the Latin, compared with a plowman or a milkmaid of the Romans; and with respect to pronunciation and idiom, not so well as the cows that she milked. It would therefore be advantageous to the state of learning to abolish the study of the dead languages, and to make learning consist, as it originally did, in scientific knowledge.
Ralph Waldo Emerson, Self-Reliance|I am ashamed to think how easily we capitulate to badges and names, to large societies and dead institutions.
Avijeet Das|For if you succeed in making this girl laugh, if you make her laughter ring in the air like a fountain of silver coins cascading to the floor, you will win her heart forever.
Jack London|Guys care about sports teams. I'm not talking about simply rooting; I'm talking about a relationship that guys develop, a commitment to a sport team that guys take way more seriously than, for example, wedding vows.
Sharon Creech, The Great Unexpected|Lizzie said that if you imagined you were standing on the moon, looking down on the earth, you wouldn't be able to see the itty-bitty people racing around worrying you wouldn't see the barn falling in or the cow stuck in the pond; you wouldn't see the mean Granger kids squirting mustard on your white dress. You would see the most beautiful blue oceans and green lands, and the whole earth would look like a giant blue-and-green marble floating in the sky. Your worries would seem so small, maybe invisible.
Dada Bhagwan|That which is external, it is instrumental (naimitik); it is relative and it is perishable [destructive]. Instrumental means no one has a say in it. One’s actions are not of his own free will; he is under the control of external power. So on what basis do you need to object? Sooner or later you will have to become free from objections.
Jawed Karim|The films that have influenced me most are: 'The Hustler', 'Badlands', 'Hud', 'Tender Mercies', 'Cool Hand Luke', 'A Perfect World', and 'Laurence of Arabia'. I also really like 'Fletch'. I feel like all of these films reached an honest place in regard to the human condition while also stringing together really entertaining stories.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With the greatest force within, you can go farther.
Silvia Federici|As Dalla Costa put it, women's unpaidlabor in the home has been the pillar upon which the exploitation of the waged workers, "wage slavery," has been built, and the secret of ies productivity (1972:31). Thus, the power differential between women and men in capitalist societry cannot be attributed to the irrelevance of housework for capitalist accumulation - an irrelevance belied by the strict rules that have governed women's lives - nor CO the survival of timeless cultural schemes. Rather, it should be interpreted as the effect of a social system of production that does not recognize the production and reproduction of the worker as a social-economic activity. and a source of capital accumulation, but mystifies it instead as a natural resource or a personal service, willie profiting from the wageless conclition of the labor involved.
Ian McEwan, Atonement|They were beyond the present, outside time, with no memories and no future. There was nothing but obliterating sensation, thrilling and swelling, and the sound of fabric on fabric and skin on fabric as their limbs slid across each other in this restless, sensuous wrestling. ... They moved closer, deeper and then, for seconds on end, everything stopped. Instead of an ecstatic frenzy, there was stillness. They were stilled not by the astonishing fact of arrival, but by an awed sense of return - they were face to face in the gloom, staring into what little they could see of each other's eyes, and now it was the impersonal that dropped away.
Ash Gray, The Thieves of Nottica|Yeah, I’m listenin’,” Morganith answered, “and Arda once told me pregnant Alteri women can see what might come to pass, not what will come to pass. What they see is just what people chose to do of their own shitty free will, not what they were forced to do by some gods.
Dragos Bratasanu, Ph.D., The Pursuit of Dreams: Claim Your Power, Follow Your Heart, and Fulfill Your Destiny|When your pockets are empty, go where your heart is full.
H.P. Lovecraft|The most merciful thing in the world, I think, is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents... some day the piecing together of dissociated knowledge will open up such terrifying vistas of reality, and of our frightful position therein, that we shall either go mad from the revelation or flee from the light into the peace and safety of a new Dark Age.
Douglas Adams|I think of us as a people who inoculate ourselves against a plague of insanity with a powerful anti-idiotic called science fiction. I think sf is a literature which by its very nature requires that you be at least a little sane, that you know at least a little something. You must abdicate the right to be ignorant in order to enjoy science fiction, which most people are unwilling to do; and you must learn, if not actually how to think things through, at least what the trick looks like when it's done. Frequent injections will keep a lot of madness away.
Mango Wodzak, The Eden Fruitarian Guidebook|Oppressed peoples are always being asked to stretch a little more, to bridge the gap between blindness and humanity.
Samuel Johnson, The History of Rasselas, Prince of Abissinia|Integrity without knowledge is weak and useless, and knowledge without integrity is dangerous and dreadful.
James Rozoff, The Association|We do not know what it's like to be a bat, we do not know what it's like to be in coma. we can't even say that we know what it's like to be sleeping. We can say what it's like to be restored to consciousness after sleeping. If there are no dreams during our sleep then the sleeping life is an empty life. We might say of such a life that it's not like being anything. We protect that life on the assumption that come the morning its normal functions will be restored. Suppose it was the case however that such functions were only restored every two days... every eight days... twice a year but only briefly. I assume the point is clear. Actions that end life are irretrievable. If we are mistaken at that point there is no going back.
Derek Landy, Mortal Coil|It's not that I want you to go, it's just that I don't want you to stay." - China Sorrows -
David Brier|Evidently, one thing seems to have more value in direct proportion to whether or not we feel we have the freedoms, joys or conveniences of that thing.
Amy E. Mason, 365 Pocket Prayers for Women: Guidance and Wisdom for Each New Day|God, You direct my steps. Although the path may lead me through dark valleys or appear to take unnecessary detours, I believe that one day I will look back and discover that your way was perfect. I put my future in your hands.
|Not too many people could walk a mile in your shoes. Only you know your struggles, challenges and obstacles; so be proud of how far you have come.
Ron Paul|Freedom is not defined by safety. Freedom is defined by the ability of citizens to live without government interference. Government cannot create a world without risks, nor would we really wish to live in such a fictional place. Only a totalitarian society would even claim absolute safety as a worthy ideal, because it would require total state control over its citizens’ lives. Liberty has meaning only if we still believe in it when terrible things happen and a false government security blanket beckons.
Akiroq Brost|You've got to be able to look at the mirror and smile at yourself. If you can't do that, you've got work to do. You have to learn to get along with yourself, to like yourself, to be proud of yourself. You've got to learn to celebrate yourself. You need to be able to love yourself before you can ever appreciate anyone else who does. You're worth it. Put the work in to have the best relationship with yourself that's possible.
Mac Canoza|WORSHIP IS ACTION.""Worship is not lazy, boring and sad.Worship is zealous, famous and joyful.
John Witherspoon|In every tyrant's heart there springs in the end this poison, that he cannot trust a friend.
Amy Jarecki, Rise of a Legend|He inclined his head toward a fallen log. "Come. Let us break our fast."	She pushed the heels of her hands against her temples as if she had an ache in her head. "I need a cup of coffee."	William sat on a log. "What is this ye say ... coffee?"	She looked at him and arched one brow as if she considered him daft. "It's a hot drink that helps me wake up in the morning."	"But ye are already awake.
Rasmenia Massoud, Human Detritus|When I walked into the room, I looked down to the floor and saw that each and every garment I owned had been pulled from its rightful place and had been meticulously sliced into countless pieces. One thing was painfully obvious to me: these clothes were symbolic of me; they represented my body.What you really wanted was to slice me into countless pieces.
Gail Tsukiyama, The Street of a Thousand Blossoms|Me, I'm living under a sword too, as Jack may have told you. An old wino's disease, which could lay me in the grave most anytime. Not that I mind too much; I've done everything I ever wanted to do. But ... as you know, one would like to continue doing the good things over and over again, so long as there's pleasure in it.
Stephanie Klein, Straight Up and Dirty|If another man wanted me, I was valuable. I was esteemed, no matter that it wasn't self-esteem.
Heraclitus, Fragments|All that evening Nell sat alone in her bedroom trembling with curious satisfaction. For punishment Eva had been sent to her room without supper and Nell sat listening now to the even, steady sobs far off down the hall. It was dark and on the river shore a night bird tried its note cautiously against the silence. Down in the pantry, the dishes done, Suse and Jessie, dark as night itself, drank coffee by the great stove and mumbled over stories of the old times before the War. Nell fetched her smelling salts and sniffed the frosted stopper of the flowered bottle till the trembling stopped. ("Where The Woodbine Twineth")
Yancy Lael, Soulful Skincare: The ultimate guide to radically transforming your complexion|For most of us, the most common and unfortunate side effect of skin problems is isolation. We don't want to be seen the way we look. You can hide a lot of physical flaws, but not acne. It's right there, on the first thing people notice about us - our face. And it's hard for some of us to imagine that people can see the face - the PERSON - behind the acne.
J.E. Leigh, See Before You Die: Costa Rica|We—all of us—want to feel special. We want to feel the glory that shines on us when we reach beyond our boundaries to grab at something greater, to live a heroic life, if only for a day or a week or a moment. This simple yearning is in us all, hardly recognizable, often only the merest hint that there is something more to us. This is why we seek out new places...we want to remember a somewhere that gave us the space to expand ourselves, to become a little more of who we truly are.
Loren Eiseley, The Immense Journey|When your own life is threatened, your sense of empathy is blunted by a terrible, selfish hunger for survival.
John F. Kennedy|We need money. We need hits. Hits bring money, money bring power, power bring fame, fame change the game.
Tatsuhiko Takimoto, Welcome to the N.H.K.|In actuality, there's nothing to do about a useless, recurring depression. A person could become disconsolate or angry. Even if they're enraged enough to punch something, they won't find a target. A huge organization... they wish that some huge, evil organization existed. That becomes our dream...
Timothy J. Keller|Only the man who follows the command of Jesus single-mindedly, and unresistingly lets his yoke rest upon him, finds his burden easy, and under its gentle pressure receives the power to persevere in the right way. The command of Jesus is hard, unutterably hard, for those who try to resist it. But for those who willingly submit, the yoke is easy, and the burden is light.
Douglas Rushkoff|We're very good in America at talking about stuff, often stuff to buy. We tend to talk about our iPods. We tend to talk about cars or new fads.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|Within living memory of this country, men could rape their wives: women were not seen as a separate sexual entity, with the right of refusal.
Damian Woetzel|Some people have a mistaken idea that all thoughts disappear through meditation and we enter a state of blankness. There certainly are times of great tranquility when concentration is strong and we have few, if any, thoughts. But other times, we can be flooded with memories, plans or random thinking. It's important not to blame yourself.
C.S. Lewis, Prince Caspian|Lucy's eyes began to grow accustomed to the light, and she saw the trees that were nearest her more distinctly. A great longing for the old days when the trees could talk in Narnia came over her. She knew exactly how each of these trees would talk if only she could wake them, and what sort of human form it would put on. She looked at a silver birch; it would have a soft, showery voice and would look like a slender girl, with hair blown all about her face, and fond of dancing. She looked at the oak: he would be a wizened, but hearty old man with a frizzled beard and warts on his face and hands, and hair growing out of the warts. She looked at the beech under which she was standing. Ah!- she would be the best of all. She would be a precious goddess, smooth and stately, the lady of the wood.
Catherine Fisher, Corbenic|So there was love, once. More than love. And now there is more than hate. Mortals have no words for what we gods feel. Gods have no words for such things. But love like that doesn't just disappear, does it? No matter how powerful the hate, there is always love left, underneath. Horrible, isn't it?
D.B. Reynolds, Jabril|...her gaze settling on Bush International Airport. What is it with politicians anyway, always rushing to put their name on everything? She couldn't think of a single politician who deserved his name on a sewage treatment facility, much less an airport where everyone had to look at it all the time.
R.L. Syme, The Outcast Highlander|Never mind of what your enemy thinks of you, relax and think a head of him.
Laura Benet|If the sum of living be love's fee,Tremble. You are my one eternity.
Stephen Kurniawan|There is nothing left in your right brain, and there is nothing right in your left brain..
Jenny  Lawson|Brains are like toddlers. They are wonderful and should be treasured, but that doesn’t mean you should trust them to take care of you in an avalanche or process serotonin effectively.
Rosie Thomas, Iris & Ruby|As well as remembering too little, I have seen too much
Sylvia Day, Bared to You|Are you sleeping with anyone?” The question was asked so casually it took a second to process what he’d said. I inhaled sharply. “Why is that any business of yours?” He looked at me and I saw what I’d seen the first time we’d met—tremendous power and steely control. Both of which had me taking an involuntary step back. Again. At least I didn’t fall this time; I was making progress. “Because I want to fuck you, Eva. I need to know what’s standing in my way, if anything.
Rémy de Gourmont, The Book of Masks|Everything, indeed, in a work of art should be unedited,--and even the words, by the manner of grouping them, of shaping them to new meanings,--and one often regrets having an alphabet familiar to too many half-lettered persons.
David Levithan, The Lover's Dictionary|I told her about the time that I got so tired of you stealing the sheets that in my sleep-weary logic I decided that the thing to do was to tie them around my legs, knot and all, and how, when you attempted to steal them that night, you ended up yanking me into you, and I was so startled that I sprang up, tripped, and was nearly concussed.
Marshall McLuhan, War and Peace in the Global Village|Why should we tolerate a diet of weak poisons, a home in insipid surroundings, a circle of acquaintances who are not quite our enemies, the noise of motors with just enough relief to prevent insanity? Who would want to live in a world which is just not quite fatal?
Madonna Ciccone|Sweden is a small country and, well, our family's pretty prominent in that world, I guess. And I really didn't like the sound of just being 'the fourth acting Skarsgard.'
Simon Shroud|For a second, my hand touched yours, but that second is gone, and cannot be seen, heard or felt ever again. This second is gone, too, the moment in which I spoke by your side. It is dead. Let it die.
Letty Cottin Pogrebin, Deborah, Golda, and Me: Being Female and Jewish in America|When men are oppressed, it's a tragedy. When women are oppressed, it's tradition.
Ronald Reagan|My mother told me two things constantly. One was to be a lady and the other was to be independent, and the law was something most unusual for those times because for most girls growing up in the '40s, the most important degree was not your B.A. but your M.R.S.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Eena, The Return of a Queen|Don’t simply exist in this world, but grasp life’s potential by the jacket. Dare it to be all it can. Make life historical—a gripping account of accomplishment. Make life a mystery—a challenging, bold adventure. Make life heartfelt—an enduring, poetic romance. Whatever it is you make of your world, live the fairytale.
C.S. Lewis, A Grief Observed|Bridge-players tell me that there must be some money on the game 'or else people won't take it seriously'. Apparently it's like that. Your bid - for God or no God, for a good God or the Cosmic Sadist, for eternal life or nonentity - will not be serious if nothing much is staked on it. And you will never discover how serious it was until the stakes are raised horribly high, until you find that you are playing not for counters or for sixpences but for every penny you have in the world.
William Shakespeare, As You Like It|We face up to awful things because we can't go around them, or forget them. The sooner you say 'Yes, it happened, and there's nothing I can do about it,' the sooner you can get on with your own life. You've got children to bring up. So you've got to get over it. What we have to get over, somehow we do. Even the worst things.
Sayo Masuda|Also, vampires don't eat food. You never get to eat chocolate again. Ever. I'd rather die.
Virginia Heffernan, Magic and Loss: The Internet as Art|We shouldn't confuse grief over the passing of our favorite technology with resentment because some digital alchemy failed to preserve analog experiences. Whether or not we admit it, the internet and its artifacts are not just like their cultural precedents. They're not even a rough translation -- or a strong misreading -- of those precedents.
Michael Benzehabe|The dead still come to me every now and then. But the lulls between are getting smaller. They are finding me somehow. I tell them why they can’t move on. I listen to their lives and talk to them if they need it. I still draw their portraits in my sketchbook, with their stories. I put Mary Summer in there too. Someone should remember.
Virginia Toole|Life lessons.... You have faced me head on and still I was reluctant to learn, I looked sideways anyway but in your eyes. I refused to see , ignored the lessons .. all too much. Guess what? Now I have no choice but to open my eyes. My very survival depends on it. I have to learn to depend on me. Finally it has clicked . I am my own knight in shining armour. ' Standing up for me!
Jim George, One-Minute Insights for Men|Obedience leads to a powerful, confident life. When you are obedient, and when you allow yourself to be led by God through the unexpected, then you have a confidence based on the fact that you know exactly where God wants you to be.
Stephanie Lahart|Tomorrow has not invited you yet, so LIVE for today! Tomorrow is near, yet so far away. Choose this day to smile, laugh, love unconditionally, and be happy within.
Joya Ryan, Chasing Trouble|One of the most elusive things about the white shark is their, uh..." His eyes moved to hers and he held them there."Their what?" she asked when he didn't finish, a bit rapt by his expression.He kept his eyes locked on her. "Their mating.""Mating," she repeated, feeling a flutter in her stomach at the way he was looking at her...then suddenly not looking at her."We don't know if individual animals spawn in a certain spot every time --- kind of like a human might go to a particular pub if she wants some action. Juan an example, mind you?She folded her arm, feeling her cheeks heat up. "Pub Uh-huh."Jeff leaned against the railing, his expression looking smug at her embarrassment. "For all we know, sharks are just, ya know, doing it everywhere.""Like the Kardasians?" ...."But who know. Maybe, if we play just the right mood music, you and I will get lucky, Sharona Blaire."Was he talking about shark reproduction... or human?And... was he flirting? Earlier, he'd gone cold and hostile when she'd tried to apologize. The man was a ball of contradiction. A very sexy, very nice-smelling contradiction."Well." She swallowed, staring in his eyes. "I'm all for getting lucky.
Holy Bible - 2 Timothy 1:7|For God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind.
Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance|It is silent, an anagram for listen. That is what I do. Listen while she remains silent.
Richard Lamm|We need to start training more primary health providers and fewer specialists. We will never be able to control health care costs unless we challenge the over-emphasis on medical research, specialists and technology and put more emphasis on delivering good, everyday basic medicine to those who now have none.
Beth Revis, A World Without You|I guess when someone's gone from your life for a while, all you think about are the big things. The big regrets, the could-have, should-haves. Or the big moments, the memories that are going to be with you forever, those life-changing moments, like first kisses and first confessions and first trusts. And you think about the lasts too: the last kiss, the last words, the last moments.
Joshua Bell|For me, architecture is the means, not the end. It's a means of making different life forms possible.
Morrissey|I can chase you, and I can catch you,but there is nothing I can do to make you mine.
Ayn Rand|Do not consider Collectivists as "sincere but deluded idealists". The proposal to enslave some men for the sake of others is not an ideal; brutality is not "idealistic," no matter what its purpose. Do not ever say that the desire to "do good" by force is a good motive. Neither power-lust nor stupidity are good motives.
Sebastian Cole, Sand Dollar: A Story of Undying Love|If someday you should ever think of me and miss me, know in your heart that I'd want you to find me once again. No matter how distant in time or space... FIND ME.
Jared Diamond, Collapse: How Societies Choose to Fail or Succeed|When we shrink from the sight of something, when we shroud it in euphemism, that is usually a sign of inner conflict, of unsettled hearts, a sign that something has gone wrong in our moral reasoning.
Donald Miller, Searching for God Knows What|It's pathetic how a man can stand by and do nothing as a whole nation cleans out the garbage and makes itself great"-Hans Junior
Chris DiSano Davenport, See the Little People...An Enchanting Adventure|I will use my special sight! I will quiet myself right here and now and I will get the answer on what to do to and create my own way out of here!” Arthur, See the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Ben Okri|This is a bad story.”“Sorry. I’m really sorry. I shouldn’t have told you.”“No, you should,” I say.“But—”“I don’t want there to be bad stories and me not know them.
Anthony Marra, A Constellation of Vital Phenomena|America's leaders should be examples of integrity and high moral standards. When their behavior evokes shame rather than pride and becomes something that we don't want to discuss in front of the children at the kitchen table, we should consider impeachment.
Dark Jar Tin Zoo, Love Quotes for the Ages. Specifically Ages 19-91.|If I could bronze my love, it’d be worthy of a silver medal. 
Compton Gage|All the labour of man is for his mouth, and yet the appetite is not filled.
Lawrence Martin, Harperland: The Politics Of Control|Had he lived some centuries ago, in the brightly coloured civilizations of the past, he would have had a definite status, his rank and his income would have corresponded. But in his day the angel of Democracy had arisen, enshadowing the classes with leathern wings, and proclaiming, "All men are equal--all men, that is to say, who possess umbrellas...
Lailah Gifty Akita|Every soul is a soul. It is the motives, deeds and actions that define the personality of each soul.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|A genuine smile is inviting, contagious, encouraging, and brings joy into the world. It instantly tells others that you are glad to see them, that they are important and you are approachable.
Hilary Flower, Adventures in Gentle Discipline: A Parent-to-Parent Guide|I want my girls to see their relationship with me as a place of refuge, a place they can retreat to for honesty, unconditional love, and support. I want to teach them and have them trust me, not fear me. I want to preserve the gentle souls that I see in them." -Liz. M.
Julia Woodman|Emotion triggers action, good or otherwise
Barbara Katz Rothman, Genetic Maps and Human Imaginations: The Limits of Science in Understanding Who We Are|Seeing race is always about discriminating, a discerning, trained eye recognizing the "essential" or defining characteristic in the individual that confers racial categorization.
John Piper|One who has unreliable friends may come to ruin, but there is a friend who sticks closer than a brother.
George Lucas|Just to get a job is always really exciting to me. I do feel there's a lot left for me to learn about movies, the subtleties of acting.
Dallin H. Oaks|She was beginning to realize people could survive most things. Not because thy were brave or strong, but because there wasn't any choice.
Edmund Burke, Reflections on the Revolution in France|Next to the bestowal of life itself, the right to direct that life is God's greatest gift to man.
J.M. Coetzee|Die Wahrheit wird nicht im Zorn gesprochen. Die Wahrheit, wenn sie denn gesprochen wird, wird im Geist der Liebe gesprochen.
Debasish Mridha|How much others love you is not very important, but how much you love yourself will define your success.
Clayton Christensen|It just seemed too weird to me. I don't know, maybe they were smoking a joint in the car downstairs from their parents' apartment. I had to go that far to put together a scenario of how they could have possibly recognized me.
Aleister Crowley, Diary of a Drug Fiend|Time,Crawling so slowly, numbing our minds,Boredom, lack of ambition, lost.Passion and it speeds along.The fire burns again.Time,Fast and filled.With passion, no matter how fast time flies away,I am content.Alive.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Mindfulness allows us to shift the angle on our story and to remember that we have the capacity to learn and change in ways that are productive, not self-defeating.
Sheikh Zayed Al Nahyan|He who does not know his past cannot make the best of his present and future, for it is from the past that we learn.
Hiroko Sakai|Believe me. Your hardship, tears and sorrows you are facing now are the training of your spirit. The strength you learn from there brings you more love and smiles in your future. Wherever you are, love all the people around you like your family. then you are not alone anymore.
Madeleine Urban, Caught Running|I was thinking of Cambridge, and then I got a bit homesick for a minute, 'cause I never been this far away from home before. But the I remember you're here, and now I'm not homesick no more.
Sarah Todd Hammer, Determination|The thought of being able to [move my arms] made me want to give up my legs [instead] since I was accustomed to using them. But, I figured that after a few hours of sitting in a wheelchair...I would switch back...in a flash.
Kevin Hart|People forget how dominant Public Enemy became in the mid '80s. No one talks about how transformative they were. And then that led to the '90s and the sort of East Coast v. West Coast stuff, which is kinda when I came of age.
Jeff Foxworthy|I was raised in a dominantly Filipino family. I didn't know I was 'mixed' until I got older and started asking questions about my grandparents, the origins of our middle and last names. We were kind of textbook Pinoys. A lot of the Filipino stereotypes that were joked about by me and my friends rang very true with my family.
Lord Byron|Sometimes a lot of us men think we are doing everything for the woman we love, but there is an aspect of a woman a man doesn't understand.
Paulo Coelho, Veronika Decides to Die|I want to continue being crazy; living my life the way I dream it, and not the way the other people want it to be.
Sophie Oak, Siren Beloved|Hey, it’s totally masculine. It’s cowboy butt sex.
Peter J. Carroll, Liber Null and Psychonaut: An Introduction to Chaos Magic|Ideas about a person's place in society, his role, lifestyle, and ego qualities will lose their hold as the cohesive forces in society disintegrate. Subculture values will proliferate to such a bewildering extent that a whole new class of professionals will arise to control them. Such a Transmutation Technology will deal in fashions, in ways of being. Lifestyle consultants will become the new priests of our civilizations. They will be the new magicians.
Alin Sav|Everytime you fall, you fly for a second.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Daring life, optimistic living.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Dandelions: The Disappearance of Annabelle Fancher|I realized at that moment - observing his form move further away without once turning back - that I’d already begun to rebuild the imaginary wall between us. I was shielding my heart with stone cold feelings again, the only way I knew to protect it. I still planned to try my hand at prayer. If God would grant me this one request, if I could keep my only friend, I would give anything in return, even the treasured books trapped beneath my arm. I’d tasted enough of a dismal life to know that a real, true friend was of greater worth than the collection of every imagined fairytale in the world.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|The goddess smiled. "You are a good hero, Percy Jackson. Not too proud. I like that. But you have much to learn. When Dionysus was made a god, I gave up my throne for him. It was the only way to avoid a civil war among the gods.""It unbalanced the Council," I remembered. "Suddenly there were seven guys and five girls."Hestia shrugged. "It was the best solution, not a perfect one. Now I tend the fire. I fade slowly into the background. No one will ever write epic poems about the deeds of Hestia. Most demigods don't even stop to talk to me. But that is no matter. I keep the peace. I yield when necessary. Can you do this?
Peter S. Beagle, The Last Unicorn|On the whole, all people are good, or at least they're normal. The frightening thing is that they can suddenly turn bad when it comes to the crunch.
George Orwell, 1984|Reality exists in the human mind, and nowhere else. Not in the individual mind, which can make mistakes, and in any case soon perishes: only in the mind of the Party, which is collective and immortal.
Idries Shah, Reflections|Sometimes the greatest thing to come out of all your hard work isn't what you GET for it, but what you BECOME for it.
William Faulkner|Read, read, read. Read everything -- trash, classics, good and bad, and see how they do it. Just like a carpenter who works as an apprentice and studies the master. Read! You'll absorb it.Then write. If it's good, you'll find out. If it's not, throw it out of the window.
Dolly Wells|Because most people are not sufficiently employed in themselves, they run about loose, hungering for employment, and satisfy themselves in various supererogatory occupations. The easiest of these occupations, which have all to do with making things already made, is the making of people: it is called the art of friendship.
Ashly Lorenzana|I almost wish I had cancer. Then I’d either beat it or die from it. But my disease, even if successfully treated, will never go away. And it might not kill me. But it will hang over me like the blade of a guillotine; more threatening inert than if the blade suddenly slips and mercifully turns out my lights. This is my war to end all wars.
Marc Marcel|People do not start off stupid, they grow to be stupid.
Brandon Sanderson, The Alloy of Law|It was the kind of terrified look that reminds you that no matter how rational or grown up a person might seem, some part of him is absolutely sure - knows - that an evil other-world exists just outside of our regular, everyday world. And that although we don't expect that world to collide with our calm, predictable one...well, really, at any moment that is exactly what might happen.
Patricia Robin Woodruff|Words drop from my lips spiraling downward; they land scattered on your ears. I spoke them green and golden, but you turned them shriveled brown.
Rachel E. Carter, Apprentice|I’m not like you. I’ve never cared about keeping relationships or sparing people’s feelings. All I’ve ever cared about is power: how to get it, and how to keep it. I told you as much when we met.
Jean Lorrain|They came to her, naturally, since she was a woman, all day long with this and that; one wanting this, another that; the children were growing up; she often felt she was nothing but a sponge sopped full of human emotions.
Daniel Cawdrey, The Saint's Will Judge the World, and Other Sermons|So, Andrew, what you are basically saying is that the theological issue regarding homosexuality boils down to a disagreement between those who think that the sodomy laws are part of Levitical code about cleanliness, holiness and ritual purity, which are not binding on Christians, and those who think that they are part of a more general moral law, which is." I guess I am. "Gee. It's so simple when you put it like that. Why didn't the Archbishop of Canterbury explain it at the beginning and save us all a lot of trouble?" I don't know. But if it turned out that he didn't think that understanding the relationship of the Old Testament to the New Testament was very important; or that he didn't think that the people in the pew really cared very much about the difference between Law and Grace, or if – if – he himself doesn't believe in it – then I would be very worried indeed.
Lee Iacocca|I am certainly not one of those who need to be prodded. In fact, if anything, I am the prod.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Patience is part of true Christlikeness, something we so often admire in others without demanding it of ourselves.
Andrea Zuvich, His Last Mistress|Tears blurred her vision as she leaned over him. His mouth was surely made for smiling. For laughing. For kissing. Grief welled up along with the feeling that he might never do any of those things again.She closed her eyes and pressed her lips to his. They were cool and unresponsive.Then they parted.She jerked back, saw his eyes flutter open.“Don’t stop now,” he whispered.
Susan Griffin, Pornography and Silence: Culture's Revenge against Nature|In this sense, we can render the false meaning of catharsis which occurs in pornography with a different meaning than the catharsis we associate with Aristotle's definition of tragedy. For in the tragedy, we weep, grieve and feel pity. We are brought to feeling, we experience both meaning and sensation at the same time, tremble in our bodies and our souls. Thus we weep over the death of Iphigenia, of Tristan and Iseult, of Madame Bovary. In experiencing these feelings, we have tapped a part of ourselves which had perhaps been quiet for some time. Which indeed, in this stillness, we were not certain was even there. Or had even forgotten. And thus, when we weep at this tragic playing out before our eyes of a drama which touches our hearts, a part of ourselves we had left in shadow comes back to us and is named and is lived. But pornographic catharsis moves from altogether different needs. For, we know, one does not weep over the death of Justine. One does not feel at all. Rather, one experiences only sensation and mastery. If there is a vulnerable part of oneself that would weep, this vulnerability is projected onto the body of a woman who is punished, and is destroyed there. And so we cease, in this projection, to recognize this vulnerability as a part of ourselves. Rather than reclaim a feeling, or own a part of ourselves once more, we disown ourselves. What pornography calls "catharsis" leads to denial and not to knowledge.
Vonnie Davis, For the Love of a Fireman|Sher just laughed, shaking her head in genuine bemusement. “Just think it through Ace. I’m sure the answer will come to you… eventually.” Jake sat there in silence, staring at the closed door to Sher’s bedroom. What had just happened here? Well, he’d just knocked back Sher’s invitation to have sex for starters. Oh my God, what had he just done?
Emi Iyalla|If careful attention is paid to the reality, we will see clearly, the real shortage is of the right skills, rather than of jobs. If the right skills are developed, the right start-ups and other enterprises will emerge and provide the jobs needed. It’s always the horse before the cart, not the other way round. At a personal level, it will require the realisation of the need for the acquisition of required skills, the discipline to pursue it and the commitment to push through. These will require a great deal of personal courage and effort. But then, the benefit will be immeasurable.
Rand Olson, Children of Promise: The Ultimate Guide to Raising Healthy Kids|Medication, surgery, and medical tests are all focused on disease, not on health. Prevention is the act of moving away from the disease. Proactivity in health is seeking a high level of wellness and acting in a way that will create that reality in your life.
Mohith Agadi|Unless you Believe in yourself, everybody see you as an ordinary stone, not Diamond.
Deyth Banger|If people ask me like who I would like to be I will say Like Larry Cohen, his movie with the Phone Booth, blowed my mind.
Douglas Adams|I find that some philosophers think that my whole approach to qualia is not playing fair. I don’t respect the standard rules of philosophical thought experiments. “But Dan, your view is so counterintuitive!” No kidding. That’s the whole point. Of course it is counterintuitive. Nowhere is it written that the true materialist theory of consciousness should be blandly intuitive. I have all along insisted that it may be very counterintuitive. That’s the trouble with “pure” philosophical method here. It has no resources for developing, or even taking seriously, counterintuitive theories, but since it is a very good bet that the true materialist theory of consciousness will be highly counterintuitive (like the Copernican theory--at least at first), this means that “pure” philosophy must just concede impotence and retreat into conservative conceptual anthropology until the advance of science puts it out of its misery. Philosophers have a choice: they can play games with folk concepts (ordinary language philosophy lives on, as a kind of aprioristic social anthropology) or they can take seriously the claim that some of these folk concepts are illusion-generators. The way to take that prospect seriously is to consider theories that propose revisions to those concepts.
Yang Wanli|Stay in the center, and you will be ready to move in any direction.
Shewanda Pugh, Crimson Footprints II: New Beginnings|...intimacy isn't something men talk about. They may talk about politics, literature, stocks, or sports, depending on the man, but about their love lives they keep silent, even to their dying breath.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Empowerment:  Soulfully Empowering You to Overcome Life's Challenges & to Achieve Your Goals|Nurture the Power & Wisdom of your Own Inner Strengths, with Good Intent.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|A great mind is just a great mind, and try not to worry too much about what package it's in.
Kate McGahan, Jack McAfghan: Return from Rainbow Bridge|In a fraction of a moment we fall in love, we break up, we live out a love story that lasts until the end of time. We are soulmates, we are adversaries, we are everything. We are nothing. We are at our fullest potential of every possibility. We are supposed to cross paths for one reason or another. Sometimes we don’t know the reason until it’s far behind us.
E. M. Cioran|If each of us were to confess his most secret desire  the one that inspires all his plans  all his actions  he would say: "I want to be praised."
Arthur C. Clarke|How inappropriate to call this planet "Earth," when it is clearly "Ocean.
Jessica Kissner|The silence of a convent at night is the silence of the grave. Too far removed from the busy world without for external sounds to penetrate the thick walls, whilst within no slamming door, nor wandering foot, nor sacrilegious voice breaks in upon the stillness, the slightest noise strikes upon the ear with a fearful distinctness. ("The Monk's Story")
Robin Wall Kimmerer, Braiding Sweetgrass: Indigenous Wisdom, Scientific Knowledge, and the Teachings of Plants|Joanna Macy writes that until we can grieve for our planet we cannot love it—grieving is a sign of spiritual health. But it is not enough to weep for our lost landscapes; we have to put our hands in the earth to make ourselves whole again. Even a wounded world is feeding us. Even a wounded world holds us, giving us moments of wonder and joy. I choose joy over despair.
Lukasz Laniecki, You Have The Right Not To Make Your Parents Proud. A Book Of Quotes|The time to build your future is in your teenage years and your 20s, but equally, in your 30s, 40s, 50s, 60s and beyond.
Iris Murdoch, The Bell|I imagine we're safe, happy, and truly in love. And I imagine that I can tell her without shame and stigma attached to my words. I imagine it because I don't know if I'll survive long enough to be able to live it.
Miranda Kenneally, Catching Jordan|Henry was right—I let everyone else's feelings affect my decisions. Screw that. I'm taking the ball and running with it. Maybe they're not my top choices, but they're choices that are good for me, choices I can live with. Some things I can't control; but some things I can. And I'm going to.
Emily Dickinson, The Complete Poems of Emily Dickinson|Water is taught by thirst;Land, by the oceans passed;Transport, by throe;Peace, by its battles told;Love, by memorial mould;Birds, by the snow.
James Patterson, Max|You seem to know a lot about it," she said. "And you do subtleties.""Yeah. Like I've always wanted to destroy the Nine Worlds while committing suicide.""Well, there's no need to be rude," protested Sif.
Louise Nurding|I love 'Criminal Minds' and have put my heart and soul into it for the last 12 years. I had hoped to see it through to the end, but that won't be possible now. I would just like to say thank you to the writers, producers, actors, our amazing crew, and, most importantly, the best fans that a show could ever hope to have.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|Your thinking has the potentiality to make you a kid or a king, in it lies your enthronement or dethronement.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|It is debatable whether blind faith is truly faith at all. Faith is the perceptive gray area where scientific facts meet an individual's experiential truths - the extreme of the former is left feeling in the dark whereas the latter is caught blinded by the light. By proper scientific method, it is intellectually dishonest for me to declare the existence of God with utmost certainty, but to my individual spirit, I would be intellectually dishonest to deny the existence of God even for a second. This leaves the best of both worlds, as the believer is called to be able to give reasons for his faith, a deviation from mere fantasy.
Zac Goldsmith|We always hear from newspapers that while people understand the environmental challenge, they are unwilling to stomach the solutions. The trouble is, we only ever hear about the solutions from the media, and for whatever reason, they are almost always caricatured beyond recognition. If there's no appetite for green, it's not surprising.
Peter Ackroyd, The Canterbury Tales: A Retelling|Women, of their nature, crave for liberty; they will not be ordered around like servants.
Julia Quinn, Romancing Mister Bridgerton|And, she was able to tell herself with some satisfaction, the man in question - one Colin Bridgerton - felt precisely the same way........His earth shook, his heart leaped, and Penelope knew without a doubt that his breath was taken away as well. For a good ten seconds.Falling off a horse tended to do that to a man.
N'Zuri Za Austin|If you say something as if it were, that isn't, is it considered a lie, or speaking it into existence?
Frances J. Roberts, Come Away My Beloved|When you choose a Guru you become a follower. When your Guru chooses you, you become a disciple
Thanhha Lai|Being stubborn won't make you fluent. Practicing will! The more mistakes you make, the more you'll learn not to.
Sunday Adelaja|Friends, are you a man according to Gods definition? Have you ever placed yourself under God’s microscopic eyes? Have you examined yourself according to his standards of judgment? Does he call you a man
Daniel Smith, Monkey Mind: A Memoir of Anxiety|...Anxiety and panic happen to be mundane phenomena, i.e., even when they are caused by extraordinary things like war and rape, they tend to occur when things are ordinary and predictable and relatively stable, against a backdrop of normal, everyday experience. This, of course, is one of the features of anxiety and panic that make them suck so bad.
Michel Houellebecq, The Elementary Particles|The world outside had its own rules, and those rules were not human.
Stephanie Pearl-McPhee, At Knit's End: Meditations for Women Who Knit Too Much| It is a peculiarity of knitters that they chronically underestimate the amount of time it takes to knit something. Birthday on Saturday? No problem. Socks are small. Never mind that the average sock knit out of sock-weight yarn contains about 17,000 stitches. Never mind that you need two of them. (That's 34,000 stitches, for anybody keeping track.) Socks are only physically small. By stitch count, they are immense.
N. E. Conneely, Witch for Hire|In the ten houses the police had scouted, I hadn't sensed anything more dangerous than a pot that prevents over-boiling.
Sigmar Gabriel|It's obvious nonsense, but it makes nice people feel good about themselves to do their bit for the planet. It's vanity of a grotesque kind to believe that mankind, and our 'carbon footprint', has more impact on the future of Earth than Nature, which bends our planet to its will, as it sees fit.
William Shakespeare, Hamlet|No one blames her.""That never matters," said Alec. "Not when you blame yourself.
A.C. Gaughen, Scarlet|When I took the pills, I wanted to kill someone I hated. I didn't know that other Veronikas existed inside me, Veronikas that I could love.
John Flanagan, The Siege of Macindaw|How does the story really go?Does she ever cross your mind?Does she ever steal your nights?Is she still a part of you?Do you ever wish she were still by your side?And what would you do?If she walked up here tomorrow And told you that she loved you?Would you drop it all and run to her?Would you tell her you love her too?Or would you simply send her home?And tell her you’ve moved on?Tell me, Buddy, what would you do?
er.teji|I am part of a minority that is deeply misunderstood. People have very confused ideas about us. Many are frightened of us. I've even heard it said that many people wouldn't want their daughters or sons to marry one of us, and I know of people who have been denied jobs or promotions because they share this trait with me. But being what I am does not make me bad; being what I am does not make me dangerous; being what I am does not mean I don't love, or hurt, or have a sense of humor. My name is Malclom Decter, and I'm here today to tell the whole world what I am. ... I am an atheist.
Honeysuckle Pear|Everyone encounters trials and tribulations, No choices, so face it! Live with it! Fight for it!
Richard J. Foster, Celebration of Discipline: The Path to Spiritual Growth|When our hearts, minds, and souls are deep within the reality of living loved, we discover that most of those "rules" from Sunday school are simply our new characteristics and our family traits. They are the fruit born of a meaningful, life-changing relationship—they are the flowers of life in the Vine.
Sunday Adelaja|WoyzeckYes, Captain, virtue! That I haven't figured out yet. I'm just a poor guy. The likes of us are wretched in this world and the next. If we ever got to heaven, we'd have to help make the thunder.
Neil Jain|The vices and moral weakness of man are not invincible: Man is perfectible, or in other words, susceptible of perpetual improvement.
La Tisha Honor, Teen Roach|The word try, means nothing. There's no such thing as trying to do something. The moment you begin a task, you're doing it. So just finish what you're doing.
Doris Lessing, The Grass is Singing|I hope you're not proposing to enslave us,' said Twoflower.Marchesa looked genuinely shocked. 'Certainly not! Whatever could have given you that idea? Your lives in Krull will be rich, full and comfortable-''Oh, good,' said Rincewind.'-just not very long.
Sōseki Natsume, And Then|According to his thinking, man was not born for a particular purpose. Quite the opposite: a purpose developed only with the birth of an individual. To objectively fabricate a purpose at the outset and to apply it to a human being was to rob him at birth of freedom of action. Hence, purpose was something that the individual had to make for himself. But no one, no matter who, could freely create a purpose. This was because the purpose of one's existence was as good as announced to the universe by the course of that existence itself.Starting from this premise, Daisuke held that one's natural activities constituted one's natural purposes. A man walked because he wanted to. Then walking became his purpose. He thought because he wanted to. Then, thinking became his purpose. Just as to walk or to think for a particular purpose meant the degradation of walking and thinking, so to establish an external purpose and to act to fulfill it meant the degradation of action. Accordingly, those who used the sum of their actions as a means to an end were in effect destroying the purpose of their own existence.
Aprilynne Pike, Illusions|Time was like that, though - racing forward when she wanted it to slow down, then crawling to a stop when she could least bear it.
Aesop|Your beliefs become your thoughts, Your thoughts become your words, Your words become your actions, Your actions become your habits, Your habits become your values, Your values become your destiny.
Nomzamo Nhlumayo|It still hurts, but life is supposed to hurt. Too many people think life is supposed to be easy and perfect all the time. But there is always some hurt. It's part of being alive. You have to accept it's a piece that every single person carries. It's what makes us human.
Joshua Bell|Ideas seem to come from everywhere - my life, everything I see, hear, and read, and most of all, from my imagination. I have a lot of imagination.
Anurag Shourie, Half A Shadow|Love is just like God. Some believe in it, some don’t. You can only feel love and that too if you are open to its existence. Likewise, an atheist cannot feel the presence of the divine because his mind is shut to the possibility of there being one.
Sara  Stark, Couillon|There might be a million wrong people in your life, but when the right one comes everything looks dark.
Neal Stephenson, Quicksilver|If money is a science, then it is a dark science...it has gone on developing...by its own rules
George Eliot, Middlemarch|Upon my word, I think the truth is the hardest missile one can be pelted with.
Ellen Gilchrist, Light Can Be Both Wave and Particle|What the mud had been doing with itself, or where it came from, who could say? But it seemed to collect in a moment, as a crowd will, and in five minutes to have splashed all the sons and daughters of Adam.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Life is a process during which one initially gets less and less dependent, independent, and then more and more dependent.
Malala Yousafzai, I Am Malala: The Story of the Girl Who Stood Up for Education and Was Shot by the Taliban|Writing a biography is a delicate—not a reckless—process, where the end result, if done properly, is simply the truth revealed. This delicate and intricate research process has never before been done for Bob Crane, a man with a story worth telling.
Sarah Dessen, Dreamland|Rogerson," I asked him sweetly as we sat watching a video in the pool house, "where would I find the pelagic zone?""In the open sea," he said. "Now shut up and eat your Junior Mints.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Thus Spoke Zarathustra|I tell you: one must still have chaos in one, to give birth to a dancing star. I tell you: you have still chaos in you.
Danielle Steel|There was a smart, sunny girl out there right now somewhere, a Ray on a trajectory that would cross his path, a girl who made sense with him. I was just as glad not to know her this very minute, but she existed, and he would run into her, and with time I would accept it.
Tania Elizabeth, The Tier of Eternal Grace: The Souls Cry|To be at peace, does not mean that you are amiss of every storm, it only means that you can find a calm within the storm.
Richard Rohr, The Divine Dance: The Trinity and Your Transformation|Knowing without loving is frankly dangerous for the soul and for society. You'll critique most everything you encounter and even have the hubris to call this mode of reflexive cynicism "thinking" (whereas it's really your ego's narcissistic reaction to the moment). You'll position things to quickly as inferior or superior, "with me" or "against me," and most of the time you'll be wrong.
James Balog|When I began writing science fiction in the middle '60s, it seemed very easy to find ideas that took decades to percolate into the cultural consciousness; now the lead time seems more like eighteen months.
Bob Uecker|I accept the Old Testament as more of an action movie: blood, car chases, evacuations, a lot of special effects, seas dividing, mass murder, adultery. The children of God are running amok, wayward. Maybe that's why they're so relatable.
Deanna Chase, Accepting Fate|As he pulls away from her, his gaze meets mine, and we stare at each other for one long moment before I slowly raise my left hand and give him the middle finger.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Real relationships are the product of time spent, which is why so many of us have so few of them.
Ali Novak, The Heartbreakers|No,” he said after a pause, “the true art of the gods is the comic. The comic is a condescension of the divine to the world of man; it is the sublime vision, which cannot be studied, but must ever be celestially granted. In the comic the gods see their own being reflected as in a mirror, and while the tragic poet is bound by strict laws, they will allow the comic artist a freedom as unlimited as their own. They do not even withhold their own existence from his sports. Jove may favor Lucianos of Samosata. As long as your mockery is in true godly taste you may mock at the gods and still remain a sound devotee. But in pitying, or condoling with your god, you deny and annihilate him, and such is the most horrible of atheisms.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Doing nothing accomplishes nothing, gains nothing, changes nothing, and wins nothing. You have to make a move.
Robert Kirkman, The Walking Dead, Vol. 01: Days Gone Bye|To me, the best zombie movies aren’t the splatter fests of gore and violence with goofy characters and tongue in cheek antics. Good zombie movies show us how messed up we are, they make us question our station in society… and our society’s station in the world. They show us gore and violence and all that cool stuff too… but there’s always an undercurrent of social commentary and thoughtfulness.
Katie McGarry, Walk the Edge|I promise I'll take care of you," he whispers. "You're safe with me." Even with an army of motorcycle guys outside that door, I firmly believe him.
Brad Pitt|I grew up on what everybody called a plantation - but believe me, it wasn't a plantation. It was just an old farm. I grew up with a lot of black people working in the fields, and it was during the Depression between 1930 and the war, so we were all poor - black and white.
Aminatta Forna, The Memory of Love|The hollowness in his chest, the tense yearning, the loneliness he braces against, every morning until he can immerse himself in work and forget. Not love. Something else, something with a power that endures. Not love, but a memory of love.
Lawrence  W. Reed|Living off others is a form of bondage—for if you take from a person his responsibility to care for himself, you also take from him the opportunity to be free.
Lisa Bedrick, Poems about Nature, Grief and Childhood|I know the moment you died,Jesus' face was smiling on you,Welcoming you into His glorious city of gold. I know you are enjoying the incredible light and peace of His presence right now
Alfred North Whitehead|The history of American agriculture suggests that you can have transformation without a master plan, without knowing all the answers up front.
Francis Spufford|We cannot know the whole truth, which belongs to God alone, but our task nevertheless is to seek to know what is true. And if we offend gravely enough against what we know to be true, as by failing badly enough to deal affectionately and responsibly with our land and our neighbors, truth will retaliate with ugliness, poverty, and disease.
Matshona Dhliwayo|A bird is born knowing how to fly, but has to learn to conquer the skies.
Rajesh Walecha|Live with radiance, dignity and strength of love.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|Men go and come, but earth abides.
Novalis, Novalis: Philosophical Writings|Humanity is the higher meaning of our planet, the nerve that connects this part of it with the upper world, the eye it raises to heaven. 
Rebecca West, Young Rebecca: Writings, 1911-1917|I myself have never been able to find out precisely what feminism is: I only know that people call me a feminist whenever I express sentiments that differentiate me from a doormat, or a prostitute.
Dannielle Wicks, Broken Sunrise|Clouds buzz by, unaware of the scary world below them. I envy them. I envy the easy way that they live and die. They never have to worry about tomorrow and what horrors or death it might bring.
David Hume, An Enquiry Concerning Human Understanding|The empiricist assumes without any evidence or proof that his experiences somehow give him a magical access to reality. So completely does he identify experience and reality that he cannot liberate himself from thinking of the two as one and the same. In equating experience and reality, he is making a huge and unwarranted leap. But this breakdown of reason is not easy for him or us to recognize because our human minds have a built-in disposition toward illusion – the illusion that reality must be exactly the way we experience it. The irony is that many of the people who proceed in this irrational way think of themselves as following strictly along the pathways of reason.
Trina Paulus|I have never, I think, wanted to 'belong' to a group whose interests were not mine, nor have I resented exclusion. Why should thet accept me? All I have ever asked is that others should go their way and let me go mine.
Chris Mentillo|Some of my greatest successes in business are simply the result of taking huge, calculated risks.
Michel de Montaigne|The truth may be out there, but lies are inside your head.
Ray N. Kuili, Awakening|Because no matter what they say, you always have a choice. You just don’t always have the guts to make it.
Tessa Dare, Twice Tempted by a Rogue|There are all kinds of courage in the world, and most of it takes place far from battlefields.
William Steig, Sylvester and the Magic Pebble|Times are not what they were, and we cannot be, either. If you sit and wish for what you want, you may not see it this side of the grave.
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart|The music is not in the notes,but in the silence between.
C. JoyBell C.|His attentive treatment of her had nothing to do with the presumption that she was weak, and everything to do with the conviction that she was valuable.
Sam Smith|Love and hate had their own secret languages, and Mark and Kieran were speaking in them now.
Charles Darwin, The Autobiography of Charles Darwin, 1809–82|...Whilst on board the Beagle I was quite orthodox, and I remember being heartily laughed at by several of the officers... for quoting the Bible as an unanswerable authority on some point of morality... But I had gradually come by this time, i.e., 1836 to 1839, to see that the Old Testament from its manifestly false history of the world, with the Tower of Babel, the rainbow at sign, &c., &c., and from its attributing to God the feelings of a revengeful tyrant, was no more to be trusted than the sacred books of the Hindoos, or the beliefs of any barbarian....By further reflecting that the clearest evidence would be requisite to make any sane man believe in the miracles by which Christianity is supported, (and that the more we know of the fixed laws of nature the more incredible do miracles become), that the men at that time were ignorant and credulous to a degree almost uncomprehensible by us, that the Gospels cannot be proved to have been written simultaneously with the events, that they differ in many important details, far too important, as it seemed to me, to be admitted as the usual inaccuracies of eyewitnesses; by such reflections as these, which I give not as having the least novelty or value, but as they influenced me, I gradually came to disbelieve in Christianity as a divine revelation. The fact that many false religions have spread over large portions of the earth like wild-fire had some weight with me. Beautiful as is the morality of the New Testament, it can be hardly denied that its perfection depends in part on the interpretation which we now put on metaphors and allegories.But I was very unwilling to give up my belief... Thus disbelief crept over me at a very slow rate, but was at last complete. The rate was so slow that I felt no distress, and have never since doubted even for a single second that my conclusion was correct. I can indeed hardly see how anyone ought to wish Christianity to be true; for if so the plain language of the text seems to show that the men who do not believe, and this would include my Father, Brother and almost all of my friends, will be everlastingly punished. And this is a damnable doctrine.
Edward Abbey, Desert Solitaire|This sweet virginal primitive land will metaphorically breathe a sigh of relief --like a whisper of wind--when we are all and finally gone and the place and its creations can return to their ancient procedures unobserved and undisturbed by the busy, anxious, brooding consciousness of man.
Craig Bruce|That's what happens nowadays with people working on computers. They can so easily fix things with their mouse and take out all the, 'Oh, somebody coughed in the background; we need to take that out' - or somebody hit a bad note. Those are all the best moments.
Ravi Ranjan Goswami|The train brings out some of the best and the worst memories of my life. I like to watch the train. It makes me sad but gives hope as well. It connects me to my family, which I abandoned many years ago. I fled away from my family and home by a train only.
Madeleine Thien, Do Not Say We Have Nothing|The present is all we have, yet it is the one thing we will never learn to hold in our hands.
Patricia Briggs, Moon Called|MS. THOMPSON, it said in heavy block letters, PLEASE KEEP YOUR FELINE OFF MY PROPERTY. IF I SEE IT AGAIN, I WILL EAT IT.
Mary Catherine Bateson, Composing a Further Life: The Age of Active Wisdom|After all, most of us have lived lives based on commitments made without any way of knowing where they would lead. The uncertainty is an essential element in commitment, the acceptance of consequences an essential element in fidelity. [p. 80]
Lailah Gifty Akita|I had rather face wild beasts and diseases than the perils of civilization."There is a proverb, which Tom was kind enough not to voice: be careful what you wish for. Unfortunately, not only did I get it, but so did those around me.
Mike Birbiglia|The hardest thing to get is true emotion. I always believe you need to earn that with the audience. You can't just tell them, 'Ok, be sad now.'
Orrin Woodward|Access to unlimited funds by a government, not surprisingly, leads to an unlimited government.
Deyth Banger, Deep Legend|I just predicted the future, Small talk = Short Term Relationships.
Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono|Speaking of luck, Isabelle Lightwood is a total babe. Actually, she's better than a babe: She's a hero. She came all the way here to tell the world you were hers. You're telling me she doesn't know another hero when she sees one? You're going to figure out what you're doing here. Isabelle Lightwood believes in you, and for what it's worth, I do too.
Chris     Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|This is how you must be. You must become as evangelical about your promised outcome as he is about his. You must believe that you, and you alone, have the solution to your prospects problems. Even if they do not recognise those problems themselves.
Denis de Rougemont, Love in the Western World|Romance only comes into existence where love is fatal, frowned upon and doomed by life itself.
Chuck Palahniuk, Choke|I know it's going to be a long wait.. But I chose to wait, even if its going to be forever..
Olavo de Carvalho|Only the subject's individual consciousness can testify for the unwitnessed acts, and there is no act more deprived of external testimony than the act of knowing.
Dinos Christianopoulos|Find that gem amongst your so-called, "friends.
Tove Jansson, Finn Family Moomintroll|The Groke looked at the hat. Then she looked at Thingumy and Bob. Then she looked at the hat again. You could see that she was thinking with all her might. Then suddenly she snatched the hat and, without a word, slithered like ann icy grey shadow into the forest. It was the last time she was seen in the Valley of the Moomins, and the last they saw of the Hobgoblin's Hat, too. At once the colors became warmer again and the garden was filled with the sounds and scents of summer.
Janet Jackson|A lot of movie stars are not great actors; they're just very good-looking. And when they start to age and they don't have the looks any more, then it's over.
Wilkie Collins|I should have looked into my own heart, and found this new growth springing up there, and plucked it out while it was young.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Even the early droplets of selfish decisions suggest a direction. Then the little inflecting rivulets come, merging into small brooks and soon into larger streams; finally one is swept along by a vast river which flows into the “gulf of misery and endless wo” (Hel. 5:12).
Azar Nafisi, Reading Lolita in Tehran|I gain nothing but pleasure from writing fiction; short stories are foreplay, novellas are heavy petting – but novels are the full monte. Frankly, if I didn't enjoy writing novels I wouldn't do it – the world hardly needs any more and I can think of numerous more useful things someone with my skills could be engaged in. As it is, the immersion in parallel but believable worlds satisfies all my demands for vicarious experience, voyeurism and philosophic calithenics. I even enjoy the mechanics of writing, the dull timpani of the typewriter keys, the making of notes – many notes – and most seducttive of all: the buying of stationery. That the transmogrification of my beautiful thoughts into a grossly imperfect prose is always the end result doesn't faze me: all novels are only a version- there is no Platonic ideal. But I'd go further still: fiction is my way of thinking about and relating to the world; if I don't write I'm not engaged in any praxis, and lose all purchase.
Stephen Daldry|One morning, just like 9/11, there's going to be a disaster. I have yet to see the United Nations do anything effective with either Iran or North Korea.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Committed: A Skeptic Makes Peace with Marriage|It was becoming evident to many that while evil grows all by itself, good can be achieved only through hard struggle and maintained only through tireless effort, ..
Nurudeen Ushawu|I don't have wings, but I believe I can fly and touch the sky.
Deyth Banger|I don’t want us to be the species that ruins it for the rest. What we do not consume we poison. Sometimes we do both. Perhaps that is how we shall end, by consuming the poisons we have created.
Susan Sarandon|When wealth is lost, nothing is lost; when health is lost, something is lost; when character is lost, all is lost.
Colin Firth|I'm happy to say that at 62, I think I've reached that point where stuff doesn't bother me as much, and my gratitude level has gone way up, especially having gone through the loss that I've had, and losing so many of the great artists that I was close to. They taught me how to see it with a grain of salt and a lot of humor and perspective.
Chris Mentillo|Ever Since I Can Remember, I Have Always Been a Huge Advocate for Women and Children.
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|The ratio of feed to flesh in chicken, the most efficient animal by this measure, is two pounds of corn to one of meat, which is why chicken costs less than beef.
Jane Austen, Sense and Sensibility: The Screenplay|She was sensible and clever, but eager in everything; her sorrows, her joys, could have no moderation.
Faraaz Kazi, Truly, Madly, Deeply|If a man cries in front of you, it doesn't mean he's weak. It means that he trusts you enough to let his guard down.
Charles M. Schulz|Look at Charlie Brown's face. Would you please hold still a minute Charlie Brown? I want Linus to study your face. Now this is what you call a failure face, Linus. Notice how it has failure written all over it. Study it carefully Linus. You rarely see such a good example. Notice the deep lines, the dull vacant look in the eyes. Yes, I would say this is one of the finest examples of a failure face that your liable to see for a long while.
Sean Covey|'Snowpiercer' is a little bit more experimental, I think, and crafted for a slightly different audience. 'The Giver' is more about teen angst.
Nina Jean Slack, Once Lost, Forever Found|Ah, lass, you're looking at my cock like you want tae give it a suck.
Lailah Gifty Akita|No matter what circumstances we might face in life, it is possible for us to overcome in the midst of them by taking hold of God’s thoughts.
David Brier|Who are we, and how do we relate this idea in a way that’s meaningful to our customers and the values they hold dear?In other words, one must define something meaningful. To do that, one must identify to whom this must be meaningful.
Terry Spear, Forbidden Love|Dear Elizabeth, you cannot know how much joy you bring to my heart...
Ian Rankin, Knots and Crosses|If you think about something for long enough,' she explained, `more than likely, that thing will happen.' She tapped her head. `It's all in the mind.
Sunny Decker, An Empty Spoon|part of the art of teaching is the ability to rearrange the world for students - to force them to see things in a new way. i've known too many stupid intellectuals to believe that education and wisdom come as a package deal along with facts, it's your perspective that counts - your ability to see differently, not just to see a lot.
Thomas Otway, The Orphan|Campbell" Julia says "Don't do this to me""Do what?""Push me off the same cliff twice
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Don’t panic, but pray!
Timothy Pina, Bullying Ben: How Benjamin Franklin Overcame Bullying|Put down that bottle and pickup an Oreo instead...you"ll live longer! #JustSaying
James A. Baldwin|In life there are no problems, that is, objective and external choices; there is only the life which we do not resolve as a problem but which we live as an experience, whatever the final result may be.
Soke Behzad Ahmadi, Dirty Fighting : Lethal Okinawan Karate|. . . most martial artists want to know how A technique is done, A seasoned Sensei will demonstrate why
Janet McNally, Girls in the Moon|If you read fairy tales carefully, you’ll notice they are mostly about people who aren’t heroes. They don’t have special powers, or gifts. Often they are despised as stupid, They are bullied, beaten up, robbed, starved. But they find they are stronger than their misfortunes.
Jay Samit, Disrupt You!: Master Personal Transformation, Seize Opportunity, and Thrive in the Era of Endless Innovation|To be successful, innovation is not just about value creation, but value capture.
Ben Bernanke|The rule of my life is to make business a pleasure, and pleasure my business.
Katie Reus, Breaking Her Rules|If you're courting me, you have to tell me something about yourself that no one else knows."	He was silent for a moment. "I'd rather jerk-off to thoughts of you than be with anyone else.
David Sedaris|When forced to leave my house for an extended period of time, I take my typewriter with me, and together we endure the wretchedness of passing through the X-ray scanner. The laptops roll merrily down the belt, while I’m instructed to stand aside and open my bag. To me it seems like a normal enough thing to be carrying, but the typewriter’s declining popularity arouses suspicion and I wind up eliciting the sort of reaction one might expect when traveling with a cannon.It’s a typewriter,’ I say. ‘You use it to write angry letters to airport security.
Evan Gans|Psst"he called.The Cyclops lowered his hammer. He turned towards Zeus, but his one big eye had been staring into the flames so long that he couldn't see who was talking."I am not Psst"The Cyclops said " I am Brontes"Oh boy, Zeus thought. This may take a while
Julie Buxbaum, The Opposite of Love|Because if I'm going to spend at least seventy-five percent of my waking hours doing something, I want that something to have meaning. I am tired of wasting my time. I am starting to realize that I want my life to matter in every way that it can.
Miyamoto Musashi, A Book of Five Rings: The Classic Guide to Strategy|There is no one way to salvation, whatever the manner in which a man may proceed. All forms and variations are governed by the eternal intelligence of the Universe that enables a man to approach perfection. It may be in the arts of music and painting or it may be in commerce, law, or medicine. It may be in the study of war or the study of peace. Each is as important as any other. Spiritual enlightenment through religious meditation such as Zen or in any other way is as viable and functional as any "Way."... A person should study as they see fit.
T. C. Boyle|The first time I tried to write was when I was 14, after I got an electric guitar. I put a song together, and it wasn't that bad! The writing came natural to me.
Sam Harris, The End of Faith: Religion, Terror, and the Future of Reason|It is also worth noting that one can obtain a Ph.D. in any branch of science for no other purpose than to make cynical use of scientific language in an effort to rationalize the glaring inadequacies of tbe Bible. A handful of Christians appear to have done this; some have even obtained their degrees from reputable universities. No doubt, others will follow in their footsteps. While such people are technically "scientists," they are not behaving like scientists. They simply are not engaged in an honest inquiry into the nature of the universe. And their proclamations about God and the failures of Darwinism do not in the least signify that there is a legitimate scientific controversy about evolution.
Chris Matakas, #Human: Learning To Live In Modern Times|When your words enter the material world in the form of ink or on screen, you are immediately afforded the opportunity to judge their worth.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|I pack my trunk, embrace my friends, embark on the sea and at last wake up in Naples, and there beside me is the stern fact, the sad self, unrelenting, identical, that I fled from.
Peter J Tanous|Looking at the Blessed Mother, Kevin felt the pull of a special allegiance with her. To Serve God, to honor Mary who speaks to my soul, sending me messages I cannot know the meaning of? Is this what my life is about?
Deyth Banger|As for me horror is the genre which makes my life more interesting, mysteries my life to be something like a riddle which people go and hard go outside...But the music build my personality!
J.K. Rowling, Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix|Sirius was a brave, clever, and energetic man, and such men are not usually content to sit at home in hiding while they believe others to be in danger.
Erich Maria Remarque|Here, brush this old hair aside; it blinds me, that I seem to weep. Locks so grey did never grow but from out some ashes! But do I look very old, so very, very old, Starbuck? I feel deadly faint, bowed, and humped, as though I were Adam, staggering beneath the piled centuries since Paradise.
Curt Gabrielson, Tinkering: Kids Learn by Making Stuff|If you tell somebody something, you've forever robbed them of the opportunity to discover it for themselves.
Pierre Pradervand|The most important choices we make in life are not the dramatic turning points such as a change of career, the person we marry, the country we emigrate to. The most important choices are the thoughts and feelings we choose to entertain, moment after moment, day after day. They shape our lives more surely than any outward circumstance. So why not opt for an experience of blessing – of blessing life moment after moment? After all, each moment is the repository of infinite possibilities, ever renewed.Pierre Pradervand, The Gentle Art of Blessing
Sergio Troncoso, Crossing Borders: Personal Essays|Words are the residue that I was there, that I loved my wife, that I kissed my children goodnight, that I sacrificed my life for them. Words are a curse. Life is a curse. Words escape life. Life escapes words. What in God's name am I? How does someone name a God? What is it to name yourself?
Zia Haider Rahman, In the Light of What We Know|Zafar argues that the greatest influence on a writer may be on her psychic dispositions as a writer. Reading Philip Roth, writes Zafar, might clear the way of inhibitions that held you back from writing about reckless desire, the temptations of power, and the immanence of rage, or reading Naipaul might convince you to seize the ego that so wants to be loved, drag it outside, put it up against a wall, and shoot it.
James  Durham|There is an unsearchableness in this mystery of the Godhead, in the mystery of God becoming Man; in the mystery of the Mediator his taking on these offices , to exercise them in our nature; and in speaking or thinking of them, there is a necessity to silence that which our curiosity would propose, for satisfactionabout them; as, namely ., how there are or can be three Persons in the Godhead , and yet but one God. How one of these persons can be man? and how it is , that by Him we have access to God the Father , Son , and Holy Ghost? There is silence required in the how of these things.
Susan Illene, Darkness Haunts|To gain your heart's desire you have to lose some part of your old life, your old self. To do that you have to have courage; without it, you can't make the leap. And if you don't make the leap you have only three choices: You can hate yourself for not taking the chance, you can hate the person from whom you've sacrificed your happiness, or you can hate the one who offered you happiness, and blame them for your lack of courage, convince yourself it wasn't real.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, One Silent Night|You stubborn bastard. Take it from someone who knows firsthand, there’s a lot to be said for forgiveness. Grudges seldom hurt anyone except the one bearing them.""And there’s a lot to be said for knocking enemies upside their heads and cracking skulls open."Ash & Urian
Robert Masello, Blood and Ice|I remember feeling that pieces of me were scattered around the world; I belonged to her, Mother Earth.
Melina Marchetta, On the Jellicoe Road|And suddenly I know I have to go. But this time without being chased by the Brigadier, without experiencing the kindness of a postman from Yass, and without taking along a Cadet who will change the way I breath for the rest of my life.
Thomas Mann, Death in Venice and Other Tales|I can be by myself because I'm never lonely; I'm simply alone, living in my heavily populated solitude, a harum-scarum of infinity and eternity, and Infinity and Eternity seem to take a liking to the likes of me.
Munia Khan|No food is edible, if you don’t feel like eatingStanding is incredible, if you hate sitting
Italo Calvino, If on a Winter's Night a Traveler|If one wanted to depict the whole thing graphically, every episode, with its climax, would require a three-dimensional, or, rather, no model: every experience is unrepeatable. What makes lovemaking and reading resemble each other most is that within both of them times and spaces open, different from measurable time and space.
Tom Butler-Bowdon, 50 Self-Help Classics: 50 Inspirational Books to Transform Your Life from Timeless Sages to Contemporary Gurus|Choice is the keynote of self-determinism. To determine anything, you must have the choice to determine. Choice to determine means that you must have the power of decision. Decision and time have a lot in common. When we have clean, clear decision, we have clean, clear time. And when we have indecision, there is an unclarity about time.
Louis de Bernières|Once you know you are worthy and your story is worthy, you fight for other stories.
Todd Tiahrt|For me, conscious parenting is staying attuned to your child, being really open and in the moment. It means staying as present as possible in your own breath for the betterment of your whole family.
Brendan Behan|But for me, it is when a student has died. I find the death of a young person the most difficult and painful of times. To explain it to other young people, to see a bright future snuffed out, is just awful. I am haunted by those deaths.
Sinclair Lewis|The first ingredient in conversation is truth, the next good sense, the third good humor, and the fourth wit.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|Every month there is a moon, gigantic, round, heavy, an omen. IT transits, pauses, continues on and passes out of sight, and I see despair coming towards me like famine. To feel that empty, again, again. I listen to my heart, wave upon wave, salty and red, continuing on and on, marking time.
Lemony Snicket, The Grim Grotto|People aren't either wicked or noble. They're like chef's salads, with good things and bad things chopped and mixed together in a vinaigrette of confusion and conflict.
S.N. Lemoing, Powerful - Tome 1 : The Realm of Harcilor|You have to hold on and be patient. Pain lasts for a while, but you must leave room for happiness when you find it.
Jack Dangermond|Beatbullying's 'The Big March 2012' is such a brilliant campaign and I am very proud to be a part of it. I have been a victim of cyber bullying myself and I know firsthand just how hurtful it can be. People think that they can hide behind computers and send nasty and hurtful comments to people, and this is wrong.
Christopher Logue, War Music: An Account of Homer's Iliad|Do you have any idea how rare love is? In a thousand years, I have found it but twice, and when I have, I have honored it.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Once you realize you deserve a bright future, letting go of your dark past is the best choice you will ever make.
Iridea|For me ignorant is not illiterate or public, but is trying to review his culture ...You have to run away from them, they did not care what they read, but a number of what they read ...
Wess Stafford, Too Small to Ignore: Why Children Are the Next Big Thing|The handholds for hope are there for all of us but are made plainest to those in poverty, for whom survival actually depends on hope in their God.
Scott Stabile|Remember, no one can read your mind. People’s actions or lack of, are not always purposeful. If you have a problem that you wish solved, you must communicate it. If you don’t want to communicate your problem, then you also give away your right to worry, stress or complain about it. You are accountable for yourself.
John Holt|We can best help children learn, not by deciding what we think they should learn and thinking of ingenious ways to teach it to them, but by making the world, as far as we can, accessible to them, paying serious attention to what they do, answering their questions -- if they have any -- and helping them explore the things they are most interested in.
Sienna Miller|I try to be positive. I speak to my players about how we have to play, respect the rules. What I have done is always be positive.
Erwin Panofsky, Meaning in the Visual Arts|Those who like to interpret historical facts symbolically may recognize in this the spirit of a specifically "modern" conception of the world which permits the subject to assert itself against the object as something independent and equal; whereas classical antiquity did not as yet permit the explicit formulation of this contrast; and whereas the Middle Ages believed the subject as well as the object to be submerged in a higher unity.
Patricia Briggs, Moon Called|Some people will tell you werewolves can only shapechange under a full moon, but people also say there's no such things as ghosts.
Emma Thompson|There's a high level of communication between all of us at Marvel, and between Marvel and Lucasfilm.
Anna Agoncillo, Psychology Of Love, Money, & Life|In terms of monetary behavior, there are two types of people in this Earth: those who save and those who spend.
Alain de Botton, The Course of Love|Guys, he’s hurt bad.”The blonde scrambled to him. She tore the wounded boy’s shirt open. A river of blood ran down his chest.“Oh, God, no,” the blonde cried.Lana pushed her aside and laid a hand against the pumping wound. “He’ll live,” Lana said. “I’ll fix him.”“What do you mean, you’ll fix him?” the blonde demanded. “We need stitches, we need a doctor. Look at how he’s bleeding.”Lana said, “What’s your name?”“Astrid, what does it matter? He’s…” She stopped talking then and leaned in close to see. “The bloodflow is slowing.”“Yeah. I noticed that, too,” Lana said dryly. “Relax. He’ll be fine. In fact…” She tilted her head to get a better look at him. “In fact, I’ll bet when he’s not covered in blood, he’s cute. Your boyfriend?”“That’s not what it’s about,” Astrid snapped. Then, in a low voice, like she didn’t want the others to hear, she said, “Kind of.
Raven Davies, Between Here & There|The dark and the light, they exist side by side,Sometimes overlapping, one explaining the other.The darkened path is as illuminated as the lightened,Only the fear of the dark keeps us from seeing our way.
Gordon Neufeld|Interesting how fashion is cyclical,” Jaccob said when she came out of the store with two black plastic bags. “Goth was the look when I was young, too.” “It’s not a look,” Chuck said. “I’m just wearing my feelings on the outside.” “Uh huh.” His phone buzzed. “Hang on a second." He rolled up his sleeve to check his HUD, but the call hadn’t come through there. Huh. He had to pick up his phone and check the read-out, which listed a phone number: an old school page. “That’s funny…” “Dad, you’re doing that thing again,” Chuck said. “What thing?” Jaccob asked. “That thing where you have to check every single doohickey you carry around.” “I am not.” Jaccob took his hand out of his coat pocket, where he’d been reaching to check his police scanner or music player (he hadn’t decided which to use first).
Dodie Smith, I Capture the Castle|When a plutocracy is disguised as a democracy, the system is beyond corrupt.
Paul Gitwaza|Our eyes are sentinels unto our judgements,And should give certain judgement what they see;But they are rash sometimes, and tell us wondersOf common things, which when our judgments find,They can then check the eyes, and call them blind.
litymunshi|relationship is home . not like a bazar . you like so you visit . other part does not even see you ,if they like to. you want to buy ,choose ,you are free .but that's business . in relationship feeling is important ,more than that equally acceptance is base of relationship . if someone stopping to accept this they must stop to continue to be used in a relationship .
William Shakespeare|Be not self-willed, for thou art much too fairTo be death’s conquest and make worms thine heir.
Lailah Gifty Akita|With confident, courage and commitment, the God-given goals will be achieve.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|Farewell, Timothy Riley’s Bar," Lane said softly. "Home of the nickel beer. Snooker emporium. Repository of Bluebird records, three for a dime. We honor you and your passing. Farewell. Farewell, Timothy Riley—and terraplanes and rumbleseats and saddle shoes and Helen Forrest and the Triple-C camps and Andy Hardy and Lum ‘n’ Abner and the world-champion New York Yankees! Rest in peace, you age of innocence—you beautiful, serene, carefree, pre-Pearl Harbor, long summer night. We’ll never see your likes again.
Nancy Ann Healy, Falling Through Shooting Stars|Whatever you may say, genuine emotions are aroused by people. The first smile of a newborn, love confession, hang-loose chatting with friends, weekly meetings with dears, and a lot more other things initiated by two or several individuals trigger the feeling of happiness. There are more specific emotions native to females and males. Whereas the first ones are pleased at hearing sweet words. We live and work in the tradition of love and not hatred. As for us, it is the unconditional acceptance of all people, the scale of our love for them. Let's treat every person as a person in his uniqueness at eye level.Love is one of the strongest feelings one can ever have. It comes over you all of a sudden and totally absorbs before you manage to realize the fact. Emotions which arise with the feeling require some way of expression. Furtive glances, sweet words, touching, and romantic dates are a usual manifestation of affection. Still, there is a more inventive way to expose oneself – dedicating a special beautiful love quote to your beloved.
Eugene Cernan|Sure, climbing Mount Everest would be cool, but that's something I would now like to do as a family. Big experiences like that I don't want to have on my own anymore. I want to share them.
Dolores Huerta|My mum and dad have always enjoyed life, and it's something that's been instilled in me. I wake up in a good mood most mornings.
bell hooks|Significantly, in future feminist movement we will spend less time critiquing patriarchal marriage bonds and expend more effort showing alternatives, showing the value of peer relationships which are founded on principles of equality, respect, and the belief that mutual satisfaction and growth are needed for partnerships to be fulfilling and lasting.
Adam M. Grant, Originals: How Non-Conformists Move the World|The people who had been recognized for making original contributions shared many more stories that started negatively but surged upward: they struggled early and triumphed later. Despite being confronted with more negative events, they reported greater satisfaction with their lives and a stronger sense of purpose.
Kristin Cashore, Fire|Nonetheless, when it finally ended and the hairdressers left and Tess insisted upon pulling her to the mirror, Fire saw, and understood, that everyone had done the job well. The dress, deep shimmering purple and utterly simple in design, was so beautifully-cut and so clingy and well-fitting that Fire felt slightly naked. And her hair. She couldn’t follow what they’d done with her hair, braids thin as threads in some places, looped and wound through the thick sections that fell over her shoulders and down her back, but she saw that the end result was a controlled wildness that was magnificent against her face, her body, and the dress. She turned to measure the effect on her guard - all twenty of them, for all had roles to play in tonight’s proceedings, and all were awaiting her orders. Twenty jaws hung slack with astonishment - even Musa’s, Mila’s, and Neel’s. Fire touched their minds, and was pleased, and then angry, to find them open as the glass roofs in July.‘Take hold of yourselves,’ she snapped. ‘It’s a disguise, remember? This isn’t going to work if the people meant to help me can’t keep their heads.’‘It will work, Lady Granddaughter.’ Tess handed Fire two knives in ankle holsters. ‘You’ll get what you want from whomever you want. Tonight King Nash would give you the Winged River as a present, if you asked for it. Dells, child - Prince Brigan would give you his best warhorse.
Richelle Mead, Last Sacrifice|Blake smiled radiantly. ʺMay I call you Vasilisa?ʺʺYou can call me Lissa.ʺʺYou can also,ʺ added Christian, ʺlet go of her hand now.
Michelle Figley, The Saints of the Cross|I finally accept that not only do I not understand the death of my relationship, but I do not need to. These men were good and kind to me, they loved me and I loved them back and the shock at the finish holds no wisdom. The revelation is not that I lost them, but that I had them.
Jess Michaels, Something Reckless|Dave, would you please tell your wife she can relax. She’s got the job. It isn’t necessary for her to keep pointing out our short-comings just so you can feel better about leaving us.
Debasish Mridha|With the power of your love, you can change the world.
Virginia Postrel|The possibility that terrorist groups could obtain weapons of mass destruction should not be dismissed as a fiction. This is a horrific threat the international community should take seriously. As long as these weapons exist, so, too, does the risk of their use - by accident or design.
Andrei Codrescu|With a recent birthday, I've been acting now for twenty years.
Margaret Widdemer, The Old Road to Paradise|But when your heart is tired and dumb, your soul has need of ease,There’s none like the quiet folk who wait in libraries–The counselors who never change, the friends who never go,The old books, the dear books that understand and know!
Ted Gargiulo, The Man Who Invented New Jersey: Collected Stories|Picture this broad: 22 going on 18. Half the guys in my class would have given their left testicle to date her. This cupcake is the guidance counselor the principal has assigned me. Miss Boyle is her name. We all call her “Miss Bubbly Water.” Imagine the teasing I have to endure from my friends. Not to mention what it’s like, sitting across from this Barbie Doll every Thursday afternoon, watching her cross and uncross her legs, while she’s lecturing me about—get this: “staying focused.” Right! My pants are on fire, and she’s handing me a crash course in Psych 101!
Patricia Lockwood|See men for miles around give nature what she needs,rivers and rivers and rivers of it. You exhale with perfecthappiness. Nature turned you down in high school. Now you can come in her eye.
Joan Chen|Where love is, there God is also.
Susan C. Young|Many people associate resolutions with failure because they’ve broken promises to themselves so many times before. They don’t want to fail again, and as a result, they avoid setting goals. For the wise people who do set resolutions, research has shown you are ten times more likely to improve your life when you do. What are you willing to do to make your dreams come true?
Debasish Mridha|Educators not only teach, but they also inspire students to learn, ignite the light of imaginations, shine the sense of perception, and define the path of life for future generations.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|You must learn to accept that humans make mistakes, but when the same issue is repeated over and over without corrective strategies to plug the holes, then you must expect negative impact on your definition of success. It is normal to make a mistake, but learn, face the consequences, get back up and march on. If you want to be different or stand out as a brand, then your actions, habits, behaviours and decisions must reflect that 'you care about what people think or say about you.
Derek Theler|I think that in the 21st century, medical biology will advance at a more rapid pace than before.
Russell Lynes|the only graceful way to accept an insult is to ignore it; if you cant ignore it, top it; if you cant top it, laugh at it; if you cant laugh at it, its probably deserved
Alex Berenson|If you take a regular animated film, that's being done by animators on computers, so the filmmaking is a fairly technical process.
David Foster Wallace, Both Flesh and Not: Essays|Workshop Hermeticism, fiction for which the highest praise involves the words 'competent,' 'finished,' 'problem-free,' fiction over which Writing-Program pre- and proscriptions loom with the enclosing force of horizons: no character without Freudian trauma in accessible past, without near-diagnostic physical description; no image undissolved into regulation Updikean metaphor; no overture without a dramatized scene to 'show' what's 'told'; no denouement prior to an epiphany whose approach can be charted by and Freitag on any Macintosh.
Ben Aaronovitch, Rivers of London: Detective Stories #2|We decided to go back to basics and put the frighteners on some snouts.""Really?""We adopted a proactive intelligence-gathering policy utilising appropriate stakeholders in the community and pre-established covert human intelligence sources."And nobody can put a frightener on a covert human quite like Lesley can.
Sam Harris|All I’m arguing for really is that we should have a conversation where the best ideas really thrive, where there’s no taboo against criticizing bad ideas, and where everyone who shows up, in order to get their ideas entertained, has to meet some obvious burdens of intellectual rigor and self-criticism and honesty—and when people fail to do that, we are free to stop listening to them. What religion has had up until this moment is a different set of rules that apply only to it, which is you have to respect my religious certainty even though I’m telling you I arrived at it irrationally.
Drew Nellins Smith, Arcade|They were looking at videos, and the woman was giggling quietly, as they often do in porn stores, unable to believe what they’re seeing, the monuments men have built to vaginas and to the very notion of sex.
Charlie Fey, Easy "A"|Everything was Amelia’s fault. He hadn’t done anything wrong and neither had Kaitlin, but they were the ones paying the price and for what? To bring back a girl that he hated and wished he could kill but couldn’t? To bring back a girl who had broken her mother’s heart to such an extent that it killed her? As far as Damian was concerned, it wasn’t worth it. She didn’t deserve to come back; she didn’t deserve to live. No, Amelia deserved nothing, and especially not his love.
Susan Andersen, Baby, Don't Go|You really are young, aren't you, Blondie? You know how the game is played—people'll say anything in the heat of the moment.
Thomas Hardy, The Mayor of Casterbridge|We can't make you do anything, but we can make you wish you had. - Army saying
Slash, Anthony Bozza, Slash|Notes and chords have become my second language and, more often than not, that vocabulary expresses what I feel when language fails me. The guitar is my conscience, too - whenever I've lost my way, it's brought me back to center; whenever I forget, it reminds me why I'm here.
J. Cole|In my career, there's many things I've won and many things I've achieved, but for me, my greatest achievement is my children and my family. It's about being a good father, a good husband, just being connected to family as much as possible.
Clara Zetkin|Negroes must be free in order to be equal, and they must be equal in order to be free... Men cannot win freedom unless they win equality. They cannot win equality unless they win freedom.
A. Ashley Straker, Infected Connection|All she could see was her demise and it called out a tempting ruse, offering a suffering less potent than what sickened the living.
Philip Pullman|Darwin abolished special creations, contributed the Origin of Species and hitched all life together in one unbroken procession.
Pierre Trudeau|The past is to be respected and acknowledged, but not worshipped; it is our future in which we will find our greatness.
Kristin Cashore, Graceling|There's nothing wrong with enjoying looking at the surface of the ocean itself, except that when you finally see what goes on underwater,you realize that you've been missing the whole point of the ocean. Staying on the surface all the time is like going to the circus and staring at the outside of the tent.
Ana Claudia Antunes, A-Z of Happiness: Tips for Living and Breaking Through the Chain that Separates You from Getting That Dream Job|Achievement is no hocus-pocus. It's focus, focus!
ANIKOR Daniel|I will not add to the world’s problem, I will not live the world the way I met it; I will strife with every breadth of my life to live the world a better place than I met it.
David Suzuki|The world dominion of western thought, forms of organisation, technology and military force is not God-given, nor eternal, nor greatly appreciated by the rest of the world.
Terry Pratchett, Raising Steam|I cannot deny that Vera, in her own way--in the way of all human beings who are kind and not cruel--really is lovely.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|She understood him. He could not forgive her,-but he could not be unfeeling. Though condemning her for the past, and considering it with high and unjest resentment, though perfectly careless of her, and though becoming attached to another, still he could not see her suffer, without the desire of giving her relief. It was a remainder of former sentiment; it was an impuse of pure, though unacknowledged friendship; it was a proof of his own warm and amiable heart, which she could not contemplate without emotions so compounded of pleasure and pain, that she knew not which prevailed.
Vannetta Chapman, Murder Freshly Baked|If you think you've seen it all, put on your sunglasses, because you're about to be surprised.
