Leo Tolstoy, Family Happiness|Society in itself is no great harm, but unsatisfied social aspirations are a bad and ugly business. We must certainly accept, and we will.
Loren Weisman|If your dream is all about winning an ‪#oscar‬, a ‪‎grammy‬, an ‪#emmy‬, or another award, give up and quit now!Why dream for accolades, awards, recognition or celebrity status?Dream to learn, achieve, grow, sustain and succeed.You will be a happier person in life over trying to define your success or your dream by what others think of you.
Jorge Luis Borges|Of all man’s instruments, the most wondrous, no doubt, is the book. The other instruments are extensions of his body. The microscope, the telescope, are extensions of his sight; the telephone is the extension of his voice; then we have the plow and the sword, extensions of the arm. But the book is something else altogether: the book is an extension of memory and imagination.
Graham Greene|Hatred seems to work on the same glands as love: it even produces the same actions. If we had not been taught how to interpret the story of the Passion, would we have been able to say from their actions alone whether it was the jealous Judas or the cowardly Peter who loved Christ?
Thomas Erskine|I joined the People's Armed Forces in 1961 to 1984, and I was also a soldier in the southern battle of Vietnam during the resistance against the Americans. I went to the battlefield in order to regain national independence.
Atsushi Ohkubo|Are you scared? I understand. The first time I saw my reflection in the mirror, even I was frightened by how BIG my reflection was.
Francisca Olivia|An opportunity, no matter how small it is, is still worth a golden chance. So take it or have regrets for the rest of your life.
Germaine Greer, The Female Eunuch|We can only afford two children' is a squalid argument, but more acceptable in our society than 'we don't like children'.
M.F. Moonzajer, LOVE, HATRED AND MADNESS|The Warrior knows that no man is an island.He cannot fight alone; whatever his plan, he depends on other people. He needs to discuss his strategy, to ask for help, and, in moments of relaxation, to have someone with whom he can sit by the fire, someone he can regale with tales of battle.
Cesare Pavese, The Burning Brand: Diaries, 1935-1950|From someone who doesn't want to share your destiny, you should neither accept a cigarette
Samantha Rodman, How to Talk to Your Kids about Your Divorce: Healthy, Effective Communication Techniques for Your Changing Family|I remember my brother as such a gentle and loving child, the best big brother a girl could hope for, but I remember when I started to sense our family's world tilting on its axis, the kaleidoscope turning, when things started to go wrong. From then on, it was like we were still ourselves, but our lives played out as though reflected back to us from a funhouse mirror.
E.M. Forster, A Passage to India: A Reader's Guide to Essential Criticism|How can the mind take hold of such a country? Generations of invaders have tried, but they remain in exile. The important towns they build are only retreats, their quarrels the malaise of men who cannot find their way home. India knows of their trouble. She knows of the whole world's trouble, to its uttermost depth. She calls "Come" through her hundred mouths, through objects ridiculous and august. But come to what? She has never defined. She is not a promise, only an appeal.
David Mitchell, Cloud Atlas|she lived her life as a dragon and never understood those who didn’t. Why anyone would want to be human was beyond her understanding... And damn it all, she was brilliant!
Meryl Streep|Criticism is an act of love. We can never learn those people we love, but we can learn about them in such ways as to perceive more clearly that unfathomable, mysterious core that is the source of their beauty.
Emily Andrews|My mother's mouth drops. 'Emmy...don't say those things Emmy. Remember, we don't talk about those things.''Yes Mom. I remember. That's why I'm here, looking like this.'An orderly knocks on the door and announces that visiting time is over.My mother and I look at each other awkwardly, and hug.'I love you,' she says.'I love you too, Mom.''You aren't telling them too much are you?' she asks, afraid.I sign. 'No Mommy, I'm not.'She's visibly relieved. She leaves the room.The orderley comes back and escorts me back into the main room.I just sit and laugh to myself." (after Emmy's suicide attempt) ~ The Finer Points of Becoming Machine
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Prayer is crucial in evangelism: Only God can change the heart of someone who is in rebellion against Him. No matter how logical our arguments or how fervent our appeals, our words will accomplish nothing unless God’s Spirit prepares the way.
Charles Bukowski|Charlotte Evans was used to feeling grungy. As a freelancer, she traveled on a shoestring, getting stories other writers did not, precisely because she wasn't fussy about how she lived. In the last twelve months, she had survived dust while writing about elephant keepers in Kenya, ice while writing about the spirit bear of British Columbia, and flies while writing about a family of nomads in India.
Richard Savage|All I do is have fun. When I'm not working, it's about making people laugh. I love making jokes about things. Even when someone's mad at me, I'll deflect anger with humor. My days are filled with laughter. If I'm not laughing, I'm not happy.
Stephen Richards|You willed yourself to where you are today, so will yourself out of it.
Mark F. LaMoure|You tend to become like that, what you want most. Its up to you to make it happen. Expect the best and work for the best. Dedicate yourself and make your life happen with determination.
Coco Chanel|Fashion changes, but style endures.
Terry Pratchett|You are wrong sir, if you think that a man who is any good at all should take into account the risk of life or death; he should look to this only in his actions, whether what he does is right or wrong.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|I couldn't imagine that I'd ever fall in love again like I had with Gideon. For better or worse, he was my soulmate. The other half of me. In many ways, he was my reflection.
Lester Bangs|All the great works of art, the cathedrals - the Gothic cathedrals and the splendid Baroque churches - are a luminous sign of God, and thus are truly a manifestation, an epiphany of God.
Erwin McManus|In Australia, they really want to turn me into a religion. A religion! Can you imagine? The Church of Edna? Oh. I don't want to be over-revered.
Kij Johnson, The Dream-Quest of Vellitt Boe|She hadn't loved Randolph Carter. He had been a man like many, so wrapped and rapt in his own story that there was no room for the world around him except as it served his own tale: the black men of Parg and Kled and Sona Nyl, the gold men of Thorabon and Ophir and Rinar; and all the women invisible everywhere, except when they brought him drinks or sold him food - all walk-on parts in the play that was Randolph Carter, or even wallpaper.
Morgan Matson, The Unexpected Everything|We’re always all alone,” he said, his voice cracked and worn.Tamsin shook her head. She knew that wasn’t true. She had years of proof to the contrary. “No,” she said. “Not always. Noteven often.”“Oh,” the old man said, with a sigh that seemed to come from the depths of his being. “I forget you’re still young yet.” Hecoughed then, a dry, rattling sound. “Sometimes we get a little bit of a facade. We think we have people. Family, friends . . . butin the end, it’s just you and the darkness. Everyone leaves eventually, my young friend. It’s better, really, to learn it early. Thisway, you can save yourself some disappointment.” He sighed then and slumped back against the wall once more. “Becausebelieving you’re not alone is the cruelest trick of all.
Jenny Colgan|Christmas, as a practicing Catholic child, was seen as a reward for lots and lots and lots of church.
Brunonia Barry, The Lace Reader|There is no wrong answer. Even so, it is easy to receive wrong results, simply by asking the wrong question.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., The Sirens of Titan|From what I can see of humans, you often destroy wonderful things in the pursuit of something that your delusions make you think is more wonderful.
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|The National Security Agency’s capability at any time could be turned around on the American people, and no American would have any privacy left, such is the capability to monitor everything: telephone conversations, telegrams, it doesn’t matter. There would be no place to hide. If a dictator ever took over, the N.S.A. could enable it to impose total tyranny, and there would be no way to fight back.
Mark Matousek, When You're Falling, Dive: Lessons in the Art of Living|joy is not just about being happy. Joy is a rigorous spiritual practice of saying yes to life on life’s terms,
Neelam Saxena Chandra|But you should see the sky tonight.Screw your astrology apps. Screw your games. Look up sometime. There is a whole wing of positive psychology--my therapist told me--that says the greatest way to affect your outlook on life is to consider what you already have more than what you don't have. And so I might not have a cell phone on me, or a sister at home, or a Dad at all, or a future, but holy shit I have the sky.
Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni, The Mistress of Spices|She lifts a bowl of kheer and her thoughts, flittering like dusty sparrows in a brown back alley, turn a sudden kingfisher blue.
Machel Shull|Just like anything, don't rush a good thing. Enjoy it. Just like in a game of chess, all of the pieces serve a different purpose . In conquering daily battles, we must remember to set our bars a little lower to discover the immediate joys existing right under our our nose.
Thomas Hardy, Tess of the D'Urbervilles|O take me from the busy crowd,I cannot bear the noise!For Nature's voice is never loud;I seek for quiet joys.The book I love is everywhere,And not in idle words;The book I love is known to all,And better lore affords.
Sunday Adelaja|We need to mature in the knowledge of God and His word, and then our faith will grow as well
Chris Murray, The Extremely Successful Salesman's Club|Everything you desire is always justoutside your comfort zone, dear boy. If it wasn’t you would alreadypossess it, would you not?
Chip Conley|I find the violence in PG13 movies unbearable. This kid will never run home, never have another birthday. His death is slow, nightmarish. And you have to explore the consequences - the people who live on with this death.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|I hope to have one more boxing match at the age of 55. Given that demographic at the age of 55 to 65, you've got to make a statement with your life. Otherwise, you are just existing.
Gabriel Chevallier, Clochemerle Babylon|The winds of grace are blowing all the time, but it is you that must raise your sails.
Robert F. Kennedy|We can move in that direction as a country, in greater polarization - black people amongst blacks, and white amongst whites, filled with hatred toward one another. Or we can make an effort, as Martin Luther King did, to understand and to comprehend, and replace that violence, that stain of bloodshed that has spread across our land, with an effort to understand, compassion and love.... What we need in the United States is not division; what we need in the United States is not hatred; what we need in the United States is not violence and lawlessness, but is love and wisdom, and compassion toward one another, and a feeling of justice toward those who still suffer within our country, whether they be white or whether they be black.
Bertrand Russell, The Quotable Bertrand Russell|Watch a man--say, a politician--being interviewed on television, an you are observing a demonstration of what both he and his interrogators learned in school: all questions have answers, and it is a good thing to give an answer even if there is none to give, even if you don't understand the question, even if the question contains erroneous assumptions, even if you are ignorant of the facts required to answer. Have you ever heard a man being interviewed say, "I don't have the faintest idea," or "I don't know enough even to guess," or "I have been asked that question before, but all my answers to it seem to be wrong?" One does not "blame" men, especially if they are politicians, for providing instant answers to all questions. The public requires that they do, since the public has learned that instant answer giving is the most important sign of an educated man.
Josh Bezoni|The mold we give to our lives is so that there will be no cataclysms. The order we seek we are willing to surrender to the flow of life at any time, but it is there as a brake on a car, and our health is a brake. We put brakes on, against our temperament. he said, “Even a room, arranged in a certain manner, prevents certain things from taking place in it.
Stephen King, The Green Mile|Pardon me, you ... love life? You who exclaim and sing over and over and dance it too: "i love you, life! Oh, I love you, life!" Do you? Well, go on, love it! Camp life -- love that too! It, too, is life!
William Shakespeare|I can't talk, or I will throw up!
Sami Abouzid|The Wicked ones always thinking that reaching out for someone is nothing but a sign of weakness , so from their point of view , reaching out for someone you loved with your heart, mind & soul is a weakness ,I think it’s nothing but a trash talk , now while trying to reach out for you I’m stronger than ever , emotionally , physically & mentally and I’m not expecting in thing in return even meeting you in person . Life is weird.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana, The Selfish Genie: A Satirical Essay on Altruism|In some rare cases, a friendship between two people benefits both of them, and what’s more, in some rarer cases, it benefits both of them equally.
Holly Black, Black Heart|Hard truths can be dealt with, triumphed over, but lies will destroy your soul.
Richard von Krafft-Ebing, Psychopathia Sexualis: The Case Histories|To be charitable, one may admit that the religious often seem unaware of how insulting their main proposition actually is. Exchange views with a believer even for a short time, and let us make the assumption that this is a mild and decent believer who does not open the bidding by telling you that your unbelief will endanger your soul and condemn you to hell. It will not be long until you are politely asked how you can possibly know right from wrong. Without holy awe, what is to prevent you form resorting to theft, murder, rape, and perjury? It will sometimes be conceded that non-believers have led ethical lives, and it will also be conceded (as it had better be) that many believers have been responsible for terrible crimes. Nonetheless, the working assumption is that we should have no moral compass if we were not somehow in thrall to an unalterable and unchallengeable celestial dictatorship. What a repulsive idea!
Woodrow Wilson|Four legs good, two legs bad.
Vint Cerf|Not even girls want to be girls so long as our feminine archetype lacks force, strength, and power.
Brownell Landrum, Repercussions: DUET stories Volume IV - Adult Version|If another soul took over your beloved’s body, would you still feel the same way about him or her?
Tony Curl, Seriously Simple Stuff to Get You Unstuck|So don't be worried if you have the sub-standard version barking out the orders. It will continue to do so, just be aware of it. Than call it for what it is, gremlin for the best you. Then grab that vision of the best you and get up and give it everything you have got.
Mehmet Murat ildan|If a man has lost everything he has but his dreams, it means that he has still everything!
Violette Nakhjavani, The Maxwells of Montreal, Early Years 1870 - 1922|Juliet by Ann Fortier. The Maestro (Chapter5) ... the slight nausea he was feeling must be somewhat near what God was feeling every minute of every day. If indeed He felt anything. He was, after all, a divine being, and it was entirely conceivable that divinity was incompatible with emotion. If not, then the Maestro sincerely pitied God, for the history of mankind was nothing more than a long tale of tears.
Robert A. Heinlein, Stranger in a Strange Land|It's a long story. Want a refill?""No, let's start the steak. Where's the button?""Right here.""Well, push it.""Me? You offered to cook.""Ben Caxton, I will lie here and starve before I will get up to push a button six inches from your finger""As you wish." He pressed the button. "But don't forget who cooked dinner.
Len Goodman|Where there is a mother in the home, matters go well.
Ernest Dowson, The Poems and Prose of Ernest Dowson|Ah, Lalage! while life is ours, Hoard not thy beauty rose and white, But pluck the pretty fleeing flowers That deck our little path of light: For all too soon we twain shall tread The bitter pastures of the dead: Estranged, sad spectres of the night.
Isaac Asimov|One, don’t wait for inspiration, just start the damned thing. Two, once you begin, keep on until the end. How do you know how the story should begin until you find out where it’s going?
Genevra Thorne, The Beloved|Where are we?" "In a special place," he whispered, dragging his lips across her ear, "where magic is real.
Maeve Binchy|My brother married young, and his is the best marriage I know.
Victor Hugo|When I was younger, I felt it was my duty to wake people up. I thought poetry was asleep. I thought rock 'n' roll was asleep.
Dianne Sylvan, The Body Sacred|At heart we are all powerful, beautiful, and capable of changing the world with our bare hands.
Edith Hamilton|...M. Danglars, who had listened to all this preamble with imperturbable coolness, but without understanding a word, engaged as he was, like every man burdened with thoughts of the past, in seeking the thread of his own ideas in those of the speaker.
Marc Bekoff, Animals Matter: A Biologist Explains Why We Should Treat Animals with Compassion and Respect|Why we should believe in wolf children seems somehow easier to understand than the ways we distinguish between what is human and what is animal behavior. In making such distinctions we run the risk of fooling ourselves completely. We assume that the animal is entirely comprehensible and, as Henry Beston has said, has taken form on a plane beneath the one we occupy. It seems to me that this is a sure way to miss the animal and to see, instead, only another reflection of our own ideas.
Lu Xun|If it is nothingness that awaits us, let us make an injustice of it; let us fight against destiny, even though without hope of victory.
Alex Staniforth, Icefall: The True Story of a Teenager on a Mission to the Top of the World|Playing it safe might not have hurt anyone, but it wouldn’t have inspired many, either.
James Patterson, Saving the World and Other Extreme Sports|Everything is going to be fine in the end. If it's not, it's not the end.
Michael Ian Black|I do not go to church. I don’t go to Christian church or Jew church or any other church. I don’t go to church at all. Not ever. A perfect Sunday for me is spent drinking green tea while reading the Sunday New York Times. Yikes! Why don’t I just turn in my Al-Qaeda membership form and call it a day? As if that wasn’t bad enough, not only do I not go to church:I don’t believe in God. How can I say the Pledge of Allegiance if I don’t believe in God? How can I spend our American currency which pledges “In God We Trust?” How can I swear to tell the truth, the whole truth, so help me God? Answer: I can’t. It’s a real problem. Don’t get me wrong – I’d like to believe in God. I wish I did, especially if He was the kind of God that thought America was #1. But I don’t, which to many people is the same as not believing in America. Up until recently, I thought those people were lunatics.
Taylor Swift|Just because as human beings, what we can't have is what we reply in our head over and over again before we go to sleep.
Carlos Wallace, The Other 99 T.Y.M.E.S: Train Your Mind to Enjoy Serenity|Depending on the strength of the relationship, level of communication and one’s tolerance for discord, many people are able to get past normal skirmishes unscathed.
Daniel Ionson, And the Truth Shall Make You Flee: Confronting the Truth-Seekers' Fears and Failures|We all live within our belief solar systems; it’s how we make it through each day. What feels “real” and “true” is based on it. Internal consistency and function means that a belief solar system is simply livable, but it says nothing about its veracity.
K. Martin Beckner, A Million Doorways|The world to him no longer seemed a math equation but rather a complex piece of art, a masterpiece of things not easily understood.
Robert Benchley|City of prose and fantasy, of capitalist automation, its streets a triumph of cubism, its moral philosophy that of the dollar. New York impressed me tremendously because, more than any other city, it is the fullest expression of our modern age.
Eric Lindstrom|At some indeterminate point in their life cycles, they cause themselves to be placed in artificial stone or wooden cocoons, or chrysalises. They have an idea that they will someday emerge from these in an altered state, which they symbolize with carvings of themselves with wings. However, we did not observe that any had actually done so.
Valerie Martin, Mary Reilly|I see I have this patience to wait it out, and the truth is no matter how dark I feel I would never take my own life, because when the darkness is over, then what a blessing is the feeblest ray of light!
Matshona Dhliwayo|You see death is a tool to degrade and destroy people, I see it as a life lesson that I use to empower myself and I remind myself that the dead are still alive. However, only the ones who are good, not evil pieces of shit like you will enjoy peace of mind
Robert Mueller|Sex and beauty are inseparable, like life and consciousness. And the intelligence which goes with sex and beauty, and arises out of sex and beauty, is intuition.
Trenton Lee Stewart, The Mysterious Benedict Society|You must remember, family is often born of blood, but it doesn't depend on blood. Nor is it exclusive of friendship. Family members can be your best friends, you know. And best friends, whether or not they are related to you, can be your family.
Ashley Jade, Twisted Wrath|You're a Black educated fool, son. These white folk have newspapers, magazines, radios, spokesmen to get their ideas across. If they want to tell the world a lie, they can tell it so well that it becomes the truth; and if I tell them you're lying, they'll tell the world even if you prove you're telling the truth. Because it's the kind of lie they want to hear.
Abhijit Naskar, The Bengal Tigress: A Treatise on Gender Equality|Ideal is the one, who knows the self.
R.W. Erskine|Loki was trying to look serious, but even so, he was smiling at the corners of his mouth. It was not a reassuring smile.
Sheila Heti, How Should a Person Be?|We tried not to smile, for smiling only encourages men to bore you and waste your time.
Dave Matthes, Sleepeth Not, the Bastard|Confidence don't mean jack shit in the real world, sis," she once said. I feel myself finding the courage to trust those words more and more with every twist of the knife. Coincidentally, last Tuesday afternoon I was involuntarily exposed to the punch line of an old wise tale that goes something like: "There's beauty that can be found in everything." But why can't the insensitive cunt who said that ever find the courage to look in the mirror? Because poopycock, one might say.
M. Fethullah Gülen, Speech and Power of Expression: On Language, Esthetics, and Belief|Son, my dad said, every man needs a bitter, resentful woman in his life. Because there's nothing more touching to a mother's heart than to know that her son thinks of her constantly.
Adrian Tan|Be hated. One does not have to be evil to be hated. In fact, it’s often the case that one is hated precisely because one is trying to do right by one’s own convictions. It is far too easy to be liked, one merely has to be accommodating and hold no strong convictions. Then one will gravitate towards the centre and settle into the average. That cannot be your role. There are a great many bad people in the world, and if you are not offending them, you must be bad yourself.
Orson Scott Card, Speaker for the Dead|How much does a man need to survive? two meals a day, one bed for the night and a few sets of clothes. That is all you need in life
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The best I can do is to ‘pretend’ that I’m my own god. But in the pretending I have to pretend that I’m not pretending, and somehow that doesn’t sound very god-like to me.
Benjamin Franklin|World War I was not inevitable, as many historians say. It could have been avoided, and it was a diplomatically botched negotiation.
Munindra Misra, Goals of Life|All the variety of species of life created be,By combination of three basic material energy;- 45 -These Guna modus operandi of material energy,They are called tamo, rajo and sattva clearly;- 46 -Tamo-guna associated with inertia, ignorance be,The rajo-guna associated with passion, activity;- 47 -Sattva-guna associated with goodness, harmony,And all three of them associated with thinking truly.- 48 -
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|Don’t be discouraged by life’s difficulties. With hope and determination, you can triumph over any difficulties.
Margaret Drabble|When I've had hard times in my life, the one thing about being in TV is that it's positive. I withdrew to 'Cheers,' it was familiar in that it was family. It had a kind of realistic positiveness to it.
Roland Barthes, Camera Lucida: Reflections on Photography|The unary Photograph has every reason to be banal, 'unity' of composition being the first rule of vulgar (and notably, of academic) rhetoric: 'The subject,' says one handbook for amateur photographers, 'must be simple, free of useless accessories; this is called the Search for Unity.
Marianne Moore, Complete Poems|In the days of Prismatic Colornot in the days of Adam and Eve, but when Adam was alone; when there was no smoke and color was fine, not with the refinement of early civilization art, but because of its originality; with nothing to modify it but the mist that went up, obliqueness was a variation of the perpendicular, plain to see and to account for: it is no longer that; nor did the blue-red-yellow band of incandescence that was color keep its stripe
Kamand Kojouri|Love, they said, burns youand builds you.But with you, there’s no ash.Just light.
Sung Yee Poon, FREE EASY MIND in Conflicts. Stress.Loss|In the Salem of our peaceful hearts, the name of Jesus is great beyond compare: He has won our love, and He shall wear it.
Russell Anthony Gibbs, The Six Principles of Enlightenment and Meaning of Life|Laughter is the ultimate emotion of openness. When you laugh, you release your fears, abandon your hatred and let down your guard to embrace the flow of the Universe.
Leland Dirks, Seven Dogs in Heaven|You ask me to forgive you? I’m thanking you. You finally loved me in that moment, and that love set me free, released me from my sworn duty.
Carmine Savastano|I could definitely rise to the challenge of re-inventing comfort food. Neufchatel and low-fat sour cream were my friends! Low-carb pasta with omega-3s and protein were the greatest inventions ever! I'd had luck using all of them.Granted, even though I couldn't resist a good fatty slice of prime rib every now and then, and Fromager d'Affinois bursting into cream in my mouth was like heaven for me- and certainly I had the curves to show for it- but even if I didn't follow a strict diet, I could certainly cook one!
Sam Starbuck, The Dead Isle|Some one has defined a work of art as a “thing beautifully done.” I like it better if we cut away the adverb and preserve the word “done,” and let it stand alone in its fullest meaning. Things are not done beautifully. The beauty is an integral part of their being done.
Mahatma Gandhi|The Charter of the United Nations expresses the noblest aspirations of man: abjuration of force in the settlement of disputes between states; the assurance of human rights and fundamental freedoms for all without distinction as to race, sex, language or religion; the safeguarding of international peace and security.
H.V. Morton, In Search Of England|Oh, I thought of calling it Journeyings in Germany. It sounds well, and would be correct. Or Jottings from German Journeyings--I haven't quite decided yet... (Minora)
Lydia Davis, Varieties of Disturbance|No one is calling me. I can’t check the answering machine because I have been here all this time. If I go out, someone may call while I’m out. Then I can check the answering machine when I come back in.
Stephen Richards, Street Warrior: The True Story of the Legendary Malcolm Price, Britain's Hardest Man|Everyone in the valleys knew me and because of that, so many people used my name in the valleys that there must have been at least a hundred times a night that the name ‘Malcolm Price’ was used.
Angela Monique Crudupt, Sent by Jesus: The Father sent Jesus, and Jesus sent you.|I see the faces that stop by my cart here. Their smiles are hollow, their eyes are hungry. The yogi's faces are different. Silent, complete. Like the mountains around them. Asking no questions, seeking no answers, just certain, as though they knew exactly who they were.
Latika Teotia|If we live within the boundaries God has prescribed for us, we realize that our boundaries grow and there’s plenty of freedom…
Daya Kudari|The problem is not that people make any bond of affection, they like with people they like; the problem is calling that bond of affection "love.
Gary Shteyngart, Super Sad True Love Story|I am simply looking for a companion with whom to spend my days, a companion who will cherish as much as I the stupidity of living in the moment, and spend every dull, amazing second with me.
Edward Kennedy|Broadcasting is definitely in my cards for the future, and I'm determined to work hard at it - to perfect it and create my style and niche.
Jeremy Tiang, It Never Rains on National Day|She looked at me like I was stupid, the same look the girls in JC used to give me when I hadn’t heard of the latest boy band, or turned up at Zouk wearing unfashionable clothes.
Baruch Spinoza, The Letters|Of all the things that are beyond my power, I value nothing more highly than to be allowed the honor of entering into bonds of friendship with people who sincerely love truth. For, of things beyond our power, I believe there is nothing in the world which we can love with tranquility except such men.
Collette West, Inside Game|...I was enjoying conducting highly charged sexual banter with you."	"As was I, although if we continue along that line, you're going to make it extremely painful for me to walk. Shall we cool down our libidos with a spot of crypt viewing?
Fulton J. Sheen, Life Is Worth Living|We must go out to Pure Life, Pure Truth, Pure Love, and that is the definition of God. He is the ultimate goal of life; from Him we came, and in Him alone do we find our peace.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you believe you can, you can achieve your dreams.
Jerhia|If you Fail, Never Give Up because, F.A.I.L means First Attempt In Learning.
Phillip W. Simpson, Rapture|All civilizations at some time have fallen into this total terror, when the mystery of life was a kind of panic only to be assuaged by the spilling of blood.
Wei Wu Wei|Why are you unhappy?Because 99.9 percent of everything you think, and of everything you do, is for yourself—and there isn’t one.
John Piper, God Is the Gospel: Meditations on God's Love as the Gift of Himself|...I worship at the temple of your body and without you, I'd have no art...
Milan Kundera, The Unbearable Lightness of Being|For Sabina, living in truth, lying neither to ourselves nor to others, was possible only away from the public: the moment someone keeps an eye on what we do, we involuntarily make allowances for that eye, and nothing we do is truthful. Having a public, keeping a public in mind, means living in lies.
Nicolas Bouvier|After all, one travels in order for things to happen and change; otherwise you might as well stay at home.
Hugh Jackman|From solar to electric cars, from geothermal to reconfiguring the grid, the scale of investment needed in green technologies in order to meet whatever agreements on emissions reductions are finally agreed will be immense.
Melody  Lee, Moon Gypsy|She's the kind of girl who brings you to the moon without you even being aware. The kind of girl you trip in love with, The kind of girl you never forget.
James Carlos Blake, A World of Thieves: A Novel|Al... You ever kill anybody? In the United States? Because I know you mean it and everything, but I know these guys better than I know you. They're soldiers, that's all. No questions, no time to ask, no talk. Cops are worse, and less predictable. When you pull a gun, you've gotta be ready to kill somebody, and I'm telling you it's better to run.
Kevin Hearne, Hounded|[S]ometimes, a fight you cannot win is still worth fighting.
Ramana Maharshi|When I speak out against the guns or against the big corporations, some of my friends say, 'Oh Yoko, be careful. These people have all the power.' But, you know, most people don't speak out because they are frightened.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Watcher in the Shadows|I imagine some people, like some toys, are born defective - which I suppose makes us all broken toys, don't you think?
Anthony T. Hincks|..."SORRY."...Just doesn't cut it anymore!
Madeleine L'Engle|--So we reached our decisions simultaneously, and apart, and if I knew that Court was fighting a battle, did he, too, sense mine? Did it have anything to do with his coming back to life again? For he is here, I am no longer living with a marble image. And I will never know why. Court being Court I can never ask him why; we wrestled with our problems alone and we must live alone with the answers. And is it part of a marriage, part of being a human being, that we must always reach our decisions alone?
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|I still loved Naoko. Bent and twisted as that love might be, I did love her. Somewhere inside me, there was still preserved a broad, open space, untouched, for Naoko and no one else.
Judith Clarke, Starry Nights|These last few months Vida had started believing in all kinds of strange things she'd have laughed at when we lived back in Avalon. She'd tried every spell she could find in the dusty old books she brought home from thrift shops and garage sales; none of them ever worked, and it was awful watching her try.
Busy Philipps|I have a lot of trouble understanding how people see me as a celebrity. I work 14 hours a day, and then I just want to talk to my family, see the people I love, pet my dog, and go to bed. I'm not looking to be best friends with or emulate a celebrity.
Dr. Myles Munroe|The truer you are to yourself, the greater your gifts will manifest themselves.
Avijeet Das|The World is quick to label you, but it will take ages to take a stand!
Toffee, Finding Juliet|For everyone, success matters more than anything else. Whether you are a good guy or not, no one really cares. All they really care about is how successful you are.
Deyth Banger|When I say truth people want to kill me, some people think that this something is a lot of, but this is bullshit without it or with it I don't really see differences. The results from school are like the results of not doing nothing or this is equal??
Mark Twain, The Adventures of Tom Sawyer|I've always been serious that way, trying to evolve to a more conscious state. Funny thing about that,though. You tweak yourself,looking for more love, less lust, more compassion, less jealousy. You keep tweaking, keep adjusting those knobs until you can no longer find the original settings. In some sense,the original settings are exactly what I'm looking for-a return to the easygoing guy i was before my world got complicated, the nice guy who took things as they came and laughed so hard the blues would blow away in the summer wind.
John F. Kennedy|One of Wordsworth's Lake District neighbours remarked  upon hearing of the poet's death "I suppose his son will carry on the business."
Herbert Spencer|Society is well governed when its people obey the magistrates, and the magistrates obey the law.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without private prayers and personal study of the Scriptures, how can we increase in faith and grow in the grace of our knowledge of Christ Jesus?
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|This is not the first time that the world has been in a mess but you are still God, you left us on the earth, not only to preach in a building but to be the church beyond the buildings.
Marcus Luttrell|I've never met a person who does not want a safer world, better medical care and education for their children, and peace with their neighbours. I just don't meet those people. What I meet, over and over again, as I travel around, is that the essential human condition is optimistic - in every one of these places.
Frantz Fanon, Black Skin, White Masks|It means, Doug Swieteck, that in this class, you are not your brother.
Tessa Dare|Have you always been this skilled with women?" - Joseph to Iain
Christopher Paolini|Saphira waved her tail, the tip whistling loudly. "I'm not asking you to. However, if we attack first, we may gain the advantage." "Have you gone crazy? They'll..." Eragon's voice trailed off as he thought about it. "They won't be able to do a thing." "Exactly," said Saphira. "We can inflict lots of damage from a safe height." "Let's drop rocks on them!
Colleen Hoover, Losing Hope|I’d been kissed before. Many times. There were awkward and sloppy kisses, those tension-fraught moments of fumbling intensity as a teenager. There were more skilled kisses, passionate and intentional. There were kisses that stole my breath, kisses that merged seamlessly with the shedding of clothes and the joining of bodies. But never, before this moment, had there ever been a kiss that stole my will to pull away, that devoured my capacity for thought, that removed my ability to resist, to feel anything but the kiss.
Blaine Lee|If you fire people, you fire customers.
Jeanne McElvaney, Time Slipping|Curiosity is a youthful beauty. Connected to joy and slipping around old beliefs, it urges us to investigate rather than assume.
V.C. Andrews, Petals on the Wind|The blaze from the trees spreads to tablecloths and crepe paper - a chain reaction so brilliantly spectacular and terrible, I ache to be a part of it...to devour and destroy,then relish in the plunder.I could do it.I could stand here amid the flames,let them lap at my skin,and laugh in a death-defying haze - because they belong to me. I could watch the world crumble and then dance,triumphant,in the snowfall of ash left behind.All I have to do is set the power free. Escape the chains of my humanity,let madness be my guide.
Toni Morrison, Beloved|The cliche about prison life is that I am actually integrated into it, ruined by it, when my accommodation to it is so overwhelming that I can no longer stand or even imagine freedom, life outside prison, so that my release brings about a total psychic breakdown, or at least gives rise to a longing for the lost safety of prison life. The actual dialectic of prison life, however, is somewhat more refined. Prison in effect destroys me, attains a total hold over me, precisely when I do not fully consent to the fact that I am in prison but maintain a kind of inner distance towards it, stick to the illusion that ‘real life is elsewhere’ and indulge all the time in daydreaming about life outside, about nice things that are waiting for me after my release or escape. I thereby get caught in the vicious cycle of fantasy, so that when, eventually, I am released, the grotesque discord between fantasy and reality breaks me down. The only true solution is therefore fully to accept the rules of prison life and then, within the universe governed by these rules, to work out a way to beat them. In short, inner distance and daydreaming about Life Elsewhere in effect enchain me to prison, whereas full acceptance of the fact that I am really there, bound by prison rules, opens up a space for true hope.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Jesus was born with the cross darkening His pathway . . . From the cradle to the cross, [Jesus’] purpose was to die.
Aldous Huxley|Man is so intelligent that he feels impelled to invent theories to account for what happens in the world. Unfortunately, he is not quite intelligent enough, in most cases, to find correct explanations. So that when he acts on his theories, he behaves very often like a lunatic.
Elise Kova, Fire Falling|There was something severed and rough about her, something tainted and, yet, at the same time those jagged pieces were the makings of something fearsome. She'd wanted to become someone the Senate would fear, why not shatter the sky?
Anthony Doerr, All the Light We Cannot See|Endurance over-goaded, stretched the hand of fraternity to sedition.
Susan Howatch|For me, human rights simply endorse a view of life and a set of moral values that are perfectly clear to an eight-year-old child. A child knows what is fair and isn't fair, and justice derives from that knowledge.
Kaye George, Choke|That's it, Uncle Huey!" Imogene Duckworthy whipped off her apron and flung it onto the slick, stainless steel counter. "I quit!" If only her voice didn’t sound so young.
Christine de Pizan, Le Débat Sur Le Roman De La Rose|[I]f you seek in every way to minimise my firm beliefs by your anti-feminist attacks, please recall that a small dagger or knife point can pierce a great, bulging sack and that a small fly can attack a great lion and speedily put him to flight.
Ray Bradbury, Something Wicked This Way Comes|God, how we get our fingers in each other's clay. That's friendship, each playing the potter to see what shapes we can make of each other.
Maya Angelou|It's still scary every time I go back to the past. Each morning, my heart catches. When I get there, I remember how the light was, where the draft was coming from, what odors were in the air. When I write, I get all the weeping out.
Steve Hagen, Buddhism Plain and Simple|That's just the trouble, you make an effort to think about it. Concentrate entirely on your breathing, as if you had nothing else to do!
Emma Abdullah, The Blue Box|It's always comforting to tell yourself things are going to be alright, because even if a part of you senses that you're lying, it's comforting to shut it out- shut out reality and pretend- because pretending is nice.
Thomas Hobbes|…numerical precision is the very soul of science, and its attainment affords the best, perhaps the only criterion of the truth of theories and the correctness of experiments.
Stephen Richards, How to Get Everything You Can Imagine: Volume 1: How Mind Power Works|God, bearing the whole psycho-physical existence as reflections, is also not involved in any transformation of His essence. He remains pure Consciousness alone while appearing as infinite phenomena. The whole universe exists in the transcendental aspect of God, shining there as infinite, pure, and blissful I-Consciousness. It shines within Him as Him alone, and not as anything other than Him . . . . The Universe exists in Him as pure Consciousness alone, just as all milk products are present in milk in the form of milk alone. All that is, shines within Him as “I” alone. In Him there is no trace of “this-ness” or “that-ness”. Rather, it is the outward reflections of His divine powers that appear as “this-ness”.— B. N. Pandit, Specific Principles of Kashmir Shaivism (3rd ed., 2008), p. 19.
Garth Ennis, The Boys, Volume 9: The Big Ride|After all, you can't really blame the Waffen S.S. for doing what comes naturally. But a funny thing happened on the way to the moral high ground.
Erich Fromm|Not all of his relationships were meant to end . . . Once he sent a postcard and inadvertently wrote "Wish you were her."
Jackie Kennedy|Women feel empowered when they can do the things that are supposed to be only for men, you know? It breaks boundaries, it's liberating, and it's empowering when you feel like, 'Well, I can do that, too.'
Joseph Conrad, Lord Jim|I remember staying to look at it for a long time, as one would linger within reach of a consoling whisper. The sky was pearly grey. It was one of those overcast days so rare in the tropics, in which memories crowd upon one, memories of other shores, of other faces.
Bianca Jagger|We have been sold a Muslim boogeyman. We are buying into it, and we are terrified, and that terror is causing people to lash out at comedians like myself or women wearing hijabs, or anyone who seems to defend equality for Muslims worldwide.
Robert Browning|Beauty is variable, ugliness is constant.
Auliq Ice|With success, if you don't plan and just take each day as it comes, there will come failure.
Malcolm X|The only way we'll get freedom for ourselves is to identify ourselves with every oppressed people in the world. We are blood brothers to the people of Brazil, Venezuela, Haiti, Cuba -- yes Cuba too.
Mariah Carey|It was a free-for-all with music when I was growing up. My mother was a huge music fanatic so I was listening to everything from country to heavy metal to Indigo Girls to Elton John. I guess when I was really young I didn't like Willie Nelson, and she obviously loved him. Now I do too, I'm so thankful to her for playing his music nonstop.
Dean Koontz, Odd Thomas|I was the worst kind of fool. When I look back on that August night, changed forever by all my wounds and all my suffering, that undamaged Odd Thomas seems like a different human being from me, immeasurably more confident than I am now, still able to hope, but not as wise, and I mourn for him.
Ahdaf Soueif, Sandpiper|It was like this sometimes, and I felt I should look away, but I couldn't. I wanted to be there, having my face touched, defeating a heart like Peter's, but the next best thing was seeing it for Tiger Lily.
Lewis Bayly, The Practice Of Piety|...if thou art persuaded that God is true, why dost thou doubt of his promises?—and if thou believest that God is beauty and perfection itself, why dost not thou make him alone the chief end of all thine affections and desires? for if thou lovest beauty, he is most fair; if thou desirest riches, he is most wealthy; if thou seekest wisdom, he is most wise. Whatsoever excellency thou hast seen in any creature, it is nothing but a sparkle of that which is in infinite perfection in God...
Bill Bryson|Do you really believe that the Lord Jesus Christ, the Lord of glory, plans to be a loser in history?
Euginia Herlihy, Take a Step Right Now Towards Your Dreams by Euginia|Dreamers have a territorial seed in them that give them the power to possess, to dominate and to influence the world.
Javier Camara|I have lived so long among people who do not understand me, been so long accustomed to refrain and disguise myself for fear of being laughed at, that I have grown as difficult to come at as a snail in a shell; and what is worse, I cannot come out of my shell when I wish it.
Adam Hamilton|While I understand the passions and the anger that arise over the death of Michael Brown, giving into that anger by looting or carrying guns, and even attacking the police, only serves to raise tensions and stir chaos.
J.C. Reed, Conquer Your Love|To love someone so deeply is to risk losing yourself forever. Once I admitted my feelings to him, there was no going back—no hope to ever make my heart complete without him
Bryant H. McGill|Your true traveller finds boredom rather agreeable than painful. It is the symbol of his liberty - his excessive freedom. He accepts his boredom, when it comes, not merely philosophically, but almost with pleasure.
Brian Regan, Live|That’s why I admired that kid who spelled it wrong on purpose so he could sit down. He knew he wasn’t going to win, so why stand there for 3 hours. First round. “Cat, K-A-T, I’m outta here.” Then as he passed you, “Ha! I know there’s 2 T’s.
Melina Marchetta, Quintana of Charyn|Oh, you've outdone me twice now, you queen of forgiveness. The ring's a promise of peace and I'm greedy with hope. It's a song that we sing in a tongue that we share. And though you say it's a gift from a king to a king, I say it's a sign from a queen to a queen.
Louis C.K.|The French have the right respect for dogs--in France we chiens get to go to lunch and dinner anytime, anywhere.
Louis C.K.|You Are Your Own Michelangello Always".
Jill Shalvis, Second Chance Summer|I yearned for the woman who could bring me to my knees then raise me up again, making me stronger than before.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|It was not an enemy that reproached me, then I could have borne it.Psalms, 55:12
Louise Erdrich, The Plague of Doves|The music was more than music- at least what we are used to hearing. The music was feeling itself. The sound connected instantly with something deep and joyous. Those powerful moments of true knowledge that we have to paper over with daily life. The music tapped the back of our terrors, too. Things we'd lived through and didn't want to ever repeat. Shredded imaginings, unadmitted longings, fear and also surprisingly pleasures. No, we can't live at that pitch. But every so often something shatters like ice and we are in the river of our existence. We are aware. And this realization was in the music, somehow, or in the way Shamengwa played it.
Bernie Sanders|There comes a time when a human being has to either face evil or admit to allowing it. Abortion is legal in the United States, but it should not be celebrated or used as a political tool. Viable babies are human beings.
Naya Rivera|At the time I came along, Hollywood's idea of teen movies meant there had to be a lot of nudity, usually involving boys in pursuit of sex, and pretty gross overall. Either that or a horror movie. And the last thing Hollywood wanted in their teen movies was teenagers!
Helen Thompson|Through music we may wander where we will in time, and find friends in every century.
Sung Yee Poon, FREE EASY MIND in Conflicts. Stress.Loss|The superb use the mind as mirror, not welcoming nor rejecting, reflect without hiding, and triumph without harming. (Chuang Tzu)
Patrick Lencioni|Business is a battlefield. You need to be able to go to battle with your team members. Like the military. Know them, trust them, and know who you're working with.
John F. Kennedy|For while this year it may be a Catholic against whom the finger of suspicion is pointed, in other years it has been, and may someday be again, a Jew--or a Quaker--or a Unitarian--or a Baptist. It was Virginia's harassment of Baptist preachers, for example, that helped lead to Jefferson's statute of religious freedom. Today I may be the victim- -but tomorrow it may be you--until the whole fabric of our harmonious society is ripped at a time of great national peril. Finally, I believe in an America where religious intolerance will someday end--where all men and all churches are treated as equal--where every man has the same right to attend or not attend the church of his choice--where there is no Catholic vote, no anti-Catholic vote, no bloc voting of any kind--and where Catholics, Protestants and Jews, at both the lay and pastoral level, will refrain from those attitudes of disdain and division which have so often marred their works in the past, and promote instead the American ideal of brotherhood. That is the kind of America in which I believe. And it represents the kind of Presidency in which I believe--a great office that must neither be humbled by making it the instrument of any one religious group nor tarnished by arbitrarily withholding its occupancy from the members of any one religious group. I believe in a President whose religious views are his own private affair, neither imposed by him upon the nation or imposed by the nation upon him as a condition to holding that office....This is the kind of America I believe in--and this is the kind I fought for in the South Pacific, and the kind my brother died for in Europe. No one suggested then that we may have a "divided loyalty," that we did "not believe in liberty," or that we belonged to a disloyal group that threatened the "freedoms for which our forefathers died.
Eileen Anglin|Accept all of you, the good with the bad, the successes with the failures, the times you shone and the mistakes you made. It will bring into a place of peace. It will help you to move forward with your life.
Nelson Mandela|Peace is not just the absence of conflict; peace is the creation of an environment where all can flourish regardless of race, color, creed, religion, gender, class, caste or any other social markers of difference.
Ray Bradbury, Zen in the Art of Writing|Every once in a bestseller list, you come across a truly exceptional craftsman, a wordsmith so adept at cutting, shaping, and honing strings of words that you find yourself holding your breath while those words pass from page to eye to brain. You know the feeling: you inhale, hold it, then slowly let it out, like one about to take down a bull moose with a Winchester .30-06. You force your mind to the task, scope out the area, take penetrating aim, and . . . read.But instead of dropping the quarry, you find you’ve become the hunted, the target. The projectile has somehow boomeranged and with its heat-sensing abilities (you have raised a sweat) darts straight towards you. Duck! And turn the page lest it drill between your eyes.
Carl T. Rowan|You're always learning. The problem is, sometimes you stop and think you understand the world. This is not correct. The world is always moving. You never reach the point you can stop making an effort.
Gregg Hurwitz|Maybe you're starting to move on, my love. But to fully do it, you have to let the guilt go. Gabriel will always be an important part of your life. I don't even want to imagine how difficult it is to move on, but a new love always helps. I can bet you will find it in MacCraig's arms. He may be domineering and commanding, but everyone has flaws.
Sylvia Earle|In your 20s you can be pretty, but you don't accomplish real beauty until you find wisdom and depth.
Bob Feller|The intersection of political analysis and Internet theory is a busy crossroad of cliche, where familiar rhetorical vehicles - decentralized authority, emergent leadership, empowered grass roots - create a ceaseless buzz.
Myles Connolly, Mr. Blue|Your failure is measured by your aspirations. Aspire not, and you cannot fail. Columbus died in chains. Joan or Arc was burned at the stake. Let us all live snugly -- and life will soon be little more than a thick, gelatinous stream of comfortability and ignorance.
Jennifer Senior, All Joy and No Fun: The Paradox of Modern Parenthood|Drawing from 1.7 million Gallup surveys collected between 2008 and 2012, researchers Angus Deaton and Arthur Stone found that parents with children at home age fifteen or younger experience more highs, as well as more lows, than those without children... And when researchers bother to ask questions of a more existential nature, they find that parents report greater feelings of meaning and reward -- which to many parents is what the entire shebang is about.
Neal Stephenson, Snow Crash|No book, however good, can survive a hostile reading.
Charles Rennie Mackintosh|You sought to preserve your creative instincts and what would nourish them. But neurosis itself does not nourish the artist, you know; he creates in spite of it, out of anything, any material given to him. The torments and hells of [crazy men], are not for you.
Perry Moore|Well they were going to have to do a whole lot better than this if they wanted us Creeds to feel bad. If they thought they could hurt me or dad just by messing with my head at a tryout and cutting me from the team they had another thing coming. If there is one thing we Creeds knew how to succeed at, it was failure.
Thea Harrison, Peanut Goes to School|Lottie tilted her head to one side and looked Maya up and down. "You're a little bit of a thing, but I hear you're good at stirring up big trouble.
Ally Carter, Only the Good Spy Young|If I were to kiss you then go to hell, I would. So then I can brag with the devils I saw heaven without ever entering it.
Nick Ortner, The Tapping Solution: A Revolutionary System for Stress-Free Living|Our mind takes an inventory of past events and uses them to project the probability of success in the future. Depending on the information it gathers, we either move forward—or thefear response is triggered and forward progress is circumvented. Page 48
Richelle E. Goodrich|Of course I want the moon. And were you to offer it, I'd propose as a trade the stars in my eyes.
|The land of abundance will always be big enough to accommodate us all, but we still have to make it there first.
Dan Sanders, The Circle of Six: Emily's Quest|It is the power of questions that embolden us and keep us as expectant children, all the while developing the power of human consciousness.
Oscar Bimpong|You cannot influence if you a reserve player. Until you get to the pitch to exhibit the difference you will bring to the team, you cannot influence the team to success.
Margie Warrell, Find Your Courage!|He said that doubt provided contour to faith, like shading in a drawing, that it allowed you to see what was really there. At the time we were learning how to sketch in art class, I felt like it was the one thing he said that I actually understood.
Cathy Burnham Martin, The Bimbo Has Brains: And Other Freaky Facts|Life belongs to optimists. Pessimists are just viewers. Making it real, starts with our attitude.
T.T. Escurel, The House of Rose|Jasmine believes in a prophecy that says she is destined to love a man named Josh Toby. Okay, fine. He could believe that. Hell, he had friends who believed carbohydrates were the work of the devil. True love made sense at least. 
Michael P. Naughton, Deathryde: Rebel Without a Corpse|Marry your offline and online systems. So when you meet someone in person, make sure to connect with them online, too!
Paul Walker|The biggest advice I can give loved ones who are supporting someone navigating a newly diagnosed mental illness is patience, patience, and patience.
Thomas Clarkson|No man ever did, nor ever shall, truly go forth to convert the nations, nor to prophesy in the present state of witnesses against Antichrist, but by the gracious inspiration and instigation of the Holy Spirit of God.
Vironika Tugaleva|The outside world can only trigger or block your experience of your true nature. Each time something beautiful takes your breath away, that’s you experiencing yourself. Each time you fall in love with someone, that’s you experiencing yourself. Each time a child’s smile gives you unspeakable joy, that’s you experiencing yourself. Your true nature is beautiful. Life is the art of rediscovering yourself, again and again, in different forms, celebrating, rejoicing, welcoming. You are beautiful. You are life itself.
Christina Engela, Bugspray|Large Squares, 1965 -Last BeetleThe body is much the same as the previous model, aside from increase in window size all round. Door handles and lock mechanisms also changed as well as seat and dashboard designs. Chrome beading became thinner, mounting holes for these also smaller. Chrome was later replaced by black anodizing or plastic to try and modernize the Bug. Tail light clusters changed from the oval shape to the ‘headstone’ and then the ‘elephant’s foot’ jumbo units the bug saw its last days with. In 1965 new larger windows all round. 1966 saw the last 6v bug, and also the first 1300cc motor. Those horrible little air vents behind the rear side windows came out in 1971 that caused lots of rusty bugs. Sloping headlights looked much nicer but went out in 1967.
Ezra Taft Benson|While you are going through your trial, you can recall your past victories and count the blessings that you do have with a sure hope of greater ones to allow if you are faithful.
Maryam Abdullah Alnaymi, How to be a Story Writer: A guide to successful story writing for all ages|I'm not asking you to describe the rain falling the night the archangel arrived; I'm demanding that you get me wet. Make up your mind, Mr. Writer, and for once in your life be the flowers that smells rather than the chronicler of the aroma. There's not much pleasure in writing what you live. The challenge is to live what you write.
Sarah Addison Allen, The Sugar Queen|Obedience to commandments is the way we build a foundation of truth. Here is the way that works, in words so simple that a child could understand: The truth of most worth is to know God our Heavenly Father, His Son, Jesus Christ, and Their plan for us to have eternal life with Them in families. When God communicates that priceless truth to us, He does it by the Spirit of Truth. We have to ask for it in prayer. Then He sends us a small part of that truth by the Spirit. It comes to our hearts and minds. It feels good, like the light from the sun shining through the clouds on a dark day. He sends...
Shōhei Ōoka, Fires on the Plain|...in the distance across the dark fields I saw a flame. With the rainy season, the fireflies had long since disappeared. What then could this be? The flame flickered, now brightly, no dimly, and sometimes it glowed like a halo, as if it had sunk deep into water.I was frightened by this flame. For in my heart I, too, carried a flame.
Terry Pratchett, Good Omens: The Nice and Accurate Prophecies of Agnes Nutter, Witch|Anyone who calls you "little lady" has already excluded you from the set of people worth listening to.
Lucy Dillon, The Secret of Happy Ever After|Libraries are as the shrine where all the relics of the ancient saints, full of true virtue, and that without delusion or imposture, are preserved and reposed.
Jayson Engay|Mathias shrugged. After all, a criminal lawyer is not concerned with facts. He is concerned with probabilities. It is the novelist who is concerned with facts, whose job it is to say what a particular man did do on a particular occasion: the lawyer does not, cannot be expected to go further than show what the ordinary man would be most likely to do under presumed circumstances.
Michael Atamanov, Stay on the Wing|That is a very Earthling question to ask, Mr. Pilgrim. Why you? Why us for that matter? Why anything? Because this moment simply is. Have you ever seen bugs trapped in amber?''Yes' Billy, in fact, had a paperweight in his office which was a blob of polished amber with three ladybugs embedded in it.'Well, here we are, Mr. Pilgrim, trapped in the amber of this moment. There is no why.
Belle Boyd|If the federal government had been around when the Creator was putting His hand to this state, Indiana wouldn't be here. It'd still be waiting for an environmental impact statement.
Khaled Hosseini, A Thousand Splendid Suns|Learn this now and learn it well. Like a compass facing north, a man’s accusing finger always finds a woman. Always. You remember that, Mariam.
Neymat Khan|Even when you are lazy and don't have the effort to learn something sit somewhere in public and try to observe the stupid people around you, that would be more than enough learning for the day.
Sandy Oshiro Rosen, Bare: The Misplaced Art of Grieving and Dancing|Century after century, the belief that an individual’s physical health was independent of his or her emotional health has so dominated medical thought that there has even been open contempt for anyone who would dare to claim that a person’s physical well-being is the sum of its internal and external influences.
Mary E. DeMuth, Everything: What You Give and What You Gain to Become Like Jesus|Growth comes in the aftermath of failure, not wild success.
Unarine Ramaru|We can do away with ignorance, if we take it upon ourselves to encourage each other to use our intelligence.
Lori Goodwin|In the history of battles and wars, the massacres of civilians were the main reason of revolutions success.
Joyce Meyer|On the intimate level, anyone who has loved a companion animal knows the uniquely wonderful experience these 'other nations' provide, and their important presence in our shared lives. In their very local way they show us the global truth of our real wealth, our biodiversity.
Ryan J. Pemberton, Called: My Journey to C. S. Lewis's House and Back Again|I think that’s what we are all meant to do, all we can do, with the gifts we have been given, be they experiences or talents. Those gifts are waiting to be used to touch others’ lives, as we patiently listen for and obediently follow the direction to which God is calling us. Because that’s what you do with gifts, you give them away.
Anne Gracie, The Perfect Rake|Did he know she could barely think, let alone speak, for awareness of proximity of his fingers?Of course he knew. He was a rake. This is what he did.
Gustave Flaubert|The reason people are so moved by art and why artists tend to take it all so seriously is that if they are real and true they come to the painting with everything they know and feel and live, and all the things they don't know, and some of the things they hope, and they are honest about them all and put them on the canvas. What can be more serious?
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|If we want truth and justice to rule our global village, there must be no hypocrisy. If there is no truth, then there will be no equality. No equality, no justice. No justice, no peace. No peace, no love. No love, only darkness.
|Always be thankful for what you had, what you have, and what you will have in the future.
Vera Nazarian, The Perpetual Calendar of Inspiration|The sand in the hourglass runs from one compartment to the other, marking the passage of moments with something constant and tangible.If you watch the flowing sand, you might see time itself riding the granules.Contrary to popular opinion, time is not an old white-haired man, but a laughing child.And time sings.
Jan C. Ting|If we want to set and enforce a limit on immigration, we have to be willing to say no to would-be immigrants who look a lot like our own ancestors, not because there's anything wrong with them, but simply because admitting them would exceed our legal limit.
Rebecca Solnit, Men Explain Things to Me|Every woman knows what I'm talking about. It's the presumption that makes it hard, at times, for any woman in any field; that keeps women from speaking up and from being heard when they dare; that crushes young women into silence by indicating, the way harassment on the street does, that this is not their world. It trains us in self-doubt and self-limitation just as it exercises men's unsupported overconfidence.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Nothing is so rewarding than the patience that you take to go over the ramps of life. They may slow you down, but you are an unstoppable hero. Keep driving!
Jane O'Connor, Fancy Nancy and the Mermaid Ballet|Feelings should never supersede rational thought... so, if you feel that you've got the answer, you should think some more.
Sam Kean|Despite the fact that every sport this side of badminton worries about concussions that result in brain damage, CTE, the National Hockey League refuses to accept the overwhelming medical science. Good grief - the NHL still permits fights.
Ellen J. Barrier|No one's happy here, you know that. But I am content, and maybe that's enough for me.
Elif Shafak|There was so much filth to clean up; so many broken pieces to fix; so many errors to correct. Every morning she left her house she let out a quiet sigh, as if in one breath she could will away detritus of the previous day.--Three Daughters of Eve
H.M. Forester, Game of Aeons|Now, sorcery rules the world. Of course, most don't call it sorcery; indeed, many would be horrified by such a notion. Instead, they use words like ideology, politics, defence, security, patriotism, commerce, industry, marketing, consumerism and belief. But where there is power-seeking, especially power over others or for oneself, though also over oneself, and be it wittingly or unwittingly conjured up, make no mistake: there is sorcery afoot. It just comes in different shades and colours, that's all.
Maria      Hernandez, Trapped|If your neighbor's lawn looks better than yours, don't let jealousy consume you ..... start working on yours. With love and dedication, your side will look better than their.
Jean-Jacques Rousseau, Confessions|So finally we tumble into the abyss, we ask God why he has made us so feeble. But, in spite of ourselves, He replies through our consciences: 'I have made you too feeble to climb out of the pit, because i made you strong enough not to fall in.
Cheryl Hersha, Secret Weapons: How Two Sisters Were Brainwashed To Kill For Their Country|I became skilled at covering my tracks, filling in the blanks. Sometimes the blanks were never filled. At other times, I would recall places where I had been or things I had done as if from a dream, which made the playback of my father and other men abusing me seem I even less real, fantasies conjured up from my imagination, not my memory. Perhaps somebody else’s memory. I didn’t think of myself as having mental-health problems. You don’t at sixteen. I thought of myself as being special, highly strung, moody.
Juvenal|What we did not imagine was a Web of people, but a Web of documents.
Jack London, White Fang|There is no remedy against this reversal of the natural order. Man cannot escape from his own achievement. He cannot but adopt the conditions of his own life. No longer in a merely physical universe, man lives in a symbolic universe. Language, myth, art, and religion are parts of this universe. They are the varied threads which weave the symbolic net, the tangled web of human experience. All human progress in thought and experience refines and strengthens this net. No longer can man confront reality immediately; he cannot see it, as it were, face to face. Physical reality seems to recede in proportion as man's symbolic activity advances. Instead of dealing with the things themselves man is in a sense constantly conversing with himself.He has so enveloped himself in linguistic forms, in artistic images, in mythical symbols or religious rites that he cannot see or know anything except by the interposition of this artificial medium. His situation is the same in the theoretical as in the practical sphere. Even here man does not live in a world of hard facts, or according to his immediate needs and desires. He lives rather in the midst of imaginary emotions, in hopes and fears, in illusions and disillusions, in his fantasies and dreams. 'What disturbs and alarms man,' said Epictetus, 'are not the things, but his opinions and fantasies about the things.
Taron Egerton|In March 1943, my parents, four-year-old sister and I were interned with other foreign civilians at Lunghua camp, a former teacher training college outside Shanghai, where we remained until the end of August 1945.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|Our lives are a picture of what we ought to do, what we need to do, what we are planning to do and what we want to do.
Blaque Diamond, His or Her Betrayal?|Michelle, since the first day I met you I knew you were the one for me. I knew that I would make you my wife. I love waking up to your beautiful face every morning and seeing you before I close my eyes each night. I love you with everything in me, and I promise to be the man that you need for the rest of our lifetime together. Would you do me the honor of being my wife?
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Beauty is not a need but an ecstasy.It is not a mouth thirsting nor an empty hand stretched forth,But rather a heart inflamed and a soul enchanted.It is not the image you would see nor the song you would hear,But rather an image you see though you close your eyes and a song you hear though you shut your ears.It is not the sap within the furrowed bark, nor a win attached to a claw,But rather a garden forever in bloom and a flock of angels forever in flight.Beauty is life when life unveils her holy face. But you are life and you are the veil.Beauty is eternity gazing at itself in the mirror.But you are eternity and you are the mirror.
Susan C. Young|Once you embrace that continuous change is a natural process for your growth and evolution, you will be reminded that who, what, and where you are now is a temporary condition. Understanding this fact is foundational for hope, positive change and resilient transformation.
Christine Amsden, The Immortality Virus|I’m not sure sex qualifies as R and R, but it’s a compromise I can live with.
CrimethInc., Anarchy and Alcohol|Action triggers reaction. An object somehow responds when we observe it.We just assume that we do objective. In fact, unconsciously we only want to see some parts of the object which do not evoke the bitter memories of our past.
Katherine McIntyre, Waking for Winter|Despite the way she rallied, the haunted look in her eyes was enough to break him, as lost and lonely as an abandoned child’s.
Dorothy L. Sayers, The Mind of the Maker|But for many writers, and to borrow a popular cliché, it’s like getting blood from a stone. You have the want and the desire, but with experience and time, your self-doubt becomes louder and your inner critic comes out to play. It silences your creativity. You feel you aren’t allowed to make mistakes.
Ellen J. Barrier|If you don't love yourself, it makes you incapable of knowing how to love another person.
Catherine Barnhoorn, Mila's Meals: The Beginning & The Basics|When feeding your children, do you want to fill their tummies? Or nourish their bodies?
Edward Robert Bulwer-Lytton|She understood that it had never just been about talent: it had also always been about money. Ethan was brilliant at what he did, and he might well have made it even if Ash’s father hadn’t encouraged him, but it really helped that Ethan had grown up in a sophisticated city, and that he had married into a wealthy family. Ash was talented, but not all that talented. This was the thing that no one said, not once. But of course it was fortunate that Ash didn’t have to worry about money while trying to think about art. Her wealthy childhood had given her a head start, and now Ethan had picked up where her childhood had left off.
Debasish Mridha|Our job is not to find the peace or create peace, but to find and eliminate all the obstacles on the way to the peace.
Walter Mosley, Debbie Doesn't Do It Anymore|They approach me in a half-hesitant sort of way, eye me curiously or compassionately, and then, instead of saying directly, How does it feel to be a problem? they say, I know an excellent colored man in my town; or, I fought at Mechanicsville; or, Do not these Southern outrages make your blood boil?
Paulo Coelho|I make up as little as possible. I spend a great deal of time on research, on finding all the available accounts of a scene or incident, finding out all the background details and the biographies of the people involved there, and I try to run up all the accounts side by side to see where the contradictions are and to look where things have gone missing. And it's really in the gap - it's in the erasures - that I think the novelist can best go to work because inevitably in history in any period, we know a lot about what happened, but we may be far hazier on why it happened. And there's always the question, why did it happen the way it did? Where was the turning point?
Robert Greene, The 33 Strategies of War|Understand: your mind is weaker than your emotions. But you become aware of this weakness only in moments of adversity--precisely the time whenyou need strength. What best equips you to cope with tthe heat of battle is neither more knowledge nor more intellect. What makes your mind stronger, and more able to control your emotions, is internal discipline and toughness.No one can teach you this skill; you cannot learn it by reading about it. Like any discipline, it can come only through practice, experience, even a little suffering. The first step in building up presence of mind is to see the need for ii -- to want it badly enough to be willing to work for it.
Sara Baume, A Line Made by Walking|It wasn’t one event, but a series of events followed by years of research adjudicated by panels of experts and committees of laypeople until a decision was finally made: we’ve been going about handling dead people all wrong.
Caitlin Moran, How to Be a Woman|Chris didn’t need to learn how to conquer fear. He had to embrace it, walk with it and listen to it.
Melina Marchetta, On the Jellicoe Road|If I had to wish for something, just one thing, it would be that Hannah would never see Tate the way I did. Never see Tate's beautiful, lush hair turn brittle, her skin sallow, her teeth ruined by anything she could get her hands on that would make her forget. That Hannah would never count how many men there were, or how vile humans can be to one another. That she would never see the moments in my life that were full of neglect, and fear, and revulsion, moments I can never go back to because I know they will slow me down for the rest of my life if I let myself remember them for one moment. Tate, who had kept Hannah alive that night, reading her the story of Jem Finch and Mrs. Dubose. And suddenly I know I have to go. But this time without being chased by the Brigadier, without experiencing the kindness of a postman from Yass, and without taking along a Cadet who will change the way I breath for the rest of my life.
Tessa Dare, One Dance with a Duke|I was afraid. Of getting hurt in other ways. To be truthful, I still am."His thumb stroked her cheek. "I would never hurt you.""I don't think you can promise me that." She squeezed his bruised fingers. "But it makes things a bit more equal, to know that I can hurt you, too."His gaze fell to her lips. He said simply, without any trace of irony, "You are killing me.
Craig Keener|Claims for theoccurrence of miraculous events will have to be evaluated ona case-by-case basis. There can be no general theory to coverthe character of unique events, but the refusal to contemplatethe possibility of revelatory disclosures of an unprecedentedkind would be an unacceptable limitation, imposed arbitrarilyon the horizons of religious thought.
Mordecai Richler, Barney's Version|Bad days my memory functions no better than an out-of-focus kaleidoscope, but other days me recall is painfully perfect.
Yaganesh Derasari|When Your Smile At Someone's Misery, Its Does Not Shows Your Tolerance. Its Reveals lack of Tears For Feeling.
John Zakour, The Doomsday Brunette|I can tell you that she's not breathing,” he said. “She has no heartbeat and all organ function and brain activity have stopped. Also her body temperature is now at seventy-three degrees.”“So you’re saying that she’s dead,” I said.“Well, I can't prove it, but, yes, I am leaning that way.
Edgar Allan Poe|What sweetness is left in life, if you take away friendship? Robbing life of friendship is like robbing the world of the sun. A true friend is more to be esteemed than kinsfolk.
Olivia Parker, At the Bride Hunt Ball|It took nearly a year to finish the ever-changing [marriage candidates] list, with the assistance of his sister and his aging spinster aunt, who lorded over their affairs as the self-appointed voice of cultivated reason. During this time, Gabriel struggled to convince straight-from-Oxford Tristan that he must marry, produce heirs, and maintain the family dukedom for Gabriel himself wouldn't marry. He knew he simply did not have the compulsion to inflict that sort of aggravation on a woman.
Gina Rodriguez|The work itself has a complete circle of meaning and counterpoint. And without your involvement as a viewer, there is no story.
M.F. Moonzajer|My Name Is Landon And Im 12 Years Old. Im No Philosepher Or a Religous Person. But Everyone Asks The Question, "Whats The Meaning Of Life. I Think The Meaning Is Also The Question... I Think We Live Life To Wonder... And To Ask, "What Is The Meaning Of Life". The Live To Get To The End And Find Out Why They Lived And What Was Their Purpose...
James Allen|If everyone realized this truth about their own inherent power to create and to attract whatever they desired, not everyone would want to be the president of a country, not everyone would want to live on that mansion on the hill, and not everyone would want the same things you would.
Michael Pollan, The Omnivore's Dilemma: A Natural History of Four Meals|An infinity of these tiny animals defoliate our plants, our trees, our fruits... they attack our houses, our fabrics, our furniture, our clothing, our furs ... He who in studying all the different species of insects that are injurious to us, would seek means of preventing them from harming us, would seek to cause them to perish, proposes for his goal important tasks indeed.
Richard Brookhiser, Founders' Son: A Life of Abraham Lincoln|By focusing on her career and taking a calculated approach to amassing power, Heidi violated our stereotypical expectations of women. Yet by behaving in the same manner, Howard lived up to our stereotypical expectations of men. The end result? Liked him, disliked her.
Kirstin Cronn-Mills, Beautiful Music for Ugly Children|We got up at 6am to go to school for a few years and we found it so challenging. Some people in our country have woken up at 6am every single morning for decades now so that this nation can wake up and see great mornings. I salute all those wonderful super humans who are inspiring a better tomorrow. Thank you, Teachers!
Robert M. La Follette|The Industry's at war. I think it's about control. You can make all of the financial arguments that the industry has been shooting itself in the foot, but it is an industry built on a foundation of ownership and exploitation of intellectual property rights.
Stephen King, It|Seven, Richie thought. That's the magic number. There has to be seven of us. That's the way it's supposed to be.
Madison Thorne Grey, Sustenance|Thais looked up from the book. For a moment he considered telling Kathel he didn't really see anything, but knew it would do no good to lie. "The book recognized me." Honesty won out. "Of course it did," Kathel said sarcastically. "Does it want a kiss hello?"-Madison Thorne Grey, Sustenance
Jeffrey Eugenides, Middlesex|Emotions, in my experience, aren't covered by single words.I don't believe in "sadness", "joy", or "regret".Maybe the best proof that the language is patriarchal is that is oversimplifies feeling. I'd like to have at my disposal complicated hybrid emotions.
Lewis Thomas, The Lives of a Cell: Notes of a Biology Watcher|It is in our collective behavior that we are the most mysterious. We won't be able to construct machines like ourselves until we've understood this, and we're not even close. All we know is the phenomenon: we spend our time sending messages to each other, talking and trying to listen at the same time, exchanging information. This seems to be our most urgent biological function; it is what we do with our lives. By the time we reach the end, each of us has taken in a staggering store, enough to exhaust any computer, much of it incomprehensible, and we generally manage to put out even more than we take in. Information is our source of energy; we are driven by it. It has become a tremendous enterprise, a kind of energy system on its own. All 3 billion of us are being connected by telephones, radios, television sets, airplanes, satellites, harangues on public-address systems, newspapers, magazines, leaflets dropped from great heights, words got in edgewise. We are becoming a grid, a circuitry around the earth.
Petra Hermans|Zahra, what happens to you when I make my last wish?”“When your third wish is granted, you will cease to be my master. You may possess the lamp, but you cannot call me. I will return to it and await the next Lampholder.”Abruptly he stands and walks across the room. When he reaches the wall, he turns and stares down at me. “So to win my revenge, I must lose you.
Nikki Reed|The big curse of America, to me, is skinless, boneless chicken breasts. They're banal and relatively flavorless. The rest of the world's trying to get some fat to eat, and we're trying to ban it from our diet.
Susan Barbara Apollon, An Inside Job: A Psychologist Shares Healing Wisdom for Your Cancer Journey|Negative feelings weigh you down and can keep you from experiencing healing, as surely as stones might weigh you down if you were trying to swim.
John Slattery|As a gay Jewish white South African, I belong to quite a lot of minority groups. You constantly have to question who you are, what you are and whether you have the courage to be who you are.
J.G. Ballard, Millennium People|As the sun disappeared below the horizon and its glare no longer reflected off a glassy sea, I thought of how beautiful the sunsets always were in the Pacific. They were even more beautiful than over Mobile Bay. Suddenly a thought hit me like a thunderbolt. Would I live to see the sunset tomorrow?
Tahereh Mafi|I thought that there was only one kind of love, one that developed instantaneously and struck you like a bolt of lightning, made you irrational and selfish like it did my parents. I realized too late that love took different forms and the one we had—” He cupped her face. “It was there, the first day we met, growing “gradually from friendship into what’s inside my heart now.” He brought her hand to his chest. “It’s there, steady, constant, making my heart beat for you, making my heart race when you’re near, making my heart sing like a goddamn canary when you’re happy. I never thought this kind of love existed until I had lost you.
Emraan Hashmi|Everyone carries his own inch rule of taste, and amuses himself by applying it, triumphantly, wherever he travels.
J. Budziszewski, On the Meaning of Sex|What your body does is unrelated to your heart. Don't believe it. The same survey reports that hooking up commonly takes place when both participants are drinking or drunk, and it's not hard to guess the reason why: After a certain amount of this, you may need to get drunk to go through with it.
C.S. Lewis|We cannot seek achievement for ourselves and forget about progress and prosperity for our community... Our ambitions must be broad enough to include the aspirations and needs of others, for their sakes and for our own.
Zoë Heller|He had made a fairly unambiguous pass at her, as she was getting out of the cab. But event that had come to nothing. Sheba said that she had sensed something resentful about him, as if he begrudged her for having the power to attract him.
Arthur Schopenhauer, The Wisdom of Life|There is not much to be got anywhere in the world. It is filled with misery and pain; if a man escapes these, boredeom lies in wait for him at every corner. Nay more; it is evil which generally has the upper hand, and folly that makes the most noise. Fate is cruel and mankind pitiable.
Sam Quinones, Dreamland: The True Tale of America's Opiate Epidemic|Under the influence, I am easily influenced. I try to keep my pants on, but some things are easier said than done.
Vernon Howard|Things change. I used to have a real resistance to it and hold on to things, but let things happen and go with it, and you will actually go through it, and it's a lot less stressful.
Maureen Corrigan, Leave Me Alone, I'm Reading: Finding and Losing Myself in Books|When you feel over confident, check if it is your arrogance speaking to you?
Barbara Kingsolver, The Lacuna|The difference between communism and socialism is that under socialism central planning ends with a gun in your face, whereas under communism central planning begins with a gun in your face.
Michele Jennae|Unless we can interpret that ecstatic trip in a way that better grounds our physical reality, trance isn’t worth much.
Immanuel Kant|Settle, for sure and universally, what conduct will promote the happiness of a rational being.
Gail Carson Levine, Ella Enchanted|He put his hand on my waist, and my heart began to pound, a rougher rhythm than the music. I held my skirt. Our free hands met. His felt warm and comforting and unsettling and bewildering--all at once.
Debasish Mridha|I am not here, I am somewhere else, my body is here but mind is in the sky
Craig D. Lounsbrough|If I see only my bias, I have surrendered to a single myopic lens through which to view the world. If I dare to surrender my bias, I will spend the rest of my life seeing the world and throwing away lenses.
Vikrmn, Corpkshetra|Let your feelings dream, dreams act, actions speak.
Chelsea Handler, Are You There, Vodka? It's Me, Chelsea|Obviously, if I was serious about having a relationship with someone long-term, the last people I would introduce him to would be my family.
Scott Stabile|How can we expect the world to change if we are unwilling to change ourselves? We hate the haters, judge the judgers, and refuse to forgive the supposed unforgivable. We are hypocrites, most of us, comfortable condemning others for the same things we do. Like sheep we follow, like wolves we attack, like fools we listen to the loudest voices, even when they scream nothing but hate. We are lost in our desire to be like everyone else, and paralyzed in our fear to be ourselves. We are desperate to feel safe amidst our cries for retaliation and more wars. Where is the common sense? If we want to end war, then be peaceful. If we want to know love, then stop hating. if we want to find happiness, then let go of negativity, and befriend gratitude. real change isn’t born from making the same choices over and over, especially choices muddied with insecurity and fear. we can’t wrest ourselves from darkness by turning out our light. everything just gets darker then. Let's worry less about changing the world and more about changing ourselves. That, we can do, each one of us. With commitment and work. And a single candle does wonders in even the darkest of nights.
Mike Mauthor, House Trap|Maloney looked around my room and nodded like he approved of the extravagance surrounding him: the inch-thick carpet with its diamond designs, the half moon flock of the wallpaper, and the antique furniture, polished to a museum quality shine. The two goons he brought with him flanked the door, equally impressed, I could tell by their dropped jaws and roving, wanton eyes. One of them set a briefcase on the floor beside him. Finally Maloney’s eyes found me, and his expression turned from amazement to shock.“I didn’t expect you to be--”“A Vampire?” I asked, feeling the touch of a smile form on my lips.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr.|There is a tragic flaw in our precious constitution, and I don't know what can be done to fix it. This is it: Only nut cases want to be president.
Michael Bassey Johnson|You know where I’m going to be, and you’ll know where I’ve been every step of my way to get there. You’ve made a hobby out of taking things away from me… a lot of them I never even knew to miss, but I know now. I know what you just took, and there’s no way you’re taking anything else from me. It’s time for me to start taking from you,” Wednesday said with a confidence in her voice that even she noticed and was proud to hear.“I thought you said you weren’t running from me anymore,” Klein said with a laugh in his voice.Her face was red, and she felt like she was on fire. She managed, summoning all her will, to keep herself from screaming and instead, keep an even and icy voice. “I’m not, you piece of shit. Now, I’m running at you.
Sunday Adelaja|That was a thing of wolves; they could know the past and the future, yet keep their attention on the hunt. Could he do the same? Allow himself to be consumed when needed, yet keep balance in other parts of his life?
Travis Kalanick|Architecture produces a musical mood in our inner being, and we notice that even though the elements of architecture and music appear to be so alien in the outer world, through this musical mood engendered in us, our experience of architecture brings about a reconciliation, a balance between these two elements.
F.C. Malby, Take Me to the Castle|Don't ever let anyone tell you that things can't be changed, that things can't be done. The can and they will, if we are united in what we believe.
Amy Grant|Love cannot express the idea of music, while music may give an idea of love.
Edward T. Welch, When People Are Big and God is Small: Overcoming Peer Pressure, Codependency, and the Fear of Man|It is possible that our present-day discussion about needs might be framed more by secular psychological theories than by Scripture. If this is so, we should be careful about saying, "Jesus meets all our needs." At first, this has a plausible biblical ring to it. Christ _is_a friend; God _is_ a loving Father; Christians _do_ experience a sense of meaningfulness and confidence in knowing God's love. It makes Christ the answer to our problems. Yet if our use of the term "needs" is ambiguous, and its range of meaning extends all the way to selfish desires, then there will be some situations where we should say that Jesus does not intend to meet our needs, but that he intends to change our needs.
David Benedictus|Public schoolboys are not merely conservatives, they are by nature totalitarian reactionaries.
Jalaluddin Rumi|I watched a lot of YouTube videos of cute geeky girls playing '80s cover tunes on ukuleles. Technically, this wasn't part of my research, but I had a serious cute-geeky-girls-playing-ukuleles fetish that I can neither explain nor defend.
Andy Stanley, Fields Of Gold|mostly we've had to found ways to amuse ourselves.""Really?" Valkyrie asked. "Like what?"Plight's smile faded. "Like human sacrifice."He grabbed one arm and Lenka grabbed the other and Valkyrie cried out.Then they both let go. laughing."Naw," Plight said, we just play board games."..."she fell for it!" gasped Lenka. "She fell for the human sacrifice bit!
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|Will I see you again?”I turned to him and I shrugged. “If what we feel is real, then yes I have no doubt we will.
Kerry Okines, Old Before My Time: Hayley Okines' Life with Progeria|Life is like defusing a bomb, once you cut the wrong wire your whole life is ruined.
Larry Atchley Jr.|Our past is the forge upon which we are hardened and tempered, to prepare us for the present. We are like a fine blade that must be hammered into shape before it can be ready to make its finest cuts.
Thomas Perez|Most of us accept that although we may believe our dreams to be real events, upon waking, we can tell the difference between nocturnal hallucinations and reality.
Curtis White, The Spirit of Disobedience: Resisting the Charms of Fake Politics, Mindless Consumption, and the Culture of Total Work|...This is the arena in which a spiritualized disobedience means most. It doesn't mean a second New Deal, another massive bureaucratic attack on our problems. It doesn't mean taking to the streets, throwing bricks through the window at the Bank of America, or driving a tractor through the local McDonald's. It means living differently. It means taking responsibility for the character of the human world. That's a real confrontation with the problem of value. In short, refusal of the present is a return to what Thoreau and Ruskin called "human fundamentals, valuable things," and it is a movement into the future. This movement into the future is also a powerful expression of that most human spiritual emotion, Hope.p.124
George R.R. Martin, A Game of Thrones|He drew the dagger and laid it on the table between them; a length of dragonbone and Valyrian steel, as sharp as the difference between right and wrong, between true and false, between life and death.
Joyce Meyer|My parents were definitely on the incentive side of parenting. Like, they told me that my father had learned to read when he was three. So, of course, I thought I had to, too.
Sigmund Freud|It would be a very long time before we saw any of our original pursuers again. At least, it seemed kinda long. But nothing warps time quite like childhood. I remember visits to faraway worlds that lasted only a few days but felt like entire lifetimes. And then there were the endless journeys between destinations that somehow went by in the blink of an eye. You know how it goes.
Oliver Markus, Sex and Crime: Oliver's Strange Journey|When people give one star ratings, they seem to be trying to make a point. In my opinion, one star ratings don't make a constructive point. They are just unfair put downs to creativity.
Blaise Pascal|When we read too fast or too slowly, we understand nothing.
Francis of Assisi|Lord, make me an instrument of thy peace.Where there is hatred, let me sow love,Where there is injury, pardon;Where there is doubt, faith;Where there is despair, hope;Where there is darkness, light;And where there is sadness, joy.O Divine Master, grant that I may not so much seek to be consoled as to console, to be understood as to understand, to be loved, as to love.For it is in giving that we receive,It is in pardoning that we are pardoned,and it is in dying that we are born to eternal life.
Julian Barnes, A History of the World in 10½  Chapters|History isn't what happened, history is just what historians tell us.
Nikki Rowe|She's a gypsy girl living in a materialistic world, Unattached to most things but in love with life itself.
Gudjon Bergmann, More Likely to Quote Star Wars than the Bible: Generation X and Our Frustrating Search for Rational Spirituality|Breaking away from old psychological memes requires a Herculean effort in many cases. In essence, we are outgrowing a worldview while maintaining a relation-ship of sorts. Transcending an ideology can feel like going through a divorce and having to stay friends because of the kids.
Stefan Szczelkun, Class Myths and Culture|The radical implication of the expansion of higher education has been disguised by a myth which dubs all educated working class people as middle class. By definition working class people are not intelligent, so if you've got a degree you must be middle class. This nonsense is reinforced by the fact that acedemic traditions are laden with class assumptions and are presented in upper class styles even in the Polytechnics.
Chip Ingram, Spiritual Simplicity: How Loving More Means Doing Less|Love says, "I'm with you, let's deal with it.
Marilyn Manson|Wisdom is nothing but a preparation of the soul, a capacity, a secret art of thinking, feeling and breathing thoughts of unity at every moment of life.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie|Whiteness has been, above all, a racial formation that presupposed and reproduced relations of inequality and domination between "whites" and their racial others.
Daniel Silva, The Unlikely Spy|We get up in the morning and do what we must to survive. Nothing else is true, and nothing else matters.
Miriam Pawel, The Union of Their Dreams: Power, Hope, and Struggle in Cesar Chavez's Farm Worker Movement|I am thankful that in the giving we receive, and what we receive is the satisfaction of knowing that whatever we give is always bigger once we’ve given it away.
Jesseca Wheaton, A Place Called Lonesome|I answered the call to heal before I answered the call of duty to my country. My job is to help and heal, not to destroy.
Ernest Renan|The world is... the natural setting of, and field for, all my thoughts and all my explicit perceptions. Truth does not inhabit only the inner man, or more accurately, there is no inner man, man is in the world, and only in the world does he know himself.
Auliq Ice|When you find yourself writing, reading, or listening the delivery of words when spoken? You know the melody of wordplay. “& I love Wordplay
Bai Ling|Our moral, religious, and political traditions are united in their respect for the dignity of human life.
Paul Keating|Individual and corporate support is vital to building on London's leadership in the arts, and I hope others will join me in wanting to build on the National's role at the heart of modern theatre and sustaining it long into the future.
Noam Chomsky, Class Warfare: Interviews with David Barsamian|... it will appear that there is no such thing as fixed capital; there is nothing useful that is very old except the precious metals, and all life consists in the conversion of forms. The only capital which is of permanent value is immaterial--the experience of generations and the development of science.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When you are unsure whether or not something is wrong, ask yourself these questions: Does this glorify God? Can I offer a prayer of thanksgiving for it? Does it draw me closer to Christ, or does it make me preoccupied with this world? Will it harm my health or hurt me in some other way? Will it cause someone else to stumble spiritually or morally? I have never forgotten what a wise Christian said to me many years ago: “When in doubt—don’t!
Samuel R. Delany, Babel-17|You know what I do? I listen to other people, stumbling about with their half thoughts and half sentences and their clumsy feelings that they can't express, and it hurts me. So I go home and burnish it and polish it and weld it to a rhythmic frame, make the dull colors gleam, mute the garish artificiality to pastels, so it doesn't hurt any more: that's my poem. I know what they want to say, and I say it for them.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Young people, look to your Bible when thinking about any matter, including getting married.
Luggs|Not one of the boys like me. I’ve put their noses out of joint.”“Well, they were never good-looking lads.
Gary Kowalski, The Souls of Animals|We are mortals all, human and nonhuman, bound in one fellowship of love and travail. No one escapes the fate of death. But we can, with caring, make our good-byes less tormented. If we broaden the circle of our compassion, life can be less cruel.
Tom Spanbauer, In the City of Shy Hunters|Beside me the monstrumologist murmured, "I believe I am in hell, therefore I am there.
Phil Knight, Shoe Dog: A Memoir by the Creator of NIKE|For some, I realize, business is the all-out pursuit of profits, period, full stop, but for us business was no more about making money than being human is about making blood.
|One of the surest ways to give up on your goals, is to chase them all at once.
Igor Eliseev|What is the point of living if we are going to die anyway? What difference does it make if it’s going to happen now or later? All we have to do is to take a step and jump off; that will resolve all problems, answer all questions at a time. And what if we are already flying down? We have jumped off, – perhaps, right after the birth, – not even knowing about it! The ground is already near; we just have the last moment to live and finally realize we are already dead for a long time.
Karan Mahajan|When I travel abroad, because I'm Columbian, I'm always one that they check twice and security and I'm the one that they open my bag and the one they pull to the side to check the visa.
Robin Bielman, Take a Risk Bundle|But make no mistake about it, Jordan. When the time is right and you're ready" - he trailed his forefinger along the edge of her palm and stilled when she shivered in response - "I have every intention of getting you into bed. And sleeping will have little to do with it.
Wendell Phillips|How prudently most men creep into nameless graves, while now and then one or two forget themselves into immortality.
Farshad Asl|If You See Things As It Is, You Will Never Know What It Is
Gabrielle Zevin, Elsewhere|Saying you're through with romance is like saying you're done with living, Betty. Life is better with a little romance, you know.
Kim Fowley, Lord of Garbage|Everyone just wants to be like that Somebody else. Ironically, that Somebody wishes to just be like everyone else. If this is achieved, however, individuality is annihilated.
Lawrence H. Levy, Second Street Station|Mary's reading list betrayed her passion for forensics and detective novels. There were so many scientific journals and books randomly strewn around her little one-room apartment that it looked like the Great White Hurracane had struck inside.It's all part of my decorating scheme Mary would quip. This may look like the work of a slob, but if you look closer, you'll realize it's my way of giving color to an awfully drab floor.
Sara Chang|We do not know the future, but we are creating it now. How we align the vision we have for a livable place with intelligent actions is what the future of mankind will be. It is all we can do to perfect ourselves. Nature will determine the rest.
Susan Bischoff, Heroes 'Til Curfew|Dylan, while he is in the shower and he and Joss are only seperated by the curtain and his invisibility:Dylan: "Maybe if you would come in here and scrub my back it would speed things up."Joss: "I'm not invisible."Dylan: "I know this.
John Battelle|I've always shied away from computers, the Internet and all that. I'm a bit more traditional, really - pick up a newspaper, pick up a phone.
Kiera Cass, The One|I want everything with you, America. I want the holidays and the birthdays, the busy season and lazy weekends. I want peanut butter fingertips on my desk. I want inside jokes and fights and everything. I want a life with you.
Joe Hill, NOS4A2|[Lou]: “I’m not talking about the angioplasty. I mean the stuff you’re pumping into me. What is it? Something serious?”[Nurse]: “Oh. This is nothing. You’re not going under the knife today, so you don’t get the good shit. This is a blood-thinning agent. Also, it’ll mellow you out. Got to keep the mellows going.”[Lou]: “It’ll put me to sleep?”[Nurse]: “Faster than a marathon of Dr. Quinn, Medicine Woman.
Clifford D. Simak|I sometimes think," said Jason, " that the soul may be a state of mind.
Dean Koontz, Odd Interlude: A Special Odd Thomas Adventure|So many things in my continuing education are learned by going where I have to go and doing what I have to do. Therefore, my only answer is: "I guess I'll find out.
Debbie Ford|This is important: to get to know people, listen, expand the circle of ideas. The world is crisscrossed by roads that come closer together and move apart, but the important thing is that they lead towards the Good.
R.K. Ryals, Fist of the Furor|But at the very moment she was thinking these thoughts, adventure, as she afterwards told my Mother, was stalking her.
Sara  Humphreys, Vampire Trouble|He was gargoyle. Tonight, his mate would learn exactly what that meant.
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty|WHORES.Necessary in the nineteenth century for the contraction of syphilis, without which no one could claim genius.
Paul Watzlawick|If we don't empower ourselves with knowledge, then we're gonna be led down a garden path.
Lisa   Marie|In life, we go through unexpected challenges that arises in our journey in succeeding, do not let any negativity taint your life with any misleading directions. Let the rejoice of your journey be with you all times, with the power of your soul and heart can combat any obstacle with time and gradual patience
Terry Pratchett, Mort|Sometimes life has a cruel sense of humor, giving you the thing you always wanted at the worst time possible.
Graham Spaid, tireless:|That's not a religion, that's Pokemon.
James David Lewis-Williams, The Mind in the Cave: Consciousness and the Origins of Art|Around 30,000 years ago, in the Aurignacian, at the beginning of the Upper Palaeolithic, someone or some group in the Eyzies region invented drawing, the representation in two dimensions on the flat of the stone of what appeared in the environment in three dimensions.
Jim Brown|The will is a beast of burden. If God mounts it, it wishes and goes as God wills; if Satan mounts it, it wishes and goes as Satan wills; Nor can it choose its rider... the riders contend for its possession.
Dark Jar Tin Zoo, Love Quotes for the Ages. Specifically Ages 19-91.|I love being in love, but I also love other things, like not being jealous, overly sensitive, or needy. 
Kamini Arichandran|Be a goal-setter, a go-getter, all the while, moving, in humility and kindness.
Calvin W. Allison, Strong Love Church|Sometimes there are moments in life that defy human reasoning; unique occurrences that simply cannot properly be resolved with the natural mind. So it’s only when one reaches further than themselves, and out into the unseen realm of faith, that life’s most miraculous moments cantruly be discerned. For it is in these moments that God is making more known the reality of His existence; and more known to we who believe, the greatness of His power and love.
Victoria Stoklasa, Sign It Into Law: How to Put Your Petition on the Ballot|We must sober up and admit that too many of the Republicans and the Democrats have played us, lied to us and stolen from us, while the getaway car was driven by the media. A media that can no longer claim with a straight face the role of journalist. Journalists print the things the powerful don’t want printed. What they do is public relations. Those PR firms will not print the truth about the average American who finds himself concerned with the direction of our country today. So we must. We are not violent. We are not racist. We are not anti immigrant. We are not anti-government. And we will not be silent anymore.
Rhys Darby|It's so funny, you go to acting school thinking you're going to learn how to be other people, but really it taught me how to be myself. Because it's in understanding yourself deeply that you can lend yourself to another person's circumstances and another person's experience.
Non Nomen, The Unwords|The will of life and death, never share the same motivation...we all know that love is the ultimate motive to die for...but let’s not kid ourselves......we all know the ultimate motive to rise back from the dead is vengeance.
Jim Butcher, Proven Guilty|Gotta have my make up, in case I run into Joey and he wants to beat the shit out of me. Gotta look my best! Maybe he'll punch me repeatedly in the kidneys and the stomach so it doesn't mark up my face. He's so thoughtful!
Beverly Engel, The Emotionally Abusive Relationship: How to Stop Being Abused and How to Stop Abusing|Because women tend to turn their anger inward and blame themselves, they tend to become depressed and their self-esteem is lowered. This, in turn, causes them to become more dependent and less willing to risk rejection or abandonment if they were to stand up for themselves by asserting their will, their opinions, or their needs. Men often defend themselves against hurt by putting up a wall of nonchalant indifference. This appearance of independence often adds to a woman's fear of rejection, causing her to want to reach out to achieve comfort and reconciliation. Giving in, taking the blame, and losing herself more in the relationship seem to be a small price to pay for the acceptance and love of her partner. As you can see, both extremes anger in and anger out-create potential problems. While neither sex is wrong in the way they deal with their anger, each could benefit from observing how the other sex copes with their anger. Most men, especially abusive ones, could benefit from learning to contain their anger more instead of automatically striking back, and could use the rather female ability to empathise with others and seek diplomatic resolutions to problems. Many women, on the other hand, could benefit from acknowledging their anger and giving themselves permission to act it out in constructive ways instead of automatically talking themselves out of it, blaming themselves, or allowing a man to blame them. Instead of giving in to keep the peace, it would be far healthier for most women to stand up for their needs, their opinions, and their beliefs.
Charlie Jane Anders, All the Birds in the Sky|I am not scoffing at goodness, which is far more difficult to explain than evil, and just as complicated. But sometimes it's hard to put up with.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Circumnavigated Fairyland in a Ship of Her Own Making|Stories have a way of changing faces. They are unruly things, undisciplined, given to delinquency and the throwing of erasers. This is why we must close them up into thick, solid books, so they cannot get out and cause trouble.
John Seabrook, The Song Machine: Inside the Hit Factory|You can get in a car in Maine and drive all the way to California and hear the same Top 40 songs on the same chain broadcasters,” bemoaned the report.
Thomm Quackenbush, Of Christmas Present|The body tries to stop the mind from killing itself, no matter the cost. It is only the lack of strength, the fatigue that lets the jumpers fall at last.
Criss Jami, Diotima, Battery, Electric Personality|I think that there are excellent and poor thinking habits just as there are healthy and unhealthy eating habits; and when a man really knows how to think, you cannot necessarily assert that he thinks too much in a strictly negative connotation. Perhaps this is in a sense food for thought, whereas the other is fool for thought.
Dejan Stojanovic, The Sun Watches the Sun|Arrival in the world is really a departure and that, which we call departure, is only a return.
Carol Oates, Something Wicked|Help me,” I sobbed. “I beg you, help me.” My eyes burned, butno tears came. I had lost the basic human ability to weep. Human…Iam no longer human. “Destroy me. Take pity and send me on my way.
Susan Cain|Stuxnet, Duqu and Flame are not normal, everyday malware, of course. All three of them were most likely developed by a Western intelligence agency as part of covert operations that weren't meant to be discovered. The fact that the malware evaded detection proves how well the attackers did their job.
Raymond Chandler|Silence hung around the corners, draped like spider webs across all surfaces and hanging like smog in the air.
Leigh Ann Edwards, The Chieftain's Daughter|I've no plans to couple with anyone other than my new bride for the next century or so, and it feels as though it's takin' a century to get to it!
E. F. Schumacher|In a spiritual sense, a positive attitude may help you get through chemotherapy and surgery and radiation and what have you. But a positive mental attitude does not cure cancer - any more than a negative mental attitude causes cancer.
Sue Monk Kidd, The Mermaid Chair|I can't explain that, except to say there's release in knowing the truth no matter how anguishing it is. You come finally to the irreducible thing, and there's nothing left to do but pick it up and hold it. Then, at least, you can enter the severe mercy of acceptance.
Michael Ben Zehabe, A Commentary on Jonah|A king who is renowned for mercy," said the Arobern, with heavy irony, "must also be renowned in equal measure for injustice.
Bonnie Kelso, Vitalize Your Creative Life|Creativity is a state of mind, a way of being, and it comes from a sacred place within.
Kelly Link, Stranger Things Happen|This is the list you carry in your pocket, of the things you plan to say to Kay, when you find him, if you find him:1. I’m sorry that I forgot to water your ferns while you were away that time.2. When you said that I reminded you of your mother, was that a good thing?3. I never really liked your friends all that much.4. None of my friends ever really liked you.5. Do you remember when the cat ran away, and I cried and cried and made you put up posters, and she never came back? I wasn’t crying because she didn’t come back. I was crying because I’d taken her to the woods, and I was scared she’d come back and tell you what I’d done, but I guess a wolf got her, or something. She never liked me anyway.6. I never liked your mother.7. After you left, I didn’t water your plants on purpose. They’re all dead.8. Goodbye.9. Were you ever really in love with me?10. Was I good in bed, or just average?11. What exactly did you mean, when you said that it was fine that I had put on a little weight, that you thought I was even more beautiful, that I should go ahead and eat as much as I wanted, but when I weighed myself on the bathroom scale, I was exactly the same weight as before, I hadn’t gained a single pound?12. So all those times, I’m being honest here, every single time, and anyway I don’t care if you don’t believe me, I faked every orgasm you ever thought I had. Women can do that, you know. You never made me come, not even once.13. So maybe I’m an idiot, but I used to be in love with you.14. I slept with some guy, I didn’t mean to, it just kind of happened. Is that how it was with you? Not that I’m making any apologies, or that I’d accept yours, I just want to know.15. My feet hurt, and it’s all your fault.16. I mean it this time, goodbye.
James Wan|If you come down to it, there's only a handful of worlds that action films live in. You have your car chases, your gun fights, and your fights.
Lawrence Durrell, Justine|For us artists there waits the joyous compromise through art with all that wounded or defeated us in daily life; in this way, not to evade destiny, as do the ordinary people, but to fulfill it in its true potential - the imagination.
Bethany Mota|I am excited to partner with Aeropostale for my very own collection. It was a great experience to be able to work with them. Not only did I get to design an entire fashion line, but I got to do it at a great price point with quality clothes, both of which are very important to me.
Marcel Proust, The Captive & The Fugitive|I was so much in the habit of having Albertine with me, and now I suddenly saw a new aspect of Habit. Hitherto I had regarded it chiefly as an annihilating force which suppresses the originality and even the awareness of one's perceptions; now I saw it as a dread deity, so riveted to one's being, its insignificant face so incrusted in one's heart, that if it detaches itself, if it turns away from one, this deity that one had barely distinguished inflicts on one sufferings more terrible than any other and is then as cruel as death itself.
Cody Sands|Since good days don’t always last, make sure that you’ve made the best of those days while you still have them.
Kirstin Jackson|Voters inclined to loathe and fear elite Ivy League schools rarely make fine distinctions between Yale and Harvard. All they know is that both are full of rich, fancy, stuck-up and possibly dangerous intellectuals who never sit down to supper in their undershirt no matter how hot the weather gets.
Hugh MacLeod|The old ways are dead. And you need people around you who concur. That means hanging out more with the creative people, the freaks, the real visionaries, than you're already doing. Thinking more about what their needs are, and responding accordingly. Avoid the dullards; avoid the folk who play it safe. They can't help you anymore. Their stability model no longer offers that much stability. They are extinct, they are extinction.
Avina Celeste|All my life, I've been trying to fill an emptiness inside. But that emptiness...I've built myself around it. Filling it in would be like filling in the empty space within a cathedral.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|I don’t know how to save the world, though I do know it involves a great deal of love and kindness.
Aristide Briand|The time is coming when the pressure of population on the means of subsistence will be felt here as it is now felt in Europe and Asia. Then will the world enter upon a new stage of its history - the final competition of races, for which the Anglo-Saxon is being schooled.
Plato, Apology/Crito/Phaedo|Less abject but more shocking was the letter from the Founder of the Calvary Tabernacle Association in Oklahoma: Professor Einstein, I believe that every Christian in America will answer you, 'We will not give up our belief in our God and his son Jesus Christ, but we invite you, if you do not believe in the God of the people of this nation, to go back where you came from.' I have done everything in my power to be a blessing to Israel, and then you come along and with one statement from your blasphemous tongue, do more to hurt the cause of your people than all the efforts of the Christians who...
Terry Pratchett, Equal Rites|The most exquisite pleasure in the practice of medicine comes from nudging a layman in the direction of terror, then bringing him back to safety again.
Sameh Elsayed|Metaphors are tiny saviors leading the way out of sentimentality, small disciples of Pound, urging "Say it new! Say it new!" It's hard for emotion to feel flat if its language is suitably novel, to feel excessive if its rendering is suitably opaque. Metaphors translate emotion into surprising and sublime language, but they also help us deflect and diffuse the glare of revelation.
Captain B. F. 'Hawkeye' Peirce, M*A*S*H|War isn't hell. War is war, and Hell is hell, and of the two, war is a lot worse.
Peter Jackson|We have to provide more visibility, more certainty to the investors and reduce the cost of failure.
Barbara  Schoichet|I only had to drop acid once to know that Timothy Leary was right about questioning authority.Motorcycling is like life. There's nothing solid about it. Something not even the asphalt under your tires.Time on a motorcycle is unlike time spent anywhere else. There are moments lost in the landscape, seconds devoted solely to balance, and long stretches spent spiraling inward.
Wilbur J. Cobb|There is no such word as Genius, it is just the combination of hard work and determination.
G.E. Moore, Principia Ethica|Good, then, is indefinable....
Charlotte Eriksson|You’re thinking, maybe it would be easier to let it sliplet it gosay ”I give up” one last time and give him a sad smile.You’re thinkingit shouldn’t be this hard,shouldn’t be this dark,thinkinglove could flow easily with no holding backand you’ve seen others find their match and build something greattogether,of each other,like two halves fitting perfectly and now they achieve great thingsone by one, always together, and it seems grand.But you love him. Love him like a black stone in your chest you couldn’t live without because it fits in there. Makes you who you are and the thought of him gone—no more—makes your chest tighten up and maybe this is your fairytale. Maybe this is your castle.You could get it all on a shiny piece of glass with wooden stools and a neverending blooming gardenbut that’s not yours. This is yours. The cracks and the faults, the ugly words in the winterwalking home alone and angrybut falling asleep thinking you love him.This is your fairy tale. The quiet in the hallway, wishing for him to turn around, tell you to stay, tell you to please don’t go I need youlike you need meand maybe it’s not a Jane Austen novel but this is your novel and your castleand you can run from it your whole life but this is herein front of you.Maybe nurture it?Sweet girl, maybe close the world off and look at him for an houror two.This is your fairy. It ain’t perfect and it ain’t honey sweet with roses on the bed.It’s real and raw and ugly at times. But this is your love. Don’t throw it away searching for someone else’s love. Don’t be greedy. Instead, shelter it. Protect it. Capture every second of easy, pull through every storm of hardship. And when you can, look at him, lying next to you, trusting you not to harm him. Trusting you not to go. Be someone’s someone for someone.Be that someone for him.That’s your fairy tale. This is your castle.Now move in. Build a home. Build a house. Build a safety around things you love. It’s yours if you make it so.Welcome home, sweet girl, it will be all be fine.
Karl Pilkington|I believe if the white and colored people could get together and be let alone, they would understand each other and consequently love each other.
Henry T. Blackaby, Spiritual Leadership: Moving People on to God's Agenda|God doesn't want people to do what they think is best: he wants them to do what he knows is best, and no amount of reasoning and intellectualizing will discover that.
J.D. Robb, Naked in Death|You know, lieutenant, you wear your weapon the way other women wear pearls.""It's not a fashion accessory.
Gloria Steinem|I don't think it's more difficult for actors to have a good marriage than anyone. I think, in the end, a really important component of any relationship is honesty, and it also comes down to luck.
Nadia Bolz-Weber|Every time I go look for God amidst sorrow, I always find Jesus at the cross, in death and resurrection. This is our God.
Sarah Kay|Life will hit you hard in the face, wait for you to get back up just so it can kick you in the stomach. But getting the wind knocked out of you is the only way to remind your lungs how much they like the taste of air.
Robin Hobb, Golden Fool|To be part of a family, or any community, is to have duties and responsibility, to be bound by the rules of that group.
Charlotte Brontë, Villette|A strong, vague persuasion that it was better to go forward than backward, and that I could go forward— that a way, however narrow and difficult, would in time open— predominated over other feelings: its influence hushed them so far, that at last I became sufficiently tranquil to be able to say my prayers and seek my couch. I had just extinguished my candle and lain down, when a deep, low, mighty tone swung through the night. At first I knew it not; but it was uttered twelve times, and at the twelfth colossal hum and trembling knell, I said: “I lie in the shadow of St. Paul’s.
Lisa Van Allen, The Night Garden|I wanted to thank you," I said.She wrinkled her nose and squinted like I'd said something funny. "Thank me for what?" she said."You give me strength I didn't know I had,"; I said. "You make me better.
Shanna Swendson, Enchanted, Inc.|Like the Arthurian years at Camelot, the Sixties constituted a breakthrough, a fleeting moment of glory, a time when a significant little chunk of humanity briefly realised its moral potential and flirted with its neurological destiny, a collective spiritual awakening that flared brilliantly until the barbaric and mediocre impulses of the species drew tight once more the curtains of darkness.
Russell Hoban, Riddley Walker|Edwin is prepared to believe that a glass exists. And further, that this glass holds liquid.
Rachel Aaron, One Good Dragon Deserves Another|Bit naïve, isn’t it? So much for the Age of Enlightenment.”“I grew up believing in dragons,” du Bois pointed out.
Jim Britts|Life is a journey, not so much to a destination, but a transformation.
Maureen Johnson, The World of the Golden Compass: The Otherworldly Ride Continues|Claim whatever you want. Say you only want a happy family or a successful career or a big house. I say: no, that's not what you want. You'll settle for those things, but you really want a monkey that does your evil bidding. Pullman is a genius just for this.
Emory R. Frie, Wonderland|Time is drowning,Hearts are burning,Heads are rolling,Nothing can save you now,Tick tock, tick tock;Creatures talking,Weak are rising,White Queen’s nearing,Nothing can save you now,Tick tock, tick tock;Cards are bleeding,Crowns are sweating,Tea is spilling,Nothing can save you now,Tick tock, tick tock;Red Queen, here’s your warning,Wonderland’s raging,Alice is coming,Highness, time is drowning,And nothing can save you now,Tick tock, tick tock, tick tock…
Gudjon Bergmann, Living in the Spirit of Yoga: Take Yoga Off the Mat and Into Your Everyday Life|Success is directly proportional to one's ability to turn inward. Yoga is a journey that facilitates the process of reaching inward. Deeper you reach within your inner cosmos, greater will be your understanding of and influence in the outer world. It is this understanding and influence that determines the degree of your success.
Bob Dylan|You loan your friend money. You see them again, they don't say nothin' 'bout the money. 'Hi, how ya doin'? How's ya mama doing?' Man, how's my money doin'?
James Jones|Warden had a theory about women: For years he had been asking them to sleep with him, the ones that interested him. "Will you go to bed with me?" and they were always shocked, even the rummy barflies. Of course, they always did, but that was only later, after he had fulfilled the proper requirements of approach. No woman ever said, "Why, yes, I'd like to go to bed with you." They couldn't do it. It wasnt in them to be that honest.
Katherine Paterson, Bridge to Terabithia|Everybody gets scared sometimes, May Belle. You don't have to be ashamed.
John Ashbery|A little bunny or some kind of ferret was probablythere too, and bore witness as only rodents can.
Gina Ardito, Chasing Adonis|You should know by now that love is never a weakness, Ares. Love is the mortal world’s greatest strength.
Quentin R. Bufogle|The only candidate I'd allow to play my music would be Bigfoot, and unless we're talking about foraging for squirrels, he's notoriously apolitical.
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|Knowing me better than I think anyone shouldExcept, perhapsNo, probablyNo, definitelyDefinitely except you
Robert Greene, The 33 Strategies of War|Understand: your mind is weaker than your emotions. But you become aware of this weakness only in moments of adversity,precisely the time whenyou need strength. What best equips you to cope with tthe heat of battle is neither more knowledge nor more intellect. What makes your mind stronger, and more able to control your emotions, is internal discipline and toughness.No one can teach you this skill; you cannot learn it by reading about it. Like any discipline, it can come only through practice, experience, even a little suffering. The first step in building up presence of mind is to see the need for it, to want it badly enough to be willing to work for it.
Orson Scott Card, Shadow Puppets|But it was not the boyish grin she had known when he bounded along the low-gravity inner corridors of Battle School. This smile had weariness in it, and old fears long mastered but still present. It was the smile of wisdom.
Robert Hellenga, Philosophy Made Simple|no wonder you left."Yeah," i say, rolling my eyes. " It was just because of the food.
Euginia Herlihy|Acknowledge what i mean, and not what say
Marie Kondo|I think as humans we do want to control our relationships, and you can't. It's probably better that you can't. That wouldn't be a real relationship, and we'd never learn and grow.
Michael Haneke|In Seattle, I soon found that my radical ideas and aesthetic explorations - ideas and explorations that in Richmond, Virginia, might have gotten me stoned to death with hush puppies - were not only accepted but occasionally applauded.
Lisa Wingate, Firefly Island|All these people keep waxing sentimental about how fabulously well I am doing as a mother, how competent I am, but I feel inside like when you're first learning to put nail polish on your right hand with your left. You can do it, but it doesn't look all that great around the cuticles.
Charles R. Swindoll|Boldness in the course of a noble fight is worth the risk...If you stand on truth, you'll only regret your timidity later, but you'll never regret being bold.
Jerome K. Jerome, Three Men in a Boat|Principle 1: By setting limitations, we must choose the essential. So in everything you do, learn to set limitations.   Principle 2: By choosing the essential, we create great impact with minimal resources. Always choose the essential to maximize your time and energy.
Jalaluddin Rumi|If you never try, you will never know what it means to succeed.
Brandon Nolta, Iron and Smoke|If finding a woman in your bed is so distressing, magus, you should rethink the direction your life’s taken.
Rachel Gibson, Not Another Bad Date|Kiss me, babe."'"No, really." Beneath the light of a sixty-watt bulb on her porch, Adele Harris placed a hand on the chest of her latest date. "I've had enough excitement for one night.
Taylor Wilson|The medical device tax repeal is the only proposal that had the most bipartisan votes coming out of the House and has the opportunity in the Senate to gain tractions, and it fixes a part of ObamaCare in terms of repealing an awful tax. And it's got bipartisan support.
(None)|It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man in possession of a good fortune, must be in want of a wife." ~ Jane Austin. Arguably one of the best opening lines in literary history (I said ARGUABLY doesn't mean I want to argue). However, to make it a modern retelling it would have to read: It is a truth universally acknowledged, that a single man or women in possession of a good fortune, just treading water or so broke it aint no joke, must be in want of a life partner.
Sherry Lansing|The maxim "Nothing avails but perfection" may be spelled "Paralysis."
George Santayana|That life is worth living is the most necessary of assumptions, and were it not assumed, the most impossible of conclusions.
Milan Kundera, Ignorance|for the first time in his life, sex is located away from all danger, away from conflict and drama, away from persecution, away from any accusation, away from worries; he has nothing to take care of, love is taking care of him, love as he's always wanted it and never had it: love-repose; love-oblivion; love-desertion; love-carefreeness; love-meaningless.
Robin Jones Gunn, Surprise Endings|If you feel far from God, guess who moved?
Kirby Howell, Autumn in the Dark Meadows|Our group pressed west on what was left of Highway 93, toward the pass leading to Las Vegas. Sand covered the road in loose drifts so deep the horses' hooves sank into them. The metal highway signs were bent low by the strong wind, and above us, billboards that once screamed ads for the casinos were now stripped of their promises of penny slots and large jackpots. The raw boards underneath were exposed, like showgirls without their makeup. Some signs had been blown over completely and lay half-buried under mounds of sand, like sleeping animals. Cars dotted the highway, their paint scoured off and dead tumbleweeds caught underneath them. Their windows were fogged with death, and despite my effort not to look, my eyes were drawn to the blurred images of the still forms inside. I tried to concentrate on the dark road ahead of us instead.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|There's an old rule of theater that goes, 'If there's a gun on the mantel in Act I, it must go off in Act III.' The reverse is also true.
Dwayne Johnson|When you love and accept yourself, when you know who really cares about you, and when you learn from your mistakes, then you stop caring about what people who don't know you think.
Ann Patchett, Bel Canto|Some people are born to make great art and others are born to appreciate it. … It is a kind of talent in itself, to be an audience, whether you are the spectator in the gallery or you are listening to the voice of the world's greatest soprano. Not everyone can be the artist. There have to be those who witness the art, who love and appreciate what they have been privileged to see.
Beth Ramsay, #Networking is people looking for people looking for people|The ‘Regal Seven (key) Ingredients of a Successful Company’ is:Pursue the goal of Profit Maximization keeping in mind the shareholders interests.To be achieved by developing and rendering Quality Goods and Services at a Reasonable Price.By inculcating Value and Ethics within the structureThrough Sound People Management principles devised and effectively implemented.Further organizing Learning Programs and instill concept of ‘Learning and Earning’Develop/Construct Customer Satisfaction.Build-Build-Build ; Build vision based values, Build your staff, Build customer satisfaction ; and witness your organization being built in the market.
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|Your reason and your passion are the rudder and the sails of your seafaring soul.If either your sails or your rudder be broken, you can but toss and drift, or else be held at a standstill in mid-seas.For reason, ruling alone, is a force confining; and passion, unattended, is a flame that burns to its own destruction.Therefore let your soul exalt your reason to the height of passion, that it may sing;And let it direct your passion with reason, that your passion may live through its own daily resurrection, and like the phoenix rise above its own ashes.
Enid Blyton, Five Go Off in a Caravan|Underneath my lashes I watched him, and I thought,Come back. Be the you I love and remember
Mike Resnick, The Outpost|You believe in God?" demanded Billy Karma."I believe in thirty-seven separate and distinct gods," answered Argyle proudly. "That puts me thirty-six ahead of you.""It makes you a pagan.""It makes you a man of limited vision," said Argyle.
Gregory Bassham, The Ultimate Harry Potter and Philosophy: Hogwarts for Muggles|Think of how you feel when you are sick, or how you felt when you were learning to ride your bike. The physical state of your body has a direct effect on how you think about the world, on the state of your mind. I don’t think it would be an exaggeration to say that your body has a direct effect on who you are
C.G. Jung|You know, it is sometimes an ideal not to have any kind of convictions or feelings that are not based upon reality. One must even educate people...that their emotions ought to have a real basis, that they cannot swear hell and damnation at somebody on a mere assumption, and that there are absolute reasons why they are not justified in doing such a thing. They really have to learn that their feelings should be based on facts.But to [develop further] one should unlearn all that. One should even admit that all one's psychical facts have nothing to do with material facts. For instance, the anger which you feel for somebody or something, no matter how justified it is, is not caused by those external things. It is a phenomenon all by itself. That is what we call taking a thing on its subjective level. ...If you have reached that level...you have succeeded in dissolving the absolute union of material external facts with internal or psychical facts. You begin to consider the game of the world as your game, the people that appear outside as exponents of your psychical condition. Whatever befalls you, whatever experience or adventure you have in the external world, is your own experience.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|You are the only one who has understood even a whisper of me, and I will tell you that I am the only person who has understood even a whisper of you.
Daphne du Maurier|Women want love to be a novel. Men, a short story.
Lisa Kleypas, Married By Morning|To be moral, an act must be free.
Malcolm X, The Autobiography of Malcolm X|Now I had won the gold medal. But it didn't mean anything, because I didn't have the right color skin.
Nikola Tesla|Human life. Duration: momentary. Nature: changeable. Perception: dim. Condition of Body: decaying. Soul: spinning around. Fortune: unpredictable. Lasting Fame: uncertain. Sum Up: The body and its parts are a river, the soul a dream and mist, life is warfare and a journey far from home, lasting reputation is oblivion.
Roald Dahl, The Witches|Down vith children! Do them in!Boil their bones and fry their skin!Bish them, sqvish them, bash them, mash them!Brrreak them, shake them, slash them, smash them!Offer chocs vith magic powder!Say “Eat up!” then say it louder.Crrram them full of sticky eats,Send them home still guzzling sveets.And in the morning little foolsGo marching off to separate schools.A girl feels sick and goes all pale.She yells, “Hey look! I've grrrown a tail!”A boy who's standing next to herScreams, “Help! I think I'm grrrowing fur!” Another shouts, “Vee look like frrreaks!There's viskers growing on our cheeks!”A boy who vos extremely tallCries out, “Vot's wrong? I'm grrrowing small!”Four tiny legs begin to sprrroutFrom everybody rrround about.And all at vunce, all in a trrrice,There are no children! Only MICE!
Jorge Luis Borges, Selected Non-Fictions|The thought came over me that never would one full and absolute moment, containing all the others, justify my life, that all of my instants would be provisional phases, annihilators of the past turned to face the future, and that beyond the episodic, the present, the circumstantial, we were nobody.
Barack Obama|In the face of impossible odds, people who love this country can change it.
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|You were my home, Mother. I had no home but you
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|In politics no permanent friends, no permanent enemies but permanent interest.
Abraham Verghese|Be ready. Be seated. See what courage sounds like. See how brave it is to reveal yourself in this way. But above all, see what it is to still live, to profoundly influence the lives of others after you are gone, by your words.
Jasinda Wilder, Falling into You|My thoughts are free to roam back to the way she leaned her head on my arm for a split second, as if wishing she could let herself go, let herself lean farther. But she didn't, and I can’t help but respect her for that, even I know her strength is false, propped up by the shaky girders of Old Man Jack. One day soon, those girders will collapse, and her world will crumble, and I know I have to be there when that happens.
Debasish Mridha|If you want to change the world, first change yourself.
Michael Ben Zehabe, Song of Songs The Book for Daughters|Hopefully, your marriage will bring added dimensions to love. Hopefully, your unique love will bring new meaning to all our lives. That success cannot be hidden. Good improves love. Evil poisons love. Nothing proves this more dramatically than how we treat our loved ones.pg 63
Patricia Lockwood, Priestdaddy: A Memoir|All my life I have overheard, all my life I have listened to what people will let slip when they think you are part of their we. A we is so powerful. It is the most corrupt and formidable institution on earth. Its hands are full of the crispest and most persuasive currency. Its mouth is full of received, repeating language. The we closes its ranks to protect the space inside it, where the air is different. It does not protect people. It protects its own shape.
Umar Ibn Muhammed Al-Nefzawi, The Perfumed Garden|He who called her so called her by her true name, for she is the full moon of full moons, afore God!
Schwaller de Lubicz|The debate that has been conducted in terms of "creation versus evolution" has gotten caught up with all kinds of other debates, and this has provided a singularly unhelpful backdrop to the would-be serious discussion of other parts of the Bible.
Karl Rahner|To its critics, the study of theology distracts from real life. But, at its best, theology inspires and informs precisely the committed and caring ministry.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, Faust|For peace, let us teach humanity tolerance and nonviolence.
Antonia Bird|For children, diversity needs to be real and not merely relegated to learning the names of the usual suspects during Black History Month or enjoying south-of-the-border cuisine on Cinco de Mayo. It means talking to and spending time with kids not like them so that they may discover those kids are in fact just like them.
J.L. Sheppard, Burdened By Desire|When we get there, don’t go in huffing and puffing like the big bad wolf.
Renee Ericson, More Than Water|She was supportive, didn’t pry or expect anything from me, and sensed when I needed my space. If she were a guy, I’d probably date her. Or, if I were a lesbian. And if she were a lesbian. I guess we’d both have to be lesbians for that to work. Regardless, she made a pretty great friend.
Brandy Potter|My dog hasn't said a word all day, he must have a lot on his mind
Christina Engela, Blachart|Fuck you. I know Day is just showing off for you.” Johnson turned back to look at Day. “I’ll be sure to catch you when you’re alone.”“I’ll be sure to have my rape whistle,” Day retorted
Alice Hoffman, The Dovekeepers|People are going to think I'm morbid, loving all these sad books. I actually don't mind a happy ending in a novel—certainly, it's nice when it happens. But when you've invested so much time and your fingers have pushed through all that paper and you get to the end…well, a tragic ending kind of goes with the tragedy of finishing a book.
Matt      Chandler, The Explicit Gospel|Hypocrisy annoys me, people need to look into mirrors. Let me hold a mirror in front of your face.
H.S. Crow, Lunora and the Monster King|She can push me away all she wants, she can burn me with those eyes, but right now, I’m not going anywhere.
Zarina Bibi|Of course, freedom is not free. Taxpayers pay for it.
Jason Najum, Delusions of Grandeur|The stars were withdrawn, small, giving no light, unlike other nights when they seemed to hang large from the sky ready to be reached for and taken into our hands.
Jesus Christ|The ideal death, I think, is what was the ideal Victorian death, you know, with your grandchildren around you, a bit of sobbing. And you say goodbye to your loved ones, making certain that one of them has been left behind to look after the shop.
Michael  Callahan, Searching for Grace Kelly|You're just a huge romantic at heart, aren't you?""If there's cash involved, I'm anything you want me to be.
Robert G. Ingersoll|But in the machine of today we forget that motors are whirring: the motor, finally, has come to fulfill its function, which is to whirr as a heart beats - and we give no thought to the beating of our heart. Thus, precisely because it is perfect the machine dissembles its own existence instead of forcing itself upon our notice.
Arthur Schopenhauer, Parerga and Paralipomena|If the lifestyle choices outlined in this book were uniformly adopted, the savings in suffering and health care costs would be tremendous.
Miles Watson|Justine's virtue, in action, is the liberal lie in action, a good heart and an inadequate methodology.
Hillary Clinton|You have to believe in yourself and only trust your own vision and instincts. If I'd listened to what other people thought about my work in the first 10 years that I was a writer, I never would have made it to begin with.
Carl Sagan, The Varieties of Scientific Experience: A Personal View of the Search for God|Wouldn't it be strange, she thought, to have a blue sky? But she liked the way it looked. It would be beautiful - a blue sky.
Dean Koontz, The Taking|Do you believe in an afterlife?" the gunslinger asked him as Brown dropped three ears of hot corn onto his plate.Brown nodded. "I think this is it.
Donald Trump, Jr.|Believe in yourself, listen to your gut, and do what you love.
Rudy Giuliani|When someone tells me, 'Oh, we have so many problems on Earth; space exploration costs too much money,' I say, 'I absolutely agree with you. But I still hope we do it.'
Villiers de L'Isle-Adam, Tomorrow's Eve|Thoughts and feelings change sometimes, as one crosses the frontiers.
John M. Frame, The Doctrine of the Word of God|Turing attended Wittgenstein's lectures on the philosophy of mathematics in Cambridge in 1939 and disagreed strongly with a line of argument that Wittgenstein was pursuing which wanted to allow contradictions to exist in mathematical systems. Wittgenstein argues that he can see why people don't like contradictions outside of mathematics but cannot see what harm they do inside mathematics. Turing is exasperated and points out that such contradictions inside mathematics will lead to disasters outside mathematics: bridges will fall down. Only if there are no applications will the consequences of contradictions be innocuous. Turing eventually gave up attending these lectures. His despair is understandable. The inclusion of just one contradiction (like 0 = 1) in an axiomatic system allows any statement about the objects in the system to be proved true (and also proved false). When Bertrand Russel pointed this out in a lecture he was once challenged by a heckler demanding that he show how the questioner could be proved to be the Pope if 2 + 2 = 5. Russel replied immediately that 'if twice 2 is 5, then 4 is 5, subtract 3; then 1 = 2. But you and the Pope are 2; therefore you and the Pope are 1'! A contradictory statement is the ultimate Trojan horse.
Sunny, Mona Lisa Blossoming|I will see you bereft of all that you have, of home and happiness and beautiful things. I will see your nation cast down and your allies drawn away. I will see you as alone and friendless and wretched as am I; and then you may live as long as you like, in some dark and lonely corner of the earth, and I shall call myself content. -Lien, Albino Celestial (Dragon) 
George Orwell, As I Please: 1943-1945|The outcry against killing women, if you accept killing at all, is sheer sentimentality. Why is it worse to kill a woman than a man?
Yoko Ono|You left and I cried tears of blood. My sorrow grows. Its not just that You left. But when You left my eyes went with You. Now, how will I cry?
lauren klarfeld|A mind wanders, thoughts flee and memories fade. But tattoos, tattoos are forever. And if it is true to say that we carry ourselves with when we travel - then the body may very well be a beautiful canvas for the timeless lessons we learn and will learn when we travel.
Robert William Case|Your whole life and the story of your journey is the landscape picture on the front of the box of a 1,000 piece puzzle. The pieces are each a small sticky note that ends in mid-sentence. You simply need to figure out where each one starts and ends.
Lynn Cullen, Mrs. Poe|It is my belief that marriage is made holy by two souls in communion, not by the order of the law.
Debasish Mridha|I had had a feeling of freedom because of the sudden change in my life. By comparison to what had come before, I felt immensely free. But then, once I became used to that freedom, even small tasks became more difficult. I placed constraints on myself, and filled the hours of the day. Or perhaps it was even more complicated than that. Sometimes I did exactly what I wanted to do all day—I lay on the sofa and read a book, or I typed up an old diary—and then the most terrifying sort of despair would descend on me: the very freedom I was enjoying seemed to say that what I did in my day was arbitrary, and that therefore my whole life and how I spent it was arbitrary.
Craig Groeschel, The Christian Atheist: Believing in God but Living As If He Doesn't Exist|Jesus never criticized prayers that were honest, only those that were long and showy.
David Bowie|Film is one of the three universal languages, the other two: mathematics and music.
Michael Greger|I have had the most wonderful childhood, and I was raised in a very loving family. And it was nothing short of an amazing privilege because I was incredibly lucky to be able to play up in trees and make it like silly dens in a bush and stuff like that.
Garry Douglas Kilworth, The Wizard Of Woodworld|I liked this rich lifestyle, but I loved the poor lifestyle better. The less money people had, the less greedy they seemed to be. The people who lived around our flocks seemed to always love everyone around them. Even though they aren’t always happy and can’t always afford the bills, they are still glad to be alive.
Vivek Shanbhag, Ghachar Ghochar|Amma and i went to each house to tell them we were leaving. They all said, 'Don't forget us. Keep visiting.' At the age I was then, this seemed absurd. i had grown up among them - how was it even possible to forget these people? Now I see what they meant.
Flume|It's easy to get sidetracked with technology, and that is the danger, but ultimately you have to see what works with the music and what doesn't. In a lot of cases, less is more. In most cases, less is more.
Jim Murphy|One of my obsession is animals. I'm into dog rescues. It drives me crazy when people go to pet stores and buy dogs. There are so many dogs that need a good home. And this sounds crazy, but I really believe they know what is happening and are appreciative, and I just think they make for the best pets.
Andrew Vachss|I'm a bit of an expert on anger, having suffered from it all through my youth, when I was both brunt and font. It's certainly the most miserable state to be in but it's also tremendously gratifying, really - rage feels justified.
Gaia B. Amman, Sex-O-S: The Tragicomic Adventure of an Italian Surviving the First Time|Life goes on, whether you like it or not. I just wished it could lurch forward. Time is the best doctor, they say, and that’s bullshit, because from certain pains you can never heal. They keep screaming inside of you till eventually you get used to the noise and can hear again the life outside, but they are always there, aching, clawing at your soul.
Karen Baker-Fletcher, Dancing with God: The Trinity from a Womanist Perspective|We recklessly attempt to disguise our ‘greed’ by dressing it in the garb of other nobler ideals such as ‘rights’ and ‘privileges.’ Yet, if we dare dress ‘greed’ in an authentic sense of thankfulness, greed will suffocate within the folds of that very clothing.
Chris Squire|My family went to Toronto to visit relatives when I was 13 or 14. It was the first time we had ever been abroad. This was the early Eighties, and I remember the impossible glamour of air travel - my mum spending days trying to decide what she was going to wear on the plane.
Laura Hemphill, Buying In|NEVER accept "conventional wisdom" when it comes to finance. If others keep failing, why do you want to follow them?
Orhan Pamuk, Istanbul: Memories and the City|In our household doubts more troubling than these were suffered in silence. The spiritual void I have seen in so many of Istanbul's rich, Westernised, secularist families is evident in these silences. Everyone talks openly about mathematics, success at school, football and having fun, but they grapple with the most basic questions of existence - love,compassion, religion, the meaning of life, jealousy, hatred - in trembling confusion and painful solitude. They light a cigarette, give their attention to the music on the radio, return wordlessly to their inner worlds.
Leah Raeder, Black Iris|Suicide isn't really about death, though. It's about change. Release.
David Foster Wallace, Infinite Jest|It's always seemed a little preposterous that Hamlet, for all his paralyzing doubt about everything, never once doubts the reality of the ghost. Never questions his own madness might not in fact be unfeigned.
Robin Sacredfire|As a radiation researcher, I am at one with being perceived as crazy!
Chidiebere Prosper Agbugba|A more fundamental questions suggests itself, however. How did the most powerful military in history come to devote its elite forces and advanced technology to the hunt for a man like Qari Munib, a midlevel Taliban figure in a remote corner of the planet, half a world away from the White House and ground zero in Manhattan, more than eleven years after the September 11 attacks?
Robin Hobb, Royal Assassin|You," I surmised, and gestured round. "Thank you.""No," he denied. His pale hair floated out from beneath his cap in a halo as he shook his head. "But I assisted. Thank you for bathing. It makes my task of checking on you less onerous. I'm glad you're awake. You snore abominably."I let this comment pass. "You've grown." I observed. "Yes. So have you. And you've been sick. And you slept quite a long time. And now you're awake and bathed and fed. You still look terrible. But you no longer smell. It's late afternoon now. Are there any other obvious facts you'd like to review?
William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing|Well, every one can master a grief but he that has it.
Michael Gerson|Where did the bonds of maternity end? All children grew up, changed, became somebody else. Parents who trembled that they might lose a gap-toothed toddler to some terrible accident ended up losing him anyway, always, to time. The toddlers died, after all, and what was left was a bond with another adult, who had once been the beloved child.
Coco Chanel|I near felt bad he choose to be so evil to me. I am a forgiving woman, but my pen... oh my wicked wicked hormonal she-pen.
Myron Uhlberg, Hands of My Father: A Hearing Boy, His Deaf Parents, and the Language of Love|A dog is der Hund the dog; a women is die Frau the wom[an]; a horse is das Pferd, the horse; now you put that dog in the Genitive case, & is he the same dog he was before? No sir; he is das Hundes; put him in the Dative case & what is he? Why, he is dem Hund. Now you snatch him into the accusative case & how is it with him? Why he is den Hunden? ... Read moreBut suppose he happens to be twins & you have to pluralize him – what then? Why sir they’ll swap that twin dog around thro’ the four cases till he’ll think he’s an entire International Dog Show all in his own person. I don’t like dogs, but I wouldn’t treat a dog like that. I wouldn’t even treat a borrowed dog that way.
Jules Renard|It`s not how old you are, it`s how you are old.
Laurie Penny, Cybersexism: Sex, Gender and Power on the Internet|This condition in which women live is created out of, and defended by, a system of ideas represented by the world's religions, by psychoanalysis, by pornography, by sexology, by science and medicine and the social sciences.
David Foster Wallace|Racing is an escape from society. From symbols of status, and self-perception. A chance to just be. For everyone to just be, with each other.
Leigh Ann Edwards, The Farrier's Daughter|Wrong kind of witch." - Manon Blackbeak
Jeanette Winterson, The Passion|I was happy but happy is an adult word. You don't have to ask a child about happy, you see it. They are or they are not. Adults talk about being happy because largely they are not. Talking about it is the same as trying to catch the wind. Much easier to let it blow all over you. This is where I disagree with the philosophers. They talk about passionate things but there is no passion in them. Never talk happiness with a philosopher.
Henrietta Newton Martin|If you have a very strong will to travel, the road will suddenly appear before!
Vineet Raj Kapoor|In Your Early Years people Tell You, Correct You and Forgive You. But when you become an Adult, they Neither Correct you nor Forgive You
Laurie Nadel, Dr. Laurie Nadel's Sixth Sense: Unlocking Your Ultimate Mind Power|To develop your intuition, you need to respect it as a natural intelligence.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|At the end of your life you want to arrive at a well-designed destination rather than an unexpected destination, and you do this by setting life goals, not short-term, not medium, not long-term, but life goals.
The Voice of the Martyrs, Hearts of Fire: Eight Women in the Underground Church and Their Stories of Costly Faith|When the children of God meet, angels also gather to hear the wisdom of God. So it is the duty of every believer, not to praise earthly men or leaders who come and go, but to praise God the Creator and Christ the Savior, who died for us in the cross.
Noorilhuda, The Governess|They say that when one door closes, another opens.Why just one and not many? It stands to reason that if there are two doors there have to be more. Besides doors are doors; they open and close all the time. That is what they’re meant to do. If a door is locked, you can even turn the knob, or, kick it open. It all depends on how desperately you want to use that door.
Anna LaForge, The Marcella Fragment|I love him, and I love us together more than I love myself. I will do what you ask, but if," Kara swallowed hard, "...if I lose him, I'll join him in death." Vena resisted the urge to stroke the fine mass of dark curls away from the heart-shaped face that gazed at her so fiercely. The woman who faced her, proudly announcing her ability to choose, was no longer the winsome, pliable girl of the garden.
Polly Horvath, Everything on a Waffle|You all know and lived the 'secrets' to De La Salle's success-love, brotherhood, sacrifice, discipline, heart, courage, passion, honesty. These are not just 'catch words' we throw around to impress others or justify our existence. We know what these mean because we created it and lived it. Understand that with that knowledge there is no turning back for us-ignorance is not an option. It is your future duty, no matter where you end up, to create the environment you have created here by bringing your best selves to the table.
Voltaire|The sun will set and the sun will rise, and it will shine upon us tomorrow in our grief and our gratitude, and we will continue to live with purpose, memory, passion, and love.
Clive Thompson|I've raced on all seven continents at least twice. I've probably run thousands of races. But the single race that I'm most proud is a 10K. Yes, a 10K. I ran it with my daughter on her 10th birthday.
Anna Kendrick|My parents were really, really cool about supporting what I wanted to do at a really young age. I think I was about 10 when I caught the bug. They would drive me down to New York if there were auditions. When I was 12, I did this show on Broadway called 'High Society,' so we moved to New York for the run of that.
Debasish Mridha|If you think it can be done, then go ahead with boldness. Don’t listen to those who do not believe in your dreams.
Jacquelyn Frank, Drink of Me|By the Lord, Reule better bed that Wench soon! Mara is going to start thinking her p***y is made of gold if I keep frequenting her bed like this! -Rye "Drink of Me
Andrew     Miller, Dub Steps|I've given myself to you. You may have my body, soul, everything. Time passes, and all I want is the intimacy that slows, defeats. and confounds it. Love, that's what it is. You've always made the mistake that men often make, and carried forward the great fault that mars civilisation, which is that you believe that your philosophy is deeper than love.
Joyce Rachelle|If difficult times teach us the most important lessons, we should then learn to read difficult books.
Taona Dumisani Chiveneko, The Hangman's Replacement: Sprout of Disruption|When a group of people are forced to navigate a minefield together, everyone feels a grudging sense of comfort when someone else gets blown up. Though there may be other unseen landmines left in the ground, each death creates a safe spot. A landmine cannot explode twice in the same place. Sure, the explosion robs the survivors of a comrade. Still, each death makes everyone’s next step marginally safer. So everyone keeps walking with grief on their faces, and relief in their hearts. Their own deaths are further postponed by the end of another life.
Benjamin Franklin, The Autobiography of Benjamin Franklin|Forget it, Jonathan, and go back to sleep. And before you go to sleep, pray that no well-meaning god ever makes you immortal.
Chuck Palahniuk, Choke|some soap opera, you know, real people pretending to be fake people with made-up problems being watched by real people to forget their real problems.
Chris Prentiss, Be Who You Want, Have What You Want: Change Your Thinking, Change Your Life|At the alpha level, your imagination acts powerfully on your subconsciousness mind and therefore your imaginings are powerfully effective in producing the desired result. It is believed that our subconscious mind represents nearly 90 percent of our mental capacity, which is why influencing your subconscious mind produces such powerful effects.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Without confession, there is no remission of sins.
Victoria Aveyard, Red Queen|It was a fairly large house, larger than all our previous dwellings. There were two pinkwashed, picture- windowed, orange gable-roofed storeys, encompassing eight rooms, and an adjoining, presently shuttered garage. A friendly, unsymmetrical house, with pink bougainvillea hanging over the iron-lace decorated, semi-circular front porch and ivy climbing from the walls to the uneven gables.
Kid Rock|I've programmed myself musically to come up with love-feeling tracks that are romantic, sexy, but classy, all in one. And that's the challenge. Once I create that music, then the lyrical content starts to come - you know, the stories and things like that.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Africa has within it everything it needs to reach the peace. But Africa does not do Africa, Africa does foreigners
Alex Rosa, Emotionally Compromised|The essence of education is not to get a certificate or job but, to be a holistically developed person who can positively impact the society.
Herbert M. Shelton|You can never, never, ever go wrong eating more fruit.
Juliana Azmi|Be Brave be Rough,Whenever you Fail, You will be Tough.
Gary Kemp|I love building spaces: architecture, furniture, all of it, probably more than fashion. The development procedure is more tactile. It's about space and form and it's something you can share with other people.
Anthony Liccione|You better not be touched by love; you are living peacefully. But if you do, you better not be left by it. Because The Wounded in love is only shreds of heart scattered. Even if you manage to regain your heart, you will never be that peaceful person again. Such is the curse of love.
Poppy Z. Brite|I do not think that Mulder trusts any one other than Scully. He s very solitary. She is the only one who takes him seriously. I don t know if they re in love. In a way, their relationship is deeper than that, because they cannot live without each other.
Sarah Ockler, The Book of Broken Hearts|...when you let go of your expectations, when you accept life as it is, you're free.To hold on is to be serious and uptight. To let go is to lighten up.
Larken Rose|A cop's JOB is to violently enforce upon the rest of us whatever arbitrary bullshit the political parasites declare to be "law." It is, therefore, impossible to be a "law enforcer" and behave morally, for the same reason one can't be a moral car-jacker.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Positive mind, positive life.
Anton Chekhov, Ivanov|Having no intercourse with anyone, she lived in the torpid state of a sleep-walker.
Taylor Swift, Taylor Swift|I've apparently been the victim of growing up, which apparently happens to all of us at one point or another. It's been going on for quite some time now, without me knowing it. I've found that growing up can mean a lot of things. For me, it doesn't mean I should become somebody completely new and stop loving the things I used to love. It means I've just added more things to my list. Like for example, I'm still beyond obsessed with the winter season and I still start putting up strings of lights in September. I still love sparkles and grocery shopping and really old cats that are only nice to you half the time. I still love writing in my journal and wearing dresses all the time and staring at chandeliers. But some new things I've fallen in love with -- mismatched everything. Mismatched chairs, mismatched colors, mismatched personalities. I love spraying perfumes I used to wear when I was in high school. It brings me back to the days of trying to get a close parking spot at school, trying to get noticed by soccer players, and trying to figure out how to avoid doing or saying anything uncool, and wishing every minute of every day that one day maybe I'd get a chance to win a Grammy. Or something crazy and out of reach like that. ;) I love old buildings with the paint chipping off the walls and my dad's stories about college. I love the freedom of living alone, but I also love things that make me feel seven again. Back then naivety was the norm and skepticism was a foreign language, and I just think every once in a while you need fries and a chocolate milkshake and your mom. I love picking up a cookbook and closing my eyes and opening it to a random page, then attempting to make that recipe. I've loved my fans from the very first day, but they've said things and done things recently that make me feel like they're my friends -- more now than ever before. I'll never go a day without thinking about our memories together.
S.N. Deinscheiss, Wuwpoo|To my editors, I graciously thank you. I now know “is” and “was” aren't the same thing. It's the periods and commas that got me. Can't see the darn things.
George Carlin|In some company it’s perfectly all right to prick your finger, but very bad form to finger your prick.
Sarah Jo Smith, The Other Side of Heartache|I have found that sometimes, moments get stuck in your body. They are there, lodged under your skin like hard seed-stones of wonder or sadness or fear, everything else growing up around them. And if you turn a certain way, if you fall, one of them could get free. It might dissolve in your blood, or it might spring up a whole tree. Sometimes, once one of them gets out, they all start to go.
Gene Tierney|I was a vegan for two years, and I really enjoyed it. Then, I got to a point in my life at which I wanted to do something else, so now I'm a vegetarian. You should make your diet one that best fits you and how you feel. Listen to your body. The most important thing is to exercise, drink lots of water, and take really good care of yourself.
Gudjon Bergmann|I am not against drinking, but drink to celebrate not to remove stress! Be in integrity with the word ‘cheers!!!!
Dillon Burroughs, Faith Acts: A Provocative Call to Live What You Believe|When Jesus was interrupted, He started where He was and helped those in need who were nearest to Him. There is always another mission “out there”—the next cause, the next city, or the next country that seems to be the most important mission we could pursue. Jesus illustrates that our greatest mission is often the person in front of us.
James Kennedy|Barry Schlenker’s self-identity theory (1982) asserts that self-presentation is an attempt to control information about your identity before real or imagined audiences—including yourself. People try to provide explanations of their own conduct; they try to construct an identity that is satisfying to themselves and that explains their behavior in a favorable light. One of the criteria of a good explanation is believability; that is, explanations must fit with existing knowledge. Schlenker argues that people are not motivated to attain cognitive consistency as an end in itself; rather, they need to provide a believable and self -beneficial account of their conduct, and consistency is a by-product of that. The need to provide explanations for your conduct results in the construction of an internally consistent view of reality.
W. Somerset Maugham|But there are people who take salt with their coffee. They say it gives a tang, a savour, which is peculiar and fascinating. In the same way there are certain places, surrounded by a halo of romance, to which the inevitable disillusionment you experience on seeing them gives a singular spice. You had expected something wholly beautiful and you get an impression which is infinitely more complicated than any that beauty can give you. It is the weakness in the character of a great man which may make him less admirable but certainly more interesting. Nothing had prepared me for Honolulu...
Silas Packianathan|Appearances, beauty, value and life have their unique mysteries and essence. I prefer that essence to be breathing with humility, honesty, compassion, respect and a timeless love.
Krishna Udayasankar, Kurukshetra|Men like you and I make myths, we weave stories to sanctify the life that has been given to us. But not Govinda. Men like him don’t make myths; they make destiny. – Kshatta Vidur
Richard Wagamese|They scooped out our insides, Saul. We're not responsible for that. We're not responsible for what happened to us. None of us are. Fred said. But our healing--that's up to us. That's what saved me. Knowing it was my game.
Anaïs Nin, A Cafe in Space: The Anais Nin Literary Journal, Volume 3|Knowing and feeling are two different things, and feeling is what counts.
Roxanne Snopek, Finding Home|Lucia opened the door. "They say not to discuss politics and religion on the first 
N.B. Roberts, Halton Cray|Worried about fitting in, being part of a group, feeling accepted? People gather in groups of similar interests, but these interests are usually based on external preferences and attires.“We think that if other people like this sport or activity, they’ll accept us without an interview or further questions, and we need that because we are afraid of standing naked in front of others, of showing whom we really are underneath the fake smiles and bland expressions of anger and pain: this nakedness is one of the heart and mind.“It’s within these groups that most people find their ‘soul-mates’ and ‘fall in love’ with the person they’ll never get to know for real.“Little did you know, you have to keep pretending to be someone else, while your partner is exhausted from having to put on a daily show just to please you.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|When God forgives us and purifies us of our sin, He also forgets it. Forgiveness results in God dropping the charges against us.
Panic at the Disco|Sit tight, I'm gonna need you to keep time Come on just snap, snap, snap your fingers for me Good, good now we're making some progress Come on just tap, tap, tap your toes to the beat And I believe this may call for a proper introduction, and well Don't you see, I'm the narrator, and this is just the prologue?Swear to shake it up, if you swear to listen Oh, we're still so young, desperate for attention I aim to be your eyes, trophy boys, trophy wives Swear to shake it up, if you swear to listen Oh, we're still so young, desperate for attention I aim to be your eyes, trophy boys, trophy wivesApplause, applause, no wait wait Dear studio audience, I've an announcement to make:It seems the artists these days are not who you think So we'll pick back up on that on another page And I believe this may call for a proper introduction, and well Don't you see, I'm the narrator and this is just the prologue Swear to shake it up, if you swear to listen Oh, we're still so young, desperate for attention I aim to be your eyes, trophy boys, trophy wivesSwear to shake it up, if you swear to listen Oh, we're still so young, desperate for attention I aim to be your eyes, trophy boys, trophy wivesSwear to shake it up, you swear to listenSwear to shake it up, you swear to listenSwear to shake it up, you swear to listenSwear to shake it up, swear to shake it upSwear to shake it up, if you swear to listen Oh, we're still so young, desperate for attention I aim to be your eyes, trophy boys, trophy wives Swear to shake it up, if you swear to listen Oh, we're still so young, desperate for attention I aim to be your eyes
E.M. Forster, A Room with a View|There’s more to honesty than … than an arrangement of words. They say faeries can’t lie, but you lie in your intentions, your attitude, your demeanor —
Debasish Mridha|A journey of a lifetime is measured by memories, not by time.
Jeff Fortenberry|If my strength is technology, financial structuring is my son's skill.
Charles Mackay|As in nature, as in art, so in grace; it is rough treatment that gives souls, as well as stones, their luster.
Robert Glover, No More Mr. Nice Guy: A Proven Plan for Getting What You Want in Love, Sex, and Life|Adventures are to the adventurous. They abound on every side; but only the chosen few have the courage to embrace them. And they will not come to you; you must go out to seek them. Then they meet you half-way, and rush into your arms, for they know their true lovers.
Summer Pierre, The Artist in the Office: How to Creatively Survive and Thrive Seven Days a Week|It took me years to realize that I could do all kinds of drastic acts like quitting jobs, relationships, towns (or all of the above), but what showed up at the next job, relationship, & town was still ME.
Dean F. Wilson, Worldwaker|Each time I came crashing down into the ocean porpoiselike, water hit my face like the slap of a jilted lover.
Somerset McCoy, The Mirrored Gate|Fuathan don’t come out until after dark. Sunlight kills them.’‘Like vampires?’‘Kind of. Very mean, sub-aquatic vampires who don’t need to drink your blood, but might do it anyway, just for fun.
Will Tuttle, The World Peace Diet: Eating for Spiritual Health and Social Harmony|Confronted with the problems that characterize our herding culture, we are perhaps like the metaphorical man wounded by an arrow that the Buddha discussed with his students. He said that the man would be foolish if he tried to discover who shot the arrow, why he shot it, where he was when he shot it, and so forth, before having the arrow removed and the wound treated, lest he bleed to death attempting to get his questions answered. We, likewise, can all remove the arrow and treat the wound of eating animal foods right now. We don't need to know the whole history. We can easily see it is cruel and that it is unnecessary; whatever people have done in the past, we are not obligated to imitate them if it is based on delusion. Perhaps in the past people thought they needed to enslave animals and people to survive, and that the cruelty involved in it was somehow allowed them. It's obviously not necessary for us today, as we can plainly see by walking into any grocery store, and the sooner we can awaken from the thrall of the obsolete mythos that we are predatory by nature, the sooner we'll be able to evolve spiritually and discover and fulfill our purpose on this earth.
Stormie Omartian|God wants to lead you to places you cannot get to without Him, and He does that by the power of His Spirit. He can bring you into the realm of the miraculous—not as a show, but as a demonstration of His love and compassion for the lost, hurting, or needy. Who among us doesn’t want or need that?
Helen Hudson, The Listener and Other Stories|Frankie," she said softly, "do you know what my idea of heaven is? A place where the windows are always clean, and the people I want can always come to dinner.
Howard Dean|The question of whether or not there is a God or truth or reality or whatever you like to call it, can never be answered by books, by priests, philosopher's or saviours. Nobody and nothing can answer the question but you yourself, and that is why you must know yourself - Immaturity lies only in total ignorance of self.
Allegra Goodman, Apple Cake|Jeanne’s sisters thought nothing of themselves.... Helen stayed up late in Brookline, baking. Lemon squares, and brownies, pecan bars, apple cake, sandy almond cookies. Alone in her kitchen, she wrapped these offerings in waxed paper and froze them in tight-lipped containers....Helen was the baker of the family. What she felt could not be purchased. She grieved from scratch.
Mensah Oteh|Your perspective determines your experiences, attitude and the quality of your life.
Jeffrey Eugenides, The Virgin Suicides|Household objects lost meaning. A bedside clock became a hunk of molded plastic, telling something called time, in a world marking its passage for some reason.
David Richo, When the Past Is Present: Healing the Emotional Wounds that Sabotage our Relationships|In a true you-and-I relationship, we are present mindfully, nonintrusively, the way we are present with things in nature.We do not tell a birch tree it should be more like an elm. We face it with no agenda, only an appreciation that becomes participation: 'I love looking at this birch' becomes 'I am this birch' and then 'I and this birch are opening to a mystery that transcends and holds us both.
Thomas Daniel Nehrer, Essence of Reality: A Clear Awareness of How Life Works|However, in regards to the theological aspects of each religion, tradition or philosophy, the same exacting standard must be set as measurement: does it clearly and accurately depict the functionality of Reality? That is, does the cosmology precisely describe how Reality works? If not, then the religion is invalid.
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Soared Over Fairyland and Cut the Moon in Two|She told him of ship voyages she had taken to places he had never heard of, and stories he knew were all untrue, were bad non-truths, even, but he nodded and tried to convince himself to be convinced, tried to believe her, because he knew that the origin of a story is always an absence, and he wanted her to live among presences.
John Calvin|God's truth judges created things out of love, and Satan's truth judges them out of envy and hatred.
Francine Rivers, Amor redentor|Stop it," Chance says out loud, angryraw, scornful voice that she hardly recognizes, "Jesus, just fucking stop it," but she's crying again, and her eyes burn, and she's so goddamn sick of the sound, the smell and saltbland flavor of her own useless tears.
Ke$ha|I think it's cool to wear roadkill. If I died and somebody wanted to wear my teeth around their neck to VMAs, I'd feel honored.
M.A. George, Relativity|I can only imagine what goes on in that head of yours…” he teased. “I assure you I haven’t taken up black magic, ritualistic sacrifice, or—”“Plushophilia?” I tagged on.“Excuse me?…” came his half-confused, half-intrigued reaction.“An obsession with stuffed animals,” I clarified. “I mean, you are a young one…”“Where did you come up with that?” He kept his hands firmly covering my eyes, but I could hear the amused smile in his voice. “Is that even a real word?”“I’m a doctor, I know these things,” I shrugged.
Timothy J. Keller, The Meaning of Marriage: Facing the Complexities of Commitment with the Wisdom of God|You can only afford to be generous if you actually have some money in the bank to give. In the same way, if your only source of love and meaning is your spouse, then anytime he or she fails you, it will not just cause grief but a psychological cataclysm. If, however, you know something of the work of the Spirit in your life, you have enough love "in the bank" to be generous to your spouse even when you are not getting much affection or kindness at the moment.
Becki Newton|When you have an audience standing and screaming the entire way through the short program and cheering every element you do, whether it's footwork, or spin, or a jump, to have that kind of emotion coming at you from every direction in the building, it's the most amazing sensation you can get as a sportsman.
Simo Astel|Remember what your mama told you about honey and vinegar: Be nice, and you’ll catch more flies, if nothing else.
Herbert M. Shelton, History of Natural Hygiene and Principles of Natural Hygiene|In the days of Columbus most medical practices were as much superstition as science. Because of infections, operations were not often performed, except for amputations under dire battlefield conditions. Most of the time these attempts to rectify an abnormality ended in disaster. Now things are different, with positive results being expected and are so frequent that people depend on elective surgery to enhance their lives.
Sheryl Sandberg|I never meant to be in romantic comedies; it's just what ended up happening. But they are tricky, in a post-1960s sexual revolution way. It was easier when you couldn't have sex scenes: everything crackled very nicely. They're not easy.
Bryan Bishop, Shrinkage: Manhood, Marriage, and the Tumor That Tried to Kill Me|Instantly, I was overwhelmed with gratitude. I didn't know exactly what I was feeling, but my buddy JD - my best man, whom I had met at Northwestern - has seen his dad go through (and beat) esophageal cancer and explained it to me thusly: "When you have cancer, it's like you're at the bottom of a hole, and you just want to get out. Only it's too big for you to just climb out easily. But every good thing that happens - no matter how small - is like a rock in the side of the hole. You climb up, grabbing one little rock at a time. Had a good doctor's appointment? That's a rock. Feeling a little better today? That's a rock, too. Before you know it, you've climbed out of that hole, one little rock at a time. You just need to find the rocks.
|You can never succeed in aligning your life in the positive direction without first detecting, challenging, and changing your self-defeating mental beliefs.
Terry Goodkind, The First Confessor|The Grace represented the world of life, the world of the dead, and the way magic and Creation linked them. The outer circle of the design represented the beginning of the infinite world of the dead. Inside the outer circle was a square, its points just touching the outer circle. Inside the square was another circle, just touching the insides of the square. The area between those two circles with the square represented the world of life. The inside circle was life's beginnings, the outer circle its end, where souls crossed through the veil into the eternity of the underworld. An eight-pointed star inside the smaller circle was the Light of Creation. Lines from the star's points radiated out across the inner circle. the square. and across the outer circle that also symbolized the veil to the wold of the dead. The lines radiating outward from the Light represented the spark of the gift that journeyed with everyone from birth, through life, and on into death.
Giselle Fox, Slow Burn in Tuscany|My mind stopped spinning as I was enveloped in waves of pleasure. Through half-open eyes, I saw fragments of the ancient room, the stone walls, the enormous wooden beams. I smelled history and ancient ground, war, and turmoil and worship.
Chris Cornell|As we’ve already mentioned, the main premise of the worrier is that things are uniformly dangerous. No risks can be tolerated. It is here, in the mind of the worrier, that the four rules of anxiety come into play: detect danger, catastrophize danger, control all the circumstances, and avoid discomfort. Sticking to this set of rules greatly interferes with one’s ability to assess risks in a balanced and rational way.
Dave Barry, Best. State. Ever.: A Florida Man Defends His Homeland|Common sense got drunk and giddy when Olivia was on the premises. Maybe he should just raise a glass, too, and dub reason a lost cause.
Damian Marley|Disco is the first technology music. And what I mean is that 'disco' music is named after discs, because when technology grew to where they didn't need a band in the clubs, the DJ played it on a disc.
Barbara Kingsolver, Animal Dreams|The very least you can do in your life is to figure out what you hope for. And the most you can do is live inside that hope. Not admire it from a distance but live right in it, under its roof. What I want is so simple I almost can’t say it: elementary kindness. Enough to eat, enough to go around. The possibility that kids might one day grow up to be neither the destroyers nor the destroyed. That’s about it. Right now I'm living in that hope, running down its hallway and touching the walls on both sides.
John Green, Will Grayson, Will Grayson|The other girl, Iko, cupped her chin with both hands. "This is so much better than a net drama.
Jessica Stern, Denial: A Memoir of Terror|My breathe would catch at the sight of violets-so common in the woods at home, so surprising in the mountains. The violet's message was "Keep up your courage, stay true to what you believe in." p264
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|What New England is, is a state of mind, a place where dry humor and perpetual disappointment blend to produce an ironic pessimism that folks from away find most perplexing
Anton Chekhov|The literature of menopause is the saddest, the most awful, and the most medical of all genres. You're sleepless, you're anxious, you're fat, you're depressed - and the advice is always the same: take more walks, eat some kale, and drink lots of water. It didn't help.
Andrei Tarkovsky, Sculpting in Time|Masterpieces, not always distinguished or distinguishable among all the works with pretensions to genius, are scattered about the world like warning notices in a mine field.
Embee, Tess Embers|Rosalie had never been one to question or accuse, just to forgive -- but I guess everyone had their limits when it came to tolerance levels, and I’d crossed the line.
Shari Arison|Nobody needs a smile so much as the one who has none to give. So get used to smiling heart-warming smiles, and you will spread sunshine in a sometimes dreary world.
K.A. Cross, Life on the Rocks|There’s the feisty bitch I know and love. Now come on, it’s time to show Jai and his prick of a dad who the head poncho is around here.” She said giggling, as I slowly let her go and took a step back.“Head poncho, don’t you mean…?” I started before she cut me off.“Shh, let’s just pretend I didn’t say that. Now shift it missy, it’s arse whooping time. Yeehaaa.” She said, making me burst out into laughter.She was right, it was time I showed them who I am.
Debasish Mridha|Love, laugh, learn, live.
Sara Harrison|I have a problem with censorship by the lawyer - by legal people by the publishing firm, and I may be changing publishers. They don't seem to want to take too many risks with living people.
Lynda Hilburn, The Vampire Shrink|He downed the last of his coffee, carried his mug over to the pot, poured himself a refill, and returned to the 
Mignon McLaughlin|There's only one person who needs a glass of water oftener than a small child tucked in for the night, and that's a writer sitting down to write.
Marcha A. Fox, A Dark of Endless Days|You know, memories. They're all I've got.
Tove Jansson, A Winter Book|All men have parties and are pals who never let each other down. A pal can say terrible things which are forgotten the next day. A pal never forgives, he just forgets, and a woman forgives but never forgets. That's how it is. That's why women aren't allowed to have parties. Being forgiven is very unpleasant.
Alaric Hutchinson|On my journey from the fantastical to the practical, spirituality has gone from being a mystical experience to something very ordinary and a daily experience. Many don’t want this, instead they prefer spiritual grandeur, and I believe that is what keeps enlightenment at bay. We want big revelations of complexity that validates our perceptions of the divine. What a let down it was to Moses when God spoke through a burning bush! But that is exactly the simplicity of it all. Our spiritual life is our ordinary life and it is very grounded in every day experience. For me, it is the daily practice of kindness, mindfulness, happiness, and peace.
Lily King, Euphoria|You don't struggle with these questions?""No. But I've always thought my opinion was the right one. It's a small flaw I have.""An American flaw.
Alvin E. Roth|I, at the age of 17 or 18 as a medical student, suddenly came up against a problem: 'What am I? What is the meaning of my existence as I experience it?'
Richard P. Denney|Authors do not choose a story to write, the story chooses us.
Abramelin Keldor, The Goodwill Grimoire|Charlie slowly crumpled to the floor, Allison soon joining him. “Dinner is served!” Stanley trumpeted, as he reached into the steaming mass of offal and fished around for the teens’ livers. “Aha!” he crowed, as he lifted one liver in each hand over his
Philip Sidney, The Poems of Sir Philip Sidney|Leave me, O Love, which reachest but to dust,And thou, my mind, aspire to higher things!Grow rich in that which never taketh rust:Whatever fades, but fading pleasure brings.Draw in thy beams, and humble all thy mightTo that sweet yoke where lasting freedoms be;Which breaks the clouds, and opens forth the light,That doth both shine, and give us sight to see.
Haruki Murakami|No matter how much suffering you went through, you never wanted to let go of those memories.
Robert South|Observe constantly that all things take place by change, and accustom thyself to consider that the nature of the Universe loves nothing so much as to change the things which are, and to make new things like them.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Excellence annoys your haters, success infuriates them, and genius kills them.
Robin Epstein, God Is in the Pancakes|Having an answer is a comfort. It's when you start asking questions and those questions pull threads in the larger fabric, you're forced to wonder what you're left with. And for people of any age, it's scary to think the fabric of the universe - or the universe as you've always believed it existed - can just unwind, you know?
Michael Clarke|Winners in life visualize their success and look forward to reaping and enjoying the rewards of their accomplishments. They revel in their hard-earned victory, and that reinforces their superior level of self-confidence.
Erica O'Rourke, Bound|People fail each other all the time, Mo, and they forgive each other, and start again. It's a question of knowing the other person's limitations. Knowing what's fair to expect of them. Knowing what's fair for them to expect of you.
Brandon Sanderson, The Hero of Ages|Somehow, we'll find it. The balance between whom we wish to be and whom we need to be. But for now, we simply have to be satisfied with who we are.
Debasish Mridha|To find it, give the love that you seek.
Sylvia Plath, The Unabridged Journals of Sylvia Plath|I want to write because I have the urge to excel in one medium of translation and expression of life. I can't be satisfied with the colossal job of merely living. Oh, no, I must order life in sonnets and sestinas and provide a verbal reflector for my 60-watt lighted head.
Harry Truman|Show me a man that gets rich by being a politician, and I'll show you a crook.
Carlos Ruiz Zafón, The Shadow of the Wind|Julian spoke with the clear, unequivocal lucidity of madmen who have escaped the hypocrisy of having to abide by a reality that makes no sense.
Suzanne Fields|I ran the wrong kind of business, but I did it with integrity.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Being: 8 Ways to Optimize Your Presence & Essence for Positive Impact|Your healthy self-esteem is one of the most significant and powerful drivers in your life. It drives your perceptions, attitudes, opinions, relationships, communications, and your decisions.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|I'd breathe for her. I'd see for her, hear for her, and feel for her. I'd even die for her. Thousands of times. If I could see her smile at me one more time, it would all be worth it. Just one more time. Before I completely fell apart.
John Rampton|By far the most important factor in the success or failure of any school, far more important than tests or standards or business-model methods of accountability, is simply attracting the best-educated, most exciting young people into urban schools and keeping them there.
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|The headlines are never in the news! And so, what I am saying is the news is never on the headlines
Catherynne M. Valente, The Girl Who Fell Beneath Fairyland and Led the Revels There|And you know, I agree to everything:I will condemn, I will forget, I will give comfort to the enemy,Darkness will be light and sin lovely.
Tom Wright, The Day the Revolution Began: Rethinking the meaning of Jesus' crucifixion|When God looks at sin, what he sees is what a violin maker would see if the player were to use his lovely creation as a tennis racquet.
Dada Bhagwan|The meaning of worldly life is external problems [upadhi, problems arising out of external situations]. There is nothing in it which belongs to us. Seeds (causes) of external problems are sown, and external problems grow again.
Edna St. Vincent Millay, Collected Poems|And so beneath the weight lay IAnd suffered death, but could not die.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|When a mother gives birth, her body is not only able to provide nourishment to her baby, but is also designed to be its own personal medicine cabinet. Breast milk is the best and most natural food you can give a child, and applying it sparingly on a baby's head, eye or skin will eliminate cradle cap, acne, rashes, dryness, and even eye infections.
Jamila Woods|I have a band called M&O. We were working on our first album in 2011 or 2012. We were looking for people to collaborate with, and I met Chance through a Young Chicago Authors poetry slam.
Nick Moccia, They All Fall Down|The simplicity of youth is mesmerizing to me. Maybe because I didn't know it long enough."London Drake"They All fall down
Rachel Van Dyken, The Consequence of Loving Colton|I am not your sexless friend. I’m not your damn brother. I’m not your gay friend. And I sure as hell not am not thinking about anything right now except that your hands feel really good against my skin. So I’m going to kiss you, and you’re going to respond like the idea of my mouth on yours doesn’t make you want to cry – and you’ll like it
Mark Brightlife, Overcoming Depression: Pragmatic Solutions to Deal with Suicidal Thoughts|Suicide may be a choice, but not as much as it is expected when everything else fails.
Cheryl Strayed, Torch|She tried to think of what to say to make it all better again, or at least the way it was before she'd made her confession, though she didn't regret having confessed. Perhaps that was what had been wrong with her all along. Now that the lie wasn't between them anymore, maybe she could love him again.
Mary Hughes, Bite My Fire|Kenzie took two staggering steps backward, staring at the feeline as if in a daze. "O-kay," she breathed, shaking her head slightly. "A cat. A cat that talks. I'm going crazy." she glanced at me. " Or you slipped something into my drink at the tournament. One or the other.
Beth Ciotta, Jinxed|To Sara's practised eye, this latest episode looked something like a broken heart, even if she'd never seen the look on him before. Or even imagined it happening. She wondered if he'd noticed yet.
Chuck Palahniuk, Lullaby|Centuries ago, sailors on long voyages used to leave a pair of pigs on every deserted island. Or they'd leave a pair of goats. Either way, on any future visit, the island would be a source of meat. These islands, they were pristine. These were home to breeds of birds with no natural predators. Breeds of birds that lived nowhere else on earth. The plants there, without enemies they evolved without thorns or poisons. Without predators and enemies, these islands, they were paradise. The sailors, the next time they visited these islands, the only things still there would be herds of goats or pigs. Oyster is telling this story. The sailors called this "seeding meat." Oyster says, "Does this remind you of anything? Maybe the ol' Adam and Eve story?" Looking out the car window, he says, "You ever wonder when God's coming back with a lot of barbecue sauce?
Patti Smith|In friendship as well as love, ignorance very often contributes more to our happiness than knowledge.
Jaeda DeWalt|Living in love, gratitude and forgiveness, is peaceful and spiritually rejuvenating. Living under the emotional constraints of anger and resentment is draining and toxic to heart and soul. It can be difficult to let go of past hurts, but it can also be freeing and uplifting. More and more, i choose to live in love, gratitude and forgiveness.
Rita Golden Gelman, Tales of a Female Nomad: Living at Large in the World|My spirit gets nourished in faraway places. Sometimes I wonder if it's a biological need, perhaps a biological flaw, that compels me to seek the excitement and challenge that comes of being in a place where nobody knows me. Other times I think that my compulsion to settle into communities that are different from the ones I know is related to my passion for experiential learning. I learn best and most happily by doing, touching, sharing, tasting. When I'm somewhere I've never been before, learning goes on all day, every day.
Emma Straub|Look at yourselves. Some of you teenagers, students. How do you think I feel and I belong to a generation ahead of you - how do you think I feel to have to tell you, 'We, my generation, sat around like a knot on a wall while the whole world was fighting for its human rights - and you've got to be born into a society where you still have that same fight.' What did we do, who preceded you? I'll tell you what we did. Nothing. And don't you make the same mistake we made....
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|As much as we hate to admit it, we are sinners by birth. We are also sinners by choice. We are also sinners by practice.
Toni Sorenson|The truest of all truths is this: You are a child of God. Out of more than six billion people on earth now, He knows your name, what you fear and what you revere. He cares about the things you care about. He wants your happiness and success, and will reach to the farthest corner of the universe to see that you obtain your noblest dreams.
Justin Welby|As sure as the spring will follow the winter, prosperity and economic growth will follow recession.
David Simon|In retrospect, perhaps the biggest reason my mother was cared for but not helped for twenty years was the simplest: Her functioning was not that necessary to the world.
Ivan Turgenev, Virgin Soil|Fear has silenced the voice of truth in your world, and this is the anguish with which you struggle.
Kellan Lutz|I don't necessarily love the sports per se, I love the stories behind them. Also in a kind of perverse way I like to study what it does to us, why we care so much. It's caring about something that's utterly meaningless.
Boris Trajkovski|As long as anger, paranoia and misinformation drive our political debate, there are unhinged souls among us who will feel justified in turning to violent remedies for imagined threats.
Alexei Panshin, Rite of Passage|Anatomy lab, in the end, becomes less a violation of the sacred and more something that interferes with happy hour, and that realization discomfits. In our rare reflective moments, we were all silently apologizing to our cadavers, not because we sensed the transgression but because we did not.
Sunday Adelaja|The world lures people with its temptations and attractions, masking them with a cover of pleasure
Joe Biden, Promises to Keep: On Life and Politics|I believe all Americans are born with certain inalienable rights. As a child of God, I believe my rights are not derived from the constitution. My rights are not derived from any government. My rights are not denied by any majority. My rights are because I exist. They were given to me and each of my fellow citizens by our creator, and they represent the essence of human dignity...
Robin Bielman, Veiled Target|He kissed her more thoroughly, more deeply, more deliciously than she'd thought possible. Everything vanished for her. Nothing existed anywhere else. It was only the two of them. Lost in a time and place where no one could see them or touch them or harm them. The world as she knew it didn't matter. Nothing was as real as the two of them in each other's arms, Hugh kissing her like he might die without her.
Richard Llewellyn, How Green Was My Valley|Do not abandon ship:Some countries of the world are like people fighting on a large boat. In the middle of their battle over who should catch the biggest fish, they look up and realize that the fine boat is sinking, and everyone is going down. Their next fight will be for basic survival, and they will need to rely on one another, floating far from shore in the vast sea.
Qiu Miaojin, Last Words from Montmartre|And on it flows. I long to lie down quietly by the banks of a blue lake and die ... and when I'm dead for my body to be consumed by birds and beasts, leaving only the bone of my brow for Xu ... like Alexander, loyal to an everlasting love.
Jennifer Lopez, True Love|Your friend mourns your losses with you, because they experience them too. The truth is, no matter how lonely you might feel, you're never going through anything alone....you can choose your family.
Max von Sydow|I admired Stephen Daldry very much; I think he's a brilliant director, and also, I feel close to him because he has a lot of theater behind him. He's also a man of great imagination and a lovely sense of humor.
Jane B. Mason, Without Annette|In ancient Greece, adolescence was a time when young men left their biological families to become the lovers of adult men. Sexuality was but one element of an affectional and educational relationship in which youths learned the ways of manhood
Logan Keys|Let your life be a song. Let music be the background of whatever human things you will do for this blazing, spinning planet, and never let go of the good, never let go of the kindness.
Nora Roberts, Key of Knowledge|...If I don't have twenty or thirty books right here, waiting to be read, I start jonesing. That's my compulsion.
J.M. Coetzee, Waiting for the Barbarians|Also the air: the air is full of sighs and cries. These are never lost: if you listen carefully, with a sympathetic ear, you can hear them echoing forever within the second sphere.
George Santayana, The Life of Reason: Five Volumes in One|The more pleasure a universe can yield, other things being equal, the more beneficent and generous is its general nature; the more pains its constitution involves, the darker and more malign its total temper. To deny this would seem impossible, yet it is done daily; for there is nothing people will not maintain when they are slaves to superstition; and candor and a sense of justice are, in such a case, the first things lost.
Deshwal Sachin|Happiness is a choice not a result of something you do. Of course when you get what you want you feel good, but the truth is that you don't get what you want until you're already feeling good. You only get what you want when you're in alignment with the universe. And the key to align yourself with the universe/source/god is LOVE. When you're in love, you are at peace and NOW you're ready to receive and NOW the universe is ready to shout in your favor! So, get ready to ALIGN yourself with the universe! ~ UNIVERSE LOVES YOU & SO DO I ‪#‎StardustAK‬
Lucas Michael|The absence of a skyline makes him doubt he'll ever get where he's going, and behind him, where he's come from might as well not be there.
Casey Renee Kiser, The Moon Said No|I get happy and I get sad,just like anybody elsebut they call this a disorder.
Amy Heckerling|I went to art and design high school with a lot of people taking fashion. They would get up in the morning, and what they put on meant a lot to them.
Audrey Moralez|The power of knowing, in that first two seconds, is not a gift given magically to a fortunate few. It is an ability that we can all cultivate for ourselves.
Shannon L. Alder|I write to find strength.I write to become the person that hides inside me.I write to light the way through the darkness for others.I write to be seen and heard.I write to be near those I love.I write by accident, promptings, purposefully and anywhere there is paper. I write because my heart speaks a different language that someone needs to hear.I write past the embarrassment of exposure.I write because hypocrisy doesn’t need answers, rather it needs questions to heal. I write myself out of nightmares.I write because I am nostalgic, romantic and demand happy endings.I write to remember.I write knowing conversations don’t always take place.I write because speaking can’t be reread.I write to sooth a mind that races.I write because you can play on the page like a child left alone in the sand.I write because my emotions belong to the moon; high tide, low tide.I write knowing I will fall on my words, but no one will say it was for very long.I write because I want to paint the world the way I see love should be.I write to provide a legacy.I write to make sense out of senselessness.I write knowing I will be killed by my own words, stabbed by critics, crucified by both misunderstanding and understanding. I write for the haters, the lovers, the lonely, the brokenhearted and the dreamers.I write because one day someone will tell me that my emotions were not a waste of time. I write because God loves stories.I write because one day I will be gone, but what I believed and felt will live on.
Confucius, The Analects|If you expect great things of yourself and demand little of others, you’ll keep resentment far away.
Mabel Katz, The Easiest Way to Live: Let Go of the Past, Live in the Present and Change Your Life Forever|Pointing out the possible, and expensive, entanglements that could come with widespread commercial enterprise, the author calculates the Great Britain was at war half the time between 1689 and 1783.
Inayat Khan|It is more important to find out the truth about oneself than to find out the truth about heaven and hell, or about many other things which are of less importance and are apart from oneself. However, every man's pursuit is according to his state of evolution, and so each soul is in pursuit of something—but he does not know where it leads him. The first sign of realization of truth is tolerance towards others. There are the words of Christ, "In the house of my Father are many mansions", and those of the Prophet, "Each soul has its own religion." This means that according to his evolution so man knows the truth and the more a man knows, the more he finds there is to learn.
Debasish Mridha|Let me be kind, let me be compassionate, let me be joyful, and let me sing a song of love.
Edmund Metatawabin, Up Ghost River: A Chief's Journey Through the Turbulent Waters of Native History|A forum where real stories can be told, in uncensored detail, and be truly heard. A forum that is not limited to dialogue alone but welcomes the consequences of asking the deep questions – where tears, outrage, embarrassment, anguish, shame, absurdity, forgiveness, compassion, healing, and spiritual grace can all come forth in their innate and flowing wisdom. A place where the heart can melt or soar as needed and the human spirit can triumph through the trials and tribulation of thousands of years of gender oppression and injustice.
Anonymous|Time plays no favorites and will pass whether you act or not. Take control of your life. Dare to dream and take risks...Compete! If you aren't willing to work for you goals, don't expect others to! Believe in yourself.
Victoria Schwab, This Savage Song|Listen to me,” he said, pulling off his coat. “You need to stay awake.”She almost laughed, a shallow chuckle cut short by pain.He tore the lining from the Colton jacket. “What’s so funny?”“You’re a really shitty monster, August Flynn.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|...he had acquired the conviction that one had to concern oneself with the rational, not the insane—that one had to seek that which was right, because the right answer always won—that the senseless, the wrong, the monstrously unjust could not work, could not succeed, could do nothing but defeat itself.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Without equanimity, we might give love to others only in an effort to bridge the inevitable and healthy space that always exists between two people.
Alahdal A. Hussein|Everyone has a purpose to live for, make yours worth living.
Rob Bignell, Editor, Writing Affirmations: A Collection of Positive Messages to Inspire Writers|Every word I write is a seed that I may nurture into a small, beautiful poem or a tall, soaring tree.
Alberto Manguel, A History of Reading|We read in slow, long motions, as if drifting in space, weightless. We read full of prejudice, malignantly. We read generously, making excuses for the text, filling gaps, mending faults. And sometimes, when the stars are kind, we read with an intake of breath, with a shudder... as if a memory had suddenly been rescued from a place deep within us--the recognition of something we never knew was there...
Simona Panova, Nightmarish Sacrifice|And I wasn’t playing a role – I was trying to be myself.But the harder I was striving, the more I was realizing that I had probably lost that ‘myself’ somewhere between two perfectly performed roles...
Lailah Gifty Akita|If we born into the world, we must seek rebirth in the world.
Aerin Lauder|I used a lot of sports psychologists when I was younger... sometimes it helped, sometimes it didn't.
Madeleine Albright|I believe the future is only the past again, entered through another gate.
Richard Bach, The Bridge Across Forever: A True Love Story|I’m here not because I am supposed to be here, or because I’m trapped here, but because I’d rather be with you than anywhere else in the world.
Walt Whitman|The last scud of day holds back for me, It flings my likeness after the rest and true as any on the shadow'd wilds, It coaxes me to the vapor and the dusk.I depart as air, I shake my white locks at the runaway sun, I effuse my flesh in eddies, and drift it in lacy jags.I bequeath myself to the dirt to grow from the grass I love, If you want me again look for me under your boot-soles.You will hardly know who I am or what I mean, But I shall be good health to your nevertheless,And filter and fibre your blood.Failing to fetch me at first keep encouraged,Missing me one place, search another,I stop somewhere waiting for you.
Daniel Bates, When Parenting Backfires: Twelve Thinking Errors that Undermine Parents Effectiveness|High demands and expectations without skill development, encouragement or the feeling of a “win” will lead to resentment. Demanding perfection is exhausting on the part of the person making the demands and on the person of whom the perfection is demanded.
Michael DeLong, A General Speaks Out: The Truth About the Wars in Afghanistan and Iraq|There could be nothing, he reflected, to equal a government which was simply the honest enforcement, by means of the sword, of the laws of Islam.
T. D. Jakes|Democracy is when the indigent, and not the men of property, are the rulers.
Marilyn Johnson, This Book Is Overdue!: How Librarians and Cybrarians Can Save Us All|Librarians are on the front lines of an invisible struggle over our information diet and, for better or worse, the scales are not tipping in their direction.
PRENTICE|Among men, it seems, historically at any rate, the processes of coordination and disintegration follow each other with great regularity, and the index of the coordination is the measure of the disintegration which follows. There is no mob like a group of well-drilled soldiers when they have thrown off their discipline. And there is no lostness like that which comes to a man when a perfect and certain pattern has dissolved about him. There is no hater like one who has greatly loved.
H. L. Mencken|What you believe is very powerful. If you have toxic emotions of fear, guilt and depression, it is because you have wrong thinking, and you have wrong thinking because of wrong believing.
Leonard Scheff|It's been so long since I've let myself feel anger that I don't just feel it. It covers my mouth and I swallow it down, the taste sharp and metal as though I'm gnawing through foilware.
Katie MacAlister, The Importance of Being Alice|I have a hat for it, actually." Elliott made a vague gesture with one hand. "Well, it's more of a full-body suit, really."	"Is that a euphemism for a condom?"	"No." He marched past me and lay down on the bed. "My mother knitted me a willy-warmer a few years back when we were having a cold stretch. She felt I wasn't like to produce the grandchildren she desires if I had as she put it, frost-shriveled parts.
Shannon L. Alder|Anyone can become your best friend when you spend time together and share your feelings about life. However, not every best friend can free you from yourself. This is when you reconsider the word "best" and decide to expand your circle to include others.
Brad McKinniss, Beast Machine|His targets had little in common, other than that they had somehow aroused his enmity.
Ella Fitzgerald|God sleeps in the minerals, awakens in plants, walks in animals, and thinks in man.
Rosa Brooks, How Everything Became War and the Military Became Everything: Tales from the Pentagon|...And unpredictability can spread: one powerful outlier can pave the way for others, and as more states joint the outlier, the foundations of the rule of law begin to crumble.US counterterrorism practices--and the legal theories that under-pin them--are undermining the international rule of law in precisely this way...
Gina Lake, What about Now?: Reminders for Being in the Moment|When true happiness shows up, the ego is bored with it: It's too plain, too ordinary, and it doesn't leave us feeling special or above the fray. It doesn't take away our problems, which is the ego's idea of happiness. The ego wants no more difficulties: no ore sickness, no more need for money, no more work, no more bad feelings, only unending pleasure and bliss. Such perfection is the ego's idea of a successful life. However, the happiness the ego dreams of will never be attained by anyone. The ego denies the reality of this dimension, where challenges are necessary to evolution and blissful states and pleasure come and go.
Clark Zlotchew, The Caucasian Menace|Anne did think on the question with perfect decision, and said as much in replay as her own feelings could accomplish, or as his seemed able to bear, for he was too much affected to renew the subject - and when he spoke again, it was something totally different.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|I created the OASIS because I never felt at home in the real world. I didn't know how to connect with the people there. I was afraid, for all of my life, right up until I knew it was ending. That was when I realized, as terrifying and painful as reality can be, it's also the only place where you can find true happiness. Because reality is real.
Malvina Reynolds|Such bliss is not meant to last. In my husband's house, my children were my real gifts.
Norhafsah Hamid, Trying to be Muslim|If we want people to accept us as we are, then we should accord the same courtesy to them
Michelle Zink, Prophecy of the Sisters|To find the books end,cross the ancient wood to the mystic isle.Until then, prepare yourselffor the coming battle. . .AND TRUST NO ONE.
Sandra Lee Dennis, Embrace of the Daimon: Healing Through the Subtle Energy Body/ Jungian Psychology & the Dark Feminine|Some of us will admit to a simple fascination with the inner world for its own sake, a fascination with no further goal than the thrill of discovery, the pleasure of engaging the mysterious, dark ground of our own nature.
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a scientist who found himself by getting lost|There has been more bloodshed in the name of God than for any other cause. And it is all because people never attempt to reach the fountain-head. They are content only to comply with the customs of their forefathers and instructions on some books, and want others to do the same. But, to explain God after merely reading the scriptures is like explaining the city of New York after seeing it only in a map.
Katherine Russell, Without Shame|No more crying. Tears only cause destructivefloods. When you are sad, you build a boat.
Georges Bataille|Intimacy cannot be expressed discursively. The swelling to the bursting point, the malice that breaks out with clenched teeth and weeps; the sinking feeling that doesn't know where it comes from or what it's about; the fear that sings its head off in the dark; the white-eyed pallor, the sweet sadness, the rage and the vomiting...are so many evasions. What is intimate, in the strong sense, is what has the passion of an absence of individuality, the imperceptible sonority of a river, the empty limpidity of the sky
Peter Lerangis, The Sword Thief|I g-g-guess...I'm dead?" she heard her own voice call out, strangely high-pitched and thin.For a long time, she heard nothing else. And then:"Hi, Dead. I'm Dan.
Virginia Woolf, Jacob's Room|Every face, every shop, bedroom window, public-house, and dark square is a picture feverishly turned--in search of what? It is the same with books. What do we seek through millions of pages?
Andrew Cuomo|New York State is upside down and backwards; high taxes and low performance. The New York State government was at one time a national model. Now, unfortunately, it's a national disgrace. Sometimes, the corruption in Albany could even make Boss Tweed blush.
Ikechukwu Joseph, Discovering Yourself|You can't reinvent yourself using spare parts..."--Barry Randall from My Father's Ashes
Wendy McClure, I'm Not the New Me|Richard didn't even have time to ask if I thought I'd ever amount to anything in this life before I looked him eye to eye and said, "I already have, mister.
Anthony D. Ravenscroft, Polyamory: Roadmaps for the Clueless and Hopeful: An Introduction on Polyamory|When you begin with the premise "I treat everyone equally," you have already blinkered yourself from seeing where you don't, or can't, or shouldn't. There is no way to treat two people equally, because they are each unique, with respective strengths and weaknesses.
Debasish Mridha|Every human desires peace and happiness, but only a few have the goal to attain those.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|Reason number 106 why dogs are smarter than humans: once you leave the litter, you sever contact with your mothers.
Rachel Archelaus|I honestly believe that people of my generation despise authenticity, mostly because they're all so envious of it.
Adrian G. Hilder, The General's Legacy, Part One: Inheritance|I think there comes a point when the outcome of a battle is inevitable but the fighting has not ended. Then the enemy becomes exhaustion and pain. A common enemy. Does the soldier holding in his entrails and facing the death reaper, care any longer what he fought for?” said Quain.(From The General's Legacy)
Erik Pevernagie|She made ugly things beautiful, somehow, and he would never understand it. "pg 346
Katherine McIntyre, By the Sea|Too late; my awkwardness had already made an unforgettable appearance, so, of course, I couldn’t be let off the hook.
Donald Wuerl|The lesson of 9/11 is that America is truly exceptional. We withstood the worst attack of our history, intended by our enemies to destroy us. Instead, it drew us closer and made us more united. Our love for freedom and one another has given us a strength that surprised even ourselves.
Steve Jobs|When you are led by values, it doesn't cost your business, it helps your business.
Théophile Gautier, Ménagerie intime|Once [a cat] has given its love, what absolute confidence, what fidelity of affection! It will make itself the companion of your hours of work, of loneliness, or of sadness. It will lie the whole evening on your knee, purring and happy in your society, and leaving the company of creatures of its own society to be with you.
Sanjida Kay, Bone by Bone|They say you shouldn't equivocate; They say you should be direct and firm. They say that's "no" is one-word sentence. They say to use it with force.. They say you should never elaborate on "no".
Abhijit Naskar, Love, God & Neurons: Memoir of a Scientist Who Found Himself by Getting Lost|Awaken your mind from the deep sleep of ancient mysticism and make it self-conscious - power will come, glory will come, goodness will come and everything that is excellent will come.
Sarah Vowell, Take the Cannoli|This is where the pivotal events of my childhood unfolded, while I ate banana and root beer Popsicles, two by two, tucking the sticks neatly under the skirt of the chair. It's where Sunnybank Lad met Lady, Ken met his friend Flicka, Atlanta burned, Manderley burned, Lassie came home, Jim ran away, Alice got small, Wilbur got big, David Copperfield was born, Beth died, and, on an endless gloomy winter afternoon, Jody shot his yearling.
C. JoyBell C.|Spend as much time as possible with positive, joyful people and as little time as possible with negative, unhappy people.
Christopher Hitchens|I have a very healthy relationship to my work, and I find that if a scene is working, no matter how intense it is, you have the catharsis on screen, and you can let it go. I think it's, if at the end of the day you feel like you haven't cracked it, that's when you go home and it's more difficult to switch off.
Goodmorning Gorgeous|Go be who you were meant to be, explore your mind, understand you are free.
Darryl Stewart Wellness|He likes to humble our foes by making them seem ridiculous. As he said to me the other day, ‘Kill a man, and you cede him honor in the eyes of the gods. Laugh at him and you shame him'.
Kimberley Alecia Smith|I used to worry about the labels others placed on me… until I realized my limitations weren’t coming from their labels, but from my own.
Josh Stern, And That's Why I'm Single: What Good Is Having A Lucky Horseshoe Up Your Butt When The Horse Is Still Attached?|Running efficiently demands good technique, and running efficiently for 100 miles demands great technique. But the wonderful paradox of running is that getting started requires no technique. None at all. If you want to become a runner, get onto a trail, into the woods, or on a sidewalk or street and run. Go 50 yards if that's all you can handle. Tomorrow, you can go farther.
Jack Nicholson|Lay this unto your breast: Old friends, like old swords, still are trusted best.
Mehmet Murat ildan|That's how he saw climbing, a physical exercise in positive and negative space. The vast expanse of white drawing the small, person-shaped speck into sharp relief.
Jane Austen, Persuasion|All the privilege I claim for my own sex (it is not a very enviable one, you need not covet it) is that of loving longest, when existence or when hope is gone.
Evelyn Waugh, The Loved One|conservative n.A person who possesses an underdeveloped taste for tyranny.liberal n.A person who believes in liberty, but only for the state.
Jimi Hendrix|When the power of love overcomes the love of power, the world will know peace."-Jimi Hendrix
Charles de Montesquieu|Death is the veil which those who live call life; They sleep, and it is lifted.
Peter Joison, Ellring|It might be just some trend that came and went,' I said. 'But for us, it's our life.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|If they ever envision Goodness as a thing that exists outside them, some real thing they’ve been called to participate in by their actions, well then, we’re headed right back toward The Virtues.
John M Sheehan|Sometimes, if you have faith in people they'll surprise you. Mom and Dad taught me that. Risk is the price of believing most people want to be good.
Patrick Carman, Stargazer|There would be times in the years to come when he ( Murphy ) would accompany me back and forth between the two worlds I'd come to know. Other times, Yipes would venture out over the water, and even Matilda came along once. There were loads of clothes and seeds and jars of honey and other such things cramping our space, and children of every age moving between the pillars and The Land of Elyon. And always, always, there was Marco at the pedals, helping guide the way across the Lonely Sea. I have yet to venture off the course that was set for me by Sir Alistair Wakefield, but I see certain things on the old maps that make me curious. Are there other places to explore, somewhere in the immeasurable reaches of the Lonely Sea? Maybe my own children or their children will find these strange spots on the map. My way is set an in stone, and I don't feel the need to veer off any longer. It has taken many days of searching and fighting, but in the end I have found what I was looking for. I have found my way home.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|You have to learn how to take care of yourself. Who you need, is you. It was always about and for you.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|Forgiveness is a revolving door positioned in your path.  You must step through it to move on, but it takes both timing and choice to escape walking circles inside.
Joe Beaton|The reason sex is fun is not to cater to the desire for individual human pleasure, but because hunanity would have ceased to exist a long time ago if it were drudgery.
Hugh Hefner|I have dreamed in my life, dreams that have stayed with me ever after, and changed my ideas; they have gone through and through me, like wine through water, and altered the color of my mind.
Aeschylus, Prometheus Bound|Time, as it grows old, teaches all things.
Fulton J. Sheen|In moments when fever, agony, and pain make it hard to pray, the suggestion of prayer that comes from merely holding the rosary - or better still, from caressing the Crucifix at the end of it - is tremendous!
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|Whatever you can think about, you can have it realized, provided you can work out the suggestions of your imaginations.
Yvette R. Dempster, The Adoption: Whose You Are = Who You Are|The best course to prevent falling into the pit is to keep at the greatest distance from it; he who will be so bold as to attempt to dance upon the brink of the pit, may find by woeful experience that it is a righteous thing with God that he should fall into the pit.
Samuel Smiles|It is a mistake to suppose that men succeed through success; they much oftener succeed through failures. Precept, study, advice, and example could never have taught them so well as failure has done.
Henry Petroski|I had been elected to the National Academy of Design in New York, and one of the requirements was that you give a portrait, a self-portrait of yourself.
John Milton, Areopagitica|Give me the liberty to know, to utter, and to argue freely according to conscience, above all liberties.
David Lee|The cool thing about Kyle Killen, he writes really defined characters. I was a big fan of 'Awake' and also 'Lone Star.' I just think that he's a really, really special writer, and complex and deep, and a really smart dude.
Gaelen Foley, My Wicked Marquess|Max - "...Do me a favor, if the constable comes knocking, tell him I was here all morning, will you?"Dodsley - "Killed someone again, did we?"Max- "Never before luncheon, Dodsley. It's still early yet.
Nicholas Sparks, The Wedding|Frugality, I've learned, has its own cost, one that sometimes lasts forever.
Suzy  Davies, Johari's Window|I wish I had another chance to write that school composition, 'What I Did Last Summer.' When I wrote it in fifth grade, I was scared and just recorded: 'It was interesting. It was nice. My summer was fun.' I snuck through with a B grade. But I still wondered, How do you really do that? Now it is obvious. You tell the truth and you depict it in detail: 'My mother dyed her hair red and polished her toenails silver. I was mad for Parcheesi and running the sprinkler catching beetles in a mason jar and feeding them grass. My father sat at the kitchen table a lot staring straight ahead, never talking, a Budweiser in his hand.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|I saw the world I had walked since my birth and I understood how fragile it was, that the reality was a thin layer of icing on a great dark birthday cake writhing with grubs and nightmares and hunger.
Mother Teresa|I see Jesus in every human being. I say to myself, this is hungry Jesus, I must feed him. This is sick Jesus. This one has leprosy or gangrene; I must wash him and tend to him. I serve becuase I love Jesus.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A person employs human reason and intellect to guide our earthly expedition. We can stumble through life satisfying the unconscious dictates of the mind or take control of our life by increasing our level of conscious awareness. Philosophy always commences with an act of consciousness. We must follow our moral passions. We create our reality by what we perceive as truth. We imagine a life that we wish to experience. Live the life that you envision. Do not allow other people or external determinates to control your conception of the self, because otherwise you are living someone else’s life.
Sierra Donovan, No Christmas Like the Present|She wanted him, but she didn't want to want him.
Jami Attenberg, The Middlesteins|She wanted to read and talk and laugh and watch television and listen to the radio. She wanted to watch the world around her go by, and make up stories in her head about everything she saw...Like a princess in a carriage, surveying her kingdom, preferably one with a magical forest.
Benny Bellamacina, Piddly Poems for Children|Never worry if you’re excluded from the circle, sometimes it’s full of squares.
Jamie Oliver|I was always a kid trying to make a buck. I borrowed a dollar from my dad, went to the penny candy store, bought a dollar's worth of candy, set up my booth, and sold candy for five cents apiece. Ate half my inventory, made $2.50, gave my dad back his dollar.
Britt Ekland|There is no quick fix. At the end of the day, you still have to do the work to maintain your weight. It can't be a diet. You have to change your life.
Criss Jami|The legions who attempt to love without Christ, without a new heart, are indeed able to love amongst themselves; however this love is made possible by restraining any anger or hatred deep within the old heart, only to release it all on whichever village idiot(s) they collectively feel a crucifixion would be justified.
Nanamoli Thera|Let us imagine a number of men in chains, and all condemned to death, where some are killed each day in the sight of the others, and those who remain see their own fate in that of their fellows, and wait their turn, looking at each other sorrowfully and without hope. It is an image of the condition of men.
David LaChapelle|Race and gender definitely came up, occasionally, in my life at work. But the bigger challenge that I had was age. I took roles earlier in my career than people expected, and so a lot of what I got was, 'Do you actually know enough to do this?'
P.J. Fox, The Price of Desire|She stood by the bed and stroked her father's hand, knowing how desperately afraid he must feel at this moment. He'd always prided himself on being the kind of man who could be counted on, a man to whom others looked for advice and support. Dependence would wither his spirit, and the thought of that, of her father being diminished or broken, was almost as unbearable as the thought of losing him.
Rob Bell, Love Wins: A Book About Heaven, Hell, and the Fate of Every Person Who Ever Lived|As we experience this love, there is a temptation at times to become hostile to our earlier understandings, feeling embarrassed that we were so "simple" or "naive," or "brainwashed" or whatever terms arise when we haven't come to terms with our own story. These past understandings aren't to be denied or dismissed; they're to be embraced. Those experiences belong. Love demands that they belong. That's where we were at that point in our life and God met us there. Those moments were necessary for us to arrive here, at this place at this time, as we are. Love frees us to embrace all of our history, the history in which all things are being made new.
Jodi Picoult, The Storyteller|History tells us that six million Jews disappeared during that war. If there was no Holocaust, where did they go?' She shakes her head. 'All of that, and the world didn't learn anything. Look around. There's still ethnic cleansing. There's discrimination.
Osho, And The Flowers Showered Discourses On Zen|Teaching comes through the head, learning happens through the heart.
Zora Neale Hurston, Their Eyes Were Watching God|When God had made The Man, he made him out of stuff that sung all the time and glittered all over. Some angels got jealous and chopped him into millions of pieces, but still he glittered and hummed. So they beat him down to nothing but sparks but each little spark had a shine and a song. So they covered each one over with mud. And the lonesomeness in the sparks make them hunt for one another.
Clare Vanderpool|There are no stars, no moon, only knots, only the promise of death. Drums cry out in the abyss and then fade with everything else. Even the shadows fade and all that is left is death. We are all dead, we just haven't figured it out yet.
Luffina Lourduraj|Personality is a slot machine, and the cherries, lemons, and bells are your SSRI system, your schizophrenic tendency, your left/right brain lobalization, your anxiety proclivity, your wiring glitches, your place on the autistic and OCD spectrums - and to these we must add the deep-level influences of the machines and systems of intelligence that guided your brain into maturity.
John Vane|'White Christmas' is one of my favorite movies, so I've always just had a love for that kind of golden era musical.
Alexandra Bracken, Sparks Rise|I’m not leaving him, Sam! And I’m not waiting for the others to help.
Rachel Carson|The farm work they hated was the only work they knew. Often, even the basic skills of plumbing or electricity or mechanical work were mysteries to them – as were the job discipline and the subtleties that children raised in the industrial world learn without thinking about them; starting work on time, working set hours, taking orders from strangers instead of their father, playing office politics.
Roman Payne, The Wanderess|What a face this girl possessed!—Could I neither die then nor gaze at her face every day, I would need to recreate it through painting or sculpture, or through fatherhood, until a second such face could be born.
Edna Ferber|I think that in order to write really well and convincingly, one must be somewhat poisoned by emotion. Dislike, displeasure, resentment, fault-finding, imagination, passionate remonstrance, a sense of injustice--they all make fine fuel.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|God can be everywhere at once, heeding the prayers of all who call out in the name of Christ; performing the mighty miracles that keep the stars in their places, and the plants bursting up through the earth, and the fish swimming in the sea. There is no limit to God. There is no limit to His wisdom. There is no limit to His power. There is no limit to His love. There is no limit to His mercy.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|None of us got to where we are alone. Whether the assistance we received was obvious or subtle, acknowledging that helpis a very important part of understanding...and is also the importance of saying... THANK YOU.
David Baldacci|Look at Scottish guys wearing kilts - you could look at them and laugh, but the way they carry themselves, how can you? You can wear some of the weirdest things and be cool. If you believe in it, that's what makes it cool.
Tamara Thiel, Random Musings of a Curious Soul|You want so very much to adhere to your comfortable, uncomplicated contrasting color scheme. But that part of you that is no longer delicate, the pieces of you that have been impressed upon time and time again are making it difficult. You are beginning to understand, perhaps quite reluctantly, that life is cast in shades of grey. And that grey, whether it leans towards a lighter washed out version, or towards a never ending darkness, is not in the business of solace.
Kumar|For intuitive people, it can be exhausting having to constantly manage other people’s emotional needs on personal social media accounts.
Desiderius Erasmus|A woman has two smiles that an angel might envy, the smile that accepts a lover before words are uttered, and the smile that lights on the first born babe, and assures it of a mother's love.
Alan Watts|You are always free to change your mind and choose a different future, or a different past.
Nithin Purple, Venus and Crepuscule: Beauty and Violence on Me Thrown|The thick baffling blades of false world customs rip off my views and ideas,like breaking every string of my aesthetic thoughts in disdain and jealousy;pain pain enough your tigrine roars before I die.
Mark Twain|The face of the water, in time, became a wonderful book- a book that was a dead language to the uneducated passenger, but which told its mind to me without reserve, delivering its most cherished secrets as clearly as if it uttered them with a voice. And it was not a book to be read once and thrown aside, for it had a new story to tell every day.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|God is our refuge and our strength, an ever-present help in trouble.
Anatole Broyard|A good book is never exhausted. It goes on whispering to you from the wall. Books perfume and give weight to a room. A bookcase is as good as a view, as the sight of a city or a river. There are dawns and sunsets in books - storms, fogs, zephyrs. I read about a family whose apartment consists of a series of spaces so strictly planned that they are obliged to give away their books as soon as they've read them. I think they have misunderstood the way books work.  Reading a book is only the first step in the relationship. After you've finished it, the book enters on its real career. It stand there as a badge, a blackmailer, a monument, a scar. It's both a flaw in the room, like a crack in the plaster, and a decoration. The contents of someone's bookcase are part of his history, like an ancestral port
The Pogues|(Streets of Sorrow)Oh, farewell you streets of sorrowOh, farewell you streets of painI'll not return to feel more sorrowThrough the years I've lived through terrorAnd in the darkened streets, the painOh, how I long to find some solaceIn my mind, I curse the strainSo, farewell, you streets of sorrowAnd, farewell, you streets of pain
Tash Aw, Five Star Billionaire|Time — how it expands to fill the spaces you create; how it makes meagre experiences seem never-ending. Whenever he heard people talk about the ravages of time, about how it robbed and deprived, Justin always smiled; because for him, time was an accomplice, plugging the gaps and fleshing out morsels of memory so he would have something substantial to hang on to. That way, however little he had seen or felt, he would always feel as if he had more: a life far richer than the truth.
Glenn Greenwald, A Tragic Legacy: How a Good vs. Evil Mentality Destroyed the Bush Presidency|A president who is burdened with a failed and unpopular war, and who has lost the trust of the country, simply can no longer govern. He is destined to become as much a failure as his war.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|Well, in war, you can only be killed once. But in politics, many times.
John Henry Newman, Apologia Pro Vita Sua|Mr Kingsley begins then by exclaiming- 'O the chicanery, the wholesale fraud, the vile hypocrisy, the conscience-killing tyranny of Rome! We have not far to seek for an evidence of it. There's Father Newman to wit: one living specimen is worth a hundred dead ones. He, a Priest writing of Priests, tells us that lying is never any harm.'I interpose: 'You are taking a most extraordinary liberty with my name. If I have said this, tell me when and where.'Mr Kingsley replies: 'You said it, Reverend Sir, in a Sermon which you preached, when a Protestant, as Vicar of St Mary's, and published in 1844; and I could read you a very salutary lecture on the effects which that Sermon had at the time on my own opinion of you.'I make answer: 'Oh...NOT, it seems, as a Priest speaking of Priests-but let us have the passage.'Mr Kingsley relaxes: 'Do you know, I like your TONE. From your TONE I rejoice, greatly rejoice, to be able to believe that you did not mean what you said.'I rejoin: 'MEAN it! I maintain I never SAID it, whether as a Protestant or as a Catholic.'Mr Kingsley replies: 'I waive that point.'I object: 'Is it possible! What? waive the main question! I either said it or I didn't. You have made a monstrous charge against me; direct, distinct, public. You are bound to prove it as directly, as distinctly, as publicly-or to own you can't.''Well,' says Mr Kingsley, 'if you are quite sure you did not say it, I'll take your word for it; I really will.'My WORD! I am dumb. Somehow I thought that it was my WORD that happened to be on trial. The WORD of a Professor of lying, that he does not lie!But Mr Kingsley reassures me: 'We are both gentlemen,' he says: 'I have done as much as one English gentleman can expect from another.'I begin to see: he thought me a gentleman at the very time he said I taught lying on system...
M.F. Moonzajer|What I find particularly hypocritical and dishonest is the suggestion that secularism is synonym for “doubt” and “tolerance”, as opposed to the certainty and intolerance of religion. Since the French Revolution, secularism, when translated into social or political action, has hardly been a synonym for tolerance and scepticism, but has been instead unfailingly characterised by a presumption to occupy the moral high ground which entitles to deal out moral judgments. This self-righteousness has often extended to a point that its proponents have not hesitated to execute those who dare to dissent from the new received orthodoxy, with an unwavering certainty that they are fulfilling the momentous mission of promoting social and moral progress. It is perhaps worth reminding that communism – an ideological monster responsible for, within just a few short decades, mass murders on a scale previously unprecedented in human history – is a political manifestation of the idea of a secular society. Marxist communist ideologies are intrinsically linked to the notion of a state sponsored, and enforced, secularism. 3 Communism has never struck me as particularly tolerant or imbued with scepticism. It is indeed a shame that the ruthless dictators of state atheism – such as Stalin, Mao and Pol Pot - before butchering tens of millions of people, did not doubt for an instant of doing the right thing.
Yolanda Adams|We should make decisions in life with our hearts, not our brains, not only in music but in daily life.
Alexander Graham Bell|When one door closes another door opens; but we so often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door, that we do not see the ones which open for us.
Orson Scott Card|Where loyalty bound creatures together, they became something larger, something new and whole and inexplicable.
samura|தடைகளை தாண்டிப்பார்;இன்னல்களை தளர்த்திப்பார்,வாய்ப்புகளை பயன்படுத்திப்பார்,வெற்றி கிடைக்கும், பொறுத்திருந்து பார்,திரும்பிப்பார்க்கும், பெருத்த இந்த பார்!
Arash Tabish|I do believe in my country most people from different generations think or believe that current situation of our country which is war everywhere caused by foreign countries. they think foreign countries does not want peace in Afghanistan and so many other reasons they will bring but i do not agree with them. probably you want to know Why? the answer is simple. if the people do not pick up guns, go war and fight with each others or make war everywhere. if people think well before they do something horrible and if they try to pick up a pen,a book and a notebook instead of guns and try to get right education, get smart and think well then they would never kill their brothers and sisters, they would never make war with each others or destroy their country and their world. i promise the situation will be much more different then how it is now so if u don't believe then let try it. Let's stop hating each others, stop hurting each others and stop making war everywhere and killing our fellow humans. Let's get right education and learn that we all are part of a big family with different nationalities, colours, languages and believes. Let's start forgiving each others for whatever mean we did to each and stop doing mean to each others. finally let's love each others beyond any conditions.
Susan Ee, End of Days|Who knew?’ he says. ‘I had no idea that someone could be such a thorn in your foot during a death march and still be irresistibly attractive in some magical, undeniable way.’‘So is that what people call sweet nothings? Because somehow, I expected it to be a little more . . . complimentary.’‘Don’t you know a heartfelt declaration of love when you hear one?’I blink dumbly at him with my heart pounding.He caresses a lock of my hair out of my face. ‘Look, I know that we’re from different worlds and different people. But I’ve realized that it doesn’t matter.’‘You don’t care about the angelic rules anymore?’‘My Watchers have helped me realize that angelic rules are for angels. Without our wings, we can never be fully accepted back into the fold. There will always be talk of taking a newly Fallen’s wings and transplanting them onto us. Angels are perfect. Even with transplanted wings, we’ll never again be perfect. You accept me just the way I am, regardless of whether or not I even have wings. Even when I had my demon wings, you’ve never looked at me with pity. You’ve never wavered in your loyalty. That’s who you are – my brave, loyal, lovable Daughter of Man.
Lapo Elkann|Winter in the country is very white. There is black grit on all the shoulders of the roads and on the big mounds from the plows, and all the cars are filthy, but the fields are dazzling and untouched and pristine.
Elizabeth Langston|Obviously, genies worked out in their off-hours. He looked so good it was distracting.
Heather Brewer, First Kill|When will it begin, anyway?" Sirus held his gaze for a moment, his eyes full of concern- a concern that Joss didn't understand. "Probably sooner than you're ready for." "When's that?" "Well." Sirus sighed, as if doing the math in his head."It'll take us about three minutes to gather this stuff and get to the cabin, and another two or three for Abraham to realize you're here. So I'd say you have about seven more minutes of freedom left.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton, The Woman's Bible: A Classic Feminist Perspective|Any time you see signs or labels added to a device, it is an indication of bad design: a simple lock should not require instructions.
Chuck Klosterman, I Wear the Black Hat: Grappling With Villains|One is not loved accidentally; one’s own power to love produces love - just as being interested makes one interesting. People are concerned with the question of whether they are attractive while they forget that the essence of attractiveness is their own capacity to love. To love a person productively implies to care and to feel responsible for his life, not only for his physical existence but for the growth and development of all his human powers. To love productively is incompatible with being passive, with being an onlooker at the loved person’s life; it implies labor and care and the responsibility for his growth.
Philip   Dodd, Klubbe the Turkle and the Golden Star Coracle|They worried to an excessive degree about getting gender correct, as if elves gave a shit. Humans could keep their concerns about everyone’s genitalia to themselves.
Derek Landy|At present, however, with his aching head and queasy stomach, Sebastian was feeling exceedingly resistible. Or if not that, then resistant. Aphrodite herself could descend from the ceiling, floating on a bloody clamshell, naked but for a few well-placed flowers, and he‘d likely puke at her feet.No, no, she ought to be completely naked. If he was going to prove the existence of a goddess, right here in this room, she was damned well going to be naked.He‘d still puke on her feet, though.
Steven Redhead, The Solution|Destiny is variable, not fixed; it is forever changing depending upon your free will to make choices for what you want your life to be.
William O'Neill|This gulf war syndrome thing is truly unfortunate, and I've met some of the vets who have this. These are my guys, and I feel terrible about it.
Buffy Andrews, Gina and Mike|I don't remember deciding to become a writer. You decide to become a dentist or a postman. For me, writing is like being gay. You finally admit that this is who you are, you come out and hope that no one runs away.
Jasinda Wilder, Falling into You|People not cry 'coztheir weak,It Beacaus They've been srong...GFor too long !!
George Bernard Shaw|Certainly the best works, and of greatest merit for the public, have proceeded from the unmarried, or childless men.
Timothy Brook, Vermeer's Hat: The Seventeenth Century and the Dawn of the Global World|Honesty, like any inclination, can become a ruling passion, a monomania almost.
Brandy Nacole, Deep in the Hollow|Thomas had lived in fear and terror the past few weeks, but this was almost too much. To feel safe only to have that snatched away again.
Kim Jong-un|Truth, like light, blinds. Falsehood, on the contrary, is a beautiful twilight that enhances every object.
Frederick Douglass|If you change the way you look at things, the things you look at change.
Janice  Anderson|Your life is an opportunity to question, discover, and explore.
Katie McGarry, Red at Night|The pure menace radiating from my younger sister is undeniable. She can hate me, but I need her to know that she has something that Stella never did: a place to fall. "And if he hurts you or if anyone hurts you...you have me."  It feels unnatural, but I hug my sister. Her arms are limp at her sides, but she doesn't push me away.  "Remember, you have me," I repeat.
Sabaa Tahir, A Torch Against the Night|Perhaps grief is like battle: After experiencing enough of it, your body’s instincts take over. When you see it closing in like a Martial death squad, you harden your insides. You prepare for the agony of a shredded heart. And when it hits, it hurts, but not as badly, because you have locked away your weakness, and all that’s left is anger and strength.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Cursed|Em, you have a soul.”“How can you be so sure of that, Hayden? How many people die and come back?”“No one dies and comes back. You did because of your sister, and you have a gift. Maybe that played a role in your coming back, but you have a soul. You aren’t evil. There’s nothing you can say that will make me think that.” I looked up and our gazes locked. “And there’s nothing you can say to make me feel differently.” He lowered his eyes. Thick lashes fanned his cheeks. “I know you do, because I wouldn’t want to… to kiss you if you didn’t have a soul.” I froze.“You… you want to kiss me?
Machel Shull|Affirmations take our thoughts to a more protective and powerful place. By affirming good, by affirming daily gratitude, you, yourself will find more peace from giving your thoughts a break from the worry cycle.
Toni Sorenson, The Great Brain Cleanse|We are designed for harmony, an ebb and flow that’s almost inconceivable it’s so flawless. So when things go wrong and our cells can’t communicate with each other, or there is miscommunication, there is a direct biological link to why we don’t think clearly, we don’t feel right, and our lives get stalled. 	It happens when a child gets abused.	It happens when a brain gets physically wounded.	It happens when fear or pain is so great it overrides everything else.	It happens during times of prolonged stress.		It happens in the throes of depression.	It happens when the brain gets pounded with negativity.	And sometimes we just don’t know why the wires in our brains get crossed.
Lisa Kessler, Magnolia Mystic|Keegan rested his forearm on the wheel. “If the spell is fading, you could’ve grown old with this woman. She never had to know you were the Quartermaster on the Sea Dog when it sank in 1795.”“All true.” Colton glanced over his shoulder toward the bow. “But every man she’s ever known has lied to her. I didn’t want to be another one.
Taite Adams, E-Go: Ego Distancing Through Mindfulness, Emotional Intelligence, and the Language of Love|When we recognize that our personal good coincides with the Good of everyone, our inner light is turned on: at this point, when a human being becomes a Human Angel, their light, like a beacon, shines all around.The more lights are lit, the more humanity will be enlightened in these dark times, when the world of the ego, driven to its extreme, has begun its dramatic collapse.
Marius C.|The costs of military service are substantial. Many costs are readily apparent; others are less apparent but no less important. Among the most pervasive and potentially disabling consequences of these costs is the threat to the psychological health of our nation's fighting forces, and their families, and their survivors. -- Department of Defense Task Force, 2007
Jay Asher, Thirteen Reasons Why|No rest without love, no sleep without dreams of love- be mad or chill obsessed with angels or machines, the final wish is love -cannot be bitter, cannot deny,cannot withhold if denied: the weight is too heavy
Angelina Jolie|Did we have sex?" he asked directly.For about two minutes, this might actually be fun. "Eric," I said, "we had sex in every position I could imagine, and some I couldn’t. We had sex in every room in my house, and we had sex outdoors. You told me it was the best you’d ever had." (At the time he couldn’t recall all the sex he’d ever had. But he’d paid me a compliment.) "Too bad you can’t remember it," I concluded with a modest smile.Eric looked like I’d hit him in the forehead with a mallet. For all of thirty seconds his reaction was completely gratifying.
P. T. Barnum|People often say that a bad event is a 'blessing in disguise.' Trust me, experience will teach you that some are unbelievably well disguised. Everyone gets fired, or decides to make a radical change at some point. Everyone suffers setbacks.
Jan Cox Speas, Bride of the MacHugh|Dreams were frail things, when all was said, and loneliness the only certainty.
Novala Takemoto, Missin' (Novel)|In every age "the good old days" were a myth. No one ever thought they were good at the time. For every age has consisted of crises that seemed intolerable to the people who lived through them. 
Dame Edna Everage|My mother used to say that there are no strangers, only friends you haven't met yet. She's now in a maximum security twilight home in Australia.
Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out|For Ragamuffins, God's name is Mercy. We see our darkness as a prized possession because it drives us into the heart of God. Without mercy our darkness would plunge us into despair - for some, self-destruction. Time alone with God reveals the unfathomable depths of the poverty of the spirit. We are so poor that even our poverty is not our own: It belongs to the mysterium tremendum of a loving God.
|He considered the hard times in his life. All the things he had been afraid of. All those years wasted, he told himself, because I was terrified of being different. That's why all us fifty-four-year-olds end up looking so much alike. All of us are terrified of being different.
Terry Eagleton, Literary Theory: An Introduction|This year will go down in history. For the first time, a civilized nation has full gun registration. Our streets will be safer, our police more efficient, and the world will follow our lead into the future!
Erik Pevernagie|Love has the power to create an inviting space in the lives of people. But if daily routine kills dreamy or passionate thoughts, the constraint of the room may become oppressive and the emptiness unbearable. The room loses then its original fullness and turns into a place of nothingness. ( " Another empty room" )
David Jeremiah, What Are You Afraid Of?|It is God’s omnipotence, His consuming holiness, and His right to judge that make Him worthy to be feared.
Jimi Hendrix|Whatever is funny is subversive, every joke is ultimately a custard pie... a dirty joke is a sort of mental rebellion.
Ron Kind|To be hopeful means to be uncertain about the future, to be tender toward possibilities, to be dedicated to change all the way down to the bottom of your heart.
Greer Garson|These heroes of finance are like beads on a string; when one slips off, all the rest follow.
Bianca Scardoni, Inception|If you have no friends, invent one!
CrimethInc., Contradictionary|Economy: As an adjective, cheap; As a noun, that which compels us to render ourselves as such.
Richard Matheson, Collected Stories, Vol. 1|God, how impossible life is without money. Nothing can ever overcome it, it's everything when it's anything. How can I write in peace with endless worries of money, money, money? (“Disappearing Act”)
Abhijit Naskar, Homo: A Brief History of Consciousness|To be honest, as a species we may not live long enough to ever understand the true reality of the universe. But as the foundation of consciousness lies within the domain of biology one day we shall know all there is to know about it.
D.S. Mixell|Sadness clings to you like a cat unwilling to release its claws, so you embrace it and stroke it until it is content to sleep in your heart, until awakened by a sound, a smell, or a memory...but it never leaves you.
Samuel Beckett, The Unnamable|We refuse to turn off our computers, turn off our phone, log off Facebook, and just sit in silence, because in those moments we might actually have to face up to who we really are.
Anurag Shourie, Half A Shadow|Every war has its martyrs — the unsung heroes who sometimes don’t even know the rationale behind the war they are fighting. They fight because they are trained to, kill because they are told to and die because they are destined to.
Sara Sheridan, Truth Or Dare|Choas errupted amoung the watchers. They didn't think it was over at all. "He cheated! He used fire!""No, he won fairly enough!" 
Maurice de Vlaminck|I am trying to be a good person. I am trying to be myself, and if nobody likes me for me, that is their problem.
Lisa J. Shultz, A Chance to Say Goodbye: Reflections on Losing a Parent|When I reflect on the stories of death supported by hospice care and contrast it with our story depicting an absence of support, I find myself dealing with envy and anger. I have channeled those emotions into this book with the hope that hearing our story might give someone else a chance to create a better ending to the life of a loved one.
Daniel Keyes, Flowers for Algernon|Before, they had laughed at me, despising me for my ignorance and dullness; now, they hated me for my knowledge and understanding. Why? What in God's name did they want of me?
Paul Auster, In the Country of Last Things|I don’t think I have as many friends as I thought I did, not close ones, not many who I connect with on that deep level of language that doesn’t just allow us to be ourselves with each other but allows us to be understood, even when we’re not saying anything.Silence—awkward or comfortable—is a language too. Awkward silence screams, “We have nothing in common.” Comfortable silence proves just how much we do.
Charles Babbage, Reflections on the Decline of Science in England|Oh, come on. A vamp marrying a human gets the fanged ones all upset, and Eve made herself look like the ultimate fang-anger to all the humans by putting a ring on one, so what did you expect exactly? Flowers and parades? This is Texas. We're still figuring out how to spell tolerance.
Timothy Leary|To punish me for my contempt for authority, fate made me an authority myself.
Herbert McCabe, Faith Within Reason|At the cross, Jesus subjects himself to disability, and his resurrected body continues to bear his scars as a sign of God's solidarity with humanity.
Ackshat Deoli, Kilol-Bruges Express: The Fading Nomad|You see, from where I stand, there are a couple of ways. You continue your journey and you will find your path or the path is already there and you aren't just able to see it.
Orlando Bloom|It's not like I'm looking for a blonde or a brunette, light-skinned or dark-skinned. I feel like I give any girl a fighting chance.
Rebecca MacKinnon|My body really, really wanted to reproduce when I was 15. It took a lot of civilization, socialization, willpower and some emulsion polymerization technology for me not to reproduce at 15.
Danny Castillones Sillada|Every country has its own problem too numerous to name, so does North Korea. And it’s no one’s business to solve the latter’s problem unless it seeks for it. If North Korea shows off its nuclear weapon capability, it’s because its sovereignty was threatened by foreign powers. It doesn’t want to happen to its country what’s happening now in Iraq, Syria, Libya, Afghanistan, and Yemen. Justice and charity begin at home, not at someone’s backyard. Hence, any country trying to solve North Korea’s problem by force or by any means should start first in its own backyard and solve the political and social injustices, divisions, and neglect suffered by its own citizens.
Keith Haring, Keith Haring Journals|You are rich, respected, admired, beloved; you are happy, as once I was. 
Jessica Stern, Denial: A Memoir of Terror|I can still bring into my body the joy I felt at seeing the first trillium of spring, which seemed to be telling me, "Never give up hope, spring will come.
Sesan Kareem|Gratitude unlocks the door of opportunities, blessing, greatness and prosperity. Gratitude is your key to a worthy life.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|The more you feed your mind with positive thoughts, the more you can attract great things into your life.
Nadia Hashimi, When the Moon is Low|Since the day I decided to become sober and a mother, I've been trying to become who I am supposed to be.
Andreas Laurencius, Genesis|In America, the materio-economic conditions relate to a societal, multi-group existence in a way never before know in world history. American Negro nationalism can never create its own values, find its revolutionary significance, define its political and economic goals, until Negro intellectuals take up the cudgels against the cultural imperialism practiced in all of its manifold ramifications on the Negro within American culture. But this kind of revolution would have to be predicated on the recognition that the cultural and artistic originality of the American nation is founded, historically, on the ingredients of a black aesthetic and artistic base.
Susan C. Young|What crucial conversations need to be readdressed in your personal and professional relationships in order for you to gain peace, clarity, and resolution? Create the space in your life to readdress what needs to be given hope for healing.
Michelle Gagnon|The battle for freedom and liberty really never is over, and there are really low points in it, but I'm not giving up, and I'm not gonna engage in phony pep talks, either.
Kiera Cass, Happily Ever After|You know, I once read a book about people who practiced polygamy. One man with several wives. Crazy. I was just in a room with eight very unhappy woman and I have no idea why anyone would choose that.
Friedrich Nietzsche, The Will to Power|It is a self-deception of philosophers and moralists to imagine that they escape decadence by opposing it. That is beyond their will; and, however little they acknowledge it, one later discovers that they were among the most powerful promoters of decadence.
Antal Szerb, The Queen's Necklace|The French by their nature had a permanent hunger for sensation. This was even more true of the eighteenth century, of which that considerable expert Victor du Bled remarked that no other age was ever so bored.
Anonymous|Our lips now conjoin like the glittery coils of a wet snake dancing in the amazon. Kissing Nadia sends me into a savoring affair for that which is most delectable, always tasting the delicate layers that exist in her myriad of emotion. Always, Nadia’s opulent lips gratify and subdue by easing my sensitivity as she drags her fingers down my stomach like a tree scattering its roots. I now brush my lips over Nadia’s, dipping into her mouth like a brush that falls into a bucket of paint, osculating under this euphoric form of affection.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Man does not commit sin in unintentional deed,but he might be the only one that could justify it.
Adrienne Rich|And yet, protest it if we will,Some corner of the mind retainsThe medieval man, who stillKeeps watch upon those starry skeinsAnd drives us out of doors at nightTo gaze at anagrams of light.
Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose|The more you make your thoughts and beliefs into your identity, the more cut off you are from the spiritual dimension within yourself.
JUVENALIUS|Maybe some people enter in your life to create wonderful memories before they leave. Its hard to come to terms with that whether they walk away alive or dead.The only thing we can do is keeping that person in your memory as long as you can. That person does not need to please you like a girlfriend or a boy-friend but they can make you happy.That person does not need to cherish you like parents, but they can give you warmth & they are always ready to protect you.That person does not need to make us laugh at all times like friends, but they can make you smile.That some one who you won't go into hysterics when they leave, but they will always be in your memory forever.
Tim Wise|Genealogy itself is something of a privilege, coming far more easily to those of us for whom enslavement, conquest, and dispossession of our land has not been our lot.
Mishi McCoy|Sometimes, you simply must give yourself permission to fall apart.
Jim Harrison, Legends of the Fall|His own life suddenly seemed repellently formal. Whom did he know or what did he know and whom did he love? Sitting on the stump under the burden of his father's death and even the mortality inherent in the dying, wildly colored canopy of leaves, he somehow understood that life was only what one did every day.... Nothing was like anything else, including himself, and everything was changing all of the time. He knew he couldn't perceive the change because he was changing too, along with everything
S.L. Jennings, The Dark Prince|SUBJECT: Real originalDear Dark Assholes,I get the point. Showing me that you know how to log onto a computer and utilize Google must’ve taken some pretty keen strategizing on your part.Really, really cool trick. Now leave me the hell alone.-The DL
Laurence J. Peter|All right everyone, line up alphabetically according to your height.
Karina Halle, Smut|Every year hundreds of books, many of considerable merit, pass unnoticed. Each one has taken the author months to write, he may have had it in his mind for years; he has put into it something of himself which is lost forever, it is heart-rending to think how great are the chances that it will be disregarded.
Salman Rushdie, Shalimar the Clown|What a tragedy, to stand in the middle of your world, watch everything around you fall apart, and realize, your actions precipitated this free fall! Take more time to consider the consequences of your thoughts and actions. One day, you WILL call out for help. Don't let bad judgment disconnect your lifelines.
John K.  Brown|In Western culture, the 'miracles' referenced in scripture seem to have been relegated to the past as if to imply that they were reserved exclusively for certain historical periods.
Lawrence Durrell|I don’t believe one reads to escape reality. A person reads to confirm a reality he knows is there, but which he has not experienced.
Wendell Berry, What Are People For?|Marriage, in what is evidently its most popular version, is now on the one hand an intimate “relationship” involving (ideally) two successful careerists in the same bed, and on the other hand a sort of private political system in which rights and interests must be constantly asserted and defended. Marriage, in other words, has now taken the form of divorce: a prolonged and impassioned negotiation as to how things shall be divided. During their understandably temporary association, the “married” couple will typically consume a large quantity of merchandise and a large portion of each other.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|If you can't impress them with your argument, impress them with your actions.
Debasish Mridha|When we will learn to see, not you and me, but only we, then there will be peace in this world.
Magan Vernon, On Paper Wings|When you love someone it feels like their blood runs through your veins, their breath fills your lungs, their heart makes yours beat, and without them everything stops.”“Fuck. That sounds tragic.”Tell me about it. “It is.” I bend to kiss him again, this time on the forehead. “But it’s worth it.
Tina Fey, Bossypants|We'd traveled, we'd been to lots of parties, lots of movies and concerts, we'd slept in. We'd done all those things that people with children seem to miss so passionately. We didn't want those things anymore. We wanted a baby.
Jill Shalvis, My Kind of Wonderful|He was a ruffled haired, stubble faced, woman's dream, tangled in sheets. So I stepped away from the Ryker and went for coffee instead.
William John Wills|You have to trust the people who work with you and hire, but also listen to as many smart people as you can.
James Howe, The Misfits|Dear Skeezie, Today I ran after a boy as he was trying to get away. I tackled him and we both landed in the mud. Do you think I appeared desperate?-Joe Bunch
R. Kelly|Sometimes you have the trends that's not that cool. You may have certain artists portraying these trends and don't really have that lifestyle, and then it gives off the wrong thing. And it becomes kinda corny after awhile. It's really about keeping hip-hop original and pushing away the corniness in it.
Martin Bashir|Homeowners and business owners across the country agreed to pay premiums, communities agreed to adopt building codes to mitigate flood dangers, and the Federal Government agreed to provide insurance coverage to policyholders after a disaster.
Amy Andrews, Some Girls Lie|What, Kilorn?' I sigh. 'What,' he echoes, shaking his head. After a long second, something snaps in him. 'I know you don't feel the same way I do. About us.' I'm seized by the urge to smash my head against a rock. Us. It feels stupid to talk about, a foolish waste of time and energy. But more than that, it's embarrassing and uncomfortable. My cheeks flame red. This is not a conversation I ever wanted to have with him.
Sunday Adelaja|If the teachings of the early Christians changed Rome and the entire Roman Empire, we can’t point to any great change that the teachings coming from our pulpits today are producing upon our world in general
Harald Davidson, Francesca Spaghetti and Poppy Noodle's Christmas Mystery: Funny Adventure Series for 7-11 Year Old Girls|In the days before computers and emails,” she explained, “people used to write messages on paper and send them to each other using a fax machine. It’s sort of like sending a photograph through a telephone line. Hardly anyone uses a fax these days. They’re very old fashioned,” she continued, “but they used to be very popular once upon a time. Lots of little children used to send their letters to Santa that way.”  "Wow!” said Poppy Noodle. “That sounds like Magic.” “No,” answered Flora sharply. “That’s not Magic, that’s technology. Never confuse the two.
Ferreira Gullar|The faster you go, the idler you get.
Wilhelm Steinitz|Morocco is completely alive for me because I spent about a third of my life there. The first few times I went back to Casablanca, I walked through the streets and remembered how years earlier I had walked those same streets and prayed that a miracle would happen and I would leave and become famous.
Daniel H. Pink, Drive: The Surprising Truth About What Motivates Us|Motivation 1.0 presumed that humans were biological creatures, struggling to obtain our basic needs for food, security and sex.Motivation 2.0 presumed that humans also responded to rewards and punishments. That worked fine for routine tasks but incompatible with how we organize what we do, how we think about what we do, and howwe do what we do. We need an upgrade. Motivation 3.0, the upgrade we now need, presumes that humans also have a drive to learn, to create, and to better the world.
Jeff Fortenberry|There are many plant medicines that are available to us that have a lot of stigma around them that I hope, in the future, our medical community can look at, because I would absolutely go to those alternatives first before I went back to Western medicine.
Emily Dickinson|How happy is the little stoneThat rambles in the road alone,And doesn't care about careers,And exigencies never fears;Whose coat of elemental brownA passing universe put on;And independent as the sun,Associates or glows alone,Fulfilling absolute decreeIn casual simplicity.
Patrick O'Brian, Master and Commander|The author says that when an angry impulse is not immediately expressed, it turns to melancholy.
Jody Gehrman, Confessions of a Triple Shot Betty|That's why Twinkle likes the place so much, Scott thought, looking around at the faded wood veneer tables, and the faded souls drinking at them. Misery was soaked through the place like the old beer soaked through its carpets.
Josh Hinds, It's Your Life, Live BIG|IT’S MY CHOICEI get a gift every morning, the gift of a new day, It’s up to me whether I make it bright, joyful or grey.I can choose to be Happy, Successful and Content,Or dishonor it with worry, anger or resent.
Benedict Cumberbatch|I've been quite a late developer on the clothes front, but I've suddenly realised it is one of life's joys.
Arrian|People relate giving to reciprocity. They expect things to be expressed in a way they can understand, which is usually their own.
Virginia Alison|What am I searching for? Maybe its the beliefs I had as a child, that the world is a nice place, that people are genuinely who they say they are, that life is not simply what it is, where the sun shines and the stars glitter for me. Where am I going? I do not know but maybe I am just searching for those beliefs that lead to a happy ending...
Alexis  Hall, Shadows & Dreams|Rachel shook her head, as if casting out the memories from her mind. Something he'd been unable to do in one hundred and ninety-eight years. Memories, painful and stark, failed to retreat, instead they clung to him like a Rottweiler to a bone.
Emily Perkins|I'd love to do comedy. And I think I have a pretty good sense of comic thing, so I'd really like to try that.
Robert Jordan, The Shadow Rising|I think all wishes are the same, really," she continued. "Whether they ask for this, that, or the other, what they are really asking for is happiness.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Narcissus in Chains|The heart wants what it wants, Dolp. You don't plan on making your life complicated, it just happens,and you don"t do it on purpose, and you don't do it to hurt people who love you. It just turns out that way sometimes.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Future is not dark, future is not bright! Future simply does not exist yet, neither dark nor bright!
Patricia Robin Woodruff|Today I trust me. I trust in my perceptions. Today I will live my own truth that glows within, a life of no deceptions.
Julie Kagawa, Iron's Prophecy|Nothing is certain,” he murmured. “The future is constantly changing, and no one can predict what happens next. We have the power to change our destiny, because fate is not set in stone, and we are always free to make a choice.
G.K. Chesterton, Orthodoxy|No matter how great you ‘think’ you are or how successful you've become. Never forget those who have lifted you up. Never forget life's experiences, both good and bad which have shaped you as a person. You've had help climbing the rungs of life's ladder. And, those rungs can break at anytime, sending you back down to a place of humility, to remind you of where you came from and how you rose to the top….
Felix Wantang, Face to Face Meetings with Jesus Christ 3: Revealing the End of the Age|Life is a dance between heaven and earth, the ebb and flow of life.
Haresh Sippy|Times, they are a-changing. Change accordingly, the sooner the better.
Brittney Joy, Showdown|Most people ignore what's right before their eyes. They believe they see, but oftentimes only view what they want.
Tonny K. Brown|I am a firm believer in the ‘Power of Persuasion.’Insomuch as, whatever you believe are your limitations, will become your limitation.
Lee  Goff, A Rage Like Thunder|Don't let the evil actions of broken people define your view of our world! Don't be terrorized into a diluted, hopeless reality.
Pagan Min|If you don't fall down now and again, it just means the training wheels are working
Matshona Dhliwayo|In helping yourself, you prove you are strong; in helping others, you prove you are compassionate; in helping many, you prove you are generous; if helping everyone, you prove you are enlightened.
Derrick Jensen, Walking on Water: Reading, Writing, and Revolution|This question of grades being coercive, and of politics being inherent in teaching, applies not only to writing, but to all fields. Mathematics, science, economics, history, religion, are all just as deeply and necessarily political. To believe they’re not—to believe, for example, that science (or mathematics, economics, history, religion, and so forth: choose your poison) describes the world as it is, rather than acting as a filter that removes all information that does not fit the model and colors the information that remains—is in itself to take a position, one that is all the more powerful and dangerous because it is invisible to the one who holds it.
Pearl Zhu, Digital Master|I found a dollar in the street today. I find a dollar in the street every day. At the end of each week, I gather seven dollars and give it to the homeless. What else would I do with the money?
Eben Alexander, Proof of Heaven: A Neurosurgeon's Journey into the Afterlife|So I was communicating directly with God? Absolutely. Expressed that way, it sounds grandiose. But when it was happening, it didn't feel that way. Instead, I felt like I was doing what every soul is able to do when they leave their bodies, and what we can all do right now through various methods of prayer or deep meditation. Communicating with God is the most extraordinary experience imaginable, yet at the same time it's the most natural one of all, because God is present in us at all times. Omniscient, omnipotent, personal--and loving us without conditions. We are connected as One through our divine link with God.
George Hickenlooper|You look at the steamboat, the railroad, the car, the airplane - not all of these were invented in the Anglo-American world, but they were popularized and extended by it. They were made possible by the financial architecture, the capital intensive operations invented and developed by the Anglo-Americans.
Natalie C. Anderson, City of Saints & Thieves|- The first rule of Fight Club is: you don't talk about Fight Club. - The second rule of Fight Club is you don't talk about Fight Club- Third rule of Fight Club, if someone yells “stop!”, goes limp, or taps out, the fight is over- Fourth rule: only two guys to a fight- Fifth rule: one fight at a time- Sixth rule: the fights are bare knuckle. No shirt, no shoes, no weapons- Seventh rule: fights will go on as long as they have to- The eighth : if this is your first time at Fight Club, you have to fight
Buck Owens|Weep not that the world changes - did it keep a stable, changeless state, it were cause indeed to weep.
Robert Bly, Iron John: A Book About Men|He was giving her the most important thing he could, the only way he knew how. He was a professor, a lover of stories, and he was building her a library in the same way other men might build their daughters houses.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Action: 8 Ways to Initiate & Activate Forward Momentum for Positive Impact|First, take complete responsibility for your life and current outcomes. Then take proactive steps for the necessary action to move forward in your desired direction. This personal choice is at the heart of your achieving impressive results. Taking initiative is the start of all good things born from action . . .•	Growth•	Creativity•	Enterprise•	Invention•	Success•	Solutions•	Accomplishment•	Development•	Positive Change•	Transformation
David Brin|If there are still honest-smart men and women within those old and noble traditions, they should think carefully, observe and diagnose the illness. They should face the contradiction. Discuss the conflation. And then do as Warren Buffett and Bill Gates and many others have done. Choose the miracle of creative competition over an idolatry of cash.They should stand up..
Matthew Desmond, Evicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City|The profits were staggering. In 1966, a Chicago landlord told a court that on a single property he had made $42,500 in rent but paid only $2,400 in maintenance. When accused of making excessive profits, the landlord simply replied, “That’s why I bought the building.
Simone Elkeles, Rules of Attraction|Luis is right there.” I point to the corner of the yard, where my little brother is the centre of attention doing imitations of barnyard animals. I have yet to inform him that talent isn’t as much of a chick magnet when you get into junior high.
Anthony Liccione|Every corner and room of a house will carry memories, make these the most pleasurable times you shared with your family.
Cynthia  Wright, Silver Storm|All the tears in the world can't bring back the dead or wash away your fears and grief. I want you to put up your chin and tell yourself you are strong. And if you begin to weaken, hold on to me. That's what I am here for.
Debra Moffitt, Garden of Bliss: Cultivating the Inner Landscape for Self-Discovery|Observation and expansion are two elements of meditation. While a teacher may guide you to have the right posture and give instruction on following the breath, no one can teach you about the experience. It comes through practice and patience.
Irvine Welsh, Ecstasy|Today I hope to live life. To wake each morning and persevere through the struggles. To understand that there is reason and purpose. I choose to find my path and strive upon it, rising everytime I fall. I choose to keep smiling through the pain, and not be discouraged by others who choose disappointment and despair. I choose to be kind even in the face of animosity. To not become fearful in the presence of hatred. I choose to let go of hurt and forgive. Mend what is broken, I choose to wear my scars, and choose not to be a victim.I choose to stand with truth, my truth, my worth, and stand against all injustice. I choose the life gifted to me, till life is no more.
Nancy Garden|The ghosts of Manhattan are not the spirits of the propertied classes; these are entombed in their names, their works, their constructions. New York's ghosts are the unresting souls of the poor, the marginal, the dispossessed, the depraved, the defective, the recalcitrant. They are the guardian spirits of the urban wilderness in which they lived and died. Unrecognized by the history that is common knowledge, they push invisibly behind it to erect their memorials in the collective unconscious.
Bryce Laliberte|Older women are of less sexual and reproductive, and thus by extension, matrimonial value. This is just biology meets the Catholic sacrament of matrimony, of which its virtues are 1) pleasing your spouse and 2) making children. Older women, being less fertile and less able to please their spouse, thus make for less virtuous marriages.If the excellence of marriage is grounded in the unitative and procreative telos of sexuality, a woman's youth and fertility are virtuous traits and a virtuous man would rightly prize those traits in a prospective wife.Let us perform an empirical investigation. If we compare societies where the norm of marriage is at a younger age (for the girl) rather than an older age, which marriages are more fruitful? That is, which marriages produce more children and are less likely to end in divorce? I'm sure we are equally acquainted with the results of our modern Western norms, are you acquainted with the results of non-modern Western norms?Excusing, rather than excoriating, modern Western norms is mere sophistry, sophistry which our host has held forth as an ostensibly authentic Catholic view. However, it simply isn't; it is a modern view dressed up in Catholic-sounding phrases.
T.S. Eliot, The Dry Salvages|You cannot face it steadily, but this thing is sure,That time is no healer: the patient is no longer here.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|Someone needs your actions to inspire his actions. Never forget, your little broken cake is someone’s daily meal! Care to share you little cake!
Alexis  Hall, Glitterland|Sometimes I though about killing myself. The idea of it circled my head, shining and lovely like a tinsel halo. How beautiful it would be if everything could just stop. If I could stop. If I didn't have to feel like this. Yes, I thought about it and thought about it, but I was too exhausted to do anything about it. That should have been funny, right?
David Watson, Against The Megamachine: Essays On Empire And Its Enemies|We should be cautiously open to the spiritual and non-rational, and skeptical of the more invisible magical thinking—what we might call “magical reason”—pervading secular thought and experience in modern society. Science and technology are for most people a new religion, and their orthodoxies are believed with the same fervor.
Rose B. Mashal, Black Keys|When it comes to love, Princess, rules blur, and traditions fade,
Ariel Dorfman|There are only three things that can kill a farmer: lightning, rolling over in a tractor, and old age.
Ray Bradbury|Love. Fall in love and stay in love. Write only what you love, and love what you write. The word is love. You have to get up in the morning and write something you love, something to live for.
