Nathan Myhrvold|The physics of water is central to cooking, because food is mostly water. All steak that you cook is actually boiled on the inside.
Andy Weir, The Martian: A Screenplay|Without delayed gratification,there is no perseverance.
E.L. Wicker, Fractured Immortal|I get the feeling you're going to push me to that point and I'm going to have to show you how far I'm willing to go to get what I want." - Theoden from Embraced: Chained in Darkness
Rabindranath Tagore|Positive, truthful and helping people always get rewards. Oneness, love, compassion and enlightenment can be attained by following the spiritual laws of the universe." -Hina Hashmi
Russell Anthony Gibbs, The Six Principles of Enlightenment and Meaning of Life|This book of our existence is everything that has ever happened to everyone in every universe. All the pages exist at once even though you are reading them one at a time. When you finish a page and turn your consciousness to another page, the previous page remains.
Crystal Chan, Bird|Who were these people? Where was all this joy, and where does joy go when it leaves your family? Does it go into someone else's family, soak into the earth, or does it dissolve away like your breath in the winter? And if it doesn't leave like this, then why isn't there any left for me?
Pete Wentz|That's the great thing about New Year's, you get to be a year older. For me, that wasn't such a joke, because my birthday was always around this time. When I was a kid, my father used to tell me that everybody was celebrating my birthday. That's what the trees are all about.
Roman Payne, Cities & Countries|Cities were always like people, showing their varying personalities to the traveler. Depending on the city and on the traveler, there might begin a mutual love, or dislike, friendship, or enmity. Where one city will rise a certain individual to glory, it will destroy another who is not suited to its personality. Only through travel can we know where we belong or not, where we are loved and where we are rejected.
Michel de Montaigne, The Essays: A Selection|If there is an afterlife, I want my soul intact. And then maybe I'll see you there."I smiled, somehow calm now that I was facing something inevitable. I was getting the good-bye I'd always wanted. - Nikki
Marian Keyes, Lucy Sullivan Is Getting Married|It was ironic, really - you want to die because you can't be bothered to go on living - but then you're expected to get all energetic and move furniture and stand on chairs and hoist ropes and do complicated knots and attach things to other things and kick stools from under you and mess around with hot baths and razor blades and extension cords and electrical appliances and weedkiller. Suicide was a complicated, demanding business, often involving visits to hardware shops.And if you've managed to drag yourself from the bed and go down the road to the garden center or the drug store, by then the worst is over. At that point you might as well just go to work.
Gabriel García Márquez, Love in the Time of Cholera|When you're dead, everything in the world is like a song that makes you cry.
David     Pratt, Looking After Joey|This, Calvin realised, as Joey grinned and told him sweetly to “Suck that dick” was what it was like to be God: utter confidence, utter trust, utter ease with yourself, no move you could not make, no tank top you could not wear, no guy who would not worship you, not ever. This was the end state. Bliss.
Elisabeth Van den Abeele|The old longing i had thought dead, rose in me like a flame
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Work for what you want, the pursuit of life.
Susane Colasanti, Take Me There|There's this total manwhore phenomenon happening, where even the geeks are player now. It's like Manhattan is this giant playground and guys want to keep playing forever.
Anthony T. Hincks|I'm afraid to go out at night because it's too dark.I'm afraid to try different food because I may not like it.I'm afraid to do something different because what if I fail.I'm afraid to smile at someone because it may lead to a conversation.I'm afraid to make friends because they may end up leaving me one day.I'm afraid to commit to any relationship because what if they're not as committed as I am.I'm afraid to go out because someone may break in while I'm not home.I'm afraid to think differently than everyone else because they may think that I'm crazy.I'm afraid of shadows because what would happen if one of them isn't my own.I'm afraid of being afraid because I'm too scared of everything.I'm afraid...Each of us is afraid of something, but if we let our fears dominate our lives, then we don't have any kind of life at all I'm afraid.
Jochen Zeitz|Since the break-up of the 1990s, Russia has not had winter sports facilities. All the winter sport venues were effectively located in countries that are no longer part of the federation. There is a strong argument for saying Sochi's legacy will be this country will have winter sports facilities it did not have before.
Erynn Mangum, Sketchy Behavior|His smile wavers. I've been looking at him too long. 'Are you OK?' he says. I nod, take a deep breath. Then I lean over and kiss him.
Ava Sinclair, Conquering the Queen|What was once your crown will now be your collar, and you will wear it until you learn what it is to submit.
Cherise Sinclair, Doms of Dark Haven 2: Western Nights|Use your safe word if you get scared, honey.”“I’m fine.” Her voice came out husky.“Yes, you are, aren’t you?
Janet Kagan, Mirabile|I memorized all of “John Carter” and “Tarzan,” and sat on my grandparents’ front lawn repeating the stories to anyone who would sit and listen. I would go out to that lawn on summer nights and reach up to the red light of Mars and say, “Take me home!” I yearned to fly away and land there in the strange dusts that blew over dead-sea bottoms toward the ancient cities.
Brandon R. Chinn, Third Trial|Because. Because in all the breadth of time, in all of this scattered light and infinite darkness, in all these millions of years and circumstances and changes and challenges, in the order and chaos, it's brought me to you. How can you see something like that as anything but beautiful?
Benjamin Elijah Mays|It must be borne in mind that the tragedy of life doesn’t lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goal to reach. It isn’t a calamity to die with dreams unfulfilled, but it is a calamity not to dream. It is not a disaster to be unable to capture your ideal, but it is a disaster to have no ideal to capture. It is not a disgrace not to reach the stars, but it is a disgrace to have no stars to reach for. Not failure, but low aim is sin.
Diane Lane|Quite honestly, if we do manage to destroy the planet with our devil-may-care attitude to natural resources, I'd suggest we leave, as a dossier in our defence, the collected letters to agony aunts and uncles down the generations. It would certainly prove that we weren't all bad!
James Edwin Gunn, Transcendental|Nicolas walked toward him. Ignoring the presence of the others nearby, he took Julien's chin in his hand and kissed him tenderly on the lips. Julien seemed chagrined at first, and then accepted the gesture. It was sweet, and had the air of a couple that had been together for a great long time.Maric glanced away, embarrased by the intimacy, not to mention the fact that he hadn't quite realized the nature of the two warriors' relationship ealier. Not just comrades, then, and far more than close friend. The older Grey Wardens seemed unsurprised.
Amit Ray, Nonviolence: The Transforming Power|Family, friends and relationships are the blessings of the God. They are the best way to access God.
Ruth Downie, Semper Fidelis|While I do believe we are loved even when we do not make the sacrifices we could make, I think part of this life is learning to love what we are capable of.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The Truth is there is only one wise God, the Divine Being.
Cynthia Rylant|When I can't ride anymore, I shall keep horses as long as I can hobble around with a bucket and a wheelbarrow. When I can't hobble, I shall roll my wheelchair out to the fence of the field where my horses graze and watch them. Whether by wheelbarrow or wheelchair, I will do likewise to keep alive-as long as I can do as best I can-my connection with horses.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Girl on the Trail|So, you see; you have the soul of a missionary, the heart of a revolutionary and the mind of a reformer. But what are you to yourself and the family and friends who will always be there for you?
Nobuyuki Fukumoto|Luck is flow and force. There's no power that can fully take that into account, fate is still wavering.
James Rozoff|We all have the greatest potential. Life is about finding it, embracing it and then learning to be with it in the world without fear of prejudice or judgment.
Anne Ursu, Breadcrumbs|She looked at her shelves, filled with books in which the bad stuff that happened to people was caused by things like witches who lured people into the woods. In a weird way, the world seemed to make more sense that way.
Miguel|The sadness of the incomplete, the sadness that is often Life, but should never be Art.
|Struggles, challenges and obstacles are nothing but the doorways to future blessings.
Gustave Flaubert, Madame Bovary|Indeed, for the last three years, he had carefully avoided her, as a result of the natural cowardice so characteristic of the stronger sex...
Spencer Bachus|I am alone, some people help me, but, basically, I can do what I want.
Essa Alam|In life things get complicated, but it works out eventuallyIt always does
Shauna Niequist, Bread and   Wine: A Love Letter to Life Around the Table with Recipes|We don't come to the table to fight or to defend. We don't come to prove or to conquer, to draw lines in the sand or to stir up trouble. We come to the table because our hunger brings us there. We come with a need, with fragility, with an admission of our humanity. The table is the great equalizer, the level playing field many of us have been looking everywhere for. The table is the place where the doing stops, the trying stops, the masks are removed, and we allow ourselves to be nourished, like children. We allow someone else to meet our need. In a world that prides people on not having needs, on going longer and faster, on going without, on powering through, the table is a place of safety and rest and humanity, where we are allowed to be as fragile as we feel.
Leslie Jamison, The Empathy Exams: Essays|Call the world, if you please, "the Vale of Soul Making". Then you will find out the use of the world....There may be intelligences or sparks of the divinity in millions -- but they are not Souls till they acquire identities, till each one is personally itself.Intelligences are atoms of perception -- they know and they see and they are pure, in short they are God. How then are Souls to be made? How then are these sparks which are God to have identity given them -- so as ever to possess a bliss peculiar to each one's individual existence. How, but in the medium of a world like this?This point I sincerely wish to consider, because I think it a grander system of salvation than the Christian religion -- or rather it is a system of Spirit Creation...I can scarcely express what I but dimly perceive -- and yet I think I perceive it -- that you may judge the more clearly I will put it in the most homely form possible. I will call the world a school instituted for the purpose of teaching little children to read. I will call the human heart the hornbook used in that school. And I will call the child able to read, the soul made from that school and its hornbook.Do you not see how necessary a world of pains and troubles is to school an intelligence and make it a soul? A place where the heart must feel and suffer in a thousand diverse ways....As various as the lives of men are -- so various become their souls, and thus does God make individual beings, souls, identical souls of the sparks of his own essence.This appears to me a faint sketch of a system of salvation which does not affront our reason and humanity...
Aldous Huxley, Ends and Means|I had motives for not wanting the world to have a meaning; and consequently assumed that it had none, and was able without any difficulty to find satisfying reasons for this assumption. The philosopher who finds no meaning in the world is not concerned exclusively with a problem in pure metaphysics. He is also concerned to prove that there is no valid reason why he personally should not do as he wants to do. For myself, as no doubt for most of my friends, the philosophy of meaninglessness was essentially an instrument of liberation from a certain system of morality. We objected to the morality because it interfered with our sexual freedom. The supporters of this system claimed that it embodied the meaning - the Christian meaning, they insisted - of the world. There was one admirably simple method of confuting these people and justifying ourselves in our erotic revolt: we would deny that the world had any meaning whatever.
Anthony Robbins|In essence, if we want to direct our lives, we must take control of our consistent actions. It's not what we do once in a while that shapes our lives, but what we do consistently.
Lessman, Julie|Let's not cry about it, shall we, Marcy? Let's pray about it instead.
Jeannette Walls, The Glass Castle|You should never hate anyone, not even your worst enemies. Everyone has something good about them. You had to find the redeeming quality and love the person for that.
Johann Kaspar Lavater|Say not you know another entirely, till you have divided an inheritance with him.
Courtney Giardina, Holding on to Georgia|He placed the tip of his fingers on her chin and tilted her head up to his. Rylan slowly closed her eyes as she felt his breathing quicken. The chill of his lips as they pressed against hers made her buckle at the knees, falling even further into him.
Saurabh Sharma|When you are not accepted, dare to be exceptional.
ANIKOR Daniel|Acquisition of wealth thus not in any way make you relevant in the scheme of life; you are relevant by the lives you positively affect, which spans down to generations after you.
Simone Elkeles|Next time I want to do something nice, slap me.
Tana French, In the Woods|We think of mortality so little these days...I thought of the stern Victorian determination to keep death in mind, the uncompromising tombstones.Remember, pilgrim, as you pass by,As you are now so once was I:As I am so will you be...
Laurell K. Hamilton, Blue Moon|The rich and the poor truly are from different realms: one has adapted to become an expert in material forfeit; the other has forfeited all they are to material, and thus is enslaved, by it.
Eleanor Roosevelt|Unity is strength... when there is teamwork and collaboration, wonderful things can be achieved.
Eileen Wilks, All I Want for Christmas|Belief and hope, it seemed were not the same thing,....
Stephen King, It|I think it was the first real pain I ever felt in my life, he would tell the others. It wasn't what I thought it would be at all. It didn't put an end to me as a person. I think... it gave me a basis for comparison, finding out you could still exist inside the pain, in spite of the pain.
Elyne Mitchell, Silver Brumby Whirlwind|So they went running together, silent, toward the vast wastes of snow where no living thing but they two moved under the stars of night.
Sukant Ratnakar, Open The Windows: To the World around You|When he [Malevranche] happened to find Descartes' book entitled Man in a book shop on the rue Saint Jaques, he leafed through it, bought it and "read it with so much pleasure that he was forced at times to interrupt his reading, so loud were the beatings of his heart due to the extreme pleasure he had in doing so". Those who never put down a book of erudition, science or philosophy, to catch their breath, so to speak, and recover from the strong emotion they experience, certainly ignore of of the most exquisite pleasures of intellectual life.
Hillary DePiano, New Year's Thieve|MURRY: I believe in a lot of things. Santa Claus, magic, vampires, and even ghosts but I don't believe in luck. Good or bad.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|When people talk about you behind your back, they're not just behind you, they're beneath you.
Richard Gist|It often is better to ask an ancient Hebrew goatherd, instead of a so-called expert like myself, about the meaning of a particular, biblical story.
Seth Godin, Linchpin: Are You Indispensable?|If you are deliberately trying to create a future that feels safe, you will willfully ignore the future that is likely.
Amit Kalantri, Wealth of Words|To assess the quality of thoughts of people, don't listen to their words, but watch their actions.
Amin Maalouf, Orígenes|By living exclusively for the present, we let ourselves be hemmed in by an ocean of death. Conversely, by reviving the past, we enlarge our living space.
Richard Paul Evans, The Christmas Box Miracle: My Spiritual Journey of Destiny, Healing and Hope|Dance. Dance for the joy and breath of childhood. Dance for all children, including that child who is still somewhere entombed beneath the responsibility and skepticism of adulthood. Embrace the moment before it escapes from our grasp. For the only promise of childhood, of any childhood, is that it will someday end. And in the end, we must ask ourselves what we have given our children to take its place. And is it enough?
Michi Trota|When was it exactly that I became... this? By small degrees, I suppose. Once act presses hard upon another, on a path we have no choice but to follow, and each time there are reasons. We do what we must, we do what we are told, we do what is easiest. What else can we do but solve one sordid problem at a time? Then one day we look up and fine we are... this.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Everything Is Illuminated|God loves the plagiarist. And so it is written, 'God created humankind in His image, in the image of God He created them." God is the original plagiarizer. With a lack of reasonable sources from which to filch - man created in the image of what? the animals? - the creation of man was an act of reflexive plagiarizing; God looted the mirror. When we plagiarize, we are likewise creating in the image and participating in the completion of Creation.
Ramana Pemmaraju|I love you not because you're beautiful, but its through You that I discover more of myself!
Ken Robinson, The Element: How Finding Your Passion Changes Everything|Farmers base their livelihoods on raising crops. But farmers do not make plants grow. They don't attach the roots, glue on the petals, or color the fruit. The plant grows itself. Farmers and gardeners provide the conditions for growth. Good farmers know what those conditions are, and bad ones don't.
Gustave Eiffel|Great triumphs of engineering genius—the locomotive, the truss bridge, the steel rail— ... are rather invention than engineering proper.
Tom Reiss|After 3 years, I left the army at the ripe old age of 20, but I'd like to think some of the skills are still with me. I'm great at physical movement; I can still remember Morse code, and perhaps most importantly, I can fold my socks up into little balls with smiley faces.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If a man is cruel, he destroy himself.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Pornography is anything that depicts lewdness in such a way as to create impure thoughts and lusts. However, the sewers continue to flow, destroying the moral fabric of our society.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Real men don't dance to other people's tune, instead, they play for others to dance.
Renee Rentmeester|Man is whoever he thinks he is, within his own boundaries.
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|I'll never let it happen. I'll do everything in my power to keep my sister at home."I don't want to have a civilized discussion. My parents want to send my sister to a facility behind my back and my head feels like it's about to split open. Leave me alone, okay?"Something is sticking out of my pocket. It's Alex's bandanna. Isabel isn't a friend, yet she helped me. And Alex, a boy who cared about me last night more than my own boyfriend did, acted as my hero and is urging me to be real. Do I even know how to be real?I clutch the bandanna to my chest.And I allow myself to cry.
Charles de Lint, Someplace to Be Flying|The best change you can make is to hold up a mirror so that people can look into it and change themselves. That's the only way a person can be changed."By looking into yourself," Zia said. "Even if you have to look into a mirror that's outside yourself to do it.""And you know," Maida added. "That mirror can be a story you hear, or just someone else's eyes. Anything that reflects back so you can see yourself in it.
Tucker Elliot, The Day Before 9/11|Korea is often called the “Land of the Morning Calm.” It’s a country where you notice the filth and the smog on your first trip and you can’t imagine why you ever thought it was a good idea to visit. Then you meet the people and you walk among their culture and you get a sense there is something deeper beneath the surface, and before you know it, the smog doesn’t matter and the filth is gone—and in its place there is incredible beauty. The sun rises first over Japan, and as Korea is waiting for the earth to spin, for streaks of light to brighten its eastern sky, in that quiet moment there is a calmness that makes Korea the most beautiful country in the world.
Nicole  Williams, Crash|The great courageous act that we must all do, is to have the courage to step out of our history and past so that we can live our dreams.
Cammie McGovern, Say What You Will|I trust you all slept well,” I said, deliberately keeping my tone light. I returned Malich’s glare with a tight-lipped grin.“Yes, we did,” Kaden answered quickly.“I’m sorry to hear that.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|Our head is designed to broaden our capability of analyzing facts, events and draw the right conclusions
Grazia Deledda|An inch long scar on my left wrist, reminded me of an enchanted world of love, which had vanished like a mirage.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|There are thousands of people who have had some form of emotional experience that they refer to as conversion but who have never been truly converted to Christ. Christ demands a change in the way you live—and if your life does not conform to your experience, then you have every reason to doubt your experience!
Carl Sagan, Cosmos|The Cosmos is all that is or was or ever will be. Our feeblest contemplations of the Cosmos stir us -- there is a tingling in the spine, a catch in the voice, a faint sensation, as if a distant memory, of falling from a height. We know we are approaching the greatest of mysteries.
Cole Swindell|People say, 'Oh, God, how devastating to go through a divorce.' Did I wish for this to happen to my family? No. But everyone is healthy; we're moving on with our lives.
Game of Champions|If you believe in “luck”, always let it be good luck. Always choose to be "lucky", rather than "luckless".Be "happy", rather than "hapless".
Sylvia Plath, The Bell Jar|When they asked some old Roman philosopher or other how he wanted to die, he said he would open his veins in a warm bath. I thought it would be easy, lying in the tub and seeing the redness flower from my wrists, flush after flush through the clear water, till I sank to sleep under a surface gaudy of poppies.But when it came right down to it, the sink of my wrist looked so white and defenseless that I couldn't do it. It was as if what I wanted to kill wasn't in that skin or the thin blue pulse that jumped under my thumb, but somewhere else, deeper, more secret, and a whole lot harder to get at.
Sándor Márai, Embers|It’s the moment when something happens not just deep among the trees but also in the dark interior of the human heart, for the heart, too, has its night and its wild surges, as strong an instinct for the hunt as a wolf or a stag. The human night is filled with the crouching forms of dreams, desires, vanities, self-interest, mad love, envy, and the thirst for revenge, as the desert night conceals the puma, the hawk and the jackal.
Brian Sandoval|Some twins feel like they need to compare themselves to each other, but we're not that way. That's because of my parents, though, and having six kids in the family.
Gary Keller, The One Thing: The Surprisingly Simple Truth Behind Extraordinary Results|Autumn said to me, "You see, the best thing about wrong decisions is that they don't prevent you from making the right decisions later on. It's harder, but it's impossible
Tessa Dare, Goddess of the Hunt|I love you, Jeremy.”He still felt it, that wince of doubt. The urge to push her away. She said it so simply. As though there was nothing easier, more natural in the world. The words themselves hung in the air, so tiny, so bare.Jeremy felt as though she’d thrust a frail, delicate, birdlike thing into his big, clumsy hands, charging him to keep it safe. And God forgive him, his first impulse was to shove it away. He would destroy it, surely. In his desperation, he would grasp it so tightly it would break into a thousand pieces—and his own heart would break along with it.
Diana Gabaldon, Outlander|Oh, aye, Sassenach. I am your master . . . and you're mine. Seems I canna possess your soul without losing my own.
Jonathan Ive|I love to design and remodel houses, from working with the contractors to picking the colours, materials, kitchen and bathroom accessories to finally what furniture goes where.
Andy Weir, The Martian|It is never late, pursuit your ambitions.
Meg Wolitzer, The Interestings|It's always me, isn't it? I'm not really a very nice person, but for some reason it's always me that they come to with their problems.
Yehuda Amichai|The happening and telling are very different things. This doesn’t mean that the story isn’t true,only that I honestly don’t know anymore if I really remember it or only remember how to tell it. Language does this to our memories, simplifies, solidifies, codifies, mummifies. An off-told story is like a photograph in a family album. Eventually it replaces the moment it was meant to capture.
Peace Gypsy, Souls Deep : From a Professional Dreamer|It's not as if we're running a hospital for sick children down here, let's put it that way. Where's the nobility in patching up a bunch of old tables and chairs? Corrosive to the soul, quite possibly. I've seen too many estates not to know that. Idolatry! Caring too much for objects can destroy you. Only—if you care for a thing enough, it takes on a life of its own, doesn't it? And isn't the whole point of things—beautiful things—that they connect you to some larger beauty? Those first images that crack your heart wide open and you spend the rest of your life chasing, or trying to recapture, in one way or another?
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Time is a power of its own, and it may be the only power by which some miracles come to pass.
Michael Bassey Johnson|How do you let go of anger? How do you release a fury you’ve been standing on for so long, you would stumble were it yanked away?
Marcel Proust, In the Shadow of Young Girls in Flower|It is a mistake," Labruyère tells us, "to be in love without an ample fortune.
Ben Jonson|Money can't buy you happiness, but it can buy you a yacht big enough to pull up right alongside it.
TheEmoQueen|Are women human yet? If women were human, would we be a cash crop shipped from Thailand in containers into New York's brothels...? Would our genitals be sliced out to "cleanse" us...? When will women be human? When? ~ Half The Sky
Khalil Gibran|After we were hit on September 11, 2001, we were in a state of national shock. Less than six weeks later, on October 26 2001, the U.S.A. Patriot Act was passed by a Congress that had little chance to debate it; many said that they scarcely had time to read it.
Sara  Barnard, A Quiet Kind of Thunder|Panic attacks are a lot like being drunk in some ways, you lose self-control. You cry for seemingly no reason. You deal with the hangover long into the next day.
Sam Harris|In Malta, the Wars of Religion reached their climax. If both sides believed that they saw Paradise in the bright sky above them, they had a close and very intimate knowledge of Hell.
Tim O'Brien|Generally speaking, a howling wilderness does not howl: it is the imagination of the traveler that does the howling.
Richie Norton|Entrepreneurs don't have weekends or birthdays or holidays. Every day is my weekend, my birthday, my holiday. OR, every day is my work day. Mostly it's a choice.
Alice Hoffman|If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning.
Shaun Jeffrey, The Kult|His whole life was a sham, a fairy tale. The truth hidden behind a wall of lies, each lie another brick in the wall until he probably couldn't see the truth anymore.
Marty Rubin|In a godless universe, all we have is each other.
George Bernard Shaw|Innovations in science and technology are the engines of the 21st-century economy; if you care about the wealth and health of your nation tomorrow, then you'd better rethink how you allocate taxes to fund science. The federal budget needs to recognize this.
Graeme Base|I know what I don't know. To this day, I don't know technology, and I don't know finance or accounting.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Opportunities are taken or created, never given.
A.E. Samaan|If you ask a conservative for a statement of his political convictions, he may well say that he has none, and that the greatest heresy of modernity is precisely to see politics as a matter of convictions as though one could recuperate, at the level of political purpose, the consoling certainty which once was granted by religious faith. In another sense, however, conservatism does rest in a system of belief, and is opposed as much to the theory as to the practice of socialist and liberal politics.
Debasish Mridha|When you are looking at a person, you are not seeing him; you are seeing yourself through his reflective mirror.
Gregg Olsen, Envy|When you fully understand something, you become that something itself! If you understand a rock, you become a rock; if you understand the universe, you become the universe; if you understand a horse, you become a horse! Understanding automatically transforms you into the thing understood!
Amy Harmon, From Sand and Ash|The longer he remained on this earth, the more he was sure that mankind had no clue about God or heaven. Not when they used him as an excuse to kill, to punish, to discriminate.
Ayn Rand, Atlas Shrugged|No matter how vast your knowledge or how modest, it is your own mind that has to acquire it. It is only with your own knowledge that you can deal. It is only your own knowledge that you can claim to possess or ask others to consider. Your mind is your only judge of truth—and if others dissent from your verdict, reality is the court of final appeal. Nothing but a man’s mind can perform that complex, delicate, crucial process of identification which is thinking. Nothing can direct the process but his own judgment. Nothing can direct his judgment but his moral integrity.
Osho, Tao: The Pathless Path|The attitude of Tao is of cooperation, not conflict. The attitude of Tao is not to be against nature but to be with it, to allow nature, to let it have its way, to cooperate with it, to go with it. The attitude of Tao is of great relaxation.
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Purple Hibiscus|Your kids never really leave do they? They might live elsewhere, sometimes not even on the same continent, but Mum is always first port of call when there's trouble. Parenting is a lifetime commitment.
Andrew Solomon, Far from the Tree: Parents, Children, and the Search for Identity|As we age, we become our parents; live long enough and we see faces repeat in time.
Javier Marías, Los enamoramientos|Now that a full flood of music has swept over our country, let Nikhil practise his scales, while we rouse the land with our cracked voices[.]
Erik Pevernagie|When we stake a claim to the needs and wants of our life, we may easily fail to live up to the standards of others. Empathy and connectedness, however, might bridge the gap, by stirring our consciousness of the sensitive queries and by assessing the intricate framework of our surroundings with their countless, prickly nitty-gritties. ("Absence of Desire")
Alan Forrest Smith, Escape From Zoomanity|it's a ludicrous concept, zoomanity gives a man a job, gives a man his wages, the man can pay for the things he likes yet he spends almost every minute at work waiting for his day to end. His life is spent as a servant of zoomanity rather than a servant of humanity, eight hours a day dedicated to the thing he hates …
Liz Grace Davis, Tangi's Teardrops: A Single Tear Will Change Everything...|A daffodil bulb will divide and redivide endlessly. That's why, like the peony, it is one of the few flowers you can find around abandoned farmhouses, still blooming and increasing in numbers fifty years after the farmer and his wife have moved to heaven, or the other place, Boca Raton. If you dig up a clump when no one is nearby and there is no danger of being shot, you'll find that there are scores of little bulbs in each clump, the progeny of a dozen or so planted by the farmer's wife in 1942. If you take these home, separate them, and plant them in your own yard, within a couple of years, you'll have a hundred daffodils for the mere price of a trespassing fine or imprisonment or both. I had this adventure once, and I consider it one of the great cheap thrills of my gardening career. I am not advocating trespassing, especially on my property, but there is no law against having a shovel in the trunk of your car.
Louise Penny, Still Life|How people feel when they are returning home from an absence, long or short, I did not know: I had never experienced the sensation. I had known what it was to come back to Gateshead when a child after a long walk, to be scolded for looking cold or gloomy; and later, what it was to come back from church to Lowood, to long for a plenteous meal and a good fire, and to be unable to get either. Neither of these returnings was very pleasant or desirable: no magnet drew me to a given point, increasing in its strength of attraction the nearer I came. The return to Thornfield was yet to be tried.
Ambrose of Milan|Once the demands of necessity and propriety have been met, the rest that one owns belongs to the poor.
Jhumpa Lahiri, The Namesake|Note that this journey is uniquely yours, no one else's. So the path has to be your own. You cannot imitate somebody else's journey and still be true to yourself. Are you prepared to honor your uniqueness in this way?
Sunday Adelaja|When you increase and multiply, you get much more influence and reach beyond your imagination
Veronica Roth, Insurgent|Believe me, if Archimedes ever had the grand entrance of a girl as pretty as Gloria to look forward to, he would never have spent so much time calculating the value of Pi. He would have been baking her a Pie! If Euclid had ever beheld a vision of loveliness like the one I see walking into my anti-math class, he would have forgotten all the geometry of lines and planes, and concentrated on the sweet simplicity of soft curves. If Pythagoras had ever had a girl look at him the way Gloria's eyes fix in my direction, he would have given up his calculations on the hypotenuse of right triangles and run for the hills to pick a bouquet of wildflowers.
David Mason|SHE Is A Wonderful Romantic Poem With Billions of Lines. Even If I Could, I Wouldn't Finish Reading HER In My Entire Life....
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|The LORD is my shepherd; I shall not want. He maketh me to lie down in green pastures: he leadeth me beside the still waters. He restoreth my soul: he leadeth me in the paths of righteousness for his name's sake. Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil: for thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff they comfort me. Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies: thou anointest my head with oil; my cup runneth over. Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life: and I will dwell in the house of the LORD forever.[Psalms 23]
John Scalzi|I thought boxes were the best toy. When my parents got a new car, I ran to my mother and said, 'Did it come in a box?'
Lena Dunham|Where's Izzy?" cried Alice. "I'm right here!" Izzy was heard, but there was no sight of her floating friend. "Izzy's invisible!" yelled Melanie."Invisible and flying!" Colleen added nervously.
J.D. Salinger, The Catcher in the Rye|The best thing, though, in that museum was that everything always stayed right where it was. Nobody'd move. You could go there a hundred thousand times, and that Eskimo would still be just finished catching those two fish, the birds would still be on their way south, the deers would still be drinking out of that water hole, with their pretty antlers and they're pretty, skinny legs, and that squaw with the naked bosom would still be weaving that same blanket. Nobody's be different. The only thing that would be different would be you. Not that you'd be so much older or anything. It wouldn't be that, exactly. You'd just be different, that's all. You'd have an overcoat this time. Or the kid that was your partner in line the last time had got scarlet fever and you'd have a new partner. Or you'd have a substitute taking the class, instead of Miss Aigletinger. Or you'd heard your mother and father having a terrific fight in the bathroom. Or you'd just passed by one of those puddles in the street with gasoline rainbows in them. I mean you'd be different in some way—I can't explain what I mean. And even if I could, I'm not sure I'd feel like it.
Ernesto Che Guevara, The Motorcycle Diaries: A Journey Around South America|Socialists ignore the side of man that is the spirit. They can provide you shelter, fill your belly with bacon and beans, treat you when you're ill, all the things guaranteed to a prisoner or a slave. They don't understand that we also dream.
Allen Boyd|The poor monkey, quietly seated on the ground, seemed to be in sore trouble at this display of anger.
Cora Carmack, Finding It|Five words that were the hardest words I would ever have to say,Five pillars of my faith that couldn't save him that day.Five rivers, the Panj Aab, that didn't flow through his veins.Five minutes that changed our world forever.
Ezra Taft Benson|If we do not feel like praying, then we should pray until we do feel like praying.
Wendell Berry, The Gift of Good Land: Further Essays Cultural and Agricultural|Steve and I spent a lot of time on the packaging," said Ive. " I love the process of unpacking something. You design a ritual of unpacking to make the product feel special. Packaging can be theater, it can create a story.
E. Nesbit, Wet Magic|I'll tell you something," said Francis,urgent with shoe lace, "if we keep on saying things weren't when we know perfectly well they were, we shall soon dish up any sort of chance of magic we may ever have had. When do you find people in books going on like that? They just say 'This is magic!' and behave as if it was. They don't go pretending they're not sure. Why, no magic would stand it."Book: Wet Magic, Chapter 2
Angelina Jolie|Just start off with the same goals in mind. If you have the same values, same goals then you'll be on track for the same future.
DaShanne Stokes|Truth is hard, propaganda is cheap.
H.P. Lovecraft|I couldn't live a week without a private library - indeed, I'd part with all my furniture and squat and sleep on the floor before I'd let go of the 1500 or so books I possess.
Joyce Carol Oates, Jack of Spades|the evil that is in this world always comes of ignorance, and good intentions may do as much harm as malevolence, if they lack understanding. On the whole, men are more good than bad; that however isn't the real point. But they are more or less ignorant, and it is this that we call vice or virtue;
Sylvia Townsend Warner|The truth seems to be, however, that, when he casts his leaves forth upon the wind, the author addresses, not the many who will fling aside his volume, or never take it up, but the few who will understand him, better than most of his schoolmates and lifemates. Some authors, indeed, do far more than this, and indulge themselves in such confidential depths of revelation as could fittingly be addressed, only and exclusively, to the one heart and mind of perfect sympathy; as if the printed book, thrown at large on the wide world, were certain to find out the divided segment of the writer's own nature, and complete his circle of existence by bringing him into communion with it.
Kalon Jackson|deep inside I know that trying to figure things out leads to blindness, that the desire to understand has a built-in brutality that erases what you seek to comprehend. Only experience is sensitive.
Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo|Those born to wealth, and who have the means of gratifying every wish, know not what is the real happiness of life, just as those who have been tossed on the stormy waters of the ocean on a few frail planks can alone realize the blessings of fair weather.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|Emotions have cycles whereas love endures. Some people confuse emotions, which are ever-changing, with love's durability.
Oliver Sacks, Seeing Voices|...would not exchange this one little English girl for the Grand Turk’s whole seraglio, gazelle-eyes, houri forms, and all!
J.A. ANUM|I'll stop loving you the day my shadow stops following me around. Because on that day, nothing will make sense.
Jay Woodman|Who will protect your rights better? A king, president or you? Who will protect the truth? A reporter, a labor union or you? Who will protect and teach your children to seek truth? A textbook committee, an education bureaucrat, or you? Did a commission of wise men stop the Holocaust? Did a committee of Congress end Jim Crow? No. In each case, the work was done by individuals who would not abide convenient lies. They saw injustice and they called it out. They saw their nation wage war against a single group and they said “not in my name.” They didn’t wait for the conventions of society to catch up to God’s laws. They pushed. They pressed. And they were victorious.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|At dawn of man, many words of inspiration.At the end, there will be words of revelation.
Lindsey Kelk, About a Girl|With some stories, you really can't rush things. And it's often best just to sit back and enjoy the journey for what it is.
F.T. McKinstry, Water Dark|Love is whole. Love cannot be divided from itself. Love knows all paths, where even gods and cats are blind.
Marilyn Monroe|It is ironic that the one thing that all religions recognize as separating us from our creator, our very self-consciousness, is also the one thing that divides us from our fellow creatures. It was a bitter birthday present from evolution.
Swami Vivekananda|Never mind failures; they are quite natural,they are the beauty of life, these failures.What would be LIFE without them
Kim Holden, So Much More|I feel a thrill of excitement at this first tiny glimpse of self-revelation, of intimacy.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer|If we would answer the question of the existence of the Evil then we would not be sinners, we could make something else responsible.
Max Brooks, The Zombie Survival Guide: Complete Protection from the Living Dead|Hands and lips and teeth, and you'd forgotten-no, you'd never known-this way of knowing someone, this dissolution of self, this autophagy.
Christina Mobley|The seasons are colliding together, storms are destroying lives, and love is a dangerous curse.-The Vangeretta Curse
Marina Abramovic|We truly believe with hard work, dedication and perseverance, we can become the best at what we do. No one wants to become mediocre.
Nalini Singh, Angels' Blood|I don’t want to be your snack, your chew-toy, your fuck-buddy. Find a vampire to sink your fang into.
Jodi Picoult, My Sister's Keeper|But music didn't make my mother nervous. She was more concerned about the agenda of women who thought it was a good idea to wear pastel, shoulder-padded suits while they all marched single file toward a better tomorrow.
Elena Ferrante|Without reserve, I can say that my entire identity is in the books I write.
Roy Ayers|Rock and roll music, if you like it, if you feel it, you can't help but move to it. That's what happens to me. I can't help it.'
Hermann Hesse, Siddhartha|It may be important to great thinkers to examine the world, to explain and despise it. But I think it is only important to love the world, not to despise it, not for us to hate each other, but to be able to regard the world and ourselves and all beings with love, admiration and respect.
Hans Küng|If you cannot see that divinity includes male and female characteristics and at the same time transcends them, you have bad consequences. Rome and Cardinal O'Connor base the exclusion of women priests on the idea that God is the Father and Jesus is His Son, there were only male disciples, etc. They are defending a patriarchal Church with a patriarchal God. We must fight the patriarchal misunderstanding of God.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Read, mediate and speak the word of God into your mind, soul and spirit.
Henry Miller, Remember To Remember|I have frequently experienced myself the mood in which I felt that all is vanity; I have emerged from it not by any philosophy, but owing to some imperative necessity of action.
Florence Welch|She loves him with a love that sees no flaws, find no fault, knows no bounds...Oh God, please don't let her hurt too badly and, please, never, never let me love like that.
Kat Ellis, Blackfin Sky|But where corpses were buried secretly, there the grass grows thick; such signs (and there are ever so many others!) may be read by those to whom truth is more important than beauty.
Kevin Hart|Sad music, I always thought, is more beautiful than other music. But at the same time, I am in my personal life a very happy guy. I have a sense of humor. I am not the kind of depressed guy all the time brooding. No. I am very enthusiastic about things.
David Halberstam, The Coldest Winter: America and the Korean War|I have always consoled myself that he such as I who is not a genius, can still achieve much that is useful when he does his work right and chooses his work to suit his talents.
Ella Frank, Blind Obsession|Smiling seductively, I run my eyes over him as I slowly part my legs and reach down between my wet thighs, running my fingers over my clit. His eyes follow the move, and his mouth parts as he unconsciously licks his lips. "Wider," he instructs gruffly, reaching down to fist his cock.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|The anger response, like the fear response, is a frequent target for repression. Imagine a 6-year-old girl who is angry at her 10-year-old brother for teasing her. In response, she might make an angry face, yell at her brother, and strike out at him with her fists. It’s an instinctual, energizing reaction designed to protect her from danger. Someone is violating her sense of well-being, and she’s afraid that if she doesn’t stop the intruder, she’ll get hurt.“A wise parent would validate the girl’s anger — it’s infuriating to be teased — and help her find a verbal rather than a physical way to express it. ‘You are very mad at your brother for teasing you,’ says this model parent, ‘I would be, too. Tell him in words how angry you feel. He needs to know.’ This way, the girl can protect herself from her brother and purge herself of her anger without having to resort to physical violence. Her self-protective anger remains intact. It has simply been given a ore ‘civilized’ form of expression.
Lauren Oliver, Pandemonium|We talk of independence. No man is independent. We are all interdependent; and we shall only rise as we carry others with us, and as we are assisted by others.
Plato, Phaedrus|And yet even in reaching for the beautiful there is beauty, and also in suffering whatever it is that one suffers en route.
Sunday Adelaja|Without accepting ourselves, we try to meet requirements of society and do everything to be accepted
Eminem|Because I'm a chef, I eat out frequently, so it's hard for me to control what I consume in terms of calories. But when I'm at home, I eat what my wife cooks for me. She works hard to avoid making foods that are high in calories and cholesterol, so most of the time, she makes vegetarian dishes.
Ludwig von Mises, Liberalism|This false appearance distinguishes wages labour from other historical forms of labour. On the basis of the wages system even the unpaid labour seems to be paid labour. With the slave, on the contrary, even that part of his labour which is paid appears to be unpaid. Of course, in order to work the slave must live, and one part of his working day goes to replace the value of his own maintenance. But since no bargain is struck between him and his master, and no acts of selling and buying are going on between the two parties, all his labour seems to be given away for nothing.
Jane Hamilton, The Short History of a Prince|Life, he knew, had meaning and was fully possessed only as it was remembered and reshaped.
Reverend Ada Slaton Bonds, Cumberland Presbyterian|When I leave this earthly home and go up to God to dwell, someone will look on the heaped up grave and whisper, "She tried to do well.
Robert G.  Thompson, Hooked on Customers: The Five Habits of Legendary Customer-Centric Companies|Customers are speaking to you implicitly via their behavior, captured in the footprints they leave behind in your systems.
Anushka Sharma|It would be amazing to play Sylvia Plath. She was so dark, and what came out of her writing was troubled and fierce. The dimensions, levels, layers and levels would be incredible to take on.
Liane Moriarty, Truly Madly Guilty|He knew how the audition was going to affect their lives for the next ten weeks as she slowly lost her mind from nerves and the strain of trying to scrounge precious practice time from an already jam-packed life. No matter how much time poor Sam gave her, it would never be quite enough, because what she actually needed was for him and the kids to just temporarily not exist. She needed to slip into another dimension where she was a single, childless person. Just between now and the audition. She needed to go to a mountain chalet (somewhere with good acoustics) and live and breathe nothing but music. Go for walks. Meditate. Eat well. Do all those positive-visualization exercises young musicians did these days. She had an awful suspicion that if she were to do this in reality, she might not even miss Sam and the children that much, or if she did miss them, it would be quite bearable.
Paul Theroux|Ever since childhood, when I lived within earshot of the Boston and Maine, I have seldom heard a train go by and not wished I was on it. Those whistles sing bewitchment: railways are irresistible bazaars... Anything is possible on a train...
Maria Elena, Eternal Youth|All I want to do is be at Hogwarts with you, eating turkey legs in the great hall while listening to the carols of the ghosts gliding past us. Then maybe we can go to Hogsmeade to get a butterbeer.
Terry Pratchett, Reaper Man|ALL THINGS THAT ARE, ARE OURS. BUT WE MUST CARE. FOR IF WE DO NOT CARE, WE DO NOT EXIST. IF WE DO NOT EXIST, THEN THERE IS NOTHING BUT BLIND OBLIVION. AND EVEN OBLIVION MUST END SOMEDAY. LORD, WILL YOU GRANT ME JUST A LITTLE TIME? FOR THE PROPER BALANCE OF THINGS. TO RETURN WHAT WAS GIVEN. FOR THE SAKE OF PRISONERS AND THE FLIGHT OF BIRDS.Death took a step backwards.It was impossible to read expression in Azrael's features.Death glanced sideways at the servants. LORD, WHAT CAN THE HARVEST HOPE FOR, IF NOT FOR THE CARE OF THE REAPER MAN?
Michael Bassey Johnson|Treat me as I am,and that I shall remain.Treat me as I wish to be,and that I shall become.
Richelle Mead, The Indigo Spell|In this one terrified moment, my mind couldn’t focus on any of it. “I’ve forgotten everything.”“No, you haven’t.” His voice in the darkness was calm and reassuring. He smoothed back my hair and pressed one of those half kisses to my forehead. “Just relax and focus." “His reasonable words centered me and allowed the gears of logic that ran my life to take over again.
Carrie Jones, Need|Nick stands behind me. He puts a hand on my waist.I yank in a breath. The world seems to swirl around me.“Are you going to faint?” he asks.I back into him and blurt, “But you’re so cute. Werewolves aren’t supposed to be cute. Vampires are, I think. They are in the movies. But the werewolves are pretty much ugly and they wear leather jackets and are all dirty with these monster sideburns.”“That’s all you have to say? That I’m cute?” He takes a stray piece of my hair and curls it around his fingers. “Most people faint or shriek or never talk to me again.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|At this crucial point in world history, everyone should be seeking an answer to the question, “What is God like?” Everyone should ask it, and everyone should make very sure of the answer . . . The Bible says, “. . . God has shown it to them” [Romans 1:19 NKJV].
Frank Sonnenberg, BookSmart: Hundreds of real-world lessons for success and happiness|If it weren't for problems, life would be perfect and boring.
Jorge Luis Borges|Literature is not exhaustible, for the sufficient and simple reason that a single book is not.
Anthony Liccione|Real Humility is when I can treat a minister, a prince, a priest, a teacher, a waiter and a janitor with the same and equal respect.
Mohit Sharma, Vigyapans|They say that Good ultimately wins, OK! Sir, Agreed! but the win-loss record of Good vs. Evil is like population of (Moldova vs. China).
Gordon Lish|In wine is truth, and the truth had all come out, "that is, all the uncleanness of his coarse and envious heart"!
Rick Riordan, The Throne of Fire|The sign was spray-painted in Arabic and English, probably from some attempt by the farmer to sell his wares in the market. The English read: Dates-best price. Cold Bebsi. "Bebsi?" I asked."Pepsi," Walt said. "I read about it on the Internet. There's no 'p' in Arabic. Everyone here calls the soda Bebsi.""So you have to have Bebsi with your bizza?""Brobably.
Michael Clarke Duncan|My father was short for a man, with a child's plaything for a name - Spinner. He had flawless dark brown skin and a head full of big, wet-looking curls, black as oil. And he had the smile of a scoundrel - the kind of smile that disarmed men and undressed women.
Karisma Kapoor|I definitely have plans to do more collaboration albums in the future. I'm a big fan of Common. I'm a big fan of Scarface; I'm a big fan of so many people, from Jeezy to... well, there are a lot of people's music that I respect. I don't know who I will collaborate with, but there's a great chance of something happening.
Sheldon Lee Compton, Brown Bottle|He's on the school bus and Uncle Wade is standing outside the window. The bus hasn't pulled out yet and Uncle Wade is punching the air and ducking his head and giving him a thumbs up sign and then a big smile. The big smile says do not worry. It says you can do this. ... His smile says a lot and so do his punching hands and his hooked thumbs, and before everything else it can possibly say, it says the thing Nick needs most. The big smile says I love you.
Ambrose Bierce|diplomacy, n.: The patriotic art of lying for one's country.
Charles Yu, How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe|This is what I say: I've got good news and bad news.The good news is, you don't have to worry, you can't change the past.The bad news is, you don't have to worry, no matter how hard you try, you can't change the past.The universe just doesn't put up with that. We aren't important enough. No one is. Even in our own lives. We're not strong enough, willful enough, skilled enough in chronodiegetic manipulation to be able to just accidentally change the entire course of anything, even ourselves.
Bernard Cornwell, The Flame Bearer|Adele, if you think that, no matter how mad you drive me, that I want to give you up, you are insane, possibly more insane than is healthy.
Susan C. Young|Make the personal choice to instill healthy habits and hygiene into your life. When you resolve to live a healthier life, you will feel better, look better, enjoy improved well-being and make a better impression.
Shakira|I know I said I wanted to live forever and I would never be bored, but the reality is, it's probably kind of sad to live forever if you're the only one sticking around.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|To forget is to render the pages of history as entirely blank, and the lessons of history as never taught.
Jon Favreau|I've always been discreet - more than discreet. When a friend calls, and I'm doing something innocuous like cooking dinner, I tell them I'm reading or running out to the movies. It's the surveillance I can't stand.
C. JoyBell C.|Do you have a leather jacket? One for a ten-year-old boy?" I asked the man selling leather jackets and gloves in Covent Garden, London. "Yes, I have one right here!" And the man dug out a fine leather jacket that looked styled and tailored for a young boy. "I'm buying this for my son" I said to him. "I love this jacket, it's perfect, I think I will just come back for it tomorrow, though! I'll be back tomorrow, okay?" And the man reached his arms above his head, and said with a big smile upon his face "You only have one life to live! What is the difference if you do something today, or if you do it tomorrow?" I thought about the man's words. And I bought the jacket. He was right, there is no difference, really, between doing something today and doing something tomorrow, when you only have one life to live! Afterall, tomorrow may never come! All you really have is today!
Ava Ayers, Pretty Hate|I need you like the day needs the night" -Quinn O'Shea
Dennis Prager, Still the Best Hope: Why the World Needs American Values to Triumph|All the bad publicity they brought down on us, yes, it came, and yes, it hurt us—for a day. That’s how long the dirt clung, maybe a bit less. Twitter, Facebook, TV and internet news—you know how long a story stays up on a news website these days, unless it’s about some celebrity scandal? Guess. Go on—guess. Three hours. That’s how much we hurt. And then the world turned, and someone tweeted something new, and everyone retweeted it and moved on, and nothing fucking changes. That’s the world. That’s people power. That’s all it fucking means.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|And so you know what I did with those sad things? I put them in boxes. I put the sad things in the boxes in my head, and I closed them up and I put tape on them and I stacked them up in the corner and threw a blanket over them.""Braintape?
Charles Duhigg|I doubt I'll ever pay someone to do a remix again, because there's some amazing stuff just coming out of bedrooms.
Seneca, Letters from a Stoic|For many men, the acquisition of wealth does not end their troubles, it only changes them
Shannon L. Alder|Dickens writes that one of his characters, "listened to everything without seeming to, which showed he understood his business.
Henry David Thoreau, Walden|O Prince, our eyes contemplate with admiration and transmit to the soul the wonderful and varied spectacle of this universe. The night veils without doubt a part of this glorious creation; but day comes to reveal to us this great work, which extends from earth even into the plains of the ether.
Mary J. Blige|Regard your good name as the richest jewel you can possibly be possessed of -- for credit is like fire; when once you have kindled it you may easily preserve it, but if you once extinguish it, you will find it an arduous task to rekindle it again. The way to a good reputation is to endeavor to be what you desire to appear.
Periyar E.V. Ramasamy|Villagers saw me as a person when I played with them, as opposed to when I talked with them.
Nikhil Bhardwaj, O Amor|This wasn't her first kiss. He could tell that much, though he doubted any of the young men who'd kissed her had known what the hell they were doing. He felt a vague, stupid sort of rage toward them. It made him all the more resolved to make this kiss sublime. Sufficiently long and slow and sweet and deep to obliterate those embraces from her memory.From this day forward-when she thought of kisses, she would think only of him.
Geoff Dyer, Jeff in Venice, Death in Varanasi|People say it's not what happens in your life that matters, it's what you think happened. But this qualification, obviously, did not go far enough. It was quite possible that the central event of your life could be something that didn't happen, or something you thought didn't happen. Otherwise there'd be no need for fiction, there'd only be memoirs and histories...
Emily  Page, Fractured Memories: Because Demented People Need Love, Too|He taught me that it's okay to be a star, but to never forget that there are millions of other stars out there waiting for someone to recognize them for what they are - to treat people as if they too are important, special, and full of light.
Douglas MacArthur|I love history... everything is inspired by history, so that's why I love vintage and antiques.
Robin S. Sharma, The Monk Who Sold His Ferrari: A Fable About Fulfilling Your Dreams  Reaching Your Destiny|Everything is created twice, first in the mind and then in reality.
Sarah Rees Brennan, The Demon's Covenant|In two words," said Alan quietly, "there is nothing I love half as much as you.
Noël Coward|If once a man indulges himself in murder, very soon he comes to think little of robbing; and from robbing he comes next to drinking and Sabbath-breaking, and from that to incivility and procrastination. Once begun upon this downward path, you never know where you are to stop. Many a man has dated his ruin from some murder or other that perhaps he thought little of at the time.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|Want to keep Christ in Christmas? Feed the hungry, clothe the naked, forgive the guilty, welcome the unwanted, care for the ill, love your enemies, and do unto others as you would have done unto you.
Kenneth T. Jackson|On a New York subway you get fined for spitting, but you can throw up for nothing.
Daron Acemoğlu, Why Nations Fail: The Origins of Power, Prosperity, and Poverty|Central planning was just not good at replacing what the great eighteenth-century economist Adam Smith called the “invisible hand” of the market. When the plan was formulated in tons of steel sheet, the sheet was made too heavy. When it was formulated in terms of area of steel sheet, the sheet was made too thin. When the plan for chandeliers was made in tons, they were so heavy, they could hardly hang from ceilings.
Michael Korda|The person interested in success has to learn to view failure as a healthy, inevitable part of the process of getting to the top.
Karl Pilkington, An Idiot Abroad: The Travel Diaries of Karl Pilkington|It's interesting to see that people had so much clutter even thousands of years ago. The only way to get rid of it all was to bury it, and then some archaeologist went and dug it all up.
Ludwig Feuerbach|As we expand our knowledge of good books, we shrink the circle of men whose company we appreciate.
Upasana Banerjee|No one likes incomplete story, so does the God :-)
Marius Ivaškevičius, Madagaskaras|It's about people who still are unaware. Therefore they strive to live by all means: love like no one before them loved, believe like no one ever believed, desire like no one else ever desired...
Ralph Nader|It's interesting how people who were once fairly radical can become, later in life, kind of conservative, and not just in terms of politics - how, if you're an artist, you can start out being somewhat avant-garde and then end up doing landscapes.
Nathaniel Hawthorne, The House of the Seven Gables|When he is cheerful--when the sun shines into his mind--then I venture to peep in, just as far as the light reaches, but no further. It is holy ground where the shadow falls!
Sharon Kay Penman, The Sunne in Splendour|I would see him, Edward.'It was no request; he knew it to be an ultimatum. He shook his head violently, not trusting his voice. Time passed. She was staring at him, saying nothing, and on her face was a look of stunned disbelief, of anguished accusation he knew would haunt him for the rest of his life. But when she spoke, her voice held no hint of tears. It was not a voice to offer either understanding or absolution, spoke of no quarter given, of a lifetime of love denied.'God may forgive you for this,' she said, very slowly and distinctly, 'but I never shall.
James Dickey|In his mind he was always leaving, always going somewhere, always doing something else.
J. Cammenga, The Lord has preserved His Word: The doctrine of Holy Scripture, its providential preservation and its faithful translation|And they came up on the broad plain of the earth and surrounded the camp of the saints and the beloved city, and fire came down from heaven and devoured them.-Revelations 20:9
Dan Jones, The Wars of the Roses: The Fall of the Plantagenets and the Rise of the Tudors|Goldwater had never even considered a non-Arizonan. Like a man on his deathbed, he wanted to be surrounded only by friends.
Israelmore Ayivor, Leaders' Ladder|A leader does not only discover what people can do better. He teaches, guides and mentor them to do it exceptionally well. When a seed comes into contact with a leader, fruits are produced.
John Lanchester, Capital|The art is in evolving to such a receptive consciousness, which is aligned to enjoyment and fruition in both ways – expecting and planning the randomizations for ‘specific’ joys as well as designing joys in ‘generic’ randomizations. True love lands you in a consciousness, which relishes the joys of this rainbowish dualism best.
Aung San Suu Kyi, Freedom from Fear|I was astonished, bewildered. This was America, a country where, whatever its faults, people could speak, write, assemble, demonstrate without fear. It was in the Constitution, the Bill of Rights. We were a democracy...But I knew it wasn't a dream; there was a painful lump on the side of my head...The state and its police were not neutral referees in a society of contending interests. They were on the side of the rich and powerful. Free speech? Try it and the police will be there with their horses, their clubs, their guns, to stop you.From that moment on, I was no longer a liberal, a believer in the self-correcting character of American democracy. I was a radical, believing that something fundamental was wrong in this country--not just the existence of poverty amidst great wealth, not just the horrible treatment of black people, but something rotten at the root. The situation required not just a new president or new laws, but an uprooting of the old order, the introduction of a new kind of society--cooperative, peaceful, egalitarian.
Toni Jordan, Nine Days|I don't eat & drink good clean food because I want my body to look more like Taylor Swift's. Actually, I am among a rare breed of humans that knows my worth is not determined by the size of my ass. That said, I eat and drink clean food because I love myself. Besides, when I eat shitty food, I feel like shit. Period. When I eat refined sugar and a bunch of processed foods, my mind gets all foggy and my body feels lethargic. No thanks! I mean, how am I supposed to change the world for the better feeling like that?
Julian Barnes, Nothing to Be Frightened Of|The writer has little control over personal temperament, none over historical moment, and is only partly in charge of his or her own aesthetic.
Rabih Alameddine, The Hakawati|Me? I was lost for long time. I didn’t make any friends for few years. You can say I made friends with two trees, two big trees in the middle of the school […]. I spent all my free time up in those trees. Everyone called me Tree Boy for the longest time. […]. I preferred trees to people. After that I preferred pigeons, but it was trees first.
Jennifer  Perry|I shouted into the phone, but there was no reply. Silence floated up from the receiver like smoke from the mouth of a gun.
Wouter Van Gastel|War doesn't have heroes, it only has the men who lost so many things in their life that they just keep going and do the most unthinkable things, just because they don't care anymore.
Lady Gaga|Some women choose to follow men, and some women choose to follow their dreams. If you're wondering which way to go, remember that your career will never wake up and tell you that it doesn't love you anyway.
Kris Kidd|Two sad eyes and one skanky smile, I practically pulse with the promise of promiscuity. I'm easy to catch, but too slippery to hold onto. Men love a challenge if the prize is guaranteed. I know how to start a fight while deepthroating a white flag.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|Even the simple act of tuning the radio to a music program can lift our spirits and show the world "I'm not going to give up.
Elizabeth George, Moments of Grace for a Woman's Heart|It’s easy to talk about how much you love God, but loving others reveals how much you truly do.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|The world is full of victims; don’t add to the growing culture of “I’ve a story to tell”, well not unless it’s a story to help others overcome situations or as a warning.
Amit Kalantri|Enjoy without injury, live without loss.
Jean-Paul Sartre, Existentialism Is a Humanism|At the beginning of human history, man lost some of the basic animal instincts in which an animal's behavior is embedded and by which it is secured. Such security, like paradise, is closed to man forever; man has to make choices. In addition to this, however, man has suffered another loss in his more recent development inasmuch as the traditions which buttressed his behavior are now rapidly diminishing. No instinct tells him what he has to do, and no tradition tells him what he ought to do; sometimes he does not even know what he wishes to do. Instead, he either wishes to do what other people do (conformism) or he does what other people tell him to do (totalitarianism).
Susan Quinn, The Furious Improvisation: How the WPA and a Cast of Thousands Made High Art out of Desperate Times|If we put our trust in the common sense of common men and 'with malice toward none and charity for all' go forward on the great adventure of making political, economic and social democracy a practical reality, we shall not fail.
Jean-Paul Sartre|Existence is governed by its own law. Here, the things impermanent by natureare bound to meet their end. Hence, with the passage of time, not only Ravana'sLanka but "Krishna's" Dwarka also sinks.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, On Booze|I only wanted absolute quiet to think out why I had developed a sad attitude toward sadness, a melancholy attitude toward melancholy and a tragic attitude toward tragedy — why I had become identified with the objects of my horror or compassion.
Henry Kimsey-House, Co-Active Leadership: Five Ways to Lead|Failure is a natural part of learning and developing, and it teaches us to be resolute and steadfast in our endeavors.
Bjarke Ingels|By the end of the 1950s, American cars were so reliable that their reliability went without saying even in car ads. Thousands of them bear testimony to this today, still running on the roads of Cuba though fueled with nationalized Venezuelan gasoline and maintained with spit and haywire.
Adam Alter, Irresistible: The Rise of Addictive Technology and the Business of Keeping Us Hooked|Super Mario Bros. hooks newcomers because there are no barriers to playing the game. You can know absolutely nothing about the Nintendo console and still enjoy yourself from the very first minute. There's no need to read motivation-sapping manuals or grind through educational tutorials before you begin. Instead, your avatar, Mario appears on the left-hand side of an almost empty screen. Because the screen is empty, you can push the Nintendo controller's buttons randomly and harmlessly, learning which ones make Mario jump and which ones make him move left and right. You can't move any further left, so you quickly learn to move right. And you aren't reading a guide that tells you which keys are which--instead, you're learning by doing, and enjoying the sense of mastery comes from acquiring knowledge through experience. The first few seconds of gameplay are brilliantly designed to simultaneously do two very difficult things: teach, and preserve the illusion that nothing is being taught at all.
John Ortberg, Who Is This Man?: The Unpredictable Impact of the Inescapable Jesus|Christianity is like a nail," he (Yemelian Yaroslavsky). "The harder you strike it, the deeper it goes.
Cass Sunstein|I realized that my truest passion was for helping people change through faith in a higher power. That meant, for me, belonging to the church. Using my abilities to bring Christian doctrine to a postmodern world.
Cassandra Clare, Clockwork Princess|I am already living, but something is telling me with unchallengeable authority: you are not living properly. The numinous authority of form enjoys the prerogative of being able to tell me 'You must'. It is the authority of a different life in this life. This authority touches on a subtle insufficiency within me that is older and freer than sin; it is my innermost not-yet. In my most conscious moment, I am affected by the absolute objection to my status quo: my change is the one thing that is necessary. If you do indeed subsequently change your life, what you are doing is no different from what you desire with your whole will as soon as you feel how a vertical tension that is valid for you unhinges your life.
Abdullah Yusuf Ali, The Qur'an / القرآن الكريم|The choice for devoted Latter-day Saint women is not just to simply go forward and try to be happy and create a fulfilling life. As women of covenant our goal is to go forward and develop stron testimonies and nurturing and caring hearts that will prepare us for our roles as mothers in eternity. With that end in mind, I determined to go on happily, to become 'anxiously engaged in a good cause' (D&C 58:27), and to believe that the rest would take care of itself.
Russell Crowe|I worked at a hot dog place, a bagel place, the Jersey Store and the hottest fashion joint around. I was getting too famous to work there anymore. I was almost showing up as a joke. I made $2,000 on my show the previous night and I'm going to go shopping during my five-hour shift.
Kate Morton, The Forgotten Garden|Better a crust of black bread than a mountain of paper confections, Better a daisy in earth than a dahlia cut and gathered,Better a cowslip with root than a prize carnation without it
Vironika Tugaleva, The Love Mindset: An Unconventional Guide to Healing and Happiness|A man could not be prevented from making himself a big wax doll, and kissing it. But if the man were to come with the doll and sit before a man in love, and begin caressing his doll as the lover caressed the woman he loved, it would be distastefulto the lover. Just such a distasteful sensation was what Mihailov felt at the sight of Vronsky’s painting: he felt it both ludicrous and irritating, both pitiable and offensive.
Robert Tew|Once you realize your past is just a story, it no longer has any power over you.
Alex Haley|Music was your real passion, this thing you held dear even above family. It was this relationship that never betrayed you. Once it became your job - this thing that was highly visible, this thing that became about commerce - that's when you were holding onto music like it was a palm tree in a hurricane.
Mehmet Murat ildan|I'm not the boss of my house. I don't know how I lost it, I don't know when I lost it, I don't really think I ever had it. But I've seen the boss's job...and I don't want it!
Mark Bradford|I want to thank my mom, Brenda Rose. My heart, the reason I play the way I play, just everything. Just knowing the days I don't feel right, going to practice, having a hard time, I think about her when she had to wake me up, go to work and make sure I was all right. Those were hard days.
Criss Jami, Killosophy|In the modern Christian attempt to take a stand as Christ did, and maybe for others, win the approval of the world, the Christian will often think that it consists of targeting and demoralizing fellow Christians and only fellow Christians. It is one thing to stand against religious hypocrisy when one sees it, but it is another to go on snorting at anything or anyone who might seem 'too Christian' to us. The irony is that by doing this we are further advocating hypocrisy and 'half-hearted Christians'.
anjali mukherjee|Fat or thin. tall or short. we have a problem with almost everything, and maybe, that is why we should actually start "LIVING".
W. Somerset Maugham, The Razor's Edge|Passion is destructive. It destroyed Antony and Cleopatra, Tristan and Isolde, Parnell and Kitty O'Shea. And if it doesn't destroy it dies. It may be then that one is faced with the desolation of knowing that one has wasted the years of one's life, that one's brought disgrace upon oneself, endured the frightful pang of jealousy, swallowed every bitter mortification, that one's expended all one's tenderness, poured out all the riches of one's soul on a poor drab, a fool, a peg on which on hung one's dreams, who wasn't worth a stick of chewing gum.
Stefan Molyneux|The questions of God – meaning in Milton’s phrase “The god who hung the stars like lamps in heaven” – I don’t think psychedelics can address that definitively, but there is another god, a goddess, the goddess of biology, the goddess of the coherent animal human world, the world of the oceans, the atmosphere, and the planet. In short, our world! The world that we were born into, that we evolved into, and that we came from. That world, the psychedelics want to connect us up to… Our individuality, as people and as a species, is an illusion of bad language that the psychedelics dissolve into the greater feeling of connectedness that underlies our being here, and to my mind that’s the religious impulse. It’s not a laundry list of moral dos and don’ts, or a set of dietary prescriptions or practices: it’s a sense of connectedness, responsibility for our fellow human beings and for the earth you walking around on, and because these psychedelics come out of that plant vegetable matrix they are the way back into it.
Latika Teotia|Your indecisiveness can lead you to being manipulated and controlled like a puppet by others. Because you can’t decide- you can be pushed into compromising and bending backwards. Take responsibility of your life and your choices. Seeking support for every choice or decision can make you easy prey to the people you are looking up to. Once in a while it’s OK to take their suggestion but for every little thing going to them is not right and will not help you in the long run either. People will start taking you for granted and lose respect for you. God has given you wisdom so use that; follow your gut feelings and try to lead your life as an outcome of your own choices. At least it will be your life based on your decisions and you won’t have any regrets later. Pray if you feel weak at deciding things, God will surely help you.
Ernest Becker, The Denial of Death|[Man] literally drives himself into a blind obliviousness with social games, psychological tricks, personal preoccupations so far removed from the reality of his situation that they are forms of madness, but madness all the same.
James Mace, Soldier of Rome: The Legionary|True law is right reason in agreement with nature; it is of universal application, unchanging and everlasting; it summons to duty by its commands, and averts from wrongdoing by its prohibitions.
Ban Ki-moon|No one can doubt that the sufferings of the sober, virtuous woman, in legal subjection to the mastership of a drunken, immoral husband and father over herself and children, not only from physical abuse, but from spiritual shame and humiliation, must be such as the man himself can not possibly comprehend.
Saaif Alam|A persons life is a cycle that involves both his or her events of success and failure. A person should understand that most obstacles can be overcomed, but some of his or her barriers that he or she is born with could not be broken. It can be under control if the person understands his or her own identity.
Kristin Hannah, Fly Away|I am like some wounded animal in a darkened lair, nursing the thorn in my paw, unable to find anyone to take it out.
Michael Reeves, Delighting in the Trinity: An Introduction to the Christian Faith|God creates, not that there may be witnesses to render Him His due glory, but beings who shall rejoice in it as He rejoices in it Himself and who, participating in His being, participate at the same time in His beatitude. It is not therefore for Himself, but for us, that God seeks His glory; it is not to gain it, for He posses it already, nor to increase it, for already it is perfect, but to communicate it to us.
Tim Hiller, Strive: Life is Short, Pursue What Matters|A Sufi has a right to be served, but he has no right to demand. Maruf Karkhi of Khorasan
Ken Wilber, No Boundary: Eastern and Western Approaches to Personal Growth|You hated what we had done, and it had meant so much to me. I hated you after that.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|So many people walk around with a meaningless life. They seem half-asleep, even when they're busy doing things they think are important. This is because they're chasing the wrong things. The way you get meaning into your life is to devote yourself to loving others, devote yourself to your community around you, and devote yourself to creating something that gives you purpose and meaning.
Levon Peter Poe|No man was ever a great success traveling an easy pre-made road. All great things REQUIRE sweat, tears and maybe even some blood spilled to be accomplished. The average man walks the easy road, the innovators CREATE the road!
William Safire|Took me a while to get to the point today, but that is because I did not know what the point was when I started.
James MacDonald, Authentic: Developing the Disciplines of a Sincere Faith|The overemphasis on standardized tests forces teachers to teach the same restricted, unintuitive curriculum. Longtime educator Brent Evans has said that today's schools are organized as assembly lines, "(running at a set speed) and with each worker (teacher) at designated places (way levels) on the assembly line performing predetermined actions on products (students) considered to be somewhat generic (one-size-fits-all) and passive (waiting to be filled or formed to the desired shape).
Alexa Grace, Profile of Terror|Everything I do is for her, for Fallon.
Rivka Galchen, American Innovations: Stories|Okay, well...how's that water feeling, then?' 'Excuse me?' 'The Nile warm this time of the year?
Anatole Broyard, Kafka Was the Rage: A Greenwich Village Memoir|When you heart and soul are in it, making love is not just special, Maryah-- it's magical.
Ulysses S. Grant|I only knew what was in my mind, and I wished to express it clearly
Nathaniel Hawthorne|From her character in the HBO miniseries: "The art of politics is the art of applying the seat of the britches to the seat of the chair.
Gloria D. Gonsalves|Writing is a lonely business, which if allowed publicity and socializing it might deteriorate. Supportive people understand the need of a writer to withdraw to the solitude of oneself.
Andrew Kaufman, Born Weird|He’s becoming useless. Worse than useless,” Sam said. Then, relenting, he said, “We’ll get past it.”“You mean you and Quinn?”“Yeah.”Astrid considered just keeping her mouth shut, not pushing it. But this was a talk she needed to have with Sam sooner or later. “I don’t think he’s going to get over it.”“You don’t know him that well.”“He’s jealous of you.”“Well, of course I am so terribly handsome,” Sam said, straining to make a joke of it.“He’s one kind of person, you’re another. When life is going along normally, you’re sort of the same. But when life turns strange and scary, when there’s a crisis, suddenly you’re completely different people. It’s not Quinn’s fault, really, but he’s not brave. He’s not strong. You are.
Laura Dern|As a viewer, I really want to watch author-backed stories, and there is something amazing about thrillers, the way it captivates your imagination.
James McBride|Jeffrey Zeldman had an astonishing ability to craft a seductive coolness using educated references, dry humor, and retro/organic imagery.
Psyche Roxas-Mendoza|Guess life is really a road marked by crossroads. It's not the long and winding stretches that will hurt you the most. It's the crossroads. You make a bad choice and it's a tumble and a rumble before you get back on your feet again. But you'll get back on your feet. You'll find yourself. And then you'll be off to your next adventure (crossroads, I mean). In my case, I always had a safety net—my faith in God. But then, I'm more like the millions of simple folk who travel this world.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|A purposeless virtue is a contradiction in terms. Virtue, like harmony, cannot exist alone; a virtue must lead to harmony between one creature and another. To be good for nothing is just that. If a virtue has been thought a virtue long enough, it must be assumed to have practical justification - though the very longevity that proves its practicality may obscure it. That seems to be what happened with the idea of fidelity...Our age could be characterized as a manifold experiment in faithlessness, and if it has as yet produced no effective understanding of the practicalities of faith, it has certainly produced massive evidence of the damage and disorder of its absence.(pg.115-116, "The Body and the Earth")
Lin Zhao|In modern democracies, one is always too few and two are always too many
Joe R. Lansdale, The Thicket|Some things a girl has in her to say no to and some things cut her down before she knows she’s gone. Sure, some twiggy, thorny snap in her says: no, this is awry, this is a bent thing, in that place that tells her to belly up to the floor before anyone’s even shadowed the doorframe. But it don’t matter. You can’t ask why she did it, when she was warned, when she was told. The plum truth is you would too, if everything impossible stood out there saying you could be loved so perfect the past would go up like a firecracker and shatter across the dark.
Mark F. LaMoure|In life, we tend to get what we expect. Start expecting the best for yourself. Since life is a do-it-to yourself project, why not also believe in miracles? You have the freedom of choice. Why not expect miracles to occur in your life? Change your thinking, to change your life. To do this write your goals, work hard, be smart and expect the best. Make miracles happen.
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr|Being with her always felt like gazing the stars and into the infinity, reading a book which never ends. She had no boundaries, all she knew was to shine, and live without any walls around her on every page.
Shannon Noelle Long, Second Coming|The Grace of God and the human will are co-operant, but not on equal terms. Grace has the pre-eminence.
Henry Cloud, Changes That Heal: How to Understand the Past to Ensure a Healthier Future|Many people will not be honest because they fear loss of intimacy and togetherness. In reality, honesty brings people closer together, for it will strengthen their identities. The more you realize your separate identities, the closer you can become. Telling loved ones what is really on your mind and telling others what you really think is the foundation of love.
F.D.  Lee, The Fairy's Tale|The woman above him had tumbled out of his dreams, and now stood like a half-waking ghost, a photograph double exposed, showing him in one moment the fallacy of his past as it bled into his future. The image of Maria Sophia had grown too large for him to bear. He had made it so. In his industry and creativity he had transformed her into something so wonderful that the very fact she might now be anything less terrified him almost as much as the prospect she might exceed it.
Orson Scott Card, Ender's Game|All Abraham's sons were taught that God would progressively reveal Himself. God's wholeness has yet to be realized. There will always be gaps in our understanding. Why should we fill those gaps with suspicion, bigotry and accusations? Men do it to women; Jews do it to Christians; Christians do it to Muslims. Yet, all these have an implied duty to Abraham.pg 54
Carl Bernstein|The truth is not for all men, but only for those who seek it.
Ally Condie, Matched|He's in pain. I am, too. It strikes me that perhaps this is part of what we are fighting to choose. Which pain we feel.
Maki Minami, Seiyuu-ka! Vol 1|Danger lies in the extreme. A man who is always cruel is evil, a man who is always compassionate will be taken advantage of. It is more a question of balance, or harmony, if you will.
David Hume, A Treatise of Human Nature|Washburn has reported that infant baboons and other young primates appear to be born with only three inborn fears -of falling, snakes, and the dark-corresponding respectively to the dangers posed byNewtonian gravitation to tree-dwellers, by our ancient enemies the reptiles, and by mammalian nocturnal predators, which must have been particularly terrifying for the visually oriented primates.
Sal Albanese|If a newspaper is to be of real service to the public, it must have a big circulation: first, because its news and its comments must reach the largest possible number of people; second, because circulation means advertising, and advertising means money, and money means independence.
Lysa TerKeurst|When God becomes routine rather than revival, it's time to switch things up.
Hiromi Kawakami, The Briefcase|It's really best not to tell people when you feel bad. Growing up is about keeping secrets, and pretending everything is fine.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|This thing all things devours:Birds, beasts, trees, flowers;Gnaws iron, bites steel;Grinds hard stones to meal;Slays king, ruins town,And beats high mountain down.
Robert Louis Stevenson|A writer can live by his writing. If not so luxuriously as by other trades, then less luxuriously. The nature of the work he does all day will more affect his happiness than the quality of his dinner at night. Whatever be your calling, and however much it brings you in the year, you could still, you know, get more by cheating. We all suffer ourselves to be too much concerned about a little poverty; but such considerations should not move us in the choice of that which is to be the business and justification of so great a portion of our lives; and like the missionary, the patriot, or the philosopher, we should all choose that poor and brave career in which we can do the most and best for mankind.
Aziz Ansari|If you were in a bar, would you ever go up to a guy or girl and repeat the word "hey" without getting a response? Would you ever go up to a woman you met two minutes ago and beg her to show you one of your boobs? And do you really want to bone someone who responds to this?
Douglas Adams, Last Chance to See|I certainly don’t like the idea of missionaries. In fact, the whole business fills me with fear and alarm. I don’t believe in God, or at least not in the one we’ve invented for ourselves in England to fulfill our peculiarly English needs, and certainly not in the ones they’ve invented in America, who supply their servants with toupees, television stations, and, most important, toll-free telephone numbers. I wish that people who did believe in such things would keep them to themselves and not export them to the developing world.
K. Weikel, Building Monsters|His is the same fear most everyone has, everyone for me for the fact that I cannot.
J.R.R. Tolkien, Lord of the Rings|What you're willing to give tells you who you are. Not what you are willing to bargain for, or willing to be paid for - but what it is you are willing to give.
Kathryn Craft, The Art of Falling| Dance is not dance, if you don't do it from your heart.
Toni Morrison|In America, racism exists but racists are all gone.
Elizabeth George Speare, Calico Captive|I have no word of yours to assure me that our brief friendship held for you the same significance it held for me, but I must go on believing so. Every hope of the future is meaningless unless I have faith that you and I will share it together.
Timothy B. Tyson, Blood Done Sign My Name: A True Story|I would self-medicate with fat, carbohydrates, and Jane Austen, my number one drug of choice, my constant companion through every breakup, every disappointment, every crisis. Men might come and go, but Jane Austen was always there in sickness and in health, for richer, for poorer, till death do us part.
RVM|Hoping is a great Positive emotion and you must HOPE. But remember, you can’t just Hope for Success, you also have to work for it.
Jennifer Edlund|The spicy sweet fragrance of the large full blooms, which rambled over the side and top of an arched metal framework, welcomed them as they walked beneath them. Shafts of sunlight pierced the canopy, dust motes floating languorously in the golden beams that spotlighted clumps of wayward snowdrops growing in the lawn.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|When our environment changes we change, and this combination of transformative deeds create a synergistic effect. Seemingly, insignificant and imperceptible quantitative changes can eventfully lead to fundamental qualitative changes in the way a group of people function as a society.
J.I. Packer, Knowing God|I sometimes find, especially among my peers, that authenticity is not a…means of growing in holiness, but a convenient cover for endless introspection, doubt, uncertainty, anger, and worldliness. So that if other Christians seem pure, assured, and happy we despise them for being inauthentic.Granted, the church shouldn’t be happy-clappy naive about life’s struggles. Plenty of psalms show us godly ways to be real with our negative emotions. But the church should not apologize for preaching a confident Christ and exhorting us to trust Him in all things. Church is not meant to foster an existential crisis of faith every week
Samuel Johnson, Samuel Johnson on Shakespeare|Imitations produce pain or pleasure, not because they are mistaken for realities, but because they bring realities to mind.
Max Lucado|It is not time for mirth and laughter, the cold, gray dawn of the morning after.
Nicholas Drayson|By the Middle Ages… the introduction of the Trivium was well-known: SÂDI, an educated black from Tombouctou, author of the well-known work entitled, ‘Tarikh es-Soudan’ cites amongst the subjects that he mastered, logic, dialection, grammar, rhetoric, not to mention law and other disciplines...the long lists of subjects studied and the lettered African intellectuals who taught them at the University of Tombouctou…
Herman Kahn|I wrote somewhere during the Cold War that I sometimes wish the Iron Curtain were much taller than it is, so that you could see whether the development of science with no communication was parallel on the two sides. In this case it certainly wasn't.
C. JoyBell C.|I came hoping to see those eyes, but instead I return with my heart, leaving behind only flowers.
Rachel Van Dyken, Toxic|Listen: You can't short-circuit the learning process. It takes time to get to the top, and that's good-because by the time you get there, you'll have learned what you need to know in order to stay there.
Wally Lamb, I Know This Much Is True|I remember the odd sensation of living in the middle of that experience and feeling, simultaneously, like it was something happening at telescopic distance. Like something I was looking at through the wrong end of a pair of binoculars.
Elisabeth Kubler-Ross|Life is a succession of moments, to live each one is to succeed.
Molly Friedenfeld, The Book of Simple Human Truths|Any time a stipulation on love is present, unconditional love is not.
Debasish Mridha|Human beings are nothing but intellectually organized closely interconnected interestingly and independently functioning trillions of atoms. We manipulate these atoms by our thoughts. At the same time, thoughts are the byproducts of complex interactions of these intelligent atoms.
Janet Flanner, Paris Was Yesterday, 1925-1939|She had storms all her life, but she died peacefully.
Robert Jeffress|I've always believed that success for anyone is all about drive, dedication, and desire, but for me, it's also been about confidence and faith.
T.K. Naliaka, Iron Mixed with Sand Salt without Memory|What an interesting contrast between us, even just in the consideration of one woman. Your complete disregard for her will ironically be your destruction, while my regard for her will be my triumph over you.
John Keegan|There are no easy answers, but there are simple answers. We must have the courage to do what we know is morally right.
Anthony T. Hincks|If you caress me one more time, you will melt the butter on my toast.
Agnes Repplier|I have a lot of plants and fish and a pet lizard and Venus flytraps. I have a whole ecosystem in my room, like a running waterfall and different lights and sensors set on digital timers.
Victor Hugo|To attempt, to brave, to persist, and persevere, to be faithful to one's self, to wrestle with destiny, to astound the catastrophe by the slight fear which is causes us, now to confront unjust power, again to insult intoxicated victory, to hold firm and withstand -- such is the example which nations need and the light which electrifies them.
Sunday Adelaja|The citizens of the land, the peoples of the nation must be made strong in their convictions of these values. These values and virtues must become the wealth of the people, they must become their pride. They must be reflected in their lifestyle, in their film and movie industries. This value system must be ingrained in their educational system. They must be proclaimed in their pulpits. Homes and families must be built on the wealth of these virtues.
Idries Shah, A Perfumed Scorpion|There is a succession of experiences which together constitute the educational and developmental ripening of the learner, according to the Sufis. People who think that each gain is the goal itself will freeze at any such stage, and cannot learn through successive and superseding lessons.
Kirsty Eagar, Raw Blue|Trev, all you had to do was breathe to make me want you. 
Ralph Ellison|You must be unintimidated by your own thoughts because if you write with someone looking over you shoulder, you'll never write.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|Many of us draw lines which we intend never to cross. But life tests our resolve, mercilessly at times, and a foot budges, nudged past that thinly-drawn line. So we draw another, resolving never to cross this one. Days grow dark and fog creeps in to blind our view, clouding the reason for the line’s existence from our minds. We draw another mark, ashamed that the last was crossed with less coaxing than we imagined it would require. Shadows and doubts give further need to draw a new line, and then another and another. Lines, I think, are too slim and obscure to be dependable deterrents for behavior. Too often, too easily, people stumble into places they later regret entering. What, then, keeps some individuals from crossing those narrow lines?It is the power of values. For if a person possessing values were to step one foot outside their line, they would be forced to release hands with those inflexible values and consciously abandon them. But their values are persuasive, keeping a tight grip, warding off the luring temptations beckoning one to test the line. Thus values maintained keep a person safely away from areas they dare not travel, steering a life between the lines, enhancing willpower and shaping mighty strength of character.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: A Young Adult's Guide to a Meaningful Future|Don’t just think about what you missed! Don’t continue to dwell on your past mistakes. You shall always miss something in life, consciously or unconsciously! You shall never be able to do all things excellently in life though you must try to! The lesson from what you missed and its application for a better tomorrow is what matter! Move your thought! Move your body!
Leslie Householder, The Jackrabbit Factor: Why You Can|No one believes what they're told. They believe what they uncover. What they dig up on their own. And the harder it is to find, the more they believe it when they do find it.
Sharon Robards, A Woman Transported|[They] believed that the worst way to die, was far from home. That one’s soul traveled the earth, lost forever. But this place was as much her home as [California]. She had lived out some of the most important parts of her life here – and if that didn’t qualify a place as home, what did?
Wendell Berry|I teach in the medical school, the School of Public Health, the Kennedy School of Government, and the Business School. And it's the best perch... because most of my work crosses boundaries.
Sunday Adelaja|In order to achieve stable success, you must be focused on God and not on success itself
Yusef Lateef|For me, the beauty of a person is a matter of the whole package. You have to look at the whole thing, not just a matter of outward appearance or whatever. It has to do with one's character, personality, upbringing and so on.
Christopher Hitchens, god is Not Great: How Religion Poisons Everything|Religion suits everyone’s needs, believers, agnostics, atheists and god, just in case it exists
Maya Angelou|In all the world, there is no heart for me like yours.In all the world, there is no love for you like mine.
Michael Bronski|I have come to realize that in life and politics, there is always more to take into consideration.
Erica Jong|What all the ads and whoreoscopes seemed to imply was that if only you were narcissistic enough, if only you took proper care of your smells, your har, your boobs, your eyelashes, your armpits, your crotch, your stars, your scars, and your choice of Scotch in bars - you would meet a beautiful, powerful, potent, and rich man who would satisfy every longing, fill every hole, make your heart skip a beat (or stand still), make you misty, and fly you to the moon (preferably on gossamer wings), where you would live totally satisfied forever.
James Weldon Johnson, The Autobiography of an Ex-Colored Man|Concurrently, the growing class power and public voice of conservative and liberal well-to-do black folks easily obscures the class cruelty these individuals enact both in the way they talk about underprivileged blacks and the way they represent them. The existence of that class cruelty and its fascist dimensions have been somewhat highlighted by the efforts of privileged-class blacks to censor the voices of black youth, particularly gangsta rappers who are opposing bourgeois class values by extolling the values of street culture and street vernacular. Significantly, the attack on urban underclass black youth culture and its gangster dimensions (glamorization of crime, etc.) is usually presented via a critique of sexism. Since most privileged-class blacks have shown no interest in advancing feminist politics, the only organized effort to end sexism and sexist oppression, this attack on sexism seems merely gratuitous, a smoke screen that deflects away from the fact that what really disturbs bourgeois folks is the support of rebellion, unruly behavior, and disrespect for their class values. In reality, they and their white counterparts fear the power these young folks have to change the minds and life choices of youth from privileged classes. If only underclass black folks were listening to gangsta rap, there would be no public effort to silence and censor this music. The fear is that it will generate class rebellion.
Andrew McMillan|oh love, doesn’t the fact that the world is so big,laid out like ripe fruitmake you want to stay?
Kahlil Gibran, The Prophet|For what is it to die but to stand naked in the wind and to melt into the sun?And what is it to cease breathing but to free the breath from its restless tides, that it may rise and expand and seek God unencumbered?Only when you drink from the river of silence shall you indeed sing.And when you have reached the mountaintop,then you shall begin to climb.And when the earth shal claim your limbs,then shall you truly dance.
Jane Jacobs, The Death and Life of Great American Cities|It happened every single day in Brooklyn: awaken to fresh glory, fall asleep to blight and ruin.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Each person must implement their preferred problem solving method to address existential questions pertaining to life and death, living and loving, working and playing, resting and restructuring.
Stephen King, Skeleton Crew|If 90% of the people, go straight to the hell.So, where do we live now.  11.05.12
Richard J. Borden, Ecology and Experience: Reflections from a Human Ecological Perspective|The average American child, by age eighteen, is estimated to have seen eighteen thousand murders and two hundred thousand acts of violence on television. The “death play” of popular video games is accelerating these numbers to ever-higher levels.
Harvey Broome, Out Under The Sky Of The Great Smokies|Civilization has provided no peace, no spectacle, no assurance to the human heart which can transcend the simple, ever-changing, matchless beauty and peace of the natural world
Ryan Guzman|If I could be doing anything, I'd be laying on the floor in my birthday suit eating junk food and watching something dumb on TV.
Damon Albarn|There are many singers who have got an exceptional talent, but spend their lives singing in local trains or hotels. Does the country even know who they are? Music in India is restricted only to Bollywood. Whoever manages to make a mark there is remembered. The ones who fail to reach and make it big there are forgotten.
Mensah Oteh|Through reframing, you can eliminate all limiting experiences from your life.
Robert Baden-Powell|I think the most productive thing to do during times of change is to be your best self, not the best version of someone else.
C. S. Lewis|Life experience is what defines our character, even if it means getting your heart broken or being lied to. You know, you need the downs to appreciate the ups. Going on the adventure or taking that risk is important.
Susan Richards Shreve, You Are the Love of My Life|The rules for raising children had gone out with her parents generation of daughters who had lived as Lucy had, in patient silence, acting by standards which had lasted generations, waiting to grow up to make their decisions, following the patterns of their own lives.
Jo Nesbø|Sick is a relative concept. We’re all sick. The question is, what degree of functionality do we have with respect to the rules society sets for desirable behavior? No actions are in themselves symptoms of sickness. You have to look at the context within which these actions are performed.
Oscar Bimpong|Many are of the mindset that a door will open for them one day. That is great, but what if no door opens for you in quite a long time?Do you continue to wait, or find an alternative?My answer to you is learn to create your own door. By so doing, you will create a future for yourself, and thus you can have control over your life and be the driver of your destiny.
Garth Nix, Sabriel|Dork," I chastised affectionately. But his cheesy exclamation was something I was okay with. I smiled up at him. His hazels danced with mischief. "Okay," I agreed. The mischief turned to triumph.Damn those magic eyes!
Cassie Mae, Doing It for Love|Sure, he wanted her in a bad way, but he also had this insane urge to help her, to give her back everything she’d lost. He couldn’t explain it, but Lily mattered to him. In just two weeks, she’d gone from a fuck bet to someone he cared about.
Patrick Soon-Shiong|I am afraid of aeroplanes. I've been able to avoid flying for some time, but I suppose, if I had to, I would. Perhaps it's a case of a little knowledge being a dangerous thing. At one time, I had a pilot's licence and 160 hours of solo time on single-engine light aircraft. Unfortunately, all that seemed to do was make me mistrust large aeroplanes.
Otto Hahn|When I feel broken, I cry like the monsoons; and when I glue the pieces back together, I swell and surge like the sea. And then I gradually become tranquil, peaceful, calm...
Kristina McMorris, Letters From Home|An alarming number of parents appear to have little confidence in their ability to "teach" their children. We should help parents understand the overriding importance of incidental teaching in the context of warm, consistent companionship. Such caring is usually the greatest teaching, especially if caring means sharing in the activites of the home.
Ron Baratono|Many people seek popularity and want everyone to know their name. It’s not important for everyone to know your name, it’s important that some of the people you know don’t forget your name.
Irvine Welsh, Skagboys|Sitting in the brightly lit library, surrounded by books, in total silence, that was ma personal zenith.
David Nicholls, One Day|Dexter, I love you so much. So, so much, and I probably always will.' Her lips touched his cheek. 'I just don't like you anymore. I'm sorry.
Debasish Mridha|Future belongs to those who live with hopes and dreams, act on those dreams and hopes until those are a reality.
James Joyce, A Portrait of the Artist as a Young Man|I like being full of mystery and wonder, people always know im up to something but never know exactly what.
J. C. Ryle|After church on the Sunday after Thanksgiving, my family would go chop down our Christmas tree. Once it was home and placed in its stand, Mom and I would painstakingly decorate our tree. It took hours to place the tinsel, string the lights, find the perfect spot for my favorite macaroni and felt ornaments from kindergarten.
Frithjof Schuon, Songs Without Names Vol. VII-XII: Poems: Poems by Frithjof Schuon|In your dream you call for Chaplain Charlie. You met the Navy chaplain when you interviewed him for a feature article you were writing. Chaplain Charlie was an amateur magician. With his magic, Chaplain Charlie entertained Marines in sick bays and distributed spiritual tourniquets to men who were still alive, but weaponless. To brutal, godless children Chaplain Charlie spoke about how God is merciful, despite appearances, about how the Ten Commandments lack detail because when you're writing on stone tablets with lightning bolts you've got to be brief, about how the Free World will conquer Communism with aid of God and a few Marines, and about free fish. One day a Vietnamese child booby-trapped Chaplain Charlie's black bag of tricks. Chaplain Charlie reached in and pulled out a bright ball of death...
Henry Cavill|I had to find a diet that would kick me back into dating shape, because I know that I can't date at size 8. I have to date at size 2. And it's just a fact of nature. Go get your injections and your chemical peels. You gotta look good to attract a man.
Benjamin Suulola|Hate, just like love, is a propulsion force; it is also, to the unwise, a defining matter - On Hate.
M.B. Dallocchio, The Desert Warrior|The most insidious of our country, the greediest and highest rung of our socioeconomic ladder, line their pockets with misappropriated funds as military personnel and hordes of civilians are maimed or killed. It’s not their children out there, blinded by manufactured patriotism or lured into the service with the promise of economic stability, all with the sanctimonious blessings of misguided public consent by way of corporate, state-sponsored media. It won’t be their children who are terrorized by Wahabbist insurgents tearing through city blocks and rural areas as only an ever-devouring plague could. It won’t be any of their loved ones watching thousands of years of civilization unraveling like an old sweater as each thread of wool is lit on fire or stolen to sell on the black market for greedy consumers with a fetish for hijacked Mesopotamian artifacts.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Raise your thoughts, not your fists.
Debasish Mridha|The secret of happiness is to be loving, cheerful, and appreciative.
Hermann Hesse, The Glass Bead Game|If only there were a dogma to believe in. Everything is contradictory, everything is tangential; there are no certainties anywhere. Everything can be interpreted one way and then again interpreted in the opposite sense. The whole of world history can be explained as development and progress and can also be seen as nothing but decadence and meaninglessness. Isn't there any truth? Is there no real and valid doctrine?" Joseph Knect said to his Music Master "there is truth, my boy. But the doctrine you desire, absolute perfect dogma that alone provides wisdom, does not exist. Nor should you long for a perfect doctrine, my friend rather, you should long for perfection in yourself. The deity is within you, not in ideas and books. Truth is lived not taught
Isaac Marion, Warm Bodies|So if existence was just binary, dead or alive, here or not here, what would be the fucking point in anything? My mom used to say that's why we have memory. And the opposite of memory--hope. So things that are gone can still matter. So we can build off our pasts and make futures.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|Once the creator was removed from the creation, divinity became only a remote abstraction, a social weapon in the hands of the religious institutions. This split in public values produced or was accompanied by, as it was bound to be, an equally artificial and ugly division in people's lives, so that a man, while pursuing Heaven with the sublime appetite he thought of as his soul, could turn his heart against his neighbors and his hands against the world...Though Heaven is certainly more important than the earth if all they say about it is true, it is still morally incidental to it and dependent on it, and I can only imagine it and desire it in terms of what I know of the earth. (pg. 23, "A Native Hill")
Michael Pollan, Cooked: A Natural History of Transformation|My native tense is future conditional, a low simmer of unspecified worry being the usual condition.
Sybil MacBeth, Praying in Color: Drawing a New Path to God|If it's worth doing, it's worth doing poorly. (friend who is a priest said regarding prayer)
Simon R. Green, Deathstalker Honor|You can give me detention. Oh, wait, that's right...you aren't the boss of me. So I guess you can just bite me. -Dean
Jeanette Winterson, Written on the Body|Destiny is a worrying concept. I don't want to be fated, I want to choose.
Alan S. Kesselheim, Let Them Paddle: Coming of Age on the Water|How vast those Orbs must be, and how inconsiderable this Earth, the Theatre upon which all our mighty Designs, all our Navigations, and all our Wars are transacted, is when compared to them. A very fit consideration, and matter of Reflection, for those Kings and Princes who sacrifice the Lives of so many People, only to flatter their Ambition in being Masters of some pitiful corner of this small Spot.
Abraham Grace Merritt, Masters of Horror|If there was a little shine of gold on the moon, the mankind would have been to the moon even in the 19th century!
Mehmet Murat ildan|* If you have a light, share it with people; if you have a darkness, share it with the Sun!
Eudora Welty, On Writing|Fiction shows us the past as well as the present moment in mortal light; it is an art served by the indelibility of our memory, and one empowered by a sharp and prophetic awareness of what is ephemeral. It is by the ephemeral that our feeling is so strongly aroused for what endures, or strives to endure.
Bernard Cornwell|While I'm writing, I'm far away;and when I come back, I've gone.
Lailah Gifty Akita|A loyal friend, who can find?
Osho|The Truth Is That Existence Wants Your Life To Become A Festival Because When You Are Unhappy, You Also Throw Unhappiness All Around.
Tony Fadell|I had been doing MP3 players and handheld computers since 1990-1991, and so they sought me out because of my experience. And about 18 generations of iPod and three generations of iPhone later, I decided to leave Apple.
Hugh Sidey|Fling but a stone, the giant dies.
Shawn Michaels|There cannot be a God because if there were one, I could not believe that I was not He.
Chris Cleave, Little Bee|Looking around me, I saw that all my colleagues were busy at the same task. Eyes were rolled up, mouths hung open, here and there a finger twitched. It had to be either a day trip from the Catatonic Academy, or the modern press at work.
Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun|Paths cross all the time in this world of ours, sometimes in the strangest places- Charles Jacobs
|Living life without a positive purpose, is like setting forth on a journey without a specific destination in mind.
Abhishek Ratna, No Parking. No Halt. Success Non Stop!|Isn't that the tie Lily bought for your birthday?"Evan looked down to examine it. It was paisley, a kaleidoscope of color. "Yes it is, as a matter of fact. Good memory. What do you think? Too much?""It doesn't matter what I think.""But you don't like it.""I think that if you want to wear it, you should wear it."Evan seemed momentarily undecided. "Why do you do that?""Do what?""Refuse to answer a simple question.""Because my opinion is irrelevant. You should wear what you want.""Just tell me, okay?""I don't like your tie.""Really? Why not?""Because it's ugly.""It's not ugly."Colin nodded. "Okay.""You don't know what you're talking about.""Probably.""You don't even wear ties.""You're right.""So why do I care what you think?""I don't know."Evan scowled. "Talking to you can be infuriating, you know.""I know. You've said that before.""Of course I've said it before! Because it's true! Didn't we just talk about this the other night? You don't have to say whatever pops into your head.""But you asked.""Just ... Oh, forget it." He turned and started back toward the house. "I'll talk to you later, okay?""Where are you going?"Evan walked a couple of steps before answering without turning around. "To change my damn tie. And by the way Margolis was right. Your face still looks like it was run through a meat grinder."Colin smiled. "Hey, Evan!"Evan stopped and turned. "What?""Thanks.""For what?""For everything.""Yeah, yeah. You're just lucky I won't tell Lily what you said.""You can if you'd like. I already told her."Evan starred. "Of course you did.
Don DeLillo, White Noise|There are moments, such as the one that oppresses me now, when I feel my own self far more than I feel external things, and everything transforms into a night of rain and mud where, lost in the solitude of an out-of-the-way station, I wait interminably for the next third-class train.
Arundhati Roy, The God of Small Things|The trouble is that many people regard disagreement as unrelated to either teaching or being taught. They think that everything is just a matter of opinion. I have mine, and you have yours; and our right to our opinions is as inviolable as our right to private property. On such a view, communication cannot be profitable if the profit to be gained is an increase in knowledge. Conversation is hardly better than a ping-pong game of opposed opinions, a game in which no one keeps score, no one wins, and everyone is satisfied because he does not lose - that is, he ends up holding the same opinions he started with.
T. Kingfisher, The Raven and the Reindeer|Last night I watched the weather channel, as is my habit. Elsewhere in the world there are floods: roiling brown water, bloated cows floating by, survivors huddled on rooftops. Thousands have drowned. Global warming is held accountable: People must stop burning things up, it is said. Gasoline, oil, whole forests. But they won't stop. Greed and hunger lash them on, as usual.
Mark Curtis|The standard argument is that civilian deaths in Afghanistan were the regrettable consequence of military action that was needed to destroy Al Qaida bases and thus prevent further terrorist attacks. But this is a spurious argument since it is obvious that Al Qaida is a decentralised network. The counterargument – that bombing Afghanistan has made it more likely that terrorists will attack – is equally plausible. Most of the September nth hijackers were from Saudi Arabia,
Dada Bhagwan|What is ‘common sense’? (It is that which is) Everywhere applicable, theoretically as well as practically!
Amy A. Bartol, Under Different Stars|I'm stone, nothing touches me-nothing.
Keith Meldahl, Rough-Hewn Land: A Geologic Journey from California to the Rocky Mountains|Push up some mountains. Cut them down. Drown the land under the sea. Push up some more mountains. Cut them down. Push up a third set of mountains, and let the river cut through them. “Unconformity” is the geologic term for an old, eroded land surface buried under younger rock layers. Put your outspread hand over the Carlin Canyon, Nevada unconformity and your fingers span roughly forty million years- the time that it took to bevel down the first set of mountains and deposit the younger layers on top. What is forty million years? Enough time for a small predatory dinosaur to evolve into a bird. Enough time for a four-legged, deer-like mammal to evolve into a whale. And far more than enough time to turn an ape-like creature in eastern Africa into a big-brained biped who can marvel at such things. The Grand Canyon’s Great Unconformity divides 1.7 billion-year-old rock from 550 million-year-old rock, a gap of more than one billion years. One billion years. I earn my salary studying the Earth and teaching its history, but I admit utter helplessness in comprehending such a span. A billion pages like those of this book would stack up more than forty miles. I had lived one bullion seconds a few days before my thirty-second birthday. A tape measure one billion inches long would stretch two-thirds of the way around the Earth. Such analogies hint at what deep time means- but they don’t get us there. “The human mind may not have evolved enough to be able to comprehend deep time," John McPhee once observed, “it may only be able to measure it.
Lauren Kate|One day, our love will conquer this dark circle. That's worth everything to me
Lindsey Rietzsch, Successful Failures: Recognizing the Divine Role That Opposition Plays in Life's Quest for Success|To fail at trying is worse than to fail after trying. If we never try, then we never learn.
Felicity Brandon, Destination Anywhere|With each impact you tell me that my body belongs to you; that I amyours to use, yours to punish and yours to screw. Your words are almost aspowerful as your hand. They leave me feeling breathless and desperate foryour cock. You are working me into the usual frenzy of slutty desire thatwe have both come to love. If I was permitted I would tell you how much Ilove you right now and how much I need this. But it’s not my words whichare important at the moment. Instead I demonstrate my devotion to you inmy complete submission to your desire.
Dannielle Wicks, Broken Sunrise|You deserve to be happy, Dylan." "So do you." "Good thing we've got each other then," she answers, tucking herself into my shoulder, and wrapping her arm around my back.
Reza Aslan, Zealot: The Life and Times of Jesus of Nazareth|Every time we mention God we become theologians, and the only question is whether we are going to be good ones or bad ones.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|Truth is as straight as an arrow, while a lie swivels all over the place. You can hide Truth under a doormat, but eventually the mat will rise very high with Time — forcing it to reveal all the truths it conceals.
Ruben Blades|Being a good Hans Haacke student, part of his influence on me is that there's no difference between a gallery show and a film - or even an ad and a T-shirt-in terms of cultural legitimacy. They're just different contexts in which to have some sort of communication.
Lauren Willig, The Mischief of the Mistletoe|Connor and Cameron look wide-eyed at the carnage. Cameron slowed the speedboat down to a crawl. She and Connor looked at Jason.“Oops,” Jason said meekly. Nothing else seemed appropriate.“Oops?” Connor shouted. “You blew up half the town.
Chris DiSano Davenport|Grampa says the grass is not greener on the other side. All grass changes with the seasons, it grows, it browns, and it can die if you do not nurture it. You must accept the changes, yet the grass is as green as you make it right here and now! Going from one meadow to another does not change the season! Or the meadow!Deetkatu, See the Little People…An Enchanting Adventure
Anne Ursu, Breadcrumbs|She just eyed them coolly, as if they were nothing to her, as if their nothingness surprised and slightly repelled her.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|Now, it may surprise you to learn that in His efforts to get permanent possession of a soul, [God] relies on the troughs even more than on the peaks; some of His special favorites have gone through longer and deeper troughs than anyone else... It is during such trough periods, much more than during the peak periods, that it is growing into the sort of creature He wants it to be... He wants them to learn to walk and must therefore take away His hand; and if only the will to walk is really there He is pleased even with their stumbles.
Brigid Kemmerer, Breathless|Why do they even call it that, "saving yourself"? Like we need to be rescued from sex? It's not like virgins spend their whole lives engaged in the sacred ceremony of "being saved" from intercourse.
Kristen Ashley|Sweet dreams, baby,” he whispered into myhair, his arm giving me a squeeze. “See you onthe other side.”“You too, Captain,” I whispered...'Lauren and Tate, in Sweet Dreams
Aditya Ajmera|Even the brightest sun can be obscured by clouds, this is the power of nature.
N. K. David|They have to know, for we know , that reincarnation is real.
Hilal Hamdaan|While you are laughing madly, There is someone crying inside you
Thomas Merton|He's not a safe safe or a tame God, securely lodged behind the bars of a distant Heaven; He has the most annoying manner of showing up when we least want Him; of confronting us in the strangest ways.
Will Davis Jr., 10 Things Jesus Never Said: And Why You Should Stop Believing Them|Pride and entitlement always go with unforgiveness. The longer you hold someone's offense over them, the more likely you are to start feeling arrogant and entitled to your posture toward him.
Stephen King|On mounting a rising ground, which brought the figure of his fellow-traveller in relief against the sky, gigantic in height, and muffled in a cloak, Ichabod was horror-struck on perceiving that he was headless!--but his horror was still more increased on observing that the head, which should have rested on his shoulders, was carried before him on the pommel of his saddle!
Emanuel Swedenborg|Let it ever be remembered that genuine faith in Christ will ever be productive of good works; for this faith worketh by love, as the apostle says, and love to God always produces obedience to his holy laws.
Melika Dannese Lux, Corcitura|He’s a vampire.” I laughed again, feeling there was no end to the outrageous, ridiculous excuses we were coming up with. “Seriously, it makes sense. He’s always tired and pale, and keeps himself away from people so he won’t bite them....Maybe that’s what he’s doing when he disappears. Getting his fix of blood.
Parker J. Palmer|The people who help us grow toward true self offer unconditional love, neither judging us to be deficient nor trying to force us to change but accepting us exactly as we are. And yet this unconditional love does not lead us to rest on our laurels. Instead, it surrounds us with a charged force field that makes us want to grow from the inside out — a force field that is safe enough to take the risks and endure the failures that growth requires.
Jettie Necole, Ruby|... You make me feel as if I am a bird soaring in the sky. When you are not with me, I am bound to the ground." He touched her soft cheek. "I want you to marry me, Ruby. Will you?
Nicolas Chamfort|Celebrity distorts democracy by giving the rich, beautiful, and famous more authority than they deserve.
Walter Scott|Everything is possible for him who possesses courage and activity,'' she said, with a look resembling one of those heroines of the age of chivalry, whose encouragement was wont to give champions double valour at the hour of need; ``and to the timid and hesitating, everything is impossible, because it seems so.
A.P., Sabine|When civilians are not asked to pay any price, it's easy to be at war - not just to intervene in a foreign land in the first place, but to keep on fighting there. The justifications for staying at war don't have to be particularly rational or cogently argued when so few Americans are making the sacrifice that it takes to stay.
Ben Marcus, The Flame Alphabet|What treaty is it that finally separates those two territories, the hard resolve of our exteriors and the terrible disaster on our insides?
Janet Fitch, White Oleander|A person didn’t need to be beautiful, they just needed to be loved. But I couldn’t help wanting it. If that was the way I could be loved, to be beautiful, I’d take it
Albert Einstein|I would not think that philosophy and reason themselves will be man's guide in the foreseeable future; however, they will remain the most beautiful sanctuary they have always been for the select few.
Sappho|For the man sound of body and serene of mind there is no such thing as bad weather; every day has its beauty, and storms which whip the blood do but make it pulse more vigorously.
Dave Shepp|I could not 'make' you--except by force, which would break your mind.
W.S. Gilbert, The Mikado|I'm really very sorry for you all, but it's an unjust world, and virtue is triumphant only in theatrical performances.
Joseph P. Kauffman, The Answer Is YOU: A Guide to Mental, Emotional, and Spiritual Freedom|You are not limited to this body, to this mind, or to this reality—you are a limitless ocean of Consciousness, imbued with infinite potential. You are existence itself.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Finale|Ready?"Despite the grim mood, I smiled and cracked my knuckles. "Ready to wrestle with my gorgeous boyfriend? Oh, I'd say I'm ready for that."Amusement softened his eyes. "I'll try to control where I put my hands, but in the heat of things, who knows what could happen?" I added. Patch grinned. "Sounds promising.
Pamela Erens, Eleven Hours|People say all the time that they’d do anything for the people they love. But would you really? Would you do anything? Would you give everything? I don’t know that a child knows that kind of selfless love. A mother, yes. A mother will clutch her children and jump from a moving car to keep them from harm. She will do it without thinking. But I don’t think the child knows how to do that, not instinctively. It’s something the child has to learn.
Terry Pratchett, Going Postal|The cab driver is staring at me in his mirror. I'm talking to myself."The second sign of madness," I explain."What's the first one?""Killing lots of people and eating their genitals."He laughs and sneaks another look at me.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|I don’t think people can live without hope. What oxygen is to the lungs, hope is to our survival in this world. And the Bible is filled with hope.
Elmore Leonard, Get Shorty|Fear is the greatest enemy; the father of all suffering, and love is the only cure for humanity's great afflictions
Matshona Dhliwayo|It is the strongest, not the prettiest birds that conquer the sky.
Dr. Seuss|The people that mind don't matter, and the people that matter don't mind.
Donna Grant, Night's Awakening|Elena rolled her eyes. "Oh, please, Guy. Everything immortal has to be killed somehow. I mean, you can't survive if they cut off your head.""Want to give it try?
Suzie Burke, Wholeness: My Healing Journey from Ritual Abuse|The myth of quantum consciousness sits well with many whose egos have made it impossible for them to accept the insignificant place science perceives for humanity, as modern instruments probe the farthest reaches of space and time. ... quantum consciousness has about as much substance as the aether from which it is composed. Early in this century, quantum mechanics and Einstein’s relativity destroyed the notion of a holistic universe that had seemed within the realm of possibility in the century just past. First, Einstein did away with the aether, shattering the doctrine that we all move about inside a universal, cosmic fluid whose excitations connect us simultaneously to one another and to the rest of the universe. Second, Einstein and other physicists proved that matter and light were composed of particles, wiping away the notion of universal continuity. Atomic theory and quantum mechanics demonstrated that everything, even space and time, exists in discrete bits – quanta. To turn this around and say that twentieth century physics initiated some new holistic view of the universe is a complete misrepresentation of what actually took place. ... The myth of quantum consciousness should take its place along with gods, unicorns, and dragons as yet another product of the fantasies of people unwilling to accept what science, reason, and their own eyes tell them about the world.
Aleksandar Hemon, The Lazarus Project|You can change only what people know, not what they do.
Tom Petty|Work is the meat of life, pleasure the dessert.
Mo Hayder, The Devil of Nanking|I had an overwhelming sense of the lonliness of this city - a trillion souls in their bedrooms, high in the cliffs of windows. I thought of what was underneath it all - I thought of the electricty cables, steam, water, fire, subway trains and lava in the city's guts, the subterranean rumbling of trains and earthquakes. I thought of the dead souls from the war, concreted over.
Sharon Salzberg, Real Love: The Art of Mindful Connection|Maybe what we really need is to change our relationship to what is, to see who we are with the strength of a generous spirit & a wise heart.
C. JoyBell C.|Some people say they will not believe in anything they can't see. What a catastrophe to not have any faith at all! You live only less than a half of life, if you will only believe in the things that you can see. Life is lived by those who have much faith and believe in many unseen things. If you believe in nothing that you cannot see, think about how much there is that you choose to turn your face away from! You can't see your soul and you cannot prove that it exists, therefore if you call yourself one who believes in nothing unseen, then you will forever deny your soul its existence, for the existence of the soul dwells in love, trust, anger, passion, faith, belief, strength; the soul is forever nourished by things that are unseen! And so we have too many empty bodies walking around! Bodies with souls inside that are half-dead and dying.
Marge Piercy, Dance the Eagle to Sleep|thinking about tracking. . . . Sometime in grade school, already your fate was settled, your socialclass was established for the rest of your life.
Stephenie Meyer, Breaking Dawn|I know - I'll play you for it," Alice suggested. "Rock, paper, scissors."Jasper chuckled and Edward sighed."Why don't you just tell me who wins?" Edward said wryly.Alice beamed. "I do. Excellent.
Shannon L. Alder|Some people need significance more than they need another person. Change will only happen in a relationship when you realize it is not the person, but the "emotion" you desire.
Charles Dickens, A Tale of Two Cities|Before forty, you think that exhaustion is something like a long-lasting hangover. But at forty you learn all about it. Even your passions exhaust you.
Toni Morrison, Home|I stood there a long while, staring at that tree. It looked so strongSo beautiful. Hurt right down the middleBut alive and well. Cee touched my shoulderLightly. Frank? Yes? Come on, brother. Let's go home.
Katie Reus, Into the Darkness|Dragons loved treasure, that was not a myth about his kind, and Rhea was the greatest treasure of all.
Harper Lee, To Kill a Mockingbird|And when all's said and done, the final comment will be (from me at least) so what? I'll live with my neuroses. I'll try to develop patience, with my handicapped personality. But I prefer to live with my neuroses and try to make the best of them.
Sarah Jessica Parker|I have no use for people who throw their weight around as celebrities, or for those who fawn over you just because you are famous.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|They say that wisdom comes from suffering. This is not true. Wisdom comes from having unconditional empathy for all mankind. Any man filled with empathy is capable of gaining valuable insights on the human condition through the suffering of others. You do not need to suffer to know suffering, but you need empathy first to identify and feel the suffering of others around you. If you do not feel love for all mankind, nor see everyone around you as a valuable human and an extension of yourself, then you will never feel real empathy. And if you do not have empathy, then you will not gain, learn and remember valuable knowledge from your experiences, or those around you, so that you one day become wise. Yet most importantly, wisdom comes from having a good memory. If you do not remember anything, or are so disconnected from basic humanism to even care to dissect lessons to be gained from every experience in your life and from those around you - using simple reason and the juggling of feelings, then wisdom will forever remain a faraway planet to you.
Deyth Banger|Pain is awesome I like it, to see myself scared is awesome to see how people get killed just makes me happy.
Nikhil Bhardwaj, O Amor|She was covered in sweat, and her body odor filled my nostrils. But her smell wasn't repulsive, believe me! It was rather alluring. It was tempting, a little foul, sour, yet arousing.
Priya Ardis, My Boyfriend Merlin|They tried not to stare, but they couldn't keep their eyes away. I was a freak now. I made people uncomfortable and not necessarily because of my scars-but because what my scars represented. Danger, fear, and the unknown. Something had had happened to me, something not even I could remember. They all probably thought that I was crazy, that I somehow did this to myself. I couldn't blame them. ow could I? They might be right.
Robert Carlyle|Once you've got a child to the point that they've discovered books, they're safe. There's a world of the imagination that when they're hurt or upset, they can move into, and it is wonderful.
Jasper Fforde, One of Our Thursdays Is Missing|Vanity's contribution to Fiction in general was an abundance of cheap labour and the occasional blockbuster, which was accepted into Fiction with an apologetic 'gosh, don't know how that happened'.
Anthony T. Hincks|When you close your eyes and you feel the color, that is when you know that love has entered your heart.
Michael Pollan, Second Nature: A Gardener's Education|Anthropocentric as [the gardener] may be, he recognizes that he is dependent for his health and survival on many other forms of life, so he is careful to take their interests into account in whatever he does. He is in fact a wilderness advocate of a certain kind. It is when he respects and nurtures the wilderness of his soil and his plants that his garden seems to flourish most. Wildness, he has found, resides not only out there, but right here: in his soil, in his plants, even in himself...But wildness is more a quality than a place, and though humans can't manufacture it, they can nourish and husband it...The gardener cultivates wildness, but he does so carefully and respectfully, in full recognition of its mystery.
Hippocrates|People think that epilepsy is divine simply because they don't have any idea what causes epilepsy. But I believe that someday we will understand what causes epilepsy, and at that moment, we will cease to believe that it's divine. And so it is with everything in the universe
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|Normal people live distracted, rarely fully present. Weird people silence the distractions and remain fully in the moment.
Krista Tippett, Speaking of Faith|Rule number one. The good guys always win.Rule number two. If the good guys lose, we play again.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Some patient dogs had waited a long time for the fatest bone to come, but the impatient had gone to scavenge for the little it could see.
Bruce C. Hafen|We didn't have to talk, and it wasn't awkward. We were just two lonely, out of place people sharing a holiday with junk food from the vending machine and a Claymation classic on the television." oh and later "I guess its a good thing we found each other then.
Jeremy Scott|If some people try to make a prenup into a pre-negotiation of a divorce... Well, that's really sad. But I do think that it's important to understand what each person has coming into the relationship, and what each person expects from the relationship. They aren't always fun discussions to have, and they can be very eye-opening.
Ibn Warraq|As Luxenberg's work has only recently been published we must await its scholarly assessment before we can pass any judgements. But if his analysis is correct then suicide bombers, or rather prospective martyrs, would do well to abandon their culture of death, and instead concentrate on getting laid 72 times in this world, unless of course they would really prefer chilled or white raisins, according to their taste, in the next.
Samuel Asumadu-Sarkodie|Believing in Jesus prevent you from failing and missing the true end and scope of life, which is God
Debasish Mridha|Dreams are like drama, they unfold the story on the stage.
|Pain is meant to be temporary as long as you are not willing to give up on yourself. However, quitting never fails to make it last forever.
kent Ian N. Cny|When it happens to you, you will be surprised. That thing they say about how you knew all the time but just weren't facing it? That might be the case, but nevertheless, there you will be. You will feel like you have been kicked in the stomach, that your insides have just separated to make room for something big.
Garth Nix, Abhorsen|Time plays tricks between here and home," said Mogget sepulchrally, frightening the life out of the telephone operator.
Veronica Roth, Four: A Divergent Story Collection|She wasn't scared of going deep, deep down in a world of no air and little light
Aly Martinez|No cause occurs without effect, and no effect occurs without cause. No unjust action goes without penalty, and no action or thought flows unnoticed throughout the universe.
― Tony "Success Activator" Dovale|True Success is about A Winners Heart-Mind-set that enables, energizes and empowers Leadership and SWIFT Actions that Ensure REAL Success and Sustained Long-Term Freedom, Love, Abundance, Peace, Meaning and Joy.” ― Tony "Success Activator" Dovale
Oksana Rus|I celebrate myself, I paint and dance and sing myself, and what I assume you will assume, for every atom as of me as good belongs to dreamy You. I am a song. I am a poem. I am the soil and a gem. I am a stargate and a voyage. I am the ocean and your soul.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|She [Nana] listened to his [Steiner's] propositions, turning them down every time with a shake of the head and that provocative laughter which is peculiar to full-bodied blondes.
Larry R. Lawrence|Courageous parenting does not always involve saying no. Parents also need courage to say yes to the counsel of modern-day prophets. Our Church leaders have counseled us to establish righteous patterns in our homes. Consider five fundamental practices that have the power to fortify our youth: family prayer, family scripture study, family home evening, family dinner together, and regular one-on-one interviews with each child.
Nigel Mansell|I drove 3,500 miles this summer on our family holiday, we drove across 10 countries. I have driven across the United States four times. I love cars, I love being in cars, I think so do most people. I want to help and support those people who have that same kind of enthusiasm for driving that I have.
Nicole Edwards, Zane|V’s reference to his age, specifically the difference between them, only pissed Zane off more. He hated that she used that as an excuse. She’d tried it one other time, and if he remembered correctly, she’d been sprawled out beneath him in ten seconds flat, begging him to let her come.
Emily  Williams, Letters to Eloise|Sometimes there are people in this world that you meet. Most of these people remain just that, passing acquaintances that further down the line you will struggle to remember their names, let alone picture their faces and it all fades into a distant past almost like a dissolving aspirin. Some acquaintances become friends, but again these come and go with only a few remaining consistent. However, occasionally you will meet someone that changes who you are and who you will become.
Clarissa Pinkola Estés, Women Who Run With the Wolves: Myths and Stories of the Wild Woman Archetype|Don't waste your time hating a failure. Failure is a greater teacher than success. Listen, learn, go on.
Jill A.  Boughton, God's Icebreaker: The Life and Adventures of Father Ted Hesburgh of Notre Dame|Wind-voice looked in amazement at the sword in his claws. “I—I’ll keep it safe,” he muttered to Winger. “For the hero, when he comes…”Winger was smiling a light, dreamy smile that radiated all over his thin face. “The hero is here, Wind-voice,” he said, awed. “You’re the hero.
Christina Rossetti|The person I'm most thankful for this Thanksgiving is Lieutenant Eve Dallas. She kept me safe when I was scared and I was sad. She took me to her house with Roarke and Summerset and Galahad so nobody could hurt me, not even the bad people who killed my family and my friend. She told me the truth. She promised me she would find the bad people and make sure they were punished. And Roarke said she would never stop until she did that. He told me the truth too. She helped me find Richard and Elizabeth and Kevin. They're not my mother, my father, and my brother. But they're my family now, and I know it's okay to love them. It doesn't mean I don't love my mom and dad and my brother. Dallas didn't treat me like a baby. She told me I was a survivor, and that's important. She worked hard, and she even got hurt, but she found the bad people, and she made sure they got punished. She told me the truth. She kept her promise. So she is the person I'm most thankful for this Thanksgiving. Nixie Swisher.
Akiroq Brost|We rise, we fall.Life is a lesson.But, if not lived with the heart,holds no depth, no meaning.We must feel pain, to feel the joy, to feel the pain, and so on, so forth.It requires great courage.I try with all my mightto hold gratitude in the lesson.Thank you universe for showing mefor teaching me.
Jane Austen, Northanger Abbey|I am no novel-reader -- I seldom look into novels -- Do not imagine that I often read novels -- It is really very well for a novel." Such is the common cant. "And what are you reading, Miss -- ?" "Oh! It is only a novel!" replies the young lady, while she lays down her book with affected indifference, or momentary shame. "It is only Cecilia, or Camilla, or Belinda"; or, in short, only some work in which the greatest powers of the mind are displayed, in which the most thorough knowledge of human nature, the happiest delineation of its varieties, the liveliest effusions of wit and humour, are conveyed to the world in the best-chosen language.
Matthew Quick, Every Exquisite Thing|Carpe Infans! Beware BabiesThere is no other human so seductive that an otherwise rational human will feed, clothe, sit up nights, work trigonometry with, bake cookies for, and generally tolerate for such long extents of time for such paltry returns of goods and services. They are a trap for the unwary ... all of us.
Lindsay Lock, Musings|Dreams aren't of the mind,but of the heart.
Sue Merrell, One Shoe Off|Goodwill to all.' I know it's techinically 'goodwill to all men,' but in my mind, I drop the 'men' because that feels segregationist/elitist/sexist/generally bad ist. Goodwill shouldn't be just for men. It should also apply to women and children, and all animals, even the yucky ones like subway rats. I'd even extend the goodwill not just to living creatures but to the dearly departed, and if we include them, we might as well include the undead, those supposedly mythic beings like vampires, and if they're in, then so are elves, fairies, and gnomes. Heck, since we're already being so generous in our big group hug, why not also embrace those supposedly inanimate objects like dolls and stuffed animals. I'm sure Santa would agree. 'Goodwill to all.
Megan Hart|it is clear that we must trust what is difficult; everything alive trusts in it, everything in Nature grows and defends itself any way it can and is spontaneously itself, tries to be itself at all costs and against all opposition. We know little, but that we must trust in what is difficult is a certainty that will never abandon us; it is good to be solitary, for solitude is difficult; that something is difficult must be one more reason for us to do it.
Nelson Algren, The Neon Wilderness|Alcohol, I had learned, was an eloquent if somewhat inaccurate interpreter. I had placed my trust that December night in glass after glass of it, eager not for drink but for a bit of talk. 
Christopher Hitchens, Prepared for the Worst: Selected Essays and Minority Reports|In the early days of the December that my father was to die, my younger brother brought me the news that I was a Jew. I was then a transplanted Englishman in America, married, with one son and, though unconsoled by any religion, a nonbelieving member of two Christian churches. On hearing the tidings, I was pleased to find that I was pleased.
Vladislav Krapivin, Застава на Якорном поле. Крик петуха.|В тяжкие времена безотчётного страха и неясности судьбы я нашёл простое и доступное всякому лекарство от душевной смуты: в Доме Капитанов я неспешно разглядывал судовые модели. Созерцание крошечных каравелл и фрегатов, где сочеталась неторопливая мудрость, кропотливость мастеров с воспоминаниями о плаваниях вокруг неоткрытого мира, успокаивает человека, возвращая ему равновесие духа, ясное сознание и надежду...(Капитан-командор Космофлота Элиот Красс д'Эспиноза)
Debasish Mridha|Be to believe, feel to love, and create to inspire.
F. Sionil Jose|Poetry is thoughts that breathe, and words that burn.
Freddy Adu|Our most important task is to transform our consciousness so that violence is no longer an option for us in our personal lives, that understanding that a world of peace is possible only if we relate to each other as peaceful beings, one individual at a time.
Oprah Winfrey|It is up to us to live up to the legacy that was left for us, and to leave a legacy that is worthy of our children and of future generations.
TemitOpe Ibrahim|Foolishness is not a lack of resources, it's the lack of wisdom.
Ellen J. Barrier|He was comparing you to the butterflies that you both adore and cherish, and he said you were special for the same reasons: you were rare, exotic and entirely you. He said you're beautiful exactly the way are now.
Romain Gary, خداحافظ گاری کوپر|john was smart, but he was also a young male with a usually empty belly. sometimes it was simple as that
Unarine Ramaru|Patients with complex trauma may at times develop extreme reactions to something the therapist has said or not said, done or not done. It is wise to anticipate this in advance, and perhaps to note this anticipation in initial communications with the patient. For example, one may say something like, "It is likely in our work together, there will be a time or times when you will feel angry with me, disappointed with me, or that I have failed you. We should except this and not be surprised if and when it happens, which it probably will." It is also vital to emphasize to the patient that despite the diagnosis and experience of dividedness, the whole person is responsible and will be held responsible for the acts of any part. p174
Susan C. Young|In the pursuit of trying to be all things to all people or trying to live up to another person’s expectations, do you find yourself saying ‘Yes’ when you wish you’d said ‘No?’ When something is not in your best interest or goes against your values, learn to refuse and graciously reply, “No.
Kim Stanley Robinson, The Years of Rice and Salt|The word of God came down to man as rain to soil, and the result was mud, not clear water. (Bistami) Pg. 128
Demetri Martin|Boy, those French: they have a different word for everything!
Lisa Kleypas, Tempt Me at Twilight|You don't apologise,' (Deacon) said, pressing a kiss to my greasy head, unlocking best friend status.
Laurie Matthew, Groomed: An Uncle Who Went Too Far, a Mother Who Didn't Care, a Little Girl Who Waited for Justice|...she thought with pity of all the men and women who were not light-hearted when they loved, who were cold, who were reluctant, who were shy, who imagined that passion and tenderness were two things separate from one another, and not the one, gloriously intermingled, so that to be fierce was also to be gentle, so that silence was a speaking without words.
Ta-Nehisi Coates, We Were Eight Years in Power: An American Tragedy|For many years in Cuba, nobody spoke of the problem between blacks and whites. It was considered too disagreeable to discuss. But my father spoke to me clearly so that I would understand what happened to his father and his uncles during the Little War of 1912, so that I would know how our men were hunted down day and night like animals, and finally hung by their genitals from the lampposts in Guáimaro. The war that killed my grandfather and great-uncles and thousands of other blacks is only a footnote in our history books. Why, then, should I trust anything I read? I trust only what I see, what I know with my heart, nothing more.
Bryant McGill, Simple Reminders: Inspiration for Living Your Best Life|It is astounding what power being kind, mannered, polite and considerate has in transforming your life.
Rick Riordan, The Mark of Athena|Piper and Hazel were ready to go, but first Annabeth turned to Percy, who was leaning on the starboard rail, gazing over the bay. Annabeth took his hand. “What are you going to do while we’re go
Michael Bassey Johnson|Its funny when people recently change their attitude to gain entrance into your heart, which may only ignite your passion to close the door.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Wish for the best, problems will follow you, challenges will come in the way when you move on, and your wisdom of learning will save you!
Howard Fast, The Dinner Party|Our archaeological ancestry lost hair while growing sweat glands to reduce panting in the hot African sun. One outcome evolved the origin of our speech. Another conquered our ability to shut the hell up and listen. Now? Politicians grunting "On the Origin of Speeches" past one another.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|Forgive me, Your Grace. Are you suggesting a woman is some sort of … piece of fruit to you? One squeeze, and you know if she’s ripe?
Mohith Agadi|If we can learn anything from Lord Ganesha, it is: Be sincere and care no one in the line of duty.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|The really important thing to be was yourself, just as hard as you could.
Pooja Mottl|I'm not sure why it is, but I love food more than just about anything else.
D. H. Lawrence|Cardio is a nice way to start the morning, man. Whether you sit on the bike for half an hour or throw on two jumpers and just sweat, it's good to get up, get the body active, put on your headphones, and just pedal away.
Sam Harris, Lying|Honesty can force any dysfunction in your life to the surface. Are you in an abusive relationship? A refusal to lie to others – How did you get that bruise? – would oblige you to come to grips with this situation very quickly. Do you have a problem with drugs or alcohol? Lying is the lifeblood of addiction. If we have no recourse to lies, our lives can unravel only so far without others noticing.Telling the truth can also reveal ways in which we want to grow but haven’t.
Edward Gibbon|Every person has two educations, one which he receives from others, and one, more important, which he gives to himself.
John Holt, Learning All The Time|we are all born educated, but we need education to be educated
Robert T. Kiyosaki, Rich Dad's Who Took My Money?: Why Slow Investors Lose and Fast Money Wins!|The power of "can't": The word "can't" makes strong people weak, blinds people who can see, saddens happy people, turns brave people into cowards, robs a genius of their brilliance, causes rich people to think poorly, and limits the achievements of that great person living inside us all.
Aireen Pontillo|Nothing had ever existed between us except the possibility of something, and now even that was over.
Steven Cuoco|I dare to believe in the beauty of my dreams, and I use my imagination to see them fulfilled.
Justin Steckbauer|I'm convinced that the greatest lover of freedom & liberty is God almighty himself. He gave us free will, the greatest liberty of all.
Sherrilyn Kenyon, Illusion|I have a bad grammar, but I do have a good message in it.
Truman Capote, Breakfast at Tiffany's|Watching her, I remembered a girl I'd known in school, a grind, Mildred Grossman. Mildred: with her moist hair and greasy spectacles, her strained fingers that dissected frogs and carried coffee to picket lines, her flat eyes that only turned toward the stars to estimate their chemical tonnage. Earth and air could not be more opposite than Mildred and Holly, yet in my head they acquired a Siamese twinship, and the thread of thought that had sewn them together ran like this: the average personality reshapes frequently, every few years even our bodies undergo a complete overhaul--desirable or not, it is a natural thing that we should change. All right, here were two people who never would. That is what Mildred Grossman had in common with Holly Golightly. They would never change because they'd been given their character too soon; which, like sudden riches, leads to a lack of proportion: the one had splurged herself into a top-heavy realist, the other a lopsided romantic. I imagined them in a restaurant of the future, Mildred still studying the menu for its nutritional values, Holly still gluttonous for everything on it. It would never be different. They would walk through life and out of it with the same determined step that took small notice of those cliffs at the left.
Toni Morrison|As you enter positions of trust and power, dream a little before you think.
Richard Simmons|Legally speaking, the term 'public rights' is as vague and indefinite as are the terms 'public health,' 'public good,' 'public welfare,' and the like. It has no legal meaning, except when used to describe the separate, private, individual rights of a greater or less number of individuals.
Albert Camus, The Plague|Fed on a media diet of really bad news, we live in a perpetual state of repressed panic. We are paralyzed by bad knowledge, from which the only escape is playing dumb. Ignorance becomes empowering because it enables people to live. Stupidity becomes proactive, a political statement. Our collective norm.
Alexander Pope, The Dunciad|You can't expect anyone to trust revelation if he hasn't experienced it himself. Those who haven't only know reason. And since revelation is a thing apart, and cannot be accounted for reasonably, they never will believe you. This is the great division of the world and always has been. When reason and revelation run together, why, then you have something great, a great age.
Desiderius Erasmus|Prosperity tries the fortunate, adversity the great.
George Müller, The Autobiography of George Muller|The primary business I must attend to every day is to fellowship with the Lord. The first concern is not how much I might serve the Lord, but how my inner man might be nourished.
Tim Gunn|Life in the Kingdom of God is accepting and knowing Jesus Christ, it is studying and applyingHis teachings to your life.
Miles Davis|Food is one part of the experience. And it has to be somewhere between 50 to 60 percent of the dining experience. But the rest counts as well: The mood, the atmosphere, the music, the feeling, the design, the harmony between what you have on the plate and what surrounds the plate.
Jae T. Jaggart, Cash: Angel, Demon, Rock Star|I hate the thing is called enjoyment: Besides it is a dull employment,It cuts off all that's life and fireFrom that which may be termed desire;Just like the bee whose sting is goneConverts the owner to a drone.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|When you encounter unexpected situation, don’t panic. Close our eyes, take a deep breath and pray. It will relief you of any anxiety.
Tim Liwanag, Fulfilled Eschatology|Jesus proclaimed the favor of God in His very first sermon. Then He sealed the deal with His death and resurrection. Favor is a function of surrender. If we don't hold out on God, God will not hold out on us.
Bruce Crown, Chronic Passions|Naturally, the plague of humanity named confidence (or pride to some), which symptoms often render each person to fiercely believe himself to be above average, let them to believe that it was others who were affected by this case but not them. Everyone thought they had the quintessential ability to detach themselves from the cases they were working, even if the victim looked and behaved exactly like their son, daughter, niece or nephew.
Sharon Kay Penman, When Christ and His Saints Slept|It might be added, too, that it takes something more than preponderance of numbers to win a battle....
Anne Lamott, Plan B: Further Thoughts on Faith|When I asked Father Tom where we find God in this present darkness, he said that God is in creation, and to get outdoors as much as you can.
T.S. Krupa, Safe & Sound|Heavy hearts, heavy eyelids," said the master of the caravan."Huh?" Heather looked up in dismay, shocked to find she'd nearly been left behind as the caravan prepared to move on. Her last night's sleep had been fitful, full of dreams where Khalid made her suffer for running away. Now she felt drained and groggy, unable to get the images of Khalid spanking her over his knee and then ravishing her out of her tired head."Look," the caravan master said. "Riders approaching, a great armed party. No doubt they are searching for escaped slaves.""No doubt." Heather straightened up wearily in the saddle, determined to outwit Khalid and conceal her true identity as a runaway. The one thing she was sure of was that capture would bring a fate worse than death. Already she could imagine Khalid tying her up, spanking her bottom, making her howl for mercy until she had no pride or will to resist. And then would come the true test of her virtue . . .
Jody Hedlund, An Uncertain Choice|Vanity is a weakness. I know this. It’s a shallow dependence on the exterior self, on how one looks instead of what one is.
Winifred Gallagher, Rapt: Attention and the Focused Life|Such a simplified lifestyle can be truly wonderful - you'll finally have time for the things you really love, for relaxation, for outdoor activities, for exercise, for reading or finding peace and quiet, for the loved ones in your life, for the things you're most passionate about. This is what it means to thrive - to live a life full of the things you want in them, and not more. To live a better quality of life without having to spend and buy and consume.
Elizabeth Rudnick, Maleficent|It was a lonely place. A place for the dark-hearted. It's where I deserve to be, Maleficent told herself every time she arrived. For only someone with a heart as dark as mine could do something so evil to a girl with a heart as light as Aurora's.
Ken Livingstone|In politics, sometimes you have to lie, or you make a promise that you cannot keep.
Ferdinand Piech|Inside every working anarchy, there's an Old Boy Network.
A.E. Via|The Imperial Senate, ever conscious of the weight of public opinion resting on the tip of the pencil come voting day, wanted to be fair and just – or at least appear that way. Meanwhile, back at the ranch, there was little love lost between Imperial troops and the locals who viewed each other with little short of open hostility, and often through the sighting devices attached to weaponry of various diverse descriptions.
Joe Mari Fadrigalan|Don't ever think that life is unfair. People may be different in status and identity, but what matters most is your personality. God created all humans with equal love and attention. In times that you think you are alone, remember that He is always there for you. He will never leave you because He loves you. Always bear in mind that all of us are His children and He is our father. And in times of need, hold on to Him because He will never let you suffer. Even though life varies in some circumstances, all will experience a composition of victory and failure. Victory as a reward and failure as a lesson. If you are born poor, do everything to achieve your dreams and strive for success. If you are born rich, be charitable to others and keep your feet on the ground. Everyone is special. Everyone is unique. Everyone is blessed. But not everyone knows how to value it. Be the best that you can become, always acquire happiness and live your life to the fullest!
Walter Danley, The Tipping Point|To love love and not its meaning, hardens the heart in monstrous ways..." (The Rape Of The Swan)Footnote : A form of self-edification, infatuation, lust and the epitome of hedonism.
Samantha Power|I strive never to forget the real world consequences of my decisions on individuals, businesses and government.
Blake Lively|My mom modeled and made clothes, so I always had such an appreciation for design.
Ashley Jade, Blame It on the Pain|I want to know,” he breathed, his tongue moving between her breasts. “When do we get to be bad again?” She smiled big. “Baby, I thought you'd never ask.
Heather M. Orgeron, Boomerangers|Those ties...those ties are forever, and I never wanted to be connected to any other person so permanently. Forever was always meant for you and me, Spence.
Suzanne  Johnson, Pirate's Alley|Alex leaned over and treated me to a Rhett Butler kiss, slow and deep but not too sweet. He once told Scarlett something to the effect of how badly she needed kissing, and by someone who knew what he was doing. Alex knew what he was doing. By the time he finished proving it, I was breathless. I rested my head on his shoulder, basking in his warmth and filling my lungs with his scent. "What was that for?""That was to show you how glad I am that we got out of that mess in one piece and that we're here together." He extracted his arm from around my shoulders and sat back. "Now let's talk about your crazy stunt."Damn it, Rhett did that, too. He'd kiss Scarlett silly, then lecture her.
Susan Gregg Gilmore, Looking for Salvation at the Dairy Queen|I wonder about death, I who may never know it. It looks much like ecstacy, the way they open their mouths as they drown, the way their fingers dig into your skin. Their eyes are wide and startled and they trash in your hands as though with an excess of passion.
Bernie Sanders|Resist this war on God, freedom of religion and freedom of speech.
Elijah Onyenmeriogu|The moment you cross the border of your country to another, nature will blow you the breeze of revolution, no matter how long you may spend abroad, you will never return back home the same again, it is either greater or worse.
Darrell W. Johnson, Experiencing the Trinity|English is so past,’ she said. ‘Sure, we need people who can write about what we do, but they don’t have to be English graduates. Theology graduates who don’t believe any of it – that would be useful.
Jiddu Krishnamurti, Freedom from the Known|we do not ask. We want to be told. One of the most curious things in the structure of our psyche is that we all want to be told because we are the result of the propaganda of ten thousand years. We want to have our thinking confirmed and corroborated by another, whereas to ask a question is to ask it of yourself.
Dorothy Parker, Enough Rope|Problem, purpose, conflict, goal. Use them. Think about them while you are in the planning phase of your novel; keep these elements at the back of your mind to guide you while you write. When you have written a scene, make sure they are all there, or that if one or another is missing, it is intentional and the effect is what you want.
Arthur Kornberg|GIS, in its digital manifestation of geography, goes beyond just the science. It provides us a framework and a process for applying geography. It brings together observational science and measurement and integrates it with modeling and prediction, analysis, and interpretation so that we can understand things.
Sarah Stillman|It's not that there are no differences between human and non-human animals, any more than there are no differences between black people and white people, freeborn citizens and slaves, men and women, Jews and gentiles, gays or heterosexuals. The question is rather: are they morally relevant differences? This matters because morally catastrophic consequences can ensue when we latch on to a real but morally irrelevant difference between sentient beings.
Stephen Lang|You have to just go with your imagination, where your instinct takes you.
David Vann, Bright Air Black|There are no gods, only men.
Neal A. Maxwell|I testify that He is utterly incomparable in what He is, what He knows, what He has accomplished and what He has experienced. Yet, movingly, He calls us His Friends
Kevin Rudd|The question I love to get asked is: 'What's the hardest part of your job?' And literally, the answer is probably real sad, but it's to just to be me. Like, it's really hard, because I think people, you know, have a set idea of what a pop star should be.
Catrina Burgess, Awakening|Don’t worry about paying me. Stay alive, child. You must save yourself. And, whatever you do, don’t forget who you are
Paolo Giordano, The Solitude of Prime Numbers|I got a question for you, gonna come over here and kiss me with those pretty lips?
Walter Wink, Engaging the Powers: Discernment and Resistance in a World of Domination|TV is a pornographic cacophony of violence, death obsession, screams, gunfire and drama. You think it's fine because you are damaged.
Cindy Ray Hale, You & Me Forever: a Sweet Romance Collection|Plan B” is nonsense. Successful people come up with plans A, B, C, D . . . all the way to Z. That’s how life works. If you’renot constantly looking for and testing solutions, that’s probably why you’re on the hamster wheel that you’re on right now.
Debasish Mridha|We came to this world with love and hope to bloom like a flower, to beautify this garden we call earth, and spread the fragrance of happiness.
F. Sionil José|Dad had turned conservative, but not in the way of the demonologists who sold us out for tenure and crumbs. More like a man who spurns the false talk of revolution for the humbler mission of resurrecting one soul at a time.
Anthony Horowitz, Eagle Strike|Let me ask you a question Alex. What do you think is the greatest evil on this plant today?""Is that including, or not including you?
David L. Conroy, Out of the Nightmare: Recovery from Depression and Suicidal Pain|Suicidal pain includes the feeling that one has lost all capacity to effect emotional change. The agony is excruciating and looks as if it will never end. There is the feeling of having been beaten down for a very long time. There are feelings of agitation, emptiness, and incoherence. "Snap out of it and get on with your life," sounds like a demand to high jump ten feet.
C.V. Hunt, Endlessly|Yes, I'm hungry. Horny, too! The thought of feeding from you is a most delectable idea and it's playing havoc with my brain as well as other parts of my body."He sat up and scooted closer to me...
Ashish Patel|Mind is greedy. When you sense the benefits with people who previously thought rubbish about you, the mind forgoes those thoughts and inclines toward those people only to gain optimal benefits.
Gordon MacKenzie|You have a masterpiece inside you, you know. One unlike any that has ever been created, or ever will be. If you go to your grave without painting your masterpiece, it will not get painted. No one else can paint it. Only you.
Haruki Murakami, Blind Willow, Sleeping Woman: 24 Stories|Dreams come from the past, not from the future. Dreams shouldn't control you--you should control them. 
Bob  Crane|Only an atmosphere of quiet hard work and dull, serious conversation were appropriate to him.
Heather O'Neill|It is not easy to be crafty and winsome at the same time, and few accomplish it after the age of six.
David  Cain, Making Things Clear|Essentially, meditation allows us to live in ways that are less automatic. This necessarily means less time spent worrying, ruminating, and trying to control things we can’t control. It means we become less vulnerable to the throes of the fear-driven, older parts of our brains, and freer to use our newer and more sophisticated mental abilities: patience, compassion, acceptance and reason.
Richard Baxter, The Saints' Everlasting Rest|It's funny isn't it??YOu don't want to stop it??Don't ya??...I don't give a shit about your opinion what I want I will do...You are now part of this story, unfortunately, just by reading this you make yourself part of this story, like it or not that's how it goes.Once upon a time there was one girl and one boy staying home banned to go outside everything was locked it wasn't one day, 2 days it was whole 10 years. Their family always was outside communicating with the other people and you didn't even exist, they knew you but they didn't wanted you... it was somewhere in the end of the Second War in which 50 soldiers just came in home, you were screaming... again and again they asked what's that... your mother said that she will handle it... and what??Slap after slap, kick after kick then the father comes playing with the knife and he was juggling and one moment he made the knife with the spike in front of your eyes he tied your hands, he put a Scotch tape on your mouth and what??? He was taking your eye... by the knife and eating them... then he started fast and fast hitting with the knife without looking in random place and in this game..... it ended horrible??The boy was first without eyes the girl was a second without a legs, years and however her tongue was cut... why??Evil should speak... evil is on the first place. Never ends, there isn't even and beginning it's inside!
Debasish Mridha|Education is not only filling the mind with knowledge, but it is igniting the candle that enlightens the mind.
inadaze22, Broken|When you don't know what to do, go back to the places, the people and the promises where you know you last heard God.
Seth Shostak|Sci-fi films are the epic films of the day because we can no longer put 10,000 extras in the scene - but we can draw thousands of aliens with computers.
Stewart Lee Beck, China Simplified: Language Gymnastics: A springboard into Chinese culture|Sometimes we speak different languages, but our hearts are the same.
Nalini Singh, Branded by Fire|It is a measure of a nation their cunning! It is a measure of a nation their strength! And it is a measure of a nation," I leaned forward and screeched, "their mercy!" I leaned back and surveyed the crowd and for some bizarre reason kept right on shouting. The condemned you see before you have been tried justly and meet their sentence fairly. They have done wrong and they will pay for it. But I am not the Winter Princess of a nation who does not see that even the condemned deserve to be treated with respect as they face death. You may think they do not deserve it but it is your duty as Lunwynians to rise above their actionsnot fall to their depths. They will hang for their crimes and you will watch this sentence carried out.How could that not be enough for you?"I tore my eyes away from the now whispering crowd as those close sent my words far,feeling Frey’s arm still tight around my middle but I ignored it and looked down at the scaffold.Bring her to her feet,” I ordered the guardstanding around Viola and they shifted andstared up at me in stupefaction so I snapped,“ Bring her to her feet!”They jumped toward Viola who I avoidedlooking at as they helped her up and movedher to her noose. Instead, I looked back tothe crowd and, yep, you guessed it, kept right on shouting."Today, you witness something infinitely sad. Three people who have gone wrong somewhere in their lives, done wrong be-cause of it and therefore are paying the ulti-mate price. Do not stand there shouting and jeering, demonstrating that they were right to move against this great nation, those for-tunate enough to inhabit her ice-bound earth and those privileged to wear her crowns.Stand there and, as the Lunwynians I know you to be, stand strong, stand proud and stand filled with mercy.
Yaya DaCosta|My five best friends, who were my bridesmaids in my wedding, are still my best friends.
Elon Musk|I was taught that to create anything you had to believe in failure, simply because you had to be prepared to go through an idea without any fear. Failure, you learned, as I did in art school, to be a wonderful thing. It allowed you to get up in the morning and take the pillow off your head.
Iain M. Banks, Excession|The miracle that saves the world, the realm of human affairs, from its normal, ‘natural’ ruin is ultimately the fact of natality, in which the faculty of action is ontologically rooted. It is, in other words, the birth of new [people] and the new beginning, the action they are capable of by virtue of being born. Only the full experience of this capacity can bestow upon human affairs faith and hope.
Victor Hugo|While civilization has been improving our houses, it has not equally improved the men who are to inhabit them. It has created palaces, but it was not so easy to create noblemen and kings.
J.A. Belfield, Unnatural|I hated lying to my family.I had no choice.As a werewolf, the pack’d go apeshit if they found out I’d spent the last few months shagging a cat.~Kyle Larsen
Bryant McGill, Voice of Reason|The solution to nearly every problem in the world comes down to greater awareness, compassion, and empathy.
Richard Seaver, The Marquis de Sade: The Complete Justine, Philosophy in the Bedroom, and other writings|Whether or not it is dangerous to read Sade is a question that easily becomes lost in a multitude of others and has never been settled except by those whose arguments are rooted in the conviction that reading leads to trouble. So it does; so it must, for reading leads nowhere but to questions.
Mark Twain|You know, if I listened to Michael Dukakis long enough, I would be convinced we're in an economic downturn and people are homeless and going without food and medical attention and that we've got to do something about the unemployed.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Preparation: 8 Ways to Plan with Purpose & Intention for Positive Impact|Unfortunately, unapproachable leaders create a tense environment that may prevent their people from bringing their best strengths and talents or challenges and solutions forward.
Cassandra Clare, City of Glass|The illegality of cannabis is outrageous, an impediment to full utilization of a drug which helps produce the serenity and insight, sensitivity and fellowship so desperately needed in this increasingly mad and dangerous world.
George Carlin|The caterpillar does all the work, but the butterfly gets all the publicity.
Adam Grant, Originals|Practice makes perfect, but it doesn’t make new
Joe Hill, Horns|The conclusion I have reached is that, above all, dogs are witnesses. They are allowed access to our most private moments. They are there when we think we are alone. Think of what they could tell us. They sit on the laps of presidents. They see acts of love and violence, quarrels and feuds, and the secret play of children. If they could tell us everything they have seen, all of the gaps of our lives would stitch themselves together.
Michael Cunningham, The Snow Queen|A celestial light appeared to Barrett Meeks in the sky over Central Park, four days after Barrett had been mauled, once again, by love.
Polkadot|In this world there are two types of people: the ones who hurt, and the ones who are hurt. But if we all claim to be the victims, then aren't we all the criminals too?
Ta-Nehisi Coates|[W]e have a democracy that uses free elections to put in place known obstructionists, and a media that disproportionately gives a forum to economically driven ideology over sound science.
H. L. Mencken|We'd all survive if Twitter shut down for a short while during major riots. Social media isn't any more important than a train station, a road or a bus service. We don't worry about police temporarily closing those. Common sense. If riot info and fear is spreading by Facebook and Twitter, shut them off for an hour or two, then restore.
Osho, The Book of Secrets|Remember, it is ultimately your mind which makes anything attractive or unattractive. It is you who is the deciding factor.
Alan McCluskey, The Reaches|Instead of writing backwards over what had happened, giving structure and meaning to his story, he wrote forwards, slipping into troubling futures.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Social orientation can be used to your advantage to make a great first impression; however, it can also backfire when we violate the boundaries of someone else’s personal space. Awareness of space, orientation, and proximity is a powerful tool for your relationship toolbox.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|You are alone because you were born alone. And though you were born alone, you found a reason and the strength to shake yourself, though as helpless as you were at birth, for the whole universe to hear and know that you have not just arrived, but you are healthy, and you commanded and moved things and people around you with your cry, even as an infant! And though it all seems you are alone, note that once you can breathe, you are never alone! Smile, for there is an indomitable power within you, given to you by God! Realize your God, realize your power! Awake and realize your true strength and the strong power within you! Face life and do not just challenge the challenges in life but conquer them with all boldness and fortitude. Step by step, complete the steps! It is always not all that easy, but, be strong and beat life no matter what!
James E. McClellan|Historians of technology have asked why no industrial revolution developed in antiquity. The simple answer seems to be that there was no need, that contemporary modes of production and the slave-based economy of the day satisfactorily maintained the status quo. The capitalist idea of profit as a desirable end to pursue was completely foreign to the contemporary mentality. So, too, was the idea that technology on a large scale could or should be harnessed to those ends. An industrial revolution was literally unthinkable in antiquity.
Colleen Chen, Dysmorphic Kingdom|Someday this upside-down world will be turned right side up. Nothing in all eternity will turn it back again. If we are wise, we will use our brief lives on earth positioning ourselves for the turn.
Edward de Bono, Six Thinking Hats Revised Edition|Creativity involves provocation, exploration and risk taking. Creativity involves "thought experiments." You cannot tell in advance how the experiment is going to turn out. But you want to be able to carry out the experiment.
Wiz Khalifa|Truly, learning appears to be a reverse geometric progression with experiences at one hour, one day, one month or one year dramatically more influential and formative than later experiences. As has often been quoted, 85% of brain development takes place by age 3, and yet we spend only 4% of our educational dollars by that point.
Julia Quinn, Dancing at Midnight|Hey, ... my name is DeYtH Banger, (So far thanks for reading this it's pretty interesting coversation... isn't it?).
Louis L'Amour, Education of a Wandering Man|Historical novels are, without question, the best way of teaching history, for they offer the human stories behind the events and leave the reader with a desire to know more.
Jeffrey R. Anderson, The Nature of Things - Navigating Everyday Life with Grace|There shall be no more death, Because we have already seen all that, Its old and we are tired of it, And now we need something new, And this new thing is Eternal Life
Debasish Mridha|Music is the language of love, nature, and eternity.
Robertson Davies, Fifth Business|Despite these afternoon misgivings and self-reproaches I clung to my notion, ill-defined though it was, that a serious study of human knowledge, or theory, or belief, if undertaken with a critical but not a cruel mind, would in the end yield some secret, some valuable permanent insight, into the nature of life and the true end of man.
Cyc Jouzy|When someone does`nt wanna talk to you, you have no choice but to help them.
John Forbes Nash, Jr.|A great city, whose image dwells in the memory of man, is the type of some great idea. Rome represents conquest; Faith hovers over the towers of Jerusalem; and Athens embodies the pre-eminent quality of the antique world, Art.
Michael Ruse|George Williams, the revered evolutionary biologist, describes the natural world as “grossly immoral.” Having no foresight or compassion, natural selection “can honestly be described as a process for maximizing short-sighted selfishness.” On top of all the miseries inflicted by predators and parasites, the members of a species show no pity to their own kind. Infanticide, siblicide, and rape can be observed in many kinds of animals; infidelity is common even in so-called pair-bonded species; cannibalism can be expected in all species that are not strict vegetarians; death from fighting is more common in most animal species than it is in the most violent American cities. Commenting on how biologists used to describe the killing of starving deer by mountain lions as an act of mercy, Williams wrote: “The simple facts are that both predation and starvation are painful prospects for deer, and that the lion's lot is no more enviable. Perhaps biology would have been able to mature more rapidly in a culture not dominated by Judeo-Christian theology and the Romantic tradition. It might have been well served by the First Holy Truth from [Buddha's] Sermon at Benares: “Birth is painful, old age is painful, sickness is painful, death is painful...”” As soon as we recognize that there is nothing morally commendable about the products of evolution, we can describe human psychology honestly, without the fear that identifying a “natural” trait is the same as condoning it. As Katharine Hepburn says to Humphrey Bogart in The African Queen, “Nature, Mr. Allnut, is what we are put in this world to rise above.
Jason Biggs|Sometimes in the most tragic situation, something just profoundly funny happens.
Marcel Proust, Within a Budding Grove, Part 2|I knew in that moment that everything happens for a reason, but we can’t always know the reason when the journey begins. Some things we can only understand at the end of our journey.
Deb Caletti, The Six Rules of Maybe|I realise there's something incredibly honest about trees in winter, how they're experts at letting things go.
George Eliot, Adam Bede|A pretty building I'm making, without either bricks or timber. I'm up i' the garret a'ready, and haven't so much as dug the foundation.
Darlenne Susan Girard, freefalling|Life’s just another blowjob. And just because I let you cum in my mouth, doesn’t mean I’m going to swallow it!" - excerpt from: freefalling
Jerry Hall|But I contend that if we're providing total medical coverage for every man, woman, and child in Iraq, shouldn't we at least be doing the same thing for every man, woman, and child in the United States?
Walter Moers, Rumo & His Miraculous Adventures|Then he heard a wild, high-pitched cackling that made the hair stand up on the back of his neck. It wasn't sane, that laugh. In fact, it was the laughter of someone who never had more than a nodding acquaintance with sanity.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Literature is map of humanity, the documenter of civilization. Books introduce us to the landscape of the greatest minds of every century.
Pamela Anderson|I went through the extremes of amazing notoriety and also the dreaded things that you never thought you'd have to live through. Not everything works the way you want it to, but if I sit back and think, 'Am I happy about this?' Yeah. I wouldn't have done anything any better.
Albert Schweitzer|You get into your late fifties, people start falling like flies all around you. I don't take life for granted any more. I'm really glad to be here.
Glenda Millard, A Small Free Kiss in the Dark|Sometimes words come out of me and I don't know where they come from or why. They're like falling stars tumbling through the universe; bright, burning things that can't be stopped.
Jeekeshen Chinnappen, Psychic Gang|If you consulted your business experiences instead of your ugly individualistic philosophy, you would know that believing in himself is one of the commonest signs of a rotter.
Ernest Shackleton, Endurance: Shackleton's Incredible Voyage|We had seen God in His splendors, heard the text that Nature renders. We had reached the naked soul of man.
Rohinton Mistry, A Fine Balance|The future was becoming past, everything vanished into the void, and reaching back to grasp for something, one came out clutching - what? A bit of string, scraps of cloth, shadows of the golden time. If one could only reverse it, turn the past into future, and catch it on the wing, on its journey across the always shifting line of the present ...
Helen Keller, The Story of My Life|He lived with his mother, father and sister; had a room of his own, with the fourth-floor windows staring on seas of rooftops and the glitter of winter nights when home lights brownly wave beneath the heater whiter blaze of stars--those stars that in the North, in the clear nights, all hang frozen tears by the billions, with January Milky Ways like silver taffy, veils of frost in the stillness, huge blinked, throbbing to the slow beat of time and universal blood.
Haruki Murakami, Dance Dance Dance|Precipitate as weather, she appeared from somewhere, then evaporated, leaving only memory.
Jane Austen, Mansfield Park|If this man had not twelve thousand a year, he would be a very stupid fellow.
John Milton, The Complete Poems and Major Prose|Father, I do acknowledge and confessThat I this honor, I this pomp have broughtTo Dagon, and advanc’d his praises highamong the Heathen round; to God have broughtDishonor, obloquy, and op’d the mouthsOf Idolists, and Atheists[…]The anguish of my Soul, that suffers notMine eye to harbor sleep, or thoughts to rest.This only hope relieves me, that the strifeWith mee hath end.
N.T. Wright, Simply Christian: Why Christianity Makes Sense|When we no longer look at an organic being as a savage looks at a ship, as at something wholly beyond his comprehension; when we regard every production of nature as one which has had a history; when we contemplate every complex structure and instinct as the summing up of many contrivances, each useful to the possessor, nearly in the same way as when we look at any great mechanical invention as the summing up of the labour, the experience, the reason, and even the blunders of numerous workmen; when we thus view each organic being, how far more interesting, I speak from experience, will the study of natural history become!
Mary Balogh, Simply Perfect|But that is what life is all about, he said. "It is about dreaming and making those dreams come true with effort and determination - and love.
Gina Marinello-Sweeney, The Rose and the Sword|That,” Adriana said, “is a puzzling mystery that must be solved.
Ranbir Kapoor|I get inspiration from literally everything and anything. I take inspiration from people, relationships, stories, and I take inspiration from movies I see, books I read and songs I hear.
Rebecah McManus, Colliding Worlds|One night when we were lying under the stars together she pointed to this beaming bright star beside the moon and said wherever she was in the world, whether we were together or apart, that I should remember her with that star because it would always be there-that it was her with me.
George Strait|Life's not the breaths you take, but the moments that take your breath away.
J.M. Coetzee, Summertime|Well, cast your mind back to the books he wrote. What is the one theme that keeps recurring from book to book? It is that the woman doesn’t fall in love with the man. The man may or may not love the woman; but the woman never loves the man. What do you think that theme reflects? My guess, my highly informed guess, is that it reflects his life experience. Women didn’t fall for him—not women in their right senses. They inspected him, maybe they even tried him our. Then they moved on.
Abhijit Naskar, Illusion of Religion: A Treatise on Religious Fundamentalism|Religion without reason is merely an illusion of religion – it is a mockery of religion, like it has become today.
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|People who are buried leaveBehind their memories.People feel sad for them andWorry, but for the living man,They are never sorry.This person, who is the sufferer,Will never be able to withstand,The chances snatched from him,He thinks, “Am I under a ban?”So he dies, and the world isForever in debtFor the man who facedDeath before his death.
Daniel Quinn, Beyond Civilization: Humanity's Next Great Adventure|It was a mild winter’s evening in ‘Japp’s Saloon and Speakeasy’, in the northwest corner of the only legal red-light area of the city. (The S.O.D.s believed in crime management.) Timaset Skooch leaned back in the aluminum framed chair, checking his cards carefully while wearing his best poker face. Across the table from him sat Jonn Deire, a large man who was trying very hard to out-poker face him and who didn’t enjoy jokes about his name much.
Henry Spencer|As a card-carrying space nerd and NASA's chief scientist, I love space movies, from 'Star Trek' to 'Star Wars' to my all-time favorite - 'The Dish', an Australian comedy that celebrates that first moment when Neil Armstrong stepped down onto the surface of our moon.
Sadhguru, Life and Death in One Breath|Death is a fiction created by people who live their lives in total unawareness. There is only life, life and life alone, moving from one dimension to another, another dimension to another.
Maureen Brady, Beyond Survival: A Writing Journey for Healing Childhood Sexual Abuse|Our need to be "greater than" or "less than" has been a defense against toxic shame. A shameful act was committed upon us. The perpetrator walked away, leaving us with the shame. We absorbed the notion that we are somehow defective. To cover for this we constructed a false self, a masked self. And it is this self that is the overachiever or the dunce, the tramp or the puritan, the powermonger or the pathetic loser.
Kayla Severson, Nature's 1st Gem Is Green|The beauty in our beliefs causes us to let our grassy goals and dreams take root, for sorrow gives seed to success, success blossoms into significance, and significance transcends the seasons that come and go with the whims of the world.
Henry Adams|In most places in the country, voting is looked upon as a right and a duty, but in Chicago it's a sport.
Morrissey|The more you ignore me, the closer I get; you're wasting your time.
Deyth Banger, Problem 1#2|Mind your mind! Check your heart! In the end, you shall realize that it was not just your heart and your mind which directed how you lived your life, but things that lived in your heart and in your mind were the true ink that wrote the story of your life in the best or worst manner!
Steven Pinker, The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined|No one understands me but I am cool with that. I was different from others. I knew this from when I was young. Things that turned people off normally about violence and death did the exact opposite with me. For when I was a small boy, death always intrigued me. I loved watching things die. Watching life leave someone's eyes was an adrenaline rush.
Dog Lover|We don't need geography , dogs are our world
Khaled Hosseini|A Country is not a mere territory; the particular territory is only its foundation. The Country is the idea which rises upon that foundation; it is the sentiment of love, the sense of fellowship which binds together all the sons of that territory.
George H. Smith, Atheism: The Case Against God|If a supernatural being is to be exempt from natural law, it cannot possess specific, determinate characteristics. These attributes would impose limits and these limits would restrict the capacities of this supernatural being. In this case, a supernatural being would be subject to the causal relationships that mark natural existence, which would disqualify it as a god. Therefore, we must somehow conceive of a being without a specific nature, a being that is indeterminate—a being, in other words, that is nothing in particular. But these characteristics (or, more precisely, lack of characteristics) are incompatible with the notion of existence itself.
Jules Verne, Around the World in Eighty Days|Phileas Fogg, having shut the door of his house at half-past eleven, and having put his right foot before his left five hundred and seventy-five times, and his left foot before his right five hundred and seventy-six times, reached the Reform Club
Courtney Cole, Every Last Kiss|…and available man candy. But at least there would be mud, and maybe cows.” p12
S. Kelley Harrell, Life Betwixt: Essays on Allies in the Everyday and Shamanism Among|A tire spins aimlessly, being pulled a different direction by forces larger and stronger and with little consideration of its wasted effort. Sometimes, no matter how hard you try, you can't leave the road you're on.
Brandon Sanderson, Warbreaker|You going to let me go now?""That depends." He muttered. "Are you going to try and nosedive down the stairs again?""Wasn't planning on it, but who knows how this might play out.
Rainbow Rowell, Landline|man is always equal to his purpose; when you control him, you do half a job but when you control his purpose, you do a total job.
Mark Twain|True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils. Strive to have friends, for life without friends is like life on a desert island... to find one real friend in a lifetime is good fortune; to keep him is a blessing.
Douglas Pagels|Love is a wonderful gift. It's a present so precious words can barely begin to describe it. Love is a feeling, the deepest and sweetest of all. It's incredibly strong and amazingly gentle at the very same time. It is a blessing that should be counted every day. It is nourishment for the soul. It is devotion, constantly letting each person know how supportive it's certainty can be. Love is a heart filled with affection for the most important person in your life. Love is looking at the special someone who makes your world go around and absolutely loving what you see. Love gives meaning to one's world and magic to a million hopes and dreams. It makes the morning shine more brightly and each season seem like it's the nicest one anyone ever had. Love is an invaluable bond that enriches every good thing in life. It gives each hug a tenderness, each heart a happiness, each spirit a steady lift. Love is an invisible connection that is exquisitely felt by those who know the joy, feel the warmth, share the sweetness, and celebrate the gift! 
J.K. Rowling|It is my baby and if I want to bring it out to play again, I will.
Melanie Harlow, Yanked|What I’m trying to say is, there’s no perfect life without you. In fact, I no longer dream about a “perfect” life. I only dream about a life with you.
LeBron James|Because I had my family, I felt like I could be a bird and fly and experience and do. Because I had roots somewhere, I knew that they would love me no matter what, and I could always go back home and they were going to love me.
Rudolf Steiner|Whatever your political leaning, vote. This participation is vital. I feel the same way about issues like the space program, education, the military. The more the public focuses on these things, thinks and forms opinions, I think the better we are as a democracy.
Billy Graham|A man can no more diminish God's glory by refusing to worship Him than a lunatic can put out the sun by scribbling the word, 'darkness' on the walls of his cell.
Alex Flinn, Beastly|I love you, I thought. But I didn’t say it. It was not that I feared she would laugh in my face. She was far too kind for that. My fear was a greater one— that she won’t say it back.
Philip Henry Sheridan|If I owned Texas and Hell, I would rent out Texas and live in Hell
Rumman Bin Sadiq|Take care of others now, so they can take care of you in future.
John Gray, Men Are from Mars, Women Are from Venus|If we are to feel the positive feelings of love, happiness, trust, and gratitude, we periodically also have to feel anger, sadness, fear, and sorrow.
David Pietrusza, 1960--LBJ vs. JFK vs. Nixon: The Epic Campaign That Forged Three Presidencies|Richard Nixon coveted, to the point of obsession, a controversy-free, stage-managed coronation.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Danse Macabre|who me?"anita blake seriesby: Laurell K Hamilton
Danika Stone, All the Feels|That, my dear Liv, was confidence. Talk to someone. Make jokes with them. Seem interested in what they are saying even if they're dull as mud.” He shrugged. “Anyone... anyone at all, can be glamoured if you know how.
Philip K. Dick, A Scanner Darkly|I noticed that he was an Irish setter, rust-colored. He noticed that I was a Welsh sculptor, buff-colored (no, really, what did he notice? how does he think?) I reflected that he was probably a nice dog from a good home (bourgeois dog) but with certain unfortunate habits like jumping on people from high windows (rationalization: he is a member of the television generation and thus -)
Kevin Michel, Moving Through Parallel Worlds To Achieve Your Dreams|Your 'Ideal Parallel World' must be so grand that if you told it to 99% of your friends, they would laugh - some because they would think you were joking and some because they would think the goal impossible.
Brooke Holmes, The Symptom and the Subject: The Emergence of the Physical Body in Ancient Greece|Heraclitus, Empedocles, and Parmenides all state or suggest that thinking the right kinds of thoughts positively transforms our relationship to our environment. If thoughts are the right kind, it is presumably because they build on the particular receptivity of human nature to true knowledge about the nature of things, knowledge that, in turn, brings the person into greater harmony with the world around him. Thought is thus a uniquely transformative encounter with reality.
Joanne Harris, Peaches for Father Francis|Damn,' someone behind me says. 'I was hoping we would get to scrape some Stiff pancake off the pavement later.
Paulo Coelho, The Fifth Mountain|So our virtuesLie in the interpretation of the time:And power, unto itself most commendable,Hath not a tomb so evident as a chairTo extol what it hath done.One fire drives out one fire; one nail, one nail;Rights by rights falter, strengths by strengths do fail.
Germany Kent|Everyday presents a new opportunity to grow and press forward to your success. Stay the course believing that where you are right now doesn't matter, as long as you are moving in the right direction.
Sunday Adelaja|Names have a great influence on the destiny of the person, who bears the name
Pooja Ruprell|Life is beautiful. Like a beautiful blue wave, it ebbs and flows, sometimes gushing forth and sometimes receding quietly.
Catherynne M. Valente, Deathless|The goblins of the city may hold committees to divide a single potato, but the strong and the cruel still sit on the hill, and drink vodka, and wear black furs, and slurp borscht by the pail, like blood. Children may wear through their socks marching in righteous parades, but Papa never misses his wine with supper. Therefore, it is better to be strong and cruel than to be fair. At least, one eats better that way. And morality is more dependent on the state of one’s stomach than of one’s nation.
Nancy Pelosi|Americans are fighters. We're tough, resourceful and creative, and if we have the chance to fight on a level playing field, where everyone pays a fair share and everyone has a real shot, then no one - no one can stop us.
Lily Aldridge|There was a thing on Facebook that said, 'Describe George Clooney's wedding in three words,' and my answer was, 'Not invited again.'
Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina|A bit of theory as we settle down for lunch: the waiter's treatment of Kitty is actually a kind of sandwich, with the bottom bread being the bored and slightly effete way he normally acts with customers, the middle being the crazed and abnormal way he feels around this famous nineteen-year-old girl, and the top bread being his attempt to contain and conceal this alien middle layer with some mode of behavior that at least approximates the bottom layer of boredom and effeteness that is his norm.
Alain de Botton|If we can actually decrease the failure rate from nine out of 10 drugs failing in clinical trials and instead have seven out of 10 instead failing, that is a major victory for drug discovery and for people having better therapy.
Tim Burton|Robot BoyMr. an Mrs. Smith had a wonderful life.They were a normal, happy husband and wife.One day they got news that made Mr. Smith glad.Mrs. Smith would would be a momwhich would make him the dad!But something was wrong with their bundle of joy.It wasn't human at all,it was a robot boy!He wasn't warm and cuddlyand he didn't have skin.Instead there was a cold, thin layer of tin.There were wires and tubes sticking out of his head.He just lay there and stared,not living or dead.The only time he seemed alive at allwas with a long extension cordplugged into the wall.Mr. Smith yelled at the doctor,"What have you done to my boy?He's not flesh and blood,he's aluminum alloy!"The doctor said gently,"What I'm going to saywill sound pretty wild.But you're not the father of this strange looking child.You see, there still is some questionabout the child's gender,but we think that its fatheris a microwave blender."The Smith's lives were now filledwith misery and strife.Mrs. Smith hated her husband,and he hated his wife.He never forgave her unholy alliance:a sexual encounterwith a kitchen appliance.And Robot Boygrew to be a young man.Though he was often mistakenfor a garbage can.
Oceangirlie14|I may not be the prettiest butterfly in the garden to seek but, I am still there with my wings.
Grant Morrison, Supergods: What Masked Vigilantes, Miraculous Mutants, and a Sun God from Smallville Can Teach Us About Being Human|Writers and artists build by hand little worlds that they hope might effect change in real minds, in the real world where stories are read. A story can make us cry and laugh, break our hearts, or make us angry enough to change the world.
Drexel Deal, The Fight of My Life is Wrapped Up in My Father|The cane is just not going to cut it. I shared with some of my colleagues that these brothers live in neighborhoods where they are getting whapped with a piece of stick all night, stabbed with knives, and pegged with screwdrivers that have been sharpened down, and they are leaking blood. When you come to a fella without even interviewing him, without sitting him down to find out why you did what you did, your only interest is caning him, because you are burned out and frustrated yourself. You say to him, ‘Bend over, you are getting six.’ And the boy grits his teeth, skin up his face, takes those six cuts, and he is gone. But have you really been effective? Caning him is no big deal, because he’s probably ducking bullets at night. He has a lot more things on his mind than that. On the other hand, we can further send our delinquent students into damnation by telling them they are no body and all we want to do is punish, punish, punish. Here at R.M. Bailey, we have been trying a lot of different things. But at the end of the day, nothing that we do is better than the voice itself. Nothing is better than talking to the child, listening, developing trust, developing a friendship. Feel free to come to me anytime if something is bothering you, because I was your age once before. Charles chuck Mackey, former vice principal and coach of the R. M. Bailey Pacers school.
Hanif Hassan Barbhuiya|We were both holding on to this thing, this monster between us. And now that I saw it, I could almost feel it hovering there, tangible. It was wrapping its stickiness around our throats - and we were helping it. We were grabbing on to it tightly, believing it was part of us. But it wasn't. It was a thing we'd each created. It was a bad wave we'd caught and it had closed out and was holding us down. All we needed to do was let it pass. All we needed to do was stop grabbing at it.
Deyth Banger|There isn't anything bad in eating an white ice cream it really doesn't matter is it in a pail or in a cornet. (You are now thinking... oh, oh, oh an ice cream, I can do one for you. I have loads of just come to "Where I live" and I can fill you with a lot of ice cream. You won't want to go home...). The banana eating, what's bad?? To go in a public and to eat one normal banana,... I'm talking about the fruit called banana which is yellow as an a colour... (O..., o..., (off I hate this moment as far as now when everything in your head is about sex and you just connect it), "I'm sure that you like it", I have one in my home and it's one large you will like it and in the end there is little suprise for the people with patience)...What's bad or awful to eat an a cucumber???? OFFF, OFF, OFF you just again did this you connected it with this... what's bad of choosing sour cream or milk? Off, off, again and again all the time with this pornography it's like it's planted in your mind, like a bomb and in replace of the time you connect everything with pussy and dick. One moment with your dick sperm making it as an a milk, sour cream, ice cream so many faces… Then you connect it and with banana because in reality the banana is kind of fruit which can be sucked so you put replace of banana, your dick... even when you write "woman eating banana" in the google engine it will show some kind a pornography. But why do you connect it??Even with the pussy which cums, how woman touches it... WOW, WOW!
Cassidy Calloway, Secrets of a First Daughter|How about we really steal Brittany's thunder by giving the London paparazzi an exclusive?""What sort of exclusive?""Let's show them how much I love Morgan Abbot.""Love?" Was I really hearing this? "You... are in love with me?""Totally. One hundred percent head over heels in love with you, Morg. Have been ever since you led me on that goofy chase around the White House.
Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, From Under the Rubble|Our present system is unique in world history, because over and above its physical and economic constraints, it demands of us total surrender of our souls, continuous and active participation in the general, conscious lie. To this putrefaction of the soul, this spiritual enslavement, human beings who wish to be human cannot consent. When Caesar, having exacted what is Caesar's, demands still more insistently that we render him what is God's — that is a sacrifice we dare not make!
Anita Baker|I always seem to have a vague feeling that he is a Satan among musicians, a fallen angel in the darkness who is perpetually seeking to fight his way back to happiness.
Miguel Ruiz, The Four Agreements: A Practical Guide to Personal Freedom|For every moment that is past, the angel of death keeps taking the part that is dead and we keeping living in the present. The parasite wants us to carry the past with us and that makes it so heavy to be alive.
César Aira, How I Became a Nun|I had a real life completely separate from beliefs, from the common reality made up of shared beliefs...
Stephen King, The Eyes of the Dragon|I think that real friendship always makes us feel such sweet gratitude, because the world almost always seems like a very hard desert, and the flowers that grow there seem to grow against such high odds.
John Madden|I hate to let people down. I was like that in sports and I was like that in comedy. I was like that at work. When I worked General Motors and stuff like that, when I say something, I mean it.
John Carey|One of history’s most useful tasks is to bring home to us how keenly, honestly and painfully, past generations pursued aims that now seem to us wrong or disgraceful.
Carroll Bryant, Last Flight Out|Lily looks back down at the necklace in her hand that Kavita had given her. "It must have cost a fortune.""It did." He confirms. "Though not nearly as much as you're worth."Lily looks up at him. "Don't say that. You hurt me everytime you speak.
Gloria Steinem|The art of life is not controlling what happens to us, but using what happens to us
P.G. Wodehouse, My Man Jeeves|What ho!" I said."What ho!" said Motty."What ho! What ho!""What ho! What ho! What ho!"After that it seemed rather difficult to go on with the conversation.
Charles Yu, How to Live Safely in a Science Fictional Universe|It marked the beginning and, of course, an end. At that moment a chapter, no, a whole stage of my closed. Had I known, and had there been a spare second or two, I might have allowed myself a little nostalgia.
Cathleen Falsani, Sin Boldly: A Field Guide for Grace|Grace to me is a little bit of extra help when you're feeling stuck or doomed or, probably, hopefully, out of good ideas on how to save yourself, and how to salvage the situation or the friendship or the whatever it is,” Anne Lamott once told me. “I wish it was accompanied by harp music so you could know that's what was happening, but for me it's that extra pause or that extra breath or that extra minute's patience against all odds.” On that first trip to Ireland, grace—the kick-in-the-pants, clarifying, cosmic-pause-button kind of grace—didn't just have a harp. It had an entire soundtrack...
LaVyrle Spencer, Morning Glory|It's unclear who moves first. We're in each other's arms, lips locked, melded, hotly fused. Our hands drag over each other, reacquainting, remembering, almost as if we're both verifying the other one is real flesh and blood.
Idries Shah, Reflections|After Galileo, Einstein and even Freud, we try to hang onto a pathetic sort of significance on this planet and in this universe, that we are in some way more special than anything else. Our supreme arrogance that in some way the world was created for us has neither scientific nor spiritual reality.
Thich Nhat Hanh, The Heart of the Buddha's Teaching: Transforming Suffering into Peace, Joy, and Liberation|The meditation on interdependence is to help one penetrate reality in order to be one with it, not to become caught up in philosophical opinion or meditation methods. The raft is used to cross the river. It isn't to be carried around on your shoulders. The finger which points at the moon isn't the moon itself.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|Frank tugged again with no luck. Even Hazel was trying not to laugh.Frank grimaced with concentration. Suddenly, he disappeared. On the deck where he’d been standing, a green iguana crouched next to an empty set of Chinese handcuffs.“Well done, Frank Zhang,” Leo said dryly, doing his impression of Chiron the centaur. “That is exactly how people beat Chinese handcuffs. They turn into iguanas.
Dave Matthes, Return to the Madlands|The world sees the junk that is going on in the churches, and they don't want any part of it. If we really accept the Great Commission in Matt 28:19, we will put our differences aside, we'll stop asking, 'What is in it for me?' and we will genuinely start loving each other.
Sunday Adelaja|A man can do a lot of damage in the church. When someone comes here, he's got his guard up. But in church a man's wide open.
Quinn Anderson|The analytical framework of this comprehensive field study of what it means to be an American examines how a person’s personality, culture, technology, occupational and recreational activities affect a person’s sense of purposefulness and happiness. The text evaluates the nature of human existence, formation of human social relations, and methods of communication from various philosophic and cultural perspectives. The ultimate goal is to employ the author’s own mind and personal experiences as a filter to quantify what it means to live and die as a thinking and reflective person.
Michael Grant, Gone|Jonah’s hair sprays water each time he flips around, in search of another fish. Droplets shimmer on his skin. He’s really cute. And Hallelujah can’t help but think about last night. About him liking her. He flashes her a smile, and something inside her swoons.
Wally Lamb, I Know This Much Is True|I needed her to stop. Needed not to hear the pain in her voice--to see the way she was twisting the pocketbook strap. If she kept talking, she might break down and tell me everything.
Sanjeev Bhaskar|Caution is the key to safe cycling. I'm aware that cars are bigger than me, but I feel quite safe. I'm in control, liberated and free, when I'm on my bike.
Forrest Curran, Purple Buddha Project: Purple Book of Self-Love|In life hard times will befall you that will create doubt in yourself, and life will ask questions of the authenticity of the person you are. Carrying the lotus means being true to yourself and in the realization that you were always meant to grow above this mud. We are meant to grow, progress, and evolve in this relentless environment of the World and through it all achieve happiness with grace in letting go. Carry the Lotus within; grow and rise above from the harsh and remorseless world beneath you.
Bamigboye Olurotimi|No expensive car can keep life going except, strength for today and bright hope for tomorrow.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Hobbit|No, no! The adventures first, explanations take such a dreadful time.
Mae West, Wit & Wisdom of Mae West|Good girls go to heaven, bad girls go everywhere.
A.E. Via|Oh shit!” Day snapped his fingers at his recollection of something very critical. Why do I always forget about this? “I know exactly where he is…or at least I will in a second.” Day hung up without another word.He pulled up his track-your-lover app on his phone. He never did tell God how he’d found him in that alley in Buckhead. It took a few seconds for the app to open fully before he saw the red dot beeping on the map of their city. You call yourself a detective, God. Pfft. He immediately called his brother back.“Jax, he’s at the Fairfield Lodge in East Point. Please go check on him.” Day didn’t want to sound so pathetic. God had thrown him around and tossed him out like old luggage, but Day loved him and would never want to see God hurt or in need of help but too proud to ask for it.
Juliet Castle, The Silent Partner And Other Stories Of Truth|She wondered how to mourn the death of a son who wasn't dead. And yet the loss of separation made that easy. The idea of pain made pain, where she knew none could possibly truly exist.
Judith Lewis Herman, Trauma and Recovery: The Aftermath of Violence - From Domestic Abuse to Political Terror|Recovery can take place only within then context of relationships; it cannot occur in isolation. In her renewed connection with other people, the survivor re-creates the psychological facilities that were damaged or deformed by the traumatic experience. These faculties include the basic operations of trust, autonomy, initiative, competence, identity, and intimacy.Just as these capabilities are formed in relationships with other people, they must be reformed in such relationships.The first principle of recovery is empowerment of the survivor. She must be the author and arbiter of her own recovery. Others may offer advice, support, assistance, affection, and care, but not cure.Many benevolent and well-intentioned attempts to assist the survivor founder because this basic principle of empowerment is not observed. No intervention that takes power away from the survivor can possibly foster her recovery, no matter how much it appears to be in her immediate best interest.
Daniel Libeskind|When I'm in London, Claridge's is a great favourite. I'm a big fan of art deco architecture and the rooms are extraordinary.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|Be the master of your mind, dwell on positive thoughts.
Shannon L. Alder|Never mix business with religion, or you might end up losing your testimony when the business agreement is no longer something you or Christ would put up with.
Shah Rukh Khan|The great champions were always vicious competitors. You never lose respect for a man who is a vicious competitor, and you never hate a man you respect. I don't like Rod Laver because he's such a vicious competitor, but I don't dislike him.
Jean-André de Luc|[In geology,] As in history, the material in hand remains silent if no questions are asked. The nature of these questions depends on the 'school' to which the geologist belongs and on the objectivity of his investigations. Hans Cloos called this way of interrogation 'the dialogue with the earth,' 'das Gesprach mit der Erde.
Paul Theroux, Ghost Train to the Eastern Star|You think of travellers as bold, but our guilty secret is that travel is one of the laziest ways on earth of passing the time.
Matt Farlow|The cross is the place where heaven meets earth and grace erupts. The cross is the place where Jesus does not simply meet our suffering, but becomes our suffering so as to transform the world.
Graham Harman, Towards Speculative Realism: Essays and Lectures|Only birth can conquer death—the birth , not of the old thing again, but of something new .
Billy Graham, Hope for Each Day: Words of Wisdom and Faith|the greatest evil perpetrated is the evil committed by nobodies, that is, by human beings who refuse to be persons
Seth Godin|Fairness is one of the most significant traits in wisdom, the fairer you are, the wiser you become.
Ben Elliot|The accounting of the sacrifice is, more than anything else, the attitude toward war memorials in our time.
Mary  V. Pate, Now I Have the Best Job in the World: How God Helped Me Through Sabotage in the Workplace|Life is a journey, a ride of endless means and emotions.
Cesar Milstein|While in medical school, I was drafted into the U.S. Army with the other medical students as part of the wartime training program, and naturalized American citizen in 1943. I greatly enjoyed my medical studies, which at the Medical College of Virginia were very clinically oriented.
Kunal Narayan Uniyal|It's the ego, not your soul which progresses when your passion turns into an obsession.
Missy Lyons, Alien Promise|Men were born to protect and love, and our women help us to serve a higher purpose.
David Alejandro Fearnhead|At 23 I thought I knew everything, by 33 I realised I knew nothing.
Shauna Niequist|Like gratitude, authentic appreciation in the workplace is a realisation that can be nurtured and accessed with daily mindful practice. By and large, people who are grateful, happy and enthusiastic are going to demonstrate better performance than those who are unhappy and unappreciative. There is increasing evidence that a grateful mindset amplifies happiness and mental and emotional wellbeing.
Jonathan Kuiper, A Lightworker's Perspective|It wasn’t every day that I got to see him, but when I did I knew I was on the right path and that life, while still shifting, was always improving for the better.
Brett Young|Girls have an unfair advantage over men: if they can't get what they want by being smart, they can get it by being dumb.
Debasish Mridha|As I sit under the moonlit tree, your heart adorns me with the twinkle of stars.
Richard Dawkins, The Selfish Gene|The answer to what we're looking for, fixing the world with love, has to be traced back to something, and we can only trace it back to the God who is love. If we dive into the rest of Genesis and say, "What is this 'day' nonsense? As modern people, we can't believe that," then we have already missed the point.
Sandra Ingerman, Soul Retrieval: Mending the Fragmented Self|The earth will support anything that supports life. What I have found after a soul retrieval is that one cannot "numb out" anymore. Each and every one of us must make personal and planetary decisions to stop abusing life. Whether a person a has to give up an abusive relationship, take a more active political role, or increase awareness of how we continue to abuse our environment, we all now have to be responsible. Being responsible means responding to what is needed. We find a need to wake up and change our reality to a stance of power...
Tim Martin|He (Mario Vargas Llosa) looks grave, transported. And there, I think, is the personality that wrote the books: one in which a subversive comic sense and appetite for the ridiculous jostle with an intense, statesmanlike seriousness about the business of being alive.
John Gray, Perros de paja: Reflexiones sobre los humanos y otros animales|One thing you notice about progress, kid, is that it doesn't happen to everyone.
Lian Hearn, Across the Nightingale Floor|But just as the river is always at the door, so is the world always outside. And it is in the world that we have to live.
Jaron Lanier|If a product's future is unlikely to be remarkable - if you can't imagine a future in which people are once again fascinated by your product - it's time to realize that the game has changed. Instead of investing in a dying product, take profits and reinvest them in building something new.
Katherine Jenkins|Even with protection, even with death threats, I can publish, I can travel and I can live the life that I want and not the one my parents want or some imam somewhere thinks I should live.
Zephyr A. McIntyre|We are as connected to each other, as time is to the clock.
Vanilla Ice|Ostensibly rigorous and realistic, contemporary conservatism is an ideology of denial. Its symbol is a smile button.
Gaston Bachelard, The Poetics of Space|You don’t always win, but every time you lose, you get better.
Anthony T. Hincks|A forest is not a wilderness, but a community of souls who speak to one another on the wind.
Deborah Mailman|Developing a good work ethic is key. Apply yourself at whatever you do, whether you're a janitor or taking your first summer job, because that work ethic will be reflected in everything you do in life.
Zeina Kassem, Crossing|Grief is shameless; it refuses to be ignored. If you let it have its way, it becomes fatal. If you try to remove it piece by piece, it only multiplies like a tumor. And if you try to fight it, it becomes like quicksand; you try to claw your way back to the surface, and for a second you feel the fresh air against your face, thinking you've survived, only to be pulled fiercely back down again, swallowed whole, nothing left.
Roman Coppola|I take a lot from everywhere. I take from music, architecture, novels, and plays. Anywhere that hits you.
Andre Dubus III, House of Sand and Fog|America hadn't really been suited for its long and tiresome role as the Last Superpower, the World's Policeman. As a patriotic American, Oscar was quite content to watch other people's military coming home in boxes for a while. The American national character wasn't suited for global police duties. It never had been. Tidy and meticulous people such as the Swiss and the Swedes were the types who made good cops. America was far better suited to be the World's Movie Star. The world's tequila-addled pro-league bowler. The world's acerbic, bipolar stand-up comedian. Anything but a somber and tedious nation of socially responsible centurions.
Henry Wadsworth Longfellow, The Complete Poems of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow|You are as young as you feel. If you begin to feel the warmth of your soul, there will be a youthfulness in you that no one will be able to take away from you.
Janine Di Giovanni, The Morning They Came for Us: Dispatches from Syria|War means endless waiting, endless boredom. There is no electricity, so no television. You can't read. You can't see friends. You grow depressed but there is no treatment for it and it makes no sense to complain — everyone is as badly off as you. It's hard to fall in love, or rather, hard to stay in love. If you are a teenager, you seem halted in time.If you are critically ill — with cancer, for instance — there is no chemotherapy for you. If you can't leave the country for treatment, you stay and die slowly, and in tremendous pain. Victorian diseases return — polio, typhoid and cholera. You see very sick people around you who seemed in perfectly good health when you last saw them during peacetime. You hear coughing all the time. Everyone hacks — from the dust of destroyed buildings, from disease, from cold.As for your old world, it disappears, like the smoke from a cigarette you can no longer afford to buy. Where are your closest friends? Some have left, others are dead. The few who remain have nothing new to talk about. You can't get to their houses, because the road is blocked by checkpoints. Or snipers take a shot when you leave your door, so you scurry back inside, like a crab retreating inside its shell. Or you might go out on the wrong day and a barrel bomb, dropped by a government helicopter, lands near you.Wartime looks like this.
Steve Maraboli|I will not play it safe!I want to experience the length, depth, and breadth of life. I'm not just here for the victories... I'm here for the scars.
Franny Billingsley, Chime|But witchy magic doesn’t listen to please and pretty please, and anyway, I didn’t really care. I only pretended to care because not caring makes me a monster.
Mohith Agadi|Today, I am doing well in every aspect of my life. But, this is only because I've realized that I can do it.
Dr Deepak Hiwale, aka 'Dr Dee'|Going by current developments, India is sure to catch up - not in 50, but in another 20 years - with America... of the 1860s!Although why anyone would want to ‘catch up with’ even present day America, is beyond comprehension.
The Old Farmer's Alamanac|...Following the bird you lay into a deep turn in the steepening descent. It [the snow] is super soft, bottomless and amazingly light, yet supportive. It feels like something in between floating on top, and within the top of a deep-pile carpet as you link turn after turn down the open glacier. Each side of you are fellow riders, though not too close, whooping with exhilaration and flying down, down towards the valley below. The pitch gets steeper and the slope widens out, with seemingly endless space to the sides and an untracked oblivion ahead and beneath you. Each turn is delicious softness; you can almost feel every snow crystal reacting with the base of your skis. Those skis feel like extensions of your feet, and you connect with the mountain through a portal link created by the snowpack, as the spray from the turn hangs in the air behind you...
Roxanne Snopek, Saving the Sheriff|I don't supposed you'd take on a new job as a nanny?""Live in?" he asked, "I'm not so sure. My grandmother's right next door. She might not approve of the arrangement. Or are we talking about another role-playing game?" He burrowed his chin between her shoulder and neck and whispered into her ear. "Because she wouldn't need to know about that.
Janet Napolitano|When I have a job to do, time means nothing. I lose patience with people who work on a clock.
Dada Bhagwan|Things do not give unhappiness, ignorance (of one’s real Self) does.
Joe Siciliano Sr.|When the tough get going, the going gets easier.
Selena I. R. Drake, Dragon Diaries: The Return of the Dragon Keepers|If you cannot find a soul mate, at least find a foul mate
Jodi Picoult|It's just like John Mayer says in "Slow Dancing in a Burning Room". When it's this bad, you have to get out or you'll get burned.
Deyth Banger|The Horror Writers Podcast, horror is awesome check out them.
Pastor Adelaja Sunday|If you go deeper into the details of your calling, finding out new things about it, seeking wisdom and understanding from God on it, this in itself will cause you to be successful. He that tills his land will be satisfied with bread.
Hans Küng|The Pope would have an easier job than the President of the United States in adopting a change of course. He has no Congress alongside him as a legislative body nor a Supreme Court as a judiciary. He is absolute head of government, legislator and supreme judge in the church. If he wanted to, he could authorize contraception over night, permit the marriage of priests, make possible the ordination of women and allow eucharistic fellowship with this Protestant churches. What would a Pope do who acted in the spirit of Obama?
Erin McKean|You don’t owe prettiness to anyone. Not to your boyfriend/spouse/partner, not to your co-workers, especially not to random men on the street. You don’t owe it to your mother, you don’t owe it to your children, you don’t owe it to civilization in general. Prettiness is not a rent you pay for occupying a space marked ‘female’.
Matt      Chandler, Recovering Redemption: A Gospel Saturated Perspective on How to Change|Why do lazy, minimum effort employees always seem to find places where they feel "underappreciated"?
Ilona Andrews, Burn for Me|He chuckled into my hair. My body decided this would be a fine moment to remember that his body was wrapped around mine and his body was muscular, hard, and hot, and my butt was pressed against his groin. Cuddled up by a dragon. No, thank you. Let me off this train.“If you keep wiggling, things might get uncomfortable,” he said into my ear, his voice like a caress. “I’m doing my best, but thinking about baseball only takes you so far.
Donald L. Hicks, Look into the stillness|It is my business as a Sunday school teacher to instill a divine discontent for the ordinary. Only the best possible is good enough for God. Can you say, 'God, I have done all that I can?
Carla H. Krueger, Slaughterhouse|Dawn cackles as she guides me through the all-glass porch. Thinner, paler Reina shuffles about behind Dawn, watching as I slip my boots off. Although she tries to hide her hands, her fingers flicker nervously. I place my boots neatly on the floor of the porch beside the other pairs in the shadows under the coats. Music drifts through to us from a distant room – it’s the Beach Boys’ California Dreamin’. Dawn looks at me and I smile – they’ve put the record on for me. Dawn nods along happily. ‘Hear you’re a surfer boy!’ she says and she mimics riding a wave.
Joseph Gordon-Levitt|Remember our proud history of social justice, universal health care, public pensions and making sure no one is left behind. Let's continue to move forward.
Harshada Pathare, You Complete Me|Ghosts are just our minds telling us that subconsciously we feel guilty about something we should have done, would have done, but never took the time!
Shannon L. Alder|Insanity is starting over a million times, expecting to feel the spark you never did the first time.
Michael Bloomberg|I'm under the impression that this notion of decency is disappearing from our society where conflicts are made worse on cinema and on television, where people are nasty and cruel on the Internet and where, in general, everybody seems to be very angry.
Nicholas Dodman|And indeed there will be timeTo wonder, 'Do I shed?' and, 'Do I shed?'Time to turn back and stretch out on the bed,And give myself a bath before I'm fed --(They will say: 'It's the short-haired ones I prefer.')My flea collar buckled neatly in my fur,My expression cool and distant but softened by a gentle purr --(They will say: 'I'm allergic to his fur!')Do I dareJump up on the table?In an instant there is timeFor excursions and inversions that will make me seem unst
Man Ray|It has never been my object to record my dreams, just the determination to realize them.
Roy T. Bennett|The value of surrounding yourself with positive people is not what you get from them, but how good a person you have become because of them.
Charles Dickens, Great Expectations|See, they say it’s ‘survival of the fittest’, but you and I really know that it’s ‘survival of the most heavily armed
Dan Chaon, Stay Awake|Tamina serves coffee and calvados to the customers (there aren't all that many, the room being always half empty) and then goes back behind the bar. Almost always there is someone sitting on a barstool, trying to talk to her. Everyone likes Tamina. Because she knows how to listen to people.But is she really listening? Or is she merely looking at them so attentively, so silently? I don't know, and it's not very important. What matters is that she doesn't interrupt anyone. You know what happens when two people talk. One of them speaks and the other breaks in: "It's absolutely the same with me, I..." and starts talking about himself until the first one manages to slip back in with his own "It's absolutely the same with me, I..."The phrase "It's absolutely the same with me, I..." seems to be an approving echo, a way of continuing the other's thought, but that is an illusion: in reality it is a brute revolt against a brutal violence, an effort to free our own ear from bondage and to occupy the enemy's ear by force. Because all of man's life among his kind is nothing other than a battle to seize the ear of others. The whole secret of Tamina's popularity is that she has no desire to talk about herself. She submits to the forces occupying her ear, never saying: "It's absolutely the same with me, I...
Rita Mae Brown|What truly matters is not which party controls our government, but whether our government is controlled by the people. January 20th 2017, will be remembered as the day the people became the rulers of this nation again. The forgotten men and women of our country will be forgotten no longer. Everyone is listening to you now.
Sunday Adelaja|By covetousness, people will exploit you with deceptive words
Yogi Berra, When You Come to a Fork in the Road, Take It!: Inspiration and Wisdom from One of Baseball's Greatest Heroes|But Little League can be a great experience for kids, as long as they want to play--and don't play to bring their parents glory.
Michelle Horst, Predator|Every year, without fail, we outlaw more things, catch more people doing them, and put more of them in jail. The outlawed behavior never goes away, because, directly or indirectly, it's supported by the strong, invisible, unrelenting force called vision. This explains why police officers are much more likely to take up crime than criminals are to take up law enforcement. It's called 'going with the flow.
Abbie Cornish|Writing is a solitary occupation. Family, friends, and society are the natural enemies of the writer. He must be alone, uninterrupted, and slightly savage if he is to sustain and complete an undertaking.
Noah Cicero, The Condemned|When a person screams in pain, the actual pain is only half the noise they make. The other half is the terror at being forced to accept that they exist.
Israelmore Ayivor|The good news is that God gave us imaginations because he wanted us to take a tour into our future, see what’s there for us and then we prepare to relocate into it!
Libba Bray, A Great and Terrible Beauty|on him, under him, with his mouth pressed to hers, he sang to her uncouth songs that moved through her body.
Trish Kaye Lleone, Finding Anna: A Memoir: The True Story of Child Sexual Abuse|I am releasing my own demons of times gone by and seizing the opportunity to find my own corner, my own fortress, my own calm and peace. Life is not unfair... Life is good. In the end, you only have yourself to search for and find…
Tove Jansson, Moominland Midwinter|Propositions are to stories (and to reality) as powdered milk is to what comes from the udder. Propositions are dried-out stories with much of the vitality removed. They may say something technically true, just as powdered milk is still technically a form of milk, but they do not win our hearts and are not enough on which to nourish a life.
J.D. Robb, Imitation in Death|If you tell me I'm sensible in addition to normal and wise, I'm going to punch you in the stomach.
Ava DuVernay|The new year 2015 will be a year of great significance, in which we will mark the 70th anniversaries of national liberation and founding of the Workers' Party of Korea.
Shona Moyce, Blood's Veil|I don't know why, but watching someone else break made me feel a lot less broken.
Mohammed Sekouty|Even in the heart of the darkness ,You will find a spot of light
Louise Penny, A Rule Against Murder|The only thing money really buys?...Space. A bigger house, a bigger car, a larger hotel room. First-class plane tickets. But it doesn't even buy comfort. No one complains more than the rich and entitled. Comfort, security, ease. None of them come with money.
Shannon L. Alder|It was always a mistake, she thought, to dwell on the cause of one's anger.
Stephen King, Bag of Bones|The blazing sun beat down on the concrete of the museum's front yard- Reverend Ryu Yosop felt as if the heat were sucking up all the moisture in his brain and heart. What different colors he and his brother Yohan must have used as each of them painted their own picture of home, of the carnage. These people have constructed yet a different vision of their own, Yosop thought to himself, but it all stems from the same nightmare, the one we created together.
Cheikh Anta Diop, Precolonial Black Africa|I don't understand," Belle cried. "I gave you gold. You only gave me grief.
Donna Tartt, The Secret History|I remember having an argument with Alan, I said the Queen's not just going to call the guy up and send him out to do it. And Alan says, well, how would a monarch give orders to her assassin.
|If you can read this, then you have enough to be thankful for, because if you are still alive, you surely have a shot at making your dreams come true.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|If you don’t have any results to show for all your passing time, then you must have been trivializing time and you must have been living your life carelessly.
~ Fidelis O Mkparu (2016), author of ‘Love’s affliction’|Don’t let anyone trample on your dream, or let the river take you to its destination. Take the river to your own destination. When you find love, hold on to it.
Karen Joy Fowler, We Are All Completely Beside Ourselves|As I was standing in my kitchen cooking yesterday, a quiet task that causes my mind to begin reminiscing (similar to washing dishes, cleaning the bathrooms and mowing), I reached for the kitchen scissors and off I went. Kitchen scissors. Who knew there were special scissors to cut food items? Mom did.
Lisa Bedrick, On the Charismatic Movement|Some people don’t care about Christianity at all unless it can make them drunk or high “in the spirit.” They use and abuse God and Christianity just like they would use any other substance in their life. They search for the experiences, but not God.
Brad Meltzer, The Inner Circle|History isn't written by the winners - it's written by everyone - it's a jigsaw of facts from contradictory sources. But every once in a while, you unearth that one original document that no one can argue with...
Shawn Lukas|Collaboration is key, it takes innovation and creativity to the next room.
Mariah Huehner, Whedonistas!: A Celebration of the Worlds of Joss Whedon by the Women Who Love Them|Writers, by nature, are going to be slightly more delusional than others because we're dreamers, we imagine the unlikely, that's how we create... Rather than hoping my delusion becomes a reality, I'd prefer to keep on being deluded, to dream bigger and to imagine greater. My greater worry would be becoming less delusional .
Mehmet Murat ildan|When your situation seems pathless and hopeless, this happens just because your mind is not talented enough to find a hope and to create a path!
Joanne Harris, Runemarks|Gods? Don't let that impress you. Anyone can be a god if they have enough worshippers. You don't even have to have powers anymore. In my time I've seen theatre gods, gladiator gods, even storyteller gods - you people see gods everywhere. Gives you an excuse for not thinking for yourselves.God is just a word. Like Fury. like demon, Just words people use for things they don't understand. Reverse it and you get dog. It's just as appropriate.
Dag Hammarskjöld, Markings|I will come to you, my friend, when I no longer need you. Then you will find a palace, not an almshouse.
Bernard Beckett|It's important to celebrate your failures as much as your successes. If you celebrate your failures really well, and if you get to the motto and say, 'Wow, I failed, I tried, I was wrong, I learned something,' then you realize you have no fear, and when your fear goes away, you can move the world.
Sarah Palin|The Constitution. . . illustrates the complexity of the American system: that it serves the interests of a wealthy elite, but also does enough for small property owners, for middle-income mechanics and farmers, to build a broad base of support. The slightly prosperous people who make up this base of support are buffers against the blacks, the Indians, the very poor whites. They enable the elite to keep control with a minimum of coercion, a maximum of law--all made palatable by the fanfare of patriotism and unity.
Jamie Arpin-Ricci, The Cost of Community: Jesus, St. Francis and Life in the Kingdom|Rather than elevating poverty to a form of righteousness, Jesus is instead calling for a revolution of imagination around the nature of what we consider true blessing.
Dada Bhagwan|Pointing out people’s mistakes, having intention to take advantage of people, keeps one bound to a worldly life (sansaar).
Victor Hugo, Les Misérables|The supreme happiness of life is the conviction that we are loved; loved for ourselves—say rather, loved in spite of ourselves.
Brandon Sanderson, The Final Empire|I'm not really sure why. But... do you stop loving someone just because they betray you? I don't think so. That's what makes the betrayal hurt so much - pain, frustration, anger... and I still loved her. I still do.
Tawny Lara|The more I accomplish, the more I know I'm capable of accomplishing.
Charles L. Bailey Jr., In the Shadow of the Cross|Evil" is an inverted anagram of "live." As we live our life, learn to tame our own private demons and conquer evil with a good, pure, humble, courageous, patient heart.
Vironika Tugaleva|Of course you have passions and talents. Of course you have some purpose in the world. Your emotions are guiding you towards it. Each time you discover something that you like or something that you hate, you discover yourself. Everyone can do this. If you didn't like some things more than others, you'd be living in a sewer eating grass. More often than not, it's those things you think are too weird, too personal, or too imperfect that you must share. The world does not await your perfection. It awaits your courage and your honesty. Let yourself be seen.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|One of the most terrifying questions of all might be, ‘Will I unleash myself to live before death unleashes me from the ability to be unleashed?’ And in retrospect, maybe it’s not the question that’s terrifying. Maybe what’s terrifying is the answer.
Lewis Carroll, Through the Looking-Glass, and What Alice Found There|What do you suppose is the use of a child without any meaning? Even a joke should have some meaning-- and a child's more imporant than a joke, I hope. You couldn't deny that, even if you tried with both hands.
Richelle Mead, Spirit Bound|Are you super strong? Can you be hurt?""Of course I can," replied Dimitri. "I'm strong, but all sorts of things can still hurt me."And then being Rose Hathaway, I said something I really shouldn't have to the boy. "You should go punch him and find out."Jonathan's mother screamed again, but he was a fast little bastard, eluding her grasp. He ran up to Dimitri before anyone could stop him-well, I could have-and pounded his tiny fist against Dimitri's knee.Then, which the same reflexes that allowed him to dodge enemy attacks, Dimitri immediately feinted falling backward, as though Jonathan had knocked him over. Clutching his knee, Dimitri groaned as though he were in terrible pain.Several people laughed, and by then, one of the other guardians had caught hold of Jonathan and returned him to his near-hysterical mother. As he was being dragged away, Jonathan glanced over his shoulder at Dimitri. "He doesn't seem very strong to me. I don't think he's a Strigoi.
Gregory Stock|I don't know what the future holds, but I have to be confident about it. It's just the way I am.
Irving Kirsch, The Emperor's New Drugs: Exploding the Antidepressant Myth|For people who are depressed, and especially for those who do not receive enough benefit from medication of for whom the side effects of antidepressants are troubling, the fact that placebos can duplicate much of the effects of antidepressants should be taken as good news. It means that there are other ways of alleviating depression. As we have seen, treatments like psychotherapy and physical exercise are at least as effective as antidepressant drugs and more effective than placebos. In particular, CBT has been shown to lower the risk of relapsing into depression for years after treatment has ended, making it particularly cost effective.
Nicole Kidman|It's a very brave thing to fall in love. You have to be willing to trust somebody else with your whole being, and that's very difficult, really difficult and very brave.
Robert J. Shiller|Through the years, I, like you, have experienced pressures and disappointments that would have crushed me had I not been able to draw upon a source of wisdom and strength far greater than my own. He has never forgotten or forsaken me, and I have come to know for myself that Jesus is the Christ and that this is His Church.
P. J. O'Rourke|Do the thing we fear, and death of fear is certain.
Marty Rubin|Try to live with whatever you can afford and avoid putting yourself in an awkward position of thinking how you can afford what you have failed to afford, please free your life on earth.
Miguel Ruiz, The Four Agreements: A Practical Guide to Personal Freedom|We can't control on how each day will fall, but we can control how we fall into each day. Learn to make adjustments to match the circumstances.
Emalynne Wilder, Infinite Dolls|I've never feared death before. I’ve always been willing to die. Sometimes I even welcomed it, wishing for this all to be over and finally find peace in an endless sleep. But when I look at you, I see possibility, and I start to do what I know better than to do—I wonder
Ann Patchett, Commonwealth|One day you’re going to get arrested, and when you do, don’t call me. I’ll tell the police to lock you up just to teach you a lesson.” Because there were some black parents who’d actually do that, not pay their kid’s bail, not hire their kid a lawyer—the ultimate tough love. But it doesn’t always work, because you’re giving the kid tough love when maybe he just needs love. You’re trying to teach him a lesson, and now that lesson is the rest of his life.
|I had a dream about you. You were so cute, and I was holding you for a long time. We went for a walk, happily strutting down the street. We saw a couple others but they weren’t having as much fun as we were. We arrived back home and I gave you a kiss on the nose and a bone.
Sally Rooney, Conversations with Friends|Maybe niceness is the wrong metric, I said. Of course it's really about power, Bobbi agreed. But it's harder to work out who has the power, so instead we rely on 'niceness' as a kind of stand-in. I mean this is an issue in public discourse. We end up asking like, is Israel 'nicer' than Palestine.
Karl Marx|Censorship always defeats it own purpose, for it creates in the end the kind of society that is incapable of exercising real discretion.
Rachel  Morgan, The Faerie Guardian|Colors shift like smoke within the branch beneath our feet. Sprites jump from leaf to leaf, leaving sprinklings of glittery dust in the air behind them. Droplets of water are strung like pearls from the silver strands of a spider’s web. Bluebottle glow-bugs stick to the leaves and branches, lighting up the night with their blue-green bodies. And high above us, clouds are draped like sashes of color across the sky. Amethyst, azure, jade.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The universe contains many planets which make it what it is – a unified system. In addition, our bodies contain many organs, and each part is congruent to a planet in our solar system. The universe we see out our eyes is a mirror of what is within us. This is what God meant by making man in his image. We are all made as a reflection of God and that reflection of him is within us. Furthermore, not only are all religions connected to the same Truth, or Cosmic Heart, but this concept is also mirrored in the pantheons of ancient religions, where each of the many gods simply represented one set of characteristics of the ONE. And in all cases, these many gods symbolized the planets, therefore mimicking the different parts of the universe and the ONE God’s many mirrors (He Who is All). The structure behind all polytheistic religions of the past and present is one and the same. They are all built on the same foundation as Nature.
Rainer Maria Rilke|we want it visible	to showwhen even the most 	visible joy		will reveal itselfonly when we have		transformed it within.there’s nowhere, my love, the world can existexpect within.
Larry McMurtry, Lonesome Dove|It was something he had always done - moved apart, so he could be alone and think things or a little.
Nataša Nuit Pantović, Mindful Being|Our Mind is constantly active. Seeking stillness within the Mind that is in motion is impossible if you do not use the motion itself. When the surface of a lake is still, we will be able to see, experience, intuitively sense the ocean of our sub-conscious and to tap into the magic of super-conscious. This is impossible when the surface is agitated by waves of our thoughts, emotions, habits, fears.
Jill Santopolo, Summer Love|Most insensible, corrupt, cheap, disrespectful young girls run after bad, rude, cocky, nonsensical boys, but a mature, educated, thoughtful, virtuos lady opts for a wise, well breed, experienced, humble, modest gentleman.
Damian Marley|I was never close to Jerry Falwell because he had his ministry, I had mine. And we came from different theological training and from a different psychological education.
Francis A. Schaeffer, The God Who Is There|The biblical lifestyle is always a witness of resistance to the status quo in politics, economics, and all society. It is a witness of resurrection from death. Paradoxically, those who embark on the biblical witness constantly risk death - through execution, exile, imprisonment, persecution, defamation, or harassment - at the behest of the rulers of this age. Yet those who do not resist the rulers of the present darkness are consigned to a moral death, the death of their humanness. That, of all the ways of dying, is the most ignominious.
Fredrik Backman, Britt-Marie Was Here|There are certainly a good number of alternatives to "shit," if you have a particular need to express such a feeling.
Francis Bacon|Hana?" Lena says softly. "Are you okay?"That single stupid question breaks me. All the metal fingers relax me at once, and the tears they've been holding back come surging up at once. Suddenly I am sobbing and telling her everything: about the raid, and the dogs, and the sounds of skulls cracking underneath regulator's nightsticks. Thinking about it again makes me feel like I might puke. At a certain point, Lena puts her arms around me and starts murmuring things into my hair. I don't even know what she's saying, and I don't care. JUst having her here—solid, real, on my side—makes me feel better than I have in weeks. Slowly I manage to stop crying, swallowing back the hiccups and sobs that are still running through me. I try to tell her that I've missed her, and that I've been stupid and wrong, but my voice is muffled and thick
Glen Duncan, Talulla Rising|Life's generally artless, but it does get these occasional hard-ons for plot. It connects things, nefariously, behind yor back, and before you know it you're in a final act of a lousy movie. A lousy horror-movine, usually...
C.G. Jung|You do not have an inferior function, it has you.
Deborah Brodie|While it is easy to blame the hand of the abuser, when that hand no longer is raised against you, why do you continue to feel the burn of its touch?
Ray Bradbury, Zen in the Art of Writing|I have never listened to anyone who criticized my taste in space travel, sideshows or gorillas. When this occurs, I pack up my dinosaurs and leave the room.
Michael Smith, The Present|When you see the truth for the first time, it is what people call a peak moment, or a moment of clarity. You get a larger percentage of what each moment of life actually contains; you are filled with life. Your mind is the gatekeeper of life, and sometimes it lets a little true life in, but most of the time it does not.Without the mind blocking life, you receive all of life, true life, and reflect it all back out.Seeing Niagara Falls or the Grand Canyon for the first time is a peak moment for most people. Why does it make you feel so alive? Nothing really happens to you. Why doesn’t it feel as good the second time you see it? You are seeing the same thing. The reason is, your mind opens up when something is special.The truth is, every moment of life is special, and you can be completely open to life most of the time. You have to see the truth to see true life.
T.S. Eliot|If you haven’t the strength to impose your own terms upon life, then you must accept the terms it offers you.
Toni Sorenson|Some people have to leave your life because their very presence prevents, perverts & distorts your purpose. Don't be afraid to let go.
E. Lockhart, The Disreputable History of Frankie Landau-Banks|I used to think that sharing secrets always brought people closer. So I revealed secrets I did not want known in order to feel closer to someone. Oh, the loss I felt when I found out the secrets that I had held dear, that were so difficult to say out loud, that I had kept to myself, were being spread around the next day as if they were nothing! I think that was the moment I realized that pouring your heart out to someone might not bring you closer but in fact make you poorer instead. I even though maybe growing close to someone was better achieved by empathizing in silence.
Johnny Depp|People say I make strange choices, but they’re not strange for me. My sickness is that I’m fascinated by human behavior, by what’s underneath the surface, by the worlds inside people.
Dalai Lama XIV, How to Expand Love: Widening the Circle of Loving Relationships|Anger is the mirror image of fear. It begins as fear, and is expressed outwardly as anger.
David Levithan, The Lover's Dictionary|The way you argued with me, you would have thought that we were debating the existence of God or whether or not we should move in together. These kinds of fights can never be won – even if you’re the victor, you’ve hurt the other person, and there has to be some loss associated with that.
J.R. Rim|The most ironic thing was that, the thing she valued the most was freedom. For according to her, happiness can never occur in bondage. In spite of the fact that death will set her free from all humanly bondages, she wanted to live, let life be the only bondage she was tied with. She wanted it. That one single bondage, to live boundlessly.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|We are designed with a dreaming brain and a hopeful spirit; it is our nature to envision the life of our dreams. And while dreaming comes easy to us, we must never forget that it takes strength, dedication, and courageous action to bring that dream to life
Temitayo Olami|Sometimes I really can't express how much I feel, but I can tell for a fact that some past years have been a victorious rollercoaster ride with God in it. Some days colourful, some days black and white, some days faith bigger than a mustard seed, other days I'm filled with blind doubt about what tomorrow holds. But in all of this, I'm beautifully me and constantly running the race through the father's grace
Paulo Coelho, The Devil and Miss Prym|And one more thing: you still believe that man can be good. If that weren't the case, you wouldn't have invented all this nonsense to convince yourself otherwise.
Herman Melville, Moby-Dick or, The Whale|There’s a divinity that shapes our ends,Rough-hew them how we will
Bertrand Russell, Marriage and Morals|When a child reaches adolescence, there is very apt to be a conflict between parents and child, since the latter considers himself to be by now quite capable of managing his own affairs, while the former are filled with parental solicitude, which is often a disguise for love of power. Parents consider, usually, that the various moral problems which arise in adolescence are peculiarly their province. The opinions they express, however, are so dogmatic that the young seldom confide in them, and usually go their own way in secret.
Cecelia Ahern, The Time of My Life|Perhaps there really is a good that exists; for a century of darkness to be eschewed by a single flame; for a decade of evil done to the heart to be undone by simple and unplanned acts of kindness! There must be a goodness, after all! But we don't find it when we're looking for it; not in church, not in a cathedral, not even in our own homes! We find it when we've fallen down so hard, are downtrodden so low; and there is one true friend who picks us up; or one random person who takes us in! And we realize goodness was never in the places we thought it was! It was all along in the most humble of places: bound up in the heart of a true friend.
Harry Whitewolf, Underdogs Unite|The U.K. should begin with an FAnd have a C after the U,And it should end in E DNow that we’ve left the E.U.
Chris Prentiss, Zen and the Art of Happiness|If I were to create a word that more accurately describes alcoholism and addiction, I would say it was dependencyism. Sounds silly, doesn't it? Yet it's no sillier than the word alcoholism. The reason alcoholism no longer sounds silly to you is because you're used to hearing it, reading it, and thinking about it.
Brené Brown|What we are teaches the child far more than what we say, so we must be what we want our children to become.
Edward Lewellen|If the choices you make are not quality, don't put them on the top shelf.
Deyth Banger|The world of being is unchangeable, rigid, exact, delightful to the mathematician, the logician, the builder of metaphysical systems, and all who love perfection more than life. The world of existence is fleeting, vague, without sharp boundaries, without any clear plan or arrangement, but it contains all thoughts and feelings, all the data of sense, and all physical objects, everything that can do either good or harm, everything that makes any difference to the value of life and the world. According to our temperaments, we shall prefer the contemplation of the one or of the other.
Brian   Joyce, The B-Side Diaries|Dream-start with dream. Start tonight-become who you want-dream big!" He became animated at this point, "No money needed for dreams. Dreams are free.
Emme Rollins, Dear Rockstar|Sometimes there’s no cure for the crazy.” Dale sighed, stroking my hair. “I think we all just have to keep loving through it. Maybe that’s the cure.
H.G. Wells|The past is but the beginning of a beginning, and all that is and has been is but the twilight of the dawn.
Milo Yiannopoulos|Make women rational creatures, and free citizens, and they will quickly become good wives; - that is, if men do not neglect the duties of husbands and fathers.
Carl Honore|It all comes back to the basics. Serve customers the best-tasting food at a good value in a clean, comfortable restaurant, and they'll keep coming back.
Avijeet Das|Life is truly lived only when we discover other faiths, festivals, languages and cultures.
Jewel, Never Broken: Songs Are Only Half the Story|Reality wins, and I'd rather see the truth than stay in love with a fantasy.
Debasish Mridha|Life is as precious to us as it is for an animal. An animal is as loving, caring, and kind to her children as we are. She might not be able to tell us but she can express it through her eyes and expressions. She feels joy and happiness. She is helpless in our cruel hands and vulnerable to our vicious greed. Let us be kind to animals. Let us learn to feel their pain. Can we kill a helpless baby to feed our greed? Then how can we kill helpless animal friends that can’t talk? Often we kill just for fun. How funny would it be if an animal killed a human just for fun? Let us be kind to animals as much as possible. I know we can. It is easier to love an animal than a human being. If you love an animal, it will rarely hurt you. Let us practice kindness and compassion to animals so that we may create a peaceful world.
Mari Carr, Tequila Truth|Colt, you’re a cop. I’m fairly certain you realize what you are proposing is illegal. As in bigamy.”He laughed. “You don’t legally marry us both. Just one of us. Then the three of us make our own private vows.”“Fine,” she leaned back and gave him a smug look as if expecting her next question to jar some sense into them. “Who am I going to legally marry?”He grinned at her transparency. Obviously, she thought this was going to be a sticking point. “We’ll arm wrestle to decide that.
Mark Sherman Smeester|Every guard and every weapon have one weakness in common, and that is who wields them.
Debasish Mridha|To help humanity, live with kindness and harmony.
Mark W. Boyer|To me, its just a word, a word whose power is owned by the user and his or her intention. People give words power, so banning a word is futile, really. 'Nigga' becomes 'porch monkey' becomes 'coon' and so on if that's what's in a person's heart. They key is to change the person. And we change people through conversation, not through censorship.
John Ortberg, The Life You've Always Wanted: Spiritual Disciplines for Ordinary People|Sometimes you have to do things you don't want to do but you suck it up and do it anyway, and that's what teaches you humility, work ethic, responsibility, and follow-through.
Brian   Cook, The Thin Blue Line: Perception is Deception|Instead of casting aspersions at the process, why don’t you redirect your energy towards something more advantageous, like finally completing the Program!
Dave Barry|Violence and smut are of course everywhere on the airwaves. You cannot turn on your television without seeing them, although sometimes you have to hunt around.
Giselle Fox, Sun Catcher: Book One|She flicked off the light and was about to step out onto the balcony when she heard a familiar sound. She smiled and went to the rail. “Now I’ve seen everything,” she whispered as Lexi climbed down onto the balcony. They looked at one another for a moment without saying a word. Cate felt her heart race as Lexi’s dark eyes penetrated through her mask like lasers. Lexi reached for her and pulled her inside.
Debasish Mridha|You don’t need money to be kind, but you cannot be kind without a heart.
Sophie Dash, To Wed a Rebel|Give her books, where other people did all the running around and courting; it was far easier to read about such matters than to experience them herself.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|Do your best in the day, for the day, and then work on tomorrow when it comes. Show yourself grace and laugh at yourself.
C.S. Lewis, On Stories: And Other Essays on Literature|Hence the uneasiness which they arouse in those who, for whatever reason, wish to keep us wholly imprisoned in the immediate conflict. That perhaps is why people are so ready with the charge of "escape." I never fully understood it till my friend Professor Tolkien asked me the very simple question, "What class of men would you expect to be most preoccupied with, and hostile to, the idea of escape?" and gave the obvious answer: jailers.
Mir Amman, A Tale of Four Dervishes|You talk a lot about this amazing flow of time but you hardly see it. you see a women, you think that one day she'll be old, only you don't see her grow old. But there are moments when you think you see her grow old and feel yourself growing old with her: this is the feeling of adventure.
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|There is no perfect fit when you're looking for the next big thing to do. You have to take opportunities and make an opportunity fit for you, rather than the other way around.
Janet Fitch|Remember it all, every insult, every tear. Tattoo it on the inside of your mind. In life, knowledge of poisons is essential. I've told you, nobody becomes an artist unless they have to.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|An apparent misfortune of man is that neither good nor evil is an agency itself; both are equally passive choices. Man himself is the ultimate agency. He has the power to realize and activate the dead options. Only then, that is, by the action of Will, good results in good and evil in evil.
Mark Zuckerberg|One of the challenges in networking is everybody thinks it's making cold calls to strangers. Actually, it's the people who already have strong trust relationships with you, who know you're dedicated, smart, a team player, who can help you.
Alain de Botton|To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves - there lies the great, singular power of self-respect.
C.S. Lewis, The Screwtape Letters|But I was living my life sideway. I did not act on what I wanted, I did not say the things I thought, and being so stifled and clamped all the time left me exhausted; no matter what I was doing, I was always imagining something else.
N.T. Wright, Surprised by Hope: Rethinking Heaven, the Resurrection, and the Mission of the Church|Note, though, something else of great significance about the whole Christian theology of resurrection, ascension, second coming, and hope. This theology was born out of confrontation with the political authorities, out of the conviction that Jesus was already the true Lord of the world who would one day be manifested as such. The rapture theology avoids this confrontation because it suggests that Christians will miraculously be removed from this wicked world. Perhaps that is why such theology is often Gnostic in its tendency towards a private dualistic spirituality and towards a political laissez-faire quietism. And perhaps that is partly why such theology with its dreams of Armageddon, has quietly supported the political status quo in a way that Paul would never have done.
Arthur Henry King|Abundance of the Heart. He describes an experience with nature and his father. An environment of trust can have to do with a special experience, a place, another person, or people.My first real discovery of nature in life came one morning in April 1916. My father put me on the back of his bike, where I had a little seat, and said, "Off we go." And then he turned in the wrong direction for I thought he was taking me down to Quakers' meeting--it was a Sunday. "No," he said, "we are going somewhere else today." And we rode for about eight miles, and we stopped at a wood. . . . We went into the wood; and there, suddenly, was a great pool of bluebells stretching for perhaps a hundred yards in the shade of the oak trees. And I could scarcely breathe because the impression was so great. The experience then was just the bluebells and the scent; now, when I recall it, it is also the love of my father who chose to do that that morning--to give me that experience. I am sure he had been there the day before, found it, and thought, "I'll take my son there." As we rode there and as we rode back, we heard the distant thud of the guns at the Battle of the Somme, where thousands were dying every day. That overwhelming experience of a natural phenomenon, a demonstration of beneficent creation, and at the same time hearing those guns on the Somme--that experience has remained with me almost more clearly than anything else in my life. [The Abundance of the Heart (Salt Lake City: Bookcraft, 1986), p. 88] 
Ralph Waldo Emerson|I have no objection to instruments of music in our worship, provided they are neither seen nor heard.
Frank Borman|I don't understand why when I wish for happiness it inevitably rains. However, I do tend to find myself grateful for sunlight once the storm ceases.
Jenny Downham, You Against Me|Parents don't know their children at all.No one knows anyone, in fact.
Dada Bhagwan|All day long, one continues to suffer sweet or bitter fruits. This life has been attained for the purpose of experiencing!
Catherine DePasquale, Vocation|Change doesn’t always mean instability, you know. Being dormant? Now that’s crippling, much worse than change.
Amber Hurdle, The Bombshell Business Woman: How to Become a Bold, Brave, and Successful Female Entrepreneur|If you choose the right vendors, your collective and sincere motives should establish both trust & grace on both sides of the relationship.
Bill Gates|Everything has seasons, and we have to be able to recognize when something's time has passed and be able to move into the next season. Everything that is alive requires pruning as well, which is a great metaphor for endings.
Sunday Adelaja, How To Become Great Through Time Conversion: Are you wasting time, spending time or investing time?|When you invest your life, you are multiplying it.
C.S. Lewis|We may ignore, but we can nowhere evade the presence of God. The world is crowded with Him. He walks everywhere incognito.
Kirsty Moseley, The Boy Who Sneaks in My Bedroom Window|Locks or no locks, you're not going to cage me in.
Anusha Atukorala|You cannot disown what is yours. Flung out, there is always the return, the reckoning, the revenge, perhaps the reconciliation. There is always the return. And the wound will take you there.
Ellen J. Barrier, How to Trust God When All Other Resources Have Failed|A thankful and a contented spirit is a continual feast. We ought to be contented, and we shall be contented, if we are in the habit of seeing God in everything, and living upon Him day by day. Oh, for a spirit of true thankfulness!
Chrissy Teigen|I was one of the first six black kids to integrate a formerly all-white school. I remember being looked at all the time and people laughing at my hair. I was also very self-conscious about the food I had for lunch. I had egg sandwiches, and the other mothers gave kids fancy stuff like bologna and Marmite. It took about a year to settle in.
Orson Scott Card, How to Write Science Fiction & Fantasy|Take a scientific fact or theory, add a futuristic or other-worldly setting, stir in an imaginative plot and fascinating characters, and a science fiction novel emerges from the cosmic mix.
Suzanne Brockmann, Headed for Trouble|You have no idea how much I appreciate your friendship,” Jules said. Sam held out several bills. “Yeah, actually I do,” he said. “It’s probably as much as I appreciate yours.
Raheel Farooq|Speak of evil, and you summon it.
Daniel Wallock, Right-Hearted: Finding What's Right With a Wrong-Sided Heart|What difference does it make whether your work is appreciated or not? The work will still be yours. Anyway, most of us are only appreciated after we are dead.
John Patrick Hickey, Oops! Did I Really Post That|I believe that when a person has hope in the future, believe in their ability to achieve and understand that God made them for a purpose, then they will, in the end, and achieve great things.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|The journey I'm taking is inside me. Just like blood travels down veins, what I'm seeing is my inner self and what seems threatening is just the echo of the fear in my heart.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Mirroring is simply the process of discreetly matching and mirroring the subtle behaviors and qualities of the person with whom you are connecting. It's a form of behavioral reflection that unconsciously reveals, "We're more alike than we are different.
Lailah Gifty Akita|All Pieces of puzzle set on right place, but it'll take time & dedication !!
John Steinbeck, East of Eden|It seems to me that if you or I must choose between two courses of thought or action, we should remember our dying and try so to live that our death brings no pleasure to the world.
Nh. Dini, Proses Kreatif: Mengapa dan Bagaimana Saya Mengarang|Dalam mengarang saya tidak pernah tergesa-gesa. Saya anggap pekerjaan mengarang adalah tugas yang santai, yang harus dikerjakan dengan senang hati. Kalau saya menulisnya dengan terburu-buru, berarti dengan hati yang kesal, maka dapat dipastikan bahwa si pembaca pun akan merasakannya.
Thomas Hardy, Jude the Obscure|I have no fear of men, as such, nor of their books. I have mixed with them--one or two of them particularly-- almost as one of their own sex. I mean I have not felt about them as most women are taught to feel--to be on their guard against attacks on their virtue; for no average man-- no man short of a sensual savage--will molest a woman by day or night, at home or abroad, unless she invites him. Until she says by a look 'Come on' he is always afraid to, and if you never say it, or look it, he never comes.
Watchman Nee|God’s Word tells us that God has spoken of old in many portions and in many ways through His servants concerning His heart’s desire and that He loves us. But man did not understand. Therefore, God had to personally come to this world and become a man. This man is Jesus, the Christ, whom we know.
Euginia Herlihy|God had assigned us with our dreams, visions and callings before the foundations of the earth; it's up to us to allow ourselves to have an access to those dreams, visions and callings.
Solange nicole|But in reality, with Mr. Ellison there is an essence of probity about him; unlike Dorian Grey, him and his hidden portrait are both wonderful. When he speaks there is a certain intonation he gets that reveals so much about him, that you can't help but to feel rapt, and so few get to hear his unspoken thought because they are fixated on the bling and the big show.
Robert Kiyosaki|Nobody grows old merely by living a number of years. We grow old by deserting our ideals. Years may wrinkle the skin, but to give up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul.
P.K. Hrezo, Butterman (Time) Travel, Inc.|How often do we truly feel accepted?Are we aware of the collateral effects inflicted when we reject someone or something? How do we move on from a state of constant rejection?How do we gratefully accept rejection?With acceptance, we grow not in a constant state of rejection.
J.M. Barrie|It is humiliating to have to confess that this conceit of Peter was one of his most fascinating qualities. To put it with brutal frankness, there never was a cockier boy.
Lionel Suggs|Men have grown embarrassingly weak, but only through observation. Their resolve can easily be broken by a woman. Their emotions can be easily manipulated by a woman. Their power can be easily taken by a woman. Their pride can be easily stripped by a woman. Their entire life can easily be ruined by a woman. While physically stronger, their manipulative prowess can be wittingly outclassed by a woman. And while their dreams are stronger, the realities of women are stronger.
Elizabeth McCracken|If life is a checker game, someone else is moving the pieces. It isn't us. Don't be surprised by amazing coincidences. There are no accidents. Consider, as I learned to do, the incredible interconnectedness of all of life.
Ross  Turner, Midnight|If there was one advantage of the numerous lifetimes he’d been forced to endure, it was undoubtedly knowledge.
Sunday Adelaja|For every physical realm, there is a spiritual realm
David Ebershoff|The view of Jerusalem is the history of the world; it is more, it is the history of earth and of heaven.
Wendell Berry|I believe until fairly recently our destructions of nature were more or less unwitting -- the by-products, so to speak, of our ignorance or weakness or depravity. It is our present principled and elaborately rationalized rape and plunder of the natural world that is a new thing under the sun.
Santosh Kalwar|The secret of happiness is freedom but to be totally free you need to earn: courage, persistence and boldness.
Ashleigh Z., Under The Cypress Tree|Stop crying over someone who killed you, start crying over someone who made an effort to fix you.
Jim Morrison|I've noticed that when people are joking they're usually dead serious, and when they're serious, they're usually pretty funny.
Sherry D Ficklin|I believe that destiny, and anything that is truly meant to be, will always find a way to right itself.
Munindra Misra, Eddies of Life|When I looked at myself through the prism of awareness, great tears came as I connected with how this wounded child felt.
Steve Maraboli|Our thoughts and desires are based in hope, but our behaviors are based in fear. This misalignment often causes a feeling of hopelessness and continues the cycle of feeding outdated ideologies and Guru genres offering gimmicks to anesthetize the pain.
Jennifer Egan|And then I notice the music flooding out of every part of the apartment at once — the couch, the walls, even the floor — and I know Bennies alone in Lou’s studio, pouring music down around us. A minute ago it was “Don’t Let Me Down”. Then it was Blondie’s “Heart of Glass”. Now it’s Iggy Pop’s “The Passenger”. Listening, I think, You will never know how much I understand you.
Jennifer Hudson Taylor, Highland Blessings|Bad bloods aren't born evil or dangerous. We are taught to be, but only because we have to if we want to survive.
Andrew Sean Greer, The Story of a Marriage|Change was not something you waited for, quietly, mutely, in a house by the ocean, nothing would ever change unless we forced it into shape.
Patricia Briggs|He didn't say anything more, just waited for me to tell him what I'd been thinking. It was pure speculation, and I was opening myself up to ridicule by saying anything at all. I sat on the stool and realized that I had my loyalties, too.
Jennifer A. Doudna, A Crack in Creation: Gene Editing and the Unthinkable Power to Control Evolution|in 2011, Rachel and I founded a company called Caribou Biosciences to commercialize the Cas proteins.
Fennel Hudson, Traditional Angling - Fennel's Journal - No. 6|The act of fishing – for fish, dreams or whatever magic is available – is enough.
Susan C. Young|Think of a time when you felt happy, healthy, powerful, energetic, strong, confident, or serene. Step back into that memory and remember what it felt like. Breathe it, feel it, and recreate it. If you are ever in a place where change has disrupted your flow or shifted your foundation, you can use your memories to reground you. Bring these positive emotions forward to change your state and get yourself unstuck.
Teri Terry, Shattered|Well, The Year Is Finally Wrapped up, Looking Back, I Made Mistakes Along Just like The Next Man, As a Matter of Fact, I Have Wronged, Disappointed, Been Inpatient a Little Insecure, Been Out of Control and at Times Hard to Bare With.My Prayer Dear Family and Friend is That You Forgive Me and Continue to Bare With Me as I Look Upon Myself and Work on Myself on The Next Coming Years, I Haven't Been The Best of Friends But Sure I Will As I Continue To Seek God's Enlightenment and Wisdom. I Love You All and Bless You In God's Name.
George Cardinal Pell, God and Caesar: Selected Essays on Religion, Politics, and Society|Theology without proclamation is empty, proclamation without theology is blind.
Todd Stocker, Dancing with God: First Year Thoughts on the Loss of My Daughter|Our country is a place where hope can be born and great companies, organizations and non-profits can spring up from an idea birthed on the back of a coffee-shop napkin.
Patrick Henry|Churchill: "Madam, would you sleep with me for five million pounds?" Socialite: "My goodness, Mr. Churchill... Well, I suppose... we would have to discuss terms, of course... "Churchill: "Would you sleep with me for five pounds?"Socialite: "Mr. Churchill, what kind of woman do you think I am?!" Churchill: "Madam, we've already established that. Now we are haggling about the price
John Clare, "I Am": The Selected Poetry of John Clare|I am—yet what I am none cares or knows; My friends forsake me like a memory lost: I am the self-consumer of my woes— They rise and vanish in oblivious host, Like shadows in love’s frenzied stifled throes And yet I am, and live—like vapours tossed Into the nothingness of scorn and noise, Into the living sea of waking dreams, Where there is neither sense of life or joys, But the vast shipwreck of my life’s esteems; Even the dearest that I loved the best Are strange—nay, rather, stranger than the rest.
Shannon L. Alder|When the person you love can't see your love for them beneath the painful things you say when they reject you, remember this: Love is blind.
|As long as you continue to stay true to yourself and consistent with your goals and dreams, nothing would ever succeed in stopping you from sitting on the table of abundant success and happiness that God has prepared for you.
Peter Ruber, The Last Bookman|It's a sad day when your iPhone becomes a horcrux, witches hunt your soul and you have to seek the resurrection stone just to find yourself. I was hardly Harry Potter. There was no lightening bolt on my forehead, but if you knew my life you would have met a storm.
Katie MacAlister, It's All Greek to Me|Are you threatening me?” He looked completely outraged at such a thing.“You bet your incredibly attractive and probably hard enough to bounce a quarter off ass I am!” she snapped back.An indescribable look flitted across his face. “You are the most irreverent woman I’ve ever met.”“And you’re the handsomest man I’ve ever seen in my life, but that doesn’t mean I’m going to lick you!” she yelled.
Becca Fitzpatrick, Black Ice|Because those four days in the mountains, they changed us. I gave you a piece of me. And you must have given me a piece of yourself, too, because you wouldn't have come here otherwise. You would have let go. I can't let go of you, Britt. And I don't want you to let go of me.
Mara Brock Akil|As the daughter of a 25-year veteran of the armed forces, I am incredibly thankful for the sacrifices our women and men have made in Iraq, and continue to make in Afghanistan.
Peter Stalker|Be they pharaohs or freeholders, barons or farmers, landowners have been the most capable, most intrepid, and most assertive members of civilized society.
Lee Krasner|Any film that exists that is thorough, you can't give it to an audience of one and have that be effective communication. Communication involves an audience of many that have a conversation, put it through the ringer, filter it and then a sense of it coalesces.
Kazuo Ishiguro, Never Let Me Go|We were young, thoughtless - carried away with our own cleverness
Charles Bukowski, Sifting Through the Madness for the Word, the Line, the Way|unless it comes out ofyour soul like a rocket,unless being still woulddrive you to madness orsuicide or murder,don’t do it.unless the sun inside you isburning your gut,don’t do it.when it is truly time,and if you have been chosen,it will do it byitself and it will keep on doing ituntil you die or it dies in you.there is no other way.and there never was.
Sami Abouzid|Love resides in my heart, but you are the one who tore apart and you are still blaming my heart for not keeping quiet about it
Andrew B. Newberg, Fringe-ology: How I Tried to Explain Away the Unexplainable-And Couldn't|We can't tell you the origin of the experience. But we can tell you the brain does appear to be built to have these [mystical] experiences. There are examples of people reaching similar states, spontaneously. But for the most part, it takes work. Meditation and these powerful prayer experiences require dedication and practice. But people have figured out how to do this, and the question is, 'What is the source of that experience?' The answer is, 'We don't know.' Science doesn't really have an answer for you.
Anthony T. Hincks|Shadows only come to life in our imaginations.Unfortunately for me, I've got a very vivid imagination.
Danielle Esplin, Give It Back|Ever since her diagnosis, she’s been fading like a light bulb with cancer’s hand on the rotary dimmer.
