Dara Ó Briain|People thank God when God no longer sits on the throne. The angels descend down to deliver miracles because they are trying to maintain the face of God. In the end, you must place your hopes and prayers with the angels. It has become quite sad in Heaven without its puppet master.
Jules Verne, A Journey to the Center of the Earth|Science, my lad, is made up of mistakes, but they are mistakes which it is useful to make, because they lead little by little to the truth.
Kirtida Gautam, #iAm16iCan|Literature is as old as speech. It grew out of human need for it and it has not changed except to become more needed. The skalds, the bards, the writers are not separate and exclusive. From the beginning, their functions, their duties, and their responsibilities have been decreed by our species... the writer is delegated to declare and to celebrate man's proven capacity for greatness of heart and spirit - for gallantry in defeat, for courage, compassion and love. In the endless war against weakness and despair, these are the bright rally flags of hope and of emulation. I hold that a writer who does not passionately believe in the perfectibility of man has no dedication nor any membership in literature.
Ken Baumann|I love Thanksgiving. In Canada, we don't really have a lot of history with Thanksgiving, and it's a holiday devoted to food, and that warms the cockles of my being.
Mother Teresa, The Joy in Loving|I often wonder, if those that smile the most, are the most saddest people in the world.
Gary D. Schmidt, Okay for Now|I want you to stop being subhuman and become 'yourself'. 'Yourself,' I say. Not the newspaper you read, not your vicious neighbor's opinion, but 'yourself.' I know, and you don't, what you really are deep down. Deep down, you are what a deer, your God, your poet, or your philosopher is. But you think you're a member of the VFW, your bowling club, or the Ku Klux Klan, and because you think so, you behave as you do. This too was told you long ago, by Heinrich Mann in Germany, by Upton Sinclair and John Dos Passos in the United States. But you recognized neither Mann nor Sinclair. You recognize only the heavyweight champion and Al Capone. If given your choice between a library and a fight, you'll undoubtedly go to the fight.
Sunday Adelaja|When you confront, you get goals faster.
Robert J. Braathe|In contexts of colonial oppression, intellectuals, especially those who advocate and work for justice, cannot be just-or mere- intellectuals, in the abstract sense; they cannot but be immersed in some form or another of activism, to learn from fellow activists through real-life experiences, to widen the horizons of their sources of inspiration, and to organically engage in effective, collective emancipatory processes, without the self-indulgence, complacency, or ivory-towerness that might otherwise blur their moral vision. In short, to be just intellectuals, committed to justice as the most ethical and durable foundation of peace.
Alex Bosworth, Chip Chip Chaw!|One day, back when I working at a video store, a woman accompanied by her two small sons walked up the counter with a tape box displaying a man slicing off someone’s head with a chainsaw. “Does this have any sex in it?” she asked. In my mind, it was like I was narrating a nature documentary on humans. “Watch as the American mother protects her young ones from dangerous influences.
Rob Bell, How to Be Here: A Guide to Creating a Life Worth Living|We want a little risk in our lives because it keeps things interesting. It wakes us up, it gives us a sense that we're alive and breathing and doing Something! Throwing yourself into it begins with being grateful that you even have something to throw yourself into.
N.K. Jemisin, The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms|...and when I lift my head to scream out my fury, a million stars turn black and die. No one can see them, but they are my tears.
Douglas Adams, The Restaurant at the End of the Universe|One of the major problems encountered in time travel is not that of becoming your own father or mother. There is no problem in becoming your own father or mother that a broad-minded and well-adjusted family can't cope with. There is no problem with changing the course of history—the course of history does not change because it all fits together like a jigsaw. All the important changes have happened before the things they were supposed to change and it all sorts itself out in the end.The major problem is simply one of grammar, and the main work to consult in this matter is Dr. Dan Streetmentioner's Time Traveler's Handbook of 1001 Tense Formations. It will tell you, for instance, how to describe something that was about to happen to you in the past before you avoided it by time-jumping forward two days in order to avoid it. The event will be descibed differently according to whether you are talking about it from the standpoint of your own natural time, from a time in the further future, or a time in the further past and is futher complicated by the possibility of conducting conversations while you are actually traveling from one time to another with the intention of becoming your own mother or father.Most readers get as far as the Future Semiconditionally Modified Subinverted Plagal Past Subjunctive Intentional before giving up; and in fact in later aditions of the book all pages beyond this point have been left blank to save on printing costs.The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy skips lightly over this tangle of academic abstraction, pausing only to note that the term "Future Perfect" has been abandoned since it was discovered not to be.
Aletheia Luna, Quiet Strength: Embracing, Empowering and Honoring Yourself as an Introvert|When we take into consideration the needs of both ourselves and others, we communicate honestly, compassionately and effectively.
Njovana Watts|I rushed to the bathroom for every corner of the hospital was suffocating. I got hold of acid-bottle, which was meant for toilet cleaning. As I took it into my hands, I realized I had more filth inside me than a toilet. A toilet could be cleaned by an acid bottle, or a toilet cleaner, but there was no such product that could cleanse a criminal from inside. I felt so ashamed of myself that I couldn’t even look into the eyes of my reflection in the mirror on the wall.
Pablo Neruda|Take bread away from me, if you wish,take air away, butdo not take from me your laughter.Do not take away the rose,the lance flower that you pluck,the water that suddenlybursts forth in joy,the sudden waveof silver born in you.My struggle is harsh and I come backwith eyes tiredat times from having seenthe unchanging earth,but when your laughter entersit rises to the sky seeking meand it opens for me allthe doors of life.My love, in the darkesthour your laughteropens, and if suddenlyyou see my blood stainingthe stones of the street,laugh, because your laughterwill be for my handslike a fresh sword.Next to the sea in the autumn,your laughter must raiseits foamy cascade,and in the spring, love,I want your laughter likethe flower I was waiting for,the blue flower, the roseof my echoing country.Laugh at the night,at the day, at the moon,laugh at the twistedstreets of the island,laugh at this clumsyfool who loves you,but when I openmy eyes and close them,when my steps go,when my steps return,deny me bread, air,light, spring,but never your laughter. 
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|There are two kinds of people in this world: those who follow the popular majority, and those who possess good sense. In other words, you can either let the crowd steer you right over a cliff, or you can stop to peer beyond the brink and see how a fall will likely end in tragedy.
Nayef Al-Rodhan|The nations of our time cannot prevent the conditions of men from becoming equal; but it depends upon themselves whether the principle of equality is to lead them to servitude or freedom, to knowledge or barbarism, to prosperity or to wretchedness.
Bertrand Russell|To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already 3-parts dead.
Scylar Tyberius, Sebastian the Great|Well, Ben says you have to be married to get a girl pregnant. And me and Cindy are not married, so she couldn't get pregnant, see?
Michael Kenny, Politics of Identity: Liberal Political Theory and the Dilemas of Difference|It struck Hsing suddenly that Masada didn't even understand the nature of his own genius. To him the patterns of thought and motive that he sensed in the virus were self-explanatory, and those who could not see them were simply not looking hard enough. Yet he would readily admit to his own inability to analyze more human contact, even on the most basic level. That was part and parcel of being iru.What a strange combination of skills and flaws. What an utterly alien profile. Praise the founders of Guera for having taught them all to nurture such specialized talent, rather than seeking to "cure" it. It was little wonder that most innovations in technology now came from the Gueran colonies, and that Earth, who set such a strict standard of psychological "normalcy," now produced little that was truly exciting. Thank God their own ancestors had left that doomed planet before they, too, had lost the genes of wild genius. Thank God they had seen the creative holocaust coming, and escaped it.
Peter Orner, Love and Shame and Love|It is a terrible thing to witness death by violence, a thousand times worse to hold a man’s life in your own hands and to willingly, consciously take it from him. Acknowledged or not, something noble has been scoured from your insides, never to be replaced. You saved a friend’s life, and there lies ample justification. But never peace, never balance, never the same. At least that is how it seems to me.
B.M.B. Johnson, Melody Jackson v. the Woman in White|It's poor judgment', said Grandpa 'to call anything by a name. We don't know what a hobgoblin or a vampire or a troll is. Could be lots of things. You can't heave them into categories with labels and say they'll act one way or another. That'd be silly. They're people. People who do things. Yes, that's the way to put it. People who *do* things.
Michael J. Sullivan, The Crown Tower|O you youths, Western youths,So impatient, full of action, full of manly pride and friendship,Plain I see you Western youths, see you tramping with the foremost,Pioneers! O pioneers!
Dennis Garvin, Case Files of an Angel|Sin is wrong, not because of what it does to me, or my spouse, or child, or neighbor, but because it is an act of rebellion against the infinitely holy and majestic God.
Craig Groeschel, Weird: Because Normal Isn't Working|Where your money goes, there your heart follows.
John le Carré, The Night Manager|From chaos to lullabiesI watched herlive my thoughts,and soon enoughshe did becomemy favorite stony.She was everythingand with every wordshe drew me closer.She drew me into her story,a storyI knew I would neverbe able to understand.
Simon S. Tam|The true cost of following your dreams isn't what you sacrifice when you chase them, it's what you lose when you don't
Sunday Adelaja|If you want to have a well-ordered church, then you have to become well-ordered yourself.
Clifford Cohen|Smile at people, pop your head into your boss’s office regularly and say hello, and come to your first meeting with something really smart to say.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|You see the bird and you see its flight.You can not see through its eyes. Therefore, you don't know its plight.
Franz Kafka|Most men are not wicked... They are sleep-walkers, not evil evildoers.
Osho|I kept running around it in large or small circles, always looking for someone or something able to convince me of my Belovedness.Self-rejection is the greatest enemy of the spiritual life because it contradicts the sacred voice that calls us the "Beloved". Being the Beloved expresses the core truth of our existence.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|Reality is what one makes it. And the more negative reality one nurtures and creates, the more of it one has.
Dee  Williams, The Big Tiny: A Built-It-Myself Memoir|Over time, I discovered that learning new things doesn't always liberate you. Instead, it makes you wonder if your pants are on backward or if the trees are holding the sky up -- it makes you question all of your assumptions and conventions.
George Harrison|There are high spots in all of our lives and most of them have come about through encouragement from someone else. I don't care how great, how famous or successful a man or woman may be, each hungers for applause.
Fran Macilvey, Trapped: My Life with Cerebral Palsy|Absolutely devout in her complete care of my body, she had only taught me to be weak and voiceless. But I had unlearned that lesson. Our enmeshment no longer felt to me like proof of love. I was no longer willing to permit this silencing. Helplessness didn't have to be my identity, I wasn't condemned to it. I was willing—able—to change. Our enmeshment had been enabled by my belief that I needed her to help me, to take care of things for me—and to save me—but, back in the home where I'd learned this helplessness, I found I no longer felt that I was trapped in it.
Harvey Weinstein|If I wanted to make spy movies for the rest of my life, that would be one thing, but I don't want to just make spy movies.
Pat Conroy|The world of literature has everything in it, and it refuses to leave anything out. I have read like a man on fire my whole life because the genius of English teachers touched me with the dazzling beauty of language. Because of them I rode with Don Quixote and danced with Anna Karenina at a ball in St. Petersburg and lassoed a steer in "Lonesome Dove" and had nightmares about slavery in "Beloved" and walked the streets of Dublin in "Ulysses" and made up a hundred stories in the Arabian nights and saw my mother killed by a baseball in "A Prayer for Owen Meany." I've been in ten thousand cities and have introduced myself to a hundred thousand strangers in my exuberant reading career, all because I listened to my fabulous English teachers and soaked up every single thing those magnificent men and women had to give. I cherish and praise them and thank them for finding me when I was a boy and presenting me with the precious gift of the English language. 
Bryan Cranston|To the fans, thank you for your patience and concern. They've been on point with my career, especially after my injuries.
Émile Gaboriau, File No. 113|I am dwelling on things I love, even if a measure of tragedy is stitched into everything, if you follow the thread long enough
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|And I sat there at the patio,while the whole of universe,was getting engulfed,in the whitest whiteness of snow.Down, near my rough paw,is soft snow,mannering a fidgeting embryo.I monitored the snow that plunged,on the soil of my backyard,and realized it melting fast.Was that the temperature or,my eyes on it overcast?While I think of this melted exalt,I am obliged to ask,What ought happens to the thoughts?Where do they get tossed?When they are forgot?Scorched?Scoffed?Deformed? Unadorned?
Nikhil Sharda, Sans Destination|Enjoy writers and entertainers but don't substitute their synthesis of truth and reality for your own. Seek your own counsel as much as you can. Dependence on any one or anything else will eventually result in disappointment and this may be, as it always was.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|He looks around at his guests. All are prepared. A Latin grace; English would be his choice, but he will suit his company. Who cross themselves ostentatiously, in papist style. Who look at him, expectant. He shouts for the waiters. The doors burst open. Sweating men heave the platters to the table. It seems the meat is fresh, in fact not slaughtered yet. It is just a minor breach of etiquette. The company must sit and salivate. The Boleyns are laid at his hand to be carved.
Richard Louv|Periodically, the workers do revolt against bourgeois society, not by a hundred, five hundred, or a thousand, but by the millions.
Amy Leigh Mercree|A circle's unity and never ending smoothness is how we can aim to feel inside. Smooth, gentle, accepted, no rough edges, only love for all parts of our selves.
James Dashner, The Maze Runner|Sometimes I think there's a beast that lives inside me, in the cavern that's where my heart should be, and every now and then it fills every last inch of my skin, so that I can't help but do something inappropriate. Its breath is full of lies; it smells of spite.
Ramana Pemmaraju|None of the characters in (the story) were distinguished ones -- not even the lion.He was an old lion, prepared from birth to lose his life rather than to leave it. But he had the dignity of all free creatures, and so he was allowed his moment. It was hardly a glorious moment.The two men who shot him were indifferent as men go, or perhaps they were less than that. At least they shot him without killing him, and then turned the unsconscionable eye of a camera upon his agony. It was a small, a stupid, but a callous crime.
Sam Keen, The Passionate Life: Stages of Loving|I didn't want to take it. I knew it was a powerful drug, but I also knew it was a catabolic drug that consumed the body.
Debra Dunbar, A Demon Bound|Do I look like I'm compelled to do anything? Do I seriously look like anyone could compel me to even bring them a coaster?"She looked me over again. "You look like you're compelled to cause trouble, but I doubt that's the boss' directive.
Toussaint Louverture|I must study alone, as I am condemned to do every thing alone, I believe, in this life.
Shirley Corder, Strength Renewed: Meditations for Your Journey through Breast Cancer|My entire life, I’ve never been able to understand the concept of not being happy or excited when others were successful or had something good happen to them. It quite honestly is a concept that I cannot grasp.
Bruce Chatwin, The Songlines|To be moved confuses the soul. One cannot convey these kinds of memories any more than the events of a dream......if I have complained too long, it is because my memory, no longer having any fixed abode, has to carry its luggage with it.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|The conscious events that we are aware of are physical events in their own right, just as much as the brain events observed in the lab by researchers. If we allow the mental its own existence as a category disjoint from the physical, we will never be able to get it back in.
Vi Keeland, Worth the Chance|Ransom?” She struggled to sit up. “What are you do—?” He laid his tongue to her core. “Oh.” She flopped back against the bed. “Oh.” God, she was sweet. Sweet and pink and musky and Izzy.
Gustavo Arellano|Inhabitants of urban industrial cultures have no point of contact with grain, chickens, cows, or, for that matter, with topsoil. We have no basis of experience to outweigh the arguments of political vegetarians. We have no idea what plants, animals, or soil eat, or how much. Which means we have no idea what we ourselves are eating.
Giacomo Casanova|Compassion is a practically acquired knowledge, like dancing. You must do it and practice diligently day by day.
Cassandra Clare, City of Fallen Angels|You see," the tourist went on, "you know that thing you do with seaweed?"Bethan, brought up on the Vortex Plains, had only heard of the sea in stories, and had decided she didn't like it. She looked blank. "Eat it?" "No, what you do is, you hang it up outside your door, and it tells you if it's going to rain." Another thing Bethan had learned was that there was no real point in trying to understand anything Twoflower said, and that all anyone could do was run alongside the conversation and hope to jump on it as it turned a corner."I see," she said. "Rincewind is like that, you see." "Like seaweed." "Yes. If there was anything at all to be frightened about, he'd be frightened. But he's not. The star is just about the only thing I've ever seen him not frightened of. If he's not worried, then take it from me, there's nothing to be worried about." "It's not going to rain?" said Bethan. "Well, no, metaphorically speaking." "Oh." Bethan decided not to ask what "metaphorically" meant, in case it had something to do with seaweed.
Lobsang Tenzin|My mom was a rescue veterinarian, and I grew up helping her nurse injured animals back to health. Any deer hit by a car, fox caught in a trap, whatever it was that got hurt, everyone brought them to my mom.
Harrish Sairaman|If you follow, Practice and Live ‘Ownership’, you have arrived in Life!
Nicki Minaj|Every morning, my dad would have me looking in the mirror and repeat, 'Today is going to be a great day; I can, and I will.'
Melissa de la Cruz|In two weeks my skin will have no memory of Olly's hand on mine, but my brain will remember. We can have immortality or the memory of touch. But we can't have both.
A.S. Peterson, Fiddler's Green|in all the vastness of the world, the deepest adventure is not of war or mortal danger, but of heart, of soul, of the infinite discovery of a beloved other.
Paul Harris|There are so many things in life that divide us, that separate us and tear us apart, be it race, religion, creed, socioeconomic level, nationality or any variety of other factors. But running is something that we all share in common.
Thomas Paine, The Age of Reason|Loving, of enemies is another dogma of feigned morality, and has besides no meaning. It is incumbent on man, as a moralist, that he does not revenge an injury; and it is equally as good in a political sense, for there is no end to retaliation; each retaliates on the other, and calls it justice: but to love in proportion to the injury, if it could be done, would be to offer a premium for a crime. Besides, the word enemies is too vague and general to be used in a moral maxim, which ought always to be clear and defined, like a proverb. If a man be the enemy of another from mistake and prejudice, as in the case of religious opinions, and sometimes in politics, that man is different to an enemy at heart with a criminal intention; and it is incumbent upon us, and it contributes also to our own tranquillity, that we put the best construction upon a thing that it will bear. But even this erroneous motive in him makes no motive for love on the other part; and to say that we can love voluntarily, and without a motive, is morally and physically impossible.Morality is injured by prescribing to it duties that, in the first place, are impossible to be performed, and if they could be would be productive of evil; or, as before said, be premiums for crime. The maxim of doing as we would be done unto does not include this strange doctrine of loving enemies; for no man expects to be loved himself for his crime or for his enmity.Those who preach this doctrine of loving their enemies, are in general the greatest persecutors, and they act consistently by so doing; for the doctrine is hypocritical, and it is natural that hypocrisy should act the reverse of what it preaches. For my own part, I disown the doctrine, and consider it as a feigned or fabulous morality; yet the man does not exist that can say I have persecuted him, or any man, or any set of men, either in the American Revolution, or in the French Revolution; or that I have, in any case, returned evil for evil.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan|The rules of friendship are tacit, unconscious; they are not rational. In business, though, you have to think rationally.
Les Martin, Humbug|Dr. Blockhead's mocking face was solemn for once. 'Modern science is wiping out deviant strains of the human form,' he said. 'In the twenty-first century, genetic engineering will do more than merely eliminate Siamese twins and alligator-skinned people. It will make it hard to find a person with even a slight overbite or a large nose. I can see that future and it makes me shudder. The future looks like- him'Dr. Blockhead pointed at Mulder.'Imagine going through your whole life looking like that,' said Dr. Blockhead.Mulder shrugged. 'It's a tough job- but someone has to do it.
Burt Rutan|Space travel is the only technology that is more dangerous and more expensive now than it was in its first year. Fifty years after Yuri Gagarin, the space shuttle ended up being more dangerous and more expensive to fly than those first throwaway rockets, even though large portions of it were reusable. It's absurd.
Tanith Lee, Piratica: Being a Daring Tale of a Singular Girl's Adventure Upon the High Seas|Never talk back to a teacher. Teachers are like God. Actually, teachers are God's boss.
Simone de Beauvoir, The Second Sex|(…) symbolism did not fall out of heaven or rise out of subterranean depths: it was elaborated like language, by the human reality…
Jenny Han, P.S. I Still Love You|I say, “In the contract we said we wouldn’t break each other’s hearts. What if we do it again?” Fiercely he says, “What if we do? If we’re so guarded, it’s not going to be anything. Let’s do it fucking for real, Lara Jean. Let’s go all in. No more contract. No more safety net. You can break my heart. Do whatever you want with it.
James C. Dobson, Life on the Edge: A Young Adult's Guide to a Meaningful Future|God has forgiven and still forgives us when we repent from our sins, an indication that we are not called to sin, but to live in accordance with His will.
Mykle Hansen, HELP!  A Bear is Eating Me!|We've tried to live in balance with nature long enough. This time nature went too far. As soon as you and your fiance are safely out of here, I'm calling in an air strike to napalm this whole forest.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|All things are engaged in writing their history...Not a foot steps into the snow, or along the ground, but prints in characters more or less lasting, a map of its march. The ground is all memoranda and signatures; and every object covered over with hints. In nature, this self-registration is incessant, and the narrative is the print of the seal.
Ernest Hemingway|To write is human, to receive a letter: Devine!
Lady Sophia Fermor, Woman Not Inferior to Man: Or, a Short and Modest Vindication of the Natural Right of the Fair-Sex to a Perfect Equality of Power, Dignity and Esteem with the Men|It is quite idle (...) to insist so much on bodily strength, as a necessary qualification to military employments. And it is full as idle to imagine that Women are not naturally as capable of courage and resolution as the Men. We are indeed charged, without any exception, with being timorous, and incapable of defence; frighted at our own shadows; alarm'd at the cry of an infant, the bark of a dog, the whistling of the wind, or a tale of hob-goblins. But is this universally true? Are there not Men as void of courage as the most heartless of our sex? And yet it is known that the most timorous Women (...) often behave more courageously than the Men under pains, sickness, want, and the terrors of death itself.
Korharu|Worry? That's a strange thing to say. There's no way anyone would be worried about me. Besides, we're all gonna be enemies eventually.
Anne Lamott|Becoming a writer is about becoming conscious. When you're conscious and writing from a place of insight and simplicity and real caring about the truth, you have the ability to throw the lights on for your reader. He or she will recognize his or her life and truth in what you say, in the pictures you have painted, and this decreases the terrible sense of isolation that we have all had too much of.
Connor Franta|I think that they way my parents raised me, they taught me to always follow my dreams and never give up, no matter what the obstacle.
Joseph Pulitzer|The more I live, the more I think that humor is the saving sense.
Eve Edwards|My thoughts are wing'd with hopes,My hopes with love.Thoughts, hopes and love return to me no more,Until Cynthia shine as she hath done before.
Anastasia Bolinder|Adventures call a valiant few, happenstance calls many.
Syed Muhammad Naquib al-Attas, Islam: The Concept of Religion and The Foundation of Ethics and Morality|Change, development and progress, according to the Islamic viewpoint, refer to the return to the genuine Islam enunciated and practised by the Holy Prophet (may God bless and give him Peace!) and his noble Companions and their Followers (blessing and peace be upon them all!) and the faith and practice of genuine Muslims after them; and they also refer to the self and mean its return to its original nature and religion (Islam).
Jasleen Kaur Gumber|We are all same, inside our homes!
Sunday Adelaja|We must serve the Lord, our God with all our heart, with all our soul and in everything be devoted to Him
Amanda Ripley, The Unthinkable: Who Survives When Disaster Strikes - and Why|When I was sixteen, there was no one to count on but myself. Everyone in my family was taking care of themselves, surviving, but everyone forgot I was sixteen years old. I had never felt so lost and so alone in my life.
Michael Zadoorian, The Leisure Seeker|Hi lover," he says to me, completely forgetting what happened before.He knows who I am. He knows that I am the one person who he loves, has always loved. No disease, no person can take that away.(p.205)
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|There are lots of opportunities in limitations, but it takes a positive mindset to recognize them.
Judy Blume, Summer Sisters|I’d think about you and how I didn’t want us to end. It’s complicated…’Max still held her, his thumbs stroking the spot on her wrists where her pulse was thundering away. ‘Uncomplicate it then. Did you miss 
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness|It's the superhero problem . . . .Superpowers make everything personal. Batman versus Joker. Fantastic Four versus Galactus. The Big G might be the Devourer of Worlds, but in the end he's just a dude. Beat him and the problem goes away. But the real problems aren't like that. You can't solve them by hitting them. The real supervillains. . . . were people in suits who met in rooms and decided things. Destroy one and another would take her place
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|People are inclined to accept all stories of ancient times in an uncritical way -even when those stories concern their own native counties...Most people, in fact, will not take trouble in finding out the truth, but are more inclined to accept the first story they hear.
Allan Gurganus|The blank page, otherwise known as the vast playground of the writer's imagination." J.L. Bond
Auliq Ice|Earn Nicely, spend wisely and you will live happily.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|All mankind is sitting on Death Row. How we die or when is not the main issue, but where [we] go after death.
Angela Carter|To ride a bicycle is in itself some protection against superstitious fears, since the bicycle is the product of pure reason applied to motion. Geometry at the service of man! Give me two spheres and a straight line and I will show you how far I can take them. Voltaire himself might have invented the bicycle, since it contributes so much to man’s welfare and nothing at all to his bane. Beneficial to the health, it emits no harmful fumes and permits only the most decorous speeds. How can a bicycle ever be an implement of harm?
Yuval Noah Harari, Homo Deus: A Brief History of Tomorrow|Studying history aims to loosen the grip of the past. It enables us to turn our head this way and that, and begin to notice possibilities that our ancestors could not imagine, or didn’t want us to imagine. By observing the accidental chain of events that led us here, we realise how our very thoughts and dreams took shape — and we can begin to think and dream differently. Studying history will not tell us what to choose, but at least it gives us more options.
Marguerite Kaye, The Widow and the Sheikh|She was riding a camel, in the most beautiful desert, in the kingdom belonging to this most beautiful man. A man who thought she had the most delightful rear. A man who wanted to kiss her every bit as much as she wanted to kiss him. "I know that I will regret saying this, but at this moment in time, I think I could manage anything.
Leigh Byrne|I am slowly learning to pluck the flowers of my past from the weeds, and place them in the window where I can see them first. ~Call Me Tuesday
David Lynch|I didn't watch much TV as a kid and I don' t watch it now. I don' t find anything beautiful or unique to the medium, and the only thing you can do on TV that you can't do in film is make a continuing story - which is so cool!
Richelle E. Goodrich, Making Wishes|I can and will improve the world.I will smile, show kindness, and be grateful.I refuse to be unhappy.
Marlene Steinberg, Interviewer's Guide to the Structured Clinical Interview for Dsm-IV (R) Dissociative Disorders (Scid-D)|He knows that you have to laugh at the things that hurt you just to keep yourself in balance, just to keep the world from running you plumb crazy
Daniel H. Wilson, Robogenesis|This is the beginning of the end (talking about the war)... Everyone was saying... But the British Prime Minister said, "This is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. But it is, perhaps, the end of the beginning." Do you see the difference?
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam|Despite my firm convictions, I have always been a man who tries to face facts, and to accept the reality of life as new experience and new knowledge unfolds. I have always kept an open mind, a flexibility that must go hand in hand with every form of the intelligent search for truth.
Stefan Molyneux|All we think about in the cycle of violence is men. If we miss the oestrogen factor we cannot solve the cycle of violence. We cannot bring peace to the world unless we hold women accountable and morally responsible, particularly for their attacks upon children.
Germany Kent|As you become more present in your own life, you will begin to enlighten others by your example.
Lenny Bruce|It was going all wrong at my college interview until I nonchalantly asked  "Do you need any large donations for new buildings?"
Thomas W. Martin, Doctor William Crawford Gorgas Of Alabama And The Panama Canal|His was the strong soul, gentle, but tempered with fire, fervent, heroic and good, the helper and friend of mankind. It is such as he who make progress possible.
Bobby Charlton, Sir Bobby Charlton: The Autobiography: My Manchester United Years|The eccentric passion of Shankly was underlined for me by my England team-mate Roger Hunt's version of the classic tale of the Liverpool manager's pre-game talk before playing Manchester United. The story has probably been told a thousand times in and out of football, and each time you hear it there are different details, but when Roger told it the occasion was still fresh in his mind and I've always believed it to be the definitive account. It was later on the same day, as Roger and I travelled together to report for England duty, after we had played our bruising match at Anfield. Ian St John had scored the winner, then squared up to Denis Law, with Nobby finally sealing the mood of the afternoon by giving the Kop the 'V' sign. After settling down in our railway carriage, Roger said, 'You may have lost today, but you would have been pleased with yourself before the game. Shanks mentioned you in the team talk. When he says anything positive about the opposition, normally he never singles out players.' According to Roger, Shankly burst into the dressing room in his usual aggressive style and said, 'We're playing Manchester United this afternoon, and really it's an insult that we have to let them on to our field because we are superior to them in every department, but they are in the league so I suppose we have to play them. In goal Dunne is hopeless- he never knows where he is going. At right back Brennan is a straw- any wind will blow him over. Foulkes the centre half kicks the ball anywhere. On the left Tony Dunne is fast but he only has one foot. Crerand couldn't beat a tortoise. It's true David Herd has got a fantastic shot, but if Ronnie Yeats can point him in the right direction he's likely to score for us. So there you are, Manchester United, useless...'Apparently it was at this point the Liverpool winger Ian Callaghan, who was never known to whisper a single word on such occasions, asked, 'What about Best, Law and Charlton, boss?'Shankly paused, narrowed his eyes, and said, 'What are you saying to me, Callaghan? I hope you're not saying we cannot play three men.
Erin McCarthy, Hot Finish|And everyone is always saying that marriage is really hard and takes a lot of work. But the thing is, when you know that you love someone, those things don’t matter. You have to push all the everyday things and the outside world away, and just enjoy knowing that this is the man who has the chest your head is meant to lie on.
Norman Lloyd|I never imagined I'd go into acting, but I always loved drama, and when I was 16, I discovered the Library Theatre up the road. So I plucked up courage and asked if I could watch rehearsals. It was like Heaven.
David Halberstam, The Powers That Be|Johnson had a sense of humor, and he could kid with me,” he would say. “Johnson didn’t enjoy talking with most liberals. He didn’t think they had a sense of humor.
James A. Owen, The Dragon's Apprentice|If I had a wish it would be this: that Google maps could take me, not to just anywhere on the planet, but to anywhere in time.
Robert Sarah, The Power of Silence: Against the Dictatorship of Noise|There is a great risk that Christians may become idolaters if they lose the meaning of silence. Our words inebriate us; they confine us to what is created. Bewitched and imprisoned by the noise of human speech, we run the risk of designing worship to our specifications, a god in our own image. Words bring with them the temptation of the golden calf! Only silence leads man beyond words, to the mystery, to worship in spirit and in truth. Silence is a form of mystagogy; it brings us into the mystery without spoiling it.
John  Adams, Thoughts On Government Applicable To The Present State Of The American Colonies.: Philadelphia, Printed By John Dunlap, M,Dcc,Lxxxvi|While our country remains untainted with the principles and manners which are now producing desolation in so many parts of the world; while she continues sincere, and incapable of insidious and impious policy, we shall have the strongest reason to rejoice our local destination. But should the people of America once become capable of that deep simulation towards one another, and towards foreign nations, which assumes the language of justice and moderation, while it is practising iniquity and extravagance, and displays in the most captivating manner the charming pictures of candour, frankness, and sincerity, while it is rioting in rapine and insolence, this country will be the most miserable habitation in the world.
Edith Wharton, The Age of Innocence|When you are trying to build a wall, you don’t focus on the wall. You focus on laying one brick at a time, perfectly. So in times of doubt, fear and negative thinking, I stop thinking about the overall picture – the big impact – and hone in on laying my own brick for the day perfectly
Sarah Dunn, Secrets to Happiness|A moral character is attached to autumnal scenes; the leaves falling like our years, the flowers fading like our hours, the clouds fleeting like our illusions, the light diminishing like our intelligence, the sun growing colder like our affections, the rivers becoming frozen like our lives--all bear secret relations to our destinies.
Rachael Wade, Love and Relativity|He didn't ask because he didn't wanted to know. If you know, moments die an instant death. She held his hand in hers; hiding them like a pearl; her coral eyes ensconcing his pain.
Aleister Crowley, Jezebel, and other tragic poems|O bid these strangers go ;Turn to my lips till their cup overflow ;Hurt me with kisses, kill me with desire,Consume me and destroy me with the fireOf bleeding passion straining at the heart,Touched to the core by sweetnesses that smart ;Bitten by fiery snakes, whose poisonous breathSwoons in the midnight, and dissolves to death !
L.A. Casey, Alec|Drink and drive are prohibited in all countries. Otherwise, alcohol will drive us to hell or at-least to jail.
Stacey O'Neale, Under His Skin|Then it’s settled.” He pulled her into an embrace. “It’s been a long night for both of us. How about I drive you home?”	Inhaling a deep breath, she was overwhelmed by the woodsy scent of his bare skin. Desire surged through her—a euphoric sensation, vibrating all the way to her core. A second later, her nipples pebbled. Worried he might notice, she pulled away from him, covering her chest with her crossed arms. What was happening to her? “I think that’s a good idea.
Malcolm Bradbury, Eating People is Wrong|The man cocked his gun and Patty had time for one last thought: I wish, I wish, I wish I could take this back.
Alexi Lawless, Complicated Creatures: Part One|… now that I’m stuck here for an undetermined amount of time, it seems beyond foolish not to let me help.” She took a bite for emphasis. “You could at least let me make you a sandwich,” she added balefully through her mouthful.“That was me being respectful of your law degree,” Ian said.
Kaleb Kilton|Since birth, life is about stumbling into the unknown by every turn. One hopes there is a grand purpose to it all.Few are lucky to encounter the right people, along the journey.
Dylan Thomas, A Child's Christmas in Wales|Christmas, 1492….Unfortunately, on Christmas morning 1492 Columbus' ship, the Santa María, ran aground on the northern coast of what is now Haiti. Not having any way to refloat her, the crew off-loaded the provisions and equipment from the ship before she broke up. For protection they then built a flimsy fortification on the beach, calling it “La Navidad.” With the consent of the local Indian Chief, Columbus left behind 39 men with orders to establish a settlement, and appointed Diego de Arana, a cousin of his mistress Beatriz, as the Governor. The story of what happened following this unfortunate incidence, on Christmas morning, so long ago is found in the “FAPA” award winning book “The Exciting Story of Cuba” by Captain Hank Bracker available at Amazon.com, Barnes&Noble.com, BooksAMillion.com and Independent Book Stores everywhere.
William J. Clinton|Strong advocacy for education, health care and worker safety will be indispensable if they are to get their fair share of President Bush's austere budget for the next fiscal year.
Martha Beck|People make suggestions on what to say all the time. I'll give you an example; I don't read what's handed to me. People say, 'Here, here's your speech, or here's an idea for a speech.' They're changed. Trust me.
Ayrton Senna|When I was doing theater, I was very successful at believing that I was great, God's gift to the theater.
Philip Cook, ERDEN FLAME OF THE CREATOR|Faith is not just thinking you can do things, but believing god can handle all things!
Yana Toboso|He was abominable...and the most alluring, tortured soul I'd ever met.
James Prescott Joule|After the knowledge of, and obedience to, the will of God, the next aim must be to know something of His attributes of wisdom, power, and goodness as evidenced by His handiwork.
E. Jamie, The Betrayal|Bree arched, trying to stretch out her muscles and Alessandro gave her a dirty look as if she was displaying herself to him on purpose. Well, maybe she was a little. Even though he blocked her from the hotel attendant’s gaze with his body in the doorway, Bree was sure to cover herself with the blanket. Alessandro turned around, pulling in the tray with him and his eyes flared hungrily as he looked down at her. “You look like a beautiful debauched angel,” he said, his voice rough with desire. “And you’re what, the demon that’s corrupted me?” Bree asked raising an eyebrow and letting the blanket fall down to her waist, baring her to him. “It’s my life’s work, you know?” Alessandro grinned, going down on to his knees and leaning over her. Bree placed a hand on his chest, halting him. “Is that coffee, I smell?” she asked. “The debauched angel is kind of hungry.” She bit her lip and smiled up at his frustrated face.
Khloe Kardashian|When you genuinely feel like that was the right relationship, you're supposed to give it all you can. That's what marriage is about.
Brian L. Weiss, Messages from the Masters: Tapping into the Power of Love|One of the most important of life´s lessons is to learn independance, to understand freedom. This means independence from attachments, from results, from opinions, and from expectations. Breaking attachments leads to freedom, but breaking attachments does not mean abandoning a loving and meaningful relationship, a relationship that nourrishes your soul. It means ending dependency on any person or thing. Love is never a dependency.
Conrad Richter|The only freedom that deserves a name is that of pursuing our on good, in our own way, so long as we do not deprive others of theirs, or impede their efforts to obtain it ...
Margaret Mitchell|A gifted violin player in danger of becoming a virtuoso and thus too attached to his instrument handed it over to the Oneida authorities and never played again. When a visiting Canadian teacher complained that the community did not foster “genius or special talent,” Noyes was delighted, replying, “We never expected or desired to produce a Byron, a Napoleon, or a Michelangelo.” You know you've reached a new plateau of group mediocrity when even a Canadian is alarmed by your lack of individuality.
Marilynne Robinson, Housekeeping|And yet, even as she spoke, she knew that she did not wish to come back. not to stay, not to live. She loved the little yellow cottage more than she loved any place on earth. but she was through with it except in her memories. 
Kasey Michaels, The Tenacious Miss Tamerlane|Enough, I say. Our guests will be arriving shortly, and I would as lief they were left in the dark about this particular strain of insanity in the family that makes you two revert to childhood at the drop of a napkin.
Simone Milasas, Getting Out of Debt Joyfully|When you are willing to be everything that you are, you become an infinitely creative source for everything in your life - including money.
C. JoyBell C.|Pain is a pesky part of being human, I've learned it feels like a stab wound to the heart, something I wish we could all do without, in our lives here. Pain is a sudden hurt that can't be escaped. But then I have also learned that because of pain, I can feel the beauty, tenderness, and freedom of healing. Pain feels like a fast stab wound to the heart. But then healing feels like the wind against your face when you are spreading your wings and flying through the air! We may not have wings growing out of our backs, but healing is the closest thing that will give us that wind against our faces.
Richard Engel, And Then All Hell Broke Loose: Two Decades in the Middle East|For many citizens, libraries are the one place where the information they need to be engaged in civic life is truly available for free, requiring nothing more than the time to walk into a branch. The reading room of a public library is the place where a daily newspaper, a weekly newsmagazine, and a documentary film are all available for free. In many communities, the library's public lecture room is the only place to hear candidates for office comparing points of view or visiting professors explaining their work on climate change, immigration or job creation. That same room is often the only place where a child from a family without a lot of money can go to see a dramatic reading or a production of a Shakespeare play. (Another of these simple realities in most communities is that a big part of public librarians job is to figure out how to host the community's homeless in a safe and fair manner.) Democracies can work only if all citizens have access to information and culture that can help them make good choices, whether at the voting booth or in other aspects of public life.
Robert Louis Stevenson, The Suicide Club|Alas! in the clothes of the greatest potentate, what is there but a man?
Akshay Vasu|You have the touch of nature you know, where she touches everything that is dead and they spring back into life again. I realised that the day you touched me for the first time. I felt I was standing somewhere I had never been before and all of a sudden life started pouring over me like a rain and drenching me with it. I had never felt that alive before.
Joshua Prager|I suppose, the natural outgrowth about writing about two friends, it becomes about their friendship, and the complexities of it, and the way personality plays off each other, and what they each like to do, separately and together.
Amy Tan, The Bonesetter's Daughter|After all, Bao Bomu says, what is the past but what we choose to remember?
Thomas Bernhard, Gehen|When we do something, we may not think about why we are doing what we are doing, says Oehler, for then it would suddenly be totally impossible for us to do anything.
Erich Fromm, The Art of Loving|Modern man thinks he loses something - time - when he does not do things quickly. Yet he does not know what to do with the time he gains, except kill it.
Nicole Krauss|Divorce isn't such a tragedy. A tragedy's staying in an unhappy marriage, teaching your children the wrong things about love. Nobody ever died of divorce.
Cassidy Calloway, Secrets of a First Daughter|And don't stress about the trip. We'll find some alone time in London," he continued, bending his head closer to mine. "Nothing keeps 007 from romancing a beautiful woman.
Wendy Beck, 9th Life|Anywhere there is life, there are eyes. And things, too, speak to those who have ears to hear.
Bodhidharma, The Zen Teaching of Bodhidharma|For there is never anything but the present, and if one cannot live there, one cannot live anywhere.
Doris Lessing|With a library you are free, not confined by temporary political climates. It is the most democratic of institutions because no one - but no one at all - can tell you what to read and when and how.
Nikki Rowe|When caught under the weather of love, always choose the person who loves you unconditionally, and abandon the one who only loves you under favorable conditions.
Rene Denfeld, The Enchanted|I read everything in that dusty little library. I read the prologues and the epilogues until I could tell you how many times Stephen King thanked his wife, Tabitha. I could tell you how the Columbia Indians made their long-houses, or how to make a solar toilet, or how to dry bear meat in the sun. I could tell you all of this if I could talk, but instead the words stayed inside of me and marveled. This I could accept, or so I told myself for a long time. Because the words were there, and they carried me to another place.
Howard Hughes|This business switching styles can't be done honestly by one man. As soon as he can play his instrument well, he can express himself, and all his life he has only one self.
Solange nicole|Bringing to light what had been hidden in darkness should not overwhelm you, but EDUCATE you.
Terry Tempest Williams, When Women Were Birds: Fifty-four Variations on Voice|If people feel lost and alone and helpless and broken and hopeless today, what will it be like if the world really begins to come apart at the hinges?
Yilda B. Rivera, Courage Under Fire|If there has to be one flower that springs from the weeds, let that flower be YOU.
Chila Woychik, On Being a Rat and Other Observations|I suck the words word-dryto me, assimilated orderly at breakeye speedstill hard and hardersofter thenline-lined book-dry‘til not a dropof water-bloodfrom oak and elmand authored menis left to whisper“Read…
David Foster Wallace|Literary fiction and poetry are real marginalized right now. There's a fallacy that some of my friends sometimes fall into, the ol' "The audience is stupid. The audience only wants to go this deep. Poor us, we're marginalized because of TV, the great hypnotic blah, blah." You can sit around and have these pity parties for yourself. Of course this is bullshit. If an art form is marginalized it's because it's not speaking to people. One possible reason is that the people it's speaking to have become too stupid to appreciate it. That seems a little easy to me.
George Schiaffino, Making Millions by Helping Millions|As we travel great lengths in this world away from home, most of us come back with a clearer view on what home means. And most likely it isn't so much about the place in itself, but more about the places and people that have made us feel AT home…
Richelle Mead, Frostbite|Wow. What'd he do to deserve that? Rescue orphans from a burning building? If so, you might want to make sure he didn't set the building on fire in the first place.
T.N. Suarez, The Limbo Tree|Write for a cause,NOT APPLAUSEWrite to express,NOT TO IMPRESS.Writing isn’t just about being noticed…IT'S BEING REMEMBERED.
LeRoy Robert Ripley|It's a pretty good little old place after all, and I have little time for the gloomers who are eternally shrieking that this old mud ball is rolling to the bow wows. I am satisfied to take my chances with this one, thank you, and not worry about the next . . . You must carry along with you a lively imagination and plenty of romance in your soul. Some of the most wonderful things in the world will seem dull and drab unless you view them in the proper light.
Douglas Brinkley|Development is a voluntary process. You need a positive decision to make the right steps, but it starts with introspection.
Steve Maraboli|Think about the people you love, appreciate, and admire… If today was the last day you could speak with them… What would you say… and what are you waiting for?
Jeyn Roberts, Dark Inside|I simply feel that now we've so utterly perfected the walkie-talkie to the point where it has become the iPhone, maybe we could turn the great minds that brought us the Nintendo Wii, to, say, getting fresh water to the one billion people on our planet who don't have it.
Dave Burgess, Teach Like a Pirate: Increase Student Engagement, Boost Your Creativity, and Transform Your Life As an Educator|Then said a teacher , speak to us of teaching . And he said :The teacher who walks in the shadow of the temple among his followers gives not of his wisdom but rather of his faith and his lovingness.The astronomer may spaeak to you of his understanding of space , but he cannot give you his understanding.The musician may sing to you of the rythem which is in all space , but he cannot give you the ear which arrests the rythem nor the voice that echoes it .And he who is versed in the science of numbers can tell of the regions of weight and measure , but he cannot conduct you thither .For the vision of one man lends not its wings to another man .
Henry Ossawa Tanner|In any business, the more you learn, the more sympathetic you can be to other people's positions.
Criss Jami, Healology|Hopefully, when your actions and deeds - and therefore other people - boast for you, you're made tired of hearing it, too, from your own mouth because if not, all could lose sight of those actions and deeds behind the gong of your boasting.
Dolly Parton|I have an answering machine in my car. It says, I'm home now. But leave a message and I'll call when I'm out.
Bliss Addison, Sleight of Hand|First her body goes missing, then her finger.
Edith Wharton, The House of Mirth|It was before him again in its completeness -- the choice in which she was content to rest: in the stupid costliness of the food and the showy dulness of the talk, in the freedom of speech which never arrived at wit and the freedom to act which never made for romance. The strident setting of the restaurant, in which their table seemed set apart in a special glare of publicity, and the presence at it of little Dabham of the "Riviera Notes," emphasized the ideals of a world where conspicuousness passed for distinction, and the society column had become the roll of fame.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, We|Thenceforth they thought that, rationally concluded, doubt could become an instrument of knowledge.
Laura Ruby, Bone Gap|Before you say it, Derek's boyfriend doesn't look anything like me. ""How would you know?
Tim Chester, Good News To The Poor|It is bad enough when rich Christians show little concern for the poor, but when they moan about their lot, they show contempt not only for the poor but also for the generosity of God.
Beverley Price, Blood Bound|True vampires that want to build a strong family does not go around turning people just because they want to. But even the most sensible of vampire can be tempted by beauty. When you come across someone whose beauty seems to be made of the stars themselves, then you want to preserve that beauty forever. Despite knowing that it may not be the best idea in the world. But then beauty is a power all of its own.
Bert McCoy|To see the positive or not to see the positive, this is the question.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Confident in spirit, courageous in soul.
Chris Cordova|We as human beings appear to be in the most adverse stages in our evolution. How can the Mother Earth survive when the souls of Her sons are tainted with avarice, and the very minds which shape Her fate are dominated by ego? Minds that are prone to paranoia and can no longer trust its brothers. Humanity is at a crossroads. A crossroads which speaks of either profound change or ultimate destruction.
Josh Lanyon, The Hell You Say|There’s still this thing that happens after you break up withsomeone. It barely takes any time to work. All you have to dois continue with your life, and then when you find yourself in aroom with her again it’s as if you’re a different person. Maybeyour posture is a little more confident. Maybe your laughter islouder. You’re wearing perfume she’s never smelled before andyou have a new way of pinning back your hair. You don’t evenhave to say anything because your presence alone is enough tosay Look at who I am without you.
E.E. Cummings|And what I said was I’ll miss you, What I meant to say was that I love you, What I wanted to say was that I meant what I said I miss you like I miss my own bedafter too many nights of sleeping on couchesor hardwood floors Or sitting silently behind the doors Of hotel rooms became wounds Breathing life in to this loneliness I miss youLike a burn victim must miss their own skinI miss you like a sad ending Must miss someplace new to beginBecause some say that the highway becomes a flat line if you travel it for too longI can’t tell if that’s true or false, But I’m racing down it towards you trying to find myPulse.
Robert Montgomery Knight|Sure, there is an undeniable pleasure in rooting for a winning team and in being able to look down on opposing fans with equal measures of superiority and disdain. But that's also the Ruthian drawback in rooting for the Yankees (along with high ticket prices, overpriced concessions and crude neighbors). The true pleasure in sports comes not from simply winning but from watching a team overcome adversity to win in the end. The joy of sports is never the final destination, it's the journey. It's experiencing the highs and lows, and appreciating those highs all the more because of the awful lows. 
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Distinctive Footprints of Life: Where Are You Heading Towards?|I see you, I see others and I want to see you more.
E.M. Forster, Howards End|Culture had worked in her own case, but during the last few weeks she had doubted whether it humanized the majority, so wide and so widening is the gulf that stretches between the natural and the philosophic man, so many the good chaps who are wrecked in trying to cross it.
Mike Davidson|Today, comics is one of the very few forms of mass communication in which individual voices still have a chance to be heard.
Randy Pausch, The Last Lecture|There's a lot of talk these days about giving children self-esteem. It's not something you can give; it's something they have to build. Coach Graham worked in a no-coddling zone. Self-esteem? He knew there was really only one way to teach kids how to develop it: You give them something they can't do, they work hard until they find they can do it, and you just keep repeating the process.
Han Kang, Human Acts|Be patient with everyone you meet, for you may never know whether your words were the last they ever heard.
Chelsea Cain|For me, beauty is more about prevention than anything. Especially now that I've hit 30, it's more about being careful and maintaining my skin. I want to keep my youth and freshness and be wrinkle-free as long as possible because I don't want to have to cheat - that's what I call any cosmetic surgeries: cheating.
Alice Munro|I love actors that are brave, that are courageous. And courage to me is not the absence of fear, it's the presence of fear, and they go to places that really scare them, because as an audience, that's where you feel danger.
Debasish Mridha M.D.|Never defend yourself, but define yourself with your imagination and actions.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Complete Illustrated Novels of Sherlock Holmes: A Study in Scarlet, The Sign of the Four, The Hound of the Baskervilles & The Valley of Fear|I know.” He leaned in and brushed his knuckles across her cheek. “And you can try and pretend it’s okay. That you’re strong and tough and you don’t need anyone. That you didn’t need her. But that’s all bullshit. I know it, and you know it.”Savannah stared at Cole.“You’re so pushy. I told you my story. Why can’t you leave it alone?”“Have you ever dealt with it?”She’d spent so many years holding it all inside.“I’m here right now, aren’t I? I obviously dealt with my past.”“I’m not talking about surviving it. Yeah, you survived it. But you haven’t let go of it.” He rubbed her arm. “What she did to you mattered. It wasn’t fair.”He was wrong. She was fine. It didn’t matter. She had always shown everyone how strong she was.“Show me how you feel, Peaches.”Her bottom lip trembled. She got up, walked to the window to look outside, staring at the darkness, not really seeing anything but the years falling away, stripping away the cool, confident woman she was now, revealing the scared little girl she once was. She’d vowed to never go back to that place, to never revisit those feelings again, yet here she stood.Cole wrapped his arms around her. She stiffened.“It’s okay to be vulnerable, Savannah, to let someone see you scared.”“I’m not scared. Not anymore.
K.A. Hill, The Winners' Guide|Sometimes or most of the time, we need to remind ourselves that we're not a KID anymore.
Michele Jaffe, Ghost Flower|I sat on a toilet watching the water run thinking what an odd thing tourism is. You fly off to a strange land, eagerly abandoning all the comforts of home and then expend vast quantities of time and money in a largely futile effort to recapture the comforts you wouldn’t have lost if you hadn’t left home in the first place.
Tom Hays, Twisted by the Wind: A Journal of Inspirations, Conversations and Imaginations|If he ever changes his stance on something, it's because he's received new information.
Euripides|They dream in courtship, but in wedlock wake.
Flannery O'Connor, Everything That Rises Must Converge: Stories| 'Venti caramel macchiato, please,' he said. 'Hold the snobbery.' The barista laughed and hit buttons on his register. 'You sure? We're having a sale on social mobility. The longer your coffee order takes to place, the more you have to pay.' 'Perfect. Reverse consumerism.' 
Andrea Gibson, The Madness Vase: By Andrea Gibson|The nutritionist said I should eat root vegetables.Said if I could get down thirteen turnips a dayI would be grounded, rooted.Said my head would not keep flying awayto where the darkness lives.The psychic told me my heart carries too much weight.Said for twenty dollars she’d tell me what to do.I handed her the twenty. She said, “Stop worrying, darling.You will find a good man soon.”The first psycho therapist told me to spendthree hours each day sitting in a dark closetwith my eyes closed and ears plugged.I tried it once but couldn’t stop thinkingabout how gay it was to be sitting in the closet.The yogi told me to stretch everything but the truth.Said to focus on the out breath. Said everyone finds happinesswhen they care more about what they givethan what they get.The pharmacist said, “Lexapro, Lamicatl, Lithium, Xanax.”The doctor said an anti-psychotic might help meforget what the trauma said.The trauma said, “Don’t write these poems.Nobody wants to hear you cryabout the grief inside your bones.”But my bones said, “Tyler Clementi jumpedfrom the George Washington Bridgeinto the Hudson River convincedhe was entirely alone.”My bones said, “Write the poems.
Stevie Wonder|Whatever you want in life, other people are going to want it too. Believe in yourself enough to accept the idea that you have an equal right to it.
Alexander Wang|I really love advertising art of the '50s and the way mid-century design was often represented in jazzy, fast art.
Robert Fanney, The War of Mists|If I could make a dream real, I would not kill anything unless it could never be changed at heart.
Stephen King, The Dark Tower|Of course it's heavier, he thought. It's got my grief in it. I pull it along with me everywhere I go, so I do.
Systenious Makhubele|You get exactly what you want, Anatole’s always suspected, only when you get it it’s no longer what you want, you need something else.
John Patrick Hickey, Oops! Did I Really Post That|Good manners is just being respectful of others. Whether you know them or not, you should show respect for all people.
Annette Bening|The name Muhammad is the most common name in the world. In all the countries around the world - Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, Morocco, Turkey, Syria, Lebanon - there are more Muhammads than anything else. When I joined the Nation of Islam and became a Muslim, they gave me the most famous name because I was the champ.
Nataly Kelly, Found in Translation: How Language Shapes Our Lives and Transforms the World|In a society in which equality is a fact, not merely a word, words of racial or sexual assault and humiliation will be nonsense syllables.
Hare Krishna Chandrasekaran|Holy crap, Caleb! You're my uncle." Nick"No!" Caleb"It's worse. He's the half-brother of your great-grandfather." Kody"You're not helping." Caleb"No, but I'm entertaining myself at your adorable expense." Kody"Yeah, y'all are missing the important fact. To a Cajun, that makes him my uncle." Nick"Great. I always wanted to be a monkey's uncle. Nice to know I finally succeeded." Caleb
Elizabeth Gilbert, The Signature of All Things|The love between Uncle Dees and Roger was every bit as enduring as it had been immediate. They were never to be seen apart, man and dog, not since the moment of their introduction. Very quickly after their arrival in Amsterdam four years earlier, Roger had given Alma to understand that he was no longer her dog--that, in fact, he had never been her dog, nor had he ever been Ambrose's dog, but that he had been Dees' dog all along, by force of pure and plain destiny. The fact that Roger was born in distant Tahiti, whereas Dees van Devender resided in Holland, had been the result, Roger appeared to believe, of an unfortunate clerical error, now thankfully rectified.
Omar Nelson Bradley|Ours is a world of nuclear giants and ethical infants. We know more about war than we know about peace, more about killing than we know about living. We have grasped the mystery of the atom and rejected the Sermon on the Mount.
Tom Robbins, Jitterbug Perfume|There is a comfort in conformity, a security in control, that is appealing. There is a thrill in domination, and we are all secretly attracted to violence.
Joel Osteen|I Rather Quit from a Bad Environment regardless if it's a job or an situation that puts you on a vicious circle than blindly pressing on, ignoring the inner feeling that is inside you.Don't just say "I'll never quit", take the time to think about what you want to do in your life. And decide if you should quit or not, Do not force yourself to keep going or let people pressure to stay in a bad environment where you are not growing and developing as an person.Be your person, You will end up quitting at some point but don't quit if you decide to try another way in life
Aberjhani, The River of Winged Dreams|Un-winged and naked, sorrow surrenders its crown to a throne called grace.
Debasish Mridha|Pure love is an unmediated, unmitigated, and unrevealing, but everlasting source of joy for the giver and for the receiver.
Chelsea Clinton, It's Your World: Get Informed, Get Inspired & Get Going!|Born in 1987 in Malawi, William grew up in a village with no electricity or running water, and in a family that barely survived on the food it grew with a little left over to pay for school. After a terrible drought in 2001, William had to drop out of school because his family could no longer afford his school fees. He kept educating himself by going to the library and reading everything he could. One day, he found a book on windmills and determined he'd build one. So he did. Starting with scrap parts he found in light bulbs and radios. William built the first windmill he or his village had ever seen. And it worked, generating electricity for his family and his neighbors.Williamkamkwamba.com
Joseph Fink, Welcome to Night Vale|What did you do for them, Bone? Teach them to read and write? Help them rebuild, give the, Christ, help restore a culture? Did you remember to warn the, that it could never be Eden?
Joan Frances Turner, Dust|Tony, Tony,come around, something's lost that can't be found.
Roland Barthes, Roland Barthes|What right does my present have to speak of my past? Has my present some advantage over my past? What "grace" might have enlightened me? except that of passing time, or of a good cause, encountered on my way?
Fox Benwell, Kaleidoscope Song|Sometimes, sometimes you find a riff that fits so comfortably, you wish it would go on forever.
Abhijit Naskar|There is a system alright, but the actual element of education has long gone.
C.K. Webb|Edit your manuscript until your fingers bleed and you have memorized every last word. Then, when you are certain you are on the verge of insanity...edit one more time!
Nicola Formichetti|Being a consultant is like flying first-class. The food is terrific, the drinks are cold. But all you can do is walk up to the pilot and say, 'bank left.' If you're in management, you have the controls.
Joan Thomas, Curiosity|The poor love life as passionately as the rich do. Perhaps more, for the effort it takes to cling to it.
Mahatma Gandhi|In the long history of the world, only a few generations have been granted the role of defending freedom in its hour of maximum danger. I do not shrink from this responsibility - I welcome it.
Fernando Pessoa|The rustic, the reader of novels, the pure ascetic: these three are truly happy men
William Styron, Sophie's Choice|It was true that I had traveled great distances for one so young, but my spirit had remained landlocked, unacquainted with love and all but a stranger to death…I had absented myself in my smug and airless self-deprivation.
V.S. Carnes, Sand for Dreams|They were literally inches from being buried alive in this place, millions of miles from home or any sort of civilization, where they would never be found or mourned... and Caine continued to smile.Sweet heavens, he was completely out of his mind!
Carlos A.  Rodriguez, Designed For Inheritance: A Discovery of Sonship|Tough times don't define you, they refine you. ‪
Tom Waits|There ain't no devil, only God when he's drunk.
Kemi Sogunle|You can't attack the giants in your life, if you are not aiming to strike and hit the target. You can't run a race in vain, if you have no plans to win or finish it. Start, strive and aim high...never give up. Your best is yet to come!
Pearl S. Buck, The Good Earth|To those at the great house it means nothing, this handful of earth, but to me it means how much!" (Buck, 57)
Chad Orzel, Eureka: Discovering Your Inner Scientist|So, look at the world around you, and if you notice things that don't seem right - injustices, inefficiencies, or just oddities - investigate them further. Think about why and how those things might happen and what you could do to change them for the better. Test your ideas by trying new things, making more observations, refining your models, and repeating the process. And when you find something that works to explain or improve your situation, tell everyone about it, so we can all benefit.
Julie Kagawa, The Iron Daughter|I'd been making desicions for days.I picked out the dress Bailey would wear forever-a black slinky one- innapropriate- that she loved.I chose a sweater to go over it, earrings, bracelet, necklace, her most beloved strappy sandals.I collected her makeup to give to the funeral director with a recent photo-I thought it would be me that would dress her;I didn't think a strange man should see her nakedtouch her bodyshave her legsapply her lipstickbut that's what happened all the same.I helped Gram pick out the casket,the plot at the cemetery.I changed a few linesin the obituary that Big composed.I wrote on a piece of paper what I thoughtshould go on the headstone.I did all this without uttering a word.Not one word, for days,until I saw Bailey before the funeraland lost my mind.I hadn't realized that when people say so-and-sosnappedthat's what actually happens-I started shaking her-I thought I could wake her upand get her the hell out of that box.When she didn't wake,I screamed: Talk to me.Big swooped me up in his arms, carried me out of the room, the church,into the slamming rain,and down to the creekwhere we sobbed togetherunder the black coat he held over our headsto protect us from the weather.
Jeffrey Fry|So where do you go? Back to the bottle And back to a tiny room somewhere. And wait. And wait, and wait. That's all.
AHMED KULHAJI|IF WE BELIEVE IN VICTORY WITH NO STRUGGLE, THEN OUR FAITH IS COMPROMISED..!!
Lynn Peril, Pink Think: Becoming a Woman in Many Uneasy Lessons|[N]ow that I am drawing to the close of this work, in which I have spoken of so many important things done by the Americans, to what the singular prosperity and growing strength of that people ought mainly to be attributed, I should reply: To the superiority of their women.
Mordakhi|Remember, I might be the wind, but you control the kite.
Michael Paterniti|For correct writing, the cultivation of patience and mental accuracy is essential. Throughout the young author's period of apprenticeship, he must keep reliable dictionaries and textbooks at his elbow; eschewing as far as possible that hasty extemporaneous manner of writing which is the privilege of more advanced students.
|When most people think about success, the first thing that usually comes to their minds is money. But in reality, that is not what success is really made of. Success is triumphing in every endeavor that you engage yourself in. Success is getting back up after been knocked down by circumstances. Success is not allowing fears and doubts to keep you stagnant or cause you to move backwards.
Mandy Moore|The bottom line: health care reform is about the patient, not about the physician.
Mohsin Hamid|I am not deeply involved in Australian politics but I know there are prime ministers, governments around the world who are not acting responsibly in relation to climate change.
Henry David Thoreau|She has great breasts," the Colonel said without looking up from the whale."DO NOT OBJECTIFY WOMEN'S BODIES!" Alaska shouted.Now he looked up. "Sorry. Perky breasts.""That's not any better!
Umberto Eco|After a time he found and opened a book he had been reading that he had expected to end well, a romance which he wanted to end well, with the hero and heroine finding love, with peace and joy and redemption and understanding.Love is two bodies with one soul, he read, and turned the page.But there was nothing - the final page had been ripped away and used as toilet paper or smoked, and there was no hope or joy or understanding. There was no last page. The book of his life just broke off. There was only the mud below him and the filthy sky above. There was to be no peace and no hope. And Dorrigo Evans understood that the love story would go on forever and ever, world without end.
Ashish Dalela, Sankhya and Science: Applications of Vedic Philosophy to Modern Science|The populace think that your rejection of popular standards is a rejection of all standard, and mere antinomianism; and the bold sensualist will use the name of philosophy to gild his crimes. But the law of consciousness abides.
Zeena Schreck|Shapeshifting requires the ability to transcend your attachments, in particular your ego attachments to identity and who you are. If you can get over your attachment to labeling yourself and your cherishing of your identity, you can be virtually anybody. You can slip in and out of different shells, even different animal forms or deity forms.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|We ask, ‘Why the need for God?’ Maybe the better question is ‘Why the need not to need Him?’ And could it be that that question in fact evidences our need for Him?
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah|You shall only continue to feel bitter when you continue to make your mind the door step for footprints of bitterness! When you mind your mind, you mind your mind, you mind your heart, you mind your body and you mind your spirit! The only rest stop in your body for bitterness is your mind. Don’t forget! mind your mind!
Kaylea Cross, Collateral Damage|An eerie silence has descended over the house. Every few minutes, I hear a grunt and the scraping sound of a box dragging along the floor. Other than that, there’s nothing. It’s like the silence is the actual articulation of the emptiness we all feel.
Sam Kean, The Disappearing Spoon: And Other True Tales of Madness, Love, and the History of the World from the Periodic Table of the Elements|I have found that if I tend to a person’s illness rather than to theperson, I am going to treat that person as if they are their illness. In doing so, I run the risk of limiting them greatly and helping them to focus in on their illness as if that is all they are. It is so important to see and help a person and not just a condition. Everyone is different, with unique twists and challenges, so the same herbs are not applied for the same 'condition.' The herbs chosen are connected to the whole personincluding their illness, their constitution, their diet, their psychology, theirhistory, their tastes, their lifestyle, and their joys and sorrows. I alwaystry to set a person up to succeed, and take their preferences, abilities, stamina, and financial resources into account when helping choose their plant medicines.
Cheryl Strayed, Wild: From Lost to Found on the Pacific Crest Trail|I was twenty-two, the same age she was when she'd been pregnant with me. She was going to leave my life at the same moment that I came into hers, I thought. For some reason that sentence came fully formed into my head just then, temporarily blotting out the Fuck them prayer. I almost howled in agony. I almost choked to death on what I knew before I knew. I was going to live the rest of my life without my mother.
Tosca Lee, Havah: The Story of Eve|Not yet," he wailed, as raw as the earth. "But you lay as though already dead, and I cannot go on without you. Do not leave me; do not die!" And I felt a grief from him to melt the mountain ice. Grief to drown in. Grief to both rend my heart and mend it at once.
Mordred, Forever Alive|Potter, you can skin Malfoy's shrivelfig...
Nadia Bolz-Weber, Accidental Saints: Finding God in All the Wrong People|That's the crazy thing about Christianity — the idea that the finite can contain the infinite. After all, what is the incarnation if not that? So there's an incredible physicality to the spiritual within the Christian story. There's not this weird sort of  Greek separation, where there's a higher spiritual world and a corrupted, bad world of  flesh. It's all one. Because if God chose to have a body, there's a way in which spiritual things are revealed in the physical things that are all around us — bread, wine, people, tears, laughter.
Erin Foster|Dating is really hard because everyone puts on a front. It's really difficult to see who is who, so it is important to be yourself.
Christina Engela, Dead Man's Hammer|Ramalama was moving higher in the sky already, the day was getting on. He was going to be late getting to San Fedora for his meeting with the Sheriff. And as a bounty hunter – even a good one with a lot of work, time is money. It seemed today that time was running out for Beck the Badfeller.
Alexander Meiklejohn|To talk about liberty and freedom is nice, lovely, but the important thing is to allow people to act in liberty and freedom.
Ayn Rand|The moments of happiness we enjoy take us by surprise. It is not that we seize them, but that they seize us.
Sara  Humphreys, Brave the Heat|Did you need Jordan for something, Cookie?" Gavin asked with thinly veiled impatience. Hands back in his pockets, he took a step away from Jordan. "Or do you merely excel at crappy timing?"	"Sorry, Chief." Cookie's short purple-and-blue hair stuck out in a hundred different directions, and she winked when she peeked out from behind the swinging door....	"It's a gift."	"That's not what I would call it," he grumbled.
Neil deGrasse Tyson, The Sky Is Not the Limit: Adventures of an Urban Astrophysicist|We are not supposed to all be the same, feel the same, think the same, and believe the same. The key to continued expansion of our Universe lies in diversity, not in conformity and coercion. Conventionality is the death of creation.
Mohiro Kitoh, Bokurano: Ours, Vol. 6|Some believe they can,   Some believe that they cannot.      Both are clearly right
Lailah Gifty Akita|if every individual sweeps in front of their house, the community will be clean. If the community is clean; our coastal ecosystems (rivers, lagoons, wetlands etc) shall be clear clean waters.
Ernest Hemingway, A Farewell to Arms|Most nightmares are caged in their realm by implausibilities. The sleeper slogs through quicksand in a fun house of frightening nonsense and disjointed mumbo jumbo. But everything’s all better once the bedside lamp is back on, because reality, even when it’s bad, is easily distinguished from night terror. Except for the trying-to-scream dream. That one’s pretty much spot-on.
Chris Kraus, I Love Dick|It's better than sex. Reading delivers on the promise that sex raises but hardly ever can fulfill -- getting larger cause you're entering another person's language, cadence, heart and mind.
Jon Katz|I signed schoolboy forms for Watford when I was 12, but then my parents got divorced, and I never kicked a ball for three years. I rebelled, I left home, but getting back into football sorted me out. It was the second chance I needed.
Alexander Pope, Moral Essays|Men, some to business take, some to pleasure take; but every woman is at heart a rake
Arthur Schopenhauer, The Art of Controversy: And Other Posthumous Papers|[A]t bottom it is the same with traveling as with reading. How often do we complain that we cannot remember one thousandth part of what we read! In both cases, however, we may console ourselves with the reflection that the things we see and read make an impression on the mind before they are forgotten, and so contribute to its formation and nurture…
Malala Yousafzai|Real education enhances the dignity of a human being and increases his or her self-respect. If only the real sense of education could be realized by each individual and carried forward in every field of human activity, the world will be so much a better place to live in.
Laura Lippman, The Most Dangerous Thing|Let's live to regret this" (Martin Riggs [Mel Gibson] to Lorna Cole [Rene Russo] in Lethal Weapon 3)
Sarah Mayberry, Burning Up|Later she would think about how he'd snuck up on her so silently. The man was on crutches - what was he, a ninja or something?
Tom Houck, Being Faithful To Your Future Spouse: Faithfulness Begins Before You Meet|In love, all kinds of love, we wait. If I can't be your dawn, I will be your sunset!
Omer Abazi|The lonlier your path is, the brighter your future will be.
Stevens Rakgogo|Fashion design gives you an opportunity to express how you feel".
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, Pray, Love|I thought about the relentless thought-processing, soul-devouring machine that is my brain, and wondered how on earth I was ever going to master it. Then I remembered that line from Jaws and couldn't help smiling: 'We're gonna need a bigger boat.
Paul D. Escott, Uncommonly Savage: Civil War and Remembrance in Spain and the United States|War cannot eliminate differing ideas and viewpoints, and partisans of the defeated side do not disappear. Though subjugated, they become a sizable political constituency in the postwar period. A dictator may be able to repress them, and in democracies a numerical majority may outvote them, but neither can change their thoughts. Since civil wars are, by nature, deep and fundamental conflicts, the competition between the views that led to war is likely to resurface. The defeated side may be chastened or subdued, but its values and ways of seeing the world reappear, in some form, in politics [107].
Adam Hartung, Create Marketplace Disruption: How to Stay Ahead of the Competition|Don't try to think outside the box- get outside the box, then think!
Lauren Oliver, Delirium|I told you," he whispers back. I can feel his breath just tickling the space behind my ear, making my hair prick up on my neck. "I like you.""You don't know me," I say quickly."I want to, though.
Doris Lessing|But it isn’t only the terror everywhere, and the fear of being conscious of it, that freezes people. It’s more than that. People know they are in a society dead or dying. They are refusing emotion because at the end of every emotion are property, money, power. They work and despise their work, and so freeze themselves. They love but know that it’s a half-love or a twisted love, and so they freeze themselves.It is possible that in order to keep love, feeling, tenderness alive, it will be necessary to feel these emotions ambiguously, even for what is false and debased, or for what is still an idea, a shadow in the willed imagination only … or if what we feel is pain, then we must feel it, acknowledging that the alternative is death. Better anything than the shrewd, the calculated, the non-committal, the refusal of giving for fear of the consequences …
Bobby Lee|If you win all the time, you lose the drama in life. To make the happy moments happy, you need the sad moments too.
James Allen, As a Man Thinketh|There is a very great difference — is there not? — between the temporal and the eternal judgments, a very great difference between a man's reputation and a man's character, for reputation is what men think and say of us, while character is what God and the angels know of us.
Haruki Murakami, South of the Border, West of the Sun|Shimamoto was in charge of the records. She'd take one from its jacket, place it carefully on the turntable without touching the grooves with her fingers, and, after making sure to brush the cartridge free of any dust with a tiny brush, lower the needle ever so gently onto the record. When the record was finished, she'd spray it and wipe it with a felt cloth. Finally she'd return the record to its jacket and its proper place on the shelf. Her father had taught her this procedure, and she followed his instructions with a terribly serious look on her face, her eyes narrowed, her breath held in check. Meanwhile, I was on the sofa, watching her every move. Only when the record was safely back on the shelf did she turn to me and give a little smile. And every time, this thought hit me: It wasn't a record she was handling. It was a fragile soul inside a glass bottle.
Valentine Davies, Miracle on 34th Street|Do you know what the imagination is, Susan?"The child nodded sagely. "That's when you see things that aren't really there.""Well, not exactly," said Kris with a smile. "No -- to me the imagination is a place all by itself. A very wonderful country. You've heard of the British Nation and the French Nation?"Susan nodded again."Well, this is the Imagination. And once you get there you can do almost anything you want.
Stephen Richards|We were all born equal, but where we are in life now is of our own making.
Barbara Kingsolver, The Poisonwood Bible|I could never work out whether we were to view religion as a life-insurance policy or a life sentence. I can understand a wrathful God who'd just as soon dangle us all from a hook. And I can understand a tender, unprejudiced Jesus. But I could never quite feature the two of them living in the same house. You wind up walking on eggshells, never knowing which... is at home at the moment.
Tom Holland|What makes creative people tingle are interesting problems, the chance to impress their friends, and caffeine.
Mary GrandPré|What a wee little part of a person's life are his acts and his words! His real life is led in his head, and is known to none but himself.
David Michie, Mindfulness Is Better Than Chocolate|Like depression, loneliness arises from unhappiness creating thoughts feeding into the insula, deepening the negative spiral of thoughts and feelings.
Guadalupe Garcia McCall, Under the Mesquite|What greater thing is there for two human souls than to feel that they are joined to strengthen each other, to be at one with each other in silent unspeakable memories
Ifeanyi Enoch Onuoha|But so long as I lived under a system of Government based on force and voluntarily partook of the many facilities and privileges it created for me, I was bound to help that Government to the extent of my ability when it was engaged in a war, unless I non-co-operated with the Government and renounced to the utmost of my capacity the privileges it offered me.
Alex Staniforth, Icefall: The True Story of a Teenager on a Mission to the Top of the World|Like everyone, I have my challenges—but they sure don’t have me.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|If they can worship a weird creature, which is even not existed; why I must not worship a beautiful one who is already here.
Chandra Talpade Mohanty, Feminism without Borders: Decolonizing Theory, Practicing Solidarity|Today, the language of the market penetrates every pore and forces every interpersonal relation into the schema of individual preference.
Nick Swardson|The best reason to go to the movies is to be with other people. Eating the popcorn, being with other people you don't know.
Alexander Graham Bell|A great deal of creativity is about pattern recognition, and what you need to discern patterns is tons of data. Your mind collects that data by taking note of random details and anomalies easily seen every day: quirks and changes that, eventually, add up to insights.
Deyth Banger|Killers are clever, victims are the people which are scare from the negativity. That's how it goes and it will go.
Richard Mitchell, The Gift of Fire|Here is a truth that most teachers will not tell you, even if they know it: Good training is a continual friend and a solace; it helps you now, and assures you of help in the future. Good education is a continual pain in the neck, and assures you always of more of the same.
Kathleen Maher, Diary of a Heretic|...I tried to pretend that what we were enacting was nothing more than an intricate kind of handshake." ~Malcolm
Addison Moore, Vex|Sometimes duplicity and treason are markers of the enemy, and sometimes, the failed intention of a masterful ally. But, nevertheless, as they burden you with a vexing brand of love, they become nothing more than the kiss of Judas, pressing a crown of thorns into your flesh.
Sheri Cobb South, The Weaver Takes a Wife|Mr. Brundy," she said with a nod, making the most perfunctory of curtsies to her father's guest.He made no move to take her hand, but merely bowed and responded in kind. "Lady '
Euginia Herlihy|Keep dreaming.If you stop dreaming, you stop living.
Anthony Hope, The Prisoner of Zenda|I am as devoted to adventure now as then, and that’s never going to stop.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|Obedience is an unpopular word nowadays, but the artist must be obedient to the work, whether it be a symphony, a painting, or a story for a small child. I believe that each work of art, whether it is a work of great genius or something very small, comes to the artist and says, "Here I am, Enflesh me. Give birth to me." And the artist either says, "My soul doth magnify the Lord," and willingly becomes the bearer of the work, or refuses; but the obedient response is not necessarily a conscious one, and not everyone has the humble, courageous obedience of Mary.
S.R. Crawford, No Secrets: Eternity series|No offense, doll, but that’s not something I’m willing to share. I’d prefer to live a long and happy life if it’s all the same to you.”“You can’t just throw out vague allegations and then say nothing else!”“See, that’s the good thing about being a fugitive like me. I can do what the hell I like, and I’m not answerable to anyone.” Stepping away from the bars, he stands with his legs stretched out wide. His stance matches his grin.“Sure looks like that’s working out well for you,” I say, piercing him with a scornful look.
Thomas Mann, Death in Venice|At life's most significant moments, we are always alone
George Orwell|Good prose should be transparent, like a window pane.
Robert Kanigel, The Man Who Knew Infinity: A Life of the Genius Ramanujan|Plenty of mathematicians, Hardy knew, could follow a step-by-step discursus unflaggingly—yet counted for nothing beside Ramanujan. Years later, he would contrive an informal scale of natural mathematical ability on which he assigned himself a 25 and Littlewood a 30. To David Hilbert, the most eminent mathematician of the day, he assigned an 80. To Ramanujan he gave 100.
Amaka Imani Nkosazana, Sweet Destiny|I Love You! Three words that mean nothing if not followed through with actions. It seems to be more relevant in the terms of showing verses saying. Anyone can say it, because there are different kinds of love. But, few are willing to actually show it. Saying is one thing. Living proof is another.
Mary Wortley Montagu|No entertainment is so cheap as reading, nor any pleasure so lasting.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The great take steps to success, the extraordinary take leaps to success, and the remarkable take flight to success.
Benjamin Hoff, The Te of Piglet|While in Bombay, I began, on one hand, my study of Indian law and, on the other, my experiments in dietetics in which Virchand Gandhi, a friend, joined me. My brother, for his part was trying his best to get me briefs. The study of India law was a tedious business. The Civil Procedure Code I could in no way get on with. Not so however, with the Evidence Act. Virchand Gandhi was reading for the Solicitor's Examination and would tell me all sorts of stories about Barristers and Vakils.
Stacey Ballis, Wedding Girl|Please, sir.” Tisarwat seemed not to have heard either of them. “We can’t leave things the way they are, and I have an idea.” That got the translator’s full attention. She looked up from the game, frowned intently at Tisarwat. “What’s it like? Does it hurt?” Tisarwat only blinked at her. “Sometimes I think I might like to get an idea, but then it occurs to me that it’s exactly the sort of thing Dlique would do.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Big Magic: Creative Living Beyond Fear|I have never created anything in my life that did not make me feel, at some point or another, like I was the guy who just walked into a fancy ball wearing a homemade lobster costume. But you must stubbornly walk into that room, regardless, and you must hold your head high. You made it; you get to put it out there. Never apologize for it, never explain it away, never be ashamed of it. You did your best with what you knew, and you worked with what you had, in the time that you were given. You were invited, and you showed up, and you simply cannot do more that that. They might throw you out - but then again, they might not. They probably won't throw you out, actually. The ballroom is often more welcoming and supportive than you could ever imagine. Somebody might even think you're brilliant and marvelous. You might end up dancing with royalty. Or you might just end up having to dance alone in the corner of the castle with your big, ungainly red foam claws waving in the empty air. that's fine, too. Sometimes it's like that. What you absolutely must not do is turn around and walk out. Otherwise, you will miss the party, and that would be a pity, because - please believe me - we did not come all this great distance, and make all this great effort, only to miss the party at the last moment.
Adam Smith|Since our society equates happiness with youth, we often assume that sorrow, quiet desperation, and hopelessness go hand in hand with getting older. They don't. Emotional pain or numbness are symptoms of living the wrong life, not a long life.
Ana Claudia Antunes, ACross Tic|For there is no such thing: Right person at the right time! Instead with the right team, Embrace Time that simply flies.Never when meeting old friends Does time really pass by?In trust and truth they make amends So Time they can really defy. Hence, no one denies then: In all it revitalizes. Principled friendship never dies!
Jason Aaron|I don't think there's a problem with being a teen idol, if that happens to me, I'll be happy to deal with it.
Thomas Ligotti, Songs of a Dead Dreamer and Grimscribe|When the world uncovers some dark disguise,Embrace the darkness with averted eyes.
|In order to live up to your full potential on earth, you must always challenge and replace any thought or belief that goes against your happiness and success.
Cynthia Hand, Unearthly|I am amazed at how being with him changes everything for me, socially speaking.
Robin McKinley, Sunshine|At first, I taste bitter but slowly and gradually, I become your best friend at the times of happiness and sorrow. I no longer taste bitter. Then, you crave for me. You can’t live without me. Embrace me I am your ‘Love at first sip’. I am your best friend; I am your worst nightmare.”										 -ALCOHOL.
Lauren Oliver, Before I Fall|He and I have a head-nod friendship, since that's pretty much the limit of our interaction.
Annie Lennox|Death is a very dull, dreary affair, and my advice to you is to have nothing whatsoever to do with it.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Fairness is not something to which we are entitled. Rather, it is something for which we hope.
Clifford D. Simak, Time Is the Simplest Thing|When in doubt, know your way out, I always say.""I thought you always said, 'When in doubt, blame the dark elves.'""Well, yeah, that too.""I don't think those are very practical solutions to doubt," Oberon said. "They don't leave you feeling satisfied. 'When in doubt, eat your neighbor's lunch' is better, because then you would at least be full.
|As long as you continue to be in positive control of your thoughts and beliefs, your life will never seize to be a beautiful journey.
J.P. Moreland, Love Your God with All Your Mind: The Role of Reason in the Life of the Soul|There comes a time when attachments no longer clasp you; the drift begins slowly and you can comprehend that all relationships are hollow, phoney and transient.
Ravindra Shukla, A Maverick Heart: Between Love and Life|When people of similar frequencies come together, output is not a simple sum of individual work, but exponential. In science we term this phenomenon as resonance. Output at this stage is beyond any logical limit.
Alia Bhatt|I like everything perfect. Everything has to be neat. My sister is 5, and she's more messy than I am. I make my bed every morning, everything's perfect. My shoes are all arranged. It's sad. I'm a little like Ray, a little bit.
Mike Rowe|Hard work spotlights the character of people: some turn up their sleeves, some turn up their noses, and some don't turn up at all.
Michael Caine|I pray before I go into the operating room for every case, and I ask him to give me wisdom, to help me to know what to do - and not only for operating, but for everything.
Julia Quinn, Dancing at Midnight|I'm Kieran. You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room,
Alexis de Tocqueville|For most of human history people owned other people. Then, only a hundred and fifty years ago, our ancestors figured out that was a bad idea. One day we’ll figure out, or our descendants will figure out, that people owning land they don’t live on or work is a bad idea too.
S.M. Parker, The Girl Who Fell|His chair glides a few inches closer and he's in my face, all shoulders and cologne.
Harold S. Kushner|She wanted to touch him, to throw her arms around him — but something held her back. Maybe it was the fear that her arms would pass right through him, that she would have come all this way only to find a ghost after all.As though he’d been able to read her thoughts, he slowly angled toward her. He raised his hands and held his palms out to her. Isobel lifted her own hands to mirror his. He pressed their palms together, his fingers folding down to lace through hers. She felt a rush of warmth course through her, a relief as pure and sweet as spring rain.He was real. This was real. She had found him. She could touch him. She could feel him. Finally they were together. Finally, finally, they could forget this wasted world and go home."I knew it wasn’t true," she whispered. "I knew you wouldn’t stop believing." He drew her close.Leaning into him, she felt him press his lips to her forehead in a kiss. As he spoke, the cool metal of his lip ring grazed her skin, causing a shudder to ripple through her."You..." His voice, low and breathy, reverberated through her, down to the thin soles of her slippers. "You think you’re different," he said. She felt his hands tighten around hers, gripping hard, too hard.A streak of violet lightning split the sky, striking close behind them.The house, Isobel thought. It had been struck. She could hear it cracking apart. She looked for only a brief moment, long enough to watch it split open."But you’re not," Varen said, calling her attention back to him. Isobel winced, her own hands surrendering under the suddenly crushing pressure of his hold. A face she did not recognize stared down at her, one twisted with anger — with hate."You," he scarcely more than breathed, "are just like every. Body. Else."He moved so fast. Before she could register his words or the fact that she had once spoken them to him herself, he jerked her to one side. Isobel felt her feet part from the rocks. Weightlessness took hold of her as she swung out and over the ledge of the cliff.As he let her go.The wind whistled its high and lonely song in her ears. She fell away into the oblivion of the storm until she could no longer see the cliff — could no longer see him.Only the slip of the pink ribbon as it unraveled from her wrist, floating up and away from her and out of sight forever.
Mark Twain, The Innocents Abroad/Roughing It|Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness, and many of our people need it sorely on these accounts. Broad, wholesome, charitable views of men and things cannot be acquired by vegetating in one little corner of the earth all one's lifetime.
Chico Xavier|I'm not irreplaceable ... I'm nothing but grass growing on the ground; when the grass dies, another one replaces it ...
Peter Landesman|People wrestle sometimes making movies, and I think that conflict is a very essential thing. I think a lot of very happy productions have produced a lot of very banal movies.
Maya Van Wagenen, Popular: Vintage Wisdom for a Modern Geek|No popularity exists when tragedy strikes. All that's left are human hearts and love and ache. We all love each other, deep down, and when we see another soul in pain we can't help but hurt too.
Trudi Canavan|We need to be aware of what we are capable of first and realize that if you place your dreams really really high, you do have the potential to get to that level.
Jamie McGuire, A Beautiful Wedding|The horse gave his arm a nudge when he reached to remove the headstall. With his large hand, he gave the animal an affectionate stroke on the neck that gave Charli a tug way deep down in her lemon yellow panties.
Raymond D. Longoria Jr.|Giving Thanks unlocks the fullness of life. It turns what we have, no matter how little, into more than enough. It turns denial into acceptance, chaos to order, confusion to clarity. Gratitude can change a modest meal into a feast, a humble house into a loving home, a stranger into a caring friend.
forgive|Accept, forgive and forget. Forgive not only the people who hurt us, but also forgive ourselves, accepting whatever is the outcome, then forget the wrongs, learn from them and move on. Holding on to the guilt and pain would just make life miserable for us.
Eugène Ionesco|Why do people always expect authors to answer questions? I am an author because I want to ask questions. If I had answers, I'd be a politician.
Rachael Bermingham|Businesses, like babies and books, need nurturing, time, energy, love, planning and, yes, money to develop, grow and prosper.
Ryan Phillippe|Most people who have grown up introverted in this very extroverted culture of ours have had painful experiences of feeling like they are out of step with what's expected of them. Parenting can pose unique challenges for introverted parents, who fear that their own painful experiences will be repeated in their children's lives.
Ambrose Bierce, Can Such Things Be?|Ah, children of the sunlight and the gaslight, how little you know of the world in which you live!
Melina Marchetta, On the Jellicoe Road|This is the best night of my life," Raffy says, crying."Raffy, half our House has burnt down," I say wearily. "We don't have a kitchen.""Why do you always have to be so pessimistic?" she asks. "We can double up in our rooms and have a barbecue every night like the Cadets."Silently I vow to keep Raffy around for the rest of my life.
Marty Klein|Fetishizing is the norm for males, not for females.
Ellen Debenport, The Five Principles: A Guide To Practical Spirituality|There are 10,000 explanations for why evil exist, but only one that I agree with, " And the light shineth in darkness; and the darkness comprehended it not.
Suzanne Collins, Gregor and the Prophecy of Bane|If Under fell, if Over leaped,If death was life and Death life reaped,Something rises from the gloom,To make the Underland a tombHear it scratching down below,Rat of long forgotten snow,Evil cloaked in coat of White,Will the Warrior drain your light?What could turn the Warrior week?What do burning Gnawers seek?Just a barely speaking pup That holds the Land of Under upDie the baby, die his heartDie his most essential partDie the peace that rules the hour,Gnawers have their key to power
Craig D. Lounsbrough|We somehow have led ourselves to believe that our questions are big enough to encircle life, and that life is small enough to be contained by the answers. The real question might be, are we ignorant or just plain stupid?
Will Advise, Nothing is here...|The more in control the mark thinks they are, the more easily the respond to real control.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|What you can do, has nothing to do with your parents' last name! What you can do has nothing to do with the colour of your skin! What you can do is fully determined by God! It’s simple!
Osho, The Secret of Secrets|Overall, always strive to be genuine — about who you are, what you offer, and why you do what you do.
Jon Krakauer, Missoula: Rape and the Justice System in a College Town|Rape and war, she explained are among the most common causes of post-traumatic stress disorder, and survivors of sexual assault frequently exhibit many of the same symptoms and behaviors as survivors of combat: flashbacks, insomnia, nightmares, hypervigilance, depression, isolation, suicidal thoughts, outbursts of anger, unrelenting anxiety, and an inability to shake the feeling that the world is spinning out of control.
Thomm Quackenbush, Flies to Wanton Boys|In the beginning, there was nothing. Then, out of the nothing came the Word and the Word was power. Every utterance of the Word gave form to the Void, starting with beings to utter the Word. There was no Adam, no Eve, and no need. What Man named was.
Joyce Vissell|We have been together for 40 years, married for 36. There have been three times in our relationship when we were unable to resolve an issue on our own. We used all the skill that we have and yet it was still unresolved. In those three times we sought professional help because there was a blind spot for each of us. The therapist was able to listen to both of us and help us come to a place of resolution that we both felt good about. I feel very grateful for that help. Most times we have been able to work things through on our own. Sometimes we can clear the issue in a matter of a few minutes, sometimes an hour and sometimes it can take several days. But we still keep working on it until we both say that we feel complete, we understand our own part and responsibility in the issue rather than simply blaming each other, are willing to go on, and there is an even deeper connection and sometimes even humor to the situation. In working each issue through to completion we have been able to retain a beautiful lightness in our relationship that we both cherish.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Our lives can hold just so much. If they're filled with one thing, they can't be filled with another. We ought to do a lot of thinking about what we want to fill them with.
Taylor Jenkins Reid, The Seven Husbands of Evelyn Hugo|You should know this about the rich: they always want to get richer. It is never boring, getting your hands on more money.
Rachel Autumn Deering, Husk|She had developed a number of habits in her younger years, none of which carried with them a bright future, and the things she would offer to do for a couple of dollars would make the Devil blush.
Debasish Mridha|I may not know who you are, where you are, or where you will be after I have gone, but I still love you. I came to this world to serve all of you.
Israelmore Ayivor, Dream Big!: See Your Bigger Picture!|You owe it to yourself, to refuse to surrender to obstacles that are meant to stop you from reaching far in your endeavours. Be determined that you will never be a captive of your environment.
Ken Poirot|When you're in love, there's nothing that can embarrass or surprise you.
Shirley Jackson, Hangsaman|Poor things, she thought - do they have to spend all this energy just to surround me? It seemed pitiful that these automatons should be created and wasted, never knowing more than a minor fragment of the pattern in which they were involved, to learn and follow through insensitively a tiny step in the great dance which was seen close up as the destruction of Natalie, and far off, as the end of the 
Patrick O'Brian, H.M.S. Surprise|The weather had freshened almost to coldness, for the wind was coming more easterly, from the chilly currents between Tristan and the Cape; the sloth was amazed by the change; it shunned the deck and spent its time below. Jack was in his cabin, pricking the chart with less satisfaction than he could have wished: progress, slow, serious trouble with the mainmast-- unaccountable headwinds by night-- and sipping a glass of grog; Stephen was in the mizentop, teaching Bonden to write and scanning the sea for his first albatross. The sloth sneezed, and looking up, Jack caught its gaze fixed upon him; its inverted face had an expression of anxiety and concern. 'Try a piece of this, old cock,' he said, dipping his cake in the grog and proffering the sop. 'It might put a little heart into you.' The sloth sighed, closed its eyes, but gently absorbed the piece, and sighed again. Some minutes later he felt a touch upon his knee: the sloth had silently climbed down and it was standing there, its beady eyes looking up into his face, bright with expectation. More cake, more grog: growing confidence and esteem. After this, as soon as the drum had beat the retreat, the sloth would meet him, hurrying toward the door on its uneven legs: it was given its own bowl, and it would grip it with its claws, lowering its round face into it and pursing its lips to drink (its tongue was too short to lap). Sometimes it went to sleep in this position, bowed over the emptiness. 'In this bucket,' said Stephen, walking into the cabin, 'in this small half-bucket, now, I have the population of Dublin, London, and Paris combined: these animalculae-- what is the matter with the sloth?' It was curled on Jack's knee, breathing heavily: its bowl and Jack's glass stood empty on the table. Stephen picked it up, peered into its affable bleary face, shook it, and hung it upon its rope. It seized hold with one fore and one hind foot, letting the others dangle limp, and went to sleep. Stephen looked sharply round, saw the decanter, smelt to the sloth, and cried, 'Jack, you have debauched my sloth.
Anmol Rawat, Blank Space : Filled with Inspiration|Feeling this way was a particular kind of horror, having the emotions without the memories.
Harvey Milk, The Harvey Milk Interviews: In His Own Words|Before you echo 'Amen' in your home or place of worship, think and remember...a child is listening.
Jennifer Egan, A Visit from the Goon Squad|She was clean": no piercings, tattoos, or scarifications. All the kids were now. And who could blame them, Alex thought, after watching three generations of flaccid tattoos droop like moth-eaten upholstery over poorly stuffed biceps and saggy asses?
John Scalzi, Old Man's War|You are saying that this world is destructible. No, even a single dust of the world is Absolute. In one form a man and at the same time a food is also Absolute. Though there is a change. Through changes everything remains Absolute.Human race still have not achieved their desired object. It cannot be fathomed what immense and infinite power a human body has. There is no end of it.
Charlotte Stein, The Horizon|A circular plot structure, often seen in adventure novels and quest fantasies, is a narrative devise involving setting, character, and theme. Typically a protagonist ventures from home (or the starting place of the story), goes on a journey, often a dangerous one in which many challenges are overcome, and then returns home a changed person. The plot is usually chronological, with the events occurring in a setting that becomes a circle. By returning the character to the place where he started, the author can emphasize the character’s growth or change while also highlighting the theme of the story.
Stephanie Perkins, Anna and the French Kiss|Those who die young, they are cheated,” she said. “Not cheated out of life, because life is a penance, but the young, they’re cheated because they don’t know it’s coming. They don’t have time to move closer, to return home. When you know you’re going to die, you try to be near the bones of your own people. You don’t even think you have bones when you’re young, even when you break them, you don’t believe you have them. But when you’re old, they start reminding you they’re there. They start turning to dust on you, even as you’re walking here and there, going from place to place. And this is when you crave to be near the bones of your own people. My children never felt this. They had to look death in the face, even before they knew what it was. Just like you did, no?
Zack Love, City Solipsism: A Short Story|It’s this freedom that’s the key to becoming visible again. Not caring what others think is freeing. Expressing yourself any way you want is freeing. Having opinions, emotional wisdom, spiritual understanding…these things free you. And in freedom, we find power.
Eddie  Capparucci|Smoking does not make one ill, but worrying makes. Drinking two pegs in the evening would not make you ill, but sleeping with tensions and worries would definitely do that.
Sid Fleischman|I'm an off-the-charts introvert. To me, being around groups of strangers is exhausting. I've had to sort of train myself to think about two tactics: finding common ground and invoking humor.
Nicholas Sparks, A Walk to Remember|When you please others in hopes of being accepted, you lose your self-worth in the process.
Abhijit Naskar|Christ the man died long ago, but Christ the idea of love, still exists, not in any church, rather in the mind of humans.
John Piper, Future Grace|Love never fails. Character never quits. And with patience and persistence, dreams do come true
Mary Doria Russell, The Sparrow|I believe in God the way I believe in quarks. People whose business it is to know about quantum physics or religion tell me they have good reason to believe that quarks and God exist. And they tell me that if I wanted to devote my life to learning what they've learned, I'd find quarks and God just like they did.
Margo T. Rose, The Words|True Friends look at you with no judgment in their eyes, they know you've made mistakes but they accept you for being human and help you right the wrongs
Kathleen Baldwin|My job as a writer is simple. Write a book I’m proud of, and present it as a gift to the world. Some will love it.Some will hate it.That’s the nature of art.
James Goldsmith|The first time I read an excellent work, it is to me just as if I gained a new friend; and when I read over a book I have perused before, it resembles the meeting of an old one.
George Bernard Shaw, Mrs. Warren's Profession|People are always blaming their circumstances for what they are. I don't believe in circumstances. The people who get on in this world are the people who get up and look for the circumstances they want, and if they can't find them, make them.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Ordinary people think you are crazy when you attempt the impossible, deride you when you are halfway to achieving it, and envy you when you achieve it.
Dillon Burroughs, Faith Acts: A Provocative Call to Live What You Believe|If your heart is still beating, God is not done with you yet.
Susan Wojcicki|We've seen over time that countries that have the best economic growth are those that have good governance, and good governance comes from freedom of communication. It comes from ending corruption. It comes from a populace that can go online and say, 'This politician is corrupt, this administrator, or this public official is corrupt.'
Gregory Koukl, Tactics: A Game Plan for Discussing Your Christian Convictions|The only consistent response for a relativist is, "Pushing morality is wrong for me, but that's just my personal opinion, and has nothing to do with you. Please ignore me.
Rolf Peterson|In a time of disorder [Laertes] has returned to the care of the earth, the foundation of life and hope. And Odysseus finds him in an act emblematic of the best and most responsible kind of agriculture: an old man caring for a young tree. (pg. 123, The Body and the Earth)
Tim O'Brien, The Things They Carried|To generalize about war is like generalizing about peace. Almost everything is true. Almost nothing is true. At its core, perhaps, war is just another name for death, and yet any soldier will tell you, if he tells the truth, that proximity to death brings with it a corresponding proximity to life. After a firefight, there is always the immense pleasure of aliveness. The trees are alive. The grass, the soil—everything. All around you things are purely living, and you among them, and the aliveness makes you tremble. You feel an intense, out-of-the-skin awareness of your living self—your truest self, the human being you want to be and then become by the force of wanting it. In the midst of evil you want to be a good man. You want decency. You want justice and courtesy and human concord, things you never knew you wanted. There is a kind of largeness to it, a kind of godliness. Though it’s odd, you’re never more alive than when you’re almost dead. You recognize what’s valuable. Freshly, as if for the first time, you love what’s best in yourself and in the world, all that might be lost. At the hour of dusk you sit at your foxhole and look out on a wide river turning pinkish red, and at the mountains beyond, and although in the morning you must cross the river and go into the mountains and do terrible things and maybe die, even so, you find yourself studying the fine colors on the river, you feel wonder and awe at the setting of the sun, and you are filled with a hard, aching love for how the world could be and always should be, but now is not.
Bob Harrington|A faith to live by, a self to live with, and a purpose to live for.
Toba Beta, Master of Stupidity|If you believe in peace, act peacefully; if you believe in love, acting lovingly; if you believe every which way, then act every which way, that's perfectly valid - but don't go out trying to sell your beliefs to the system. You end up contradicting what you profess to believe in, and you set a bum example. If you want to change the world, change yourself.
Lady Gaga, Lady Gaga: The Fame music book|just remember: i love you, and love yourselves. 'cause, little monsters, you were born that way baby.
Mary J. Blige|If I'm gonna spend however long it takes to make a movie, give up 14 hours a day for however many weeks or months, then it's very important for me to know that I'm working with people who I respect and enjoy and that we're going for something together.
Mikhail Bulgakov, The Master and Margarita|Nothing good is free, and nothing free is good. You want the world to change, you have to force that change behind gun smoke and lead. Blood is the price, always and ever, if you want to buy freedom.
Swami Vivekananda, Complete Works of Swami Vivekananda 8 Vol. set|all misery comes from fear, from unsatisfied desire.
R.J. Scott, The Heart of Texas|Unerringly locating Riley's dick in his loose dress pants, Jack grabbed it forcefully and leaned close to Riley's ear, hearing the quick indrawn breath from his husband. A spark of lust flashed through his own body as he contemplated what to do next. Finally he decided. He was tired of all the pussy-footing around, and the darkness of the hallway invited sin. He moved his hand on Riley's hard dick, listening to the groan in Riley's throat. Riley, you know who this belongs to? This belongs to me." He gentled the touch, twisting his hand. "I saw you flirting and sharing with those girls out there, and I'm telling you now, I don't share. No one else gets to see this.No one else gets to touch it. No one else gets to taste it. Just me. It's mine for one whole year, and I have the contract to prove it."Riley tried to form a reply as Jack moved his hand again. It was good to see the other man speechless for once."Don't worry though, husband.I'm gonna treat it so good. I've decided that I'm gonna make it,and you, feel so damn good you'll never look at another woman again. You only have to say the word, and I'll show you what you signed up for." His voice fell into a heated whisper, the words low and drawled. Now do we need to get out of here? I'm thinking I might need to take you home and show you who you belong to." Riley's eyes widened, his dick fully hard, iron in Jack's clever hands. "I can make you scream. You wouldn't even know your name when I finished with you.""Jack—please."Riley's voice was broken.Everything Jack wanted to hear."Please?"Riley blinked, unconsciously pushing his groin into Jack's hold. Jack knew what followed next was certainly not a decision Riley made with his upstairs brain. "Fuck, Jack. Let's get the hell out of here.
David Gemmell, Lord of the Silver Bow|Fear is an aid to the warrior. It is a small fire burning. It heats the muscles, making us stronger. Panic comes when the fire is out of control, consuming all courage and pride.
Phil Collins|I travel around the world constantly promoting my projects and endorsing products. Yes, I do get paid to go to parties; in fact, I'm the person who started the whole trend of paid appearances. But when you see me at a party, I'm always working or promoting something.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Name of the Wind|And it was so still. The silence of the fields seemed to enter and move familiarly through the house. The wind used the open hall. He felt that he was in a mysterious, quiet, cool danger. It was necessary to do what?...to talk.("Death Of A Traveling Salesman")
Sunday Adelaja|If we don’t know who we are, we conceal our true selves and bear their brand
Aditya Ajmera|It's very simple. Liars initiate, haters carry forward, fools spread, idiots believe and mindful void.
Walter Cronkite|When I was young, my mom realized I could dance and hold a beat, and I really danced just for fun. It was good exercise.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, White Nights|Because it begins to seem to me at such times that I am incapable of beginning a life in real life, because it has seemed to me that I have lost all touch, all instinct for the actual, the real; because at last I have cursed myself; because after my fantastic nights I have moments of returning sobriety, which are awful! Meanwhile, you hear the whirl and roar of the crowd in the vortex of life around you; you hear, you see, men living in reality; you see that life for them is not forbidden, that their life does not float away like a dream, like a vision; that their life is being eternally renewed, eternally youthful, and not one hour of it is the same as another; while fancy is so spiritless, monotonous to vulgarity and easily scared, the slave of shadows, of the idea, the slave of the first cloud that shrouds the sun... One feels that this inexhaustible fancy is weary at last and worn out with continual exercise, because one is growing into manhood, outgrowing one's old ideals: they are being shattered into fragments, into dust; if there is no other life one must build one up from the fragments. And meanwhile the soul longs and craves for something else! And in vain the dreamer rakes over his old dreams, as though seeking a spark among the embers, to fan them into flame, to warm his chilled heart by the rekindled fire, and to rouse up in it again all that was so sweet, that touched his heart, that set his blood boiling, drew tears from his eyes, and so luxuriously deceived him!
Claudialyn Rodriguez Cosentino|I'd rather believe in something and be wrong, than believe in nothing and be wrong.
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|The past is a place of reference, not a place of residence; the past is a place of learning, not a place of living.
John Smith Jr.|That which enables us to know and understand aright in the things of God, must be a living principle of holiness within us.
K.F. Germaine, Devious Minds|To consume the best for yourself and give the crumbs to God is blasphemy. A heart that truly worships is a heart that gives its best to God in time and substance. A heart that truly worships God gives generously to the causes of God---causes that God cares deeply about. I have to wonder whether someday we may wake up to discover that all our incestous spending on ourselves and our frantic construction of excessively luxurious places of worship---even as we ignore, for the most part, the hurting and the deprived of the world---filled God's heart with pain.
Kiesza|I don't think I could, with a straight face, describe myself as a completely positive person, but I'm not overly negative, either. On the whole, most writers think plots through to their consequences, and it's not always a sunny place. I have an occupational temperament for anxiety.
Terry Spear, Dreaming of a White Wolf Christmas|Owen couldn’t believe his luck. Candice Mayfair was the beautiful white wolf he’d seen that day so long ago. Not that she looked like a wolf right now. He only knew she was the wolf, unequivocally, because he recognized her scent. After the initial shock of seeing an unfamiliar and intriguing Arctic she-wolf, he’d gone after her.The whole pack had gone on a run that night, but they knew to stay far away from any campsite. He and the other guys had swum across the river to explore a bit. Cameron and his mate had stayed on the other side with the kids. He’d even swum back across the river to find her and discovered her scent had led right to one of the tents. Since she had moved into the tent, he knew she had to be one of their shifter kind. He’d even hung around the next day, waiting to catch a glimpse of her, but there were several women, and he had no idea which one had been her. Two blonds, a couple of brunettes, and a red-haired woman—none of whom looked like the picture he had of Clara Hart, though.Being a white wolf in summer had made it difficult to blend in, so he’d had to keep well out of sight.Candice Mayfair was definitely the author of the books on the website, though she didn’t look like the photo her uncle had of her, if she was Clara Hart. She had the same compelling eyes, different color, but they got his attention, grabbed hold, and wouldn’t let go.He carried her to her couch and set her down, staying close, his hand still on her arm until she seemed to regain her equilibrium.“The wolf pup was yours,” she accused, jerking her arm away from him.“Wolf pup?”“Yeah, wolf pup. Don’t pretend you don’t know about your own wolf pup.”Then all the pieces began to fall into place. Campers. Campfire. Food. Corey, the wolf pup she had to be referring to, hadn’t just found the food like they’d thought. Candice must not have been a wolf until that night.“You fed him? Corey? His mom wondered why he smelled of beef jerky that night. We thought he’d found some at the campsite. Don’t tell me…he bit you.
Ramana Pemmaraju|Writing is probably the only form of art, through which you can express, which you would otherwise wouldn't dare to say in person....
Sarah Addison Allen, The Sugar Queen|Now a soft kiss - Aye, by that kiss, I vow an endless bliss.
Frederick Espiritu, The Path to Awesomeness: Becoming Super, Being Human|Love is silent. Yet it could fill the spaces no other sound can ever do. Truth is there’s no sound without silence. We can listen to all the beautiful songs, but unless we can hear where the music is coming from, the empty spaces of our lives can never be filled and the song we sing will have no meaning.
H. G. Wells|Borrow trouble for yourself, if that's your nature, but don't lend it to your neighbours.
Dada Bhagwan|God says that, ‘Either you tell me that you want only God, or you tell me that you want this worldly life; then I will give it to you.’ Do these people really want God? They actually want a house, they want wife and children.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline|A poor man in this world can be done to death in two main ways, by the absolute indifference of his fellows in peacetime or by their homicidal mania when there's a war.
David Hieatt, Do Purpose: Why Brands with a Purpose Do Better and Matter More|Hot passion is a bit like infatuation – it burns brightly, but fades quickly.
Neil Gaiman, The Graveyard Book|Face your life, its pain, its pleasure, leave no path untaken.
Richelle E. Goodrich, Slaying Dragons|When someone tells me to 'just relax,' I wonder why they don’t hand me a book?
Carl Sagan, Dragons of Eden: Speculations on the Evolution of Human Intelligence|While ritual, emotion and reasoning are all significant aspects of human nature, the most nearly unique human characteristic is the ability to associate abstractly and to reason. Curiosity and the urge to solve problems are the emotional hallmarks of our species; and the most characteristically human activities are mathematics, science, technology, music and the arts--a somewhat broader range of subjects than is usually included under the "humanities." Indeed, in its common usage this very word seems to reflect a peculiar narrowness of vision about what is human. Mathematics is as much a "humanity" as poetry.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Calloused hands were the badge of the pioneer, while furrowed brows are the insignia of modern man.
Penny Reid|Feelings of any kind are not known to the walking dead. Every form of psychological warfare, from attempts at enraging the undead to provoking pity have all met with disaster. Joy, sadness, confidence, anxiety, love, hatred, fear—all of these feelings and thousands more that make up the human “heart” are as useless to the living dead as the organ of the same name. Who knows if this is humanity’s greatest weakness or strength? The debate continues, and probably will forever.
Roshan Sharma|When you perceive through your senses, the object may be, of the outside world, but you see the object, inside of you, in your awareness field.
Sunday Adelaja|Philosophically speaking, shadows of people are friendlier than people themselves because they come together very easily!
Viet Thanh Nguyen, The Sympathizer|That night there was more than one killer in the forest, the next day a lot more ghosts.--The Book of Brin
Montesquieu|We receive three educations, one from our parents, one from our school masters, and one from the world. The third contradicts all that the first two teach us.
Lemony Snicket, The Hostile Hospital|I am alone this evening, and I am alone because of a cruel twist of fate, a phrase which here means that nothing has happened the way I thought it would. Once I was a content man, with a comfortable home, a successful career, a person I loved very much, and an extremely reliable typewriter, but all of those things have been taken away from me, and now the only trace I have of those happy days is the tattoo on my left ankle. As I sit in this very tiny room, printing these words with a very large pencil, I feel as if my whole life has been nothing but a dismal play, presented just for someone else’s amusement, and that the playwright who invented my cruel twist of fate is somewhere far above me, laughing and laughing at his creation.
Georgia O'Keeffe|The rain began again. It fell heavily, easily, with no meaning or intention but the fulfilment of its own nature, which was to fall and fall.
Russell Simmons|We're not like robots. God promises to guide us through the Holy Spirit, but He gives us the freedom to make our own decisions.
K.A. Hill, The Winners' Guide|The bank wanted me to sell those customers that debt, because the system needs you to buy that new car, that holiday to Barbados, that latest iPhone or that new extension you’ve always been dreaming off. The banks are happy to let you do it with their high interest credit products, and they want me to be the guy that sells the idea to you. I was serving the machine that was enslaving me.
Sara  Daniel, One Night With the Best Man|Spoon with me, and I'll show you what a good cuddler I am.
Steven Magee, Electrical Forensics|The world is so closed off to the inner beings of ourselves, I refuse to ever lower my energies to that.
Joanne McClean|Reading feeds the soul, writing nourishes it!
A. P. J. Abdul Kalam|I believe that we all have a responsibility to give back. No one becomes successful without lots of hard work, support from others, and a little luck. Giving back creates a virtuous cycle that makes everyone more successful.
L. Frank Baum, The Patchwork Girl of Oz|Magnus rolled onto his back and put his feet up on the arm of the sofa. “What do you care if Alec’s miserable?” “What do I care?” Jace said, so loudly that Chairman Meow rolled off the couch and landed on the floor. “Of course I care about Alec; he’s my best friend, my parabatai. And he’s unhappy. And so are you, by the look of things. Takeout containers everywhere, you haven’t done anything to fix up the place, your cat looks dead—“ “He’s not dead.
Anita Brookner|I had a really creative teacher at primary school. He used to get us doing things such as singing Spandau Ballet in drag in the choir, and I remember loving it.
Maggie Cheung|Girls don't poop, so don't claim you do. You can fart - because farting is funny - but we don't want to know that you poop.
Haniel Long, Notes for a New Mythology: Pittsburgh Memoranda|All poets and story tellers alive today make a single brotherhood; they are engaged in a single work, picturing our human life. Whoever pictures life as he sees it, reassembles in his own way the details of existence which affect him deeply, and so creates a spiritual world of his own.
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan|My mother is such an incredibly strong woman. She raised a family of five boys extremely well. She made us all strong, loving, caring people. We all support each other. I'm really thankful to her.
Cormac McCarthy, Suttree|They filed out in descending order by altitudes, the father first, out through the sunlit doors in a sextet of calico isotropes and into the street, the elder smiling, along through the crowds and down the road toward the river still single file and with deadpan decorum leaving behind a congregation mute and astounded.
Salman Rushdie, The Ground Beneath Her Feet|In the time we spend reeling in confusion, grasping at straws trying to piece our egos together, we forget to acknowledge some things. Society created gender roles and categorizations and lifestyles and names and titles because we fear the unknown, especially when the unknown is us.It’s as though we’re stranded in the middle of an ocean, but we were promised the current would bring us back ashore. We’re given all we need on the life raft. As far as we can see, we’re being led back, slowly. We don’t know when we’ll approach the shore, but all evidence points to the fact that we will. But we don’t spend our time looking around, enjoying the view, seeing who came with us, and riding out the waves. We sit and panic about what we’re doing and why we came here.It doesn’t matter where we started because we may never know. It matters where we’re going, because that, we do. We begin and we end. We’ve seen one, so there’s only one other option.
Werenfried Von Straaten|A good mother does not live only for her children. She always has some bond with other mothers, no matter what class, nationality or race they may be. All mothers have the same joys, the same sorrows, the same anxieties. All mothers think first of their child and of children.
Immanuel Kant, Fundamental Principles of the Metaphysic of Morals: & the Metaphysical Elements of Ethics|...[H]uman reason in its pure use, so long as it was not critically examined, has first tried all possible wrong ways before it succeeded in finding the one true way.
Josephine Tey, The Daughter of Time|In the years since, I've discovered there's a lot to be said for boredom.
Leo Tolstoy, War and Peace|Most people die, living their life paycheck to paycheck,trying to stretch out each dollar, as like a roll of toilet paper. Toiling each tissue, never quite wiping away all the shit from their asses, where the world always takes what little they flush, back into its deprived system, always hungry.
Brian  Doyle, Martin Marten|He is only one of a million no, a billion stories you could tell about the living beings on just this side of the mountain. The fact is that there are more stories in the space of a single second, in a single square foot of dirt and air and water, then we could tell in a hundred years. The word amazing isn't much of a word for how amazing it is. The fact is that there are more stories in the world than there are fish in the sea or birds in the air or lies among politicians. You could be sad at how many stories go untold, but you could also be delighted at how many stories we catch and share in delight and wonder and astonishment and illumination and sometimes even epiphany.
Blaise Pascal, The Provincial Letters|I have only made this letter longer because I have not had the time to make it shorter.", 1657)
R.P. Falconer|Never step on caterpillars, as one day, they'll become butterflies and you'll never know when you'll need a ride on their wings of fortune.
Eduard Limonov, Другая Россия|After eighteen long months covering this dreary business, the whole campaign appears in my mind’s eye as one long, protracted scratch-fight over Internet-fueled nonsense.
Dexter Palmer, Version Control|Isn’t that the fantasy? If I go back in time, knowing what people back then didn’t know, then I can change history! But history made you what you are. And it’s bigger than any one man.
M.F. Moonzajer|Somebody once asked me if I made a lot of money, I said I made enough. He then asked why do it, if I'm only making enough. And I said I don't do what I do to be rich in my wallet, I do what I do to be rich in life.
Karina Halle, Love, in English|Accept everything, even if it's pain, even if it's sadness, because there's nothing absolute in this world. If everything were to disappear, at least I was thinking it didn't matter anyway. Even if in the future, everyone left me, it would be alright. I would never get hurt.
Chris Mentillo|I Grew Up In A Family With No Prejudices. My Father Always Believed There Were Good And Bad In Every Ethnic Background, And Nationality.
Ally Carter, Don't Judge a Girl by Her Cover|There are 6 reasons that a person does anything: Love, faith, greed, boredom, fear... revenge.
Kaui Hart Hemmings|Humor must not professedly teach and it must not professedly preach, but it must do both if it would live forever.
E.V. Frapiere, Through My Mother's Voice, I Found My Own: Inspiring Poems, Prose, and Reflections from the Middle|Winning is a matter of endurance. As long as you don't quit, you will win!
Lisa Shearin, Magic Lost, Trouble Found|Love comforts, it is gentle, it is warm and you can feel it within your entire being.
Phoebe Gloeckner|I would remind my countrymen that they are to be men first, and Americans only at a late and convenient hour.
Sadhguru, Of Mystics & Mistakes|If you are free from memory and imagination, you will always be meditative.If you release yourself from these, meditation is just natural. When you sit for meditation, what is your basic problem? You are either thinking about tomorrow or thinking about what happened yesterday
Kit Harington|I use a lot of film images, analogies, and imagination.
Abdullah II of Jordan|I hope for your help to explore and protect the wild ocean in ways that will restore the health and, in so doing, secure hope for humankind. Health to the ocean means health for us.
Robert Galbraith, The Silkworm|the walking stick, like a burqa, conferred protective status...
Rodolfo Costa, Advice My Parents Gave Me: and Other Lessons I Learned from My Mistakes|Every day, you get the opportunity to change your life. Change what you do not want. Change what makes you unhappy.
Robert M. Pirsig, Zen and the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance: An Inquiry Into Values|You can’t really think hard about what you’re doing and listen to the radio at the same time. Maybe they didn’t see their job as having anything to do with hard thought, just wrench twiddling.
William Shakespeare, Love's Labour's Lost|From women's eyes this doctrine I derive:They sparkle still the right Promethean fire;They are the books, the arts, the academes,That show, contain and nourish all the world.
Bob Barr|There is no greater privilege in living than bringing a tiny new human being into the world and then trying to raise him or her properly during the next eighteen years. Doing that job right requires all the intelligence, wisdom, and determination you will be able to muster from day to day.
James Frey, My Friend Leonard|You only live once, buy Picassos whenever possible. 
Jan Hus|There is no reason why good cannot triumph as often as evil. The triumph of anything is a matter of organization. If there are such things as angels, I hope that they are organized along the lines of the Mafia.
Howard Shore|My liberty is about living. It's about spreading more love. Even though I was always a peaceful, loving individual, my music sometimes didn't reflect that. But now it's different. My music is reflecting the way I feel.
George Bernard Shaw|I have a hat. It is graceful and feminine and give me a certain dignity, as if I were attending a state funeral or something. Someday I may get up enough courage to wear it, instead of carrying it.
Ludwig von Mises, The Theory of Money and Credit|A third group of inflationists do not deny that inflation involves serious disadvantages. Nevertheless, they think that there are higher and more important aims of economic policy than a sound monetary system. They hold that although inflation may be a great evil, yet it is not the greatest evil, and that the State might under certain circumstances find itself in a position where it would do well to oppose greater evils with the lesser evil of inflation.
Evgeny Morozov, To Save Everything, Click Here: The Folly of Technological Solutionism|But if government is in the business of promoting what is good and suppressing the bad, that is a license for it to stick it’s nose into virtually every human activity.
Ernie Pyle|You ask me if I will not be glad when the last battle is fought, so far as the country is concerned I, of course, must wish for peace, and will be glad when the war is ended, but if I answer for myself alone, I must say that I shall regret to see the war end.
Rachel Held Evans, A Year of Biblical Womanhood|It is hard for us to recognize it now, but Peter and Paul were introducing the first Christian family to an entirely new community, a community that transcends the rigid hierarchy of human institutions, a community in which submission is mutual and all are free.
Lauren Slater, Opening Skinner's Box: Great Psychological Experiments of the Twentieth Century|But then, not long after, in another article, Loftus writes, "We live in a strange and precarious time that resembles at its heart the hysteria and superstitious fervor of the witch trials." She took rifle lessons and to this day keeps the firing instruction sheets and targets posted above her desk. In 1996, when Psychology Today interviewed her, she burst into tears twice within the first twenty minutes, labile, lubricated, theatrical, still whip smart, talking about the blurry boundaries between fact and fiction while she herself lived in another blurry boundary, between conviction and compulsion, passion and hyperbole. "The witch hunts," she said, but the analogy is wrong, and provides us with perhaps a more accurate window into Loftus's stretched psyche than into our own times, for the witch hunts were predicated on utter nonsense, and the abuse scandals were predicated on something all too real, which Loftus seemed to forget: Women are abused. Memories do matter. Talking to her, feeling her high-flying energy the zeal that burns up the center of her life, you have to wonder, why. You are forced to ask the very kind of question Loftus most abhors: did something bad happen to her? For she herself seems driven by dissociated demons, and so I ask. What happened to you? Turns out, a lot. (refers to Dr. Elizabeth F. Loftus)
George Lucas|During the first few months of an infant's life, its manner of taking the breast, of laying its head on the pillow, etc., becomes crystallized into imperative habits. This is why education must begin in the cradle.
David McRaney, You Are Now Less Dumb: How to Conquer Mob Mentality, How to Buy Happiness, and All the Other Ways to Outsmart Yourself|As psychologist Bruce Hood writes in his book The Self Illusion, you have an origin story and a sense that you’ve traveled from youth to now along a linear path, with ups and downs that ultimately made you who you are today. Babies don’t have that. That sense is built around events that you can recall and place in time. Babies and small children have what Hood calls “unconscious knowledge,” which is to say they simply recognize patterns and make associations with stimuli. Without episodic memories, there is no narrative; and without any narrative, there is no self. Somewhere between ages two and three, according to Hood, that sense of self begins to come online, and that awakening corresponds with the ability to tell a story about yourself based on memories. He points to a study by Alison Gopnik and Janet Astington in 1988 in which researchers presented to three-year-olds a box of candy, but the children were then surprised to find pencils inside instead of sweets. When they asked each child what the next kid would think was in the box when he or she went through the same experiment, the answer was usually pencils. The children didn’t yet know that other people have minds, so they assumed everyone knew what they knew. Once you gain the ability to assume others have their own thoughts, the concept of other minds is so powerful that you project it into everything: plants, glitchy computers, boats with names, anything that makes more sense to you when you can assume, even jokingly, it has a sort of self. That sense of agency is so powerful that people throughout time have assumed a consciousness at the helm of the sun, the moon, the winds, and the seas. Out of that sense of self and other selves come the narratives that have kept whole societies together. The great mythologies of the ancients and moderns are stories made up to make sense of things on a grand scale. So strong is the narrative bias that people live and die for such stories and devote whole lives to them (as well as take lives for them).
Swami Dhyan Giten, Presence - Working from Within. The Psychology of Being|deathAloneness has been my constant companion in life. I lost early the people that I loved: first when my young and unmarried biological mother had to leave me because of outer circumstances. I was adopted by a very loving couple, who could not concieve a child. I have always felt naturally loved by them, and I have never really felt that I was adopted. Instead, I have always felt that I did a little detour to be able to be adopted by my real parents. Then my mother died when I was 15 years old after a long sickness. On her funeral I took the decision to never depend on anybody again. Her death created such a deep pain in me that it was also the death of relationships for me. Then my father died when I was 21 years old – and I was completely alone in the world. This created a basic feeling of being alone and unloved in me, it created early a feeling of independence and self-suffiency in me. It also created a basic feeling of not trusting that I am alright as I am, and of not trusting that life takes care of me. This created such a pain in me that I simply repressed the pain for many years in order to survive. These early meetings with death also created a thirst in me to discover a quality, an inner awareness, that death could not take away. Now I can see that these early painful experiences are a blessing in disguise. It liberated me from relationships. I relate with people, but there is always an aloneness within me. I realize that a seeker of truth needs to accept that he is totally alone. It is not possible to lean on other people like crutches. When we totally accept our aloneness, it becomes a source of love, joy, truth, silence, meditation and wholeness. I shared these experiences with a beloved friend and her thoughtful comment was: “I have my own aloneness.” Aloneness is to be at home in ourselves, to be in contact with our inner source of love, while loneliness is to hanker for other people, to hanker for a source of love outside of ourselves. Aloneness is to come home.
James Salter, Light Years|GreenHollyWood blocked me on skype..., and why???I can't make black jokes???So you can make, but I can't so sad!
J. Sheridan Le Fanu, Carmilla: Coleccin de Clsicos de La Literatura Europea "Carrascalejo de La Jara"|If your dear heart is wounded, my wild heart bleeds with yours.
Robin Hobb, The Mad Ship|Love isn't just about feeling sure of the other person, knowing what he would give up for you. It's knowing with certainty what you are willing to surrender for his sake. Make no mistake; each partner gives up something. Individual dreams are surrendered for a shared one. In some marriages, one partner gives up almost everything she once thought she wanted. But it's not always the woman who does so. Such sacrifice is not shameful. It's love. If you think the man is worth it, it works.
Stefan Petrucha, Ripper|Your novels show only the tiniest fraction of detective work, the brilliant crime, the tantalizing clues, the dramatic chase, the final battle atop a lofty peak with ocean waves crashing down below, and then… justice served! If they wrote about the real world, four-fifths of the story would consist of the hero sitting in a library for months and following false leads.
Zaman Ali, Humanity|Knowledge leads towards different kind of societies then those societies don’t relate with each other because people in those societies think, act and reacts with their knowledge that create different ways of life and different recognitions of humans.
Christian Bauman|Writing is the only art form where a good number of the artists make a slice of their living criticizing one another in print, in public. 
Mark Twain|Everyone is a moon, and has a dark side which he never shows to anybody.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|The book of Job does not set out to answer the problem of suffering, but to proclaim a God so great that no answer is needed.
John E. Remsburg, The Christ|When he won, it proved that God was on his side. When he didn't win, it meant that God wanted him to try harder.
Thom Browne|A part of my kind of design and inspiration ethos is that I carry around a leather notebook and I sketch in it, doodle in it, write notes in it, and I put pictures in it.
Kate Bornstein, Gender Outlaw: On Men, Women and the Rest of Us|Some women have become far too proscriptive of other women's pleasures and private arrangements, and the definition of feminism has become ideologically overloaded.
Terry Pratchett, The Unadulterated Cat|Cats like sleeping and resting on intersections. There are many stories about magical animals but really, apart from the dragon, the cat is the only creature which can absorb the force. No one knows why a cat absorbs it and what it does with it...
Jaye Wells, Green-Eyed Demon|You let me handle Marius," I said. "Now, you didn't come without you dagger.""No, I did not," he said, lifting his cloak to reveal it, "And with your permission I would like to plunge it through my heart now so I will most assuredly stone-cold dead before the Master of this house arrives home to find you runnning rampant in his garden!""Permission denied.
Victoria Kahler, Capturing the Sunset|It was raining in the small, mountainous country of Llamedos. It was always raining in Llamedos. Rain was the country's main export. It had rain mines.
Albert Camus|In times of stress and danger such as come about as the result of an epidemic, many tragic and cruel phases of human nature are brought out, as well as many brave and unselfish ones.
Joanna Lumley|When I was six, my best friend's parents bought him a piano. My mother noticed that every time I would go to his house, the first thing I would say to him was 'Levester' - His name was Levester - I said, 'Levester, can I go play your piano?' So, on my 7th birthday, my parents bought me a piano.
Paulo Coelho|We can never judge the lives of others, because each person knows only their own pain and renunciation. It's one thing to feel that you are on the right path, but it's another to think that yours is the only path.
Ja Rule|I'm always drawing, so Draw Something is a cool game to play against your friends when you're bored and sat chilling out and relaxing.
Barack Obama|The best way to not feel hopeless is to get up and do something. Don’t wait for good things to happen to you. If you go out and make some good things happen, you will fill the world with hope, you will fill yourself with hope.
Tom  Cox, The Good, the Bad and the Furry: Life with the World's Most Melancholy Cat and Other Whiskery Friends|One of the good things about cats is that, unlike dogs, they don’t come up to you in the street and try to have sex with your leg.
Regina Brett|I got all my work done to graduate in two months and then they were like, I'm sorry, you have to take driver's ed. I just kind of went, Oh, forget it.
Debasish Mridha|Always forget to complain, but never forget to appreciate and compliment.
Baptist de Pape, The Power Of The Heart: Finding Your True Purpose|Stress can alter the expression of genes, which can affect the response to stress and so on. Human behavior is therefore unpredictable in the short term, but broadly predictable in the long term.
Dada Bhagwan|The world is the puzzle, itself; but it is always in principle.
Alexandra Katehakis, Mirror of Intimacy: Daily Reflections on Emotional and Erotic Intelligence|To develop emotional and erotic intelligence we need to practice enlarging our inner passion at every moment. It doesn’t matter what’s going on in our world, or even how we feel about ourselves in the moment. In fact, the best time to accomplishing something may be when we least feel like trying, because the hopeless part of ourselves most needs the light.
Jess Molly Brown, Moms on Missions|Story telling or teachable moments, provides us with a vast reference base of real life antidotes for possible future problems. They not only entertain and give us a resource of proven solutions, but they also help shape and mold our character. Therefore, when we don’t take our time to communicate with our kids, then we rob them of critical life lessons that we and our forefathers learn the hard way - lessons that they would needlessly have to learn through trial and error themselves.
Arthur C. Danto, After the End of Art: Contemporary Art and the Pale of History|I do not think it possible to convey the moral energy that went into this division between abstraction and realism, from both sides, in those years. It had an almost theological intensity, and in another stage of civilization there would certainly have been burnings at stake.
Kurt Vonnegut Jr., Welcome to the Monkey House|Tomorrow morning, he decided, I'll begin clearing away the sand of fifty thousand centuries for my first vegetable garden. That's the initial step.
Justin K. McFarlane Beau|More likely, they would just cease to exist.""That's death.""No, it's different. Death leaves a corps.
Thomm Quackenbush, Artificial Gods|Making love requires no thought. You move as the fronds of a palm tree move in the breeze. It is all instinct. All wonder. When you love someone, your lips are incomplete until they are oiled by a kiss. You can say ‘I love you’ a thousand ways but you can say it better with silence and a kiss.
Michael J. Massimino|We have these words 'space' and 'time,' but you can't touch them. They're not objects, they're not things, they go forever. Space and time are really tools of animal sense perception, the way we organize and construct information.
Jean Rhys, Quartet|Stephan was secretive and a liar, but he was a very gentle and expert lover. She was the petted, cherished child, the desired mistress, the worshipped, perfumed goddess. She was all these things to Stephan - or so he made her believe.
L.G. Abell, A Mother's Book of Traditional Househould Skills|A sensible man may fear certain possibilities, but don’t let fear turn possibility into certainty.
Silvia Hartmann|Just because you don’t know how on Earth something might be achieved doesn’t mean you shouldn’t allow yourself to really, really want it. That’s the essence of a dream, the realms of magic and of miracles.
Marmaduke William Pickthall, The Meanings Of The Glorious Qur'an|...The Qur'an cannot be translated. ...The book is here rendered almost literally and every effort has been made to choose befitting language. But the result is not the Glorious Qur'an, that inimitable symphony, the very sounds of which move men to tears and ecstasy. It is only an attempt to present the meaning of the Qur'an-and peradventure something of the charm in English. It can never take the place of the Qur'an in Arabic, nor is it meant to do so...
Dr. Jacinta Mpalyenkana, Ph.D, MBA|Just as art is art regardless of the colors, a human being is so regardless of race.
Lois Lowry, A Summer to Die|But there's a whole world waiting, still, and there are good things in it.
José Rizal|You're so full of it, darlin'.
Angela Topping|You are to me,what wind is to dry leaves. The reason for me to fall,the reason for me to fly.
Cate Tiernan, Darkness Falls|No, officer, I have no idea why I'm wearing this possum costume. I called you what? OH. My bad."-Nastasya
Thomas Merton, Contemplative Prayer|We must approach our meditation realizing that 'grace,' 'mercy,' and 'faith' are not permanent inalienable possessions which we gain by our efforts and retain as though by right, provided that we behave ourselves. They are CONSTANTLY RENEWED GIFTS. The life of grace in our hearts is renewed from moment to moment, directly and personally by God in his love for us.
Clive Cussler, Lost Empire|While like most men, Sam prided himself on being equipped with a supernatural internal compass that kept him from ever being lost, he'd also learned to concede those rare times when that compass seemed to be temporary disrepair.
Elizabeth Bibesco|You have to find hope. Hope is such a shape shifter. You tend to look in the rearview mirror for hope, but when it's gone, you have to look forward. You have to get in the van and keep driving on.
Alice McDermott, Charming Billy|It made it easier that they both believed in the simplest kind of afterlife - that my father could say to her, even in those last days, joking but without irony, 'You're going to get tired of hearing from me. I'll be asking you for this that and the other thing twenty-four hours a day. JESUS, you'll be saying, here comes another prayer from Dennis.' And my mother would reply, her voice hoarse with pain, 'Jesus might advise you to take in a movie once in a while. Give your poor wife a rest. She's in heaven, after all.'It was a joke, but they believed it, and they believed, too, I think, that their love, their loyalty to one another, was no longer a matter of chance or happenstance, but a condition of their existence no more voluntary or escapable than the pace of their blood, the influx of perception...There was, in their anticipation of what was to come, a queer self-satisfaction. It was clear now that they would love each other until the last moment of her life - hadn't that been the goal from the beginning? They would love each other even beyond the days they had lived together; was there any greater triumph?
Douglas Coupland, Life After God|And the beauty of a woman, with passing years only grows!
Isaac Asimov, The Secret of the Universe|Now he found out a new thing--namely, that to promise not to do a thing is the surest way in the world to make a body want to go and do that very thing.
Orrin Woodward|To truly defeat an enemy, no sacrifice is too great.
S.G. Holster, Terrible Lies|I started picturing Rens smiling face, the warmth of his touch, the slight curl of his lip before he kissed me. Every happy memory came rushing back through the blackness illuminating it in brilliant color.
Cynthia Voigt, A Solitary Blue|I'm trying to tell him everything will be all right, but how can I say it with a straight face? My son's no idiot. He knows when I'm lying. The medicine won't taste bad.The bath is not hot.Daddy will be safe.Lies.
Danielle Ofri, What Doctors Feel: How Emotions Affect the Practice of Medicine|But while the patient does bear some responsibility, I believe that the onus falls more heavily on the doctor to be attuned to the factors--cultural, ethnic, or just personal style--that influence how patients present their symptoms.
Michael Makai, The Warrior Princess Submissive|For the Warrior Princess Submissive, her feminism is less about “talking the talk,” and more about “walking the walk.” She doesn’t have to wear her feminism on her sleeve; she exudes it from every pore and typically demonstrates it in practically everything she does. No, the issue - when it comes to the Warrior Princess’ feminism - isn’t whether or not she is a feminist; it’s about how she reconciles her feminism with her submission and how she is perceived by those around her.
Henry James, The Art of Fiction|Art lives upon discussion, upon experiment, upon curiosity, upon variety of attempt, upon the exchange of views and the comparison of standpoints.
Debasish Mridha|When you give the love, you gain the heart.
Peter Weiss, The Persecution and Assassination of Jean-Paul Marat as Performed by the Inmates of the Asylum of Charenton Under the Direction of the Marquis de Sade|Once and for allthe idea of glorious victorieswon by the glorious armymust be wiped outNeither side is gloriousOn either side they're just frightened men messing their pantsand they all want the same thingNot to lie under the earthbut to walk upon itwithout crutches(Roux, act 1, scene 19)
Abhijit Naskar, The Krishna Cancer|Mother Nature created God as a neurological anti-depressant sentiment, but Man tore that God apart into pieces and made citadels of differentiation out of them.
Jeanine Henning Nhakira|You are everything you should be, and all that is enough. Be proud of who you are, and love who you will become.” – Lady Lalaigne to Nhakira, “Chosen
Guy Clark|There ain't no money in poetry, that's what keeps the poet free. I've had all the freedom I can stand.
Paulo Coelho, By the River Piedra I Sat Down and Wept|For love to be forever, first it must be true.
Bill Bryson, A Short History of Nearly Everything|Disassemble the cells of a sponge (by passing them through a sieve, for instance), then dump them into a solution, and they will find their way back together and build themselves into a sponge again. You can do this to them over and over, and they will doggedly reassemble because, like you and me and every other living thing, they have one overwhelming impulse: to continue to be.
Richelle Mead, Spirit Bound|I beg your pardon?” Catherine interrupted. “Are you implying that women have poor judgment?”“In these matters, yes.” Leo gestured to Christopher. “Just look at the fellow, standing there like a bloody Greek god. Do you think she chose him because of his intellect?”“I graduated from Cambridge,” Christopher said acidly. “Should I have brought my diploma?”“In this family,” Cam interrupted, “there is no requirement of a university degree to prove one’s intelligence. Lord Ramsay is a perfect example of how one has nothing to do with the other.
Jim Beaver, Life's That Way|Today we fight. Tomorrow we fight. The day after, we fight. And if this disease plans on whipping us, it better bring a lunch, 'cause it's gonna have a long day doing it.
Amy Poehler|When the wedding march sounds the resolute approach, the clock no longer ticks, it tolls the hour. The figures in the aisle are no longer individuals, they symbolize the human race.
Jodi Picoult, Change of Heart|You didn't get past something like that, you go through it -- and for that reason alone, I understood more about her than she ever would have guessed.
David Halberstam, The Best and the Brightest|There's a strange uniformity in the vocabulary European soccer fans use to hate black people. The same primate insults get hurled. Although they've gotten better over time, the English and Italians developed the tradition of making ape noises when black players touched the ball. The Poles toss bananas on the field. This consistency owes nothing to television, which rarely shows these finer points of fan behavior. Nor are these insults considered polite to discuss in public. This trope has simply become a continent-wide folk tradition, transmitted via the stadium, from fan to fan, from father to son.
Nick Harkaway|I think people used to read 'War and Peace,' and now they don't; now they sit around with their tablets and watch 'Downton Abbey' and 'Breaking Bad' or whatever, and they want the things that they watch to be better so that they can feel better about themselves for watching it.
Orson Scott Card, Pathfinder|Someone should have warned me about love's dark underbelly, about the rejection and despair.
Alisa Hope Wagner|Material blessings fade and deteriorate, but your riches in Christ are everlasting.
David Shulkin|I think that addiction is a very, very important thing that has to be treated, but has to be treated as a health problem and not as a police problem.
Jeaniene Frost|Vampires, bringing America together!
Ronald Reagan, The Quest for Peace, the Cause of Freedom|If there's one observation that rings true in today's changing world, it is that freedom and peace go hand in hand.
Amit Kalantri|The meaning of life is not celebrating your birth, it is celebrating your work.
Colleen Houck, Tiger's Quest|Some kid asked what a dilemma is. And I replied: When a starving man has to choose between a plate of food, and, a roll of toilet paper.
Sigmund Freud|The question of the purpose of human life has been raised countless times; it has never yet received a satisfactory answer and perhaps does not admit of one. Some of those who have asked it have added that if it should turn out that life has no purpose, it would lose all value for them. But this threat alters nothing. It looks, on the contrary, as though one had a right to dismiss the question, for it seems to derive from the human presumptuousness, many other manifestations of which are already familiar to us. Nobody talks about the purpose of the life of animals, unless, perhaps, it may be supposed to lie in being of service to man. But this view is not tenable either, for there are many animals of which man can make nothing, except to describe, classify and study them; and innumerable species of animals have escaped even this use, since they existed and became extinct before man set eyes on them.
Norman Cousins, Anatomy of an Illness: As Perceived by the Patient|Time is the one thing that patients need most from their doctors--time to be heard, time to have things explained, time to reassured, time to be introduced by the doctor personally to specialists or other attendants whose very existence seems to reflect something new and threatening. yet the one thing that too many doctors find most difficult to command or manage is time.
Jonathan Martin, Prototype: What Happens When You Discover You're More Like Jesus Than You Think?|Many times in the Old Testament, God refers to human beings as His beloved. But when God called Jesus His beloved, Jesus did something truly remarkable: He believed Him. And He lived every moment of His life fully convinced of His identity.
Rafael Sánchez Ferlosio, Adventures of the Ingenious Alfanui|The vigor I lacked for physical activities became incandescent when, pen in hand, I filled those pages with invented stories. Sometimes they were intimately about me – family tales, parental exploits – sometimes they became horrific stories sprinkled with torture, death, and reunion: crazy games and tear-soaked sagas.
Iris Murdoch, Under the Net|So we live; a spirit that broods and hovers over the continual death of time, the lost meaning, the unrecaptured moment, the unremembered face, until the final chop that ends all our moments and plunges that spirit back into the void from which it came.
Elizabeth Gilbert, Eat, pray, love: one woman's search for everything|In the end, though, maybe we must all give up trying to pay back the people in this world who sustain our lives. In the end, maybe it's wiser to surrender before the miraculous scope of human generosity and to just keep saying thank you, forever and sincerely, for as long as we have voices.
Corey Ann Haydu, OCD Love Story|They [Percy and Annabeth] held the Doors shut as the elevator shuddered and the music played, while somewhere below them, a Titan and a giant sacrificed their lives for their escape.
Justin Tuck|That to me was the most poignant part of Diana's wedding; as she was walking up the aisle and her eyes were going left to right, looking at people and smiling in the way that Diana did - and that diamond tiara glittering like mad. It was great.
M.L. Stedman, The Light Between Oceans|Oh, but my treasure, it is so much less exhausting. You only have to forgive once. To resent, you have to do it all day, every day.
Rob Liano|Failure is not the opposite of success, inaction is.
Brennan Manning, The Ragamuffin Gospel: Good News for the Bedraggled, Beat-Up, and Burnt Out|Grace is not simply leniency when we have sinned. Grace is the enabling gift of God not to sin. Grace is power, not just pardon.
Tim Fargo|When there is silence, Give your voice. When there is darkness, Shine your light. When there is desperation, Offer hope.
Olivia Laing, The Lonely City: Adventures in the Art of Being Alone|Speech failures, communication breakdowns, misunderstandings, mishearings, episodes of muteness, stuttering and stammering, word forgetfulness, even the inability to grasp a joke: all these things invoke loneliness, forcing a reminder of the precarious, imperfect means by which we express our interiors to others. They undermine our footing in the social, casting us as outsiders, poor or non-participants.
William A. Dembski|The people I go after are the false experts, those who do not accept the limits of their knowledge.
Emily St. John Mandel|But we who remain shall grow oldWe shall know the coldOf cheerlessWinter and the rain of Autumn and the stingOf poverty, of love despised and of disgraces,And mirrors showing stained and aging faces, And the long ranges of comfortless yearsAnd the long gamut of human fears...But, for you, it shall forever be spring,And only you shall be forever fearless, And only you have white, straight, tireless limbs,And only you, where the water-lily swimsShall walk along the pathways thro' the willows Of your west. You who went West, and only you on silvery twilight pillows Shall take your restIn the soft sweet gloomsOf twilight rooms...
Brian A.  Jackson, Mushroom Medicine: The Healing Power of Psilocybin & Sacred Entheogen History|All right, all right, you go right on thinking you an act of God created in his image, and I’ll go right on thinking I’m descended from an ape. When you look in the mirror I should think you’d feel pretty discouraged; I wouldn’t be happy to look at myself and think that my faces is an Imago Dei. It wouldn’t make me feel I’d done very well by God. But when I look in the mirror and that I’m descended from an ape, I feel I’ve done remarkably well.
Nanette L. Avery|What then are doing if not creating a better place together? I think, for me the key has to be, what do I want to create? What is it I want to leave behind?
Molly Friedenfeld, The Book of Simple Human Truths|The kindness sent from one compassionate soul to another during the time of loss of one held so dear allows the sorrow-filled heart to open wide, filling the space of emptiness that grief may have created with a renewed sense of peace, compassion, and love.
Stephenie Meyer, New Moon|I roll my eyes. "So when did I become so special? When they carted me off to the Capitol?""No, about six months before that. Right after New Year's. We were in the Hob, eating some slop of Greasy Sae's. And Darius was teasing you about trading a rabbit for one of his kisses. And I realized...I minded.
Terry Farrell|I spend days on my Xperia logging on Facebook chatting with my friends and family at home; I love listening to Rihanna and Pink and watching movies. Basically, anything that makes me smile, but most of my fans will know that I am always smiling!
Stephen King, It|Every scripture, no matter how ancient, must go through rigorous human scrutiny.
Shauna Niequist, Cold Tangerines: Celebrating the Extraordinary Nature of Everyday Life|I have always, essentially, been waiting. Waiting to become something else, waiting to be that person I always thought I was on the verge of becoming, waiting for that life I thought I would have. In my head, I was always one step away. In high school, I was biding my time until I could become the college version of myself, the one my mind could see so clearly. In college, the post-college “adult” person was always looming in front of me, smarter, stronger, more organized. Then the married person, then the person I’d become when we have kids. For twenty years, literally, I have waited to become the thin version of myself, because that’s when life will really begin.And through all that waiting, here I am. My life is passing, day by day, and I am waiting for it to start. I am waiting for that time, that person, that event when my life will finally begin.I love movies about “The Big Moment” – the game or the performance or the wedding day or the record deal, the stories that split time with that key event, and everything is reframed, before it and after it, because it has changed everything. I have always wanted this movie-worthy event, something that will change everything and grab me out of this waiting game into the whirlwind in front of me. I cry and cry at these movies, because I am still waiting for my own big moment. I had visions of life as an adventure, a thing to be celebrated and experienced, but all I was doing was going to work and coming home, and that wasn’t what it looked like in the movies.John Lennon once said, “Life is what happens when you’re busy making other plans.” For me, life is what was happening while I was busy waiting for my big moment. I was ready for it and believed that the rest of my life would fade into the background, and that my big moment would carry me through life like a lifeboat.The Big Moment, unfortunately, is an urban myth. Some people have them, in a sense, when they win the Heisman or become the next American Idol. But even that football player or that singer is living a life made up of more than that one moment. Life is a collection of a million, billion moments, tiny little moments and choices, like a handful of luminous, glowing pearl. It takes so much time, and so much work, and those beads and moments are so small, and so much less fabulous and dramatic than the movies.But this is what I’m finding, in glimpses and flashes: this is it. This is it, in the best possible way. That thing I’m waiting for, that adventure, that move-score-worthy experience unfolding gracefully. This is it. Normal, daily life ticking by on our streets and sidewalks, in our houses and apartments, in our beds and at our dinner tables, in our dreams and prayers and fights and secrets – this pedestrian life is the most precious thing any of use will ever experience.
Joshua Neik|Positiveness of Soul is favourably gained through the Love Nature, rather than through mental prowess. Though attaining positiveness of Soul through the mind is possible; it is inferior to the positiveness that has been developed through the Love Nature (one's inner Soul nature to love and have affection.)
Dianna Hardy, Rise Of The Wolf|The ultimate lesson all of us have to learn is unconditional love, which includes not only others but ourselves as well.
Max Scheler, Ressentiment|M. Proust was more severe than M. de Caillavet on Anatole France: "He was selfish and supercilious. He had read so much that he had left his heart in other people's books, and all that remained was dryness. One day I asked him how he came to know so much. He said, 'Not by being such a handsome young man as you. I wasn't in demand, and instead of going out I studied and learned'.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|Immediate necessity makes many things convenient, which if continued would grow into oppressions. Expedience and right are different things.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Brothers Karamazov|To sorrow I bade good morrow, And thought to leave her far away behind; But cheerly, cheerly, She loves me dearly; She is so constant to me, and so kind. I would deceive her, And so leave her, But ah! she is so constant and so kind
Friedrich Nietzsche|Many people have trouble with forgiveness because they have been taught it is a singular act to be completed in one sitting. That is not so. Forgiveness has many layers, many seasons.
Rebecca Solnit, Wanderlust: A History of Walking|The fear of rape puts many women in their place - indoors, intimidated, dependent yet again on material barriers and protectors... I was advised to stay indoors at night, to wear baggy clothes, to cover or cut my hair, to try to look like a man, to move someplace more expensive, to take taxis, to buy a car, to move in groups, to get a man to escort me—all modern versions of Greek walls and Assyrian veils, all asserting it was my responsibility to control my own and men's behavior rather than society's to ensure my freedom. I realized that many women had been so successfully socialized to know their place that they had chosen more conservative, gregarious lives without realizing why. The very desire to walk alone had been extinguished in them—but it had not in me.
Chris Pine|I love the idea that it doesn't take one person only to achieve your potential. It takes a village, it takes a community, a street, a teacher, a mother.
John Irving, In One Person|Sometimes it is the reader that sucks, not the book.
David W. Earle|As soon as she says this, I realize she is just like everyone else, and wish I was back at home so that all the things I do not understand could be the same as they always are.
Mitch Albom, Tuesdays with Morrie|My thoughts are with you all. Forever conscious of the vast, absurd universe and writing my eternal story I shall remain dead, but dreaming.
Noelle Crawford, Pinnacle of Glory|All right, we need a way to get inot the palace. Any ideas?""Ask nicely? Charge in? Fly? Wait, do you mean reasonable ones?
Evangeline Walton, Witch House|Rain makes the night -- and us -- smaller, softer, more forthright.
Stefan Molyneux|If I want my people to be free, Americans have to be free. 
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin|My new dressing goal is to make little kids and babies smile at all the bright, clashing colours I can wear at once. It makes me laugh when I catch sight of my own reflection - life is too short not have fun!
Natalie Goldberg|No matter what a person does to cover up and conceal themselves, when we write and lose control, I can spot a person from Alabama, Florida, South Carolina a mile away even if they make no exact reference to location. Their words are lush like the land they come from, filled with nine aunties, people named Bubba. There is something extravagant and wild about what they have to say — snakes on the roof of a car, swamps, a delta, sweat, the smell of sea, buzz of an air conditioner, Coca-Cola — something fertile, with a hidden danger or shame, thick like the humidity, unspoken yet ever-present. Often when a southerner reads, the members of the class look at each other, and you can hear them thinking, gee, I can't write like that. The power and force of the land is heard in the piece. These southerners know the names of what shrubs hang over what creek, what dogwood flowers bloom what color, what kind of soil is under their feet. I tease the class, "Pay no mind. It's the southern writing gene. The rest of us have to toil away.
Ian Mckellen|Whenever someone says to my mum: 'How's your son doing?' she says: 'Which one?' If you're a parent, you're not going to go: 'Oh I'll concentrate on the famous one.'
Bauvard, Some Inspiration for the Overenthusiastic|When nobody practices what they strongly believe in, that day will be a triumph of prudence.
Ceronetti|Is the Starwife a witch?" asked Firgil. "Is any wise female a witch? Just because they have been blessed by the Green and given strange and beautiful gifts, does not mean they use them for evil purposes.
William Gaddis, The Recognitions|Who would care if I became pregnant, who would be scandalized? Aunty Eva, Anwar's flatmates. Omar would never know unless I wrote to him. Uncle Saleh was across the world. A few years back, getting pregnant would have shocked Khartoum society, given my father a heart attack, dealt a blow ti my mother's marriage, and mild, modern Omar, instead of beating me, would called me a slut. And now nothing, no one. This empty space was called freedom.
krvishal|Life is Beautiful, it is you who want to Enjoy or Cry.Enjoy = Win, Cry = Loose.
Cecelia Ahern|She had kept well behind the safety barrier her entire life, but now she was standing there at the edge of the precipice for the very first time, fumbling blindly with the realization that there were other ways to live, at how intense and rich life could be.
Bob Kaufman, Cranial Guitar: Selected Poems|Streets paved with opal sadness,Lead me counterclockwise, to pockets of joy,And jazz.
N.T. Wright, The Challenge of Jesus: Rediscovering Who Jesus Was and Is|The radical hermeneutic of suspicion that characterizes all of post-modernity is essentially nihilistic, denying the very possibility of creative or healing love. In the cross and resurrection of Jesus we find the answer: the God who made the world is revealed in terms of a self-giving love that no hermeneutic of suspicion can ever touch, in a Self that found itself by giving itself away, in a Story that was never manipulative but always healing and recreating, and in a Reality that can truly be known, indeed to know which is to discover a new dimension of knowledge, the dimension of loving and being loved.
Kate White, I Shouldn't Be Telling You This: Success Secrets Every Gutsy Girl Should Know|If a job opens up that she could “sell” you for, tell her, “You’ve been such a valuable resource for me. I would really appreciate having your help on something. There’s a terrific position open at Company A, and I’m hoping you would be able to advocate on my behalf.” Don’t be shy about also asking a sponsor, “Do you know anyone I could talk to?
William Penn|A true revolution of values will soon cause us to question the fairness and justice of many of our past and present policies. ... A true revolution of values will soon look uneasily on the glaring contrast of poverty and wealth. With righteous indignation, it will look across the seas and see individual capitalists of the West investing huge sums of money in Asia, Africa, and South America, only to take the profits out with no concern for the social betterment of the countries, and say, "This is not just." It will look at our alliance with the landed gentry of South America and say, "This is not just." The Western arrogance of feeling that it has everything to teach others and nothing to learn from them is not just.
George M.   Gilbert, Team Of One: We Believe|I truly believe that success is determined not on Friday nights during games but rather in practice away from the lights and glimmer where coaches and players only have each other, their sweat, their discipline and their loyalty to each other. It is at practice where the boys of America become men through hard work, dedication and perseverance.
Albert Szent-Gyorgyi|I feel really humbled and really grateful to have the opportunities that I've had over the past couple of years to work with some amazing people. I think, at this point, I just want to put my head down and grind and do honest work.
Anais Torres, The Reaper's Daughter|So much had never been explained to her. They were that kind of family. Things necessary to know were passed along brother to brother, sister to sister, and this sufficient for most purposes, despite inevitable error and sensationalism.
Jean Lorrain, Monsieur De Phocas|...the simple task of getting dressed and undressed was a real strain, but nothing could compare with her addiction to deep sleep...
Margot Livesey, The House on Fortune Street|When there is nothing to say about a book; we end up saying "Beautiful Story".
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Just like watering the field will cause both the desired seed and the undesirable weed to germinate, the opportunities for your mission in life will be equally presented with real-life threats.
Maria V. Snyder|He pulled back on the bridle, stopping in disbelief. “Your love for him has damaged your senses.”“And your hunger for power has affected you intelligence
Eddie Huang|Sometimes, we need an obstacle to challenge us and push us further than we would if things were always status quo. I'd say one example is the market crashing. It's like, just when we started to get into a rhythm, everything changed! But, it taught us a great deal about how we do business and how we can improve.
Megan Frazer Blakemore, The Water Castle|Orlando said it was important for scientists to have minds kept open by literature, and souls touched by the creativity of art.
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|if the world go wrong, it was, in some off-hand manner, never meant to go right.
M.F.K. Fisher, The Art of Eating|If we are going to start calling industrial corn sustainable, then we might as well say that petroleum is a renewable resource if you're willing to wait long enough.
ShahenshahHK|Follow the plan until it goes to shit, and then kill everything that isn’t human.
Annie Fisher, The Greater Picture|A weight lands on me, and a strong doubt that I will not be able to fully commit to the ideas of this strange religion out here in the cold north. I look at the girl’s pale skin flushed slightly across her high cheekbones and wonder if she, perhaps, is Katherine Redford and the article we read was wrong. Maybe her ruse is an old woman but she is, in fact, a young girl. There is something more comforting in that idea, to be healed by a child uninterested in fame or money. A girl as young as her would not seek to inveigle or exploit hopeless people such as us, but an adult might.
Sarah Mayberry, Take on Me|(Sadie)"I'm not judging you, Dylan. I love vampire movies. If I looked surprised it was only because it's so different from your TV work, that's all."His shoulders relaxed a notch. "Sorry. Olly gives me a lot of shit for selling out. He doesn't get that no one is ever going to make his movie about two old men on a fishing trip. Or, even if they do, no one is every going to go see it.
Meg Cabot, Forever Princess|And that's that as you get older, you lose things, things you don't necessarily want to lose.
Rateb Rayyes|Never give up.' This is not sound advice, it is bad advice. You must give up when there is no point in continuing. Then begin a new course. There is no greater failure than not changing course when the time is right to do so.
Bipan Chandra, India's Struggle for Independence|Why do we want to know history? Why does history form a recognized part of our liberal education? Simply because all of us, and every one of us, ought to know how we have come to be what we are, so that each generation need not start again from the same point, and toil over the same ground, but, profiting by the experience of those who came before, may advance towards higher points and nobler aims.
Peter Prange, The Philosopher's Kiss|The striving of humanity for knowledge and truth [can] not be suppressed. The growth of the spirit [is]an essential part of Creation; it was planned like the growth of the body, of the plants and animals and people - every living thing that God had created.
Elizabeth Gaskell, North and South|Being full of mischief, they love to listen;they gladly obey, for they like to betray you,pretending to be sent from Heaven,and lisping like angels, while they lie.
Joss Whedon|If a story is w/out flaws or doubts, it is flattery or even brainwashing. You should read it as if drinking a glass of water. But be prepared - you would not remember its taste.
Dorothy Allison, Trash: Stories|I did not begin with craft, I began with strong feelings and worked toward craft.
Albert Einstein|The Revolution introduced me to art, and in turn, art introduced me to the Revolution!
Bruce Robinson, The Peculiar Memories of Thomas Penman|It is the most ambitious and driven among us who are the most sorely in need of having our reckless hopes dampened through immersive dousings in the darkness which religions have explored. This is a particular priority for secular Americans, perhaps the most anxious and disappointed people on earth, for their nation infuses them with the most extreme hopes about what they may be able to achieve in their working lives and relationships.
Jennifer L. Armentrout, Obsidian|Once I got home, though, and saw several packages on my front porch, all the crap from the day disappeared. A few had smiley faces on them. Squealing, I grabbed the boxes. Books were inside-- new release books I'd preordered weeks ago.
Kumail Nanjiani|People in high school either feel like they're with the cool kids in a clique, or they're isolated - there's no in-between.
Debasish Mridha|You may avoid the risk of a car accident if you avoid driving, but you will lose the joy and freedom of driving.
Debasish Mridha|I don’t want fame, money, or duty. I want to close my eyes and see your loving beauty.
Mike Lingenfelter, The Angel by My Side: The True Story of a Dog Who Saved a Man...and a Man Who Saved a Dog|I am reminded of an image...that living with a terminal disease is like walking on a tightrope over an insanely scary abyss. But that living without disease is also like walking on a tightrope over an insanely scary abyss, only with some fog or cloud cover obscuring the depths a bit more -- sometimes the wind blowing it off a little, sometimes a nice dense cover.
Roxane Gay, Bad Feminist|I very much like men. They're interesting to me, and I mostly wish they would be better about how they treat women so I wouldn't have to call them out so often.
Michelle O'Leary, Light of Kaska|We got places to go, people to meet, and things to blow up!That needs to be cross-stiched on a pillow
Charles de Lint, The Onion Girl|Magic lies in between things, between the day and the night, between yellow and blue, between any two things.
Osayi Emokpae Lasisi, Impossible Is Stupid|Quitting is not giving up, it's choosing to focus your attention on something more important. Quitting is not losing confidence, it's realizing that there are more valuable ways you can spend your time. Quitting is not making excuses, it's learning to be more productive, efficient and effective instead. Quitting is letting go of things (or people) that are sucking the life out of you so you can do more things that will bring you strength.
Danielle L. Jensen, Stolen Songbird|When things are going really well, we should take time to notice it.
Willie James Jennings, The Christian Imagination: Theology and the Origins of Race|It had not occurred to him how he must appear to an outsider, to the world. For a moment he saw himself as he must thus appear; and what Edith said was part of what he saw. He had a glimpse of a figure that flitted through smoking-room anecdotes, and through the pages of cheap fiction - a pitiable fellow going into his middle-age, misunderstood by his wife, seeking to renew his youth, taking up with a girl years younger than himself, awkwardly and apishly reaching for the youth he could not have, a fatuous, garishly got-up clown at whom the world laughed out of discomfort, pity, and contempt. He looked at this figure as closely as he could; but the longer he looked, the less familiar it became. It was not himself that he saw, and he knew suddenly that it was no one.
|No matter what your situations are, your problems in life can only be as big as you repeatedly think they are.
Neil Gaiman|If anyone scolds you.,just receive it thankfully.Because,they wants you to become a best person than before.
Steven Wright|You create a world away from home and make new rooms for yourself. But when you arrive back home in your old rooms, the world you've made for yourself ceases to be real. Everything seems to crumble. Anyone who's been sent away to boarding school can understand that.
Michael Alan Peck, The Journeyman|I had to be right in never talking about what you could not change, and I had to make many people agree that I was right. None of them ever accused me of being responsible for what had happened to Phineas, either because they could not believe it or because they could not understand it. I would have talked about that, but they would not, and I would not talk about Phineas in any other way.
Michele Jennae|The Naked Truth ©2012 Lyrics and Music by Michele JennaeV. 1We dress ourselves in the lies of othersLessening who we areWe clothe ourselves in our own self doubtHolding on to scarsTake off the mask of uncertainty,Let me see your faceRemove your disguise of hopelessnessStand tall in this placeCHORUSThe naked truth is that you’re… beautifulYou always have beenThe naked truth is that you’re… incredibleYou’re a perfect ten (I’m going to say it again)V. 2We robe ourselves in mediocrityAnd all for whatWe hide behind our fear and frustrationWho says you didn’t make the cut?Strip off the feelings of inferiorityShow us who you areLet me see the winner inside youBaby you’re gonna go farBRIDGEWhy would you want to be anybody elseOther than who you are?Because the fact of the matter isyou’re a shining star
Sarah Jio, The Bungalow|You can never play a part in life, especially not in love.
Dada Bhagwan|What I am saying is, ‘Know the science’. Know what is Soul (The True Self) and Non-Soul (Everything other than the Soul). Upon knowing this, all desires will vanish.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|Machines were the ideal metaphor for the central pornographic fantasy of the nineteenth century, rape followed by gratitude.
Debasish Mridha|Despite the heart numbing frost, my soul is blooming like spring.
Claudia Piñeiro, Betibú|Language is not the lowborn, gawky servant of thought and feeling; it is need, thought, feeling, and perception itself. The shape of sentences, the song in its syllables, the rhythm of its movement, is the movement of the imagination.
Pet Torres, Robbed Virginity|I have an unforgettable destiny for this girl's virginity."~Larsson TIGER
German Proverb|How, then, does the written word work? What part of a reader absorbs it - or should that be a double question: what part of a reader absorbs what part of a text? I think that underneath, or alongside, a reader's conscious response to a text, whatever is needy in him is taking in whatever the text offers to assuage that need.
H. Jackson Brown Jr.|Don’t waste time waiting for inspiration. Begin, and inspiration will find you.
Werley Nortreus, Best Quotes of Werley Nortreus|For many things were shown,Recorded and written down.But what is God to do,When His Word you do renounce?
Karen Hughes|I always knew I wanted to have children. When I met my husband, Rande, I thought, 'This is the guy.' When you are getting ready to become a mom, being in love with someone just isn't enough. You need to think about whether he would be a good parent and raise your children with similar beliefs.
Alice Ozma, The Reading Promise: My Father and the Books We Shared|what I want you to be - I don't mean physically but morally: you are very well physically - is a firm fellow, a fine firm fellow, with a will of your own, with resolution. with determination. with strength of character that is not to be influenced except on good reason by anybody, or by anything. That's what I want you to be. That's what your father, & your mother might both have been
Rick Perlstein, Before the Storm: Barry Goldwater and the Unmaking of the American Consensus|They (the media) found little quality of depth to him, that when she said on the platform with that which he said to them in private. The qualities of introspection and reflectiveness that they particularly treasured were missing.
Katy Butler, Knocking on Heaven's Door: The Path to a Better Way of Death|No doubt my books too, like my mortal being, would eventually die, one day. But one has to resign oneself to dying. One accepts the thought that in ten years oneself, in a hundred years one's books, will not exist. Eternal duration is no more promised to books than it is to men.
Sandra Tsing Loh|Mammograms are really sort of a gift. You can either catch something early or count your lucky stars because nothing was discovered. Either way, you're ahead of the game.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|Most of the very few people who would choose a good heart over riches would eventually use that to either make a lot of money, or attract men or women who are rich.
Abhijit Naskar, We Are All Black: A Treatise on Racism|It is character that should be the sole measure of judgement in the society of thinking humanity, and nothing short of that would do.
Kaye George, Broke|Immy knocked on his open door. "Mr. Mallett?"The look on his narrow face was pained. "What's with the Mr. Mallett? When you don't call me Mike, it's usually trouble.
Israelmore Ayivor, 101 Keys To Everyday Passion|Success is yours, and what is yours you don’t beg for it, you don’t kneel down for it. You just have to be responsible and go for it and you will have it.
Sara Sheridan, Operation Goodwood|What life is this? Living in a world of hatred and lies, breathing the same air the dead breathed once, knowing we will wake up one day and find ourselves gone from time and space, and yet we still breathe the air without trembling from the thought.
Kate Bornstein, My Gender Workbook: How to Become a Real Man, a Real Woman, the Real You, or Something Else Entirely|For a Man ought no more to value himſelf upon being Wiser than a Woman, if he owe his Advantage to a better Education, and greater means of Information, then he ought to boast of his Courage, for beating a Man, when his Hands were bound.
Nicholas Sparks|To dream in doctrines, how tidy!
Kate Bornstein S. Bear Bergman|If you don't know for sure, then what's the big thing about trying stuff out?" Jamie said, looking not at me but looking out at that statue, just like Hennitz.I still didn't have any of the right words. "It's more like maybe I do know and I'm still confused too, at the same time. Does that make sense? I mean, it's like how you noticed this thing about me tonight, you saw it, or you already knew it - it's there. But that doesn't mean it's not confusing or whatever.
Robert Pirosh|I like words. I like fat buttery words, such as ooze, turpitude, glutinous, toady. I like solemn, angular, creaky words, such as straitlaced, cantankerous, pecunious, valedictory. I like spurious, black-is-white words, such as mortician, liquidate, tonsorial, demi-monde. I like suave “V” words, such as Svengali, svelte, bravura, verve. I like crunchy, brittle, crackly words, such as splinter, grapple, jostle, crusty. I like sullen, crabbed, scowling words, such as skulk, glower, scabby, churl. I like Oh-Heavens, my-gracious, land’s-sake words, such as tricksy, tucker, genteel, horrid. I like elegant, flowery words, such as estivate, peregrinate, elysium, halcyon. I like wormy, squirmy, mealy words, such as crawl, blubber, squeal, drip. I like sniggly, chuckling words, such as cowlick, gurgle, bubble and burp.
Yasunari Kawabata|Put your soul in the palm of my hand for me to look at, like a crystal jewel. I'll sketch it in words...
Walpola Rahula, What the Buddha Taught: Revised and Expanded Edition with Texts from Suttas and Dhammapada|There is no unmoving mover behind the movement. It is only movement. It is not correct to say that life is moving, but life is movement itself. Life and movement are not two different things. In other words, there is no thinker behind the thought. Thought itself is the thinker. If you remove the thought, there is no thinker to be found.
Eckhart Tolle, A New Earth: Awakening to Your Life's Purpose|When you don’t cover up the world with words and labels, a sense of the miraculous returns to your life that was lost a long time ago when humanity, instead of using thought, became possessed by thought. A depth returns to your life. Things regain their newness, their freshness. And the greatest miracle is the experiencing of your essential self as prior to any words, thoughts, mental labels and images.
Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog|So if there is something on the planet that is worth living for, I'd better not miss it, because once you're dead, it's too late for regrets, and if you die by mistake, that is really, really dumb.
Thea Harrison, Pia Saves the Day|He clenched his teeth and muttered, "I can't get deep enough."....Putting her mouth to his ear, she whispered, "Try.
Sara Secora|Black hair spilling, blue eyes piercing. Enchanted by the lies that he was singing.
Maddy Malhotra, How to Build Self-Esteem and Be Confident: Overcome Fears, Break Habits, Be Successful and Happy|Ideas are never original," Kelsier said. "Only one thing is.""And what is that?"Style," Kelsier said.Then he punched Ruin across the face.
Mary Ruefle, Madness, Rack, and Honey: Collected Lectures|In one sense, reading is a great waste of time. In another sense, it is a great extension of time, a way for one person to live a thousand and one lives in a single lifespan, to watch the great impersonal universe at work again and again,
Anthony Kiedis, Scar Tissue|Nothing was working, and my friend was dead, and I didn't want to look at that.
David Nicholls, One Day|He put one hand lightly on the back of her neck and simultaneously she placed one hand lightly on his hip, and they kissed in the street as all around them people hurried home in the summer light, and it was the sweetest kiss that either of them would ever know. This is where it all begins. Everything starts here, today. And then it was over.
Naomi Novik, His Majesty's Dragon|Given love and opportunity, every child and adult can recover. All who know this and have the capacity to help others should assist as they can.
R. Scott Bakker, The Thousandfold Thought|Water everywhere, falling in thundering cataracts, singular drops, and draping sheets. Kellhus paused next to one of the shining braziers, peered beneath the bronze visage that loomed orange and scowling over his father, watched him lean back into absolute shadow.“You came to the world,” unseen lips said, “and you saw that Men were like children.”Lines of radiance danced across the intervening waters.“It is their nature to believe as their fathers believed,” the darkness continued. “To desire as they desired … Men are like wax poured into moulds: their souls are cast by their circumstances. Why are no Fanim children born to Inrithi parents? Why are no Inrithi children born to Fanim parents? Because these truths are made, cast by the particularities of circumstance. Rear an infant among Fanim and he will become Fanim. Rear him among Inrithi and he will become Inrithi …“Split him in two, and he would murder himself.”Without warning, the face re-emerged, water-garbled, white save the black sockets beneath his brow. The action seemed random, as though his father merely changed posture to relieve some vagrant ache, but it was not. Everything, Kellhus knew, had been premeditated. For all the changes wrought by thirty years in the Wilderness, his father remained Dûnyain …Which meant that Kellhus stood on conditioned ground.“But as obvious as this is,” the blurred face continued, “it escapes them. Because they cannot see what comes before them, they assume nothing comes before them. Nothing. They are numb to the hammers of circumstance, blind to their conditioning. What is branded into them, they think freely chosen.So they thoughtlessly cleave to their intuitions, and curse those who dare question. They make ignorance their foundation. They confuse their narrow conditioning for absolute truth.”He raised a cloth, pressed it into the pits of his eyes. When he withdrew it, two rose-coloured stains marked the pale fabric. The face slipped back into the impenetrable black.“And yet part of them fears. For even unbelievers share the depth of their conviction. Everywhere, all about them, they see examples of their own self-deception … ‘Me!’ everyone cries. ‘I am chosen!’ How could they not fear when they so resemble children stamping their feet in the dust? So they encircle themselves with yea-sayers, and look to the horizon for confirmation, for some higher sign that they are as central to the world as they are to themselves.”He waved his hand out, brought his palm to his bare breast. “And they pay with the coin of their devotion.
Roxanne Snopek, Saving the Sheriff|She pulled her arm free from his grasp and stood back, her arms crossed. "So, what then? You're holding me hostage? Are you even really a sheriff?""I am," he said, highly amused at her attempt at bravado. "You wanna see my badge?
R.J. Palacio|Hannah, do you think that your mum and dad and Tate's mum and dad and my mum and dad and Webb and Tate are all together someplace?' she asks earnestly. I look at Hannah, waiting for the answer. And then she smiles. Webb once said that a Narnie smile was a revelation and, at this moment, I need a revelation. And I get one. 'I wonder,' Hannah says.
Katherine McIntyre, Poisoned Apple|Harsh, bitter laughs exploded from her like shrapnel, and she didn’t care who was cut in the process.
Moliere|Real nutrition comes from soybeans, almonds, rice, and other healthy vegetable sources, not from a cow's udder.
Angie karan|... I love him... not because he's handsome... but because he's more myself than I am. Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same...
Muriel Barbery, The Elegance of the Hedgehog|Elsewhere the world may be blustering or sleeping, wars are fought, people live and die, some nations disintegrate, while others are born, soon to be swallowed up in turn - and in all this sound and fury, amidst eruptions and undertows, while the world goes its merry way, bursts into flames, tears itself apart and is reborn: human life continues to throb.So, let us drink a cup of tea.
Rick Riordan, The Titan's Curse|I looked at Thalia. "You're afraid of heights."Now that we were safely down the mountain, her eyes had their usual angry look. "Don't be stupid."That explains why you freaked out on Apollo's bus. Why you didn't want to talk about it."She took a deep breath. Then she brushed the pine needles out of her hair. "If you tell anyone, I swear—"No, no," I said. "That's cool. It's just… the daughter of Zeus, the Lord of the Sky, afraid of heights?
Timothy Padayachee|Dont act like you are walking around with a Tshirt that says "I give Up!" on the front and on the back saying "I never started trying!"People can bring you down, situations happen, YOU can feel like Life is the shittiest thing to deal with. BLAH BLAH BLAH..If you're walking through Hell, keep going! Everyday there's a new challenge. Face it! Deal with it! Move on! To every problem there is a solution or a way around it.. Stop being a sour mongral and think life owes you something..No one will do anything for you these days. Start fighting. Get rid of ALL the shit people in your Life. Grow some balls of steel and work progressively through everything. Step by Step or what ever mad method you have to get you back in line again.Who cares, if people don't like you, BURN that mother of a bridge down. It was never meant to be.. Build New ones! Many roads to cross and new paths on life to Explore..It starts with YOU.. And if people want to judge you, tell them to F/O and look in the mirror. Time for a new game.. It's called "Take over the World" WHOOOP WHOOOP!!
bell hooks, All About Love: New Visions|Women are often belittled for trying to resurrect these men and bring them back to life and to love. They are in a world that would be even more alienated and violent if caring women did not do the work of teaching men who have lost touch with themselves how to love again. This labor of love is futile only when the men in question refuse to awaken, refuse growth. At this point it is a gesture of self-love for women to break their commitment and move on.
Brian Selznick, Wonderstruck|He wished he was with his mom in her library, where everything was safe and numbered and organized by the Dewey decimal system. Ben wished the world was organized by the Dewey decimal system. That way you'd be able to find whatever you were looking for, like the meaning of your dream, or your dad.
Jonathan L. Howard, Katya's World|I’m not certain what I notice first, the bright flickering light that illuminates the darkness underneath my eyelids, or the shrill screams that pull me form the dredges of sleep. Either way, I’m awake. And afraid.
Colton Haynes|It seems every year, people make the resolution to exercise and lose weight and get in shape.
Alyse M. Gardner|Sometimes, falling back on or using an old method or habit, is like sliding into a pair of worn running shoes and a corset. Doesn't make sense to others, but it's not for them. It's what keeps you together, what keeps you going.
Susan Bischoff, Heroes 'Til Curfew|But Aunt Habiba said not to worry, that everyone had wonderful things hidden inside. The only difference was that some managed to share those wonderful things, and others did not. Those who did not explore and share the precious gifts within went through life feeling miserable, sad, awkward with others, and angry too. You had to develop a talent, Aunt Habiba said, so that you could give something, share and shine. And you developed a talent by working very hard at becoming good at something. It could be anything - singing, dancing, cooking, embroidering, listening, looking, smiling, waiting, accepting, dreaming, rebelling, leaping. 'Anything you can do well can change your life', said Aunt Habiba.
Adi Alsaid, Let's Get Lost|What if she was supposed to be a painter, but no one ever gave her a brush?
Paul Theroux, Ghost Train to the Eastern Star|Most travel, and certainly the rewarding kind, involves depending on the kindness of strangers, putting yourself into the hands of people you don't know and trusting them with your life.
Sara Pennypacker, Clementine's Letter|Any problem can be made clearer with a picture, and any picture can be created using the same set of tools and rules.
Vince Vaughn|I realized that if you try to be the perfect mom, perfect wife, perfect actress, you start to feel overwhelmed. You shut down. I got that really fast... I was running back and forth from breast-feeding to filming a scene, overextending myself on every level. I realized I have to make priorities, and my family is number one no matter what.
Elisabeth Elliot, Let Me be a Woman|I believe a woman, in order to be a good wife, must be (among other things) both sensual and maternal.
Anne Bishop, Written in Red|You weren't afraid of me when I was Wolf," he said. "Why are you afraid of Nathan?""He's got big feet!""What?"An insulted-sounding arrroooo came from the other side of the door, a reminder that Wolves also had big ears.
Dan  Harmon|All beings so far have created something beyond themselves; and do you want to be the ebb of this great flood and even go back to the beasts rather than overcome man? What is the ape to man? A laughingstock or a painful embarrassment. And man shall be just that for the overman: a laughingstock or a painful embarrassment… (…) Man is a rope, tied between beast and overman—a rope over an abyss… What is great in man is that he is a bridge and not an end: what can be loved in man is that he is an overture and a going under…
Adriana Trigiani, Viola in Reel Life|This is where men and women are different, we can put aside petty competition for relationships - they can't. It interferes.
Elaine Seiler, Getting Rid of Negative Energy|There is a neat economic explanation for the sexual division of labour in hunter-gatherers. In terms of nutrition, women generally collect dependable, staple carbohydrates whereas men fetch precious protein. Combine the two – predictable calories from women and occasional protein from men – and you get the best of both worlds. At the cost of some extra work, women get to eat some good protein without having to chase it; men get to know where the next meal is coming from if they fail to kill a deer. That very fact makes it easier for them to spend more time chasing deer and so makes it more likely they will catch one. Everybody gains – gains from trade. It is as if the species now has two brains and two stores of knowledge instead of one – a brain that learns about hunting and a brain that learns about gathering.
W.H. Auden, Markings|I am sure it is everyone’s experience, as it has been mine, that any discovery we make about ourselves or the meaning of life is never, like a scientific discovery, a coming upon something entirely new and unsuspected; it is rather, the coming to conscious recognition of something, which we really knew all the time but, because we were unwilling to formulate it correctly, we did not hitherto know we knew.
N.K. Jemisin|And once upon a time I wondered: Is writing epic fantasy not somehow a betrayal? Did I not somehow do a disservice to my own reality by paying so much attention to the power fantasies of disenchanted white men?But. Epic fantasy is not merely what Tolkien made it.This genre is rooted in the epic — and the truth is that there are plenty of epics out there which feature people like me. Sundiata’s badass mother. Dihya, warrior queen of the Amazighs. The Rain Queens. The Mino Warriors. Hatshepsut’s reign. Everything Harriet Tubman ever did. And more, so much more, just within the African components of my heritage. I haven’t even begun to explore the non-African stuff. So given all these myths, all these examinations of the possible… how can I not imagine more? How can I not envision an epic set somewhere other than medieval England, about someone other than an awkward white boy? How can I not use every building-block of my history and heritage and imagination when I make shit up?And how dare I disrespect that history, profane all my ancestors’ suffering and struggles, by giving up the freedom to imagine that they’ve won for me.
Kapil Sharma|Growing up in Huntington Beach, you were either a traditional sports athlete, a skateboarder, or a surfer. I got my first skateboard when I was five and skated off and on over the years, did a little BMX racing as a kid, and then in my freshman or sophomore year I started getting a little bit more into skateboarding.
Theodore Roosevelt, Theodore Roosevelt: An Autobiography|Books are all very well in their way, and we love them at Sagamore Hill; but children are better than books.
L. Jayne, Chasing After Infinity|...and there encountered with him all at once Sir Bors, Sir Ector, and Sir Lionel, and they three smote him at once with their spears, and with force of themselves they smote Sir Lancelot's horse reverse to the earth. And by misfortune Sir Bors smote Sir Lancelot through the shield into the side...
Margaret Peterson Haddix, Double Identity|Oh, Myr," he chokes out. "I hate having to ask this of you..."He glances towards the car again, and I crouch down in the shadows, hoping it's too dark for him to see whether the window is open or closed. The woman pats his arm, cradling her hand against his elbow."You know I'd do anything for you and Hil," she says. I like her voice. It's throaty and rich."You'd do anything?" my father repeats numbly. "Even now? After -?""Even now," the woman says firmly.
Charles Dickens|I think this goat must have been fed on old boots,' Stubble complained as he chewed the last scraps of flesh from the bones littering his stew.
Steve Kluger, My Most Excellent Year|No, I`ve never thought that I was gay. And that`s not something you think. It`s something you know.
Pierce Brosnan|The forties are very cool and very pastoral. The fifties look like they're pastoral, and then you get a bit more turbulence.
John Henry Newman|It is not who is right, but what is right, that is of importance.
Frederick Douglass, Narrative of the Life of Frederick Douglass|Slavery happened. That flag stands for segregation. We have monuments to Civil War generals and slave owners, as well as preserved plantations. But we have only one slavery museum, and that was built by a private citizen. We have no national or federal slavery museum. There is no government-funded slavery museum. A proposal to put one in Virginia came through in 2001 and went unfunded and failed. Another one in Richmond reached a similar fate. This is absolutely shameful.
Katee Robert, Seducing the Bridesmaid|Why women choose to dress like this on a regular basis baffles me. It weighs so much. And then they add those high shoes? I will never understand Ladies,” Rose commented
Kathryn Davis, Duplex|The universe is soo huge, it would be a pity if we were alone
Joseph Hunt|You can only write what you know if you've lived, otherwise, you'll just be writing words.
Evan Meekins, The Black Banner|With the threat of them being potential spies or saboteurs, nobody will argue against our actions, and history itself will vindicate us.
Lailah Gifty Akita|The world is filled with heroes and wannabes, so let me just play the villain.
Alex Latimer, The Space Race|If untruths become part of our language—untruths that in context are intended to be interpreted as polite expressions or figure of speech—then each person is left to decide for themselves the meaning of any sentence. And when language and meaning become subjective, society breaks down. The rule of law becomes a grey area. Commands become suggestions. And how do you keep anyone, including yourself, accountable for actions based on ambiguous language?
R.L. Mosz|If you say anything, it just gets worse.
Zane Grey|And above all things, never think that you're not good enough yourself. A man should never think that. My belief is that in life people will take you at your own reckoning.
Jason Versey|Everyone needs to have support from people who care about them, but ultimately if we don’t work hard and do our part, those dreams are nothing but wishes, fantasy.
Amit Ray|You are the Golden Witnessing Screen. Meditation is the effortless effort to keep that screen clean, clear and perfect. - Sri Amit Ray
John Leslie Mackie|I guess it's true what they say: if we could reason with religious people, there would be no religious people.
R.J. Palacio, Wonder|The things we do outlast our mortality. The things we do are like monuments that people build to honor heroes after they've died. They're like the pyramids that the Egyptians built to honor the pharaohs. Only instead of being made of stone, they're made out of the memories people have of you.
Robin S. Sharma|My friend Richard Carrion, the CEO of Puerto Rico’s top bank, once shared a line with me that I’ll never forget: “Robin, nothing fails like success.” Powerful thought. Your business is most vulnerable when it’s most successful. Success actually breeds complacency, inefficiency and – worst of all – arrogance. Whenever I share this point with a roomful of CEOs, every one of them nods their head at this one. Please let me give you a real-world example from my own life.
Dor Bahadur Bista, Fatalism And Development: Nepal's Struggle For Modernization|Where the establishment emphasized humility, prudence, lineage, meritocracy celebrates ambition, achievement, brains&self-betterment
Markus Zusak, Underdog|My mind cannot grasp forever," she told him. "There must surely be an end somewhere. But the big question is-what it beyond the end?
Herbert Read|I'm not a religious person, and I'm not too interested in being a part of a religion, but I do like having some sort of communal gathering, and having some sense of peoples.
Basia Christ|In order to gain gender equality, women and men must work together, equally, to teach our daughters and sons to embrace our differences, respect each others' opinions, and remove stereotypes to what a girl or boy should aspire.
Twyla Tharp|Here’s how I learned to improvise: I played some music in the studio and I started to move. It sounds obvious, but I wonder how many people, whatever their medium, appreciate the gift of improvisation. It’s your one opportunity in life to be completely free, with no responsibilities and no consequences. You don’t have to be good or even interesting. It’s you alone, with no one watching or judging. If anything comes of it, you decide whether the world gets to see it. In essence, you are giving yourself permission to daydream during working hours.
A.C. Grayling, What Is Good?|If you witness evil men committing evil deeds and do nothing, what does that make you?
Robert S. Cosmar|We need more explorers in consciousness and less followers of beliefs, isms, and credos.Religions and spiritual leaders influence millions by pushing their beliefs. They believe in the Bible, the Koran, and the Gita, but do not personally ‘know’ the essence within them. Too many believe in beliefs and are not who they profess to be, nor any closer to the truth than the totally unaware.
Eugenia Price|if someone has just hurt you or broken your heart, if someone has just died, all the grace you need is there-waiting for you to receive it. As long as we are pulled inward-despair and self attention, we aren't free to reach for God's grace. If we mean to leave ourselves alone, we must keep a hand free.
Marion Zimmer Bradley, Ancestors of Avalon|Of all things we mortals are called upon to do, the most difficult is forgiveness; in order to truly do it, you will probably have to behave as if you already have forgiven for quite a while before you have actually done so.
C.S. Lewis, The Weight of Glory|We do not want merely to see beauty, though, God knows, even that is bounty enough. We want something else which can hardly be put into words — to be united with the beauty we see, to pass into it, to receive it into ourselves, to bathe in it, to become part of it.
Lisa Jackson ~ Lost Souls|When One Person Can't Get What He Or She Wants, That Passion Can Turn Into Brutal Frustration And Anger ~ Jay McKnight
Charles Wright, Caribou: Poems|Arrange your unutterable alphabet, my man, / and hold tight. / It's all you've got, a naming of things, and not so beautiful.
C. JoyBell C.|Our key to greatness lies not in our ability to project ourselves to others as if we are putting ourselves onto a projector and creating an image of ourselves on a projector screen. Rather, our key to greatness lies in who we are which we can give to other people in a way that when they walk away from us, they are able to say in their hearts that they have taken away something with them quite extraordinary.
Neil Gaiman, The Ocean at the End of the Lane|There are only two things that determine whether you're old enough to do something -- whether you understand what the hell you're getting yourself into -- and whether you're willing to accept responsibility for it if it blows up in your face.How many years you've been alive is ultimately meaningless -- except in as much as it gives parents a general sort of idea as to whether their child is likely to understand what they're getting themselves into. Small children, for instance, can't really comprehend shades of grey -- where a decision or choice can have different answers depending on the circumstances. For them, everything is black and white.
J.D. Salinger, Nine Stories|You know Sven? The man who takes care of the gym?' he asked. He waited till he got a nod from Nicholson. 'Well, if Sven dreamed tonight that his dog died, he'd have a very, very bad night's sleep, because he's very fond of that dog. But when he woke up in the morning, everything would be all right. He'd know it was only a dream.'Nicholson nodded. 'What's the point exactly?'The point is if his dog really died, it would be exactly the same thing. Only he wouldn't know it. I mean he wouldn't wake up till he died himself.
Ray Charles|It is the element I miss in electronic music - no performance, no loving immersion. Maybe that is why I was never particularly drawn to electronic music.
Bill Clinton|We all do better when we work together. Our differences do matter, but our common humanity matters more.
Jack Dangermond|Sir Isaac Newton gave the extraterrestrials their biggest shot in the arm when he embraced the infinite universe as the basis for his hugely influential system of physics. Even so, the aliens of the early modern period remained creatures of philosophy rather than science.
ransonbrown|I was feeling sorry for myself and immediately assumed her life was going better than mine. Ridiculous, of course—no one can know what a stranger’s life is like. Often we don’t even know what a loved one’s life is like. We all keep so many things to ourselves.
Chuck Klosterman, Sex, Drugs, and Cocoa Puffs: A Low Culture Manifesto|In a roundabout way, Boba Fett created Pearl Jam.
Alanis Morissette|The majority of my UFO diet consists of reports describing suspected encounters. This is not surprising, as there are thousands of sightings annually. The emailer has seen something unusual in the sky that he interprets as probable evidence of alien presence.
Conrad Anker|In many museums, you see one of this and one of that. You gain an understanding of what Abstract Expressionism or Minimalism is, but you aren't given the chance to appreciate the mind of an artist.
Devdutt Pattanaik, Sita: An Illustrated Retelling of the Ramayana|Morrigan moved across the room as if she were floating. “I will acknowledge your anger, Aerric, but only for a moment. The others will lead the charge against the fledglings, but I want you to track Liam and report back to me directly. How many Sluagh did you take out today?”	I shook my head. “Five total, but with all due respect, Goddess, I am going to need a bit more of an explanation as to why the love of my life is lying here before me, alive and well, when she was supposed to have died two centuries ago.
Joseph Campbell, The Power of Myth|Man should not be in the service of society, society should be in the service of man. When man is in the service of society, you have a monster state, and that's what is threatening the world at this minute.
Rod Stewart|I'm really thankful for every experience I've had, even the ones that were puzzling or disorienting, because they taught me so much.
Catherynne M. Valente, In the Cities of Coin and Spice|One of my favorite phobias is that girls, especially those whose tastes aren't routine, often don't get a fair break... It has come down through the generations, an inheritance of age-old customs which produced the corollary that women are bred to timidity.
Courtney C. Stevens, The Lies About Truth|Let me wake up next to you,A cup of coffee together will do.Let’s go out somewhere far,Don’t let anyone know till we’re back.Grab your bike keys & my hand,Let’s wander holding hand in hand.To our secret spot up the hill we go,And we see the sunset & more.Under a magical sky filled with stars,Kiss me good night on my eyes.And we find out you don't have to be happy at all...Cause darling, I'm beside you holding your hand
Maurice Ravel|A man can believe a considerable deal of rubbish, and yet go about his daily work in a rational and cheerful manner.
Alex Flinn, Beastly|when you're a kid, they tell you that it's what's on the inside that counts. Looks don't matter . But that's not true. Guys like Phoebus in The Hunchback, or Dorian, or the old Kyle Kingsbury-- they can be scumbags to women and still get away with it because they're good-looking. Being ugly is a kind of prisoner.
Bruce Catton, Waiting for the Morning Train|The challenge to which these two groups responded was the interdependence of human kind, North and South, Rich and Pool, Industrialised and Rural, in the aftermath of the Second World War. To the United World College group it called for the establishment of a new kind of school where young people of all nations and backgrounds could live and learn together at the most formative period of their adolescence and so form those ties of friendship and understanding that would last them through their lives
|There is no greater success than turning your true passion into a dream, and seeing its reality come to manifestation.
Richard Matheson, I Am Legend|He took the woman from her bed, pretending not to notice the question posed in his mind: Why do you always experiment on women? He didn't care to admit that the inference had any validity. She just happened to be the first one he's come across, that was all. What about the man in the living room, though? For God's sake! he flared back. I'm not going to rape the woman!Crossing your fingers, Neville? Knocking on wood?He ignored that, beginning to suspect his mind of harboring an alien. Once he might have termed it conscience. Now it was only an annoyance. Morality, after all, had fallen with society. He was his own ethic.Makes a good excuse, doesn't it, Neville? Oh, shut up.
John Keats|There is a wisdom of the head, and a wisdom of the heart.
Koren Zailckas|Being told about the effects of climate change is an appeal to our reason and to our desire to bring about change. But to see that Africans are the hardest hit by climate change, even though they generate almost no greenhouse gas, is a glaring injustice, which also triggers anger and outrage over those who seek to ignore it.
Jefferson Bethke, Jesus > Religion: Why He Is So Much Better Than Trying Harder, Doing More, and Being Good Enough|Trying to be good enough to earn heaven is like trying to jump to Hawaii from the coast of California. Everyone looks like an idiot, some drown, some get three feet, some get ten feet, but no one even gets close to Hawaii.
Isaac Bashevis Singer|All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small.
Peggy Noonan|But one immediate thing can be done right now, and that is: lower the temperature. Any way you can, and everybody. Just lower it.
Jamie Metzl|The magic of life is its imprecision, the multiple narratives constantly unfolding before us. Every step we take, every decision we make, reshuffles the deck of our lives and sets a new trajectory of possibility in motion.
Guy P. Harrison, 50 Simple Questions for Every Christian|I can explain why I have to do what I'm about to do, but I'm acutely aware that an explanation is not a righteous justification. What's bad is bad even if necessary.
Jennifer Crusie, Manhunting|Who was the moron on the phone?""Carl Avery," Kate said. "A long-standing client and potential felon.
Shaun Tan|You make a product, and you put it out, and you do it with as much excellence and also wisdom as possible, and then it's the Lord that drives it and determines where it will go.
Wally Lamb, She's Come Undone|Wanderess, Wanderess, weave us a story of seduction and ruse. Heroic be the Wanderess, the world be her muse.
Nicolás Gómez Dávila|In unremarkable texts we soon trip on phrases that penetrate into us, as if a sword has thrust up to its hilt inside us.
Krist Novoselic|If an apprentice does not hear what a master hears, is then that quality not present in the music? Yes and no. In the world in which the apprentice lives no.
Amit Kalantri|We all were courageous in the starting moments, few of us stayed courageous till the final moments and the world called them successful men.
Ray Kurzweil|The intelligence we will create from the reverse-engineering of the brain will have access to its own source code and will be able to rapidly improve itself in an accelerating iterative design cycle. Although there is considerable plasticity in the biological human brain, as we have seen, it does have a relatively fixed architecture, which cannot be significantly modified, as well as a limited capacity. We are unable to increase its 300 million pattern recognizers to, say, 400 million unless we do so nonbiologically. Once we can achieve that, there will be no reason to stop at a particular level of capability. We can go on to make it a billion pattern recognizers, or a trillion.
Lady Gaga|When you make music or write or create, it's really your job to have mind-blowing, irresponsible, condomless sex with whatever idea it is you're writing about at the time. 
Theodore Isaac Rubin|When you hold on to anger and unforgiveness, you can't move forward.
Étienne Gilson|Even when it wasn’t visible, Dominic could smell the newly broken skin. It sent a wave of hunger through him, but he ignored it. Not tonight; tonight was for other pleasures.
Alexis de Tocqueville|The people's government, made for the people, made by the people, and answerable to the people.
Elizabeth Bowen, The House in Paris|As much as anything else, it was a stare, not so paradoxically, of a privacy-lover who, once his privacy has been invaded, doesn't quite approve when the invader just gets up and leaves, one-two-three, like that.
Naoyuki Ochiai, Syndrome 1866 T05|Absolute hospitality would in no way amount to the absence of violence. To the contrary, it would enthrone violence precisely under the guise of nonviolence because it would leave the violators unchanged and the consequences of violence unremedied.
Gyan Nagpal, Talent Economics: The Fine Line Between Winning and Losing the Global War for Talent|Economics ought to be a magpie discipline, taking in philosophy, history and politics. But heterodox approaches have long since been banished from most faculties, claims Tony Lawson. In the 1970s, when he started teaching at Cambridge, the economics faculty still boasted legends such as Nicky Kaldor and Joan Robinson. "There were big debates, and students would study politics, the history of economic thought." And now? "Nothing. No debates, no politics or history of economic thought and the courses are nearly all maths."How do elites remain in charge? If the tale of the economists is any guide, by clearing out the opposition and then blocking their ears to reality. The result is the one we're all paying for.
Sol Luckman, Beginner's Luke|I am, as it were, the created creating—a paradox, for all its rhetorical trappings, at the beating heart of our shared human journey, and one I invite you to struggle with just as I have while, day in and day out, word by word and line by line, constructing a fictitious autobiography for myself in these pages.
Joseph Rotblat|The problems we face now - poverty and violence at home, war and destruction abroad - will last only as long as we continue relying on the same politicians who created them in the first place.
James S.A. Corey, Leviathan Wakes|Drainage tubes ran out of his belly and side, and there was a catheter the size of a pencil coming out his penis. Nothing particularly hurt, so he had to assume he was on pretty nearly all the narcotics there were.
Diana Gabaldon, Drums of Autumn|Did you ever feel a creeping,That awoke you from your sleeping,That made your pulses flutter and bristled all your hair;While a horrid stealthy crawlingPrevented you from calling,And something seemed to tell you that a ghost was coming there?
David Byrne|Planning ahead is a measure of class. The rich and even the middle class plan for future generations, but the poor can plan ahead only a few weeks or days.
Melody J. Bremen, Room 42|There are boys who will make you cry, and then there are boys who are worth spending your fabulous energy on.
RVM|Of course, things will go wrong. Move on! Don’t let the little snags affect the progress of your life.
Wendell Berry, The Unsettling of America: Culture and Agriculture|The longer a person's twitter @username is, the harder it is to argue with them … on twitter.
Widad Akreyi|On the 25th anniversary of 16 Days of Activism Against Gender Violence, let us remember that we have a chance to save lives! If we don't take it, we may regret it!
Suzanne Collins, The Hunger Games|Silver’s sweet and gold’s our mother, but once you’re dead they’re worth less than that last shit you take as you lie dying.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, Tender Is the Night|They were still in the happier stage of love. They were full of brave illusions about each other, tremendous illusions, so that the communion of self with self seemed to be on a plane where no other human relations mattered. They both seemed to have arrived there with an extraordinary innocence as though a series of pure accidents had driven them together, so many accidents that at last they were forced to conclude that they were for each other. They had arrived with clean hands, or so it seemed, after no traffic with the merely curious and clandestine.
John Geddes, A Familiar Rain|If the path you walk is the right one, then the big question comes: How many people have you directed to that path?
Richard Diaz|Man cannot cherish his existence any longer than life holds out charms to him: when he is wrought upon by painful sensations, or drawn by contrary impulsions, his natural tendency is deranged; he is under the necessity to follow a new route; this conducts him to his end, which it even displays to him as the most desirable good.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon, Morning and Evening, Based on the English Standard Version|Jesus loved manhood so much, that He delighted to honour it; and since it is a high honour, and indeed, the greatest dignity of manhood, that Jesus is the Son of man,
Michael Bassey Johnson|Reality is the manifestation of the inner workings, carried out by the supreme powers. Whatever you think and do right now, either positive or negative is working on your behalf because you are a co-worker of the divine.
Fritz Leiber|Fafhrd stopped, again wiped right hand on robe, and held it out. "Name's Fafhrd. Ef ay ef aitch ar dee."Again the Mouser shook it. "Gray Mouser," he said a touch defiantly, as if challenging anyone to laugh at the sobriquet. "Excuse me, but how exactly do you pronounce that? Faf-hrud?""Just Faf-erd.
Jennifer Weiner, In Her Shoes|When a woman once asked Joe how he could come from such a magnificent home and such a good family and still become a gangster, Joe's answer was two-pronged: (a) he wasn't a gangster, he was an outlaw; (b) he came from a magnificent house not a magnificent home.
Sunday Adelaja|Nigeria is a country with abundance of wealth, but because of lack of truth and integrity, the wealth are stolen, but the paradox of the whole thing is, this stolen wealth always find their way to nations with no apparent natural wealth, but with a high credit of degree of truth and honesty.
Terry Pratchett, Nation|Sometimes, situation may be uncomfortable but must endure.
Stephan Attia, Mythopia|Poetry, playing with your words until you breathe life into them.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|With positive mind-set, you can graciously withstand the uncertainties of life.
A.J. Withers|Dr. Lister, who treated the wounded Pres. Garfield, had been so stung by the medical establishment's reaction to his embrace of African-American doctors that he, in response, refused to do part from the status quo enough to considering using antiseptic techniques.
C.S. Lewis, The Silver Chair|Damsel," said the Prince, bowing to her. "You are of a high courage, and therefore, I doubt not, you come of a noble blood in your own world.
William A.  Adams, Mastering Leadership: An Integrated Framework for Breakthrough Performance and Extraordinary Business Results|The structure of our identity determines how we show up as a leader, how we deploy ourselves into circumstances.
Thomas Steinbeck|In all her history, from the formation of the federal government until the hour of secession, no year stands out more prominently than the year 1858 as evidencing the national patriotism of Virginia.
Alice Sebold, The Lovely Bones|Heaven is comfort, but it's still not living.
Andrew-Knox B Kaniki|Life is real, and you canot live a lie.
Jean Cocteau|Perhaps grief is not about empty, but full. The full breath of life that includes death. The completeness, the cycles, the depth, the richness, the process, the continuity and the treasure of the moment that is gone the second you are aware of it.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|Knowing your inner voice and how you will confront it, is like talking to yourself in front of the mirror and appreciate it.
David Levithan, The Realm of Possibility|There is always a new begining...Doors are unlimited, always open, if one closes and that moment the other opens..
Seth Grahame-Smith, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter|The Nazis are well remembered for murdering well over 11 million people in the implementation of their slogan, 'The public good before the private good,' the Chinese Communists for murdering 62 million people in the implementation of theirs, 'Serve the people,' and the Soviet Communists for murdering more than 60 million people in the implementation of Karl Marx's slogan, 'from each according to his ability, to each according to his needs.' Anyone who defends any of these, or any variation of them, on the grounds of their 'good intentions' is an immoral (NOT 'amoral') enabler of the ACTUAL (not just the proverbial) road to hell.
Søren Kierkegaard, Either/Or: A Fragment of Life|You could try and understand people, you could read books and understand words and concepts and ideas, but you could never understand enough or have enough knowledge to keep away the surprises that both fate and human beings had in store.
R.L. Mathewson, Tall, Dark & Heartless|...she was probably having a few murderous thoughts of her own about any woman that touched him. Good, they were making progress.
Oswald Spengler, The Decline of the West|I see, in place of that empty figment of one linear history which can be kept up only by shutting one’s eyes to the overwhelming multitude of facts, the drama of a number of mighty Cultures, each springing with primitive strength from the soil of a mother-region to which it remains firmly bound throughout it’s whole life-cycle; each stamping its material, its mankind, in its own image; each having its own idea, its own passions, its own life, will and feelings, its own death. Here indeed are colours, lights, movements, that no intellectual eye has yet discovered.Here the Cultures, peoples, languages, truths, gods, landscapes bloom and age as the oaks and the pines, the blossoms, twigs and leaves - but there is no ageing “Mankind.” Each Culture has its own new possibilities of self-expression which arise, ripen, decay and never return. There is not one sculpture, one painting, one mathematics, one physics, but many, each in the deepest essence different from the others, each limited in duration and self-contained, just as each species of plant has its peculiar blossom or fruit, its special type of growth and decline.
Agu Jaachynma N.E.|What I have called the internal morality of law is in this sense a procedural version of natural law, though to avoid misunderstanding the word "procedural" should be assigned a special and expanded sense so that it would include, for example, a substantive accord between official action and enacted law. The term "procedural" is, however, broadly appropriate as indicating that we are concerned, not with the substantive aims of legal rules, but with the ways in which a system of rules for governing human conduct must be constructed and administered if it is to be efficacious and at the same time remain what it purports to be.
Kit Cole, Justice for all Time: a time travel romance|sometimes music isn't just a bunch of sounds and lyrics, sometimes it's more than that: a time machine...
Ashly Lorenzana, Speed Needles|I was unhappy there and going through a rough transition, so I was desperate for any friend I could find that I could talk to. I thought that's what he was. We had this secret from my mom, who I didn't like much at the time. It was a harmless secret, so I didn't feel bad about it. All we did was go to the movies and hang out doing fun things all day. It wasn't until much later that the warning signs began, but I was still too young and stupid to see them for what they were at the time. Basically, he was patient as he built up the trust between us. He became a close friend and convinced me that he was on my side somehow. He took total advantage of my ignorance and totally betrayed me a few years later, when he slept with me. After my mom found out, she went psychotic and all she gave a fuck about was what had been done to her. She didn't care about anything except for how hurt she was by what had happened. She blamed me and him equally, telling me that sixteen years old was old enough to know better. Even though I never initiated a goddamn thing with him, and never would have. Even though it happened in the apartment she and I had gotten together, that he was not supposed to be staying in.
Arthur Conan Doyle, The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes - Illustrated|It is known all over the world that there are no secrets in the ghetto and as long as you keep those secrets, you may keep your life.
Agona Apell, The Success Genome Unravelled: Turning Men from Rot to Rock|Go ahead and eat your bread, a time will come when it shall get to you breath. Go ahead and leave your pen, exams will come when you shall remember the pen!
Vikrmn, Guru with Guitar|Science can make a heart beat with ventilator, but there is only one power that makes it live, that is LOVE which is the purest form of FAITH.
Dinah Katt, Once Upon a Time Travel|Working hard is important, but there's something that matters even more. Believing in yourself. Think of it this way: Every great wizard in history has started out as nothing more than we are now. Students. If they can do it, why not us?
Rupert Thomson, The Five Gates of Hell|The strong man lit a cigarette. It looked too frail for his hand. They looked like King Kong and Fay Wray, that hand, that cigarette. There was a movie going on right under his nose and he didn't even know. The guy had about one brain cell and he was doing time in it.
Jamie Ford, Songs of Willow Frost|Then, who is Matilda?' I asked.Toby tilted his cup and poked at the slush with his straw. 'I suppose Matilda's the girl who felt like home.
W. Somerset Maugham, Of Human Bondage|His habit of reading isolated him: it became such a need that after being in company for some time he grew tired and restless; he was vain of the wider knowledge he had acquired from the perusal of so many books, his mind was alert, and he had not the skill to hide his contempt for his companions' stupidity. They complained that he was conceited; and, since he excelled only in matters which to them were unimportant, they asked satirically what he had to be conceited about. He was developing a sense of humour, and found that he had a knack of saying bitter things, which caught people on the raw; he said them because they amused him, hardly realising how much they hurt, and was much offended when he found that his victims regarded him with active dislike. The humiliations he suffered when he first went to school had caused in him a shrinking from his fellows which he could never entirely overcome; he remained shy and silent. But though he did everything to alienate the sympathy of other boys he longed with all his heart for the popularity which to some was so easily accorded. These from his distance he admired extravagantly; and though he was inclined to be more sarcastic with them than with others, though he made little jokes at their expense, he would have given anything to change places with them.
J.R. Rain, Moon Bayou|You'll be in good hands with the colonel, you'll see."The colonel? Okay, I was obviously stuck in a Gone With the Wind theme park. Or maybe a Kentucky Fried Chicken farm.Or I was simply hallucinating...
William Keepin, Divine Duality: The Power of Reconciliation Between Women and Men|When we stand, we do so not only for ourselves, but also for countless others who have similar stories but may never have an opportunity to be witnessed.
Stephen R. Covey, The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People: Powerful Lessons in Personal Change|Courage isn't absenct of fear, it is the awareness that something else is important
Simone Weil|If three steps are taken without any other motive than the desire to obey God, those three steps are miraculous; they are equally so whether they take place on dry land or on water.
Karen Brown, The Longings of Wayward Girls|Now that Olive was grown, I didn't know what to do with myself. You could build your life around one single thing, like a view or a child, but that was risky. You had so much to lose.
Simone de Beauvoir, Prime of Life|In the old days the worst part of my depression used to be the astonishment it caused me, the scandalized way in which I fought against it. Nowadays, on the other hand, I accept it cheerfully enough, like an old familiar friend.
Lisa Kessler, Night Child|She groaned and rolled her eyes. “Do you ever not get your way?”He stepped closer to her, his chest an inch from hers until her back pressed against the modular wall of the fitting room. “Rarely.” His dark gaze held hers, and the deep rumble of his voice sent heat through her body. “But some things are worth the extra effort.
Jay Asher, Thirteen Reasons Why|If there's one thing I've still got, it's my memory. Which is too bad. Maybe if I forgot things once in a while, we'd all be a little bit happier.
Barbara Savage, Miles from Nowhere: A Round the World Bicycle Adventure|I wish I could find MY books listed on GOODREADS - DODGING JOE, THE WOMAN WHO WOULDN'T EXPLAIN, THE BITTER GRAPES - ll available through Amazon and Createspace -
Dillon Burroughs, Hunger No More: A 1-Year Devotional Journey Through the Psalms|I am always hearing. . . the sound of a far off song. I do not exactly know where it is, or what it means; and I don't hear much of it, only the odour of its music, as it were, flitting across the great billows of the ocean outside this air in which I make such a storm; but what I do hear, is quite enough to make me able to bear the cry from the drowning ship. So it would you if you could hear it.''No it wouldn't,' returned Diamond stoutly. 'For they wouldn't hear the music of the far-away song; and if they did, it wouldn't do them any good. You see you and I are not going to be drowned, and so we might enjoy it.''But you have never heard the psalm, and you don't know what it is like. Somehow, I can't say how, it tells me that all is right; that it is coming to swallow up all the cries. . . . It wouldn't be the song it seems if it did not swallow up all their fear and pain too, and set them singing it themselves with all the rest.
Farahad Zama, The Wedding Wallah|Romance isn't just about pink balloons and heart-shaped cards. It is something much deeper. He put a hand to his heart. Here, where it matters, men are more caring. Ask any young woman what kind of man she wants to marry and the answer will be prince or a millionaire. Ask the same questions of a hundred men, and very few will say that they want a princess or a rich girl. The want somebody beautiful and kind
Leonard Susskind|I have a real taste for doing action roles. I starred in a movie called 'Blast,' which was my first action film, and I loved the fighting - I think I've got the build, the attitude and the look for it.
Donna Augustine, Fated|The sizzle I felt being near him was so intense, but I couldn't figure out if they were fireworks or warning flares.
Neil Gaiman|I wanted books and made no distinction between good books or bad, only between the ones I loved, the ones that spoke to my soul, and the ones I merely liked. I did not care how a story was written. There were no bad stories: every story was new and glorious.
Clay Clark, Will Not Work for Food - 9 Big Ideas for Effectively Managing Your Business in an Increasingly Dumb, Distracted & Dishonest America|My friend, doubt is the opposite of faith and the two cannot exist together in the same time and place. Either you believe or you don’t. To build your faith and to absolutely hammer home the incredible importance of embracing the reality that success is a choice.
Robert Frost|To be a poet is a condition, not a profession.
Kandi Steiner, Song Chaser|So I'm not sure if its because we're in the honeymoon stage still or if I actually maybe sorta could be falling falling falling down down down in super amazing, all-out love with him. That's totally bonkers!
Renata Bowers|My uncle always said that it was the sword in a man's hand that determined his worth, not the one between his legs.
Lailah Gifty Akita|I look to you, O GOD.
Jean-Michel Jarre|I'm hopeful that commercial space exploration will takeoff. To really fuel the spaceflight revolution will require an investment of hundreds of billions of dollars a year, and I think that's only going to happen in the commercial sector - if there are large profits to be made.
Edmond Halley|How not to miss those days when the sun was a happy companion that stayed to play all year round and kissed me a careless nut brown? When Mother caught the sweet rain in her well behind the house, and the air was so clear that the grass smelled green?
W. Somerset Maugham|And the poor lady, so small in her black satin, shrivelled up and sallow, with her funny corkscrew curls, took the little boy on her lap and put her arms around him and wept as though her heart would break. But her tears were partly tears of happiness, for she felt that the strangeness between them was gone. She loved him now with a new love because he had made her suffer.
Zygmunt Bauman|When a society is stressed, when it comes up against things that are hard to understand, you get a lot of delusional thinking.
Eudora Welty, On Writing|It was not my intention - it never was - to invent a character who should speak for me, the author, in person. A character is in a story to fill a role there, and the character's life along with its expression of life is defined by that surrounding - indeed is created by its own story. Yet, it seems to me now, years after I wrote The Golden Apples, that I did bring forth a character with whom I came to feel oddly in touch. She derived from what I already knew for myself, even felt I had always known. What I have put into her is my passion for my own life work, my own art. Exposing yourself to risk is a truth that Mrs. Eckhart and I had in common. What animates and possesses me is what drives Mrs. Eckhart, the love of her art and the love of giving it, the desire to give it until there is no more left. Of course any writer is in part all of his characters. How otherwise would they be known to him, occur to him, become what they are? In the making of her character out of my most inward and most deeply felt self, I would say I have found my voice in my own fiction.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|The world citizen is a small leaf on the giant tree of life. They do not see a difference between the branch they were born on and the remaining branches on the tree, because they understand well that we are are all connected to the same roots. The world citizen sees each section of the world as part of their arm, leg, eyes, and heart. They do not class, contain or separate themselves or their identity by ethnicity or religion -- because they see their existence as a small part of a greater whole. When asked about their religion, the world citizen simply replies: 'My heart.
William Nsubuga|We reject the blame game and accusations so common in efficient groups. With each person accepting full responsibility for their actions, no on can have any more of the blame than anyone else. Let's all be accountable to ourselves, so we can grow and learn from our mistakes and be buoyed by our successes.
Luigina Sgarro|Your obsession with being in control of your mind makes you so stiff all the times; that is why our egos are growing, and our sense of humor is shrinking.
Philip Zaleski, The Fellowship: The Literary Lives of the Inklings: J.R.R. Tolkien, C.S. Lewis, Owen Barfield, Charles Williams|Lewis had developed a trademark style, slow enough for note taking, loud enough to rouse the dullest listener, straightforward, abundantly furnished with quotations, and lavish in wit.
Libba Bray, Beauty Queens|Because 'You're perfect just the way you are,' is what your guidance counselor says. And she's an alcoholic.
Ludwig Wittgenstein|I think one of the things you and I have to learn is that we have to live without the consolation of belonging to a Church....Of one thing I am certain. The religion of the future will have to be extremely ascetic, and by that I don't mean just going without food and drink.
Amit Kalantri|If you are the hero of your family, there is very good chance that one day you will be the hero of the world.
Tanmaya Guru|Earth: the things that are solid, absorbed and still.Water: the things that are fluid, changing and unpredictable.Wind: the things that shift, evolve and challenge.Fire: the things that damage, devastate and distroy.The void: the things that are present through their absence
Kristin Armstrong|We're living in a time when parenting is not at all mirroring the way I was parented. For me, I just followed my parents around on their errands; when they were busy on the phone, I was quiet. It's a different kettle of fish these days: They run the house, and you listen to their music, and you go to their appointments.
John Stuart Mill, On Liberty|Unfortunately for the good sense of mankind, the fact of their fallibility is far from carrying the weight in their practical judgement, which is always allowed to it in theory; for while every one well knows himself to be fallible, few think it necessary to take any precautions against their own fallibility. 
John Paul II, Fides et Ratio: On the Relationship Between Faith and Reason|It must not be forgotten that reason too needs to be sustained in all its searching by trusting dialogue and sincere friendship. A climate of suspicion and distrust, which can beset speculative research, ignores the teaching of the ancient philosophers who proposed friendship as one of the most appropriate contexts for sound philosophical enquiry.
Amanda Linsmeier, Ditch Flowers|I feel a warmth within, as if sunshine has flooded my soul.
Ayushman Jamwal|When hope turns dark, I will bring the sun to light it, I shall guide, protect thee, For I am the human spirit.Poem: God’s Dream, in ‘Chameleon Lights
E. smith sleigh, Post Structuralism and Related Quotes: from Jacques Derrida, Judith Kristeva, and Many Others|Post-structuralism is a reaction to structuralism and works against seeing language as a stable, closed system. It is a shift from seeing the poem or novel as a closed entity, equipped with definite meanings which it is the critic's task to decipher, to seeing literature as irreducibly plural, an endless play of signifiers which can never be finally nailed down to a single center, essence, or meaning.Jan Rybicki, 2003
Betty Smith, A Tree Grows in Brooklyn|Sadie heard her inside cleaning up the kitchen and wondered what dreams Betty's mother had for herself, if all mothers had them, bottled up beneath their mother exteriors.
Jennifer Elisabeth|Sometimes you have to let go a little bit and travel the path of least resistance but this doesn’t mean that you quit when things get tough, as you are working towards a goal! It just means that you may only be able to see a rough draft of your final destination, right now, and that it’s safe to explore along the way.
Kody Keplinger|God really must have had a sense of humor, because if I had to name my biggest turn-on, it was literature. And he had just recommended a book that I didn’t know, that wasn’t taught in school. If I were single, there would be no better pick-up line.
Debasish Mridha|When happiness depends on a situation or creation, it is not happiness; it is the joy of action.
Christian D. Larson|I don’t mean good like going to church or not breaking laws. If, in your heart, you try to get through the daywithout hurting other people, then you are a good person...
Michael  Grant, Plague|Edilio lay on the steps of town hall feeling as weak as a kitten. He had barely heard Caine’s big speech. He couldn’t have cared less. There was nothing he could do, not with delirium spinning his head.He coughed hard, too hard. It wracked his body each time he did it so that he dreaded the next cough. His stomach was clenched in knots. Every muscle in his body ached.He was vaguely aware that he was saying something in between c
Roy T. Bennett, The Light in the Heart|Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.
Greg Graffin|I am a universalist, passionately devoted to the cause of equality within the human family.
Charles Dickens, Barnaby Rudge|To surround anything, however monstrous or ridiculous, with an air of mystery, is to invest it with a secret charm, and power of attraction which to the crowd is irresistible.
H.L. Mencken, A Mencken Chrestomathy|The practice of perfect virtue does not require teaching, but instructs others.
Eden Phillpotts|Think for yourselves and let others enjoy the privilege to do so, too.
Orson Scott Card|The mother sings a hungry songOf blood and cracking teethShe dances in the dark belowwants to pull us underneathHer claws, they rise, they sway in danceto the melody of screamsHer lullaby will never endtill the world comes apart at the seams
Franklin Marion Havens|God is forgotten, the mighty dollar has taken his place and the mechanic cannot ease the troubled soul. The road is closed. Under circumstances such as these America only increases speed. America will not stop for anything, it wants to get on, go on, forge a way ahead. Should America turn back? Absolutely not! It simply increases the pace a hundredfold, acts the hurricane and whips life up to a white heat. In Europe nowadays we have the word Americanism, the old days had festina lente.
Katrina Kaif|Don't time travel into the past, roaming through the nuances as if they can change. Don't bookmark pages you've already read.
Jasmine Jean, Whimsy Girl|Our wings serve as flippers that carry us across the ocean; not in the sky!Why, us penguins have so much fun time in the water, we don't even want to fly!
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist|As she stooped over him, her tears fell upon his forehead.The boy stirred, and smiled in his sleep, as though these marks of pity and compassion had awakened some pleasant dream of a love and affection he had never known; as a strain of gentle music, or the rippling of water in a silent place, or the odour of a flower, or even the mention of a familiar word, will sometimes call up sudden dim remembrances of scenes that never were, in this life; which vanish like a breath; and which some brief memory of a happier existence, long gone by, would seem to have awakened, for no voluntary exertion of the mind can ever recall them.
Lisa Daily, Single-Minded|Love does not appear with any warning signs. You fall into it as if pushed from a high diving board. No time to think about what’s happening. It’s inevitable. An event you can’t control. A crazy, heart-stopping, roller-coaster ride that just has to take its course.
Laura Ingalls Wilder|We should feel sorrow, but not sink under its oppression.
Stephen Covey|Variety's the very spice of life, That gives it all its flavor.
Mehmet Murat ildan|There definitely needs to be water on the sidelines for these players, but I also had some Gatorade just in case they were allergic to the water or vice versa.
Donald Miller, A Million Miles in a Thousand Years: What I Learned While Editing My Life|Most people do a good deal of whatever they do motivated by love. For me, few stories are truly complete without it.
Ashly Lorenzana|Money is necessary in everyone's life. Why? Only because people have decided that it should be. It didn't have to be the way that it has become. If nothing came at the price of money, it wouldn't need to exist.
Richard Hofstadter, The American Political Tradition and the Men Who Made It|Because evil, my dear child, can be done to anyone and by everyone, but good can only be done to those who need it.
David Gemmell, Fall of Kings|I was a man before I was a king, and no true man walks away when a friend needs him.
Jean Chatzky|I believe in karma, and I believe if you put out positive vibes to everybody, that's all you're going to get back.
Luis Alberto Urrea, The Hummingbird's Daughter|They breathed. They felt their lungs fill the sky, and they let the dark clouds inside them flow out. Then they connected to the earth.
Robert Mueller|Though I had come into the world on 16 November 1922, my official documents show that I was born two days later, on the 18th. It was thanks to this petty fraud that my family escaped from paying the fine for not having registered my birth at the proper legal time.
Courtney Milan, Unlocked|Fear breeds cowardice, and cowardice compels bravery.
William Henry Harrison|When the state or federal government control the education of all of our children, they have the dangerous and illegitimate monopoly to control and influence the thought process of our citizens.
Morinosuke Kawaguchi, Geeky-Girly Innovation: A Japanese Subculturalist's Guide to Technology and Design|She hung up before he could say goodbye. Stood there with her arm cocked, phone at ear-level, suddenly aware of the iconic nature of her unconscious pose. Some very considerable part of the gestural language of public places, that had once belong to cigarettes, now belonged to phones.
J.K. Rowling|Harry and Hermione are very platonic friends. But I won't answer for anyone else, nudge-nudge wink-wink!
Fatema Mernissi, Dreams Of Trespass: Tales Of A Harem Girlhood|I love Hailey and what we have works. Shes's beautiful, she's smart, she's a great mother, and she's heads above what I ever thought I could see in myself.
Dean Karnazes, Ultramarathon Man: Confessions of an All-Night Runner|Of course it was painful, and there were times when, emotionally, I just wanted to chuck it all. But pain seems to be a precondition for this kind of sport. If pain weren't involved, who in the world would ever go to the trouble of taking part in sports like the triathlon or the marathon, which demand such an investment of time and energy? It's precisely because of the pain, precisely because we want to overcome that pain, that we can get the feeling, through this process, of really being alive--or at least a partial sense of it. Your quality of experience is based not on standards such as time or ranking, but on finally awakening to an awareness of the fluidity within action itself.
John Wyndham, The Kraken Wakes|Darling, whose book is this to be?""Ostensibly yours, my sweet""I see -- rather like my life since I met you?""Yes darling
CJ Quinn|And she cries even more, for the way the universe keeps throwing her together with the players in her son's tragedy, like handfuls of dust.
Lindsay Chamberlin, The Shoreline|It’s not that I’m particularly worried about growing old. Nor am I all that bothered about wrinkles, grey hair and all that. BUT. Major but. I don’t like the idea of dying – not when i have so much left to do! That, people, is the rather unwelcome realisation that strikes me now and then, namely that the number of years ahead of me are fewer than the ones behind me, and while I have ticked off a lot of items on that mental list of mine, there are so many things left. Like riding through Paris in a sports car with the warm wind in my hair, to mention one.
Wallace Stevens, The Collected Poems|When it occurs without having to voice it - vibin' on the same page, flowin' on the same wave, soakin' up the same light rays.
Julian Barnes, The Sense of an Ending|I remember what Old Joe Hun said when arguing with Adrian: that mental states can be inferred from actions. That’s in history—Henry VIII and all that. Whereas in the private life, I think the converse is true: that you can infer past actions from current mental states.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Your emotions will wander like a vagabond when you're indebted. Those happy moments with friends will soon be interrupted with a frowning creditor in your sub-conscious, and all your frenzy will be taken aback.
Bill Maher, The New New Rules: A Funny Look At How Everybody But Me Has Their Head Up Their Ass|That one American farmer can now feed himself and fifty-six other people may be, within the narrow view of the specialist, a triumph of technology; by no stretch of reason can it be considered a triumph of agriculture or of culture. It has been made possible by the substitution of energy for knowledge, of methodology for care, of technology for morality.
Nikki Rowe, Once a Girl, Now a Woman|I live by feeling, my intuition surfaces with the radiance of the moon; and the footing I take must be walked in truth. this world is too dark to think of it any other way.
Jason Mraz|I always wanted a guitar. I always wanted to be a cowboy singer because I also listened to Hank Williams, and he would always sing these neat romantic songs.
Elizabeth George, Life Management for Busy Women: Living Out God's Plan with Passion & Purpose|God cares about those in need, and so should His people.
Phyllis Edgerly Ring, Life at First Sight: Finding the Divine in the Details|Staring thus closely at time we suddenly realize that what many look upon as a bromide is really a bombshell; namely, the fact that "there is no time like the present." Indeed, no! For it is the only time God grants to any of us. He does not give us years, months, days, or even hours. He grants us nothing but the truly, indivisible, yet immense and immeasurable, Now. This is "your time" - part of "your hour.
Karon Waddell|Each moment passes by and we do not even realize this. What we ought to cherish, we actually perish!
Tyler, The Creator|I do remember vividly sometime after puberty when I'd answer the phone at home and the callers began to say, 'Hi, Bill!' That's when I knew Dad and I had the same voice.
R.D. Ronald, The Zombie Room|There are things far worse than death, for when it comes to us it is final. What lies beyond it is a matter of faith in what we had hope for.
Aldous Huxley, Brave New World Revisited|If either one or two candidates is dominating the field at the time of the first primaries and caucuses, the voters are superfluous because the victor is already guaranteed. If, however, no candidate is dominant, then the primaries and caucuses will determine the winner. Nonetheless, in recent campaign cycles, that determination has been made earlier and earlier in the process, by fewer and fewer voters, who pick from only a few candidates - the ones who have not already eliminated themselves from serious contention by their weak performances in the pre-primary phase.
Peter Singer, Practical Ethics|No matter how many toys we amass we leave them behind when we die, just as we leave a broken environment, an economy that only benefits the richest, and a legacy of empowering greed over goodness. It is now time to commit to following a new path.
Jennifer Armintrout|G.I. Joe has a heart and an attitude that feels right and familiar to me, so they could have ray guns, and they'd still feel more like real troops than many other franchises.
Neil Pasricha, The Book of Awesome|He stood there, his eyes like they had been before. Their beauty stabbed at her heart like a great knife; the hair looked so like she had just pressed the wet comb to it and perhaps put a little pomade on the sides; and the small face was clean and sad. Yet her arms somehow did not ache to hold him like her heart told her they should. Something too far away and too strong was between her and him; she only saw him as she had always seen resurrection pictures, hidden from us as in a wonderful mist that will not let us see our love complete.
Napoleon Hill|In my dreams I hear again the crash of guns, the rattle of musketry, the strange, mournful mutter of the battlefield.
Emmuska Orczy, The Scarlet Pimpernel|She looks very virtuous and very melancholy.""Virtue is like the precious odors, most fragrant when it is crushed.
Mehmet Murat ildan|These were the rains that drove people close to the walls, under the balconies, or sent them dashing madly through the squares, and drenched the fluttering ribbons and bright trappings of the horses so that their flanks were streaked with delicate watercolors. The storms washed the streets so that little streams of brown water went roaring along the gutters toward the sea, and thundered on the roofs of the cafés where people were crowded together laughing in the steam and half darkness. I loved those rains; they were of the sort that is welcomed by everyone, preceded by hot, oppressive hours of stillness; they came the way storms come in the islands but did not last as long, and often the sun came out when they had passed. I was happy whenever the rain caught me walking about in the streets, for then I would rush into the nearest café, along with all the others who were escaping from the weather, all of us crushing laughing through the doors. The rain allowed me to go anywhere, to form quick, casual friendships, forced to share one of the overcrowded tables, among the beaming waiters who pushed good-naturedly through the throngs carrying cups of steaming apple cider.
Graham Joyce, Some Kind of Fairy Tale|When your job is what defines you, when that is the be-all and end-all of your existence, what does a fake smile and a sallow look matter. You have to save your job to keep body and soul together, don't you?
Virginia Woolf|The work of an advertising agency is warmly and immediately human. It deals with human needs, wants, dreams and hopes. Its 'product' cannot be turned out on an assembly line.
Jesikah Sundin, Elements|When you forget who you are and whose you are, you start to compromise.
Moosa Rahat|Fuck all your feelings cause business is business, it's strictly financial.
Thea Harrison, Peanut Goes to School|I will claim her, and I will protect her, and any who become her enemy? I will destroy.
George E. Sargent, The Story Of Charles Ogilvie|My personal philosophy is that, as a parent, it is my job to find that balance of when my child is ready to try something on her own and when she needs help.
Mark  Lawrence, Prince of Fools|And that’s how it is in this world, boy. Start a tale, just a little tale that should fade and die—take your eye off it for just a moment and when you turn back it’s grown big enough to grab you up in its teeth and shake you. That’s how it is. All our lives are tales. Some spread, and grow in the telling. Others are just told between us and the gods, muttered back and forth behind our days, but those tales grow too and shake us just as fierce.
John C. Reilly|We have known Hillary Clinton both professionally and personally for close to 20 years, dating back to before President Bill Clinton's first trip to Africa in 1998 - a trip that they both acknowledge changed their lives and gave considerable meaning to their post-White House years and to the activities of the Clinton Foundation.
Corey Ann Haydu, The Careful Undressing of Love|Death always feels far away from life, until it isn’t.
Embee, Tess Embers|By wearing cosmetics a woman seeks to look younger or more beautiful than she otherwise would. Honesty doesn't require that she issue a continuous disclaimer: "I see you are looking at my face. Please be aware that I don't look this good first thing in the morning. 
Maija Haavisto, The Atlas Moth|Most people are so mind-bogglingly aggravating that it's impossible to overreact to them, even if that means killing yourself.
Diana Gabaldon, Outlander|I had not slept with many men other than my husband, but I noticed before that to sleep, actually sleep with someone did give this sense of intimacy, as though your dreams had flowed out of you to mingle with his and fold you both in a blanket of unconsciousness knowing. A throwback of some kind, I thought. In older, more primitive times, it was an act of trust to sleep in the presence of another person. If the trust was mutual, simple sleep could bring you closer together than joining the bodies.
Lord Byron|A God without dominion, providence, and final causes, is nothing else but fate and nature.
M-E Girard, Girl Mans Up|It's okay to feel bad about how things went down, but it's not okay to drown in guilt and regret every day for having made decisions other people don't agree with. At some point, we all have to man up and decide to do what we have to do, despite the people around us who try to get in the way.
Dietrich Bonhoeffer, The Cost of Discipleship|Through the medium of prayer we go to our enemy, stand by his side, and plead for him to God.
C.S. Woolley|It's 1am, I have fiction to write!
Victoria Schwab, This Savage Song|Don’t tell me you’re afraid of heights,” she said, shimmying along the edge.“Not heights,” he murmured. “Just falling.
Dave Barry, Dave Barry Slept Here: A Sort of History of the United States|In the words of a very famous dead person, 'A nation that does not know its history is doomed to do poorly on the Scholastic Aptitude Test.
Frederick Douglass|What, to the American slave, is your Fourth of July?I answer: a day that reveals to him, more than all other days in the year, the gross injustice and cruelty to which he is the constant victim. To him, your celebration is a sham; your boasted liberty, an unholy license; your national greatness, swelling vanity; your sounds of rejoicing are empty and heartless; your denunciation of tyrants, brass-fronted impudence; your shouts of liberty and equality, hollow mockery; your prayers and hymns, your sermons and thanksgivings, with all your religious parade and solemnity, mere bombast, fraud, deception, impiety, and hypocrisy-a thin veil to cover up crimes which would disgrace a nation of savages.
Frankie Bow, The Musubi Murder|Digital organization is essentially a dynamic, people-centered ecosystem.
|Before every great reward, comes the footprints of persistency, consistency, perseverance, courage, faith and patience.
Bram Stoker, Dracula|Even if she be not harmed, her heart may fail her in so much and so many horrors; and hereafter she may suffer--both in waking, from her nerves, and in sleep, from her dreams.
Claudia Turner, Notes on a Hospitalized Pregnant Woman|If my body is a Universe, I have a black hole. I mask it, but it sits at the center of my body. I question it. Am I living up to my potential? Would I lose my creativity if I got help? Isn't life a black hole?
Irin Carmon, Notorious RBG: The Life and Times of Ruth Bader Ginsburg|This was his first trip on the Ossifar Distana, his first real splash in life. Look what it got him. Mister Smiff liked anonymity. He kept a low profile, often traveling under assumed names, claiming to be anything from a banker to a (very) successful life insurance salesman. Heâ€™d never broken the law, at least not irreparably. He was quite generous, well liked, sponsoring many charities anonymously â€“ which is why it was so surprising to find him floating face down in the private spa in his apartment, murdered. He had been murdered, unless it was a freak shaving accident. Those old razors werenâ€™t called cut-throats for nothing. Yikes.
Charmaine J. Forde|Vell, Zaphod’s just zis guy, you know?
Miguel de Cervantes|I don't know if I realized that I was funny, but I realized how healing and important humor was in my childhood.
Fidel Castro, My Life: A Spoken Autobiography|Ignorance is the root of many ills. Knowledge must be the fundamental ally of nations that aspire, despite all their tragedies and problems, to become truly emancipated, to build a better world.
Sarah Michelle Lynch, Tainted Lovers|What if I told you I know the risks, and I'm willing to take my chances?""It wouldn't change a thing. Those walls, as you call them. . . They're apart of me now, and they are iron strong." He lifted a hand to her face, skimming his thumb over her lower lip. "Even if I wished to, I wouldn't know how to dismantle them.""I know," she said quietly. "I know." She wreathed her arms around his neck. "That's why you need me. I'm going to burn them to the ground.
J. Sheridan Le Fanu, Uncle Silas|Have not women preferred hatred to indifference, and the reputation of witchcraft, with all its penalties, to absolute insignificance?
Jeff VanderMeer, Secret Life|Gerard turned away and ignored the cruelty of the meerkats, tore it from his mind. Lucretia needed a heart.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Your dreams can change the environment which was not conducive for it at first! However it is a good initiative for the dreams that would change one society to be nursed in another environment, before being transplanted to strive in its original environment for the change process to begin!
Arthur Capper|To me education is a leading out of what is already there in the pupil's soul. To Miss Mackay it is a putting in of something that is not there, and that is not what I call education. I call it intrusion.
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Wonderful|Totally isolated from our own culture for long periods, we became vulnerable to forgotten times and tribes re-awakening within us. Our journeys, we found, were to take us simultaneously to some of the least-charted regions of the planet and to the least-charted regions of our own minds. What began for us as the effort to capture a purely objective record of what we saw gradually dissolved into a quest, an odyssey of self-discovery which actually took place amongst the last of the lands of real living kings and queens, dragons and pirates, cannibals and headhunters, mystics and magicians.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|I think of writing now as a long, tiring, pleasant seduction. The stories that you tell, the words that you use and refine, the characters you try to give life to are merely tools with which you circle around the elusive, unnamed, shapeless thing that belongs to you alone, and which nevertheless is a sort of key to all the doors, the real reason that you spend so much of your life sitting at a table tapping away, filling pages.
Sunday Adelaja|If there is something in you that is constantly pulling you back, then know that this might possess a power that inhibits you
Israelmore Ayivor|There is an easy way to silence your critics; just try to do what they say you can't do. If they are still not content, do more of it! Keep doing it until you become a master. Then look around, and you will see fewer critics and many compliments!
Lewis Carroll, Through the Looking Glass|On my fifth trip to France I limited myself to the words and phrases that people actually use. From the dog owners I learned "Lie down," "Shut up," and "Who shit on this carpet?" The couple across the road taught me to ask questions correctly, and the grocer taught me to count. Things began to come together, and I went from speaking like an evil baby to speaking like a hillbilly. "Is thems the thoughts of cows?" I'd ask the butcher, pointing to the calves' brains displayed in the front window. "I want me some lamb chop with handles on 'em.
Svetlana Chmakova, Brave|When we write with power and authenticity, it opens the door to our hearts and invites others in. When we're brave, we make others brave. Brave is good.
Timothy Wu|War yet shall be, but warriors are now operatives; war's made less grand than peace.
Meg Rosoff|I always have traveled with a camera throughout my life, but I always had my old 35mm film camera. When I was training to go into space, the only equipment there was a digital camera. I went through a fast-track class on Earth. It actually was fun, though I'm basically a dinosaur with computers.
Neil Gaiman, Anansi Boys|It was not that he was feckless, more that he had simply not been around the day they handed out feck.
Anthony J. D'Angelo|I look back on my life like a good day's work, it was done and I am satisfied with it.
Matshona Dhliwayo|Anger has strength, hate has might, but love has power.
James Mark Baldwin|You look at any culture, and prohibition has invariably been an unmitigated failure. It is just idiotic to criminalise any substance, I think.
Seneca, Letters from a Stoic|The world goes this way and that. Ideas are in fashion or not, and those who should prevail are often defeated. But it doesn’t matter. The virtues remain uncorrupted and uncorruptible. They are rewards in themselves, the bulwarks with which we can protect our vision of beauty, and the strengths by which we may stand, unperturbed, in the storm that comes when seeking God.
Sahara Sanders|The closest to my heart is not just one book - it’s the whole series of novels, Indigo Diaries. The first volume, “Gods’ Food,” is already available in English.
Winston S. Churchill, Never Give In!: The Best of Winston Churchill's Speeches|We are all worms, But I do believe that I am a glow worm.
Paul Baxter, The Day our Gravity Reversed|Doesn’t he look just like a ring wraith?” she said thoughtfully. “Are you kidding?” replied Cathy, “I most certainly won't be carol singing at your door this Christmas if you've got one of those ugly things hanging on it!” “No, from Lord of the Rings,” said Sue impatiently. “I'm sorry,” snorted Cathy, “I don't watch pornographic material." “Have you never read a book?!” Sue snapped. “It's about a small man who travels through dangerous lands to drop a ring into a volcano, it's a classic.” “Does sound like a small man,” she replied, “can't even face his marriage problems full on.
Lindsay Chamberlin, The Shoreline|You are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen, so it would be my honor to take you out. I understand if you have someone else in mind for such occasions, but I promise you, I would merely like a chance to get to know you, maybe make a friend.
Kristian Goldmund Aumann|Quiet Days, they look at you, and you will become one with the holy river - nature forms a symbiotic relationship - absolute infinity, truly found, in harmonious caressing arms.
K.M. Shea|Patients, beings who want to be rehabilitated, send me questions See? I answer them real fast, 1 2 3 done Like so You get?' Toby said, his pale green fingers clattering across the keyboard. 'I think so,' I said, shifting in my chair.'Okay hear we go First question: I just moved to a new city and there's a school next door All the kids, every last student, wear the same clothes Are they all related Is this one of those mafia families I need to be careful around You know the answer? Toby asked, swiveling to face me.'Perhaps,' I said after thinking a moment. It took a second to distinguish when the question ended and when Toby's remarks started. 'You sure, I can check real quick 1 2 3 I check that fast,' Toby said, his words zooming out of his mouth while Google search engine popped up on his computer screen.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Love should not cause suffocation and death if it is truly love. Don't bundle someone into an uncomfortable cage just because you want to ensure their safety in your life. The bird knows where it belongs, and will never fly to a wrong nest.
Joshua Oppenheimer|When I'm sitting at the desk not being able to write line one, it's silence and despair! It's not so easy to put the pen to the legal pad or type the first sentence on the computer screen.
Markus Zusak, The Book Thief|When finally she finished and stood herself up, he put his arm around her, best-buddy style, and they walked on. There was no request for a kiss. Nothing like that. You can love Rudy for that, if you like.
Charlize Theron|I grew up in the Bronx where you would stay up late with your girlfriends, just being silly in our bedrooms, whatever. And I was always the clown.
Sarah J. Maas, Heir of Fire|It is not always possible to do away with negative thinking, but with persistence and practice, one can gain mastery over them so that they do not take the upper hand.
Tamra Davis|I didn't know my mother had it. I think a lot of women don't know their mothers had it; that's the sad thing about depression. You know, you don't function anymore. You shut down. You feel like you are in a void.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Hope, strive and try to be more like Christ until the day we will see Him. Let Him find you faithfully and in obedient serving Him. He is coming quicker than people think.
Mariella Frostrup|Medicare is a monopoly: a central-planning bureaucracy grafted onto American health care. It exercises a stranglehold on the health care of all Americans over 65, and on the medical practices of almost all physicians. Medicare decides what is legitimate and what is not: which prices may be charged and which services may be rendered.
Epictetus, Of Human Freedom|I cannot call somebody ‘hard-working’ knowing only that they read and write. Even if ‘all night long’ is added, I cannot say it – not until I know the focus of all this energy.
J.G. Ballard, The Atrocity Exhibition|She had originally agreed to appear naked, but on seeing the cars informed me that she would only appear topless—an interesting logic was at work there.
Naomi Wolf|Most urgently, women's identity must be premised upon our "beauty" so that we will remain vulnerable to outside approval, carrying the vital sensitive organ of self-esteem exposed to the air.
DeAngelo Williams|As we all know, there is no harder or more rewarding job than being a mom.
Dada Bhagwan|Your anger, pride, deceit, and greed should be such that they hurt no one. If they are limited to where they only hurt only you and no one else, then the path of liberation is open.
Lisa Kleypas, Mine Till Midnight|Cam held her closer. "Marry me, Amelia. You're what I want. You're my fate." One hand slid to the back of her head, gripping the braids and ribbons to keep her mouth upturned. "Say yes." He nibbled at her lips, licked at them, opened them. He kissed her until she writhed in his arms, her pulse racing. "Say it, Amelia, and save me from ever having to spend a night with another woman. I'll sleep indoors. I'll get a haircut. God help me, I think I'd even carry a pocket watch if it pleased you.
Tariq Ramadan|As an immigrant, I appreciate, far more than the average American, the liberties we have in this country. Silence is a big enemy of morality. I don't want our blunders in history to get repeated.
Jesse Eisenberg|I am just a beginner. The two films so far are baby steps. If I develop an attitude, I'll be finished even before I've started. Besides, if I started misbehaving, my folks would give me a tight slap.
Drew Barrymore|You can never, never have too many books
Leslea Tash, Bird After Bird|My heart starts to pound as he gets closer and closer to the stands, never taking his eyes off me.
E.M. Forster, A Room with a View|She gave up trying to understand herself, and the vast armies of the benighted, who follow neither the heart nor the brain, and march to their destiny by catch-words. The armies are full of pleasant and pious folk. But they have yielded to the only enemy that matters — the enemy within. They have sinned against passion and truth, and vain will be their strife after virtue. As the years pass, they are censured. Their pleasantry and their piety show cracks, their wit becomes cynicism, their unselfishness hypocrisy; they feel and produce discomfort wherever they go.
Mary-Jean Harris, Wrestling with Gods|Ah, Toulouse, you have travelled too much. You know the gods of a hundred lands, those of the trees and mountains, the sky and sea, the stars and planets, of demons and angels, and even the Master of the Cosmos. But I am speaking of God. There are others, I’m sure, but only one God who created even great Zeus and Rama. Yet travel is like philosophy: a few years of it will perk the eye to differences, which you shall be able to notice with ease. Yet living as I have, travelling to lonely lands and through a thousand metropolises and hidden woods, you rather see the similarities. All becomes one, and God too becomes one. Not the sum of all those gods here, but beyond them, a being few philosophers have truly grasped. He has always been one, but he is severed in our minds. So it is up to us to piece him back together. If our souls possess a clarity beyond what our mortal nature can bestow, we shall see him.
Christa Tomlinson, Bad Boys Need Love Too|You said you’re certain the person the two of you ran off this property is a woman?” Both Keston and Jaden nodded. “What makes the two of you so certain of your observation? It is considerably dark in here as well as outdoors. Did anyone get a close up of ‘her’ before she began running?” Norman asked. Keston and Jaden looked at each other. Each brother soon realized this report that’s underway comes with more complexities than what they were originally expecting for this time of night. The detectives conduct this type of questioning from sun up to sundown.  “Although she was dressed in all black, her attire was close fitting, covering her arms to both wrists,” Keston shared with the officers and Cantor. “So, she wore a cat suit but without the tail?” Mike couldn’t help but to make light of what is being shared. Boys will be boys. A small amount of delight had shown in their eyes before they each gathered their composure to again devote their attention to the police report.
Melanie M. Grace|If you truly live, you will never truly die!
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|A plaited link exists between every person and his or her ancestors, not simply through genealogical records, but in the same manner that the soul of a child, from which we sprang from, traces a direct connection to the matured soul of the adult.
Nassim Nicholas Taleb, The Black Swan: The Impact of the Highly Improbable|Susan Margaret Collins was born on December 7, 1952 in Caribou, Maine and is presently the senior United States Senator from Maine. Senator Collins has served in the Senate since 1997 and chaired the Senate Committee on Homeland Security from 2003 to 2007. She now is the Chairwoman of the Senate Special Committee on Aging. Collins is a graduate of St. Lawrence University, a liberal arts college, in Canton, New York. Considered a moderate Republican, she became the only Republican in the U.S. Senate currently representing a state in New England. Her vote was one of three republican votes in the Senate that helped to defeat a bill designed to destroy the Affordable Health Care Program presently in effect. John McCain's heroic stand only mattered because Susan Collins and Lisa Murkowski bravely stood by him! It was their courage that saved health care for approximately 22 million people.
Abraham Lincoln|Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.
S.A. Tawks, Mule|Looking back really does make you wonder, but the truth is it doesn't change a thing.
Stephanie Danler|Girls, now, they wear leggings. As pants. It's embarrassing. Just parading their coochies around town.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|There should no be teams to divide a nation. There should be no such thing as "Them' vs. Us' - only 'WE'. The only interests that should be discussed in Washington are those that serve the best interests of the entire country. So why is there a blue team and a red one? What does it really mean to be conservative or liberal? And if you are conservative, does that mean you will blindly agree with every leader and issue brought forth by your team? And does it mean you only serve and support the upper class even if you are low class? How does that work in your favor exactly? I understand why professionals raking in heavy figures a year would hail the Republican slant for tax reasons, but why would a young unemployed kid from Jersey with an interest in acrobatics give a damn?
Bob Ong, Macarthur|Mga bata pa kayo. Pag pinaniwalaan namin kayong hindi kayo naglaro ng tubig kahit na basang-basa ang mga damit ninyo, kayo ang niloloko namin. Hindi kayo ang nakakapanloko.
C. JoyBell C.|Before yoga, my life was filled with regret about choices I'd made in the past, and fears about choices I'd make in the future. Yoga teaches us how to be present in the present. Once you learn how to live in the now, you realize that the past is a memory and the future doesn't exist. Yoga will help anyone facing anxiety issues, separation and attachment issues (moms, I'm talking to you here!), or serious illnesses such as cancer and depression. It's a practice that slims your body while expanding your heart.
Michelle Harrison, One Wish|...here on Coney Island, we learn to take each other as we are.
Renee Ruin, Wounds: Volume 1|Sam, can you, you know, like burn that concrete off her hands?”“No. I can’t aim that precisely.”“I don’t even know what can be done,” Edilio said as he fed the girl another microscopic bite of food. “You try and break that stuff off with a sledge hammer or something, or even a hammer and a chisel, it’s going to really hurt. Probably break every bone in her hands, man.”“Who would have done this to her?” Lana wondered.“That’s a Coates Academy uniform,” Astrid answered. “We’re probably not far from there.
George Carlin|I went to a bookstore and asked the saleswoman, 'Where's the self-help section?' She said if she told me, it would defeat the purpose.
Klaus Joehle|Time? Time freezesas they gazeinto each other's eyes.No beginning, no end,in sight, a deep vast ocean,a universe is reflected.Like a key to a lock,they are.All the days that have been,all the days to come;they stand in a placebeyondand within it all.
Miyuki Miyabe, Brave Story|As long as there is happiness, there will be sadness. As long as there is fortune, there will be misfortune.“…What’s real is something that not even the strength of the Goddess can change. The only one who can change it is me. If I don’t change my destiny, if I don’t cut through the obstacles in my path, then no matter where I go, I’ll always be standing in the same place, doing the same thing over and over again, for the rest of my life.
Lauren Wolk|If my life was to be just a single note in an endless symphony, how could I not sound it out for as long and as loudly as I could?
Kalon Jackson|Many people will try to Sell you a Dream, its Your place to let them know you Already have one!
Melia Keeton-Digby, The Heroines Club: A Mother-Daughter Empowerment Circle|Like seeds planted in the depths of our souls, our dreams are at the center of who we really are. Our mission and our right is to nurture them and to allow them to grow. To follow your dreams takes courage, action, persistence, time and patience, but most of all, you must first believe in them. Believing in your dreams means that you trust your aspirations exist for a reason and the reason is your calling. Believing in your dreams means that you hold true that everything is possible and you can manifest the life and experiences you desire. We know that dreaming is a form of planning. We know that everything we enjoy and appreciate around us – every advancement and contribution to society – developed from the commitment, perseverance, and belief in our dreams.
Li-Young Lee, The City in Which I Love You|Moonlight and high wind.Dark poplars toss, insinuate the sea.
William Ralph Inge|If you want to go east, don't go west.
Laura Bates, Everyday Sexism|This is a battle that we will win. Because women are wittier, brighter, stronger and braver than a misogynistic and patriarchal world has given us credit for.
Laura Esquivel, Malinche|...a woman, silent, voiceless, a mere woman who didn't bear on her shoulders the enormous responsibility of building the conquest with her words. A woman, who, contrary to what would be expected, felt relief in reclaiming her condition of submission, for it was a much more familiar sensation to be an object at the service of men than to be a creator of destiny
Charles Dickens, Bleak House|It is but a glimpse of the world of fashion that we want on this same miry afternoon.… There is much good in it; there are many good and true people in it; it has its appointed place. But the evil of it is that it is a world wrapped up in too much jeweller’s cotton and fine wool, and cannot hear the rushing of the larger worlds, and cannot see them as they circle round the sun.
Richard N. Bolles, What Color Is Your Parachute? 2012: A Practical Manual for Job-Hunters and Career-Changers|Not curiosity, not vanity, not the consideration of expediency, not duty and conscientiousness, but an unquenchable, unhappy thirst that brooks no compromise leads us to truth.
Natsuki Takaya, Fruits Basket, Vol. 14|Anyone who knows how scary it is to be alone, can't help loving others." ~Rin Sohma
Marco Tempest|Art is a deception that creates real emotions - a lie that creates a truth. And when you give yourself over to that deception, it becomes magic.
Thomas Nagel, The View from Nowhere|When a traveler from the future must talk, he does not talk but whimpers. He whispers tortured sounds. He is agonized. For if he makes the slightest alteration in anything, he may destroy the future. At the same time, he is forced to witness events without being part of them, without changing them. He envies the people who live in their own time, who can act at will, oblivious of the future, ignorant of the effects of their actions. But he cannot act. He is an inert gas, a ghost, a sheet without soul. He has lost his personhood. He is an exile of time.
