Mark Shand|The state of New Jersey is really two places - terrible cities and wonderful suburbs. I live in the suburbs, the final battleground of the American dream, where people get married and have kids and try to scratch out a happy life for themselves. It's very romantic in that way, but a bit naive. I like to play with that in my work.
Lionel Suggs|You can truly value life, when you have looked Death in the eyes and held its hand.
Iain Banks|I mean you might say he had a travelling post office, but also Barney was very, very active. He was a legal officer for the NAACP and they had a lot of problems after Pease.
Maggie Stiefvater|Teachers thought I was stupid, parents believed I was retarded, lecturers assumed I took drugs but I was a writer.
Jim Butcher, Furies of Calderon|The course of history is determined not by battles, by sieges, or usurpation, but by the individuals. The strongest army is, at its most basic level, a collection of individuals. Their decisions, their passions, their foolishness, and their dreams shape the years to come. If there is any lesson to be learned from history, it is that all too often the fate of armies, of cities, of entire realms rests upon the actions of one person's decision, good or bad, right or wrong, big or small, can unwittingly change the world.But history can be quite the slattern. One never knows who that person is, where he might be, or what decision he might male.It is almost enough to make me believe in destiny.
Bojan Veljanov|A man's body is like a circus. You can swing off his trapeze arms, lay your head on thighs like fresh-blown balloons while his cock performs tricks, soft to hard, a burst like a cannon if you treat him right.
Penny Watson, Apples Should Be Red|He glared down at her. “Yes. But you must not cry. I won’t get you any dresses if you cry.”“I don’t normally cry.”“You will never do it.”“Well, I’m afraid I may sometimes,” she said apologetically. “Women need to cry.”Lines formed between his brows. “How many times in a year?”“Maybe five or six,” she said, thinking about it. “But really, it’s usually a very small cry and not in front of anyoneAt that, his scowl grew even darker. “I will permit you to cry four times a year. And you will do it when I am here.
F. Scott Fitzgerald, The Beautiful and Damned|The soft rush of taxis by him, and laughter, laughters hoarse as a crow's, incessant and loud, with the rumble of the subways underneath - and over all, the revolutions of light, the growings and recedings of light - light dividing like pearls - forming and reforming in glittering bars and circles and monstrous grotesque figures cut amazingly on the sky.
Temi 'T Quest' Sholeye|If you can place black where it suppose to be, you will see white and white is light.
Glennon Doyle Melton, Carry On, Warrior: Thoughts on Life Unarmed|Realizing the emptiness of a "spirituality" -- and of a "spiritual" nurture -- that remains in the clouds need not bring us or our children to a dead end. It is a turning point. Now we can begin to deepen our awareness of the genuine spirituality of life's humblest moments.
Jessica  Taylor, A Map for Wrecked Girls|And I know, by Noah's face, that even though he knew it, he didn't believe it, even though we all knew it, we were all holding on, somehow, hoping they'd keep trying, that they could just keep on living and fighting. We trusted them to do that.
Julie Kagawa, The Immortal Rules|We felt so small with the city lights stretching forever below us, and we yelled at the top of our lungs because we were just these small humans but we felt more longing than could ever fit inside us.
John Hume|In '42,' it's like the '40s where racial equality had come into the consciousness of a lot of people, whereas in the 1900s it was sort of a new thing.
Tullian Tchividjian|Romantic music really stirs my soul. And, of course, I love Chinese music; it makes me feel closer to home.
C. JoyBell C.|In the space of his years, my body had taken its full shape and my heart had grown in wisdom, for I understood what it was to be a mother.
Frank O'Hara|When I die, don't come, I wouldn't want a leafto turn away from the sun -- it loves it there.There's nothing so spiritual about being happybut you can't miss a day of it, because it doesn't last.
April Young Fritz|Sweetie, if love could take away sadness, I'd be the happiest woman on earth. Sometimes the sadness is so deep, we have to sift through all the layers before we can find it and send it packing. That's what I'm trying to do in this place. Find my sadness.
Elyne Mitchell, Son of the Whirlwind|the oncoming night was filled with the mystery of unknown places and of distance, of things that happened long ago and happenings yet to com
James Broughton|Nonetheless, Article 5 makes clear that if an Iraqi civilian who is not a member of the armed forces, has engaged in attacks on Coalition forces, the Geneva Convention permits the use of more coercive interrogation approaches to prevent future attacks.
Conor McGregor|Of course, I think that people are just waiting for that time when I make a mistake and they're gonna jump on it.... There's gonna be haters.
J.R. Rim, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|To see in the dark, close your eyes.
Roxanna Groceman-Borthick-Stockwell 1971|Never be afraid to ask. The worst you'll get is 'No', but maybe you'll get a 'Yes'.
Colleen Hoover, Maybe Someday|.......Is there any reward for good, other than good.
Terry Pratchett, Jingo|Give a man a fire and he's warm for a day, but set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life.
Neale Donald Walsch, Conversations With God: An Uncommon Dialogue, Book 2|Be a light unto the world, and hurt it not. Seek to build not destroy. Bring My people home. How? By your shining example. Seek only Godliness. Speak only in truthfulness. Act only in love. Live the Law of Love now and forever more. Give everything require nothing. Avoid the mundane. Do not accept the unacceptable. Teach all who seek to learn of Me. Make every moment of your life an outpouring of love. Use every moment to think the highest thought, say the highest word, do the highest deed. In this, glorify your Holy Self, and thus too, glorify Me. Bring peace to the Earth by bringing peace to all those whose lives you touch. Be peace. Feel and express in every moment your Divine Connection with the All, and with every person, place, and thing. Embrace every circumstance, own every fault, share every joy, contemplate every mystery, walk in every man’s shoes, forgive every offense (including your own), heal every heart, honor every person’s truth, adore every person’s God, protect every person’s rights, preserve every person’s dignity, promote every person’s interests, provide every person’s needs, presume every person’s holiness, present every person’s greatest gifts, produce every person’s blessing, pronounce every person’s future secure in the assured love of God. Be a living, breathing example of the Highest Truth that resides within you. Speak humbly of yourself, lest someone mistake your Highest Truth for boast. Speak softly, lest someone think you are merely calling for attention. Speak gently, that all might know of Love. Speak openly, lest someone think you have something to hide. Speak candidly, so you cannot be mistaken. Speak often, so that your word may truly go forth. Speak respectfully, that no one be dishonored. Speak lovingly, that every syllable may heal. Speak of Me with every utterance. Make of your life a gift. Remember always, you are the gift! Be a gift to everyone who enters your life, and to everyone whose life you enter. Be careful not to enter another’s life if you cannot be a gift. (You can always be a gift, because you always are the gift—yet sometimes you don’t let yourself know that.) When someone enters your life unexpectedly, look for the gift that person has come to receive from you…I HAVE SENT YOU NOTHING BUT ANGELS.
Constantin Brancusi|My brain is already scrambled enough.”“Cracked,” I said, not thinking.“Yeah.” Moses scowled.“Well, it’s working for you.” I turned and looked at my walls. “Cracks and all. In fact, if your brain wasn’t cracked, none of the brilliance could spill out. Do you realize that?
Carrie Newcomer, A Permeable Life: Poems & Essays|Life wasn't about becoming, was it? It was about being.
Thomas F. Shubnell|When wealth flees, untrue friends follow.
Ron Baratono, The Writings of Ron Baratono|There will always be a part of your life that’s not quite in order. This is the growth part, the area where lessons come from. Embrace this! Learn from it, and then move on.
Paige Butcher|Exercise your creative muscles all the time, either through classes or through other artistic avenues like painting or dancing or even gardening, staying active and being creative so that when opportunities do come up, you are in a position to take advantage of them.
William Stringfellow|Biblical spirituality means powerlessness, living without embellishment or pretense, free to be faithful in the gospel, and free from anxiety about effectiveness or similar illusions of success.
Kyle  Richardson, Love Hurts: A Speculative Fiction Anthology|Love hurts. Love is fragile. Love comes like a breath of magic, then departs leaving us feeling empty, alone, a paper cup blowing on the wind.
Leo Tolstoy|And once he had seen this, he could never again see it otherwise, just as we cannot reconstruct an illusion once it has been explained.
Harry Styles|If you believe in something, then you shouldn’t give up on it.
Nadège Richards, 5 Miles|There's a story here.A catastrophic silence where our thoughts and feelings collide ...Where your sweetness overrides my senses and our bodies move to the same tune.The same song.The same melody.The same stroke.The same rhythm.It's our story, Trinity, and it's just begging to be told.
– Dr Jordan B Peterson,|Consciousness is a mystery that faces the mystery of potential and transforms it into actuality. We do that with every choice we make. Our choices determine the destiny of the world. By making a choice, you alter the structure of reality.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Without the Holy Bible, how can we believe in God?
Robyn Schneider, The Beginning of Everything|I wondered what things what things became when you no longer needed them, and I wondered what the future would hold once we'd gotten past our personal tragedies and proven them ultimately survivable.
Richie Norton, The Power of Starting Something Stupid: How to Crush Fear, Make Dreams Happen, and Live without Regret|Where you've been or haven't been does not make you who you are." -Faolan
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|I take literally the statement in the Gospel of John that God loves the world. I believe that the world was created and approved by love, that it subsists, coheres, and endures by love, and that, insofar as it is redeemable, it can be redeemed only by love. I believe that divine love, incarnate and indwelling in the world, summons the world always toward wholeness, which ultimately is reconciliation and atonement with God.
J.X. Burros|Though the man-apes often fought and wrestled one another, their disputes very seldom resulted in serious injuries. Having no claws or fighting canine teeth, and being well protected by hair, they could not inflict much harm on one another. In any event, they had little surplus energy for such unproductive behavior; snarling and threatening was a much more efficient way of asserting their points of view.
Marissa Meyer, Cress|My life is an adventure." she said, growing confident as she opened her eyes again. "I will not be shackled to this satellite anymore.
Jenni Schaefer, Goodbye Ed, Hello Me: Recover from Your Eating Disorder and Fall in Love with Life|During the worst stages of my eating disorder, I was all-or-none with food—either bingeing or not eating. Much of my experience was, in fact, that if I ate anything, I would eat everything. I began to understand that this happened because I was starving myself. In starvation mode, my body literally thought I was facing a famine. It didn’t know that I was living near a grocery store and several fast-food restaurants. Thinking I was facing a real food shortage, its primal instinct was to binge on large amounts of food, conserving fat in preparation for the hard times ahead.
Martin Luther|Encourage means to put courage into, and discourage is to take courage away. Don't be a courage thief.
Thomas Watson|I recall the story of the philosopher and the theologian... The two were engaged in disputation and the theologian used the old quip about a philosopher resembling a blind man, in a dark room, looking for a black cat — which wasn't there. ‘That may be,’ said the philosopher, ‘but a theologian would have found it.
Rafael Moneo|I do have moments when I feel insecure. I do have moments when I feel jealous, and that's normal. It's a very normal emotion. It's your action and your attitude and your reaction to that that is important.
Mark Twain|It takes your enemy and your friend, working together, to hurt you to the heart: the one to slander you and the other to get the news to you.
Debasish Mridha|You don't need to hold them, Just let them choose if they want to stay or be free.You're not a rope,You're a magnet.
Tadashi Yanai|I think that when you're queer, you grow up with these kinds of men who might have made you feel small because of who you are. They could be part of your family, or somebody on the street, or a teacher.
Morrie Schwartz|For me, living means I can be responsive to the other person. It means I can show my emotions and my feelings. Talk to them. Feel with them …
Kim Stanley Robinson, Red Mars|They lived like monkeys still, while their new god powers lay around them in the weeds.
Ethel Merman|Fortunately, the DC Universe is full enough and replete enough with every kind of character that you could want, that it's not that hard to find the right character. Sometimes it's nothing more than an Easter egg, or a name drop, and sometimes it's someone like 'Deathstroke,' who is a huge part of the DC Universe.
Rick Riordan, Percy Jackson's Greek Heroes|Something primal was awake within her, a violent will to live as old as the universe itself.
Cat Clarke, Torn|This is the real way a friendship ends. Not with some huge screaming row, but with a gradual withdrawal. You’d think it would be less painful this way.
Justin Cronin, The Passage|In her mind's eye she saw it, saw it all at last: the rolling armies and the flames of battle; the graves and pits and dying cries of a hundred million souls; the spreading darkness, like a black wing stretching over the earth; the last, bitter hours of cruelty and sorrow, and the terrible, final flights; death's great dominion over all, and, at the last, empty cities, becalmed by the silence of a hundred years. Already these things were coming to pass.
Charles Lamb|Here, Mortimer Wheeler thought, is power. And a reminder of our mortality.
Nanamoli Thera|She said: “I’m so sick of this joint.”“Why?”“No freedom. I can’t go out. I can’t get drunk or gamble or wear swell clothes…”“They look swell to me.”“Shut up, honey. I’m trying to tell you something. I like to dance. I like good restaurants and night clubs, and movies. Here all I’m supposed to do is think about God. It’s getting me down.”“You don’t like God?”“I can take him or leave him.”I laughed.
Albert Camus, The Rebel: An Essay on Man in Revolt|[…] Everyone tries to make his life a work of art. We want love to last and we know that it does not last; even if, by some miracle, it were to last a whole lifetime, it would still be incomplete. Perhaps, in this insatiable need for perpetuation, we should better understand human suffering, if we knew that it was eternal. It appears that great minds are, sometimes, less horrified by suffering than by the fact that it does not endure. In default of inexhaustible happiness, eternal suffering would at least give us a destiny. But we do not even have that consolation, and our worst agonies come to an end one day. One morning, after many dark nights of despair, an irrepressible longing to live will announce to us the fact that all is finished and that suffering has no more meaning than happiness.
Samuel Armen, Within a Diminishing Caricature|The wind considers how trauma is - in essence - just a memory that violates previous memories too barbarically, an event that devastatingly conflicts against everything else one knows.
Robin Boyd, The Australian Ugliness|The Australian is forcefully loquacious, until the moment of expressing any emotion. He is aggressively committed to equality and equal-opportunity for all men, except for black Australians. He has high assurance in anything he does combined with a gnawing lack of confidence in anything he thinks.
Bill Maher, The New New Rules: A Funny Look At How Everybody But Me Has Their Head Up Their Ass|My side felt a lot better when Nora called me at noon the next day. "My nice policeman wants to see you," she said. "How do you feel?""Terrible. I must've gone to bed sober." I pushed Asta out of the way and got up.
G.K. Chesterton, The Complete Father Brown|...even if all they did was look at each other, it rattled her entire being because there was no thought or person or barrier between them. Not a single one. They were both thoroughly absorbed in every moment they spent together. It was terrifying. Like being swept away by a powerful wind, where your body rendered all its control to another force that could ignite as well as destroy you.
Rick Riordan, Camp Half-Blood Confidential|First thing I'd do is make sure the poor newbie demigods don't have to suffer through the orientation film."All conversation stopped. "What orientation film?" Will Solace asked.Nico looked puzzled. "You know ..." He glanced side to side, clearly uncomfortable with everybody watching him. Finally he cleared his throat and sang in a warbly voice to the tune of "The Hokey Cokey": "It lets the demigods in! It shuts the monsters out! It keeps the half-bloods safe, but turns mortals all about! It's Misty, and it's magic, and it makes me want to shout: the border is all about!" He punctuated the last line of the song with some half-hearted claps.We stared at him in stunned silence."Nico." Will patted his boyfriend's arm. "You're scaring the other campers.""More than usual," Julia Feingold muttered under her b
Anthony T. Hincks|When you remain silent, your voice is the loudest.
Frederick Douglass|For every minute, the future is becoming the past.
Debalina Haldar|And on this night, the last of its kind before we get married to each other at the stroke of 8 tomorrow in the evening, as I walk towards my bed to call the day off, the last puff of wind brought from a fairy-tale land urges me to write this letter as your girlfriend, for one last time.
James  Hampton|If you have a story to tell, put it out there. Get the thing done. No excuses. No procrastinating. No apologies. It will never be as good as you want it to be, so forget about perfection. Just be satisfied that you've done the best work you can do at this stage in your life as an author. Then roll the rocket onto the launch pad and fire it off. After that, write another story. Always keep going. Move fast. Stay one step ahead of the forces of distraction and self-doubt. Love your characters enough to give them a good home. Love your readers enough to give them a place of refuge from life's tragedies, big and small. And love the world you live in enough to make it the world of your dreams.
Steven Seagal|When we get a chance to take part in elections, I am ready to fight for leading positions, including in the presidential vote.
Dick Costolo|People aren't going to talk about it except me and that is communication and the visits I have personally had in our meetings with our store managers saying if you do these things you will be terminated, period.
Karen Joy Fowler, We Are All Completely Beside Ourselves|Language does this to our memories—simplifies, solidifies, codifies, mummifies. An oft-told story is like a photograph in a family album; eventually, it replaces the moment it was meant to capture.
Anthony Marra, A Constellation of Vital Phenomena|And then it happens. Up and down the row, the victors begin to join hands. Some right away, like the morphlings, or Wiress and Beetee. Others unsure but caught up in the demands of those around them, like Brutus and Enobaria. By the time the anthem plays its final strains, all twenty-four of us stand in one unbroken line in what must be the first public show of unity among the districts since the Dark Days. You can see the realization of this as the screens begin to pop into blackness. It's too late, though. In the confusion they didn't cut us off in time. Everyone has seen.
Mensah Oteh|Life never gives you what you want or need just because you have a burning desire for it. Life gives you what you seek, knock, and ask for.
Neil A. Fiore, Awaken Your Strongest Self: Break Free of Stress, Inner Conflict, and Self-Sabotage|Have strength in yourself always .think and remember not just what you should do, but also what you want to do. (Ageha , Basara, Vol. 13)
Sheena Iyengar, The Art of Choosing|Like the swimming rats in Richter’s experiment, we can survive for only so long without solid ground beneath our feet; if the choices aren’t real, sooner or later we will go under. It’s important, therefore, that we examine our assumptions about choice and that we openly discuss how, when and why it falls short.
Michael  Palmer, Thread|His memory is perfectly clearand serves no good, no purposeat all. He has seen things before(the fly in the bottle,the indeterminate will).Santa Muerte, Saint Death,we pray to you to swallow our breath.
Bill Watterson, The Revenge of the Baby-Sat|If I had been armed with a feminist understanding that no girl deserves to be called a slut, perhaps I would have fought back by reporting the harassment to my school's headmistress or another school authority, or at least I might have had the strength to tell of the name-callers on my own. But at the time, all I knew was that if I avoided eye contact, it was a hell of a lot easier to get through my days.
J.R. Ward, Lover Awakened|In short, you had that particular ability which I never had: the ability to be alive.
Colleen Hoover, Finding Cinderella|Here is our rapin' cave. It's not much of a cave... and we haven't done much rapin'... but man, we've had some good times.
Dan Abnett, Doctor Who: The Silent Stars Go By|I spoke of an Army on the point of entering an enemy's territories. Answering the question as to the cause of delay: 'Waiting for supplies.' The answer might also have been: 'Waiting for instructions, 'Waiting for orders.' If the last dispatch had not been received, with the final orders of the commander in chief, the army dared not move. Even so in the Christian life - as deep as the need of waiting for supplies is that of waiting for instructions.
C.N. Faust, Baron of Blood|...our witness, one Edward Littleton, was as gay as Elton John's handbag.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Suppose there was no anger, no profanity, no lying, no grumbling or complaining; suppose there were no dirty stories told, no unjust criticism—what a different world this would be!
Joe Louis|They wish for a general government of unity, as they see that the local legislatures must naturally and necessarily tend to retard the general government.
Frederick Delius|I don't get a sense of American pride. I just get a sense that everyone is here, battling the same thing - that around the world everybody's after the same thing, just some minor piece of happiness each day.
Pamela Clare, Hard Evidence|She had no idea how she was supposed to act, no idea how to feel. Julian had just made incredible love to her, but he wasn't *in love* with her. He'd stamped himself forever on her--body, heart, and soul--but a year from now he probably wouldn't remember who she was. He'd rocked her world, and yet he was only temporarily a part of it. What was a woman supposed to say? "Thanks, stud"?
Denise Fields, Bridal Bargains: Secrets to Throwing a Fantastic Wedding on a Realistic Budget|Newspaper columnist Dave Barry once wrote that the motto of the wedding industry is, 'Money can't buy you happiness, so you might as well give your money to us.
Ron McVan, Way of the Druid|Race doesn't exist.Skin color exists. Hair and eye color are real. Body type varies from individual to individual, as does tooth shape and color, the form of fingernails, and the amount and texture of body hair. But 'race' is a phantom conjured up by people no different from each other than purebred Cocker spaniels are. Race is a lie, and the people who conjure by it, no matter their color or their politics, are liars.
Alin Sav|You can buy likes, but you can´t buy influence.
Núria Añó|Anyone could see that this woman is living a nightmare. Except that she goes through her daily life wide awake, knowing that she could make a mistake at any moment.
Claudia Schiffer|I've learned a tremendous amount over the years by watching designers work. I now have a good understanding of what sits well on the body, not to mention the importance of a great cut and quality.
Ned Hayes, The Eagle Tree|Most of the trees are already dying. All across North America from Mexico to Alaska, forests are dying. Seventy thousand square miles of forest—that's as much land as all of the state of Washington—that much forest has died since I was born. What if I am growing up in a world that will not have trees anymore by the time I am my grandfather's age?
Fakeer Ishavardas|Do your best, then put your feet on the table, and to God leave the rest.
Wendell Berry, The Art of the Commonplace: The Agrarian Essays|They thought that it would be a disgrace to go forth as a group. Each entered the forest at a point that he himself had chosen, where it was darkest and there was no path. If there is a path it is someone else's path and you are not on the adventure.
Look Im A Cat|We All hate our Daily Lives, That why We Fantasise About that one moment When Fantasy Becomes Our Reality, Then We Love Our Lives
Dan Shechtman|My vision is the ability to design clothes for a man who wants to create his own style and doesn't want to dress like he's in uniform, to look like the guy in the ad, or to feel like he has to put it together that way.
William Cowper, Letters of William Cowper|...some people become hypercritical when stressed.Then again, he hadn't been stressed last week. She giggled, remembering how he'd instructed her on the proper way to fold hand towels. Talk about nitpicky. Perhaps this would be a good time to call it quits.
Jung Chang, Wild Swans: Three Daughters of China|They were endowed with the qualities of youth- they were rebellious, fearless, eager to fight for a 'just cause', thirsty for adventure and action. They were also irresponsible, ignorant, and easy to manipulate- and prone to violence. Only they could give Mao the immense force that he needed to terrorize the society.
William Barrett, Irrational Man: A Study in Existential Philosophy|Superfluity was the only relationship I could establish between these trees, these hedges, these paths. Vainly I strove to compute the number of the chestnut trees, or their distance from the Velleda, or their height as compared with that of the plane trees; each of them escaped from the pattern I made for it, overflowed from it or withdrew. And I too among them, vile, languorous, obscene, chewing the cud of my thoughts, I too was superfluous. [I is you or I or anyone.] Luckily I did not feel it, I only understood it, but I felt uncomfortable because I was afraid of feeling it. . . . I thought vaguely of doing away with myself, to do away with at least one of these superfluous existences. But my death – my corpse, my blood poured out on this gravel, among these plants, in this smiling garden – would have been superfluous as well. I was superfluous to all eternity.
Ally Condie, Crossed|Because I feel no anger toward my mother. Only loss, and loss is a feeling you can’t fight your way out of as easily.
DarknessAndLight, I Sold Myself To The Devil For Vinyls... Pitiful I Know|But I cant' translate it the right way, that's why I always use so many foreign languages around you, because there're some things that simply can't translate, that are beautiful when you read them the original way.
M. Kirin|Stop beating yourself up over all the days you didn’t work on your story. Focus on what you can do today.Sit down, and write.
Rachel Joyce, The Love Song of Miss Queenie Hennessy|That’s the difference between them and us. ‘Them’ view foxes as vermin, and ‘us’ identify with the fox.
Barbara Kruger|A moderate tax on robots, even a temporary tax that merely slows the adoption of disruptive technology, seems a natural component of a policy to address rising inequality. Revenue could be targeted toward wage insurance, to help people replaced by new technology make the transition to a different career.
Domenico Dolce|My dad had an aunt at the turn of the century who died from diabetes, but she was the closest affected relative in my family.
Hidekaz Himaruya|You know what the issue is? Do you want to know? It's what these guys have decided to call America. They have the audacity to say, 'There, you sons of bitches, don't lay a finger on it. That is a finished product.'""But any country is still in the making. Always. That's just history, people have to see that.
Marty Rubin|Love is nothing more than elevated levels of dopamine, nor-epinephrine, and other chemicals. But the way Uncle Antionio's face lights up as they dance... I wonder what it would be like to feel that. To let the chemicals of romance take over for just a little while. Then I remember that I am immortal and that my body doesn't work like everyone else's. Who knows if I can even feel love?
G.K. Chesterton, The Man Who Was Thursday: A Nightmare|People who have trouble questioning their own country often have trouble admitting fault in themselves, both of which come from insecurity and lack of humility.
Hazel Gaynor, The Cottingley Secret|On the floor beside the spare pillow that had tumbled from the bed in her sleep was a single yellow flower. Five heart-shaped petals. As fresh and as pure as if it were in full bloom in a summer meadow.Drowsy and mind-fogged, she crept downstairs to look for a book on Irish wildflowers. It took her a while to find anything that resembled the yellow flower, but eventually she found an image and description that matched: "Cinquefoil, a flower renowned for its healing properties and a flower also said to be favored by fairy folk. Meanings associated with it include money, protection, sleep, prophetic dreams, and beloved daughter.
Kilroy J. Oldster, Dead Toad Scrolls|Your man may be untroubled about the Future, not because he is concerned with the Present, but because he has persuaded himself that the Future is going to be agreeable. As long as that is the real course of his tranquillity, his tranquillity will do us good, because it is only piling up more disappointment, and therefore more impatience, for him when his false hopes are dashed. If, on the other hand, he is aware that horrors may be in store for him and is praying for the virtues, wherewith to meet them, and meanwhile concerning himself with the Present because there, and there alone, all duty, all grace, all knowledge, and all pleasure dwell, his state is very undesirable and should be attacked at once.
Michael Keaton|I think the sexiest thing about a woman is confidence, but confidence in a humble way, not in an arrogant way. Sense of humor is definitely important. And sunglasses always hide a multitude of sins. Sunglasses and a great pair of heels can turn most outfits around.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|It is far easier to live an excellent life among your friends, when you are putting your best foot forward and are conscious of public opinion, than it is to live for Christ in your home.
Milan Kundera, Testaments Betrayed: An Essay in Nine Parts|a small nation resembles a big family and likes to describe itself that way. In the language of the smallest European people, in Icelandic, the term for "family" is fjölskylda; the etymology is eloquent: skylda means "obligation"; fjöl means "multiple." Family is thus "a multiple obligation." Icelanders have a single word for "family ties": fjölskyldubönd: "the cords (bönd) of multiple obligations." Thus in the big family that is a small country, the artist is bound in multiple ways, by multiple cords. When Nietzsche noisily savaged the German character, when Stendhal announced that he preferred Italy to his homeland, no German or Frenchman took offense; if a Greek or a Czech dared to say the same thing, his family would curse him as a detestable traitor.
Janet Fitch|You do bad things to me, Carrie,” he grinned, “Very bad things.
Rick Riordan, The Last Olympian|Silena, take the Aphrodite crew to the Queens-Midtown Tu
Eugene Wigner|When the rods were pushed back in and the clicking had died down, we suddenly experiences a let-down feeling, for all of us understood the language of the counter. Even though we had anticipated the success of the experiment, its accomplishment had a deep impact on us. For some time we had known that we were about to unlock a giant; still we could not escape an eerie feeling when we had actually done it. We felt as, I presume, everyone feels who has done something that he knowns will have very far-reaching consequences which he cannot foresee.
Jennifer Daydreamer, Oliver|Jack's doctors have told him he is crazy… but, the truth is, it's the Voices who are crazy, not him.
Joseph Smith Jr.|Nothing is so much calculated to lead people to forsake sin as to take them by the hand and to watch over them in tenderness. When persons manifest the least kindness and love to me, O what pow'r it has over my mind.
Phil Volatile, Crushed Black Velvet|I talk about writing and write so much because aside from music, it’s the only thing giving me peace and reason and purpose. Everyone is looking for answers but I don’t have them and I’m not the answer, but I feel like if I could see the face of God, I’d be better, healed—absolved. I feel like a bastard and like I’m pushing a Ponzi scheme every time someone comes to me for guidance and I push them to the “right” path when I’m just as lost as they are. And it makes me feel like shit every time someone wants to look up to me, or when people call me strong or brave or amazing or want to tell me how “great” I am. And then, the next moment, I’m fine, until the next tide of emotion comes again. I’m just a person who’s had a lot of time to think—a flawed and fucked-up person.
Kevin Renner, In Search of Fatherhood|In hindsight, the grand hero ideal she always thought he encompassed chipped away and all that remained was a cheap imitation. He embodied everything she’d hidden from in her adolescence. Boyfriends, relationships, and sex all led to disaster. Being alone was better than shattered and broken like mother: disenchanted with the life she’d been forced into.
Anon1467|It is shameful, I feel, that we even have to make this point. That it is necessary to say, even once, that Black lives matter is itself a testimony to the racism of our society. It ought to be obvious that Black lives matter, that Black people matter, and by implication, that their murder, especially at the hands of the state, cannot go unanswered. And yet it is not obvious. It the context of the legal system, the recent evidence suggests that it is not even true. The slogan represents, then, not simply a fact, but more importantly a challenge. If we believe it, we must make it real.
Dexter Palmer, The Dream of Perpetual Motion|Sixty years ago the idea of everyone having a telephone in their pockets was science fiction. Our whole way of life is science fiction, if you look at it from the past.
Trent Reznor|Computers and computing are all around us. Some computing is highly visible, like your laptop. But this is only part of a computing iceberg. A lot more lies hidden below the surface. We don't see and usually don't think about the computers inside appliances, cars, airplanes, cameras, smartphones, GPS navigators and games.
C. Morley|Quando vendi ad un uomo un libro, non gli vendi 12 once di carta, un po' di inchiostro e della colla, gli vendi un'intera nuova vita".
Mayim Bialik|'Focusing' is no conventional repackaging of self-help wisdom. It is at once a manual and a philosophy. It talks about the body's wisdom, the steps of the focusing technique, how to discover the richness in others by learning to listen.
Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland & Through the Looking-Glass|When we were little," the Mock Turtle went on at last, more calmly, though still sobbing a little now and then, "we went to school in the sea. The master was an old Turtle - we used to call him Tortoise -""Why did you call him Tortoise, if he wasn't one?" Alice asked."We called him Tortoise because he taught us," said the Mock Turtle angrily: "really you are very dull!
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|What are the beliefs that give life, spirit and passion to your dream and which values will guide your decisions and actions for you to be fulfilled by your own success?
David Foster Wallace, Quack This Way|That’s why people use terms like flow or effortless to describe writing that they regard as really superb. They’re not saying effortless in terms of it didn’t seem like the writer spent any work. It simply requires no effort to read it — the same way listening to an incredible storyteller talk out loud requires no effort to pay attention. Whereas when you’re bored, you’re conscious of how much effort is required to pay attention.
David Gemmell, Fall of Kings|She was his north star, the fixed point round which his world turned. For as long as his heart beat, or hers, he believed they would always share a destiny.
Eleesha, The Soulful Pathway To Christmas: Soulfully Inspiring You in the Days Leading Up to Christmas and Beyond!|Christmas is supported through celebration, joyfully passed on - from generation to generation.
Gustave Flaubert|One day, I shall explode like an artillery shell and all my bits will be found on the writing table.
Heather Duffy Stone, This Is What I Want to Tell You|Now you look here. All your father ever dreamed of for you was to do something you loved in life. He didn't care about fancy qualifications or fancy clothes or cars, just that you were both happy and fulfilled. He was so excited about your dreams for a career.
Lionel Shriver, We Need to Talk About Kevin|I'm not...' Angharad began, but then she thought. Not what? Not a bad person? Perhaps. But had she never known anger? Never held unkind thoughts? The stranger's observation was valid. No one was innocent of darkness.
Vincent van Gogh|I have tried to express the idea that the café is a place where one can ruin oneself, go mad, or commit a crime.
Albert Camus, Notebooks 1951-1959|I would like to be able to breathe— to be able to love her by memory or fidelity. But my heart aches. I love you continuously, intensely.
Gustave Courbet|I am fifty years old and I have always lived in freedom; let me end my life free; when I am dead let this be said of me: 'He belonged to no school, to no church, to no institution, to no academy, least of all to any régime except the régime of liberty.
Zoe Forward, Protecting His Witch|Why should I trust you?" Her eyes narrowed. "All I really know about you is that you're not loyal to your girlfriends, you treat one-night stands like crap, and apparently you've made quite a name for yourself not only in the business world, but also in the bedroom since we last met.
Francis de Sales|That churchgoers do the lion's share of the charitable work in our communities is simply untrue. They get credit for it because they do a better job of tying the good works they do to their creed. But according to a 1998 study, 82% of volunteerism by churchgoers falls under the rubric of "church maintenance" activities -- volunteerism entirely within, and for the benefit of, the church building and immediate church community. As a result of this siphoning of volunteer energy into the care and feeding of churches themselves, most of the volunteering that happens out in the larger community -- from AIDS hospices to food shelves to international aid workers to those feeding the hungry and housing the homeless and caring for the elderly -- comes from the category of "unchurched" volunteers.
Inara Scott, The Marked|I don't care what kind of grades they give you at Delcroix. I wanted you to go there so you'd have a chance to learn how to use your gifts, and be confident enough to fight for what you believe in.
Samantha Chase, This Is Our Song|With this one kiss it was possible Riley Shaughnessy had ruined her for any other man. She’d dated plenty in her life, but no one had ever kissed her like this. And she had a feeling no one else ever would.
Osho|Knowing others is Wisdom, knowing yourself is Enlightenment
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|There would definitely be way fewer instances of cheating, if the average couple did not have sex only when the woman feels like it.
Sarah Caldwell|Learn everything you can, anytime you can, from anyone you can, there will always come a time when you will be grateful you did.
Kresley Cole, Lothaire|Everyone loves to slander everyone, and indulge in it willingly at anytime and anywhere.
C.S. Lewis|To me, re-reading my favorite books is like spending time with my best friends.I’d never be satisfied to limit myself to just one experience each with my favorite people.
Mahrukh|A decision is not an incident, it is result of hundreds of circumstances and thousands of thoughts.
Toni Sorenson|It surely can be no offence to state, that the progress of science has led to new views, and that the consequences that can be deduced from the knowledge of a hundred facts may be very different from those deducible from five. It is also possible that the facts first known may be the exceptions to a rule and not the rule itself, and generalisations from these first-known facts, though useful at the time, may be highly mischievous, and impede the progress of the science if retained when it has made some advance.
J.K. Rowling|Grief, it seemed, drove Voldemort out...though Dumbledore, of course, would have said that it was love.
Assegid Habtewold, The 9 Cardinal Building Blocks: For Continued Success in Leadership|You have chosen to exist, and more than just exist-- you've been chosen to share in the Universal consciousness.
L.M. Fields|It doesn't matter where you've been, only where you are going.
Apollo|That which wounds, shall heal.
Innocent Mwatsikesimbe, The Reason|All of us have a shadow man dogging our steps that we cannot shake, no matter how hard we try. He reminds us at our best that we are not as good as we appear to be; he bites at our heel with guilt when we find ourselves behaving far beneath our own expectations. That is the human condition. That is why we yearn so for redemption.
Sandra Ross, The Mating|She lowers her forehead to the floor, curling starlight tendrils under her face when she rocks in the yoga pose, so tempting and sexy even in her deepest despair. Her courage is failing and I wait it out, watching the prone woman bend subconsciously in prostrate worship. She knows who I am or she wouldn't do that.
Cecelia Ahern, The Book of Tomorrow|Then I realised that I was the god on this occasion. I had tried to help the bluebottle, but it wouldn't let me. And then I felt sorry for God because I understood his frustration. Sometimes when people offer a helping hand, it gets pushed away. People always want to help themselves first.
Charles B. Rangel|People are famous for being famous and for nothing else. And good luck to them, because it lasts about a year and then they're nothing again.
J.J. Howard, That Time I Joined the Circus|It shouldn’t be about getting famous. It shouldn’t be about the size of your following. It should be about the way in which you connect with people in the world around you. It’s about finding what you’re truly passionate about, and letting that guide you. Fame is fleeting. But if you’re really lucky, doing what you love can last forever.
Ziggy Marley|I would like to thank everyone who supported me to be fit for the Euros. I had some fitness problems before the tournament, but I am here now!
Harvey Mackay|Positive energy knows no boundaries. If everyone were to spread positive energy on the Internet, the world would be a much better place.
Wild Wild West TV|Jim: By the way Artie. How are you going to escape?Artie: Oh, the usual way. Guile.. cunning...trickery.Wild Wild West Season 3Night of the Arrow
Greg Grandin, Fordlandia: The Rise and Fall of Henry Ford's Forgotten Jungle City|The journalist Walter Lippmann identified in Henry Ford, for all his peculiarity, a common strain of "primitive Americanism." The industrialist's conviction that he could make the world conform to his will was founded on a faith that success in economic matters should, by extension, allow capitalists to try their hands "with equal success" at "every other occupation." "Mr. Ford is neither a crank nor a freak," Lippmann insisted, but "merely the logical exponent of American prejudices about wealth and success.
John Gardner, Grendel|They watch on, evil, incredibly stupid, enjoying my destruction.'Poor Grendel's had an accident,' I whisper. 'So may you all.
Fernando Pessoa, The Book of Disquiet|My soul is a black maelstrom, a great madness spinning about a vacuum, the swirling of a vast ocean around a hole in the void, and in the waters, more like whirlwinds than waters, float images of all I ever saw or heard in the world: houses, faces, books, boxes, snatches of music and fragments of voices, all caught up in a sinister, bottomless whirlpool.
Audrey Niffenegger, The Time Traveler's Wife|When I am out there, in time, I am inverted, changed into a desperate version of myself. I become a thief, a vagrant, an animal who runs and hides. I startle old women and amaze children. I am a trick, an illusion of the highest order, so incredible that I am actually true.
Alexis  Hall, For Real|From the errors of others, a wise man corrects his own.
Aleister Crowley, Magick Without Tears|Standard languages are inventions, most of them confined to a recent period in human history. They are codes that give access not to clear thinking and basic decency but to the structured parts of our lives such as job interviews, political speeches, literary essays, novels, and the like. They signal education and learning, but they are not the same thing as education and learning.
Miriam Joy, Broken Body Fragile Heart|I had no doubt that I could do something, but what, and how? I had no contacts and I believed in nothing. And the obsession with my identity which I had developed in the factory hospital returned with a vengeance. Who was I, how had I come to be?
Ayn Rand, The Fountainhead|I will take what I can from Edward. And then I will let them fade into history, all the characters in this drama. Emma Matthews and the men who loved her, who became obsessed with her. They're not important to us now.
Karen Kingston, Clear Your Clutter with Feng Shui|So many people have the TV or radio constantly turned on "for company," or spend their time reading trashy novels, aimlessly surfing the Net, and so on. Then suddenly one day you are old or sick and you realize you have done nothing with your life. All your thoughts are other people's thoughts and you have no idea who you really are or what the purpose of your life might be.
Sierra Cartwright, With This Collar|A dangerous flicker of energy passes between us, and I see his pupils dilate as arousal floods his body. His mouth finds me aggressively, and his lips close around mine, pushing his tongue inside my mouth; claiming me. I melt into the kiss, aware that his hungry cock will soon be mirroring the actions of his hot tongue, but this time in my tight arsehole.
Matshona Dhliwayo|The wise have two arms, and yet can grasp many things,and have two eyes, and yet can perceive many things.
Brian Krans, A Constant Suicide|The trouble is not really in being alone, it's being lonely. One can be lonely in the midst of a crowd, don't you think?
Adam Smith, The Wealth of Nations|The principle locations of exploitation have moved, through the mechanism of 'globalisation', to where most of us can't see them and don't really care about them if we do.
Naima Simone, Witness to Passion|Oh yeah, she wanted to be this man's prey in every way. She'd felt his brand of dominance and wanted more of it.
Grover Norquist|I think at least my philosophy of leadership is you focus more on the areas you have to improve or the mistakes than you do on your successes. And that's just how I am in real life. I don't want to let down my customers, my employees, my shareholders.
Terry Pratchett|The details surrounding both my marriage and subsequent filing for divorce are private, and I had hoped to keep them that way for the sake of my family.
Pawan Mishra, Coinman: An Untold Conspiracy|Her beauty effortlessly managed to arrest the pulse of each heart at the office and keep it in a dreamlike cage where she could have a look at each at her will and derive pleasure which, it had to be said, was a touch malicious in nature.
Stephanie Beacham|Brains don't really smell, but what's amazing about the brain is that it's almost like scrambled eggs or soft tofu, almost like a gel. The brain controls so much of what we do, but you could put your finger right through it.
Christina Lauren, Beautiful Bastard|So here were the facts: I felt possessive of her. Not in a romantic sort of way, but in a "hit her over the head, drag her off by the hair, and fuck her" way. Like she was my toy and I was keeping the other boys in the sandbox from playing with her. How sick was that? If she ever heard me admit to that, she would cut off my balls and feed them to me.
David Pietrusza|He'd been a shy, quiet, bookish kid, and that had been painful; now he was a big dumb guy, and nobody expected him to be able to do anything more than move a sofa into the next room on his own.
Simon Cheshire, Plastic Fantastic|Gran follows recipes by looking at picture—to the eye, delicious; to the tongue, boiled socks. Makes you wanna cry really.
Queen Latifah|You must not under any pretense allow your mind to dwell on any thought that is not positive, constructive, optimistic, kind.
Nikki Sixx|I had a really great performance with Steven Tyler in the movie 'Be Cool.' I performed 'Cryin',' so we recorded the song beforehand. But I didn't get to meet him until I hit the stage with him, and we had a live performance with 30,000 people in the audience, and that was for the movie.
Robert Silverberg, Dying Inside|I have a habitual feeling of my real life having past, and that I am now leading a posthumous existence.
Sarah Jessica Parker|Guys are simple... women are not simple and they always assume that men must be just as complicated as they are, only way more mysterious. The whole point is guys are not thinking much. They are just what they appear to be. Tragically.
Robert Greene|So I come back again to the condition that the Golden Rule, if one adopts it, is a difficult master to serve. The ship’s captain will not throw the compass overboard because the wind blows fair and the day is funny. For he knows, from the experiences of the ocean’s instability, that the danger days of storm are always “just ahead.” So the compass must always be handy and obedience to it must always be loyal. And so with the Golden Rulle—the compass must be ever at hand through life’s journey. It will see us through trying times. And perhaps the most trying of all times comes when success is riding high and we may be tempted to “throw the compass overboard.” It is then we must remember that all good days in human life come from the mastery of the days of trouble that are forever recurrent.
Dada Bhagwan|He who has conquered his internal enemies, to such an Arihant, I bow down to them. Learn to recognize the inner enemies. Anger, pride, deceit and greed are the inner enemies.
Langston Hughes|In a way, I envy the freedom artists have. Artists can push themselves beyond their limits, in pursuit of their ideas and their vision, even if they are inhabited by demons that can also play tricks on them.
Seth Godin, Guerrilla Marketing for Home-Based Businesses|Can you imagine doing ministry the last five hundred years and getting away with ‘Sorry, I don’t do books’? Can you imagine doing ministry in the next five years and getting away with ‘Sorry, I don’t do Facebook’?
Anuradha Bhattacharyya, One Word|Beauty is discernible in your fleeting moments. When you talk; in a smile or a blink of your eye; beauty is discernible. I can feel it in the skin of your nape when I kiss it. You must know how to preserve it for a long time; I do not know how long that would be possible. Many things may change. Many new things may meet your eyes, allure you; you may be corrupted by them. Then? What will you do then? All that has made you beautiful will be gone…
Deyth Banger|Contrary to popular belief," Gretchen grumbled. "It's creepy to watch a girl while she sleeps."	Clint shrugged and smiled. "Sorry, I guess I should've just woken you up.
Will Christopher Baer, Kiss Me, Judas|I am so stupid, so easily fooled. It's really almost funny. If I could lift a finger I would gladly kill myself.
Robin Sloan, Mr. Penumbra's 24-Hour Bookstore|So I guess you could say Neel owes me a few favors, except that so many favors have passed between us now that they are no longer distinguishable as individual acts, just a bright haze of loyalty. Our friendship is a nebula.
Amber Heard|A good character is the best tombstone. Those who loved you and were helped by you will remember you when forget-me-nots have withered. Carve your name on hearts, not on marble.
Frank Dillane|I can't see any value in being a celebrity, famous for being famous.
Richard von Krafft-Ebing, Psychopathia Sexualis: The Case Histories|The first requirement of a sound body of law is, that it should correspond with the actual feelings and demands of the community, whether right or wrong.
Alfred Alcorn, The Counterfeit Murder in the Museum of Man|Anne tried to bite her tongue, but she was finding her mouth bloody too often.
Arundhati Roy, The Checkbook and the Cruise Missile: Conversations with Arundhati Roy|I see a role for specialized knowledge, but I think that it's important for there to be an arena where it is shared, where it is communicated. It's not that somebody shouldn't have specialized knowledge. The ability to dig a trench and lay a cable is a kind of specialized knowledge. Farmers have specialized knowledge, too. The question is: what sort of knowledge is privileged in our societies? I don't think that a CEO is more valuable to society and ought to be paid ten million dollars a year, while farmers and laborers starve.The range of what is valued has become so extreme that one lot of people have captured it and left three-quarters of the world to live in unthinkable poverty, because their work is not valued. What would happen if the sweepers of the city went on strike or the sewage system didn't work? A CEO wouldn't be able to deal with his own shit.
Mary Oliver, Dog Songs|I used to think it was mere homesickness, then I started getting it at home.
Dan Alatorre|Honesty makes stories real and characters memorable. From there, taking them to where they need to go will be all the development they need.
Robert Kennedy, Jr.|The worst pandemic in modern history was the Spanish flu of 1918, which killed tens of millions of people. Today, with how interconnected the world is, it would spread faster.
Michael Bassey Johnson|Anytime you meditate, some electric jerks occur in your thigh...the symbol of premonition of an unpleasant event that has happened or will take place in future.
Thomas Merton|We provoke a shark every time we enter the water where sharks happen to be, for we forget: The ocean is not our territory - it's theirs.
Marcus Valerius Martialis, Epigrams, Volume III, Books 11-14.|One makes one's own luck, but you have to give the universe the opportunity to help you.
Robert Farrar Capon, Between Noon & Three: Romance, Law & the Outrage of Grace|...there is therefore now no condemnation for two reasons: you are dead now; and God, as the Lamb slain from the foundation of the world, has been dead all along. The blame game was over before it started. It really was. All Jesus did was announce that truth and tell you it would make you free. It was admittedly a dangerous thing to do. You are a menace. Be he did it; and therefore, menace or not, here you stand: uncondemned, forever, now. What are you going to do with your freedom?
P.G. Wodehouse, Mostly Sally|And she's got brains enough for two, which is the exact quantity the girl who marries you will need.
Kelley Hazen|To change your perspective, you have to change your perspective.
Michael Martin|Religion has kept all of us suffocated, I can’t raise my voice you can’t raise your voice, still they call us fundamentalists.
Thomas Middleton, The Changeling|FRANCISCUS: How sweetly she looks! Oh, but there's a wrinkle in her brow as deep as philosophy.
R. Alan Woods, The Journey Is the Destination: A Book of Quotes With Commentaries|Forgiveness is a practiced and fervrent process".~R. Alan Woods [2012]
Jean Baudrillard, Simulacra and Simulation|The media represents world that is more real than reality that we can experience. People lose the ability to distinguish between reality and fantasy. They also begin to engage with the fantasy without realizing what it really is.They seek happiness and fulfilment through the simulacra of reality, e.g. media and avoid the contact/interaction with the real world.
A.C. Grayling, The Form of Things: Essays on Life, Ideas and Liberty in the 21st Century|God, who in the beginning was the creator, appears in the end as revenger and rewarder. Deference to such a God admittedly can produce virtuous actions; however, because fear of punishment or hope for reward are their motive, these actions will not be purely moral; on the contrary, the inner essence of such virtue will amount to prudent and carefully calculating egoism.
Cary Grant|In 1977, when I became Speaker, I started meeting with TV reporters each morning when I arrived at work. Later in the morning, I would hold a news conference before the House opened. I always told the truth and almost never answered with 'no comment.'
Ikechukwu Joseph, Through Faith: Living an Overcoming Life|through faith we overcome, through fate we drown
Becky Chambers, The Long Way to a Small, Angry Planet|Y'all think a body be who you is, but it ain't nothing but a motherfucking sack of meat.
Steve Augarde, Celandine|I believe there is an explanation for everything - although we shall never know the explanation for everything. Not everything in this world can be understood by us, nor should it be. It is not necessary.
George Muller|Wherever God has given faith, it is given, among other reasons, for the very purpose of being tried.
Iain Pears, The Dream of Scipio|Olivier took a deep breath, then turned and bowed in farewell. Gersonides nodded in return, then thought of something."The manuscript you brought me, by that bishop. It argues that understanding is more important than movement. That action is virtuous only if it reflects pure comprehension, and that virtue comes from the comprehension, not the action."Olivier frowned. "So?""Dear boy, I must tell you a secret.""What?""I do believe it is wrong.
Steve Stern|Sometimes, when I couldn’t afford to pay the utility bill at the end of the month, I was forced to read by the light of the stories themselves.
Beau Taplin|Some people are magic, and others are just the illusion of it.
Karen Mueller Coombs, Bully at Ambush Corner|I’m proud of you, son,” he said. “I guess it has finally sunk in that it’s important to stand up for yourself in this world.”Rocky shook his head. “It’s more important to stand up for someone who can’t stand up for herself,” he had answered.Rocky Ryan speaking with his father.
Dalai Lama XIV|World peace must develop from inner peace. Peace is not just mere absence of violence. Peace is, I think, the manifestation of human compassion.
Alice Hoffman|Love was never a mistake,even when it wasn't returned.
Terry Pratchett, Wintersmith|You aren't ugly, my dear. Do not listen to anyone who would say so, even yourself.
Jay Woodman|Repentance in Greek means something much closer to "thinking differently afterward" than it does "changing your cheating ways." Of course repentance can look like a prostitute becoming a librarian, but it can also look like a prostitute simply saying, "OK, I'm a sex worker and I don't know how to change that, but I can come here and receive bread and wine and I can hold onto the love of God without being deemed worthy of it by anyone but God.
Jay Woodman|Look everywhere. There are miracles and curiosities to fascinate and intrigue for many lifetimes:the intricacies of nature and everything in the world and universe around us from the miniscule to the infinite; physical, chemical and biological functionality; consciousness, intelligence and the ability to learn; evolution, and the imperative for life; beauty and other abstract interpretations; language and other forms of communication; how we make our way here and develop social patterns of culture and meaningfulness;how we organise ourselves and others; moral imperatives; the practicalities of survival and all the embellishments we pile on top; thought, beliefs, logic, intuition, ideas; inventing, creating, information, knowledge; emotions, sensations, experience, behaviour.We are each unique individuals arising from a combination of genetic, inherited, and learned information, all of which can be extremely fallible.Things taught to us when we are young are quite deeply ingrained. Obviously some of it (like don’t stick your finger in a wall socket) is very useful,but some of it is only opinion – an amalgamation of views from people you just happen to have had contact with.A bit later on we have access to lots of other information via books, media, internet etc, but it is important to remember that most of this is still just opinion, and often biased.Even subjects such as history are presented according to the presenter’s or author’s viewpoint, and science is continually changing. Newspapers and TV tend to cover news in the way that is most useful to them (and their funders/advisors), Research is also subject to the decisions of funders and can be distorted by business interests. Pretty much anyone can say what they want on the internet, so our powers of discernment need to be used to a great degree there too.Not one of us can have a completely objective view as we cannot possibly have access to, and filter, all knowledge available, so we must accept that our views are bound to be subjective. Our understanding and responses are all very personal, and our views extremely varied. We tend to make each new thing fit in with the picture we have already started in our heads, but we often have to go back and adjust the picture if we want to be honest about our view of reality as we continually expand it. We are taking in vast amounts of information from others all the time, so need to ensure we are processing that to develop our own true reflection of who we are.
Catherine Lacey, The Answers|I couldn't decide how to feel about what he was saying, whether it was all nonsense or just more evidence that I would never understand this world.
Jack Kerouac, On the Road|Oh, I love, love, love women! I think women are wonderful! I love women!
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|The limited mind owned by human..requires billions of brains of many generations,before capable enough to understand the truth, the kind of truth which will set us free.
Aspen Matis, Girl in the Woods: A Memoir|And if I'd be left alone in the woods again, I smiled to think how I'd find new gifts and thrive. At the end of a long trail and the beginning of the rest of my life, I was committed to always loving myself. I would put myself in that win-win situation.
G.K. Chesterton|She(Joan of Arc) put her dreams and her sentiment into her aims, where they ought to be; she put her practicality into her practice. Ine modern Imperial wars, the case is reversed. Our dreams, our aims are always, we insist, quite practical. It is our practice that is dreamy.
Ada Lovelace|People think that computer science is the art of geniuses but the actual reality is the opposite, just many people doing things that build on eachother, like a wall of mini stones.
Louis-Ferdinand Céline, Journey to the End of the Night|Philosophizing is simply one way of being afraid, a cowardly pretense that doesn't get you anywhere.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando, The Union Moujik|...At the end of the day, what matters is our faith in humanity...
E.R. Wade|It wasn't until the morning after my uneventful shift, when I wake up, dazed and tense and frustrated as hell, that I realize I'm getting obsessed with that girl, my partner, and this thing is running me ragged.
Karen Essex|I can wield any type of saw out there, and I have to do this, even if it takes me years. That I can even think in terms of a future, is a miracle. Why? Because two and a half years ago, when I was thirty-two years old, I had a heart attack. I used to be the size of a small, depressed cow. The heart attack led to my stomach strangling operation, and I lost 170 pounds. Now I am less than half myself, in more ways than one.
Azim Premji|If you really want to improve technology, if you want things to work better and be better, you've got to protect the person who spends a lot of effort, money, and time developing that new technology.
Richelle Mead, Spirit Bound|I'll accept your apology on one condition." He folded his arms across his chest."Anything?""You trust me."I cocked my head to the side. "I trust you, Cam.""No, you don't." He walked over to my small table and pulled out a chair. "Have a seat."Sitting down, I tugged the hem of his shirt down as he headed back to the stove, putting the tiny skillet over the burner."If you trusted me, you wouldn't have reacted the way you did," he simply said, cracking an egg. "And that's not me judging you or any of that kind of shit. You got to trust me that I'm not going to be an ass or freak out over that kind of stuff. You have to trust that I care enough about you.
Arnold Bennett|It is easier to go down a hill than up, but the view is from the top.
William James|If merely 'feeling good' could decide, drunkenness would be the supremely valid human experience.
Wallace Stegner, On Teaching and Writing Fiction|By his very profession, a serious fiction writer is a vendor of the sensuous particulars of life, a perceiver and handler of things. His most valuable tools are his sense and his memory; what happens in his mind is primarily pictures.
Virginia Toole|When you are being tested from every angle, why, with no apparent cause. Look inwards. stand up for yourself.. it's something you need to work on that is being highlighted. Finish acknowledging the whispers from your inner self. You left no choice but to have it reflected externally for all to see.
Josh Alan Friedman|We are stuck on the obvious of this world, and it so fills our minds and our beings that there is little room for anything else, even if that "obvious" is merely a small part of what is real.
Ralph E. Vaughan, Amidst Dark Satanic Mills|Look now—in all of history men have been taught that killing of men is an evil thing not to be countenanced. Any man who kills must be destroyed because this is a great sin, maybe the worst sin we know. And then we take a soldier and put murder in his hands and we say to him, ‘Use it well, use it wisely.’ We put no checks on him. Go out and kill as many of a certain kind or classification of your brothers as you can. And we will reward you for it because it is a violation of your early training.
Joseph B. Wirthlin|The moment a large investor doesn't believe a government will pay back its debt when it says it will, a crisis of confidence could develop. Investors have scant patience for the years of good governance - politically fraught fiscal restructuring, austerity and debt rescheduling - it takes to defuse a sovereign-debt crisis.
Abhijit Naskar, The Education Decree|The teacher should be like the conductor in the orchestra, not the trainer in the circus.
Steven Erikson|He roused from a joyous dream of feasting, of drinking blood and sucking warm marrow from the bone. His sons and daughters swarmed like ants upon the surface of the Earth, ripe in their terror, delectable in their anguish. He swept them into his mouth and their insides ran in black streams between his lips and matted his beard. This sweet dream rapidly slipped away as he stretched and assessed his surroundings. He shambled forth from the great cavern in the mountain that had been his home for so long.
Kourtney Kardashian|I skated and rode bikes on ramps, and my mom was always super supportive. She was one of the only divorced moms in the neighborhood, so all the other parents looked down upon her for letting her kids do that kind of thing.
Shannon L. Alder|Fearlessness is not what you do to win, but what you don't do. When you love yourself as much as your God, you won't see other people as the source of your pain. Rather, you will see who you have become because you honestly believed that your chains would be broken through hatred, instead of kindness.
Anthony Liccione|A rose, isn't quite as beautiful as it once was, when after its thorn pricks you.
Veronica Roth, Carve the Mark|I know what it is to become something you hate, I know how it hurts. But life is full of hurt. And your capacity for baring it is much greater than you believe."pg 287
Sue Monk Kidd, God's Joyful Surprise: Finding Yourself Loved|Harmony exists no less in difference than in likeness, if only the same key-note govern both parts.
Nikki Rowe|You are always going to meet disturbances outside yourself, it's the experience of living ~ There will be dark days and there will be days of laughter and somewhere in between you'll create a healthy balance within yourself and call it a life. We can't stop the storm, but we can learn to watch it pass.
B. Barmanbek, Culpa Innata|She liked who she was becoming, despite the pain and frustration it brought.
Brian Andreas|We lay there and looked up at the night sky and she told me about stars called blue squares and red swirls and I told her I'd never heard of them. Of course not, she said, the really important stuff they never tell you. You have to imagine it on your own.
Bruce Feiler|Scientists have demonstrated that dramatic, positive changes can occur in our lives as a direct result of facing an extreme challenge - whether it's coping with a serious illness, daring to quit smoking, or dealing with depression. Researchers call this 'post-traumatic growth.'
Michael Moss|The true scientist no longer attempts to disprove the pull of gravity, or the rotation of the earth, or the motion of heavenly bodies, or the sequence of the seasons, or man's need of food and water, or the function of the heart.
Ann Charles, An Ex to Grind in Deadwood|Where you been, girl?” Harvey answered. “I’ve been sendin’ you twits for the last hour.
Justin Lee|I love Mexican food, and there's a really good restaurant called El Parador that I love.
Deng Ming-Dao|I live a healthy lifestyle and I crave healthy food. I love porridge - I have bizarre cravings for it. I love it with brown sugar and bananas, and I'm a huge fan of cinnamon - I put cinnamon on everything. I also have a sweet tooth and I don't like to deprive myself. I think everything in moderation is the key.
Jan Karon|Listening is among the most generous ways to give. When a loved one talks to us— whether their words appear to be deep or shallow— listen. For in some way, they are baring their souls.
Lorii Myers, No Excuses, The Fit Mind-Fit Body Strategy Book|People aspire, learn, and grow when they are ready to commit to the process.
Ravindra Shukla, A Maverick Heart: Between Love and Life|Design is, literally, purposeful planning. Graphic Design, then, is the form those plans will take.
M.L. Rodriguez, Imperfectly Beautiful|I love you.”“Wow. That too on Valentine’s Day!”“That’s just a coincidence.”A perfect love story started to brew as they embarked on a journey of love and romance. The day the world celebrated love was the day they would start their love story too. What a perfect melodrama, even the best of romantic movies might not have such a climax. A perfect love story was just brewing.
Barbara Michaels, Houses of Stone|She loved the smell of books, the feel of books, the look of them on the shelf.
Buffy Andrews|I am so over you, Rejection. You can't get to me like that anymore. I won't let you squash my hopes and dreams. (Slams door) So there!
Felicity Brandon, Customer Service|The strikes continue ruthlessly. I brace for each blow, numbering it as the heat subsides, and enjoying her tender exploration of my swollen lips in between. The rhythm pulls me through the assault and, all too soon, I acknowledge the tenth strike.
Jay Griffiths|We must always emphasize research and development of science and mathematics, and I can think of no better way to achieve this than through our future in space.
Alexander McCall Smith, The Lost Art of Gratitude|Moral beauty existed as clearly as any other form of beauty and perhaps that was where we could find the God who was so vividly, and sometimes bizarrely, described in our noisy religious explanations. It was an intriguing thought, as it meant that a concert could be a spiritual experience, a secular painting a religious icon, a beguiling face a passing angel.
Voltaire, Candide|They envy the distinction I have won; let them, therefore, envy my toils, my honesty, and the methods by which I gained it.
Brandon Sanderson, Words of Radiance|we all need someone to talk to, be with and love
Olivia Sudjic, Sympathy|He handed Mae a piece of paper, on which he'd written, in crude all capitals, a list of assertions under the headline "The Rights of Humans in a Digital Age." Mae scanned it, catching passages: "We must all have the right to anonymity." "Not every human activity can be measured." "The ceaseless pursuit of data to quantify the value of any endeavour is catastrophic to true understanding." "The barrier between public and private must remain unbreachable." At the end she found one line, written in red ink: "We must all have the right to disappear.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Think Great: Be Great!|The more you give of yourself, the more you find yourself.
Alan W. Watts|And people get all fouled up because they want the world to have meaning as if it were words... As if you had a meaning, as if you were a mere word, as if you were something that could be looked up in a dictionary. You are meaning.
Susan C. Young, The Art of Body Language: 8 Ways to Optimize Non-Verbal Communication for Positive Impact|Throw out and discard all negative energy that comes your way and find the positives in the situations. You may be having a bad day at work or a lot to do, but be thankful you have a job to go to while many others do not. Always fuel your life with positive energy if you want to be successful.
Christine Stovell, Move Over Darling|Kitty waved her free hand to show that she was ok, although she was very tempted to stand over one of Adam’s window-washing puddles and pretend her waters had broken just to see what he would do.
Elizabeth Warren, A Fighting Chance|Capitalism is the fullest expression of anarchism, and anarchism is the fullest expression of capitalism. Not only are they compatible, but you can't really have one without the other. True anarchism will be capitalism, and true capitalism will be anarchism
Michael Jordan|Everybody has talent, but ability takes hard work.
John Delaney|At one point, I had over 800 employees, and I always paid all health care for my people - including a man who was my assistant who got HIV. I wound up paying his medical bills, which went into the hundreds of thousands. I'm not making myself out to be a saint. I did the right thing.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|As Gates had told the pastor that day in his house. "I can do anything I put my mind to".
Rabbi Nachman de Bratslav|As the hand held before the eye conceals the greatest mountain, so the little earthly life hides from the glance the enormous lights and mysteries of which the world is full, and he who can draw it away from before his eyes, as one draws away a hand, beholds the great shining of the inner worlds.
Theo Jansen|I think the kids in school that laughed at the clothes that we wore and the house that we lived in, and then my mother had to cut hair... I think that was a good motivator. Every time they laughed at me, they just built a fire, and there was only one way to put it out - to try and show 'em I was as good as they were.
F. Scott Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby|She wore a killer smile, absolutely devastating. It was a smile that could twist a man’s heart. A man could fall in love just being on the receiving end of that smile. A man would want to see the smile every day and be the one who could make it appear. He would want it all to himself.
Joe Paterno|Steroids do not guarantee you're going to have success. I think a lot of people think that they will, but they don't.
Sue Grafton, M is for Malice|A critic can only review the book he has read, not the one which the writer wrote.
Abhijit Naskar, Autobiography of God: Biopsy of A Cognitive Reality|God is simply a magnificent state of the mind, where the finite turns infinite.
Elle Kennedy, The Score|I didn’t like the way he looked at you.” “How did he look at me?” Allie asks warily. “Like you were his entire world.” She frowns. “And that’s a bad thing?” “Damn right it is. Nobody should ever be someone else’s entire world. That’s not healthy, AJ. If your whole life is centered on one thing—one person—whatcha going to be left with if that person goes away? Absolutely nothing.” He gruffly reiterates, “Not healthy.
Nick Cannon|When I hit 16, I got a scooter to ride to school. It was bright pink, and I saw on the ownership papers that Jonathan Ross once owned it. My friends slated me for it because of the colour, but it was cool. My father used to ride, and my mother's boyfriend has a bike, so we're a bit of a biker family.
Blaise Cendrars, Moravagine|Modern man has a need for simplification that tends to find its expression one way or another. And this artificial monotony which he takes pains to create, this monotony which is slowly taking over the world, this monotony is the sign of our greatness. It bears the mark of a certain will-power, the will to utility; it is the expression of utility, a law that governs all our modern activity: the Law of Utility.
Oliver Sacks, On the Move: A Life|As your trillions of new connections continually form and re-form, the distinctive pattern means that no one like you has ever existed, or will ever exist again. The experience of your conscious awareness, right now, is unique to you. And because the physical stuff is constantly changing, we are too. We’re not fixed. From cradle to grave, we are works in progress.
Stephen King|I think humans are only capable of small moments of honesty. Then they get tired and back away. It's something to foster, this ability to keep it for longer. How to keep being honest and aware.
Sarvesh Jain|You'll never be completely sure about the first move, but do it anyway.
Bill Moyers|Constitutional democracy, you see, is no romantic notion. It's our defense against ourselves, the one foe who might defeat us.
James G. Frazer|Maybe nature is fundamentally ugly, chaotic and complicated. But if it's like that, then I want out.
Mikaela Shiffrin|A huge amount of success in life comes from learning as a child how to make good habits. It's good to help kids understand that when they do certain things habitually, they're reinforcing patterns.
Michael Meade, The Genius Myth|We may be closest to hearing the call when we feel most alone or in trouble, for genius hides behind the wound and one of the greatest wounds in life is to not know who we are intended to be or what we are supposed to serve in life.
levi paul taylor|when at times to remind us of the blessings we have been giventhen we are more likely to understand how special our lives areit's not by chance as some would maybe believebut the grand design of love and fulfillment,...
Lisa Kleypas, Mine Till Midnight|The question, love, is whether you want me enough to take the risk.
John J. Geddes|If we consider this official or elite multiculturalism as an ideological state apparatus we can see it as a device for constructing and ascribing political subjectivities and agencies for those who are seen as legitimate and full citizens and others who are peripheral to this in many senses. There is in this process an element of racialized ethnicization, which whitens North Americans of European origins and blackens or darkens their 'others' by the same stroke. This is integral to Canadian class and cultural formation and distribution of political entitlement. The old and established colonial/racist discourses of tradition and modernity, civilization and savagery, are the conceptual devices of the construction and ascription of these racialized ethnicities. It is through these 'conceptual practices of power' (Smith, 1990) that South Asians living in Canada, for example, can be reified as hindu or muslim, in short as religious identities.....We need to repeat that there is nothing natural or primordial about cultural identities - religious or otherwise - and their projection as political agencies. In this multiculturalism serves as a collection of cultural categories for ruling or administering, claiming their representational status as direct emanations of social ontologies. This allows multiculturalism to serve as an ideology, both in the sense of a body of content, claiming that 'we' or 'they' are this or that kind of cultural identities, as well as an epistemological device for occluding the organization of the social....an interpellating device which segments the nation's cultural and political space as well as its labour market into ethnic communities....Defined thus, third world or non-white peoples living in Canada become organized into competitive entities with respect to each other. They are perceived to have no commonality, except that they are seen as, or self-appellate as, being essentially religious, traditional or pre-modern, and thus civilizationally backward. This type of conceptualization of political and social subjectivity or agency allows for no cross-border affiliation or formation, as for example does the concept of class.
Marilynne Robinson, Gilead|There is no justice in love, no proportion in it, and there need not be, because in any specific instance it is only a glimpse or parable of an embracing, incomprehensible reality. It makes no sense at all because it is the eternal breaking in on the temporal. So how could it subordinate itself to cause or consequence?
Dan Lipinski|On the environmental front there's concern about global warming and high levels of carbon dioxide, and trees take in CO2 and store carbon.
Thomas Jefferson, Letters of Thomas Jefferson|I no longer believe that we can keep silent. We never really do, mind you. In one way or another we articulate what has happened to us through the kind of people we become.
Amanda Usen, Make Me, Take Me|I’d practically groped her under the guise of helping her get out a stain, but still, she looked like she found me about as appealing as second-hand underpants.
Efrat Cybulkiewicz|I admit. I have the tendency of blanking family, friends and acquaintances when they justify their behaviors and deny any negative feedback; I refuse to invest my time in premeditated resentments.
John Green, Let It Snow: Three Holiday Romances|I really thought she was going to die before I could tell her that I was going to die, too.
Donna Brazile|If you're a girl, you're always Daddy's little girl. You're vulnerable, no matter how worldly or sophisticated or strong you'd become along the way. My dad Lionel let me know how proud he was, even as he kept me from being too big for my britches.
Nancy S. Mure, EAT! Empower, Adjust, Triumph!: Lose Ridiculous Weight, Succeed On Any Diet Plan, Bust Through Any Plateau in 3 Empowering Steps!|Are you going to hand your children over to Big Food, Big Med and Big Pharma? That journey begins with the choice to bottle feed, then it's all down hill from there.
Jonna Ivin, Will Love For Crumbs|How long you guys been renovating?” Craig asked Arianna.“About a month.”“How much longer?”Arianna sighed. “The contractor messed up the counters, so who knows.”“Preaching to the choir.”“Yeah?”“Oh, yeah. But in the end everything turned out for the best.”“How so?”“Well, for one, I switched from laminate to granite.”“Granite . . .” She exhaled, confounded, as if the granite countertop quandary was the most perplexing philosophical question of all time. “Yeah . . .We’re torn.”“More expensive, but aesthetically superior,” Craig lobbied. “Also retains value longer.”Knowing the sexual perversity about to transpire, I couldn’t reconcile that I was suddenly in an episode of Extreme Makeover: Home Edition. Granted, I didn’t know from normal pre–group sex discussion topics, but I was pretty sure home improvement wasn’t on the list.
Guy Noland|Everything I had to give went to my children, and though I loved them and my husband utterly, the drudgery of the day-to-day made it seem as if not love but coffee, my Toyota and sheer logistics were what propelled me through life.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Repentance is mentioned seventy times in the New Testament . . . the Bible says God commands repentance . . . it is a command . . .God says, “Repent! Or perish!
Roger Ascham|T.J. Miller and Kumail Nanjiani I met when I was in Chicago, learning how to do comedy.
Asha Tyson|Being negative only makes a difficult journey more difficult. You may be given a cactus, but you don't have to sit on it.
Anne Fortier, Juliet|There are two ways,” he told me, “and they are love and not love. I choose love.
C.K. Webb, Suspense Magazine January 2011|Everyone has a story inside them. Some are bedtimes stories, some thrill and others scare and horrify their readers. Find out what your story is and share it with the world.
Giuseppe Zanotti|I studied graphic design originally. I used to like drawing, and I was quite into technical drawing. I was always interested in the visual medium, but I thought I was going to be an architect or something like that, but it's quite a lonely job.
Earl Wilson|If you want total security, go to prison. There you're fed, clothed, given medical care and so on. The only thing lacking... is freedom.
Wesley Chu, The Lives of Tao|Look to your right... It is the path back home. If you choose, you can take it. It is safe, easy, and comfortable. You do not have to work out or fight or do anything else you do not want to...Or you can keep moving forward. I will not lie to you. I cannot predict what may become of you. It will require a lot of training, hard work, study, and danger. But in the very end, you will know strength. I swear it. You might just become someone who will make a difference in the world.
Germany Kent|Your Monday morning thoughts set the tone for your whole week. See yourself getting stronger, and living a fulfilling, happier & healthier life.
Lailah Gifty, Akita|Whoever confesses his sins, shall obtain the mercy of God's grace.
Suzanne Young, Poet Anderson ...of Nightmares|He was surrounded by love, and he used that power to create.
Gary Zukav, The Seat of the Soul|What is in one is in the whole, and therefore, ultimately, each soul is responsible for the world.
Sheryl Sandberg, Lean In: Women, Work, and the Will to Lead|When faced with first time fatherhood at the age of 49, I didn’t know whether to celebrate with champagne… or hemlock.
Sue Monk Kidd, Traveling With Pomegranates: A Mother-Daughter Story|I now understand that writing fiction was a seed planted in my soul, though I would not be ready to grow that seed for a long time.
Jacqueline Carey, Kushiel's Justice|I wondered if, by the time we'd been together as long as Phèdre and Joscelin, I'd be able to predict her reactions. I wasn't sure I would.I wasn't sure I wanted to, either.
Darlenne Susan Girard, freefalling|Sometimes you have to stop and ask yourself who’s really stupid, the guys who stop and pick you up, or you, for being out here in the first place?" - excerpt from: freefalling
Ludwig Wittgenstein|I realize then that the disappearance of a culture does not signify the disappearance of human value, but simply of certain means of expressing this value, yet the fact remains that I have no sympathy for the current European civilization and do not understand its goals, if it has any. So I am really writing for friends who are scattered throughout the corners of the globe.
George Beahm, I, Steve: Steve Jobs In His Own Words|Growing up in Fitzgerald, I lived in an intense microcosm, where your neighbor knows what you're going to do even before you do, where you can recognize a family gene pool by the lift of an eyebrow, or the length of a neck, or a way of walking. What is said, what is left to the imagination, what is denied, withheld, exaggerated-all these secretive, inverted things informed my childhood. Writing the stories that I found in the box, I remember being particularly fascinated by secrets kept in order to protect someone from who you are. That protection, sharpest knife in the drawer, I absorbed as naturally as a southern accent. At that time, I was curious to hold up to the light glimpses of the family that I had so efficiently fled. We were remote-back behind nowhere-when I was growing up, but even so, enormous social change was about to crumble foundations. Who were we, way far South? "We're south of everywhere," my mother used to lament.
Stephen King, On Writing: A Memoir of the Craft|It starts with this: put your desk in the corner, and every time you sit down there to write, remind yourself why it isn't in the middle of the room. Life isn't a support system for art. It's the other way around.
Xenophon|It's no good being nice and young and naive. There's no good in that at all. You've got to do it all yourself, and you've gotta learn quick. And you can't look for sympathy either.
Carl Sagan|It is a challenge to love someone who does not see the divine as you do, and much harder still to date someone who considers your spirituality a design flaw in an otherwise worthwhile human being.
Prem Kishore, India: An Illustrated History|Over the years, the British had strategically pitted the Muslims against the Hindus, supporting the All India Muslim League and encouraging the notion that the Muslims were a distinct political community. Throughout British India, separate electorates had been offered to Muslims, underscoring their separateness from Hindus and sowing the seeds of communalism. Teh Morley-Minto reforms in 1908 had allowed direct election for seats and separate or communal representation for Muslims. This was the harbinger for the formation of the Muslim League in 1906. In 1940, the Muslim League, representing one-fifth of the total population of India, became a unifying force. They were resentful that they were not sufficiently represented in Congress and feared for the safety of Islam.
Sharon Nir|I was married, a mom, and a career woman—the holy trinity of women in the twenty-first century. The three expressions were truly distinct, but the unity of them created the essence. I must confess I felt in control, much more than I felt blessed.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|They beg you for transparency. Yet when you give them a peek behind the curtain shrouding your hear, they run in sheer fright.
Samuel Skillman|All the nightmares will come true, whether you try or not, but for your dreams to come true, you have to do everything.
Trae Crowder, The Liberal Redneck Manifesto: Draggin' Dixie Outta the Dark|Some of you from outside the South may be wondering why we’re emphasizing this irrefutable historical fact that everyone should know so strongly already. Well, it’s because there has been an unfortunate tendency down here to deflect as much attention as possible away from the atrocities that the South was responsible for before, during, and after the war, and to focus on the glory, the courage, and all that kind of shit instead. We name roads, schools, and parks after Confederate leaders. We erect statues in their honor. We revere them and honor them, all while ignoring the gigantic racist elephant in the room. 4 Look, it ain’t nothin’ wrong with glory and courage, and it’s completely legitimate to acknowledge the military greatness of some of the Confederacy’s leaders, but what’s not okay is to do so without also acknowledging their complicity in and tacit acceptance of one of the single most reprehensible and inhumane practices in human history. 5 It’s disingenuous. It’s cheap. It’s cowardly. We gotta cut that shit out. So, yes, we fought a war for slavery, and because sometimes the universe gets some shit right (waterfalls, potatoes, Scarlett Johansson), we lost. Which is another thing we apparently need to remind some of our fellow Southerners of. Not only did we fight a war for slavery, but we got our asses whupped. Until we can all agree to accept this and act accordingly, we’re never going to be able to move on. It’s nothing to be proud of, y’all—it really ain’t. We fought and we lost. But our defeat was a great victory for morality and for the country as a whole. Southerners tend to act as if the Civil War isn’t history but a scientific theory whose results can be disproven if discussed enough. It’s not. We lost. Get over it.
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|I'd been rejected, but I was still in love, so I decided to start over.
Peter F. Drucker|The knowledge that we consider knowledge proves itself in action. What we now mean by knowledge is information in action, information focused on results.
Terri Blackstock, Intervention|In her glamorous quest for the darkest light and the lowest high, she now found herself wallowing on the bottom of a filthy garbage bin.
Robert Byrne|Cinder flexed her tongue, testing it, and raised her voice."I am princess Selene."Levana leaned forward. "Your are an impostor!""And I am ready to claim what's mine. People of Artemisia, this is your chance. Renounce Levana as your queen and swear fealty to me, or I swear that when I wear that crown, very person in this room will be punished for their betrayal.
Jess Walter, Beautiful Ruins|All we have is the story we tell. Everything we do, every decision we make, our strength, weakness, motivation, history, and character-what we believe-none of it is real; it's all part of the story we tell.
Ernest Agyemang Yeboah, Distinctive Footprints of Life: Where Are You Heading Towards?|if you cannot ponder to wonder, you will always wonder to ponder
Rick Riordan|According to Festus, our flying table, Buford, made it back safely while we were in Charleston, so those eagles didn't get him. Unfortunately, he lost the laundry bag with your pants.""Dang it!" Frank Barked, which Leo figured was probably severe profanity for him.No doubt Frank would've cursed some more -busting out the golly gees and the gosh darns- but Percy interrupted by doubling over and groaning."Did the world just turn upside down?" he asked.Jason pressed his hands to his head. "Yeah, and it's spinning. Everything is yellow. Is it supposed to be yellow?
Matthew Goldfinger|There is a moral imperative to seeing mental health through the same lens we use for other pathologies or illnesses. Being sad or overwhelmed is normal, much as being short of breath after a run is normal. Both become abnormal when they happen with no apparent cause and are hard to stop. Those situations need medical attention.
Stephen Richards, The Pain You Feel Today Is The Strength You Feel Tomorrow|We are often so convinced that we are so hurt and in pain, so much so that we opt not to forgive. Yet, as a consequence, that is what will make you weak!
Émile Durkheim|When there is no other aim but to outstrip constantly the point arrived at, how painful to be thrown back!...Since imagination is hungry for novelty, and ungoverned, it gropes at random
Mehek Bassi|The term - 'Fairy-Tales' is so ironical in itself, when I sometimes sit to write love stories with a happy ending, it usually drags me into a dilemma whether, I should even begin with a love story at first place or not? Because honestly, I haven't seen many of them reaching climax, most of them just die out in the mid. Then comes the concept of fairy tales or what we say 'fiction', where nothing is impossible!But over time, if I've realized something, it is that there's no such term called fiction when it comes to reality! Its harsh, in-your-face-sarcastic, ironical and highly irrational. You can't expect what's coming up next, and how it's going to blow you. In the real life, the entire meaning of fiction ceases to exist. Conclusively, we writers, deal with harsh reality and write lively fictions, this job in itself is so ironical but, that's life...
Jonathan Safran Foer, Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close|When I heard your organization was recording testimonies, I knew I had to come. She died in my arms, saying 'I don't want to die.' That is what death is like. It doesn't matter what uniforms the soldiers are wearing. It doesn't matter how good the weapons are. I thought if everyone could see what I saw, we would never have war anymore.
Jennifer Donnelly, Revolution|I don't like hope very much. In fact, I hate it. It's the crystal meth of emotions. It hooks you fast and kills you hard. It's bad news. The worst. It's sharp sticks and cherry bombs. When hope shows up, it's only a matter of time until someone gets hurt.
Michael  Daugherty|Fear the howling of the demons in the darkness of your mind. Do not allow them to overshadow the light of your soul. Do not walk blindly into the darkness, or be snatched up by the wicked embrace of the devil.
Harley King, Mother, Don't Lock Me In That Closet!|Will you destroy something in order to make it beautiful?Will you avoid something in order to fall in love with it?Will you sacrifice something just so that you get it?Will you maintain distance from someone in order to get him close?We often make these mistakes.Life is short, every second counts, every moment is precious.Live at, live for and live always in present, for thats what you have right now with you, who knows what will tomorrow bring.
Adam Fletcher|Meaningful student involvement is the process of engaging students as partners in every facet of school change for the purpose strengthening their commitment to education, community & democracy.
Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy|This planet has - or rather had - a problem, which was this: most of the people living on it were unhappy for pretty much of the time. Many solutions were suggested for this problem, but most of these were largely concerned with the movement of small green pieces of paper, which was odd because on the whole it wasn't the small green pieces of paper that were unhappy.
Chris Evert|Being famous before you've formed your personality, before you have that self-esteem, is dangerous.
Terry Pratchett, Guards! Guards!|We met at a local restaurant.She tweeted from her Smartphone ,"Socializing is so liberating compared to being hung on Social media all the time".I liked her tweet and asked for the Bill.
Jerry Pinto, Em and The Big Hoom|An array of colorful camps dotted the river banks, like a garrison of army on a peace keeping mission. A mini India, many great nations. different people living in the same place, an inversion of the notion of nation.
Thomas Jefferson|Rejoicing in our joy, not suffering over our suffering, makes someone a friend.
Pawan Kalyan|I stay out of politics because if I begin thinking too much about politics, I'll probably... drop writing children's books and become a political cartoonist again.
H.P. Lovecraft|In search of Truth the hopeful zealot goes,But all the sadder tums, the more he knows!
Tony Snow|This enemy of peace in the world today is unlike any we have seen in the past, and our military is learning from, and building on, previous successes while carrying peace and freedom into the future.
A.E. Via|They were quiet for a long time and Day felt like he could fall asleep again until God’s rough voice broke into his haze.“You want to talk about it?”Day took a deep breath and thought carefully about his answer. God massaged his shoulders with his strong hands and Day almost said “he didn’t want to talk, he just wanted keep being massaged.” But there was something really important he needed to say.“Cash. Thank you for yesterday.” Day spun around in God’s arms and faced him. “I’ve never been that scared in my life. At first I felt that if I died now, then it’s okay, because I died while I was in love and I died staring into your eyes. But when you said what you said.” Day placed his palm over God’s heart and felt the rapid beat there and he closed his eyes. “You said you’d have no soul, no conscience, and you’d take your revenge. That’s when I got scared.”God cast his eyes down.“You have to promise me. If anything ever happens to me that you’d go on. That’s the only way I’d die in peace. You’d live for me. That you’d mourn me and then go on and love again. You’ve come so far in your life. The things you’ve endured and been through made you strong. Some men have gone through less and it drove them to do unthinkable things because they couldn’t handle the hand life dealt them. But you lived through it and now you’re a highly respected detective.” Day gripped God’s chin and lifted his head. He kissed him passionately. “And you’re the man I love.”Day didn’t need God to answer him in words, his eyes and his kiss said it all. He told Day that he’d live for him.
C.J. English, Affairytale|Was there a person in your life, who touched your heart, like nobody else, ever did, whose letters or gifts are still safe in your secret closet, whose memories still bring the deepest of smiles and whose name still leaves your lips trembling and heart racing? At some point in time you might have thought, “It’s not love”, and you let go , but a part of you keeps telling , ‘you shouldn’t have’, because deep down your heart, you feel the indelible presence of the one you still miss so badly.  Well; what is it then… “If it’s not love!!
Nina LaCour, Hold Still|He is Romeo, and he is heartbroken. Every word is wistful. When he says, 'O, teach me how I should forget to think!' I, for the first time, see what the big deal is about Shakespeare.
Bryan White|When I was in college, I wanted to be involved in things that would change the world.
Carl Paladino|Declining to go to church with my parents in the morning, I would ostentatiously set out for the Monist Society in the afternoon, down an obscure street which it seemed a little improper to be walking on, as everything was closed for Sunday, upstairs through a sort of side entrance over a saloon.
Stephen Harper|Since my retirement, I've spent a lot of time trying to help the School of Social Work at the University of North Carolina. A society like this just can't afford an uneducated underclass of citizens.
Linda Sue Park, A Single Shard|Women have their own braveries, their own mighty courageousness that is of woman, and not to be compared with the courage shown by man.
Israelmore Ayivor, The Great Hand Book of Quotes|Never play a blame game. Your feet are aching because you put them into a tight shoe... Nobody has it on; it's you who have it on! Your aims will help you to get out of trouble games, but not your blames!
Margaret Atwood, The Tent|We want to get there faster. Get where? Wherever we are not. But a human soul can only go as fast as a man can walk, they used to say. In that case, where are all the souls? Left behind. They wander here and there, slowly, dim lights flickering in the marshes at night, looking for us. But they're not nearly fast enough, not for us, we're way ahead of them, they'll never catch up. That's why we can go so fast: our souls don't weigh us down.
Jill Shalvis, Once in a Lifetime|Okay, first of all, I didn’t sleep with you to make amends. I slept with you because I wanted to.”He still didn’t say anything, and she pointed at him again. “And you know what? It was your own damn fault. It was those jeans you wear, and the tool belt. It was the size of your hammer!
Satin Russell, Secret Need|Let's do it fucking for real, Lara Jean. Let's go all in. No more contract. No more safety net. You can break my heart. Do whatever you want with it.
John Gray|Bias has to be taught. If you hear your parents downgrading women or people of different backgrounds, why, you are going to do that.
Masaru Emoto, Secret Life of Water|No one particular religion has been able to secure the exclusive rights for the power of prayer. No matter who you are, we all have the ability to take advantage of this amazing and wonderful power. Once you realize this, you will then be filled with the desire to help others realize this as well. More and more people are resonating with this understanding, and this could result in a more wonderful future for mankind. (165)
Nikolai Gogol, The Collected Tales of Nikolai Gogol|He never looks you straight in the eye; or if he does, it is somehow vaguely, indefinitely; he does not pierce you with the hawk's eye or the falcon's gaze of a cavalry officer. The reason for that is that he sees, at one and the same time, both your features and those of some plaster Hercules standing in his room, or else he imagines a painting of his own that he still means to produce. That is why his responses are often incoherent, not to the point, and the muddle of things in his head increases his timidity all the more.
Marie Lu, Champion|My heart's been torn wide open, just like I feared it would be, and I have no willpower to close it back up.
Alexandra Adornetto|I think people have to sharpen their eyes and look. I always feel like a big sponge: I feel like I learn lots of things by osmosis, and I feel that I'm always absorbing. I mean, when people say, 'What is your inspiration?' I could throw up. I mean, I'm inspired by the fact I get up in the morning. And I'm still here.
Debasish Mridha|With every sunrise, I rise with joy. My heart dances with love. I begin a new life fresh like a flower.
Patrick Rothfuss|When my father passed away, he had his organs donated. In that painful moment, I was deeply comforted knowing that my father would be able to give others a second chance at life. That is why I encourage everyone to sign up to be a donor.
Adam DeVine|It's always amazed me how little attention philosophers, psychologists, or anyone else actually has paid to humor.
Peter        Cunningham, The Sea and the Silence|On Christmas morning, Rebecca lost her moral virginity, her sense of humor - and her two best friends. But, other than that, it was a hell of a holiday.
April Cassidy, The Peaceful Wife|Becoming a godly wife is not about following a bunch of rules... If I am feeling overwhelmed and overburdened, I am probably trying to do this in my power, apart from the Spirit's strength.
Paul erik Van Schaick|People lose sight of their dreams, only to hold tight their fears.
Carew Papritz, The Legacy Letters: his Wife, his Children, his Final Gift|I travel to be replenished with beauty, for travel makes the beauty of this world seem like a Christmas that never ends. I travel for the jolting, angelic act of seeking strangeness and newness and profoundness . . .
S.A. Tawks, Mule|For you, I do morning price.
Gideon Haigh|[F]or all its reputation for conservatism, cricket in its history has demonstrated a remarkable capacity for innovation. What game has survived subjection to such extraordinary manipulations, having been prolonged to 10 days (in Durban 70 years ago), truncated to as few as 60 balls (in Hong Kong every year), and remained recognisable in each instance?
Steven Millhauser|The tatters of old stories are tangled, weathered, muted by long-held silences that succeeded loud feuds, and sometimes no doubt re-dyed a more flattering color.
Sheryl Sandberg|Looking back, it made no sense for my college friends and me to distance ourselves from the hard-won achievements of earlier feminists. We should have cheered their efforts. Instead, we lowered our voices, thinking the battle was over, and with this reticence we hurt ourselves.
Yasmina Khadra|You can know all there is to know about life and mankind, but what do you really know about yourself?
Eleanor Tomlinson|My father came from a very poor background, but I was very fortunate in the sense that we were never in need. My dad was determined to make sure that we didn't want for things. He wanted to give us more opportunity than he had, a better shot at a better life.
Sol Luckman, Snooze: A Story of Awakening|To be precise, there are three gems for healthy life: sufficient workouts, healthy food, and enough sleep.
Ann Makosinski|I thought of learning cinematography, so I assisted a cinematographer for an ad.
Robert Anthony|When it comes to racism, discrimination, corruption, public lies, dictatorships, and human rights, you have to take a stand as a reporter because I think our responsibility as journalist is to confront those who are abusing power.
Alfred Tennyson, The Complete Works of Alfred Tennyson|For I dipped into the future, far as human eye could see,Saw the Vision of the world, and all the wonder that would be.
Wyndham Lewis, The Art of Being Ruled|If you think like others, how can you be sure you're thinking at all?
Sarah Ruhl, In the Next Room, or the vibrator play|He was to them like the poet of a new school who takes his contemporaries by storm; who is not really new, but is the first to articulate what all his listeners have felt, though but dumbly till then.
Dianna Hardy, The Sands Of Time|Thinking this is "The One" becomes an excuse to let your own life deteriorate.
Andrew Motion|I’ve wanted many things in my life until I met you. Then I wanted nothing … except you. My existence is for you…” he looks at Ocean “… every part of you. Never doubt my love for you. If I’m breathing, I’m loving you. Only you … always you … forever you.
Rachel Caine, Ghost Town|Does it give you deja voodoo how alike the houses are?""That's deja vu, and I hate you right now.""For narcing on you to your mom? Wait until you hear what I tell your dad."From the sly grin on his face, she knew what he was thinking."Don't you even think about it.""I could tell him about the time we-""Hell, no.
Mehmet Murat ildan|✡ Before aligning the body to the future, the mind has to straighten out from the impairment of religion.
Ivanka Trump|If you have a dream, it's definitely achievable through hard work, through dedication, sacrifice, everything.
J.R.R. Tolkien, The Two Towers|Mercy!" cried Gandalf. "If the giving of knowledge is to be the cure of your inquisitiveness, I shall spend all the rest of my days in answering you. What more should you like to know?""The names of all the stars, and of all living things, and the whole history of Middle-Earth and Over-heave and of the Sundering Seas," laughed Pippin. "Of course! What less?
Juan Pablo Montoya|If I succeed in business but fail as a father, then I've failed.
Robert Louis Stevenson, The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde and Other Tales of Terror|He was fond of saying, "There is a bravery of the priest as well as the bravery of a colonel of dragoons,--only," he added, "ours must be tranquil.
Debasish Mridha|You are beautiful, not only because of your beauty, because of who you are.
Anonymous|Everything is temporary; Emotions, thoughts, people and scenery. Do not become attached, just flow with it.
Russ Ramsey, Struck: One Christian's Reflections on Encountering Death|There is something holy about taking up the task of stewarding a life, especially our own. If we come to this work at all, we must come with humble expectations and a willingness to be led. We submit to the process, trusting that the science is sound, even when what we’re called to do hurts.
Adam Christopher, Made to Kill|Machines can't lie," I said, lying through my circuits.
Mark Mustian, The Gendarme|Time stretches and calms, but still we reach, for we belonged then. We want to know. Sometimes that knowledge is painful, or inconvenient, or even damning. But it is essential. It exposes us for what we have been, and can be.
Alexandra Daddario|Keep America strong. Strong in our values, strong in our economy, and strong in our military might. We hope to never have to use our military strength, but the world counts on a strong America to keep the worst actors from doing the worst things.
Stefan Zweig|We have need of history in its entirety, not to fall back into it, but to see if we can escape from it.
Martin Luther King Jr.|I remembered those frantic seconds when I’d thought all I loved and knew, all that was Sydney Sage, would be lost from this world. My battered friends and I had just had a brush with death, dancing with this evil. We’d destroyed it, but it was terrifying how touch and go it all had been. At any moment, the Strigoi could have gained the advantage and killed one or all of us. Life and death were inextricably bound together, and we wavered between them. But we’d triumphed over death tonight. We were alive, and the world was beautiful. Life was beautiful, and I refused to waste mine.
Leroy Hood|Your genome sequence will become a vital part of your medical record, thereby providing critical information about how to optimize your wellness.
Ariana Grande|If people are given the chance to experience life in more than one country, they will hate a little less. It's not a miracle potion, but little by little you can solve problems in the basement of a country, not on the surface.
Diyar Harraz, After the Storm|People tell me I excel in Public Relations, what I suck at are private affairs.
Susane Colasanti, Take Me There|When you have to do something, you have to do it. Putting it off only makes it worse. Believe me, I know.
Eoin Colfer|Moon and SeaYou are the moon, dear love, and I the sea:The tide of hope swells high within my breast,And hides the rough dark rocks of life's unrestWhen your fond eyes smile near in perigee.But when that loving face is turned from me,Low falls the tide, and the grim rocks appear,And earth's dim coast-line seems a thing to fear.You are the moon, dear one, and I the sea.
Yann Martel, Life of Pi|The main battlefield for good is not the open ground of the public arena but the small clearing of each heart. Meanwhile, the lot of widows and homeless children is very hard, and it is to their defense, not God's, that the self-righteous should rush.
Annie Dillard, Pilgrim at Tinker Creek|I was in no tent under leaves, sleepless and glad. There was no moon at all; along the world’s coasts the sea tides would be springing strong. The air itself also has lunar tides; I lay still. Could I feel in the air an invisible sweep and surge, and an answering knock in the lungs? Or could I feel the starlight? Every minute on a square mile of this land one ten thousandth of an ounce of starlight spatters to earth. What percentage of an ounce did that make on my eyes and cheeks and arms, tapping and nudging as particles, pulsing and stroking as waves?
Lamees Alhassar, A Daily Dose of Wisdom: A Quote a Day Keeps the Doctor Away|If you want to be happy, then be happy. Misery is a choice.
Eugene Kennedy|My buildings should have an emotional core - a space which, in itself, has an emotional nice feeling.
Brian Yorkey, Next to Normal|They're the perfect loving fam'ly, so adoring...And I love them ev'ry day of ev'ry week.So my son's a little shit, my husband's boring,And my daughter, though a genius, is a freak.
Margarita Engle, The Surrender Tree: Poems of Cuba's Struggle for Freedom|If we knew how to find the lost, we would know how to rediscover the parts of our mindsleft behindin battle.
Patrick Rothfuss, The Wise Man's Fear|I was one of those. I meddled with dark powers. Isummoned demons. I ate the entire little cheese, including the rind.
Mark Slouka, God's Fool|...like a small stone deflected off a larger one, my brother had spun off toward the Almighty, though to my mind the events of that morning could just as well have cast him the other way.
Vashti Quiroz-Vega|Words! What power they hold. Once they have rooted in your psyche, it is difficult to escape them. Words can shape the future of a child and destroy the existence of an adult.Words are powerful. Be careful how you use them because once you have pronounced them, you cannot remove the scar they leave behind.
Vita Sackville-West, The Letters of Vita Sackville-West and Virginia Woolf|Damn you, spoilt creature; I shan’t make you love me any the more by giving myself away like this.
Keary Taylor, What I Didn't Say|Sometimes I feel like all the crap in the world is building up inside me, like all the bad is just filling me like a balloon. I push it all back, live my happy life.But sometimes that balloon exposed and all the crap lands on everything around me.
Suenammi Richards, Sandra's Social|I sit here with you now with one sure answer. Love is the most potent bond, the most elaborate trap, the most irresistible object, and the most lethal weapon. I am everything with it, and nothing without it.
Pierre Teilhard de Chardin|When you have a baby, when you feel his love, you feel so at peace with the world. You just want to share the good news and share how happy you feel.
Gloria Steinem|There is no more an enthusiastic advocate of legal immigration in the U.S. Senate than I am, and that is a message that resonates powerfully in the Hispanic community.
Jane McGonigal, SuperBetter: A Revolutionary Approach to Getting Stronger, Happier, Braver and More Resilient - Powered by the Science of Games|Over time, even the tiniest meaningful actions add up, each one bringing you closer to a life that is truer to your dreams and free of regret.
Lisa Ko, The Leavers|(Regarding the Roosevelt Tram along Queensboro Bridge):"They had it renovated by the French. French cars. French cables. Cables that surrender! Would you ride in a tram that surrenders? I sure as hell wouldn't!
Desmond Tutu, The Book of Forgiving: The Fourfold Path for Healing Ourselves and Our World|All modern humans are related to what scientists call "Mitochondrial Eve." This refers to our common matrilineal ancestor. She lived approximately 200,000 years ago and depending on how you estimate the length of a generation, we are only 5,000 to 10,000 generations from one another. To put it another way, each of us is a cousin of one another at most 10,000 times removed. And yes, Mitochondrial Eve lived in Africa, so, in a very real way, we are all Africans.
Elena Ferrante, The Story of a New Name|Maybe I should tell her that things without meaning are the most beautiful ones. It’s a good sentence, she’ll like it.
Damien Keown, Buddhism: A Very Short Introduction|Zen has a pronounced iconoclastic tendency, and regards the study of texts, doctrines, and dogmas as a potential hindrance to spiritual awakening, relying instead on humour, spontaneity, unconventionality, poetry, and other forms of artistic expression to communicate the idea of enlightenment
Andrew James Pritchard|To become a writer a person must read constantly, the more varied the writers and their material then all the better. One must also have a lot of life experience, travel to exotic locations and live among the local people. Yet most importantly a writer needs the determination to keep at their writing regardless of what others might say or think about it
Tom Stoppard, Arcadia|A little nonsense now and then, is cherished by the wisest men.
Neith Boyce|I take the only desire one can really permit oneself. Freedom, Alvah, freedom.”“You call that freedom?”“To ask nothing. To expect nothing. To depend on nothing.
Hillary Clinton|I therefore claim to show, not how men think in myths, but how myths operate in men's minds without their being aware of the fact.
Abhijit Naskar, In Search of Divinity: Journey to The Kingdom of Conscience|Through the sacred verses filled with violence and self-righteousness, the minds of the angry individuals find a way to get rid of all their misery. At that unstable state of consciousness, they are drawn to the description of the Holy War. They visualize a glimmer of hope. They feel absolutely immersed in it. Finally when they emerge as holy warriors, they are no longer humans, from the emotional perspective. They emerge as wild beasts, neurologically almost unable to feel human emotions, like empathy, love, kindness and compassion. Consequently the whole world faces the wrath of the most primitive of all human elements in the name of God’s judgment.
Namekojirushi, I Saved Too Many Girls and Caused the Apocalypse: Volume 2|The steam was thicker than expected and surprisingly easy to scoop up. Inside her mouth it swelled twice its original size and then burst into a series of delicate favors: savory cream sauce, then toasted cheese, and finally vanilla ice cream with a tinge of hazelnut.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|[Multitudes] have never been born again. They will go into eternity lost—while thinking they are saved because they belong to the church, or were baptized.
Israelmore Ayivor, Daily Drive 365|You want to achieve your dreams early, right? I know of only one back door; that's HARDWORK. Only few people use that entrance so the advantage is that there is no or less traffic there!
Elizabeth George, Loving God with All Your Mind Interactive Workbook|Learn from the past, log the lessons from the past, butleave the past!
Alysia Reiner|We will all, someday, experience death, and become obsolete as a dead leaf falling from a tree, crushed by passersby to ashes underlying the earth.
Theodore Roosevelt|It is not the critic who counts; not the man who points out how the strong man stumbles, or where the doer of deeds could have done them better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena, whose face is marred by dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who errs, who comes short again and again, because there is no effort without error and shortcoming; but who does actually strive to do the deeds; who knows great enthusiasms, the great devotions; who spends himself in a worthy cause; who at the best knows in the end the triumph of high achievement, and who at the worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly, so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who neither know victory nor defeat.
Suzy Kassem, Rise Up and Salute the Sun: The Writings of Suzy Kassem|FAITH IS THE EMPEROR OF DREAMSA great emperor is born from one tiny sperm.A large eagle grows from one small egg.A giant tree grows from one tiny seedling.For the newborn and wise,Everything begins small.However, it is faith that buildsthe staircase to your dreams.Always have faith in yourselfand the universe,For one will not get you anywherewithout the other.Both must be equally strong to reach your desires,For they are the wings that will lift you to your dreams.Not a single bird makes its first leap From a tree without faith.And not a single animal in the junglestarts each day without faith.Faith is the flame that eliminates fear,And faith is the true emperorof dreams.
Siddhartha Mukherjee|I wonder if much that ails our society stems from the fact that we have allowed ourselves to be cut off from that love of, and from, the land. It is medicine for broken land and empty hearts.
Gina Bellman|A relationship is hard in and of itself. And having kids is really hard work, but I think it's really meaningful, as is a relationship. But they all take work.
Courtney Maum, I Am Having So Much Fun Here Without You|In the end, that's why some of us stupid humans get married. Because we know that we can lose each other and find each other again.
Louise Penny, Bury Your Dead|That was the danger. Not that betrayals happened, not that cruel things happened, but that they could outweigh all the good. That we could forget the good and only remember the bad.
Colin A. Ross, The C.I.A. Doctors: Human Rights Violations by American Psychiatrists|And then something happened. It was a fragment of time, a breath of time. It was like being in a car in pouring rain and driving under an overpass, and for just that second there is a profound, powerful sense of reprieve- the utter silence of non-rain.
Simone Elkeles, Perfect Chemistry|You call that a kiss?""Yep."Okay, so I'm in shock the girl put my hand on her creamy cheek. Damn, you'd think I was on drugs by the way my body reacted.She had me totally under her spell a minute ago. Then the pretty witch turned my game around so she was the one with the upper hand.
Saji Ijiyemi|Having a head is not enough, you must get ahead
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|Faith in Christ is voluntary. A person cannot be coerced, bribed, or tricked into trusting Jesus. God will not force His way into your life. The Holy Spirit will do everything possible to disturb you, draw you, love you—but finally it is your personal decision.
Bill Hader|My mom, dad, grandparents, we all do voices.
Orville Wright|Power is domination, control, and therefore a very selective form of truth which is a lie.
Diana Dentinger, Modus Vivendi: Your Life Your Way|Your real personality identity is not an option, it is the foundation for your happiness and health.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|How would your life be different if your religion was love, and your spirituality was governed by kindness? How would the world be different if everyone did this?
Kamand Kojouri|The more we surrender to what cannot be, the better we control what can be.
Sandra Cisneros|Forgiveness is the answer to the child's dream of a miracle by which what is broken is made whole again, what is soiled is made clean again.
Nnedi Okorafor, Kabu Kabu|We all must travel,' the driver said, keeping his eyes on the way ahead. His hands grasped the wheel firmly. 'It is the essence of all things, to move and change and keep going forward and backward and around. Even the spirits and the dead.
Francis Thompson|Where is the land of Luthany,Where is the tract of Elenore?I am bound therefore.'Pierce thy heart to find the key;With thee takeOnly what none else would keep;Learn to dream when thou dost wake;Learn to wake when thou dost sleep.Learn to water joy with tears,Learn from fears to vanquish fears;To hope, for thou dar'st not despair;Exult, for that thou dar'st not grieve;Plough thou the rock until it bear;Know, for thou else couldst not believe;Lose, that the lost thou may'st receive;Die, for none other way canst live.'When earth and heave lay down their veil,And that apocalypse turns thee pale;When thy seeing blindeth theeTo what thy fellow-mortals see;When their sight to thee is sightless;Their living, death; their light, most lightless;Search no more--Pass the gates of Luthany,Tread the region Elenore!'Where is the land of Luthany?And where the region Elenore?I do faint therefore.'When to the new eyes of theeAll things by immortal power,Near or far,HiddenlyTo each other linked are,That thou canst not stir a flowerWithout troubling of a star;When thy song is shield and mirrorTo the fair snake curled pain,Where thou dar'st affront her terrorThat on her thou may'st attainPersean Conquest; seek no more,O seek no more!Pass the gates of Luthany,Tread the region Elenore!
Chase Weir|Not knowing is not a problem, not wondering is.
Daniel Abraham, Unfettered|It registers that I am sitting there topless, but this body I am in doesn't feel like mine anymore so the half-nakedness seems irrelevant, like a rumor, something I'm supposed to care about but don't.
I.W. Gregorio, None of the Above|Girls love each other like animals. There is something ferocious and unself-conscious about it. We don't guard ourselves like we do with boys. No one trains us to shield our hearts from each other. With girls, it's total vulnerability from the beginning. Our skin is bare and soft. We love with claws and teeth and the blood is just proof of how much. It's feral.And it's relentless.
Pat Conroy, South of Broad|I'm self-sufficient. I spend a lot of time on my own and I shut off quite easily. When I communicate, I communicate 900 per cent, then I shut off, which scares people sometimes.
Cher|America is a knowledge-based society, where information counts as much as material resources. Therefore those with the power to define what qualifies as knowledge - to determine what are the accepted facts - wield the greatest social and political power.
Edward Lewis Wallant, The Tenants of Moonbloom|Courage, Love, Illusion (or dream, if you will) -- he who possesses all three, or two, or at least one of these things wins whatever there is to win; those who lack all three are the failures.
Gail Carriger, Manners & Mutiny|Behavior speaks… Before you even open your mouth, your actions have told me who you are and what you’re about.
Barbara W. Tuchman, The March of Folly: From Troy to Vietnam|Chief among the forces affecting political folly is lust for power, named by Tacitus as "the most flagrant of all passions.
Natalie Standiford, How to Say Goodbye in Robot|Ehe, 24 hours have gone from my father dead. It was yesterday, he suicided yesteday in the morning. Even and more than 24 hours!
Marvin Ammori|It is not wealth one asks for, but just enough to preserve one's dignity, to work unhampered, to be generous, frank and independent.
Robert A. Heinlein, Time Enough for Love|There is no conclusive evidence of life after death, but there is no evidence of any sort against it. Soon enough you will know, so why fret about it?
Joshua McCune, Invisible Monsters|Not very smart," Chudo-Yudo growled. "Stalking a Baba Yaga." He showed a set of sharp white teeth. "Maybe he has a death wish. I could help with that You want me to eat him?
Laila Ibrahim, Yellow Crocus|From the trunk of their scheme, choices and decisions sprouted like branches and shoots.
Steve Maraboli, Unapologetically You: Reflections on Life and the Human Experience|My love for you spans over the lines of my past, present, and future. You are what I love remembering, what I love experiencing, and what I love looking forward to.
Lois Greiman, One Hot Mess|When blondes have more fun, do they know it?
Hunter S. Thompson, Hell's Angels: A Strange and Terrible Saga|So long as tyranny exists, in whatever form, man's deepest aspiration must resist it as inevitably as man must breathe.
Jeremy Caldwell|We can either own our circumstances and be creative in them, or we can throw up our hands and say, I cannot be held accountable because the conditions are not ideal.
Paul karan|Feeling like I have thorns on my body everywhere, That's by nobody want to stay in my life, They just come and leave me by saying you are everything I can wish for but they need time to be sure and after that they disappear and never come back !!
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|With every new day come the Lord’s great love, grace and mercies.
Ivanka Trump|Whenever you get to change somebody's life or watch it and see it happen, it's amazing.
Ray Bradbury|Please, please, help me grow to be like them, the ones'll soon be here, who never grow old, can't die, that's what they say, can't die, no matter what, or maybe they died a long time ago but Cecy calls, and Mother and Father call, and Grandmere who only whispers, and now they're coming and I'm nothing, not like them who pass through walls and live in trees or live underneath until seventeen-year rains flood them up and out, and the ones who run in packs, let me be the one! If they live forever, why not me?
Ratan Tata|Every human being in this world is interested in certain things. Everybody has a hobby. Some people like art; I know nothing about it. Some people like books, some people like fishing, some people like music. I like to look at cars.
Deborah Blake, Wickedly Dangerous|I love you," he said, holding her close and running his fingers through her tangled hair as if he couldn't believe she was still in his arms. "I think you've cast a spell on me, wicked witch that you are."	Baba thought that if this is what it meant to be wicked, she was all for it.
Steve Maraboli|It's pretty generally understood that men don't aspire after the absolute right, but only to do about as well as the rest of the world. Now, when any one speaks up, like a man, and says slavery is necessary to us, we can't get along without it, we should be beggared if we give it up, and, of course, we mean to hold on to it,—this is strong, clear, well-defined language; it has the respectability of truth to it; and, if we may judge by their practice, the majority of the world will bear us out in it. But when he begins to put on a long face, and snuffle, and quote Scripture, I incline to think he isn't much better than he should be.
Carol Queen, PoMoSexuals: Challenging Assumptions About Gender and Sexuality|She exuded a raw, animal magnetism that left boys like me tongue-tied, and made men ignore their wives and crowd up close.
Silvia Flores, Blood and Dust|There’s real evil, Mr Honey. Not that existential crap, either.
Marcus Sedgwick|What a skeletal wreck of man this is.Translucent flesh and feeble bones,the kind of temple where the whores and villains try to tempt the holistic domes.Running rampid with free thought to free form, and the free and clear.When the matters at hand are shelled out like lint at alaundry mat to sift and focus on the bigger, better, now.We all have a little sin that needs venting,virtues for the rending and laws and systems and stems are rippedfrom the branches of office, do you know where your post entails? Do you serve a purpose, or purposely serve?When in doubt inside your atavistic allure, the value of a summer spent, and a winter earned.For the rest of us, there is always Sunday.The day of the week the reeks of rest, but all we do is catch our breath,so we can wade naked in the bloody pool, and place our hand on the big, black book.To watch the knives zigzag between our aching fingers.A vacation is a countdown, T minus your life andcounting, time to drag your tongue across the sugar cube,and hope you get a taste.WHAT THE FUCK IS ALL THIS FOR?WHAT THE HELL’S GOING ON? SHUT UP!I can go on and on but lets move on, shall we?Say, your me, and I’m you, and they all watch the things we do,and like a smack of spite they threw me down the stairs,haven’t felt like this in years.The great magnet of malicious magnanimous refuse, let me go,and punch me into the dead spout again.That’s where you go when there’s no one else around,it’s just you, and there was never anyone to begin with, now was there?Sanctimonious pretentious dastardly bastards with their thumb on the pulse,and a finger on the trigger.CLASSIFIED MY ASS! THAT’S A FUCKING SECRET, AND YOU KNOW IT!Government is another way to say better…than…you.It’s like ice but no pick, a murder charge that won’t stick,it’s like a whole other world where you can smell the food,but you can’t touch the silverware.Huh, what luck. Fascism you can vote for.Humph, isn’t that sweet?And we’re all gonna die some day, because that’s the American way,and I’ve drunk too much, and said too little,when your gaffer taped in themiddle, say a prayer, say a face, get your self together and see what’s happening.SHUT UP! FUCK YOU! FUCK YOU!I’m sorry, I could go on and on buttheir times to move on so, remember: you’re a wreck, an accident.Forget the freak, your just nature.Keep the gun oiled, and the temple cleaned shit snort,and blaspheme, let the heads cool, and the engine run.Because in the end, everything we do, is just everything we’ve done.
Hubert Selby Jr.|Being an artist doesn't take much. Just everything you got. Which means of course that as the process is giving you life, it is also bringing you closer to death. But it's no big deal. They are one in the same and cannot be avoided or denied. So when I totally embrace this process, this life/death, and abandon myself to it completely, I transcend all this gibberish and hang out with the gods. It seems to me that that is worth the price of admission.
Barry Graham, Kill Your Self: Life After Ego|Render unto meditation the things that are meditation’s, and unto medication the things that are medication’s.
Paulo Coelho, Aleph|When we grow up, we find ways to hide our anxieties, our loneliness, our fear and sorrow. But children hide nothing, putting everything into their tears, which they spread liberally about for the whole world to see.
Linda Chavez|Mr. Speaker, the fact of the matter is that the Ten Commandments are a historical document that contains moral, ethical, and legal truisms that any person of any religion or even an atheist can recognize and appreciate.
Yves Behar|I am always looking for ways to move technology away from being over-featured. Moving to Silicon Valley in the mid-1990s meant I grew up as a designer in an environment where technology is a tool and not a means to an end. I believe that design should be driven by ideas, not style.
Debasish Mridha|The mind is an instrument made up of universal consciousness, egocentric consciousness, societal consciousness, along with education, values, virtues, judgment and wisdom.
Jean Faustin Louembe|I believe in movement. I believe in that lighthearted balloon, the world. I believe in midnight and the hour of noon. But what else do I believe in? Sometimes everything. Sometimes nothing. It fluctuates like light flitting over a pond. I believe in life, which one day each of us shall lose. When we are young we think we won’t, that we are different. As a child I thought I would never grow up, that I could will it so. And then I realized, quite recently, that I had crossed some line, unconsciously cloaked in the truth of my chronology. How did we get so damn old? I say to my joints, my iron-colored hair. Now I am older than my love, my departed friends. Perhaps I will live so long that the New York Public Library will be obliged to hand over the walking stick of Virginia Woolf. I would cherish it for her, and the stones in her pocket. But I would also keep on living, refusing to surrender my pen.
Lauren DeStefano, Sever|Ivanov: I am a bad, pathetic and worthless individual. One needs to be pathetic, too, worn out and drained by drink, like Pasha, to be still fond of me and to respect me. My God, how I despise myself! I so deeply loathe my voice, my walk, my hands, these clothes, my thoughts. Well, isn't that funny, isn't that shocking? Less than a year ago I was healthy and strong, I was cheerful, tireless, passionate, I worked with these very hands, I could speak to move even Philistines to tears, I could cry when I saw grief, I became indignant when I encountered evil. I knew inspiration, I knew the charm and poetry of quiet nights when from dusk to dawn you sit at your desk or indulge you mind with dreams. I believed, I looked into the future as into the eyes of my own mother... And now, my God, I am exhausted, I do not believe, I spend my days and nights in idleness.
Jessica Khoury, The Forbidden Wish|Something wonderful has happened to me. I was carried up into the seventh heaven. There all the gods sat assembled. By special grace I was granted the favor of a wish. "Will you," said Mercury, "have youth, or beauty, or power, or a long life, or the most beautiful maiden, or any of the other glories we have in the chest? Choose, but only one thing." For a moment I was at a loss. Then I addressed myself to the gods as follows: "Most honorable contemporaries, I choose this one thing, that I may always have the laugh on my side." Not one of the gods said a word, on the contrary, they all began to laugh. Hence, I concluded that my request was granted, and found that the gods knew how to express themselves with great taste; for it would hardly have been suitable for them to answer gravely: "It is granted thee".
Seth Adam Smith, Rip Van Winkle and the Pumpkin Lantern|You cannot defeat darkness by running from it, nor can you conquer your inner demons by hiding them from the world. In order to defeat the darkness, you must bring it into the light.
Amit Kalantri|Obsession and desperation for your goal, gets you the goal.
Blake Shelton|See, 'A Time to Kill' was the one I got famous off of. Big ka-boom, over one weekend. After that, I did films that I really wanted to do.
Cat Stevens|Those are the same stars, and that is the same moon, that look down upon your brothers and sisters, and which they see as they look up to them, though they are ever so far away from us, and each other.
Robert Lynn Asprin, Myth Conceptions|Gentlemen, when the enemy is committed to a mistake we must not interrupt him too soon.
Rick Riordan, The Son of Neptune|Tyson put his hand on Grover´s shoulder "I -I will go with him."I couldn´t believe I was hearing this. "Tyson are you sure?"The big guy nodded. "Goat boy needs help. We will find the god person. I am not like Hephaestus. I trust friends.
Georgia Kakalopoulou, Sands  of  Passion|- “How about flipping a coin;” she made a pretty remark and the two women turned around andlooked at her irritated.- “That's right, go ahead, jock about it. You are not the one trying to change her heart, I am, and youknow damn well how painful that can be!”Sand of Passion
Khalid Masood|I took a part-time editing job to pay the rent. It was work I could do at home, but when suddenly I was expected to spend two days a week in the office, I quit, bought an ice cream cone, and walked the sunny streets of Manhattan.
Paul Dirac|When I was in elementary school, I was very interested in science already. I must have been ten or eleven years old. I started experiments with chemistry sets at my home in Mexico. I was able to borrow a bathroom and convert it to a laboratory. My parents supported it. They were pleased. My friends just tolerated it.
Jeanette Winterson, Written on the Body|You have a dress with a décolletage to emphasise your breasts. I suppose the cleavage is the proper focus but what I wanted to do was to fasten my index finger and thumb at the bolts of your collar bone, push out, spreading the web of my hand until it caught against your throat. You asked me if I wanted to strangle you. No, I wanted to fit you, not just in the obvious ways but in so many indentations.
Thich Nhat Hanh, No Mud, No Lotus: The Art of Transforming Suffering|Stay present, stay conscious.
Emma McLaughlin|Primarily, 'Black Girl/White Girl' is the story of two very different, yet somehow 'fated' girls; for Genna, her 'friendship' with Minette is the most haunting of her life, though it is one-sided and ends in tragedy.
Jennifer Michael Hecht, Doubt: A History: The Great Doubters and Their Legacy of Innovation from Socrates and Jesus to Thomas Jefferson and Emily Dickinson|Those are the only to verbalizations usually that we make in movies—either to scream or to laugh—because those two reactions are rather close. Most things we laugh at are things that are really horrible, when you think about them. It’s funny and you don’t scream, as long as it’s not you. If it’s somebody else you can laugh.
Wynter Wilkins, Strigoi|And honestly, given the choice of facing my mother or a vampire, I think I'd always choose the latter.
William Shakespeare, Shakespeare's Sonnets|If thou wilt leave me, do not leave me last,When other petty griefs have done their spite,But in the onset come: so shall I tasteAt first the very worst of fortune’s might;And other strains of woe, which now seem woe,Compar’d with loss of thee will not seem so.
Veronica Roth, Four: A Divergent Story Collection|Or take a vacation. Everywhere in America is pretty much the same, and I don't recommend going overseas, not with the way the world regards us. It's just not safe now, safe being one of those words like free or clean or sincere that can never be said without the invisible quotation marks anymore, but still. You should get away.
Eileen Anglin|All the Creator's children are blessed with gifts. We are all given special skills to assist each other her, including animals, plants and insects.
John Green, The Fault in Our Stars|We rarely consider that we're also formed by the decisions we didn't make, by events that could have happened but didn't, or by our lack of choices, for that matter.
Erik Qualman|Investing in management means building communication systems, business processes, feedback, and routines that let you scale the business and team as efficiently as possible.
Marilyn Monroe|Productive givers focus on acting in the long-term best interests of others, even if it's not pleasant. They have the courage to give the critical feedback we prefer not to hear, but truly need to hear. They offer tough love, knowing that we might like them less, but we'll come to trust and respect them more.
Eudora Welty|In children's art class we sat in a ring of kindergarten chairs and drew three daffodils that had just been picked out of the yard; and while I was drawing, my sharpened yellow pencil and the cup of the yellow daffodil gave off wiffs just alike. That the pencil doing the drawing should give off the same smell of the flower it drew seemed part of the art lesson - as shouldn't it be? Children, like animals use all their sense to discover the world. Then artists come along and discover it the same way, all over again. Here and there, it's the same world. Or now and then we'll hear from an artist who's never lost it.
Dodie Smith|My imagination longs to dash ahead and plan developments; but I have noticed that when things happen in one's imagination, they never happen in one's life.
Andrea Zuvich, His Last Mistress|Whenever doubts become a crime... whenever parents become afraid their children might turn them in; a country where the power of the government is mired inextricably with the jurisdiction and the executive, where you have three secret polices spying on the population and people disappear without a word, that is not my country... My country and Nazi Germany, those are two very different places. And I dearly hope I’ll live to see the day when the latter one falls.
Bayard Rustin|Education is that whole system of human training within and without the school house walls, which molds and develops men.
Al Franken|If everything is amplified, we hear nothing.
J.D. Stroube, Caged in Spirit|Once I was free; there was no cage that could bind me, and I had yet to create my box of numbness within my mind to be my silent protector.
Sophie Scholl|I know that life is a doorway to eternity, and yet my heart so often gets lost in petty anxieties. It forgets the great way home that lies before it.
Donald Trump|It's funny what memory does, isn't it? My favorite holiday tradition might not have happened more than once or twice. But because it is such a good memory, so encapsulating of everything I love about the holidays, in my mind it happened every year. Without fail.
Libba Bray, Lair of Dreams|He takes a draw on a cigarette, blows out a smoky ghost. I reach to catch the phantom in my hands, but it eludes me. I've been trying to catch a ghost for as long as I can remember.
Karl Pilkington|I'm just a guy who happens to work in public from time to time. I've built a reputation as an established comic, not as a celebrity - a celebrity is someone who is famous but doesn't do anything.
Shel Silverstein, A Light in the Attic|There's a Polar BearIn our Frigidaire--He likes it 'cause it's cold in there.With his seat in the meatAnd his face in the fishAnd his big hairy pawsIn the buttery dish,He's nibbling the noodles,And munching the rice,He's slurping the soda,He's licking the ice.And he lets out a roarIf you open the door.And it gives me a scareTo know he's in there--That Polary BearIn our Fridgitydaire.
Jonathan Kellerman|Architecture is basically a container of something. I hope they will enjoy not so much the teacup, but the tea.
J.K. Rowling|These friendly eyes, these lustful eyes, these hopeless, sad, dispirited eyes, these energetic amber eyes needing no escape, these serpent's eyes, cat's eyes, sorcerer's eyes, the eyes of future family men, funeral directors, and unsuspecting officers of the law, the mischievous eyes of plotters and planners, soon-to-be soldiers, or underworld attorneys on retainer, the eyes of maniacs and fanatics, hipsters and wallflowers, dreamers and the object of dreams, I gazed into them all and knew that they were human eyes, each pair offering insight toward a new tomorrow.
Mark Batterson|Gratitude, not guilt, as motivation is always His starting point, thus guilt as a motivation leads nowhere.
William Shakespeare, Shakespeare's Sonnets|O, let my books be then the eloquenceAnd dumb presagers of my speaking breast;Who plead for love, and look for recompense,More than that tongue that more hath more express'd.O, learn to read what silent love hath writ:To hear with eyes belongs to love's fine wit.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Remember no more your misery, listen to good music.
Joanne Harris, The Gospel of Loki|Well, that's history for you, folks. Unfair, untrue and for the most part written by folk who weren't even there.
Molly O'Keefe|People spend hours constantly checking and tweeting and Facebooking. And it's cool to check up on your friends and see what's going on in the world, but it's not cool to spend five hours of your day on the computer looking at the Internet.
Eveli Acosta, Love Rubi|Put your mouth on mine, Little Raven. I’m ready for a taste of lemon cake,” he said in a deep and tumbling voice.“Maybe I’m not so sweet,” I whispered, wetting my lower lip with a sweep of my tongue.Logan’s eyes followed every movement, and he licked his lips in response. “I want your mouth… on my mouth. Do it, or else I’ll have to find something else to kiss.
Vincent van Gogh|A great fire burns within me, but no one stops to warm themselves at it, and passers-by only see a wisp of smoke
Marcel Proust, Swann's Way|Jealousy is both reasonable and belongs to reasonable men, while envy is base and belongs to the base, for the one makes himself get good things by jealousy, while the other does not allow his neighbor to have them through envy.
Lauren Graham|The vocal arrangements are a big part of the formula for a Bad Religion song - layered harmonies and background vocals. So when I start to describe the elements of Bad Religion's sound, it starts to sound like a Christmas choir.
|Ever since happiness heard your name, it has been running through the streets trying to find you.
Janvier Chouteu-Chando|Most people have this tendency to make judgments on others based on preconceptions, especially when they are dealing with them for the first time.
Graham Parke, Unspent Time|I didn't want to do it,' Kiala said. 'The universe just kind of conspired to force me to make a fool of myself. It does that quite a lot, actually.
Sara Zarr, Sweethearts|Okay, then, what was he like? Just give me something to go on so that I have a shot at him!''A shot at him? Are you on an elk hunt?
Joyce Cary, The Horse's Mouth|Girl going past clinging to a young man's arm. Putting up her face like a duck to the moon. Drinking joy. Green in her eyes. Spinal curvature. No chin, mouth like a frog. Young man like a pug. Gazing down at his sweetie with the face of a saint reading the works of God. Hold on, maiden, you've got him. He's your boy. Look out, Puggy, that isn't a maiden you see before you, it's a work of imagination. Nail him, girlie. Nail him to the contract. Fly laddie, fly off with your darling vision before she turns into a frow, who spends all her life thinking of what the neighbours think.
Andrew Bridge, Hope's Boy|You see, here's my theory: Kids chase the love that eludes them, and for me, that was my father's love. He kept it tucked away, like papers in a briefcase. And I kept trying to get in there.
Cristiano Ronaldo|As long as you know yourself and you got good people around you and you passionate about what you do, that's all that matters because at the end of the day, you go to sleep with the people you love, you wake up with the people you love, and you spend your time with the people you love.
Matthew J. Hefti, A Hard And Heavy Thing|Oh God, what do we do?""Do?" Levi said, looking oddly triumphant, like his plans for the night had finally materialized, Like he had been hoping for some disaster like this to happen so he didn't have to be bored anymore. Like even a dying girl in his bathtub was better than calling his mother to confirm that his grandfather actually was dead, and that what he had heard on the answering machine wasn't a mere auditory hallucination. "We save her, of course.
Quetzal|The little boy who never grew up,He trapped the frog and kills the rat,He flew a kite, the little boy who never grew up,He found a dream and took it homeThe little boy who never grew up,He planted his dream deep in his heart,The little boy who never grew up,He watered his dream, wishing his dream to bloom,The little boy who never grew up,The dream died, the dream drowned,The little boy who never grew up, Watered his dream too much, His dream died, the little boy cried,The little boy who never grew upHis dream was dead; he wanted the same,The little boy who never grew up,He wishes his dream could take him away.
Jackson Pearce, Cold Spell|Becoming fast friends when you're that small is easy, because the only requirement is that the other person likes to play games.
Shannon L. Alder|Real women fight for something, other than their own emotions.
Rick Riordan, The Lightning Thief|A strange breeze rustled through the clearing, temporarily overpowering the stink of trash and murk. It brought the smell of berries and wildflowers and clean rainwater, things that might've once been in these woods. Suddenly I was nostalgic for something I'd never knew.
James M. Cain, Double Indemnity|Tell me what you’re looking for and i will become that for you. I can sacrifice my inner freedoms for you without looking twice at my old journals and solid promises I made to myself about such things. But you must be prepared to kill me when the smiles are no longer frequent. Do it while I sleep. While I hold your hand. Do it fast, baby. Do it fast.
Jodi Picoult, Handle with Care|I told myself that if I didn't care, this wouldn't have hurt so much - surely that proved I was alive and human and all those touchy-feely things, for once and for all. But that wasn't a relief, not when I felt like a skyscraper with dynamite on every floor.
Anthony Bourdain|But if you're gonna dine with them cannibalsSooner or later, darling, you're gonna get eaten . . .
Charlotte Eriksson|Living in this skin is hard and painful, most of the times, because I never volunteered to take this on. The daily sacrifice of heart over mind,the forever ongoing task of explaining this and that,and why I don’t want to look like this and be like thatbut still here I am and if this is the body I’ve been given I’m sure as hell gonna make it work.
Alberto Manguel, Dark Arrows: Great Stories of Revenge|As readers, we are seldom interested in the fine sentiments of a lesson learnt; we seldom care about the good manners of morals. Repentance puts an end to conversation; forgiveness becomes the stuff of moralistic tracts. Revenge - bloodthirsty, justice-hungry revenge - is the very essence of romance, lying at the heart of much of the best fiction.
Nancy J. Holland, Multiple Sclerosis: A Self Care Guide to Wellness|Currently, there is no cure for MS, but there are treatments that modify disease activity, slow the course of the disease, and alleviate its effects.
Shannon Hale, Midnight in Austenland|Do you recall telling Dr. Phillips during your appointment on February second of last year that you needed to be tested for sexually transmitted diseases because—let me make sure I get this correct here . . .” Taylor read out loud from her file, “Because, quote, ‘your weasel-dick husband slept with a skanky whore stripper and the cheating bastard didn’t use a rubber’?” Ms. Campbell shot up in her chair. “She actually wrote that down?” The jury tittered with amused laughter and sat up interestedly. Finally—things were starting to look a little more like Law & Order around here. “I take it that’s a yes?” Taylor asked.
Ivan Turgenev, First Love|O youth! youth! you have no concerns, you possess, as it were, all the treasures of the universe, even grief is a comfort to you, even sadness suits your looks, you are self-assured and bold, you say: 'Look, I'm the only one alive!' while the very days of your life run away and vanish without a trace and without number and everything in you disappears like wax, like snow in the hear of the sun... And perhaps the entire et of your charm consists not in the possibility of doing everything, but in the possibility of thinking perhaps it consists precisely in the fact that you want only to scatter on the wind energies that you wouldn't know how to use for anything else, perhaps it consists in the fact that each one of us seriously regards himself as a spendthrift and seriously considers that he has the right to say: 'Oh, the things I could have done if only I hadn't wasted my time!
Jay-Z|There are three keys for your journey. Humility, wisdom, love. Don’t leave without them - they will enrich you all the way. And they will bless those around you.
Auliq-Ice|Life is not the obstacle to human happiness. Life simply provides the opportunities to learn Life’s lessons and develop in ways, and acquire the necessary characteristics that can only be acquired through those opportunities Life provides.
Frederick Buechner, Telling the Truth: The Gospel as Tragedy, Comedy, and Fairy Tale|God wants to use you in spite of your weaknesses. Of God chose to use perfect people only, He’d have no one to use
Kimberly Giles|There are no mistakes. The events we bring upon ourselves, no matter how unpleasant, are necessary in order to learn what we need to learn; whatever steps we take, they're necessary to reach the places we've chosen to go....
P.G. Wodehouse, Love Among the Chickens|He's such a dear, Mr. Garnet. A beautiful, pure, bred Persian. He has taken prizes.""He's always taking something - generally food.
Delano Johnson, Love Quotes|Reminiscent of a diamond, she is gifted, privileged, and positioned to glisten.
Laura Anderson Kurk, Perfect Glass|I reached down and picked up a baseball bat at my feet and I flung it as hard as it could. It circled and arced high in the air until it slammed against the side of the dining hall with a crack and fell.I sat down in the dirt. Then I lay down in the dirt.Because not only was there no trail to follow, there was no evidence he’d ever been here.There was no evidence any of them had been here.
Arakida Moritake, Traditional Japanese Poetry: An Anthology|A fallen blossomreturning to the bough, I thought --But no, a butterfly.
Roland Barthes, Camera Lucida: Reflections on Photography|Remember that even just watching animals has an impact. Intrusion into their living space can expose them to predation, keep them from feeding or other essential activities, or cause them to leave their young exposed to predation or the elements. No photo or viewing opportunity is worth harassing or stressing wildlife. In appreciating and watching them, we have a responsibility to protect and preserve the animals that share our state.
Jenna Morasca|Since narcissism is fueled by a greater need to be admired than to be liked, psychologists might use that fact as a therapeutic lever - stressing to patients that being known as a narcissist will actually cause them to lose the respect and social status they crave.
Mark Epstein, Open to Desire: Embracing a Lust for Life - Insights from Buddhism and Psychotherapy|There is a yearning that is as spiritual as it is sensual. Even when it degenerates into addiction, there is something salvageable from the original impulse that can only be described as sacred. Something in the person (dare we call it a soul?) wants to be free, and it seeks its freedom any way it can. ... There is a drive for transcendence that is implicit in even the most sensual of desires.
Aleksandra Ninkovic, Better to be able to love than to be loveable|When I hear that people live by the book, I always wonder which one.
Emily Matchar, Homeward Bound: Why Women are Embracing the New Domesticity|Sometimes Eli believed his mother was embarrassed by him. "I swear, my mom thinks if I do one thing differently than the average person, I'm weird," Eli said later. "It's like she thinks I'm a freak or something. No matter what I do, it's not 'normal' enough for her.
Kreayshawn|The humor is essentially dark for a cartoon and sophisticated. But at the same time, being a cartoon gives the writers more freedom than in a normal sitcom. It always pushes the line that, despite human failings, the Simpsons are really decent people.
Yudhanjaya Wijeratne, Numbercaste|When humanity dies, what happens to all the people?
Bill Watterson, Homicidal Psycho Jungle Cat: A Calvin and Hobbes Collection|You know, maybe we don't need enemies.""Yeah, best friends aree about all I can take.
Amelia E. Barr|Solitude is such a potential thing. We hear voices in solitude, we never hear in the hurry and turmoil of life; we receive counsels and comforts, we get under no other condition . . .
Kris Kidd|Drugs may know how to numb a brain, but the past never forgets to resurface.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh, North to the Orient|There comes a moment when the things one has written, even a traveler's memories, stand up and demand a justification. They require an explanation. They query, 'Who am I? What is my name? Why am I here?
Debasish Mridha|When you will learn to recognize your true self, you will find the true beauty and the magic of life.
Suzanne  Johnson, Pirate's Alley|Suspicion infused Alex's voice. "Okay? That's it?"I looked back at him and smiled. "That's it. We disagree. It's done. We'll deal with whatever comes next."He stood up, brows lowered over squinty eyes. "Did Lafitte ply you with brandy, or have the body snatchers been here?
Angie Smibert, The Forgetting Curve|In a justly ordereduniverse, where loss of equipoise would mean total destruction, individual responsibility must be absolute.
Matthew Donnelly|Love has its own eyes, and they are more efficient at the beginning and faulty at the end
Robin Hobb, Fool's Quest|There is no path to the future, Fitz. The path is now. Now is all there is, or ever will be. You can change perhaps the next breaths in your life. But after that, random chance seizes you in its jaws again. A tree falls on you, a spider bites your ankle, and all your grand plans for winning a battle are for naught. Now is what we have, Fitz, and now is where we act to stay alive.
Amanda Gray, Endless|Then Percy let go of his tiny ledge, and together, holding hands, he and Annabeth fell into the endless darkness.
Albert Camus, Notebooks 1935-1942|How unbearable, for women, is the tenderness which a man can give them without love. For men, how bittersweet this is.
Charles Haddon Spurgeon|If the Lord Jehovah makes us wait, let us do so with our whole hearts; for blessed are all they that wait for Him. He is worth waiting for. The waiting itself is beneficial to us: it tries faith, exercises patience, trains submission, and endears the blessing when it comes. The Lord’s people have always been a waiting people.
Carl-John X. Veraja|The innocent are guilty, the guilty are beyond hope, everything’s on its head, it’s a Twelfth Night of late-capitalist contradiction…
Lynn Nottage|Well, the terrible thing right now, and I don't know the statistics, but there's a growing concern in some communities about how rapidly people are sent from school to jail, how quickly they're put into the criminal justice system. And of course the rapidly growing number of brown people, both men and women, in prison. And this is terrible.
Nikki Rowe|Few born liars ever intentionally embark in truth’s direction, even those who believe that such a journey might axiomatically set them free.
Guillaume Musso, Que serais-je sans toi?|A rare, deep and passionate love.
Alfred de Vigny, Stello|Not one little fellow need fear that he will be forbidden to pluck his shining grape from the cluster of political Power, that fruit reputed to be so full of wealth and glory. Can’t every gang become a club? and every club an assembly? an assembly, a convention? a convention, a senate? and isn’t a senate meant to rule? And what senate ever ruled without a man to rule it? And what did it all require? – Daring! – Aha! Well said! – What! is that all it takes? – Yes, all! The ones who have arrived say so. – Then courage, numskulls, give tongue and run for it! – That’s how it’s done
Steven Wright|If a mute kid swears, should his mother wash his hands with soap?
James Salter|If you can overcome the occasional angst, you may have the chance to see some interesting things, perhaps the same things the tour buses bring people to see, but purified by solitude, if you will. In any case, do not stay in the hotel room. That is the only place you are vulnerable.
Mark Driscoll|The wise man will follow a star, low and large and fierce in the heavens, but the nearer he comes to it the smaller and smaller it will grow,till he finds it the humble lantern over some little inn or stable. Not till we know the high things shall we know how lowly they are.
Steve Maraboli|As a business leader you have to ask yourself, “Am I creating a consumer environment that is conducive to loyalty?” If the answer is no, FIX IT!
K.I. Lynn, Breach|You asked me in Paris how many women I'd loved. I said one. I should have said two." He cupped her cheek, his thumb rubbing over her bottom lip. "As a child I loved my mother, and as a man I love you.
C.T. Studd|Only one life, ’twill soon be past,Only what’s done for Christ will last.
Mensah Oteh, The Best Chance: A Guide to Discovering Your Purpose, Reaching Your Potential, Experiencing Fulfilment and Achieving Success in Any Area of Life|Select carefully and continuously review your circle of influence, and be unapologetic about who you exclude.
Cat Winters, Slasher Girls & Monster Boys|If I could, I would kiss him every second of every day. For all the days.
James     Baldwin|The world is before you, and you need not take it or leave it as it was when you came in.
Markus Wolf|Ask any woman and she'll tell you: health care for women is more expensive than it is for men. In fact, during their reproductive years, women spend 68% more on health care than men do.
Max Scheler, Selected Philosophical Essays|One of my principal theses is that in every case the nature of a being (contingent as well as essential nature) can, in principle, be immanent to and truly inherent in knowledge and reflexive consciousness as it is outside of consciousness, and therefore not only as it is represented by some image, perception, idea [*Vorstellung*], or thought. This immanence of the nature of a being to consciousness occurs, of course, with totally different degrees of adequation and on completely different levels of the relativity of its existence to the existence and constitution [*Organisation*] of the "knowing" subject. Existence, however, can never be immanent to consciousness. Rather, existence necessarily transcends knowledge and consciousness and is alien to them. Existence is essentially transcendent and remains independent of them, even in the limiting case of a "divine," omniscient Mind." In other words, the nature and the existence of any possible object are separable with respect to the possibility of their being *in mente* [in the mind]. The nature of a being can be *in mente* and actually is so in any evidential cognition of what a thing is, which excludes cases of illusion and error. Existence can never be *in mente*. I shall speak later of how existence can be "given" despite this. Existence transcends thought, intuition, and perception, as well as any cooperation of thought and intuition in that higher form of knowledge we call cognition. Cognition is the "knowledge of something as something," the coincidence [*Deckung*] of intuition and thought." from_Idealism and Realism_
Krishna Saagar|You are a fool to speak of last great battles, Sam, for the last great battle is always the next one.
David Graeber, The Democracy Project: A History, a Crisis, a Movement|We are usually told that democracy originated in ancient Athens—like science, or philosophy, it was a Greek invention. It’s never entirely clear what this is supposed to mean. Are we supposed to believe that before the Athenians, it never really occurred to anyone, anywhere, to gather all the members of their community in order to make joint decisions in a way that gave everyone equal say?
Patrick Rothfuss, The Slow Regard of Silent Things|Remember, confrontation is about reconciliation and awareness, not judgement or anger.
Laurell K. Hamilton, Obsidian Butterfly|Traveling through the Dragon's Den, it has just been explained that Haroun, the Ifrit, has been caught in a mirror trap. Here is the passage that follows:"So," said Silas. "Now there are only three of us.""And a pig," said Kandar [the mummy]"Why?" Asked Miss Lupescu, with a wolf-tongue, through wolf teeth. "Why the Pig?""It's lucky," said Kandar.Miss Lupescu growled, unconvinced."Did Haroun have a pig?" asked Kandar, simply.
Super Star|How do you think your body and mind would respond if you were surrounded by psychologists, psychiatrists, or drug and alcohol counselors who subscribed to the belief that "once an alcoholic or addict, always an alcoholic or addict" and who believed that your current stay in rehab would be one of many?
Tituss Burgess|Writing is not for me. I completely lose my sense of humor when I write. I become extremely pathetic, very sensational. Images give me possibilities that I don't have with words.
T. D. Jakes|I invite everyone to chose forgiveness rather than division, teamwork over personal ambition.
Leigh Goff, Disenchanted|My fingers slipped into his thick, black hair and held tightly. He paused, not wanting to pull away. I didn’t let him. I was going to say goodbye properly. I held tightly, pressing my lips to his, soft at first then hard with desire.
Winna Efendi, Melbourne: Rewind|Even though I'd told her that I couldn't walk away from her, I finally realized that I loved her too much to fuck her life by staying, or to lose her completely by forcing us both to hang on until we hated each other.
Jean de Berg, The Image/The Whip Angels|Having recovered from an inexplicable moment of weakness Claire was on the defensive, ready to bite. I had the impression that she was now looking for a chance to demonstrate her strength, or her hard-heartedness.
Harriet Tubman|Feeling earthquakes was part of growing up, and also preparing for them: doing earthquake drills, or having earthquake supplies. The looming feeling was part of my life. My experience of earthquakes has always been more the fear of them, or the possibility.
Isaac Asimov, Murder at the ABA|Maybe none of this is about control. Maybe it really isn't about who can own whom, who can do what to whom and get away with it, even as far as death. Maybe it isn't about who can sit and who has to kneel or stand or lie down, legs spread open. Maybe it's about who can do what to whom and be forgiven for it. Never tell me it amounts to the same thing.
Truman Capote, Breakfast at Tiffany's|You can love somebody without it being like that. You keep them a stranger, a stranger who's a friend.
Eoin Colfer|She held out a small voice recorder. 'By the way, could you describe exactly how you felt at the moment of impact? I'm writing this short story--''Put that away, Hazel,' hissed Mam. 'The poor boy is in pain.'Hazel persisted. 'Would that be a white-hot pain? Or more of a dull throbbing pain?
Lawrence Durrell|How grudging memory is, and how bitterly she clutches the raw material of her daily work.
Nick Bruel, Bad Kitty vs Uncle Murray: The Uproar at the Front Door|Loving cats wasn’t like loving skiing or comic books or arthouse films: when you walked into a pub, you usually didn’t feel the need to tell people about it, either stylistically or verbally. I didn’t try to hide the fact that I liked cats, it was just that a lot of the time it was hidden, by custom and by nature.” — Under the Paw: Confessions of a Cat Man, by Tom Cox
David Mitchell, Ghostwritten|While food makes us live, stories are what make our lives worth living.
Lawrence M. Krauss|Life turns, and returns death. Where death digs its claws into the grave only to pull out life, as a baby from a womb; and the recycle of air, the recycle of struggles that never achieve satisfaction, in a constant turning world, of an untuned universe.
Paul Bogard, The End of Night: Searching for Natural Darkness in an Age of Artificial Light|In these countless stars, in their clusters and colors and constellations, in the “shooting” showers of blazing dust and ice, we have always found beauty. And in this beauty, the overwhelming size of the universe has seemed less ominous, earth’s own beauty more incredible. If indeed the numbers and distances of the night sky are so large that they become nearly meaningless, then let us find the meaning under our feet.
Anne Morrow Lindbergh|I must write it all out, at any cost. Writing is thinking. It is more than living, for it is being concious of living.
Gregory Maguire, Wicked: The Life and Times of the Wicked Witch of the West|The real thing about evil… you figure out one side of it - the human side, say - and the eternal side goes into shadow. Or vice versa. The real disaster of this inquiry is that it is the nature of evil to be secret.
Margaret Thatcher|Don't follow the crowd, let the crowd follow you.
Mahesh Babu|In the movies, you want a good story and characters that are honest, but you are also looking for a good director who can lead the ship. That's how we look at business. Everybody has a great idea for a start-up, and so do their relatives, and they tell me, 'You gotta build it.' I say, 'I have to believe in it.'
Moryah DeMott, Timeless|Music is another language, one so close to actual thought, strung together, sometimes staccato, flowing, and sometimes even nonsensical or harsh to the ears. It’s truth in an otherwise dishonest world.
Hassanal Bolkiah|We are not at peace with others because we are not at peace with ourselves, and we are not at peace with ourselves because we are not at peace with God.
Malcolm Gladwell, David and Goliath: Underdogs, Misfits, and the Art of Battling Giants|A woman who walks away from the promise of power finds the strength to forgive – and saves her friendship, her marriage, and her sanity. The world is turned upside down.
Ron Hall|To love a man enough to help him, you have to forfeit the warm, self-righteous glow that comes from judging.
Margaret Cho|I had a very wise person tell me that he thinks marriage, when you're younger, you keep thinking you can fix things. That's what people do. And you can't really fix anything. It shouldn't be a massive difficult thing every day. Life's difficult enough.
Saminu Kanti|Nigeria is one country, one people and one nation.
David Eddings, Crystal Gorge|I thought the trees down in Lady Zelana’s country were about as big as a tree could get,” he said, “but the ones around here are so tall that they probably tickle the moon’s tummy when she goes by.
Jessica Valenti, Sex Object|Women are raising children, picking up socks, and making sure you feel like a man by supporting you when you need it and looking sexy (but not trying too hard, because that would be pathetic). We're being independent and bad bitches while wearing fucking lipstick and heels so as not to offend your delicate aesthetic sensibility, yet even just the word "feminist" pisses you off. How dare we.
R. W. Patterson|I need to say something. Take it anyway you like,” Ian stated, his eyes boring into hers with a fervor that left her holding her breath.Elaine started to shake her head. “Look, we just met…you don’t need to say…”His deep, cultured voice interrupted her. “Everything you are, Laney, resides in your eyes. I need to see you—all of you. Don’t take that from me while I’m still here. Please.”Tears welled. “You don’t even know me,” she whispered. “How can you say that?”“Because I think I do know you—I just haven’t figured out how.
Toba Beta|Sometimes, somehow...I feel that ocean contains tears of mother earth,that mourns over terrible great sin done by men.
Franco Santoro|...That insurgent horror was knit to him closer than a wife, closer than an eye lay caged in his flesh, where he heard it mutter and felt it struggle to be born; and at every hour of weakness, and in the confidence of slumber, prevailed against him, and deposed him out of life.
Debasish Mridha|Let us be loving, caring, and kind to everyone we meet in this beautiful journey called life. At the end nothing else matters.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, We|He said, I always thought the woman I’d marry would hit me easy, in a bolt of lightning, and there is not lightning there is not even thunder there is not even rain.
Margaret Atwood, The Handmaid's Tale|The sun is free, it is still there to be enjoyed.
Michael Marshall Smith, Spares|She knew very well that people fell out, even stormily, and then made up. But she did not know how to start - she simply did not have the trick of it, the row that cleared the air, and could never quite believe that hard words could be unsaid or forgotten.
Naomi Shihab Nye, Time You Let Me In: 25 Poets under 25|I was wedded to all the stars of the sky.There was not a single star left, and I married every one of them with great spiritual pleasure. Then I married the moon.
Elfriede Jelinek, Greed|Working smart is harder than working hard. It’s just less visible, and we care too much about what others see.
Paul Davies, The Fifth Miracle: The Search for the Origin and Meaning of Life|About 4,400 years ago 8 people stepped off Noah’s ark. According to the United Nations Population Growth Statistics, the world’s population grows at about .47% per year. That is the growth rate for all civilizations who kept records. Suppose you put $8.00 in the bank 4,400 years ago and received .47% a year. How much money would you have? What a coincidence! It would be about $7,000,000,000. That’s kind of odd, because 4,400 years ago 8 people stepped off the ark and now we have about 7,000,000,000 people on planet earth. God’s math works! Compound interest is something we teach to seventh-graders. You don’t have to be a professor to figure this out. A twelve-year-old can do the calculation. Ask any seventh-grader, the algebraic equation looks like this: A=P (1+r/n)t . . . where "A " is the ending amount (about 7,000,000,000 in this case), "P " is the beginning amount (8 in this case), "r " is the interest rate (.47% in this case), "n " is the number of compoundings a year (1 in this case), and "t " is the total number of years (4,400 in this case).pg 11
Mallika Tripathi|She died in my arms saying, “I don’t want to die.” That is what death is like. It doesn’t matter what uniforms the soldiers are wearing. It doesn’t matter how good the weapons are. I thought if everyone could see what I saw, we could never have war anymore.
Toba Beta, My Ancestor Was an Ancient Astronaut|It's written, 'seek and ye shall find'. But first, 'imagine what you seek'.Otherwise, you will end up searching everything everywhere forever.
Dalai Lama XIV|CIf you are honest, truthful, and transparent, people trust you. If people trust you, you have no grounds for fear, suspicion or jealousy.
Munia Khan|Donate your blood from your heart to save life. Life will donate you hearts full of love, blood and contentment in return.
Rudyard Kipling, Selected Stories|When my sister was released from the mental hospital, she came to live with me in the tilting and crumbling one-bedroom house I'd bought with the small amount of money I inherited when our parents died. She arrived one afternoon unannounced in a taxi. She must have known instinctively that I'd take her in. I don't know how or why they released her. Probably due to overcrowding, and they had her scratch her name on a form then pushed her out the door. Or maybe she just slipped away when no one was looking (who'd notice in a place like that?)--she never did tell me and I didn't ask her. I was so happy to have her with me again that the last thing I wanted to do was break the spell by letting reality intrude. Ever since they'd dragged her away weeping with laughter and reaching out for me with our parents' blood still coating her hands with shiny red gloves, I'd felt amputated, like they'd pulled her kicking and screaming and insane out of my guts.
Doug Aitken|Redwood time moves at a more stately pace than human time. To us, when we look at a redwood tree, it seems to be motionless and still, and yet redwoods are constantly in motion, moving upward into space, articulating themselves and filling redwood space over redwood time, over thousands of years.
Gordon B. Hinckley|Left to our own devices, we will make God in our own image.
Jonatan Mårtensson|Okay, if this is what falling in love feels like, someone please kill me now. (Not literally, overzealousreaders.) But it was all too much—too much emotion, too much happiness, too much longing, perhapstoo much ice cream…
Darynda Jones, First Grave on the Right|If I couldn't be a good example, I'd just have to be a horrible warning.
Terry Pratchett, Men at Arms|For a moment, or a second, the pinched expressions of the cynical, world-weary, throat-cutting, miserable bastards we've all had to become disappears, when we're confronted with something as simple as a plate of food.
Thomas B. Edsall|I care not for the body which may rot. Yet, for the transgression of the spirit, of moral ethics, of life, liberty and the soul itself, I must and shall cross the line of battle or lose the very reason not to.
William Goldman, The Princess Bride|Then I think of all the tricks, all the minutes all the hours and days and weeks and months and years waiting for me. All of it without them. And I can't breathe then, like someone's stepping on my heart, Laila. So weak I just want to collapse somewhere.
Haruki Murakami, Kafka on the Shore|Tell me what you read and I'll tell you who you are" is true enough, but I'd know you better if you told me what you reread.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Tombs of Atuan|They have no gods. They work magic, and think they are gods themselves. But they are not. And when they die, they (...) become dust and bone, and their ghosts whine on the wind a little while till the wind blows them away. They do not have immortal souls.
Ralph Waldo Emerson|Happy the man whose wish and care a few paternal acres bound, content to breathe his native air in his own ground.
Shemar Moore|In finding love, I think it's important to be patient. In being in a relationship, I think it's important to be honest, to communicate, to respect and trust, and to strive to give more than you take.
John Dolan, Everyone Burns|The stars have their own language, you know. If you're careful, you can learn it.
Mokokoma Mokhonoana|If history really forever repeats itself: then, it has always been then.
Dean Koontz, Deeply Odd|Acknowledge your fear, odd one. Fearlessness is for the insane and the arrogant. You are neither. Those who rely on you for their lives will be well served only if you fear what you should fear. You are a unique soul, a child of grace, but you can still fail yourself and others.
Julian Wolfreys, Silent Music|I say I write to you, but, truth be told, I prefer the American idiom: I write you. I'll write you friends say, as if, in writing, someone could be caused to appear, as if writing were a spell, some form of conjuration. So, I write you to bring you here, bring you back.
Shannon L. Alder|Do not conform to seek the seekers, but leave the leavers. Wisdom comes from facing what you do not yet understand.
Linda M. Godwin|I watched the moon landing as a boy, and I thought that was the most exciting thing ever, going into space, orbiting Earth and exploring other planets. That looked fantastic.
Meredith Duran, A Lady's Code of Misconduct|Or perhaps, despite your brave words to my parents, you've forgotten what love and loyalty look like. They aren't sacraments, Jane, for only God is perfect, only Go deserves our love without judgement. Men--women--we make mistakes. We judge those we love. But we keep loving them anyway, because we know that mistakes can be repaired, and that tomorrow, our love will be deserved again. It only takes faith--or loyalty, as you called it. Those ARE what tie a family together, through tick and thin. And they tie a husband and wife together, too. There is no happy ending, you're right--not in the singular. but in a marriage, there might be countless happy endings and even more sweet beginnings, if loyalty and love are what guide you.
Pat Patrick, Taellywood Treasure Hunt|I don't want all the silver and gold of the world, Dillon said. What I'm seeking is to know. I want to understand God and I want to know His wisdom.
MD. Muhtashimur Rahman|Sometimes ignorance is a bliss. If you reach enlightenment (in one way or another), you may see the reality of human nature. You may like it, or you may reject it. But certainly you won't regret it. Rise again!
Fawn M. Brodie|A man's memory is bound to be a distortion of his past in accordance with his present interests, and the most faithful autobiography is likely to mirror less what a man was than what he has become.
C. JoyBell C.|We must resolve to live our lives and to build our lives in such a way, that if every ounce of fame were to dissipate tomorrow, and the only people who still remember our names are the few people around us who have true love for us in their hearts-- we would still be able to go on living life with an equal or even greater amount of happiness than before. You see, we must resolve to live our lives in such a way, that the worth and the value of it all comes from those things that are a part of our souls. You fill your soul with what is a part of it, with people who have made you a part of their hearts, and things that bring you awe. Then if all the world were to disappear before your eyes, just not any part of your soul, then you are okay! You are still happy. You can wake up to a new morning in a world that doesn't know you, retaining every ounce of worth that you had before! And maybe even more.
Alaric Hutchinson, Living Peace|When I was a kid my mom would send me off to school each day with the words, ‘Remember: be happy! The most important thing today is that you are happy!
Steve Backley, The Champion in all of Us: 12 Rules for Success|Look for solutions, instead of being difficult; be more thoughtful, instead of allowing anger to burn you out. Look at things from a different perspective, embrace change, look out for opportunities and you will feel much more in control.
Haresh Sippy|You are born to be wild but end up being named, tamed and chained.
Tamsin Greig|My approach to parenting is that everything is open - everything. I'm not very good at covert, or subtle, and I've had to learn timing. I do blunder in a bit.
Nicholas Sparks, Dear John|When I look in the mirror, I know I’m looking at someone who isn’t sure she deserves to be loved at all.
Chris Hemsworth|My dad works in child protection and he's spent many, many years in that line of work.
Abhijit Naskar, Neurons of Jesus: Mind of A Teacher, Spouse & Thinker|He (Jesus) gave up his life not because of the so-called sins of humanity, but because he was too adamant to give in to orthodox monstrosity.
John Cowper Powys, Wolf Solent|The world is not made of bread and honey…nor of the sweet flesh of girls. This world is made of clouds and of the shadows of clouds. It is made of mental landscapes, porous as air, where men and women are as trees walking, and as reeds shaken by the wind.
Richard Dawkins, The God Delusion|A child is not a Christian child, not a Muslim child, but a child of Christian parents or a child of Muslim parents. This latter nomenclature, by the way, would be an excellent piece of consciousness-raising for the children themselves. A child who is told she is a 'child of Muslim parents' will immediately realize that religion is something for her to choose -or reject- when she becomes old enough to do so.
Hermann Hesse|Was then not all sorrow in time, all self-torment and fear in time? Were not all difficulties and evil in the world conquered as soon as one conquered time, as soon as one dispelled time?
Bruce Lee|Be happy, but never satisfied.
Jalina Mhyana, Dreaming in Night Vision: A Story in Vignettes|Our divorce was an optical illusion, surely, because I am often still there, in my old home with my family. I can so easily fool myself, even without a scope, a lens, a patch of sky to measure my trauma, my blues, my perspective or my period of mourning. Suspension of disbelief can be a very real kind of haunting.
Erik Pevernagie|Let us not still our anger against indifference and inattention and let us not glitziness, superciliousness and mumbo jumbo slither into our thinking and our actions, if we don’t want our conscience to be backfired on. (“Twilight of desire”)
Amanda Craig, A Vicious Circle|Mostly, what people mean by love is laziness.
Jamie Foxx|We must look for ways to be an active force in our own lives. We must take charge of our own destinies, design a life of substance and truly begin to live our dreams.
Kathleen Glasgow, Girl in Pieces|People aren't nice, people aren't nice, you should know that by now.
E. Jamie, The Betrayal|Alessandro watched as Luke burrowed his nose in the snow and then shook his small body. “Well, that depends on whether you want a male or a female horse.” “Mmm. I tink I want a boy horsie. Girl horsies have babies and dat’s too much trouble.” Alessandro bit back a laugh. “Male horse it is then. Let’s see. My favourite horse’s name is Abbott.” “A But?” Will asked laughing. “Abbott,” Alessandro corrected. “Chimney,” Will suddenly decided, stopping. Alessandro blinked in confusion. “I’m sorry, did you say ‘Chimney’?” “It make sense,” Will assured him. “Santa come down da chimney and he is my pesent, right? So his name be Chimney.” “I agree. Quite logical,” Alessandro nodded. “Well, dat one ting on my list. Der be more.” “Duly noted,” he said.
Rachel Caine, Ash and Quill|Delighted," Jess said. "I think all houses should be stuffed with books. It makes them--""Homes?" the doctor finished. "You are quite the heretic, for someone in a Library uniform.""Guilty.
Helen Rowland|A husband is what is left of a lover, after the nerve has been extracted.
M.L van de Weetering|Some men will never be heroes, some heroes will never be men, he thought, with urgent acknowledgements to Joseph Conrad.
Erica Sehyun Song, Thorns in the Shadow|I took my friend’s hand as she helped me up. With our hands still linked and our flower crowns tangled in our hair, we danced, laughing with joy, through the rain and towards the school, the lightning showing us our path with its powerful light.
Steffi Graf|We shall listen, not lecture; learn, not threaten. We will enhance our safety by earning the respect of others and showing respect for them. In short, our foreign policy will rest on the traditional American values of restraint and empathy, not on military might.
Marianne Williamson, A Woman's Worth|I conquered outer worlds just as he had. I expressed masculine strength and power just as he had. But it didn't bring me closer to him or to others like him because I had become one of the guys, and that's not what most men are looking for. He had never loved me for being a great guy.
Nathaniel Philbrick|Remarkable contributions are typically spawned by a passionate commitment to transcendent values such as beauty, truth, wisdom, justice, charity, fidelity, joy, courage and honor.
Hanns Heinz Ewers, Nachtmahr: Strange Tales|The second whiskey is always my favorite. From the third on, it no longer has any taste. It's just something to pour into your stomach.
Roshani Chokshi, The Star-Touched Queen|You know nothing about me." "I know your soul. Everything else is an ornament.
Christian Louboutin|I went to visit Alcatraz years ago when I was on tour with the Pistols, and I really liked the atmosphere of the place. I genuinely, really, thoroughly enjoyed the whole morning there. I just liked the quietness and stillness of what is basically a cruel prison complex. I still found some kind of joy in that. That's how I am.
John Crowley, Aegypt|Why, what is it, how can flesh and blood come up with such stuff, how can flesh feel it. My lord life is strange. How is that Meaning comes to be? How? How does life cast it up, shape it, exude it; how does Meaning come to have physical, tangible effects, to be felt with a shock, to cause grief or longing, come to be sought for like food; pure Meaning having nothing to do with the clothes of persons or events in which it is dressed and yet not ever divorceable from some set of such clothes?
William Allingham, The Fairies: A Poem|Up the airy mountain,Down the rushy glen,We daren't go a-huntingFor fear of little men.
Paulo Coelho, The Pilgrimage|The mind, placed before any kind of difficulty, can find an ideal outlet in the absurd. Accommodation to the absurd readmits adults to the mysterious realm inhabited by children.
Conrad Hilton|Success seems to be connected to action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don’t quit.
Jill Williamson, From Darkness Won|Do you trust Arman, Highness?''Yes, but--''No buts. Either you trust Him or you don't.'Achan shifted in his chair. 'Maybe I don't, then.''I agree. you don't trust Him fully or you'd know you did. Arman wants your trust, Highness. When he asks something of you, he's seeking your heart. Your attitude, your disposition, your fears, your strengths, your obedience, your allegiance. All of you. When you trust Arman with your life, you run the risk of exposing your real fears. You run the risk of Arman having total authority and say in your life. Most men don't like that. They like to be in control.
Alex Nye, Chill|The coast redwood is a so-called relict species. It is a tiny remnant of a life form that once spread in splendor and power across the face of nature. The redwood has settled down in California to live near the sea, the way many retired people do.
Victor Koo|When the Islamic revolution began in 1979 under the leadership of Ayatollah Khomeini, it aroused considerable admiration in the Arab street. It presented a model of organised popular action that deposed one of the region's most tyrannical regimes. The people of the region discerned in this revolution new hope for freedom and change.
Debasish Mridha|Love what your heart sees, and be what you want to be.
Justin Halpern, Sh*t My Dad Says|She tried to worry that something terrible had happened to him, but didn't believe it for a moment. Nothing terrible ever happened to him, though she was beginning to think that it was time it damn well did. If nothing terrible happened to him soon maybe she'd do it herself. Now there was an idea.
Martha Graham|I have always loved fashion because it's a great way to express your mood. And I'm definitely a shoe lover. The right pair of shoes can change the feel of an outfit, and even change how a woman feels about herself. A woman can wear confidence on her feet with a high stiletto, or slip into weekend comfort with a soft ballet flat.
Thomas Kyd, The Spanish Tragedy|My soule, poore soule thou talkes of things/ Thou knowest not what, my soule hath sliver wings,/ That mounts me up unto the highest heavens.
Anton Chekhov, The Wood Demon: A Comedy in Four Acts|He thanked God that she had been born and sheltered to such innocence. But he knew life, its foulness as well as its fairness, its greatness in spite of the slime that infested it, and by God he was going to have his say on it to the world. Saints in heaven - how could they be anything but fair and pure? No praise to them. But saints in slime - ah, that was the everlasting wonder! That was what made life worth while. To see moral grandeur rising out of cesspools of iniquity; to rise himself and first glimpse beauty, faint and far, through mud- dripping eyes; to see out of weakness, and frailty, and viciousness, and all abysmal brutishness, arising strength, and truth, and high spiritual endowment-
Kresley Cole, Dreams of a Dark Warrior|I can draw you a diagram. Hint: I'm slot B, and you're tab A.
Maureen Chiquet, Beyond the Label: Women, Leadership, and Success on Our Own Terms|The underlying issue in getting women to top positions is what kind of leadership we value and how we teach, assess, and promote “good” leaders in all organizations.
Candice Raquel Lee, The Innocent: A Myth|If someone even mentions his name it is like a little present to me - and I long to mention it myself. I start subjects leading up to it, and then I feel myself going red. I keep swearing to myself not to speak to him again - and then an opportunity occurs and I jump at it!
Felix Gilman, The Rise of Ransom City|Let me tell you something: when you dance, you are the greatest dancer who has ever lived. And when you sing, you will have the courage to raise your voice to the heavens, knowing that you may never get an answer.
Charles M. Schulz, The Complete Peanuts, Vol. 1: 1950-1952|The Story Of Your Life: The world and everyone you meet will not revolve around you. You're not always going to get what you want. You are going to make compromises every single day. You're going to get smacked down a time or two, or three, or fifty. Throwing tantrums, sitting in the corner pouting and crying over what you didn't get that you wanted isn't going to help you get it. Likewise, pissing and moaning to other people about it all being so unfair. We're all in the same boat, my friends. You can chose to sit in the corner and sulk your life away, crying about the unfairness of it all, bemoaning how everyone is making you miserable, or you can do just the opposite. You can stand up and BE GRATEFUL for everything you do have. You can look back and see how many obstacles you've already overcome, realizing that with each conquest you've become a stronger person. You can realize that your happiness is not and should never be dependent on other people. None of us is going to get out of this Story alive, dear reader. Make the best of the time you have. Make a positive difference. Make your own happily ever after.
Emma Stone|People ask 'do you make a conscious effort not to swear?' - if you're doing silly stuff you're not tempted to put swearing in. All the comics from my childhood, who were funny without swearing, were the people that influenced me. What I do is quite traditional anyway.
Alfa H, Abandoned Breaths|To the person in my future...I hope you're ready, because I'm going to love you... fiercely. You'll never have to suffer for my past heartache. It's taught me that I need love more than the absence of it. I'm not perfect, nor is my track record. I've experienced a lot of takers in my life - but I'll love you with every part of me that remains.
Deepak Chopra, The Book of Secrets: Unlocking the Hidden Dimensions of Your Life|Pain is not the same as suffering. Left to itself, the body discharges pain spontaneously, letting go of it the moment that the underlying cause is healed. Suffering is pain that we hold on to. It comes from the mind’s mysterious instinct to believe that pain is good, or that it cannot be escaped, or that the person deserves it.
Poonam Dhandhania|All that we go through only happens to raise our vibrations. If we learn, we are raising it, the more we fight it, the lesser we learn, the more upset and unhappy we are.
William Faulkner|Since I was a small girl, I have lived inside this cottage, shelted by its roof and walls. I have known of people suffering—I have not been blind to them in the way that privilege allows, the way my own husband and now my daughter are blind. It is a statement of fact and not a judgement to say Charlie and Ella’s minds aren’t oriented in that direction; in a way, it absolves them, whereas the unlucky have knocked on the door of my consciousness, they have emerged from the forest and knocked many times over the course of my life, and I have only occasionally allowed them entry. I’ve done more than nothing and much less than I could have. I have laid inside, beneath a quilt on a comfortable couch, in a kind of reverie, and when I heard the unlucky outside my cottage, sometimes I passed them coins or scraps of food, and sometimes I ignored them altogether; if I ignored them, they had no choice but to walk back into the woods, and when they grew weak or got lost or were circled by wolves, I pretended I couldn’t hear them calling my name.
Sunday Adelaja|Sub-consciousness is extremely selfish, it will do anything to keep you safe and main in a comfort zone
Elizabeth Bibesco|I gave Mitt Romney some donations for his campaign because he was a friend, and friendship came first. I've always been a Democrat, and I've had different views than Mitt Romney. I'm not Mitt Romney, and I think people will realize that when they meet me out there.
LaNina King|As long as one person reads the bullshit I put on paper, and likes it, i'll keep writing.
Jeffrey Tucker, Bourbon for Breakfast: Living Outside the Statist Quo|As the seemingly well-intentioned French journalist spoke about Africa’s scarcity and its limited resources, Nine smiled to himself almost condescendingly. He considered such statements an absolute joke. Africa did not, nor did it ever have, limited resources.Nine knew something the journalist obviously didn’t: Africa was the most abundantly resourced continent on the planet bar none. Like the despots who ruled much of the region, and the foreign governments who propped them up, he knew there was more than enough wealth in Africa’s mineral resources such as gold, diamonds and oil – not to mention the land that nurtured these resources – for every man, woman and child. He thought it unfortunate Africa had never been able to compete on a level playing field. The continent’s almost unlimited resources were the very reason foreigners had meddled in African affairs for the past century or more. Nine knew it was Omega’s plan, and that of other greedy organizations, to siphon as much wealth as they could out of vulnerable Third World countries, especially in Africa. The same organizations had the formula down pat: they indirectly started civil wars in mineral-rich regions by providing arms to opposing local factions, and sometimes even helped to create famines, in order to destabilize African countries. This made the targeted countries highly vulnerable to international control. Once the outside organizations had divided and conquered, they were then able to plunder the country’s resources.
Lord Byron|Once you get a spice in your home, you have it forever. Women never throw out spices. The Egyptians were buried with their spices. I know which one I'm taking with me when I go.
Debasish Mridha|You, your thoughts, and your imagination control the doorway to happiness. Service to the humanity is key to that doorway.
Patience Johnson, Why Does an Orderly God Allow Disorder|Choosing a life partner for marriage should not be taken without a careful and prayerful consideration, if you want to be and remain happy in it.. You can't just jump into it.
David Sedaris, Holidays on Ice|But instead I am applying for a job as an elf. Even worse than applying is the very real possibility that I will not be hired, that I couldn't even find work as an elf. That's when you know you're a failure.
Krysten Ritter|I am dating, but it is hard to find someone quick enough and funny enough. I am quite demanding.
Judith Ivory, Untie My Heart|He looked for gestures, afraid of words
|One of the surest ways to live a life that's full of disappointments, is to expect people to be perfect.
Pankaj Mishra|History does not repeat itself. Nor does it unfold in cycles. The real future is contingent, rich beyond imagining, a perennial gobsmack, tragic and glorious in equal measure; the pundits' future, spun of 'conventional wisdom,' is only a sucker punch to that common-sense fact.
Trevor Treharne, How to Prove god Does Not Exist: The Complete Guide to Validating Atheism|At what point, 2,000 years on from the life of Jesus, do we need a refresher course? Another 2,000 years? Imagine 100,000 years’ time – would the story of Moses’ burning bush amaze a generation laden with unimaginable scientific and technological wonders? Here lies religion’s biggest quandary. While science is squeezing the life out of God, how is religion going to muster a counterattack from here?
Jimmy Carter|We don't see very far in the future, we are very focused on one idea at a time, one problem at a time, and all these are incompatible with rationality as economic theory assumes it.
Anthony Bourdain|I am becoming more radical with age. I have noticed that writers, when they are old, become milder. But for me it is the opposite. Age makes me more angry.
Amit Kalantri|Whatever begun with planning, ends in a victory.
Hannah Arendt, On Violence|To sum up: politically speaking, it is insufficient to say that power and violence are not the same. Power and violence are opposites; where the one rules absolutely, the other is absent.
Annie Dillard, For the Time Being|Is it not late? A late time to be living? Are not our generations the crucial ones? For we have changed the world. Are not our heightened times the important ones? For we have nuclear bombs. Are we not especially significant because our century is? - our century and its unique Holocaust, its refugee populations, its serial totalitarian exterminations; our century and its antibiotics, silicon chips, men on the moon, and spliced genes? No, we are not and it is not. These times of ours are ordinary times, a slice of life like any other. Who can bear to hear this, or who will consider it?...Take away the bomb threat and what are we? Ordinary beads on a never-ending string. Our time is a routine twist of an improbable yarn...There must be something heroic about our time, something that lifts it above all those other times. Plague? Funny weather? Dire things are happening... Why are we watching the news, reading the news, keeping up with the news? Only to enforce our fancy - probably a necessary lie - that these are crucial times, and we are in on them. Newly revealed, and we are in the know: crazy people, bunches of them. New diseases, shifts in power, floods! Can the news from dynastic Egypt have been any different?
Terry Eagleton|When I was in college, I used to write little ditties and short stories and poetry for my friends. Writing a book is another thing. It is so much different from my traditional day of dirty fingernails and greasy hair and hot pans.
J.C. Ryle, A Call to Prayer|That sin will never stand firm which is heartily prayed against....We must spread out all our case before our heavenly Physician, if He is to give us daily relief.
English proverb|As to Caesar  when he was called upon  he gave no testimony against Clodius  nor did he affirm that he was certain of any injury done to his bed. He only said  "He had divorced Pompeia because the wife of Caesar ought not only to be clear of such a crime  but of the very suspicion of it."
Lisa Genova, Love Anthony|Your mother holds you skin on skin and when you enter this world, feeds you with her own body; skin on skin. Your father runs his fingers over your tear stained cheek, presses his lips to your forehead; skin on skin. You make love, skin on skin with a man you love, a beautiful man. And then, if you’re lucky your own baby will enter this world and you’ll hold her skin on skin, feed her with your body skin on skin. It’s a magical thing.
Haruki Murakami, Norwegian Wood|Some days are about preparation, but some are pure inspiration.
Harvey Milk|The only thing they have to look forward to is hope. And you have to give them hope. Hope for a better world, hope for a better tomorrow, hope for a better place to come to if the pressures at home are too great. Hope that all will be all right. Without hope, not only gays, but the blacks, the seniors, the handicapped, the us'es, the us'es will give up. And if you help elect to the central committee and other offices, more gay people, that gives a green light to all who feel disenfranchised, a green light to move forward. It means hope to a nation that has given up, because if a gay person makes it, the doors are open to everyone. So if there is a message I have to give, it is that if I've found one overriding thing about my personal election, it's the fact that if a gay person can be elected, it's a green light. And you and you and you, you have to give people hope....
Roman Payne|When a writer dies, he becomes his books.
David Reeves, In My Opinion|I question the more or less psychoanalytic perspective that the male need to control women sexually results from some primal male "fear of women" and of women's sexual insatiability. It seems more probable that men really fear, not that they will have women's sexual appetites forced on them, or that women want to smother and devour them, but that women could be indifferent to them altogether, that men could be allowed sexual and emotional-therefore economic-access to women only on women's terms, otherwise being left on the periphery of the matrix.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Beyond Good and Evil|One loves ultimately one's desires, not the thing desired.
F. Scott Fitzgerald|Today is a special day that will go by very fast, so let’s take every second to make the most out of every moment.
Galit Breen|Checking in on what our kids are doing online isn't 'helicoptering,' it's 'parenting.
Bert H. Hodges|Levinas describes that faith as crucial to what it means to be human: (...) "its capacity to fear injustice more than death, to prefer to suffer than to commit injustice, and to prefer that which justifies being over that which assures it".
Jim George, One-Minute Insights for Men|When you are obedient to God, He fills you with His Spirit and empowers you to do all He asks of you.
Jawe Campos|Endeavor for greatness, venture for the sake of the heart.
Paul Auster, Sunset Park|In every story there is a silence, some sight concealed, some word unspoken, I believe. Till we have spoken the unspoken we have not come to the heart of the story.
Brittany Snow|I warm up with my mom and make sure I understand what the songs are about and make sure I'm using the right technique. To be honest with you, I really don't practice a lot... Usually, I say a prayer and ask the Lord to sing with me and help me and stand on the stage with me.
Anouk Pappers & Maarten Schäfer, Coolbrands - The Guru book|But I hasten to finish my story. Brevity is justified at once to those who readily understand, and to those who will never understand.
Christopher Morley, Parnassus on Wheels|What is a poet? An unhappy man who hides deep anguish in his heart, but whose lips are so formed that when the sigh and cry pass through them, it sounds like lovely music.... And people flock around the poet and say: 'Sing again soon' - that is, 'May new sufferings torment your soul but your lips be fashioned as before, for the cry would only frighten us, but the music, that is blissful.
Mindy Kaling, Why Not Me?|I believe in real soul connections. Some that can change the course of our lives. No matter how far the distance is between the souls, they are always joined at the heart of Source.
D.S. Mashego|Some things don’t just happen, they happen because somebody decided to make them happen.
Torii Hunter|Ask any parent what we want for our children, and invariably we say 'a better life.' To that end, we give our time, our sleep, our money, and our dreams, much as our parents did before us. We all want a better life for our children. But what we want for them ceases to matter if we leave them an unlivable world.
Martin Parr|I work very hard, and I play very hard. I'm grateful for life. And I live it - I believe life loves the liver of it. I live it.
Jim Butcher, Cold Days|Even Tom Cruise made a better-looking vampire on-screen, which up until this day had been one of my biggest disappointments.
E.J. Stevens, Ghost Light|Am I really standing here, conversing with a bloody unicorn?" Tiffy was certain her mind had finally left the building.
Brenna Yovanoff|My father gave me a ruined boy to compensate for the fact that he does not love me. The boy is fragile, broken—broke himself—broke everything.I asked him why he did it. He said because the world was unlivable. He said it was unlovable, but I think he meant himself. I think he meant that loneliness is sometimes painful.I curl against him, tuck my head beneath his chin and listen to his heart. It says stay and wait. It says regret. He knows what it is to want love, a love so fierce you grow roots. I hear his heart say please. He went looking for angels and found me instead, girl of the sorrows, sad but not sorry. I waited for a sign, a star to fall. He reached for a knife and drew branches.
Mehmet Murat ildan|Give Bethod a kick from me, once you have him under your boot.""That I will, unless he gets me under his.""Never easy, kicking upwards.
Dan Pearce, Single Dad Laughing|The world is so obsessed with defining sexuality for everyone and attaching labels to it. Any time any person openly leaves the sexual norm, their sexuality becomes, more often than not, the absolute defining characteristic of that person. It becomes the first thing people think about and often the first thing they mention. Every other part of that person all but disappears.
William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing|When I said I would die a bachelor, I did not think I should live till I were married.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|Men can dig wells, but they can’t create water.
K.R. Albers, InDependence|inspiration. five minutes in the back of a greyhound bus; the world passing by.a gateway to freedom.the american dream.from "the american dream
Debasish Mridha|To find out how much we can do or how far we can go, we have to challenge ourselves constantly.
Rishika Sharma|Meditation, prayer and positive thinking are a great combination for making your mind your best friend.
Beckett Samuel|It is now my intention to draw out from the story of Abraham the dialecticalconsequences inherent in it, expressing them in the form ofproblemata, in order to seewhat a tremendous paradox faith is, a paradox which is capable of transforming amurder into a holy act well-pleasing to God, a paradox which gives Isaac back toAbraham, which no thought can master, because faith begins precisely there wherethinking leaves off.
Donal Logue|With acting, you gotta wait until someone gives you a role in a play or movie. With writing, you're not dependent on others, you don't have to wait. You can sit down and just create.
Rob Lowe, Love Life|You want society to accept you, but you can't even accept yourself.
Eugenia Rico|Ahora sabemos que las cosas buenas ocurren, que los sueños a veces se cumplen, que los deseos pueden hacerse realidad y de nosotros depende no olvidarlo para poder meterle un gol a esa portería invisible del día a día.
Lynda Meyers, Letters From the Ledge|When your defenses are down, it's alarming and beautiful - all that strength contained in a glass jar of innocence." He swallowed. "I've loved you since the moment you realized the astronomical odds of us meeting like that, because in that brief second, I watched you suddenly open your heart to the possibility of something magical happening - something unexpected.
V.S. Naipaul, A Bend in the River|A businessman is someone who buys at ten and is happy to get out at twelve. The other kind of man buys at ten, sees it rise to eighteen and does nothing. He is waiting for it to get to twenty. The beauty of numbers. When it drops to ten again he waits for it to get back to eighteen. When it drops to two he waits for it to get back to ten. Well, it gets back there. But he has wasted a quarter of his life. And all he's got out of his money is a little mathematical excitement.
Terrence Malick|The money is in a different league these days, of course, but I have special memories of the 60s and 70s which players today don't have. There wasn't the same celebrity attitude and media exposure. We had a bit more freedom.
Thomas Jefferson|The most fortunate of us, in our journey through life, frequently meet with calamities and misfortunes which may greatly afflict us; and, to fortify our minds against the attacks of these calamities and misfortunes should be one of the principal studies and endeavors of our lives. The only method of doing this is to assume a perfect resignation to the Divine will, to consider that whatever does happen, must happen; and that, by our uneasiness, we cannot prevent the blow before it does fall, but we may add to its force after it has fallen. These considerations, and others such as these, may enable us in some measure to surmount the difficulties thrown in our way; to bear up with a tolerable degree of patience under the burden of life; and to proceed with a pious and unshaken resignation, till we arrive at our journey's end.
Sanjida Kay, Bone by Bone|Only one small, pale spot on her cheek was visible where her skin, free of blood, gleamed, as polished as bone.
Mohammed Zaki Ansari, "Zaki's Gift Of Love"|if someone loves you , they do not feel hesitation to accept their mistake and don't feel shame to be sorry to save you if you are worth for them.And if there is no love there is no efforts but people take a chance as opportunity to make smart exit from your life and throw out you from their life As they start with someone another.
Martin Page, How I Became Stupid|The proverb says that 'The answer to a fool is silence'. Observation, however, indicates that almost any other answer will have the same effect in the long run.
Laura Busche, Lean Branding|People change, and so do their aspirations, and so should brands.
Jennifer Chiaverini, The Giving Quilt|I want to make it clear before we begin that I think your purpose is to learn and mine is to help you to learn, or to make you learn, though I doubt either of you has to be made. I have very little interest in writing out progress reports on you, or sticking to form charts, or anything else that interferes with our basic purposes. If there is anything you want to learn and have the necessary background to handle, I'll be ready to help you whether or not it is something that formally falls among the things I'm supposed to teach you. If you don't have the background, I'll help you get it. In return, I want you to do something for me. It's been many years since I was last a tutor, so I expect you to point out to me when I fail to observe some ritual that Mr. Quince holds essential. Fair enough?
Robert G. Ingersoll|I'm Godless. And so I've had to make my God, and my God is narrative filmmaking, which is -- ultimately what my God becomes, which is what my mantra becomes, is the theme.
Robert E. Lee|...Man has a tyrant, ignorance. I voted for the demise of that particular tyrant. That particular tyrant has engendered royalty, which is authority based on falsehood, whereas science is authority based on truth. Man should be governed by science alone.""And conscience," added the bishop."It's the same thing. Conscience is the quota of innate science we each have inside us.
Margaret Craven, I Heard the Owl Call My Name|[T]he ways in which the information we give off about our selves, in photos and e-mails and MySpace pages and all the rest of it, has dramatically increased our social visibility and made it easier for us to find each other but also to be scrutinized in public.
Charles Baudelaire|There is a solitude, which each and every one of us has always carried with him, more inaccessible than the ice-cold mountains, more profound than the midnight sea; the solitude of self. Our inner being, which we call ourself, no eye nor touch of man or angel has ever pierced.
Sarah Dessen, Lock and Key|Like it takes so little not only to change something, but to make you forget the way it once was, as well.
Dejan Stojanovic|Some people complain there are too many people on earth, Some people complain about secret societies, Some people accuse others of not being able to wake up early. Almost all people complain about something.
Sunday Adelaja, The Mountain of Ignorance|To some extent, it is almost blasphemous to think that insult, anger and irritation could be a positive force.
Lolah Runda, Hikari Okami: Kitsune Series|Never say you understand someone's pain if you haven't felt the same, because not only would you sound mocking but also ignorant.
Sean Penn|When everything gets answered, it's fake.
Friedrich Nietzsche, Human, All Too Human|There is a certain right by which we many deprive a man of life, but none by which we may deprive him of death; this is mere cruelty.
Erin Blakemore, The Heroine's Bookshelf: Life Lessons, from Jane Austen to Laura Ingalls Wilder|Travellers scowl at us, and countrymen give us scornful names. 'Strider' I am to one fat man who lives within a day's march of foes that would freeze his heart, or lay his little town in ruin, if he were not guarded ceaselessly. Yet we would not have it otherwise. If simple folk are free from care and fear, simple they will be, and we must be secret to keep them so.
Richard Rohr, Adam's Return: The Five Promises of Male Initiation|Life is something like a doctor's prescription: taken alone, and the ingredients might kill you; but properly blended, they bring healing.
Mehmet Murat ildan|When we've got a common philosophy and a common objective; then we can advance in open order. We shall be a great team. But we've got to make sure of that common set of ideas. Maybe we shall find our formulae difficult for some of these new types. If we keep our minds open, we may find that they are right and that our formulae have to be modified. Probably -- it's a thought that shouldn't dishearten us -- but probably we don't know everything.
Lailah Gifty Akita|Change is never easy, and it often creates discord, but when people come together for the good of humanity and the Earth, we can accomplish great things.
Rick Riordan, The Blood of Olympus|True sleep eluded me. Morpheus is a capricious god; he comes easily to some and only with greatest difficulty to others. To lure him, it is best to pretend disinterest. Engage the mind in some pursuit unrelated to what is truly desired and allow no distraction from it. For me, nothing works so well as a walk through Rome.
Estelle Getty|Wisdom cannot come by railroad or automobile or aeroplane, or be hurried up by telegraph or telephone.
William Tecumseh Sherman|There is no greater feeling than hanging out with my dogs, or just walking around the land with our horses. My rescue ranch is is where I feel the most at peace and where I'm reminded of the simple things in life and let the chaos of my crazy work life fade away.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you encounter the Savior, He will save your soul.
John Di Lemme|The human being must always be central, not the products and objects of his skill and energy.
Rob Lowe|We have a lot of things, you know, as a medical professional, we have to start looking at, some of the, particularly, the transgender issue has to be looked at in the psychotic - the psychosis in regards to the medical community and looking at that application because there's a lot of mixed studies in those regards.
Dannah Gresh|Intimacy with GOD is most exhilarating, most amazing, most exciting and most rewarding of all.
Yevgeny Zamyatin, The Dragon: Fifteen Stories|Step out the front door like a ghostinto the fog where no one notices the contrast of white on white, and in between the moon and you, the angels get a better view of the crumbling difference between wrong and right. I walk in the air, between the rain, through myself and back again where? I don't know.
Donna Grant Reilly, Dragon Fever|As good as that dress looks on you, I want you out of it.
Noam Chomsky|Business is not just doing deals; business is having great products, doing great engineering, and providing tremendous service to customers. Finally, business is a cobweb of human relationships.
E'yen A. Gardner|Truth is like a vast tree which yields more and more fruit the more you nurture it. The deeper the search in the mind of truth, the richer the discovery of the gems buried there.
Bernadette Pajer, A Spark of Death|Without death, life would have no boundaries and our days would not be so precious. My mother was a firm believer in the common sense of nature.
Robert Battle|I'm very fond of the British cinema. I'm a big fan of Martin Campbell and Daniel Craig. I actually find Daniel very inspirational, especially on the physical side of things. He really inspired me to get back into shape when I started to add on a few pounds. I think he's a great role model.
Antoine de Saint-Exupéry, Flight to Arras|For after all, why do we go on fighting? If we die for democracy then we must be one of the democracies. Let the rest fight with us, if that is the case. But the most powerful of them, the only one that could save us, chooses to bide its time. Very good. That is its right. But by so doing, that democracy signifies that we are fighting for ourselves alone. And we go on fighting despite the assurance that we have lost the war. Why, then, do we go on dying? Out of despair? But there is no despair. You know nothing about defeat if you think there is room in it for despair.There is a verity that is higher than the pronouncements of the intelligence. There is a thing which pierces and governs us and which cannot be grasped by the intelligence. A tree has no language. We are a tree. There are truths which are evident, though not to be put into words. I do not die in order to obstruct the path of the invasion, for there is no shelter upon which I can fall back with those I love. I do not die to preserve my honor, since I deny that my honor is at stake, and I challenge the jurisdiction of my judge. Nor do I die out of desperation.
Gift Gugu  Mona|I'd been very influenced by what I'd seen in Japan. Part of what I greatly admired there - and part of what we were lacking in our factory - was as sense of teamwork and discipline. If we didn't have the discipline to keep that place spotless, then we weren't going to have the discipline to keep all those machines running.
Debasish Mridha|Three things will make you happy: always have happy thoughts, be honest to yourself, and express unconditional love for everything.
Harriet Prescott Spofford, The Amber Gods and Other Stories|I ignored your aura but it grabbed me by the hand, like the moon pulled the tide, and the tide pulled the sand.
Celma Ribeiro|I had finally become aware of how much I was capable of, how little I had to lose, and how deep into Douglas's soft sand I had sunk. Magellan's letters, which Douglas had recited, had become part of my being. It was as if I was right there with Magellan, following every curve of his pen as he wrote down his words to his beloved ones confiding his secret. I had become the ink, and the tip was tattooing my path. I was going to follow his dream, but still, I wished I knew why.
Lisa Kessler, Blue Moon|Make me howl, make me scream,Things are never what they seem.Lay me out, end the pain,Now I'll never be the same.Deep inside, there I cry,Yet you still just pass me by.Can't you see, this is me,And I'm Howling! I'm Howling! I'm Howling!
Matthew Selwyn, ****: The Anatomy of Melancholy|We essentially had to build a docking mechanism between the two capsules. We didn't have to share a lot of data, and we did that at the height of the Cold War, which was pretty symbolic." –Bill Gerstenmaier
Caleb Crain, Necessary Errors|Why would a white caribou come down to Beaver River, where the woodland herd lives? Why would she leave the Arctic tundra, where the light blazes incandescent, to haunt these shadows? Why would any caribou leave her herd to walk, solitary, thousands of miles? The herd is comfort. The herd is a fabric you can't cut or tear, passing over the land. If you could see the herd from the sky, if you were a falcon or a king eider, it would appear like softly floating gauze over the face of the snow, no more substantial than a cloud. "We are soft," the herd whispers. "We have no top teeth. We do not tear flesh. We do not tear at any part of life. We are gentleness itself. Why would any of us break from the herd? Break, apart, separate, these are hard words. The only reason any of us would become one, and not part of the herd, is if she were lost.
Steven Rowley, Lily and the Octopus|[Anger] gave him the soul to keep fighting no matter how many times the world seemed bent on destroying him. He may be a broken young man, but he would never be a defeated one
Deeanne Gist, A Bride Most Begrudging|That first scream, my lord, was indeed your daughter, my wife, and if you kill me, your grandchild will be quite without a father. Won't you come in?
Mahesh Babu|To make democracy work, we must be a nation of participants, not simply observers. One who does not vote has no right to complain.
Debbie Macomber, Angels at Christmas: Those Christmas Angels / Where Angels Go|I believe that our world was created with a sense of order. For every loss, there's a gain. Sometimes we're so blinded by the loss that we don't see the gain, don't recognize the gift.
Chris Hemsworth|If I could film, we'd film every episode of 'Doctor Who' in New York. I have an affinity with the city. It has some wonderful locations and it is devastatingly vast and huge. Central Park looks amazing on camera.
Reiko Saibara|Each pain is Unbearable / yet TriflingSeeing the TRUTH is Excruciating / yet ExquisiteThrough Laugher & Tears / Grinning & Fear, we face our demons.
Will Davis Jr., 10 Things Jesus Never Said: And Why You Should Stop Believing Them|He (Abraham Lincoln) is one of the few men in history, our own history and all history, whose religion was great enough to bridge the gulfs between the sects, to encompass us all.
Rick Riordan, The House of Hades|[Percy] kept hoping things would get better for Annabeth and him, but their lives just got more dangerous, as if the Three Fates were up there spinning their futures with barbed wire instead of thread just to see how much two demigods could tolerate.
Gena Showalter, Oh My Goth|There are times I wish I were invisible. Which is silly, since I do everything I can to stand out.
Russell Kirk, Ancestral Shadows: An Anthology of Ghostly Tales|To the modern politician and planner, men are the flies of a summer, oblivious of their past, reckless of their future.
Leonard Sax, Girls on the Edge: The Four Factors Driving the New Crisis for Girls-Sexual Identity, the Cyberbubble, Obsessions, Environmental Toxins|So when it comes to Elvis and Joe, I have to trust my instincts, because they’ve gotten me here. And I have to write what I believe in, what I find moving.
C.D. Reiss, Burn|Always games, baby. But the rules are ours to break.' Julian Harte
Alexander Kjerulf, Happy Hour is 9 to 5|You can’t be happy at work every day. No matter how much you love your job, there are still going to be bad days. And that’s cool—it’s always OK to have a bad day at work.
Adam Johnson|Writing is hard work, and if anything's true about the process, it's that fact that a good story is hard to find and even trickier to get on paper. What's less romantic than staring alone at a blank screen? And edgy? I've changed the cat little because I didn't know what my characters were going to say next.
Toni Morrison, Beloved|I was talking about time. It's so hard for me to believe in it. Some things go. Pass on. Some things just stay. I used to think it was my rememory. You know. Some thins you forget. Other things you never do. But it's not. Places, places are still here. If a house burns down, it's done, but the place--the picture of it--stays, and not just in my rememory, but out there, in the world. What I remember is a picture floating around out there outside my head. I mean, even if I don't think it, even if I die, the picture of what I did, or know, or saw is still out there. Right in the place where it happened.
Magda M. Olchawska, Mikolay and Julia Meet the Fairies|Julia really likes school and she is one of the top students. Mikolay doesn’t mind the weekend school because he is allowedto do lots of magic, which he really likes and is very good at.
Donna Lynn Hope|When he called she tried not to break down, but voice so often betrays emotion and her's wept, "He looked happy, even if I had to see his sweet little face from far away. I want him to be happy...even if his happiness is not with me.""That's love," he said."Love," she repeated. "We love because we can lose."There is pain when we have to step away and some may say "You don't care," but little do they know, we cared enough to do so...
Sunday Adelaja|Men who know God and his heart, would not hide behind their pulpit when justice is been ridiculed in their society
Mary Ritter Beard|I have no problem with the adventure travel movement. It makes better, more sensitive people. If you get people diving on a coral reef, they're going to become more respectful of the outdoors and more concerned with the threats that places like that face and they're going to care more about protecting them than they would have before.
Thomas Lynch, The Undertaking: Life Studies from the Dismal Trade|Once she even successfully argued on behalf of my older brother, Dan, getting a BBGun, a weapon which he promptly turned against his younger siblings, outfitting us in helmet and leather jacket and instructing us to run across Eaton Park while he practiced his marksmanship. Today he is a colonel in the army and the rest of us are gun-shy.
Kim Fields|There's nothing better than live music. It's raw energy, and raw energy feeds the soul.
pavankumar nagaraj|I want to re-start my life,
Jennifer Hudson Taylor, Highland Blessings|There's no rule that says attraction warrents trust. If that were the case, then more wedded couple would be happier.
Erri De Luca, Tre cavalli|All I could think as he was speaking was that, if he touched me at all, all the miles I’d walked, the pain I’d felt, the beauty I’d drunken like milk, like good wine making me happy, the four million steps I’d taken, would all add up to nothing. They’d be stolen. They’d vanish like the teeth children lose when they get hit. Only after the blood was washed away would I see that they were gone.
Fyodor Dostoyevsky, The Gambler|We must be willing to accept the bitter truth that, in the end, we may have to become a burden to those who love us. But it is necessary that we face this also. The full acceptance of our abjection and uselessness is the virtue that can make us and others rich in the grace of God. It takes heroic charity and humility to let others sustain us when we are absolutely incapable of sustaining ourselves. We cannot suffer well unless we see Christ everywhere, both in suffering and in the charity of those who come to the aid of our affliction.
Scott Stabile|No matter what's going on, I keep coming back to the one intention that makes the most sense:Just love.
Sonny Duncan|Fuck me, Sonny!” She cried. I did. She came immediately. I felt like I was trying to board a moving train wearing roller skates.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|The reason my life has wandered to nowhere is likely due to the fact that the focus of the moment has dictated the destination of my life, when the destination of my life should have been dictating the focus of the moment.
Grace Willows, When Passions Explode|No. He’s like me at the moment. We’re both nomadic. He’s still in the military. Currently training SEALs in Coronado, California.” “I’m sorry, training seals? To do what?” Boomer grinned. He didn’t understand why, but she so delighted him. “Navy SEALs, honey. He trains them to be smarter, faster, and stronger than the bad guy.” “Do they leap tall buildings in a single bound,” she asked without missing a beat. Boomer would not have been able to hold back the laugh if his life depended on it.
Michael  Darling, Got Luck|May I help you?""Mr. Neck-uh-stone-sack please," I replied."Um. You mean Nat?""Yeah. This is Counselor Smallwater's law office. May I speak with Nat?""Well, he's in a class right now. Can I take a message?""Hmm. I suppose it's all right. You can just tell him that his annulment is official now. He and his sister are no longer married.
Vironika Tugaleva|If you enslave me with fake money, and I realize enslavement is fake. Its in your best interest to set me free!
Whitney Otto, Eight Girls Taking Pictures|While she was in transit, being unattached was exhilarating, but the moment she stopped, so did the high.
Lailah Gifty Akita|If you stop learning, you forget what you ready know.
Jennifer Harrison, Write like no one is reading 2|Nanabozho also had the task to learn how to live from his elder brothers and sisters. When he needed food, he noticed what the animals were eating and copied them. Heron taught him to gather wild rice. One night by the creek, he saw a little ring-tailed animal carefully washing his food with delicate hands. He thought, “Ahh, I am supposed to put only clean food in my body.”Nanabozho was counseled by many plants too, who shared gifts, and learned to treat them always with the greatest respect. After all, plants were here first on the earth and have had a long time to figure things out. Together, all the beings, both plants and animals, taught him what he needed to know. The Creator had told him it would be this way.
M.R. Field, Fragments|Go fuck a monkey, Ferro. I don't have time for you or your fake sincerity.
Bruce Springsteen, Born to Run|As we'd slogged away for weeks on the Convention Hall stage in isolation, trying to pump life into our much-vaunted songbook, there'd been only one thing missing: you.
Anonymous, Holy Bible: King James Version|Not my will, but thine, be done.
Janet Fitch, Paint it Black|He was obsessed with obituaries. She'd never read them before, he couldn't believe it, to him it was like someone who'd never read the funnies...Michael always wanted to know what they died of- accidental gunshot wounds, overdose, cancer. 'Was it suicide?' That's what he really wanted to know.
Andy Murray|For much of the year, you're just trying to maintain your fitness. It's not often you get a lot of time to really concentrate on improving it.
Nikki Rowe|He was the safe place I would go when the world became shaky, he would either guide me through the dark or awaken my sense to appreciate my light.
Gautama Buddha|Our life is shaped by our mind, for we become what we think.
Will Durant, Our Oriental Heritage|The story of the "bondage" in Egypt, of the use of the Jews as slaves in great construction enterprises, their rebellion and escape - or emigration - to Asia, has many internal signs of essential truth, mingled, of course, with supernatural interpolations customary in all the historical writings of the ancient East.
Craig D. Lounsbrough|I am pressed to admit that I don’t have the capacity to understand the bloodied horrors of a cross and the wild exhilaration of an empty tomb. But at the point that I think I completely understand God, I have at that very point humanized Him and in that very action I have lost Him. Therefore, I much prefer to simply marvel.
Paul Graham|People who write about politics, whether on the left or the right, have a consistent bias: they take politics seriously.
Jeffrey Gitomer|Shame is the most powerful, master emotion. It's the fear that we're not good enough.
Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj|Hope lies in having more faith in the power of God to heal us than in the power of anything to hurt or destroy us. In realizing that as children of God we are bigger than our problems, we have the power at last to confront them.
Juan Gabriel Vásquez, The Sound of Things Falling|We've become a nation of wolves, ruled by sheep.Owned by swine, overfed, and put to sleep.While the media elite declare what to think,I'll be wide awake, on the edge, and on the brink.
Jeanne Birdsall, The Penderwicks: A Summer Tale of Four Sisters, Two Rabbits, and a Very Interesting Boy|Donit kill her now, just when we've gone to all that trouble to rescue her," said Jeffrey.
William Petersen, Underground|A smart person is not one that knows the answers, but one who knows where to find them...
Duop Chak Wuol|In the land of the rejected, the field is flattened, open to much oppurtunity. Here flourish the weeds and nonstandard quality alike. No one aspires, because there is no pinnacle to reach — just be better than whoever is next to you. It is basic, fundamental, and often rude, with bonus points for creative solution. Hardly ever about who you are, but how you do, it's "run what you brung" not Formula 1.
Jason Aldean|We sing a little song before we eat, a little blessing before we eat, and it's really - we're thanking the Lord and the Earth for the food that we eat, and it really brings you together in a profound kind of way.
Perry Anderson, Spectrum: From Right to Left in the World of Ideas|Intellectuals are judged not by their morals, but by the quality of their ideas, which are rarely reducible to simple verdicts of truth or falsity, if only because banalities are by definition accurate.
Peter Ustinov|I think every girl needs to love herself, regardless of anything. Like if you're having a bad day, if you don't like your hair, if you don't have the best family situation, whatever, you have to love yourself and you can't do anything until you love yourself first.
Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets|I love you in order to begin loving you,to start infinity againand never to stop loving you:that is why I do not love you yet.
Abigail Haas, Dangerous Boys|There was a sound of steel meeting steel. Devin flung a desperate look over his shoulder, saw Hewet fending off two men behind him, and looked ahead in time to see ten men in light armor ride out of the trees up ahead and drive straight for him. He almost swallowed the flute. He threw an arm over his face, too shocked to be terrified, and waited to die.
Roger Zelazny|Occasionally, there arises a writing situation where you see an alternative to what you are doing, a mad, wild gamble of a way for handling something, which may leave you looking stupid, ridiculous or brilliant -you just don't know which. You can play it safe there, too, and proceed along the route you'd mapped out for yourself. Or you can trust your personal demon who delivered that crazy idea in the first place.Trust your demon.
Melika Dannese Lux, Corcitura|There was something in her eyes that made me trust her. Maybe it was because they held the same cynicism, the same world-weariness I saw in my own every morning when I looked at myself in the mirror.
Celia McMahon, Skye|Believe nothing, no matter who said it, even if I said it, unless it agrees with your own reason and common sense
Kat Lahr, Parallelism Of Cyclicality|t can be easily argued that all living things are conscious in some aspect, but many would agree that advanced consciousness like our own is unique.
Jack Kerouac, On the Road|P.S. May, don’t these strawberry tarts just make you want to cry?
Jack LaLanne|If you first fortify yourself with the true knowledge of the Universal Self, and then live in the midst of wealth and worldliness, surely they will in no way affect you.
Madeleine L'Engle, Walking on Water: Reflections on Faith and Art|Stories, no matter how simple, can be vehicles of truth; can be, in fact, icons. It's no coincidence that Jesus taught almost entirely by telling stories, simple stories dealing with the stuff of life familiar to the Jews of his day. Stories are able to help us to become more whole, to become Named. And Naming is one of the impulses behind all art; to give a name to the cosmos we see despite all the chaos.
Laura Greenwood, Awakening|This woman might have a daughter, but she was as innocent and pure as newly fallen snow.
Angela Bowie|For me, the perfect film has no dialogue at all. It's purely a visual, emotional, visceral kind of experience. And I think one can create wonderful depth and meaning and communication without using words. I started out as an illustrator and a cartoonist and caricature artist, so for me the visual is primary.
Jennifer Megan Varnadore|In life there are good and bad situations. But when you are down in the valley looking up at the mountain, sometimes you realize that you can see the stars a little clearer. You realize what's truly important and you know exactly what must be done to keep it just like it is.
Debasish Mridha|Start each morning with appreciation, love, and gratitude.
Socrates|What a difference! Under the esthetic sky, everything is buoyant, beautiful, transient! when ethics arrives on the scene, everything becomes harsh, angular and infinitely boring
Sara Sheridan, On Starlit Seas|There was something indomitable about Maria – like Britannia. He’d heard that she kept her head during a Chilean earthquake the year before when men of greater age and experience had panicked. Afterwards she was discovered calmly taking notes, recording the way the land hand risen, for publication, she said.
Madison Thorne Grey, Magnificence|He was determined to stick with his plan, convincing himself to stay neutral and detached. That's the plan!Then she leaned over him.
Amanda Sun, Rain|If I were born a woman, my clothes would be for any man with rough hands to tear down and my body to be made love to by any heart lost enough to love
Nicole Krauss, The History of Love|One day she marched around the side of the house and confronted me. "I've seen you out there every day for the past week, and everyone knows you stare at me all day in school, if you have something you want to say to me why don't you just say it to my face instead of sneaking around like a crook?" I considered my options. Either I could run away and never go back to school again, maybe even leave the country as a stowaway on a ship bound for Australia. Or I could risk everything and confess to her. The answer was obvious: I was going to Australia. I opened my mouth to say goodbye forever. And yet. What I said was: I want to know if you'll marry me.
Stuart Wilde, Whispering Winds of Change|Humans need to be a little crazy, spontaneous, unusual, free-flowing, and creative.
Jeannette Walls, The Glass Castle|You should never hate anyone, even your worst enemies. Everyone has something good about them. You have to find the redeeming quality and love the person for that.
Amy Jarecki, Rise of a Legend|You are charismatic. Men are drawn to you. I am drawn to you. And by your size, let alone your skill with weapons, they will be in awe of you.
T.F. Hodge, From Within I Rise: Spiritual Triumph Over Death and Conscious Encounters with "The Divine Presence"|The bureaucrat is a man who administers things and people, and who relates himself to people as to things.
John Steinbeck|It's funny. That feeling of home. It's so temporary, like bathwater: the warmth eventually grows cold.
Maria Sharapova|I think my mom put it best. She said, 'Little girls soften their daddy's hearts.'
Ron Baratono, The Writings of Ron Baratono|Dear God, I ask that you help me with the darkness I’ve been feeling and that you help me make today a changing day in my life. I ask you, dear God, for calm in my mind and your light in my heart. I ask these things in Jesus’s name, amen.
Michael  Grant, Light|One of the most corrosive aspects of the criminal justice system is its toleration of the insanity defense...Legitimate in some few cases, the insanity defense has been rendered farcical through its manipulation by so-called experts.
William Cameron Townsend|We must come to the Bible with the purpose of self-exposure consciously in mind. I suspect not many people make more than a token stab in that direction. It's extremely hard work. It makes Bible study alternately convicting and reassuring, painful and soothing, puzzling and calming, and sometimes dull - but not for long if our purpose is to see ourselves better.
Allyse Near, Fairytales for Wilde Girls|Ah, sweetie. If the poets couldn’t unriddle them, then you certainly can’t. Be kind, and keep your ears on offer if she wants to talk. But you can’t draw out the strangeness, Edgar. It’s not a poison.
Stephenie Meyer, Twilight|Death is Peaceful, Life is Harder
Erich Fromm|Old soul." I laughed. "You're Thirty.""It's not the years, it's the experience," he paused.
Adam Savage|People go to the movies to have an emotional experience, not to learn information they could look up on Wikipedia.
Friedrich Nietzsche|You say, it's dark. And in truth, I did place a cloud before your sun. But do you not see how the edges of the cloud are already glowing and turning light.
Euginia Herlihy|Its not the falling down that counts but what you do next that counts the most. Don't spend your time on your needs if you have fallen, instead get up and dust your knees clean and walk!
Craig D. Lounsbrough, Flecks of Gold on a Path of Stone: Simple Truths for Profound Living|Without unreservedly surrendering myself to God, whatever place I might raise myself to remains nothing more than a step or possibly two off the hard basement floor of life, for of myself I can be utterly assured that I will never step out of the basement.
Mal Peet, Life: An Exploded Diagram|As a matter of fact I did flirt with Socialism, in my youth.""That when you were in university, was it?"He smiled. "Yes. University. But then I saw how much more comfortable life could be as one of the exploiters rather than one of the exploited. Plus I decided that if the proles were so stupid as to let themselves be exploited, who was I to stand in their way?
SoyLaAzu|I'm glad she's not faking affection. It's more honest than what her husband is doing, at least. Dislike is an emotion I can respect.
Bo Burnham|Cup of JoeThere's nothing like a cup of joe,when the morning's grey and grim and slow,when the streets collide with the world outside,when litter lies where lilies grow.Just drink that smoking cup of blackand feel your feelings surging back.Plus, spill a drop and a coffee shopwill sprout up from a sidewalk crack!
Michael Richardson, Dedalus Book of Surrealism 2: The Myth of the World|We can sum up the surrealist distinction between 'literature' and 'poetry' by saying where the former is artificial, fictive and elusive, the latter is natural, real, direct and spontaneous.
George MacDonald, Mary Marston|Never pupil was more humble, never pupil more obedient; thinking nothing of himself or of anything he had done or could do, his path was open to the swiftest and highest growth. It matters little where a man may be at this moment; the point is whether he is growing. The next point will be, whether he is growing at the ratio given him. The key to the whole thing is _obedience_, and nothing else.
Josh Stern|America needs to relearn a lost discipline, self-confident relentlessness...
Dee Williams|As I leave the gardenI take with me a renewed view,And a quiet soul.
Elisabeth Shue|My mom taught me to live by the three p's: to always be passionate, persistent, and prepared.
Peggy Jaeger, First Impressions,|Have you ever been friends with a girl before?”she finally asked. “Friends?”“Yes. Friends.”“Have a beer and shoot some pool friends? Or the kind with benefits?”She laughed out loud, shook her head and grinned. “Have you ever been friends with a girl without having sex mixed into the equation?”“Not since I was sixteen,” he admitted and then felt his neck heat.
Andy Lane, Red Leech|I don't want to be told that it's the people with power over us who are guilty, that we're innocent slaves, that we're not guilty because we're not free. I am free! I'm building a Vernichtungslager; I have to answer to the people who'll be gassed here. I can say "No". There's nothing can stop me—as long as I can find the strength to face my destruction.
Matshona Dhliwayo|If the final chapter of your life story is written by love, you are guaranteed a happy ending.
Jonathan Franzen, The Corrections|I figure when my husband comes home from work, if the kids are still alive, then I've done my job.
Dani Shapiro, Still Writing: The Perils and Pleasures of a Creative Life|If you wish to be a writer– then write, and don’t allow anyone to tell you that you’re on the ‘wrong’ path. You know where you’re going, and each word you write gets you a step closer.
Abhijit Naskar, Principia Humanitas|Once you die, that’s it – game over.
Rachilde, Monsieur Venus: A Materialist Novel|A very special case. A few years more, and that pretty creature who you love too much, I think, will, without ever loving them, have known as many men as there are beads on her aunt's rosary. No happy medium! Either a nun or a monster! God's bosom or sensual passions! It would, perhaps, be better to put her in a convent, since we put hysterical women in the Saltpetriere! She does not know vice, she invents it!"That was ten years ago before the day our story begins and... Raoule was not a nun.
Umakant|The subject of kissing seemed to be an awkward one. Better keep quiet about it in future. What was obviously important, was to kiss; not talk about it.
Hayao Miyazaki|Who are you then?" "I am part of that power which eternally wills evil and eternally works good.
Edgar Lee Masters, Spoon River Anthology|In the dark, dank world of the Tunnels, I would call upon this memory. And there would be a flicker of candlelight. If only for a moment. I closed my eyes, as if my eyelids were the levers of a printing press, etching the fibers into my mind. Memories were outside Cole’s reach. As long as I held them, memories were mine and mine alone.
Martha Barron Barrett, Slow Travel|Wanderer, there is no road, the road is made by walking.
Christian F. Burton, Energy Dependence Day|I’m in, especially if there’s a bad guy. Do I get to hurt a bad guy?
Laura Kreitzer, Keepers|Jules lips quivered, and I feared she was about to cry. Then she asked, “He bit off more than he could chew, didn’t he?” She made a motion as if she was biting into a tough piece of steak.Gabriella’s lips sealed shut as she tried to hide her grin, though she failed at it when Andrew asked, “Was he eating?” He turned desperately to Gabriella, confused.Jules wasn’t about to cry, she was trying not to laugh! She giggled then, the sound tinkling and odd in the outlandish setting.Andrew straightened and shook his head at Gabriella. “Did you see him eat?
Diablo Cody|To enjoy being famous, you need to have a screw loose.
Lailah Gifty Akita, Pearls of  Wisdom: Great  mind|If have the gift of prophesy, all wisdom and knowledge and have no love, I have failed to manifest my true soul.
Ray Bradbury, Farewell Summer|The huge round lunar clock was a gristmill. Shake down all the grains of Time—the big grains of centuries, and the small grains of years, and the tiny grains of hours and minutes—and the clock pulverized them, slid Time silently out in all directions in a fine pollen, carried by cold winds to blanket the town like dust, everywhere. Spores from that clock lodged in your flesh to wrinkle it, to grow bones to monstrous size, to burst feet from shoes like turnips. Oh, how that great machine…dispensed Time in blowing weathers.
Kiera Cass, The Elite|You were the one who changed us when you left me in the tree house; and you keep thinking that if you push hard enough, you can make everything go back to before that moment. It doesn't work that way. Give me a chance to choose you.
Alex George, Setting Free the Kites|I need to confront my loss, not run away from it. I wanted to wade in with my eyes open and all my senses alert. I wanted to register everything, from the giant waves of sorrow to the inkiest ripples of remorse. I didn't want to miss any of it.
Carrie Fisher, Postcards from the Edge|It seems like I want them to like me for my mind, anyway," she said, "so why not let them go straight for it? Why get them to like my legs? It doesn't seem like that's me. I feel like what I look like is government issue, it's pretty much out of my hands. But I invent the stuff I say. That's me.
Regina King|I mean, if you didn't get it or if you didn't feel like you enjoyed it, sometimes that experience can change.
Ali Rezavand Zayeri|Chances in future are just like sunlight, open the windows to see them.
Jakub Bożydar Wiśniewski|The greatest obstacle to liberty is not the existence of evil rulers, but the belief in the existence of good rulers.
Compton Gage|All this have I proved by wisdom: I said, I will be wise; but it was far from me. That which is far off, exceeding deep, who can find it out?
J.D. Robb, Thankless in Death|Sacred life ,sacred-gratitude.
Neal Stephenson, The Diamond Age: or, A Young Lady's Illustrated Primer|Yong is the outer manifestation of something. Ti is the underlying essence. Technology is a yong associated with a particular ti that is ... Western, and completely alien to us [the Chinese]. For centuries, since the time of the Opium Wars, we have struggled to absorb the yong of technology without importing the Western ti. But it has been impossible. Just as our ancestors could not open our ports to the West without accepting the poison of opium, we could not open our lives to Western technology without taking in the Western ideas, which have been as a plague on our society. The result has been centuries of chaos.
Dougie Brimson, The Crew|Heads up lads!” someone shouted. “Here we go!”More missiles, this time not just bottles, but coins as well. And then from the other side of the cordon, a roar went up. Bellowing across the road toward them. Billy watched as the Manchester lads poured forward, desperately trying to force a way through the massed ranks of the police only to be driven back by batons and gloved fists. Another salvo of bottles came flying across, trying to provoke a reaction. But the West Ham lads merely stood and laughed. They didn’t need to respond. The point had been made, the result earned. Billy was happy. Very happy.
Bob Dylan|I can see God in a daisy. I can see God at night in the wind and rain. I see Creation just about everywhere. The highest form of song is prayer. King David's, Solomon's, the wailing of a coyote, the rumble of the Earth.
Janwillem van de Wetering|What is first seen as a loss is now seen as a gain. For he finds solitude, not in far off, quite places; he creates it out of himself, spreads it around him, wherever he may be, because he loves it and slowly he ripens in this tranquility. For the inner process is beginning to unfold, stillness is extraordinarily important.
RVM|Life is not just to run and run, it is also not just to have fun. Life is complete when we get something worthwhile done.
Tamara Hoffa, A Special Kind of Love|If one is going to spend her afternoon singing hymns to the great porcelain goddess, she might as well do it in a really plush ladies room. Stupid fear of public speaking.
Brian Bonsall|I've done a lot of movies, but my favorite was 'Blind Faith.'
Jonathan Lynn, Mayday|The problems you have are there for me to help you solve, not to have with you.
Benjamin Alire Sáenz, He Forgot to Say Goodbye|She looked at the last thing she had written and she felt calm. Then she crossed the words out vehemently, scribbling until even the shape of the sentence was destroyed.
Darynda Jones, Third Grave Dead Ahead|I was never really certain why he scared the bejesus out of me. Nothing scared me growing up. I’ve been playing with dead people since the day I was born, so it’s good thing, yet the Big Bad scared me. Which brings me to the reason I called.” “Which was to give me nightmares for the rest of my life?” “Oh, no, that’s just a plus. Why was I so scared of him?” “Hon, for one thing he was this powerful, massive, black smokelike being.”“So, you’re saying I’m a racist?
Gary D. Schmidt, Lizzie Bright and the Buckminster Boy|Books can ignite fires in your mind, because they carry ideas for kindling, and art for matches.
Eliza Coupe|What's funny about the slacker thing, people project an image of what they think a musician is: young, slack, unemployed - like a really romantic idea of a poet, writer or musician - which isn't really true a lot of the time. I don't reckon you would know anything about me if I wasn't moderately hard-working.
Archibald Marwizi, Making Success Deliberate|Make adjustments and improvements to enhance the effectiveness of meetings or surpassing of your target. Learn to define, quantify and be specific about what, how and when you want to succeed in each area of your life.
Bill Watterson|Did you ever wonder if the person in the puddle is real, and you're just a reflection of him?
I. Alan Appt, The Strength in Knowing|All our lives we postpone everything that can be postponed; perhaps we all have the certainty, deep inside, that we are immortal and sooner or later every man will do everything, know all there is to know.
|There is a big difference between being loved for who you are and being loved for the worldly things you bring in a relationship. A wise one would ask, 'What would happen if those things were to be gone?
Neelam Saxena Chandra|The entire quest is for acceptance. You run from pillar to post for being accepted as you are. This quest ends only when you realize that the most important in life is to accept yourself totally, wholly and completely. Unfortunately, that is a long drawn process and it takes time to reach that level. However, once you reach that stage, you are at entire peace with yourself.
Gen Urobuchi 虚淵 玄|There is no fate, only free will, and we were just in the way of other people's free will when they decided to do the Devil's work.
Sunday Adelaja|You do what you have to do. That's who you seem to be to me, anyway. You're one who does what he has to do.
Milan Kundera|And a strange, deadly war is raging around the world. Yet, each person who has lost a loved one surely knows secretly, deeply, that no war, no act of revenge, no daisy-cutters dropped on someone else’s loved ones or someone else’s children, will blunt the edges of their pain or bring their own loved ones back. War cannot avenge those who have died. War is only a brutal desecration of their memory.
Sigrid Nunez, Sempre Susan: A Memoir of Susan Sontag|Well, how we going to sleep with that going on?" his wife demanded, not unreasonably. "Are they making love, or are they sore at each other, or are they just suffering down there?"("I Wouldn't Be In Your Shoes")
Dr. Karan M Pai|The night is darkest just before dawn. But keep your eyes open; if you avert your eyes from the dark, you'll be blind to the rays of a new day...So keep your eyes open, no matter how dark the night ahead may be.
Mary Roach, Stiff: The Curious Lives of Human Cadavers|We are biology. We are reminded of this at the beginning and the end, at birth and at death. In between we do what we can to forget.
Shannon L. Alder|Anger swirled in him, a tempest readying her strike. And like a helpless vessel caught in her fury, he felt himself dashed against the rocks without mercy.
Osamu Dazai|I wonder if I have ever actually been happy. People have told me, really more times than I can remember, ever since I was a small boy, how lucky I was, but I have always felt as if I were suffering in hell. It has seemed to me in fact that those who called me lucky were incomparably more fortunate than I.
Billy Graham, Billy Graham in Quotes|For Satan’s deceptions to be successful, they must be so cunningly devised that his real purpose is concealed by wiles.
Ursula K. Le Guin, The Ones Who Walk Away from Omelas: A Story|They leave Omelas, they walk ahead into thedarkness, and they do not come back. The place they go towards is a place even less imaginable to most of us than the city of happiness. I cannot describe it at all. It is possible that it does not exist. But they seem to know where they are going, the ones who walk away from Omelas.
A.C. Gaughen, Lion Heart|There's a funny thing about light and darkness--like hope, you can never blot out either one completely. They always exist, side by side, bright light making shadows darker, darkness making the light more beautiful, a tempting siren call. I can't hate the dark parts of myself. They are the things that showed me how special and rare the bright flames of trust, loyalty, friendship, and love were. My darkness showed me how to love Rob. But now I choose light and fire and love. No I choose freedom.
Margaret Mitchell, Gone with the Wind|We have a calling: a need to be close to Nature, where she may cleanse our souls and wash away the stresses of yesterday. It is emotional recompense for the cost of living.
Kendare Blake, Anna Dressed in Blood|You’re sure you didn’t leave? Didn’t try to explore Thunder Bay again, maybe go down to the park and, I don’t know, dismember some poor jogger?
Alija Izetbegović|Science gives an exact photograph of the world, but it lacks an essential dimension of reality.
Suede, The Suede -- The Chord Songbook: Lyric Songbook, Octavo-Size Book|All the colours in the rainbow don't compare, With one look in your impossible eyes, And I walked into the trap with my eyes wide shut, But I never knew what it would be like. All the plans were made, In the wooded glade, Where your body was split wide open, And I count to ten, As the race begins, Round your hairpin bends. Sometimes I feel I'll float away, Sometimes I feel I'll float away, Sometimes I feel I'll float away, Without you to hold me. I can't count the times I forgot my lines, And you pretended that you didn't know, Let me take you through each stage of the male  mistake, And we'll adopt our natural roles. And I need you more, Than you need to be needed, So I sign my will one stab at a time, And I count to ten, As the race begins, Round your hairpin bends. Sometimes I feel I'll float away, Sometimes I feel I'll float away, Sometimes I feel I'll float away, Without you to hold me. Sometimes I feel I'll float away, Sometimes I feel I'll float away, Sometimes I feel I'll float away, Without you to hold me. Away, away, away, away ".
Mishi McCoy|The next time that you find yourself surrounded by darkness, I hope that you will consider that you need not necessarily look to the night skies in search of a guiding star to offer hope. You don’t essentially have to depend on a shooting star as a prospect or token that you’re now able to make a wish that may actually stand a chance of coming to pass.
Richard Feynman, The Meaning of It All: Thoughts of a Citizen-Scientist|If someone were to propose that the planets go around the sun because all planet matter has a kind of tendency for movement, a kind of motility, let us call it an ‘oomph,’ this theory could explain a number of other phenomena as well. So this is a good theory, is it not? No. It is nowhere near as good as the proposition that the planets move around the sun under the influence of a central force which varies exactly inversely as the square of the distance from the center. The second theory is better because it is so specific; it is so obviously unlikely to be the result of chance. It is so definite that the barest error in the movement can show that it is wrong; but the planets could wobble all over the place, and, according to the first theory, you could say, ‘Well, that is the funny behavior of the ‘oomph.
Elon Musk|It is important to view knowledge as sort of a semantic tree -- make sure you understand the fundamental principles, ie the trunk and big branches, before you get into the leaves/details or there is nothing for them to hang on to.
John Green, An Abundance of Katherines|Something about telling that story made my gut grow back together."What?"Oh, nothing. Just thinking out loud."That's who you really like. The people you can think out loud in front of."The people who've been in your secret hiding places."The people you bite your thumb in front of."Hi."Hi."..."..."Wow. My first Lindsey."My second Colin."That was fun. Let's try it again."Sold."..."..."..."...
Margaret Cho|I want to say that probably 24 hours after I told CBS that I was stepping down at my 65th birthday, I was already regretting it. And I regretted it every day since.
Geoffrey Wood|The Adversary, of course, simply wants them to lay down their sins, guilt and all, and follow Him. But this type holds on to their sinfulness and their guilt for it, because otherwise, they’d have no relationship with Him at all. And, of course, no relationship can be based on guilt and survive.
Ronald Ross, Researches on Malaria|I always knew a good man should do no bad deeds, but it never occurred to me that a good man must do good deeds. He cannot just sit back and do nothing. He cannot just relax and let things happen around him. He must act or his faith is meaningless, mere words or thoughts.
Deborah Cox|Since I started composing I have always worked with series of tempos, even superimposed the music of different groups of musicians, of singers, instrumentalists who play and sing in different tempos simultaneously and then meet every now and then in the same tempo.
Lionel Suggs|Intellectuals that approach me, only serve to feeding my intellectualism. Imaginists that approach me, only serve to enhancing my Imaginism. It's impossible to feed my I, for I am the Greatest 'I AM.
Willa Fitzgerald|With 'A Northern Light,' I've already heard from teenage readers, teachers, librarians - it's been so gratifying. It's amazing that you can take something that matters so deeply to you and make it matter to someone else.
Toni Sorenson|The risen Christ! Once morefaith is upon us, a jubilant brief keeningwith respite:Obedience, bitter joy,the elements, clouds,winds, louvres where the bellmakes its wild mouths:Holy Rus – into the rain’shorizons, peacock-dyed tail feathers of storm,so it goes on.
Kassandra Cross, Sex with the CEO: A Billionaire Romance|The city was alive, and so was he...
Diane Moore|A man who writes a book, thinks himself wiser or wittier than the rest of mankind; he supposes that he can instruct or amuse them, and the publick to whom he appeals, must, after all, be the judges of his pretensions.
Aaron B. Powell, C-Town|Grand Mage,” Ghastly said, as he put the map away, “did you know the sparrow flies south for the winter?”“What an odd thing to say,” Ravel said, and as he turned, he snapped his palm against the air and Paloma slammed into the wall.”…..“What do you know,” Ravel said, breathing a little faster, “Skulduggery’s silly little code actually works.”“Grand Mage,” Ghastly said, as he put the map away, “did you know the sparrow flies south for the winter?”“What an odd thing to say,” Ravel said, and as he turned, he snapped his palm against the air and Paloma slammed into the wall.”…..“What do you know,” Ravel said, breathing a little faster, “Skulduggery’s silly little code actually works.
Jason Medina, A Ghost In New Orleans|Like flowers to a bee, feelings are the silent language of the heart.
Joseph Bruchac, Code Talker: A Novel About the Navajo Marines of World War Two|Never think that war is a good thing, grandchildren. Though it may be necessary at times to defend our people, war is a sickness that must be cured. War is a time out of balance. When it is truly over, we must work to restore peace and sacred harmony once again.
Timothy B. Tyson, Blood Done Sign My Name: A True Story|The self-congratulatory popular account insists that Dr. King called on the nation to fully accept its own creed, and the walls came a-tumbling down. This conventional narrative is soothing, moving, and politically acceptable, and has only the disadvantage of bearing no resemblance to what actually happened.
SHOOWA, ジンと猫は呼ぶと来ない [Jin to Neko wa Yobu to Konai]|People don't exist without the past, I know. But the past isn't alive. It's you who's alive.
Emma Cline, The Girls|We are all like the clay Buddha covered with a shell of hardness created out of fear, and yet underneath each of us is a 'golden Buddha' a 'golden Christ' or a 'golden essence,' which is our real self....Much like the monk with the hammer and the chisel, our task now is to discover our true essence once again.
Charles F. Glassman, Brain Drain   The Breakthrough That Will Change Your Life|To be healthy in modern society, you must adopt the behaviors of an astronaut!
A.A. Milne, When We Were Very Young|If you were a cloud, and sailed up there,You'd sail on the water as blue as air.And you'd see me here in the fields and say:"Doesn't the sky look green today?
Widad Akreyi|Ask Gandhi, and eye for an eye makes us both blind.....ask an engineer, and the numbers don't lie - the first to strike wins.
dignity,labor,indicates,types,jobs,respected,equally,,occupation,considered,superior,livelihood,invo|Though one’s occupation for his or her livelihood involves physical work or menial labor, it is held that the job carries dignity, compared to the jobs that involve more intellect than body.
David Halberstam, The Coldest Winter: America and the Korean War|Fear was the terrible secret of the battlefiled and could afflict the brave as well as the timid. Worse it was contagious, and could destroy a unit before a battle even began. Because of that, commanders were first and foremost in the fear suppression business.
Louie Schwartzberg|I have long believed that celebrity, the way we worship and package and sell our pop stars, is what filled the need for gods that was once filled by the pictures in stained glass. Hollywood is post-Christian Venice - in other words, a pantheon of saints without the hassle and heartache of religion.
Tyler Shaw|I like to exercise in the morning before work. It puts me in a good mood, which makes my coworkers happy, and jump-starts my brain, which makes me happy.
Neetu Sugandh|There are some who are born with talents and there are some who develop them in the form of skills. I am a part of the latter." - Neetu Sugandh!
Joseph Brodsky|The more one reads poetry, the less tolerant one becomes of any sort of verbosity, be that in political or philosophical discourse, be that in history, social studies or the art of fiction.
Tony Hsieh|You learn in this business: It you want a friend, get a dog.
Niccolò Machiavelli|When evening comes, I return home and go into my study. On the threshold I strip off my muddy, sweaty, workday clothes, and put on the robes of court and palace, and in this graver dress I enter the antique courts of the ancients and am welcomed by them, and there I taste the food that alone is mine, and for which I was born. And there I make bold to speak to them and ask the motives of their actions, and they, in their humanity, reply to me. And for the space of four hours I forget the world, remember no vexation, fear poverty no more, tremble no more at death: I pass indeed into their world.
Jasleen Kaur Gumber, Ginger and Honey|Lane, I will become attached to you. It happens with everyone. Something about my personality makes me latch on to people. First, it was my friend Tina, then Liam, and now you. I’m sorry, but I know it will happen. It already is happening. Now that we’ve had sex, I don’t want you out of my sight.
Rebecca Scherm, Unbecoming|If there were lies to photography, I figured, there was truth too, truths we’d never see if not through the dispassionate glass eye of a camera.
Lewis Mumford|Let us fool ourselves no longer. At the very moment Western nations, threw off the ancient regime of absolute government, operating under a once-divine king, they were restoring this same system in a far more effective form in their technology, reintroducing coercions of a military character no less strict in the organization of a factory than in that of the new drilled, uniformed, and regimented army. During the transitional stages of the last two centuries, the ultimate tendency of this system might b e in doubt, for in many areas there were strong democratic reactions; but with the knitting together of a scientific ideology, itself liberated from theological restrictions or humanistic purposes, authoritarian technics found an instrument at hand that h as now given it absolute command of physical energies of cosmic dimensions. The inventors of nuclear bombs, space rockets, and computers are the pyramid builders of our own age: psychologically inflated by a similar myth of unqualified power, boasting through their science of their increasing omnipotence, if not omniscience, moved by obsessions and compulsions no less irrational than those of earlier absolute systems: particularly the notion that the system itself must be expanded, at whatever eventual co st to life.Through mechanization, automation, cybernetic direction, this authoritarian technics has at last successfully overcome its most serious weakness: its original dependence upon resistant, sometimes actively disobedient servomechanisms, still human enough to harbor purposes that do not always coincide with those of the system.Like the earliest form of authoritarian technics, this new technology is marvellously dynamic and productive: its power in every form tends to increase without limits, in quantities that defy assimilation and defeat control, whether we are thinking of the output of scientific knowledge or of industrial assembly lines. To maximize energy, speed, or automation, without reference to the complex conditions that sustain organic life, have become ends in themselves. As with the earliest forms of authoritarian technics, the weight of effort, if one is to judge by national budgets, is toward absolute instruments of destruction, designed for absolutely irrational purposes whose chief by-product would be the mutilation or extermination of the human race. Even Ashurbanipal and Genghis Khan performed their gory operations under normal human limits.The center of authority in this new system is no longer a visible personality, an all-powerful king: even in totalitarian dictatorships the center now lies in the system itself, invisible but omnipresent: all its human components, even the technical and managerial elite, even the sacred priesthood of science, who alone have access to the secret knowledge by means of which total control is now swiftly being effected, are themselves trapped by the very perfection of the organization they have invented. Like the Pharoahs of the Pyramid Age, these servants of the system identify its goods with their own kind of well-being: as with the divine king, their praise of the system is an act of self-worship; and again like the king, they are in the grip of an irrational compulsion to extend their means of control and expand the scope of their authority. In this new systems-centered collective, this Pentagon of power, there is no visible presence who issues commands: unlike job's God, the new deities cannot be confronted, still less defied. Under the pretext of saving labor, the ultimate end of this technics is to displace life, or rather, to transfer the attributes of life to the machine and the mechanical collective, allowing only so much of the organism to remain as may be controlled and manipulated.
